 I got all my nephews their first piggy (coin) banks for their first bitthdays.  Each one I got at things remembered and had their name and birthday engraved on it with "from (my real name)" on it 




 Extra gym class.  Detention as a kid was usually some hard core punishment in gym after school.  Now, in my 30's, gym time is time to zone out and improve myself, accomplish something and feel like a badass. 




 Excellent, thank you 




 Does anyone know of any clinics that offer immunizations and testing at a low cost.  I know low is a relative and undefined term.  I have no health insurance and am applying to EMT school and need to have a TB test, tetanus (TDaP), two vericella vaccinations, Hepatitis B, Flu and Menigitis.  Anyone know of the best options to have these done? 




 I was going to join in, but I think this thread is dying.  Time to jump ship on all these puns. 




 Y'all my car is slowing down! I must be out of.... carburetor or something. 




 I live in the U.S.A.  I'd have to say ours is Ground Hogs Day.  The commissioner of the ceremony dresses as if it's the early 1900's and places a ground hog (large friendly rodent) in the tree stump.  When he pops out, his reaction to his shadow determines whether or not we continue to have winter or move onto spring. 




 What day does your country celebrate and what do you do on that day, that really, to an outsider, would seem completely absurd? 









 He was so damn fast I had to rewatch it 









 I'm sorry, but your authority is not recognized in Fort Kickass

FTFY 




 Me Too! 




 I'd she were a president she'd be Baberham Lincoln 




 Or his series of children's books 




 Normally I'm very opposed to government over reach, but... ya know 




 Watched it on demand, Mike delivering a lightening fast throat punch was the best thing I've seen on TV this week 




 At least he would have gotten the Nobel prize for something 




 Your right *tear* sometimes dreams are all you have 




 Burn the house down and GTFO 




 Something happen with my dvr.  Not sure what, cable may have cut out.  During the commercial breaks it skips from when Chuck calls HHM to the scene with Mike actually running the protection job.  I never noticed the skip since I fast forward through commercials. 




 In The words of Bam Margera Fuuuuuuuuuuuunck this 




 I'm a little sleep deprived and have had 3 drinks on an empty stomach to Fall asleep.  I know it's probably bull shit, but I'm not thinking straight 




 Please dear God let this be.  If this is a April fools joke or satire site I'll kick somebody's ass I tell you what. 




 Howdy 




 Sure, go ahead and set up a profile, send me the link to it in a pm and I'd be glad to give as much feedback as you need 




 I don't know how your approaching online dating, the site your using, or anything else about what your doing.  So flying blind, here are some tips. 1) Take your time but be confident.  Forcing a meet up too soon seems aggressive. 2) Avoid talking about sexual topics before the second or third date, also seems aggressive. 3) avoid using snapchat and the like for anything until after a few dates.  You basically want your prospect to feel comfortable with you while still being confident to actually make it too and past the first date.  It's kind of a balancing act between social pace setting and taking the lead. 




 Reached this time on demand.  I don't know if it was a glitch, but my dvr missed the entire second act.  It also missed the scene at HHM where Jimmy is offered the deal.  Everything makes so much more sense, glad I rewatched. 




 I dont know, don't really care, got the info I needed 




 S1E9? 




 Okay, I'm thoroughly confused.  I saw the teaser last week which included shots of the parking garage scene and I've seen people post screen shots or stills from that scene on this sub?  I watched the episode and fast forwarded through  it twice and never saw it.  Wtf is going on 




 Seriiusly, wtf, how did I miss this whole scene, is it in the pimento episode? 




 Agreed, documentaries are for education, films are for entertainment 




 Agreed.  The special effects were entartaining for the first half of the film, then that wore off.  The effects remained good, but that's not enough to hold my attention.  The movie should have been called "Oh Shit Oh Shit Oh Shit"  or "Everything that could ever possibly gone wrong.... in space"  the movie itself wasn't horrible, but not worth they hype it got. 




 No, stay! 




 I know this is probably an unpopular opinion on reddit, but I think James Franco and Seth Rogan are starting to slip.  I really felt that was the weakest of all their films and a little too predictable.  The jokes are starting to just run from movie to movie.  Rogan started out great with all his other films, but unless they spend a little more time writing and a little less rushing movies, they won't turn it around.
 




 So do I assume the parking garage scene will probably been in next week's episode? 




 I'm seriously confused.  I saw the parking garage scene teased last week in "scenes from next week's episode" and I never saw this parking garage scene where someone pulls a gun on Mike.  Also the descriptor write by the cable company says "Mike's ability to complete a job is questioned."  What the hell am I missing? 




 My physical trainer had me do something like that.  The laws of physics were a little tougher on me. 




 ...really? 




 Bowser.  He's a 8 foot tall, spike shelled fire breathing dinosaur that commands his own army with a pension for kidnapping.  Not to mention a 10 foot vertical leap.  No good comes of that. 




 That's just realy depressing 




 Agreed, shorter and lighter pipes would make a big difference 




 I recognized the low end set up.  My first bike was an 04 ACE 




 What's the up and out on the frame.  Also, does the design obstruct your view, how do you see around your tank? 




 Honda shadow? 




 Too many sexual partners (one of them left me stunned and speachless with her number)  willing to do sexual things first date.  The other texted me dirty photos unprovoked the night before our first date to "get me ready" 




 If you're not really going to post a real question here, just don't post 




 If you can follow directions, Steak au Puave.  Why, got a date tonight? 




 I am and I have.  I was on it years ago.  Oddly enough, the trashiest girls I ever met while dating online were from catholicmatch.com.  I'm not saying they all are/were, just 2 of the trashiest I've been on dates with were from that site and said yes to 7 of 7 ideologies (including contraception and premarital sex) 




 It's shorthand for "redditor for redditor"  it's essentially a personal ad.  There is one for all of reddit.  I know some major cities (mine for sure) has one for their cities. 




 And if not why don't we.  The structure would be to connect and promote safe dating for catholic redditors. 




 You mean gloves like these right here? 




 What color is it?  Black? 




 I can actually hear you getting harder 




 I really think we need to reconsider bringing back the "phrasing" thing, guys. 




 There's not enough liquor and therapy in the world to erase this. 




 Did you ever think that when Bugs Bunny dressed up like a girl Bunny that he was kind of hot?

Me neither. 




 I really wish there were more unique HD'S on here like this one 




 Ew, this coke has gone bad. 




 Oh, thanks 




 Naw man, you just tell her the reservation or event is earlier than it actually is.  For example, if you have a table booked for 8:00pm on a friday, you just tell her the reservation is at 6:30..... on Thursday. 




 I do was with conditioner about every other day and cut back to washing hair with shampoo once a week.  Was cinitioning the beard with the same frequency.  What exactly do you mean by CO-washing? 




 Well I think it's gotten better. I think towards the beginning of cougar town she went overboard on the facelifts, her skin was frighteningly tight and unnatural.  I've seen her recently and she looking great.  True she's not the perky fox she once was, I'm just more for a more natural graceful aging, such as stated above with Jennifer Aniston 




 I've been there, I've worked for him.  As far as sexual harassment, yeah, it happen.  And I can speak for the fact that the ownership did  know right from wrong. 




 And maybe not sexually harass employees, practice illegal payroll policies, not steal from investors. You know, maybe not making bad desicions that get you in legal trouble in the first place. 




 I was really hoping for a topochico episode myself 




 I feel weird saying this, and I don't really know why, but, agreed.  She is holding together pretty well for someone her age 




 Not gonna lie, hope this makes a comeback 




 You're not trying to day that BB fans were over analyzing things... are you?  That's a stretch. 




 The increasing number of obvious face lifts.  It was most obvious at the end of friends and the first few seasons of cougar town.  She's let up since. 




 Your grandma is Dolly Parton? 




 No but I'll ask for one at work and see what they have (I work at a whole foods) 




 Well Chris Jones left and moved onto new horizons and kitchens a while ago, so did Ben Roche.  Richie is now the principle leadership.  I don't know if he will stay or not.  Cases like this, many times the principle leadership is promoted and offered a chance to buy into a piece of ownership.  If this is the case I think Richie would be a great fit and it would be an exceptional opportunity for him. 




 Do you ever rep up near Dallas or stick to central/south Texas? 




 What brand of shampoo do you use.  I use the main and tail conditioner but every shampoo I've tried strips it dry 




 You're in the wrong neighborhood 




 I interned in the kitchen and worked as a server there in 2010 and 2011.  At that level of restaurant the executive chef owner many times (as in this case) is a public figure head who is rarely in the kitchen.  The day to day leadership when I was there was Chris Jones, and Richie Farina.  Cantu spends most of his time working on other ventures.  The restaurant could easily survive, thrive even, without him. 




 And Lounge against the Machine is playing to boot! 



















 Reminds me of my ex's soul 




 Trapper John MD.  Serious spinoff of MASH about a character who hasn't been on the show for about 6 years 




 When someone you don't even know openly talks hateful, ignorant shit to you, just let it go 




 Clarity 




 7 7 7 7 7777777 




 Despite it only being 2.5cm in diameter, the human colon can withstand and abscess infection pocket the size of a baseball 




 A Remington 870 express 




 Stronger than a locomotive 




 Fucks given - 0 




 I pay a personal trainer,  exercise 5 days a week to loose weight and work at whole foods.  Late nights coming home from work I'll stop at In and Out for dinner.  




 Any healthy weight loss is a victory.  Keep up the healthy lifestyle 




 Holy crap you're beautiful 




 An emotionally disturbed twelve year old called my sister a wetback.  We are German/Irish.  We had a pretty good laugh. 




 Very beautiful in its own way 




 Your welcome here anytime.  We have a city and neighborhood for whatever your taste.  You'll find most  people here friendly.  




 As a proud Texan, agreed.  We are a state of people who in our history fought our own war for independence, then survived tough years until we were accepted as a state.  Hell or high water (and given the climate here were see both frequently) no one's taking that from us.  

I also feel sorry for anyone who invades Michigan or Illinois.  It would be the equivalent of invading Russia in the winter, there's no success their. 




 Holy crap 




 Very weird, I thought I was posting this on the ELI5 post of "Why do Christians and people of other faiths who believe in eternal reward become sad when someone passes away?"  Don't know how this happen.  May have something to do with starting my Sunday Funday with an 8% beer at 11am. 




 Very cool.  May be a good candidate for /r/oldschoolcool 




 Clean bike, but you'll have better upvote luck in one of the bike subreddits 




 Just the general shittiness and rudeness of some people towards strangers.  I get it, it's the Internet and everyone has an opion, but some folks are just shitty for no reason.  I just learned to to respond. 




 From being in the service industry and bartending for so long, people who are generally thankful, gracious, and just nice to complete strangers 




 CD anti theft protection? 




 Simply enough, it's a selfish response knowing you will never interact with that person ever again.  I've felt it.  You just know you're never going to see or speak to that person ever again after spending so much time building a relationship 




 There is a lot of warning signs people can look out for.  Whether you are looking for yourself or someone else  they can be spotted by knowing the list and being a little self aware.  In my case I noticed it when I was choosing to always stay home, sometimes in bed, instead of accepting my friends invitations to go out.  Staying in and solitude can be beneficial, but I was turning down every invitation so I could be alone.  Search signs of depression and you can find a list, just keep in mind what sources are credible and which arent. 




 I don't know of any science or studies behind it, but I've noticed the same thing.   The only explication I can come muster is the more people, and more good times equals up to more distractions from just drinking.  If you focus on drinking you notice how tired or buzzed you are.  The bigger the party, the more you are focused on having fun.

"It's way more fun to have six buddies with one beer each, then to be a dude with a six pack"  Nick Offerman 









 But, "Awesome" isn't spelled B A D.....? 




 People probably got tired of being sucked into engine turbines 




 What.... the... fuck? 




 Another chain but the nachos at Fuzzy's is good, just north of park on the west side of 75 




