 Unless I switch to the Razer Naga Chroma, which I won't, I'll stick with my wired 19 buttons thanks. 




 And half the time I should be sleeping... I have a reddit problem. 




 Its a fun game but holy hell I'm glad I got out before the addiction set in. Having a heroin habit is less expensive. 




 I don't know how this comment has so much support, but I'll plead my case anyways.

Couple years ago I took nutrition, and we had assorted fresh fruit and vegetables brought in, organic and traditional varieties.

All of the organic forms tasted less bitter and looked healthier.

Before any one of you say that organic food is a scam of any sort, go try it. Compare a usual strawberry vs. an organic one. You will immediately notice a difference.

As well, organic food is often comparably priced. Even up here in the Great White North, which is frozen 1/3 of the year, we can get quality organic food for barely more than the usual. Most of the cost of non-organics is shipping. Many common fruits and vegetables come from California. 




 I don't have a desk (ok its a counter), but when the restaurant is slow the waiters bring us water/fountain drinks when we want it. One of the perks being paid only $13/hour for an entry level job. 




 OR....! Drink it at a reasonable pace. Get up for more coffee more often. Same idea as the water bottles people are taking about. 




 I had an applied math teacher in high school that packed the bottom drawer of his desk with Clif bars. Popped one open every hour or two, helped him lose 50 pounds in a semester by keep the metabolism going all day plus exercising. 




 Which side of the bars he's on. 




 Eh. Love the movie, hate the actor. 




 Does no one realize this is an overpriced roundabout?? 




 Canadian too. Didn't realize White Castle is a real thing until much later... 




 Last winter my car was written off because some stupid bitch in her daughters SUV with 4WD was going 20km over on the iciest road in the city, thought she could start braking with just 10 metres. Put her engine block through the trunk and almost into my backseat.

I had some boards in the trunk, if I was leaning on the centre armrest at all, one of the boards would have broken my arm.

Didn't matter to insurance that my 18 yo car was in mint condition (no scratches, rust, etc) with new tires and small engine upgrades, didn't get near enough payout to get another car. Been stuck using a transit system about as reliable as a crackhead. 




 Most kitchens are pretty relaxed, but there are some hardass bosses. If youre not working quickly or putting out bad product, the head and sous chefs will call you out on it.

But the shit and abuse Ramsey pulls is all for shock value on camera. Those people working in there most likely sign papers waiving rights to sue for the emotional abuse he deals.

Things were different say 20 years ago, ive heard stories of chefs smacking people around with large ladles or throwing insert pans across the kitchen. That doesnt fly anymore. Thats now included in battery charges. 




 Why is weather reporting still a thing? Unless a tornado is going to level my house, it doesnt matter if its rain or shine. 




 Enjoy the hole in the ground, or the waters of Its a Small World at Disney. 




 I like seeing the issue raised so often. Social problems like gun control aren't a circlejerk, they're a topic that needs to be worked out immediately. 




 Used to see a Lamborghini at a local church in the pastor's/priest's/trained monkey's spot during summer months. Never sat well with me. 




 And the most successful scam to be legally protected in very country in the world, save state-enforced athiest nations. 




 Where I'm from, 45 melts tires eh? 




 Not even entertainment, just sensationalism. 




 How is this not higher. Started a new job this week, no clue what my hourly wage is. 




 Wouldn't surprise me if thats how Ramsey ends his career/free life. As far as celebrity chefs go, his food is unimaginative and basic, his aggression in a real kitchen would violate numerous human rights, and top it all with failing restaurant(s).

Source: work at a french restaurant, and my executive chef feels the same way. 




 ITT: people are all comedians and needy bastards. I love reddit haha. 




 I hate that guys guts. I don't find anything he says funny; watched a few episodes, loved George, Kramer is a goof, but then he comes and hits the buzzkill switch. 




 Eh, maybe yellow. Its an awkward place to scrub while standing one one foot in the shower.

This kinda blew up while I was at work, figures my top comment is about washing damn feet. 




 Have aspergers. Most of us don't do repetitive behaviours like that. 




 Gotta have that morning shower. And after work shower (kitchens are hot and messy). But that ice cold post-workout shower is so refreshing too. 




 Being in the culinary business, its shit like this I hate. Sure its small, its supposed to be. That kind of salad is meant to prepare your palette for the main dish.

I'm going to guess you're used to your drive-thrus and 6 big mac combos, with diet coke because you're watching what you eat.

Food is more than shovelling horrid quantities in a gapping maw. It really is an art. It must taste good, and look good too.

As for the pricing comments I'm seeing, it is pretty common for upscale restaurants to have a flat rate and pick a starter, main, and dessert. It may be $40, that's because 75% of the cost goes to paying people who spend years and tens of thousands of dollars training to do the job. 




 Unprotected straight sex seems to lead to an increase in females growing parasites for ~9 months, and when its finally removed, have cloth and care for it for another 16+ years.

I don't like kids, can you tell?

Edit: to make my point relevant, there's a lot of shitty straight people doing things to mess up others lives, especially children, so straight relationships aren't gilded in gold and silver. Let people do what they want and be done with it. 




 So many hotkeys? Haha! The only game I've ever played with less buttons to push was Pokemon, when I was 6.

I've played a lot of games, and nearly all of them had more hotkeys.

Fast forward many years, my Naga has every button and scroll wheel position bound with shift and control modifiers. Now THAT is a lot of hotkeys. 




 Thinking of moving there from Canada in a few years.

From what I've read, lots of social benefits, 85% athiest population, and 90% of the country speaks English.

Also, Swedish meatballs. 




 Theres like 4 major chains for guys to shop at without driving to the other side of the city, selection is limited, so stop being a judgy prick. 




 Was just talking to a friend from Pennsylvania last night about this.

Apparently you Yanks don't have delicious Canadian Hawkins Cheezies. Claims to be made with pure real cheddar with a satisfying crunch.

Its like Cheetos but infinitely better.

Edit: to be fair, I can't get Sprecher root beer in Canada so I have to make trips south for it. 




 Various online retailers, its the 21st century 




 Take the preaching elsewhere, i like the music and dont care about their personal lives. 




 Ah. One is just Bob Marley and the Wailers, the other is Bob with the quote "only ourselves can free our minds" 




 Only if you get caught. 




 I came here for an explosion and saw what looks like a big bag of chalk go poof. 




 Hardly fair, I have a lot of shirts with favourite bands and artists; Van Halen, Led Zepplin, Bob Marley, The Beatles, AC/DC, etc. 




 Pierre Trudeau wore capes, and a lot of people seemed to like him. 




 Need a comfy pair of stringless leather shoes. Like walking on a cloud 




 Can confirm. I enjoy classic Stones. A lot of people seem to get along well with me. 




 My brother says this as his go-to instead of laughing. 




 Here in Canada, Bootlegger carries some very fashionable Affliction shirts. I don't get it either. 




 I do believe its slang for British pound. 




 Highmaul isn't going to raid itself. 




 Cache memory was the same but didn't know about the hyper threading. Will have to read about that.

Not that I will ever need an i7, I play WoW and SWTOR and stream netflix. 




 Its personal choice to spend money how you want, but if you look at the numbers between the current i5 and i7, its a .1 or .2 GHz difference (at least when i built my tower last February). Couldn't justify that difference for the extra $100.

My laptop is pretty old now too, 1.7 GHz i7, first gen from 4 years ago. 




