 The great thing about it going to Netflix was how much creative freedom was given to the show itself. Normally, we'd assume it'd be a complete risk to take a show to a streaming company, but Kevin Spacey and David Fincher didn't even hesitate. 

I really hope Netflix grabs more projects like this.  














 The Dawn of the Age of the Rise of LG 




 you can do anything you set your mind to 














 Nah, I just put that there as a draft. The logo's meant to be standalone when it all comes down to it. As for the monochrome, that's the big thing I'm trying to solve right now. 

Edit: by standalone, i mean that I'll have 'Art   Politik' written and placed differently to complement how the logo is sized and placed itself. 




 Awkward. That is a P... 




 Thanks for that. I also found /r/Logo_Critique. I'll give both of them a shot. 









 Lagaan (2001), as well. 8.3   95% 




 Hah, I wouldn't say it was awful! It definitely needed work on keeping consistent with how emotionally ignited the opening scenes were, but the script still managed to keep people seated with what it offered.  But damn, they really should have utilized Cranston and Watanbe more.

Thanks for the feedback! 




 He did. The context is that he started realizing he was losing heart for it as filming was taking place. There's a quote by him from a biography cited on my page if you want to read exactly what he said.  














 I'm with you on that. As much as I'll criticize that movie, The Lost World is an irreversible staple in my childhood. I just watched it again a few weeks ago after finishing the book, and I still love it. 

The movie's got its glaring flaws, but it doesn't mean we can't enjoy it for what it is. That scene with Julian Moore was pure classic Spielberg. From all the summer movies that come out these days, I found myself appreciating scenes like that a lot more. 









 MACHINE SHOP^SHOP^SHOP^SHOP 




 Ha! I'm laughing myself now, too. Shit gets rough in the suburbs... 

For the record, I didn't mean for it to come across like that. I've kept that car since then, and I love it. I don't consider it a hardship in the slightest bit. Learning stick-shift was one of the best things I've ever done.

Thank you, by the way! 









 a lot of fish 














 What would you say to a kid who's been making music and wants his shot at being heard?

Thanks for doing this. 




 http://i.imgur.com/cYMv3hz.gif 




 now you listen here, shitbird 




 http://i.imgur.com/ETSXxy8.gif

edit: and i ain't trying to convert yall into believers but just keep in mind for any celebrity that [they're not all the media portrays them to be.](http://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/1yqjcc/the_time_i_met_our_lord_yeezus/) 

 




 Check the subreddit's side picture out. Assuming those are the same lanterns, we're looking from a bottom up perspective here. Look at the lanterns in the GIF. They're positioned directly above the camera. This is Godzilla looking down, and I'm guessing from pretty far away so he can have some space to look that low. 














 DARKNESS

BROODING 









 H TO THE UMPTY 




 *hacking potatoes is stealing*

*stealing is against the law* 




 You wouldn't hack a potato 




 At the end of the day, requiescat in pace.  




 I completely agree with you. I hope I didn't come off as otherwise. I didn't mean to say that photographers shouldn't act like that because it endangers rights; I was only writing about how it does.

When I was writing it, I used the paparazzi as more of an example to remind us that we need to watch how we act when we shoot in public. It was to show that we need to remember to be respectful because doing otherwise just makes us look bad and hypocritical. I pointed out the danger it has to rights to show a secondary consequence of it as well; that's why I had the title include that the activities of paparazzi are dangerous for 'photographers *and* their rights'.

 









 [ON SIGHT](http://i.imgur.com/77kxxYn.jpg) 




 http://i.imgur.com/7NDjSie.gif 




 I doubt you want to kill him. Who would you obsess over, afterwards? You're literally on every Kanye post I've seen here, buddy
 




 FUCK WHATEVER Y'ALL BEEN HEARIN 




 Don't read the comments. Just turn back now. They're exactly what you think they are. 




 I've always used ball point pens as my main tool for sketching. I don't know why; it started as a habit and I love using it now.

Pilot G2s are my go to. 









 ...You mean SD? 




  Garfield was such a spoiled brat that he didnt even want to be a presenter, said my source. The academy had to call Captain America star Chris Evans to sub at the last minute.


... 




 This isn't film, but here's [Bryan Cranston as LBJ in All the Way.](http://i.imgur.com/czR9g6q.jpg) 




 KNOW YOU GOT A ROOMMATE

CALL ME WHEN THERE'S NOONE THERE 




 BIRD JESUS 




 I've never tried that! I need to. I hear too many good things about pistachio.  




 Or gelato. I'm eating watermelon and pomegranate right now.  




 Yes, because you can make that call without having met either of them. 




 http://soundcloud.com/maazcon

Hey. I have one song that I finished production and vocals on just last summer. I haven't been able to work more on music because of school and work, but I'd like having a mastered copy of that track, at least. It'd be great for it to get a bit of publicity. 




 You just have a very condescending phone.

"Oh, you're opening up a browser? K." 




 Thanks! Represent. 




