




 Best of luck! I also gained everything back after a 28 lb loss several years ago, and I haven't made more than a token effort since then, but today's the day I buckle down too. I'll think of you as I'm trying to retrain my will power!  









 @anonymau5--No. 




 @bdavisx--as was widely reported, right-wing media immediately declared it was a gang sign, but it turned out to have been a college fraternity sign. So no, not an issue except as a flag for racists. 




 Tmbisrealcool--no, it was rather quickly determined to be a fraternity sign. 




 @brianhass--the FBI database has been found to omit many police shootings. Also, if the category is "justifiable," that is obviously not tracking those homicides that might not be justifiable.  









 @eatyourbrain -- Why do you say that? They are not drawing conclusions about the police shootings; the "malpractice" is the failure to compile national stats on police shootings. The government certainly keeps stats on just about everything else. 

Here's another piece on the issue by NPR:

http://www.npr.org/2014/08/21/342228794/ferguson-turns-lens-on-police-involved-killings-but-some-facts-are-few
In the NPR story, note what the U of Missouri prof says about the lack of info on police shootings:

"I've actually heard police executives say that they don't want to have a national reporting system because then people will compare and say, well, you know, this police department shoots more people than that police department. And it'll lead to problems"
 
























 @susannahnesmith--Bottom line is, though, as you say, that every writer is responsible for his researchers.  
























 @GoddessWine--yes, the article explains that the LAPD's beating of Rodney King was the impetus for this law. 



























































 You look beautiful! Congrats! You lost 30 pounds in four months?! 







































 Thanks for your vigilance, umbra. Judging from your comments, including the one on the other version of this story, you have an interest in suppressing this type of news. 










































































 He's actually been deemed to be America's most accurate pundit. Here's one of the many reports on the study:

http://gawker.com/5797755/paul-krugman-is-americas-most-correct-pundit 










































































 "...Republican members of the United States Senate...back in February, refused to allow a vote on a comprehensive veterans health package that took more than a year to craft..." 
































































 In the meantime, these VC-backed companies are destroying local businesses that can't compete with them on price. 
































































 "Allowing people to die to advance your political philosophy isnt just bad policy. Its immoral." 



















































































































































































 Glad to be here. 




 You might want to spread the word over at r/journalism, where there is a thread on the r/politics situation and the mod they seem to feel is mostly responsible for pushing the censorship:
http://www.reddit.com/r/Journalism/comments/1oxay8/unclear_on_the_concept_rpolitics_mods_ban_serious/ 




 Just found this after reading comments on the r/politics fiasco. Looking forward to an uncensored environment. 




 Exactly. Be moderators, not censors. 




 @PintoTheBurninator--our small business got the same type of letter from Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois, offering us the chance to re-up with our current plan for another year on Dec 1 or go with a cheaper plan with somewhat poorer coverage starting Jan 1. The cheaper plan offered featured 80 percent rather than 90 percent coverage but apparently has a meaningful out- of- pocket limit -- our current plan's out- of -pocket limit is so loaded with exceptions it's almost meaningless.

So I'm somewhat worried about what we'll get after next year but we'll see. Our business pays a ton for our group coverage.  









