 buy them on iTunes like I had to :P
 




 So glad i'm not the only one who thought this! As soon as I saw the two initial combatants I was like ofuck two-handed greatsword vs broadsword and buckler... obviously the guy with the buckler is just gonna parry riposte that big dudes ass. Forgot how real life plays out..
 




 I don't mind the ones who do it for fun but I work at a gamestore and some people definitely take their opinions on gaming too seriously haha. Like they're BFFs with Miyazaki or something.

 




 don't they kno NDS OUTSELLS all those CPU peasants everytiem?! 




 Mann all this is making me want to give pvp a go!
 




 Is this the estate where all the orgies are at?
 




 weakness: pyromancy
 




 How the fuck...
Do you not spread the lube in your palms first before slathering your dick in it?
 




 Of course its my city, where nothing interesting ever happens.
Damn midwest.
 




 thanks!
 




 Dank Souls is my favourite video ever
 




 Where'd all the footage of the guy wearing the Faraam set come from? Was that included in the original version of the game or just promo material?
I'm late to the party and only have SotFS
 




 I was thinking the Loyce Knights
 




 I solo'd Sinh fairly easily and I was stuck on Fume knight forever until I got help so i'm fairly confident you got this
 




 Shitty nightmare man. I once had one too where I was in a catacomb-esque closed off arena fighting a giant version of my own character. I was unarmed and he had full havel and a great sword, swung it down on me and that's when I woke up.
 




 Different strokes :) That sounds pleasant too. And don't worry haha we have a special, lower table for drinks. 
 




 idk, my mates and I make a time of it. Takeout, drinks, loud music, tons of weed.. Basically a party with computers and gaming. Playing from the comfort and solitude of home is nice too though. 
 




 Is a tv a monitor? Not even trolling just curious if any display = a monitor to some people 




 people with friends 




 WOAh ACTING
 




 Lol when Jared's like "I love The Girl with The Dragon Tattoo." Not going to lie I thought she gave off that vibe too. It's great.
 




 Pretty hard choice... character game is strong with this one. I love Gilfoyle, Dinesh and Jared all for different reasons though. Gilfoyle is the relatable one, Dinesh is just pure comedic gold and as a huge Office fan I can't get enough of OJ either.
 




 Na, i'm gonna keep watching. It was a meh episode except for a few laugh out loud parts but i'd be lying if I said I didn't still want to see where it's going. 

As for reality.. I mean I know some of the hardcore nerds out there would love to see a tech show 100% based in reality but come on guys. It's not like only programmers and hackers watch this shit. That would be fucking boring to like 95% of the audience.  




 Same. The whole invisible man treatment with Erlich always cracks me up
 




 Every time.  




 I laughed during the show and then came on to this sub and decided I needed to be angry about it because it broke consistency haha
 




 lol yea I hear Ivory Crown is an even bigger pain in the ass. Not looking forward to the lightning unicorns.
 




 "Just bring me some cool ranch doritos and chicken nuggets" NO DON'T OPEN THE DOOR MAM JUST LEAVE THEM OUTSIDE
 




 Thank you to NonYaBeznez on 360! I was stuck on the Fume Knight for nearly a week. I literally bought gold just to get help with the fight. Yesterday I managed to summon someone but we both kept dying to him anyway. Today this dude pops up and absolutely carries me away to victory. I maybe took out a third of the health myself. Thank you again friend! Now on to the frozen wastelands...
 




 It took me way too long to remember where the titanite demon is in Anor Londo. Blocked memory I guess. Those 1 hit downward jump stabs...:(

 




 Second one is true Solaire.. the other was casul
 




 Oh yeah I think you're right... Oh well that's her problem, I never had beef. I usually save ladyboy for the end of the playthrough anyway.
 




 Yeah for DaS1 at least in the earlier playthroughs, you could get a LOT accomplished via suicide runs. Like killing pinwheel before gargoyles kind of shortcuts. DaS2 suicide runs to flip a switch or grab an item are still viable but the whole health loss thing is a bit more of a deterrent.  




 First 6~ playthroughs I almost exclusively used two handed greatswords. Last playthrough I went through with a baller side sword... like a totally different game.
 




 I never ever kill any of the Firekeepers anymore and I always use the Dark Seance ring to get to Gwyndolin instead of killing Gwynevere. Only people I kill are Vamos for the helmet and of course that fuck Lautrec where he sits in his cell.
 




 Same. And the spooky skellies definitely reminded me of the catacombs!
 




 FUCK ZE FUME KNIGHT
 




 I thought resins were the only way to buff melee
 




 Aitor. edit: And always a knight.

 




 I've been through Dark Souls about 7 times now on the same character, love the world and the PvE experience to death but now i'm starting to get bored and want to try my hand at PvP. Only problem is i'm on an outdated system and it's also a bit of a financial commitment since this is the only game I play on console these days. 

So my question to those with 360's is: Is there still an active PvP community for Dark Souls?

Also, i'm neearly done DaS2, just stuck on the Fume Knight. I assume since this game is newer there's still a fair amount of people playing it, is this a fair assumption? I'll try out pvp on both of them if I get live, but from what I've heard from friends the original Dark Souls pvp experience is the way to go.

Any input would be appreciated! 




 Man I've played though like 7 times on a pure melee character because ranged spell casting has never been my thing...only recently realized after seeing a youtube video that some spells actually just buff your melee weapon.. now I kind of want to start a new character just to experience sunlight blade haha
 




 Don't get too cocky around Pinwheel. I once lost like ~500k souls because I forgot to retrieve them in the bonewheel area and died to a surprisingly nimble pinwheel one playthrough.
 




 My first playthough I thought they were an item you had to pick up more of as you went along (no idea they refilled at bonfires), so I managed to keep my original 5 until like the Taurus Demon, wondered why it was so fucking hard..
 




 Only point I ever use a shield in DaS1 is for the fight with Sif. Otherwise two-hand for dayz
 




 I've never pvp'd but i've gone through to NG+7 with full giant armour, waay too much strength and two-handed GLS/BKS/Zwei. Pure melee, All about dem tanks and swings. Just don't forget to equip the mega weed ring!
  




 Solid advice, just one of those boss fights that takes patience I guess!
 




 I do roll a lot and two hand my weapon though! I just always fuck up once he's got his flame sword buff and usually die to him around 1/4-1/5th hp haha :(. I just need to git gud.
 




 Absolutely :)
It's like the bass massaging every part of you at once!
 




 Thanks man i'll definitely look into those books, the "flow" effect is something that very much intrigues me.
 




 Agreed!
 




 said the same thing yesterday when I got out haha
 




 But I don't mind.
 




 I agree.
 




 You are right.
 




 Wow I never knew this was a thing, thanks for the heads up I hated getting through this place enough as it was! Love Veldstadt though. Fave boss! 




 That's crazy! On a side note I hate this boss so very much. So many tries and still I can't beat the fucker :(
 




 I tried explaining this to some of my mates who aren't into techno and they just sort of stared and laughed. It doesn't really happen with groovier and more percussion based tech housey stuff (which I still love), but a lot of the time when I'm listening to deep, textured rolling techno like Abdulla Rashim, Deepbass, Ness, Polar Inertia, etc I literally just kind of drift off into this weird meditation-like limbo where my mind is completely void of thoughts and the only signals i'm receiving are the shifts in the music and the physical sensations of the bass hitting me. During this time I can usually drift off to sleep in an instant regardless of the volume of the music, and basically everything else melts away until the mix ends or the vibe is somehow broken.

Do you know what I mean?
 




 First off just let me say that I love Adam Beyer as a DJ and I listen to his radio show every week. He throws a great party and his mixes are legendary. However, as a label, he and his fellow artists' releases are just very predictable and similar. Sure I love the Drumcode sound, but it's definitely a formula they rarely deviate from whereas other labels are constantly trying to evolve their sound. Plus like someone else said, time and a place. People on this sub want the gems and rare tracks, not something they can easily find on a top 100 list on Beatport.
 




 New macbook background! :) Love how you managed to combine futuristic and traditional architectural elements instead of just giving everything the Starwars treatment! Comes across as more organic.
 




 Damn son nice one!
 




 Eccentric setup in a good way! Love the triple vertical setup and the variety of boards. Do you watch anything with those monitors configured that way or do you have a tv for that? 




 Alright never caught the bit about the ocean being dried up, makes a lot of sense then!
 




 First off let me say that I absolutely loved the movie! I got dragged along to see it not expecting much but I was quite pleasantly surprised both by the quality of the actual action/stunts as well as the intriguing setting and lore. Also loved that we had no lame romantic subplot shoved down our throats. It certainly turned me onto the franchise in general, I'm definitely going to have to go back and watch the others now.

However, I do have one question that's been gnawing at me. At one point in the movie they reach the edge of the Citadel's wasteland and say something along the lines of "we have enough supplies for 160 days of riding" yet it's still implied that they wouldn't reach their destination if they attempted to go that way. If the events of Fury Road are set in Australia, then wouldn't it only take like ~30 days max to cross the entire country by vehicle? Or did they just say 16 days and I misheard them? 160 days does seem awful long...
 




 Haha wow that's a pretty lame reason to ban someone... probably some vegan, needs more chicken in their diet. GET HYPE!

 




