 At a rave in southern California called Escape from Wonderland in 2014. 




 Armin would be fantastic because of all the other djs you would meet. I'm not so sure I would want to listen to every one of his sets though. Haha 




 You probably wouldn't play many shows then, since he doesn't really like spinning that much. 




 PvD was drunk off his ass the last time I saw him. His mixing was horrible and only topped by his, even worse, track selection. A huge disrespect to the thousands of fans he is PAID to perform for. 




 Art is so subjective 




 Crack head crimes 




 If you knew anything about making fresh pasta, you would know that you cannot make it "al dente." Fresh pasta should have a slight chewiness to it.

Al dente is not even an Italian "thing."  




 I would disagree. Yes, the questions are topical but what John says very much reflects my sentiments. 

People should embrace change and advances in technology. It applies for everything else in the world, and so too for the dj world. 




 You just typed a transcript of my entire sexual career. 




 [Here's one I recorded over the weekend. Tracks from Lostly, Indecent Noise, John Askew,   Liam Melly] (https://youtu.be/xBBf9xeiFqY)

Let me know if it sucks.

  




 I'd say 25-28% 




 Manual transmissions are usually $1-2k cheaper on most vehicles. I don't know what you're talking about. 




 Why the hell would your pubes be that long?  




 Here here! 




 Its actually relatively easy to do it yourself. Go into any Auto zone and they sell a oil change "deal" that includes all the things you need including an air filter for a reasonable price. All you really need is a screwdriver and to get your hands a little dirty, but an oil change is super easy.


Air filter?  Screw driver?  

Last time I checked,  you don't need an air filter for an oil change.  Maybe you meant oil filter? 
 




 Gato 




 Using five 20% coupons at once would save you 67.232% 




 Are you done yet?  




 I already [do](http://imgur.com/QLP6oZr) 




 When I walk into Home Depot, I always scream, "where the hoes at?" 




 Instructions unclear. Drank gasoline. 




 Driver picks the music. That's like rule #1 dude. 




 I had to pay late fees =( 




 That's expensive. Isn't a 36 pack of Budweiser about $25 bucks?  




 Yeah, what gives? 




 But he never has to pay a toll again because, you know...he's dead. 




 "Cute pussy gets licked and then eaten." 




 I never said people don't make typos. It's the people who are too lazy to correct typos that irk me. 




 

Personally I wouldn't engage in some pissing match that accomplishes nothing over the spelling of a trivial word that doesn't matter. But that's me.

But yet you have responded twice. 




 Doesn't Ruby Skye in SF book good trance artists? 




 Unless it's digital  




 WHAT IF I am the face palm, for not turning off notifications?

Cue Keanu meme.

No, but seriously, I did turn off notifications afterwards. It's annoying that the default of the app is to bomb you with notifications. 




 So you don't think attention to detail is important?

Do you think it's okay to make small, preventable mistakes? It would seem like it from your attempts to rationalize the whole thing. 




 A massive wall of notifications from the redfin app 




 /r/djs is definitely the sub for beginner djs and all around noobs! Or at least that's what one would deduce from most of the threads posted here.  




 I give a shit about spelling because it reflects on a person's character. Someone who can't be bothered to use the correct pronoun contraction not only shows their lack of education, but it shows they lack the attention to detail required to function at a high level.

Sometimes a mistake is a mistake, but why let a simple spelling or grammar error undermine your whole argument? 









 I'm more upset that no one seems to know how to use this meme. This is "malicious advice mallard" aka a duck that gives bad advice. It's NOT an angry duck. 

Make the distinction people!

/rant 




 (cat 2 was a fat old fuck)

Excuse me!? 




 I haven't looked at the pictures or thread (at work), but how does looking at pictures equate to cheating? 




 Everyone wants to fuck everyone, but nobody wants to admit it. 




 I was hoping you would understand the question is a rhetorical one, given the context and the forum in which it is posted. 









 For the price, you can get much better sounding headphones.

 




 You sound a bit salty. Are you ok? 









 I meow all the time. 




 All these people telling you that you NEED to go to college don't know what they're talking about.

You have the job now, it pays well, stay with it since it makes more sense financially. You always have the option to go to college later on.

Not having a degree won't impact your hireability (is that a word?) since you'll have your work experience to back you up.

To paraphrase a friend. 
   You may be a college graduate applying for the entry level manager position, but the guy that dropped out of high school to work for the company, applying for the same position, has 6 years experience on you and he already works there.  




 "How to fall asleep in under a minute."

You mean chloroform? Only down side is that you wake up with a really dry mouth. And occasionally it makes your buthole really sore. 




 When I was 10, I dated 12 year olds. Booyah 




 Google keyboard's text prediction is horrendous. It always corrects to stupid ass words I never even try to type. And the actual word I'm trying to type never even appears on the suggestion box. 




 Somebody's been watching too much food network. 




 A urologist perhaps?  




 So do I. 

(   ) 




 I think your estimate is off if you are truly walking around on your whole shift. When I used to be a nurse, I'd walk something like 14 miles in a shift. 




 I can't tell you anything about it because I don't even know that I don't know about it. 




 Proof? 




 Who knows, she might be into golden showers.  




 Gin   tonic with a lime wedge is nice. Beware though, tonic still contains sugar. You can opt for sugar free if you're being extra strict. 




 It's from being dehydrated. Keto already requires a higher intake of water as it is. Keeping your electrolyte balance is crucial. I take potassium supplements. 




 I like you. 




 J'aime 




 Gossiping coworkers. 




 No, you're doing it wrong. The fact that you down vote him means that you acknowledge that you're a fag. 




 You know what they say about people with big pockets 

(   ) 









