 You mentioned it in a way which suggests you thought it was happening in Portugal.  




 It is illegal to do cosmetic testing on animals in the EU.  




 Pendulum - Voodoo People (Prodigy remix)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKXKWBcaV3A 









 Worst part of the film 




 unzipping 




 Oxford University is older than the Aztec Empire 




 Opening doors. 




 Of newer books, I loved We Need to Talk About Kevin 









 Passport photos seem designed to provide the worldwide media with a convincing mugshot if you turn out to be a terrorist 




 That's the entire whip system - some votes are important and you are expected to vote with your party. Otherwise you'd be left with the US system where nothing can get done because there is no party control and everyone has to bribe each other with amendments left and right. 




 The Islamic State has been gaining thousands of followers just through its own successes - doing nothing is not much of an alternative. 

I agree that bombing Iraq, and civilian casualties that result, will create some extremists, but I think doing nothing could be worse. If the Iraqi government can regain control of the country it is the best chance to reduce the number of extremists. 




 Interesting perspective, but makes sense.  




 No ground troops - only air strikes in Iraq 




 Very unlikely, though no doubt a handful do. 

The parties have been urging MPs to vote with them and support intervention in Iraq. 




 We hope that through airstrikes we can support the Iraqi ground forces enough that they can regain the territory lost to the Islamic State in the past few months. 
Given that the Islamic State is encouraging terrorists in countries around the world, we feel the world would be better without a strong Islamic State (IS) movement.  














 Really? You might have an 8 week course in the cold war, just as PPEists might choose to do 8 weeks on cold war politics. 

No subject can be "mastered" in 3 years - you're always just on the tip of the iceberg 




 Economics, Maths and Chemistry 




 I'm also an Oxford PPE-er

PPE does teach a kind of short-termism bullshitting. I say I know about the economics of carbon exchange because I spent 3 days writing an essay on it.

Then again it does teach you to deal with a lot of different topics in a short space of time, which is common for cabinet positions (PPE is much more overrepresented in cabinet than just in the commons). 




 Did you try and do university without a student loan or something?

The reality is people pay less than before! 




 People pay less up front than they did before. And most people never need to pay off their whole debt. Where's the issue? 




 Yes, I will. 

I think they have moderated the Conservatives well (obviously as the minority party they have limited power, but they have done well). 

My concerns are:
- Labour - I don't trust to run the economy and the concept of Ed Miliband being the statesman in charge of the UK TERRIFIES me
- Conservative - I worry about the power of their far right MPs who want to leave the EU, pull up the drawbridge and bring back social conservativism
- UKIP - Oh Jesus, No!

Lib Dems have:
- Raised minimal tax thresholds to 10,000 
- Brought in the pupil premium
- prevented some nutty policies by conservatives on green energy, immigration etc. 




 If they have a smaller than average bike then I'm screwed if I get new tenants. Or if friends bring a bike over etc. 




 Hi thanks for answers so far.

My house has 6 steps down to a lower floor door which is around 2.5' below ground level. It's a very small space below my bins which I need to raise. I really need the lowest sensible height I can get away with. 




 They are not the only person who will live in the house in the future. I need a future proof height. 




 Tea man ... he goes round making cups of tea in an emergency, He's a British national hero.

Oh, we claim Judge Dredd as well. 




 Done (says the British first, English second person) 




 I don't ride a bike, but housemates do. I'm building a small bike locker. What is the minimum height it can be to allow most bikes to be easily stored? I.e. what height are most bikes? 




 It's too long, but I really wanted to call my Wifi, "If you connect to this your children will be next" 




 There is nothing I **own** that I would not give away for a billion dollars.  




 First I had to microwave it, then I eventually got a rice cooker, before finally getting a proper kettle from home. 




 When I moved to Washington DC (from London), no one knew what a kettle was (the electric kind) or where I could buy one 




 More information:
http://www.understandinganimalresearch.org.uk/news/2014/09/this-week-in-animal-research-w-e-19-september/ 














 If you prepare pork well there will be no ill effects. Done. 




 SPEAK go out once a week with about 5 people. The Pro-Test movement pretty much finished off SPEAK. 




 Forget the "testing" - it's the animals used in the development of the medicines that matter. Take Zmabb, it is a combination of three mouse antibodies, and the efficacy was discovered in monkeys. No mice or monkeys, no Zmabb.

You are right we could do it in human (not always faster - we simply couldn't not study the role of genetics in slow growing humans as effectively as some of the work that is done in genetically modified mice), but most would consider this unethical. 




 It's also the only we will develop new medicines which save millions of lives. The moment you start equating human and other animal lives you start to create all sorts of moral issues - do you have a moral obligation to prevent a lion killing an antelope (you would stop a lion killing a human).  









 Well in the situations of hyperinflation the government tends to print money and use it to pay its debt. 

In quantitative easing the government buys debt or government bonds from banks. 




 Money is just a medium of wealth used to assist bartering. If one person has all the money it ceases to play that role. Alternative currencies would set up (e.g. gold standard, where there is some intrinsic value). 




 Inflation is defined two ways (both mean the same thing):
- The rise in the general price of goods
- The fall in the value of money

If you print money, there is more money in the economy yet the same amount of goods. So the nominal prices of those limited goods rises.  




 When you print a large amount of money the value of currency decreases (inflation), and people's wealth decreases... 




 You're British until you vote otherwise (j/k) 




 I like the London Underground.

- Only the Western part of the district line goes down (where it splits past Earl's Court), when I lived in Stepney Green the District line was an unstoppable force.
- Really? Haven't noticed any problems recently. When the train judders on startup, that's because someone is leaning on the doors and therefore causing the automatic brakes to kick in.
- Yes, I hate them too. 




 *tips hat* 




 I'm more concerned that the technician filming saw the monkey vomiting (which isn't unusual after surgery), and rather than getting a veterinarian, decided to sit there and film it. 









 When someone brings in an accordion and decides that now is the time to use it to call a demon God into the theatre, and then when they finally manage to summon the damn thing they have a FIFTY MINUTE CHAT about some occult crap. The invites the fucking demon to dinner and ask members of the audience to be waiters.

I HATE that .... and I always say no to being a waiter 




 Age of Empires II 




 Living in the UK, normal policeman don't carry guns so they can't fatally shoot people even if threatened. Seems to work here. 




 Ah, no substitute for the feel of a book 




 If it's in the pile there's an 80% chance I've read it and will remember I own it. 




 The range of answers widens dramatically 




 hmm, could possibly send a book 




 I will count today or tomorrow, so keep guesses coming 














 just put on boxee+, but didn't work before upgrade either 




 Yeah, I tried that originally, had the same problem - which is why I bought the hub (I read something online about boxee not able to power two usb HDDs.  




 Both work individually, but if both are plugged in, one will not function properly. Surely that can't be a formatting issue? 




 I have two unpowered 2TB HDDs. I plug them into a powered USB hub, so that boxee need not power them. One has Films, one has TV shows.

Boxee can read both drives fine if only one is plugged in. 
Boxee cannot read both, if they are both plugged in - it just reads one and assumes the second drive has identical information. If I try and play a file from the "unrecognised" drive, then it merely says it cannot access the file or directory.

Help!

 




 A rather cynical view. By the same is the motivation of a Doctor seeing a patient to get paid and hopefully get a promotion? No, it's to try and help people. 

Yes, there are profits involved, just as there is in healthcare, education and most other positive endeavours, but that doesn't make it the primary motivation of the people involved. Most researchers I know working on diseases in animals, really want to find a treatment - not for the profit, but for the patient. 

Very little animal research is done by the military, but the bit that is is almost all for treating war injuries e.g. the best treatment on site for someone who has been shot to ensure they survive, or studies into PTSD. 









 You might think that, I couldn't possibly comment 




 Do colourless green ideas sleep furiously? 














 It changes the meanings of words. 

In the UK, you might be a Conservative (voter of the Conservative party), or a conservative (one who prefers less change). 

If you watched the girl next door, were you referring to the film or your neighbour?

If your favourite band is ratm, is that a band you haven't heard of, or initials of a better known band (Rage Against the Machine)

etc 




 Quite literally everything - I've got all the time in the world 



















 17 different meanings expressed by the word "sorry" 




 If they were sensible they'd sell umbrellas in the winter 




 The optimal sleeping position is the one discovered the moment your alarm goes off 









 I have a Sherwood RD-6106R 5.1 amp

I have a pair of Eltax Symphony 6.2 speakers

I NEED a pair of rear speakers, a centre speaker, and maybe a sub (the Eltax have a reasonable amount of bass). If I bought another pair of Eltax Symphony speakers, would they work as rear speakers or should O get something else? What should I buy as a central speaker? 




 I have a Sherwood RD-6106R 5.1 amp

I have a pair of Eltax Symphony 6.2 speakers

I NEED a pair of rear speakers, a centre speaker, and maybe a sub (the Eltax have a reasonable amount of bass). If I bought another pair of Eltax Symphony speakers, would they work as rear speakers? What should I buy as a central speaker? 




 Except they haven't. Students might be paying a bit longer (hello graduate tax) but they aren't paying any more. They're in LESS debt than before, because they pay nothing up front (I had to pay my fees up front many years ago). I say this as a former teacher who had to explain the new system to students.

The fact they said they'd do one thing, and did another, is a fair frustration - they should have abstained - they're paying the price for that. 




 I think there is a strong group of "The Economist Liberal Lib Dems" - which is economically just right of centre, but socially much more progressive. It's these "bluer" Lib Dems who have always tended to make up the elected top of the party. 














 "Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn" 









 Pick up a second hand TD-10 e.g.:
http://orangecounty.craigslist.org/msg/4594120842.html

Frankly I reckon your kit sold in bits could raise around $1000 or more 




 I have sold a lot of drums online (mainly ebay).

Sell

* each cymbal separately
* the snare separately
* the shell kit with only stands for any floating toms
* Bags separately
* stands separately

I also would go with the Roland e-kit over the Alesis, better bang for your buck. 




 This isn't original - it's a wiki picture, and copied from my post:
http://www.reddit.com/r/StarWars/comments/2c1lpd/this_library_looks_like_the_jawa_sandcrawlers/ 




 Would this do:
http://www.acoustic-foam.co.uk/products/Pro-Acoustic-Home-Studio-Kit-AFHS--%28-24x-AFW305-12%22-Panels-%252b--4x-AFBT200-Bass-Traps-%29.html
 



















 Games I enjoy/own:
Game of Thrones - Strategic, cutthroat, changing fortunes
Carcassonne - Relatively fast, easy to learn, 3 player as good as 6 player
Coup - Great, short game, I can carry with me



Number of Players: Up to 6, but preferably those that can be successfully played with 3-4 as well.

Game Length: Either 4 hours, 2 hours, or 20 minutes

Complexity of Game: Quick to pick up for new players - not many people I know will know these games

Your Budget: 10-40 




 I'm not sure I understand what "cover out" means.

2cm is a fairly thick piece of wood. 




 Ex-research dogs really shouldn't be aggressive, or something is going wrong with their socialisation programmes. 
Usually ex-research dogs are not adopted because:
- concerns of any medical side effects that are yet to show
- the dogs are used to a lot of routine, and they are used to a lot of human contact time (vets, technicians and researchers are around a lot of the time), as well as tending to be group housed - so a family looking for one dog, who will leave alone it for hours on end (when at work) would result in a more stressed dog 




 The books will generally fit on the 24cm shelves - but I don't know if it is aesthetically better to have shelves all getting smaller? 




