 Big Mac and fries for me. 









 How old are you? If 25-30 (even younger), what rock have you been living under?  




 Trololol? 









 Good writing is good writing. Period.

Agree 100%.  




 Same here. How deceiving! 









 Same here. Every time this question is asked, this line is one of the most common answer; but how can it not be? 

You're right, the combination of Eccleston, the episode's tone, and the line = fantastic! 




 Fracas is the BBC word of the month. Belated April Fools. 














 Lucky you, and yeah WHY NOT? 




 Sh#t just got real. Here we go, Spurs, go! 




 Love this dude! 




 I was a student finishing my thesis and working as an online English teacher to Koreans. I had some time on my hands and was looking for a side job online when I found a listing for "content writer" for a travel web site. It paid pretty well for a student and got me hooked on freelance writing. 









 I'd have this for breakfast - or any time of the day. 









 It would also be a good thing to mix your tweets - share relevant articles and something your boss would like to share (his own words). The latter can be pre-determined during your "hashing out of clear objective". You can also make this a topic during your regular meetings.

One more tip: if you need to reply to a tweet, and the reply is not merely a "thank you for sharing", it's a good idea to consult your boss first. 














 "He's certainly no angel, nor a role model in my view, but that doesn't mean he's a monster."

Couldn't have said it better. The BBC had to sack him, but there's no point in beating Clarkson up about the whole thing now. 









 Never thought about this before. Playing with my phone now! 




 For me, it's not so much of a "comfortable issue" than simply not feeling the need. I do use Siri just for fun sometimes. 




 Didn't think of this...but it was a personal bet - a jest - so it shouldn't count? 









 Well, obviously we think differently. In this case, I think it's both wrong and WTF material. 




 I've never had that issue, actually. 









 You're probably right. It's just the best configuration of the living room right now, with the weird shape this place has. 









 I've always thought that kids born in the past 5-10 years will see (smart) mobile as part of their lives and not merely as extensions unlike us older people who experienced the advent of this new technology. 




 Nearsighted here - sees things better on iPad Mini in hand than on 51-inch TV 2 (maybe 3) feet away. 









 LOL. Does this mean writers=hipsters? 




 Am I? 









 Am I your mummy? 














 Best thing I've seen all day! 




 HODOR! 




 Where you huff and puff in secret? 




 You don't think that the Weeping Angels are remotely scary???

Awesome piece, though! 




 I hope she loves it. It's a beautiful name! 




 "There are so many horrible writers trying to make a go at freelancing that all you really need is 1 decent piece and someone will hire you for 10 bucks."

Indeed, and there are even sites which have levels for writers. X amount for 'poor writing', XX amount for 'good enough writing', etc.
I don't remember what site this was, but when I saw it some months back, I was appalled.

The market is that bad, that yes, you can earn as a "writer" even if you can't write. 




 Or [Dylan Thomas](http://www.poets.org/poetsorg/poem/do-not-go-gentle-good-night) 




 I think it's more realist than pessimist. 




 Good God, no! 









 Thanks! 









 I have to disagree with "never working for free". There are cases when working for free has its own rewards.

When you're new, working for exposure can help - but not too often, and you have to be picky about where you write.

If it's a non-profit or a charity, working for free helps with exposure AND you get to help others.

There *is* something to saying "don't work for free", but "never" is too sweeping a statement in my opinion. 




 Yeah, beware of dogs. 









 Manly chic? 














 Probably a temporary glitch, sorry. 









 Thanks - I totally forgot Banshee (I used to watch it all the time but stopped lately). I also just remembered Justified. 









 Kill me now, but Star Wars. 




 Not too imaginative, but not dreadful.  



















 Calling Sheldon and Amy! 




 Awesome indeed. And I would take "might" out of the question. At least I want to believe that that the rest *will* do him good. 









 Now if they only had an automatic sushi maker. 














