 "Don't believe in trees" Ahahah! XD

I swear I'm not laughing at you love, I'm laughing right now because I picture a camper in the words telling someone else they are crazy because "there is no such thing as tress!"

Anyways! I have had these...I'm sorry, but I can't bring myself to call them ghost right now, the "things" have always fallowed me, sometimes it's cause suffering for others, which is a another story I guess I'll post it?

But...I haven't had good luck with people who, try to help me. My Mother and me went to a flea market, it's a big one they have every summer that's two hours away, it's good for bonding time. 

While we were there we bumped into this couple who...forgive me but I'm not sure what it's called? It involves crystals and chakras, that's all I know! lol

So while I talked to his wife he did the...crystal thingy on my mom, after that they talked for awhile about which ones were "blocked?" and exercise to help unblock them I guess? 

So my mom stands up and pate the table "you should do this" I put up my hand and shake my head no, "Eh...I'm good"

My mom keeps insisting and I keep saying no finally with a dead serious looks she glares at me "you either do it, or you are walking home" 

*SIGH*

I get on the table and I'm tense...I'm not nervous because of anything bad I'm sensing from the guy, which by the way...that's another issue of mine! So many issues...

As I'm laying there thinking this whole thing was asinine, he's places crystals on me and I'm stiff as a bored, I didn't relax till he put this big ass crystal in my hands. Some kind of quartz?

So he's doing his thing, I kinda blank out, I snap out of it when he shakily says he's done. He takes the crystals off me and as I sit up I realize how much of a mistake this was...

This nice old hippie is shaking, he looks out of breath, and like he's about to cry. In my head I'm like..."what the flaying batman is going on?"

I ask if he's okay, I can see his wife is concerned and my mother is confused. He says he's fine, but ask if he can have a hug, I cover it up, but I feel very awkward, and say of course, as we hug I throw a not so convincing smile to his wife and my mother. 

 
He steps away from me and sits down in a chair pulls out a cigarette and stars smoking like a chimney, his wife and my mother go over to him and talk, I don't approach because I think I did enough damage...I look at all the crystals they have on some tables, his wife comes over to me and starts just putting certain gems and stone in my hands. She tells me what they are all for, but to be honest I was still worried so I didn't pay attention, tried to pay for them but she shook her head , told me to just take them. After a awkward parting...I was just about to tell my mom off for making me do that when I hear his wife, she runs up to me and says to take this as well. It's a big quarts on this cord that is green and purple. She tells me it was the first crystal her husband gave her, she wants me to have it!

I tell her I can't possibly take something so important, she says I can and I will. Says I need it more than her, she walks away. 

I still have it, but to be honest I don't wear it much because the cord is a little itchy. 

I guess...I honestly don't know if I believe in the "Supernatural" I do find it interesting, but generally don't think about it. 

I just know that there might be something off about me, and I don't want anyone hurt. You know love?

Also! I'm curious about your experiences, I would love to hear some if you are willing to share? 
 




