 She says her name and hi but isn't that fantastic at pronunciation.  Sometimes it sounds like she is trying to say a word but I can't make it out 




 It will go up on Bunwear.spreadshirt.com in about a month and the profits will still benefit the rescue 









 Spoiled rotten! Just the way it should be. Cool design 




 Did you finally get him litter trained?! 









 It totally does!  




 She cracks us up daily. And I don't know that our mylar coated windows are beautiful - the sunflowers are nice though. Leela really enjoys hanging out on the patio.  




 Hah! Love it.  




 Thanks. We are Futurama fans in case you wondered :) 




 We have a young GCC too - she has been doing a crazy dance with her head more and has gotten more nippy with strangers recently.

Are there other changes we should be aware of? 









 Moar Rox Cutes https://imgur.com/a/oZ4IE 




 Here's his sad story if anyone wants the history of the king: http://www.therabbithaven.org/Rox_Appeal_020413.html 

(cuz those days are history! boo-yah!) 




 Happy first Gotcha Day to Dr. Rockso Luther King Senior! That's Rox for short. Done being a medical foster, he arrived at our house as a foster on April 5. He stole our hearts and there was no way we were ever going to get him to an adoption show. We signed the papers a year ago today and never looked back. After attempting some bonding with Walter and Gwen, we got him his very own lovebun in September and he and Izzy are now inseparable. He has come a long way from the sad, abandoned, broken leg bun he was and we are thrilled to have had the chance to get to know him, thanks to The Rabbit Haven. Long live the king! The opinionated, grunty, loving little bun he is! 









 Loves being anywhere my bf is. S/he adores him (we don't know sex but named Leela so usually gets 'she')

Lucky for me she still enjoys my scritches and affections. Moreso when he is in sight. :-p 




 I'm renting so it isn't technically mine. 

Nor do I intend to have kids let alone grandkids.

Though I may get it a pot - it is pretty cool. 




 California. I doubt it has ever been inside.  




 the woman who lived here before us was the landlords now deceased mother and she apparently did the yard. could be ancient.

It does look wild - kinda like a bonsai - stunted growth but old and gnarled. How big of a pot should I get? And should I really prune it?

I don't think the landlord would even know it was gone if I took it to the next house with me... 

 




 no idea. the woman who lived here before us was the landlords now deceased mother and she apparently did the yard. could be ancient. 




 The hanging basket was a gift and survived the winter... they perked right back up.

The thing (jade?) Bursting out of its pot was in the yard when I moved in. 









 ... but is it organic? o.O 









 I don't know where you are located - but shelters keep rabbits in pretty small cages and often rely on volunteers to get them out and let them run around some.

And rescues can always use hands or fosters. 




 hehehe - you have a pic of me in your album. Grats on winning one of the villas! Leith Petwerks donates so much every year - they are awesome. 

I was so happy it cooled off for the event this year. Out of curiosity - what are some of the things you thought were nicer? 

 




 She wasn't selling them and I don't know if she does or not. I don't even know her last name :-/ Commission someone who crochets/knits?  




 I bet you miss her. Our Leela is under 2 years old according to the vet (she is a rescue and we knew nothing about her - came in as a stray) so hopefully she will be sharing her adorableness with us for a long time to come! 




 Thanks! We keep her wings trimmed, but her flight feathers are blue and gorgeous when they are longer.  




 Sometimes she wants me to get the camera out of her face. Other times she does something cute for me. 

I say she because we named her/him Leela Beela. We actually have no clue what the real sex is. 




 Thanks - I think she's pretty, but then I'm biased 




