 If your into chicks, you will be crushing on Tomei for sure. 




 Call it "Lazarus". Focus on one families journey though the war. Older brother fights and serves in the uprising. Younger brother works the wormhole and becomes a pilot in the lazarus missions. A divide is struck in the family over whats a more pressing issue resembling the divide in the world.


 




 The Prestige. The ultimate revenge film 




 You have probaly heard of the actress but not the movie





My cousin vinny. Marisa Tomei 




 Remove the comforter. They have been test done to prove while the linen gets washed, rarely do the comforters. They can have as much as 30 different semens on them 




 Im glad you liked it. I was also thinking this for the oxygen situation but wasnt sure if i should add it. This is based on some documentary i watched that said there are things such as bacteria and viruses far out in space that we might not be aware of. Stating it is plausible an asteroid could carry such in its nooks and crannys.






Before the war, a decent size asteroid containing the blight hits earth. Not one nearly as massive as the one that killed the dinos but big enough to discombobulate the atmosphere. It lands somewhere on land, causing massive dust storms and causing detstruction to the atmosphere and oxygen. Then my theory would come a few years down the line after the blight is discovered. They also mention asteroids in the "Science of Interstellar" a documentary made during the filming, about being a possible reason for humans having to leave earth before the sun cuts out.

 




 Good point, im gonna edit this in 




 The prestige, and the theory behind the machine. Most are so convinced it works they fail to give the theory a fair shot. The movie is complicated enough but when you add the theory people tend to shut down. They view the theory with prejudged bias on what they have already made their mind up on. Alot of the issues that are brought up against the theory itself are not even related to the machine but with the movie regardless. For ex, people dont catch Caine is showing the Judge the box in the beginning. When he calls tesla a wizard this is during the Trial, and he is under the assumption Angier is dead and the trick is real. This is true regardless of the machine working.




After watching this movie close to 30 times, and knowing the movie better than anyone ever should im convinced this is the best kept secret in film. 




 The shining is filmed in a way you feel you are literally standing behind the characters. Every shot. Almost like you are another ghost of the hotel followingt he torrance family.



Not exactly what you asked but similar 




 Spoiler Alert. I think there is a fair amount of evidence to suggest there was a war before the events of the movie take place. It would seem the war was fought over resources that are becoming scarce due to the blight. Although the reason for the war and the starting point are not clear. Ill give my theory as to what i believed happen in this scenario although this is in no way Concrete, and I will end with the evidence in the movie which is.





At some point the blight takes form and starts to slowly do its inevitable damage. Starts to take out crops, lessen the air supply, and the ensuing data is not pretty. The worlds' powers try to respectfully communicate and try to work together for a solution. Intially, trying to save the world and its enviroment, and employing all resources to this solution.




At some point this happy family breaks down. Resistance inside the powers' meetings is small almost futile at first, eventually leading to all out war. Pandamonium is set loose and the common human is now worried about food and life. The war breaks out between the whole world, with the major powers splitting into teams. The fight is over resources and what policy(s) should be followed to protect such. Drones in the Usa are sent to protect and monitor the major crops. Around this time is when the wormhole is spotted, as said in the movie the wormhole was known about for 50 years at the time the movie takes place. Took about 40 years upon discovery to send the Lazarus missions.





As surviving the war became priority number 1, research to earths solution takes a back seat. Resources are not only affected by the blight but the lack of focus on them. Everything within reason is turned into to producing results for the war. Some point during the war the wormhole is discovered, but soon after Usa asks Nasa to drop a massive bomb from space(supported in the movie). Nasa refuses and gets shut down. Except for a small facility working on the wormhole.





Eventually the war and the vastly disappearing resources have wiped out enough people the only option left is for the majority to start producing food, ie farmers. There are not enough people to fight, and the blights' problem over time has become clearer. Food and crops need to be the main focus its our key to immediate survival. Focusing on the Usa, the vast population become farmers. Schools main focus are to lure the brightest minds in this field to have a higher production rate, and find a successful combatant food source to the blight. All the while Nasa knowing the Earth will have to be abandoned. While the vast majority of the public is not fed this idea.





10 years before the movie, the Lazarus mission takes place after 40 or so years of understaffed secretive research has been performed. At this point Dr Brand is fine tuning his Plan A. Eventually realizing this couldnt work but not wanting to deter people keeps Plan A as a possibility but focuses on Plan B. Once receiving data back a few years after the Lazarus missions have been sent, the training for Interstellar begins. Then before the team sets off for their new mission an unexpected visitor shows up with a small child.





A few things that support the idea of a war, but not nessecarily like i proposed it. I was just offering a theory to how. These hints do lye within the movie itself.





1)The drone in the early stages of the movie is treated like common place. They are excited to see it but not perplexed or scared by its presence. One could assume a vast amount of drones were deployed to protect the crops. And with a war that ended due to insanely high casualties and lack of resources the drones were not all properly taken down or accounted for.





2)The school trys to recruit Matthews' son as a farmer. Also the changing of the schools history book about the moon landing. This would suggest some major fall out with Russia and/or More likely part of a smear campain against Nasa, who refused to drop bombs.




3)Matthew takes his kids to a baseball game, offers the comment when i was younger we were too worried about fighting to play baseball.





4)Dr Brand while first visting with Matthew, confesses Nasa's refusal to drop a massive bomb which led to its being shutdown.





5)Matthew makes a comment aboard the space ship, its a crazy thought to think this ship could have been bullets.





6)Matthew refers to TARS in their first meeting as an ex marine robot. Also saying there is no need for robots like him anymore






7)Matthews' character is revered for his flying ability, much like that of a decorated war veteran. He even confirms he has never been out of the stratosphere but is highly regarded as a phonomenal pilot. He also handles himself well under Damons' attack. Also very much like a trained fighter he keeps his composure in intense moments and is willing to leave his family to do greater good.






Will add as i go and am open to suggestions. Lmk what you guys think





EDIT. Wow most sucessful post ive ever had, thanks for all the comments. Edited in 6 and 7 from suggestions made below 




 Then you should be able to see how being naked adds to the vuneralbilty of the character and intensity of the scene




But i now assume your comment was more comically driven 




 If you cant get over naked bodies thats quite childish, imo 




 If you can get over the nakedness, that scene is crazy. If you could put youself in viggos place at that moment its frightening. Every thing that could lend itself against you, does. Mutiple opponents, naked, no solid footing, no clear vision, no clear path to fight in, and all you have is a knife, man thats intense. 




 Lol. Scene is still badass, and it adds to the intensity, every element that would serve against you in a knife fight has been served to Viggo 




 I have seen the tool cover video before but I hadn't seen it in a long time. Impressive for seasoned musicians, impressive on another level considering their age  




 Https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eJFfnTkyj-g 



Should be able to find the other video, there are sitting right next to each other on a darkened stage, sipping wine. If you can't find that video Lmk. I'm on my xbox can't copy and paste so I have to do it manually but will if you can't find the rodrigo y Gabriella video 




 Eastern promises. A knife fight between trained killers on a wet surface and nothing on. One of the coolest most intense fights ever imo 




 Also check out Rodrigo y Gabriella doing a cover of stairway to heaven. Great epic piece of music, vastly different than the original. Just two acoustics. The chick who plays flamingo style also keeps percussion on the side of her guitar. It's quite amazing, and better than the original IMO.





Also if you play music at all or sing there are great backing tracks for your specific instrument where you can jam along and become inspired from. 




 Idk how to link but check out youtube video named " worlds first wireless midi for acoustic guitar -acpad"



Dude plays an acoustic adding percussion and effects to his song simultaneously from a pad placed over the guitar!!! It's amazing and very inspirational. Only complaint is it is too short, but it leaves a lot of room for imagination. 




Lmk if you watch either and what you think 




 I believe he has always been a student of mma or at least before he got to the UFC. He has a great personality and is a damn good announcer, that's reason enough right there.




Just for a little info on rogan, he is also an amazing stand up comedian. 




 What's manga?  




 Well said. I can appreciate your points on the movie 




 Yea I'm starting to think it's the plot more than anything. I love sci if, especially time travel, love action, and comedy is good but not my fav.  




 Yea, I can see your points here 




 It may be, but I think it's worth a try to find out.  




 Lol. I'm just trying to clarify to those who think I'm trying to change opinion or am making a big deal, I'm not I'm just trying to figure out what the draw of the movie is, that's all.




I don't see clarification as being defensive. Some people get the wrong idea on the purpose of a post, I was just trying to set my intentions straight.  




 Not you the other guy. The type of poster who trolls post for technicalities and rarely adds anything to the topic at hand  




 Not all movies just the boring ones. The only reason I went back to it that many times was because a lot of people really like it.  




 I didn't realize I was making a big deal of it 




 Sure. Can you not like a movie and want to find out why others do?  




 I'm not looking for a change just wondering why other people like it. 




 Wasn't back to back, I either fell asleep or lost interest. 




 Mohamed has the same significance in Islamic faith as Jesus does in the bible. That's all I'm saying  




 I don't get it. I've watched it about 5 times but only could finish it once. I like tom cruise but I just can't seem to get into this movie. What am I missing?  




 Reservoir dogs. The opening scene where they discuss Madonna and the art of tipping. Classic  




 Spoiler. Braveheart. When William Wallace realizes he's been betrayed by the kings son(I think his dad is the king) and his eyes fill with pain and tears and he cannot get up. He has to be pulled on to a horse and brought away from the ascending danger. To me that scene is very powerful and an extremely well acted scene by Mel Gibson.  




 You are an idiot. 









 They do believe in Jesus and Moses but they are not of the same importance as they are in the bible. Mohamed is basically there Jesus. 




The Islamic faith has had over 100,000 prophets maybe more, Jesus and Moses were just one of the many. Allah sent prophets to each people throughout history. Allah sent Mohamed as a proheptic messenger for all mankind not just a specific people. 



Your original premise might be right, I'm really not sure about that. I just wanted to clarify a bit. 




 I would bring up the 1000s of gods that have been forgotten over time. The 1000s of gods available to worship today. At some point everyone is atheist about 99.9% of the gods available. Why would your assesment be right? Atheist take just the extra step with the .1%. 




I also believe the geographical issue, where you are born will have an overwhelming effect on what religion you are brought into. This I feel is also a very strong point 




 I'm surprised the patriots are not in this category.  




 Of course he considers root, but when you add the machine and the mysterious tanks he cannot figure out what's going on. All Angier needs to do is confuse Borden enough to get him backstage, and Borden has no Scarlett to lead him to root this time. 




You have to see the similarity in Angier refusing to accept Scarlett telling him Borden is using a double. She produces some of his disguises and tells him she has seen the double. Angier refuses to believe this. Yes it's Borden doesn't use a double but a twin but it's the same principle, Angier refused to admit there were two he was convinced Borden was pulling off the trick somehow solo.  




 You are an idiot 




 Im sorry but you are mistaken. Borden and Angier are seen with Tesla together. They both go to Teslas showing of the Ac current months before Angier visits. We know Tesla exist and Borden confirms at the end that he sends Angier on a wild goose chase. Only the scenes narrarated by Angier to Borden are fabricated, there are both attempts to blind Borden. Borden gives Angier the diary and for all purposes sends him to tesla. He tells Angier tesla is the key to my diary but not the key to my trick, which leads Angier to tesla. 




Remember Angier gives Borden the diary. Borden gives Angier his diary. Both are tools of deceit. Even if the machine works, Borden doesnt know the tesla can build a machine like that. By sending him to tesla in his mind, he is sending him to a useless bloke. By bordens' own admission he sends Angier there on a wild goose chase. Bordens' diary is also useless, Tesla is the key but it doesnt contain anything useful. Angier gives Borden the diary to have him go to the grave thinking he sent him to the one man that lead to his demise. This also sets up Lord Caldlow a chance to show Borden he has his daughter and tear up his prestige . The diary also proves the man at the jail truly wants Borden secrets to allow the set up of Lord Caldlow appearace, this is narrated in an early scene. It was written for Borden and fabricated.




Two things, you believe Angier gives Borden a diary that could prove his innocence days before his execution? Then show up at the jail? Are we as the audience to believe Borden sends Angier to the one man that can produce a similar result to a twin? 




When Caine calls Tesla a wizard, remember he leaves Angier before the Tesla trip, he is showing the Judge how the trick works. This is during the trial of Borden. Caine is still under the impression the "magic" was real and Angier is dead. Its only after these events he finds Lord Caldlow and the Judge leads him there. Only then does Caine figure out Angiers' game, so he is being truthful at this point.I disagree with your nolan narration assesment but Caine for sure would fit there.



There are not alot of scenes im implying are fabricated. The timeline in the movie is quite hard to follow and i believe the heart of some of your misstatements. Caine also narrates over the hat shots twice "Are you watching closely. But you wont see. You want to be fooled. You want it to be real."




 




 That was a bonus for me 




 I feel I clearly touched on opinion in the thread itself. I can understand if this was a new thread, but my opinion is made quite clear in the discussion. 




 You are an idiot. Lol  




 1)No, he is there to identify the body. Why do you assume Caine thinks foul play. He is never let backstage during the new transported man. There is a scene when he gets scolded for trying to pry backstage. He is also fed the tesla story that Borden is, he believes Angier has found real magic. He believes Angier is being transported. He knows Angier didn't come out at the other end, caught Borden red handed and has a body, why would he be suspicious.



This point is there regardless of the machine working or not. Angier and Borden are caines friends, he mentors both. Caine taking in effect of Borden's daughter would never have participated in the trial, had he known what was going on.




2)This is true whether the machine works or not. Once Caine visits lord callow and finds Borden's daughter, he alerts Fallon because of angiers betrayal. 




3)again Angier had the money to pay root whatever to keep him happy knowing there was a limited show and he would be dealt with very soon. Again angiers motive is not to have a great magic show here, he only wants revenge on Borden. So hiring root if the magic was the motivation wouldn't make a lot of sense but he is only trying to frame Borden now.




Also I believe Scarlett Johnson is the one who leads Borden to root, Borden didn't find riot unassisted. 




4)well leaving roots body is what is risky. Caine had just been to his house and figured out his game. Requiring body's in the time frame the movie takes place is quite easy, medical reasons etc. considering caldlows immense wealth this is very plausible. 




Angier knows he has to rid of the tanks and warehouse. He buys root to tie up loose ends. How do you move a body across town? Well in the tanks you have purchased from angiers estate. So that's why he's in a tank. 




 The smell of a freshly cut lawn  




 1)Caine quickly looked at a decomposing body. He had no reason to expect foul play at that point. Not to mention he is quite old and looked down for a couple seconds at that. He believed Angier to be dead, no reason to go out of his way to really suspect the body wasn't there. He saw him drown and knew he didn't come out for the prestige that night. He is also Borden's friend and never would have participated in the trial had he known Borden was not guilty. Also the reason Caine leads Borden to Angier to get his revenge. 




2)it might have been another double but yes I believe it was root. Roots problem was money, that's what caused his downfall. Angier did not want to pay him a large salary forever as he was a small part of the act. But knowing he was going to kill him in a limited show it can be assumed this was fixed. Not to mention the months he spent with "tesla" and the time it took to build up the theater, quite reasonable to assume the issues were fixed.



Furthermore he only needed him to come out at the top of the balcony, for the whole show he just needed that. He wasn't depended on that much. He had a small role and would be dealt with in a small amount if time. It's also quite genius as everyone knew he used a double years before, but wouldn't suspect it at the trial given the way it ended. 





3)I have already adressed why he had to store the tanks. And we only see one clear body on purpose. This was root, who was recently placed in the tank which explains the very clear air bubble in this tank.



Angier has acquired root and plans to burn the whole place down ridding of any evidence. Angier rigs the place to burn not Borden. He simply intervenes kills Angier then finishes the job.  




 The rock. When cage has to use the needle on himself, edge of the seat every time. 




 Seven. Especially when I realized the seven sins was completed, I was blown way. Something I did not catch the first time though  




 Lol maybe...... 




 Lol. Common sense would be knowing asking a question is not the same thing as avoiding a question asked, was not referring to questionolgy. But you would have to have common sense in properly understanding a statement  




 That would seem like common sense 




 Asking questions and avoiding answering them are not the same 




 You like to avoid questions, don't you? 




 Why is the moon smiling?  




 Fuck society  




 300 rise of an empire 




Edit. Really, why all the hate on 300? I thought this was a badass movie  




 Lol. You clearly don't know the difference between an argument and a debate. Have fun with your boring ass under subscribed subbreddit and stop messaging me unless you want to address your contradictions  




 Django unchained. Sure a slave could rise up but rise up with the help of a German dentist turned bounty hunter, only in a movie  




 Gravity, a good movie bad writing




Rounders a bad movie good writing  




 The prestige and the theory behind the machine  




 They have been pointed out already, again. Lol  




 Makes sense. Although it's crazy to think about now as it's clear Bree's has surpassed flutie at a staggering pace  




 Exactly, contradictions have been pointed out and lye in your statements , it's quite clear to a reasonable person but as you have conceded on one occasion already you most likely will not again but your statements are there contradicting themselves whether you have the courage to adress them or not 




 Glad to see you agree it's a boring thread 




 Have you been deleting the messages too.....? 




 I have named several  




 But you clearly as a mod have nothing to do in this boring thread lol. Point made  




 The more you type the more you contradict lol 




 My commenting has nothing to do with this subbreddit, as we are not talking about anything other than your cleAr unaddressed contradictions. Seriously how old are you?




Furthermore clear evidence you have nothing else to do in this boring ass subbreddit lol 




 That's what I figured, and that would imply they would have the upper hand. It most likely not have good implications for us  




 1)it would be a family member who is outside of the household and separate from the accusers



2)like I said a reasonable claim would have to be made. Any one to claim abuse like the spouse, child themselves, teacher, etc or anyone who comes into contact with the child will be taken seriously. But like a person claiming telepathic powers,etc might not. I'm sure once called an investigation takes place. 




 You have said college and again contradict the side bar lol  




 I read it before but it's not very clear to what falls under its suitable topics. But seeing the low amount of subscribers and the biggest dick of a mod I've ever come across it's pretty clear this sub is very unclear boring and a subreddit to be ignored  




 True. Good point, I'm assuming this topic is referring to a recent contact which would basically mean they come here, for now.  




 I can rip badass "mamajammers" on the guitar 




 A scenario much like columbus landing on North america would take place except we would be the indians 




 1)the kid either goes to live with a suitable family member or a temp foster family




2)Sure. But there has to be proof or some reasonable assumption. I cant call child abuse for having a dream it was gonna happen, or to someone living 2 states away i dont know or ever contacted, wtc




3)Yes you can be fined vast sums of money and get jailtime 




 All right avoid the issues  




 I figured that you arent making alot of sense or addressing my points specifically 




 The side bar also state philosophical debates are highly recommended btw 




 The website the only helpful thing you have said. Is it highschool or college? 




 Like i said i tried to rephrase it. No reason to be a dick, i made another attempt to be undert he rules not to undermine you






Ohhhhhhhh no a ban!!!!!!!!!!! 




 Yes the hat scenes are fabricated from angiers diary and the clones scene is narrated and fabricated just like the diary scenes. Its essentially what the whole movie is about. Lying to the audience.




There are not transporting anything, the gun doesnt shoot real bullets, the birds do not disappear and come back, etc. The whole movie is about lying to the audience to mask the real trick.





Take the opening with the hat scene, micheal caine narrarates "Are you watching closely? But you wont see. You want to be fooled. You want it to be real" 




 I tried to pose the debate a little differently.




How are you distinguishing from me trying to start a debate and you impling im starting an argument? 




 Read that thread i told you about. Ill elaborate more with you there. It will explain the tanks and how the trick was done. 









 Im debating morals starting point, not nessicarliy religion. But since that is the common assumption i start there.




Why is this topic not suitable? 









 I've just posted a detailed explanation in /r/fantheories. You can find it by clicking my name, clck submitted at the top center, and should be the first one there. Let me know what you think 




 Will start with this, the machine not working is not suppose to be obvious. It is like the magic tricks in the movie, the trick is not easy to spot, it's difficulty leads you to believe its real. The trick is there to fool the audiences into believing the trick is real. The machine not working is the ultimate trick. The film alludes to there being no real magic many times, it's dedication and sacrifice that makes a true magic trick. What shows more dedication and sacrifice then dedicating the movie to actually masking this trick properly and sacrificing the real story of the movie by masking it inside a trick.



The prestige is a great movie. Some of the previous submitted theories miss a few points and a couple just posed questions. I'm going to submit the details behind how the trick was done with a double. There are before and after aspects of the theory but I will leave that to the discussion below, because this thread will be too long. And those aspects can easily be explained below with back and forth dialogue.





Will start the theory with the diaries, specifically angiers diary. Angier gives Borden who is sent to death, and will die in a short amount of time a fabricated diary. As is stated in the last sentence of the diary, which Borden reads aloud as he gets to the end. The tesla visits are fabricated, the whole point of the diary is to prove to Borden Angiers help sent to the prison has indeed bought angiers estate and wants to buy his secret. This set ups angiers visit to Borden as lord callow to torture him one last time by tearing up his prestige and to show he has his daughter. This also gives clear motive for Angier in his dying speech to lie as a dying man as he has lied already been proven to lie to a dying man. 




So Borden does have a twin, tesla is real, angiers visits are fabricated from the diary and his ending speech being as such. Upon Angier capturing Fallon and receiving the key to Borden's diary(tesla) is where I will start. Angier visits Tesla finding out there is no answer to Borden's secret( Angiers original motive), and tesla has no "magic". So he begins to come up with away to frame Borden, not just kill him, but ruin his reputation and acquire custody of his daughter. He uses the fact Borden has sent him to tesla, to begin his frame up. He uses a useless tesla machine to add flair to an old trick, and spark interest in Borden. Angier also needs "real magic" to obtain a theater, no simple trick will do, as Borden hs already ruined his reputation. He uses a double to pull off his trick, with the illusion of being transported. He doesn't drown his double every night just the night of the murder. To ensure Borden will be confused he uses the element of mysterious tanks being transported from the theater every night, otherwise Borden will easily see he is using a double but with the mysterious tanks he sparks enough interest from Borden to want to see backstage, as this is vital for the frame up to work.







Angier is the pledge and turn and root(or other double if you prefer) is the prestige, ie on the balcony. Angiers motive at this point is no longer magic or the applause it's simply to frame borden. Borden makes multiple appearances at the show wearing a disguise. Angier needs to spot and identify this disguise in order to carry on with the frame up, which is why he doesn't do the frame up the first night he enters the theater, and eventually Angier does discover Borden. Knowing his routine and the fact he will come again because he hasn't been picked to view the machine or backstage, he sets the frame up. Seeing Borden enter the theater he tells his assistant to pick Borden out of the crowd that night, also telling root he will be the pledge and turn for the transported man ( not the other tricks) on this night. As Borden is being picked from the crowd, Angier and root switch, the frame up plays out Angier flees the theater. 




At the end Angier continues his lie because Borden has two elements to critize angreir on. Theses two elements are the most important to Borden and this is what makes him the better magician. Crowd applause and sacrifice. In angiers trick he has none of these elements. So as he is dying he must convince Borden he has these two elements. He lies about killing the clones(sacrifice) and he lies about taking the applause, trying to convince Borden before he dies he is the better magician. This is the jist will elaborate further on the end scene and the like upon the discussion beginning. 




 Again, leave stuff out but dont write a new story and ending. You can stay true to the key themes and not diveate as much as was done. If you cant figure how to condense the story properly dont call it monte cristo, hence why it was a bad movie that deserves a remake.



You say there are many stories to be told in the book. Exactly my point there is too much material in this book to add your own plot. How does having too much material justify adding your own material?




Take the sword fight i like btw. Edmund doesnt kill him like that he forces him to commit suicide. But being on a time budget this change makes sense. Its not the same but the Result is. I can like and understand changes need to be made liie this but not ones where the result is not the same or ones made to retell the plot




Alot of the changes i mentioned take time away to add fabricated parts instead of using this time to focus on a proper portrayal of the plot. 




The movie is decent if it were not called monte cristo. But it is it and does a retelling hatchet job to the story. Its a classic for a reason. Hence this is a poor telling of the classic and needs a proper remake. I think david fincher would be great fort his





BTW, i think the main theme is Dantes learning at the end his revenge was wrong. He should not have acted as providence, the actual count of the mountain of christ(monte cristo). God will judge them and he shouldnt have. Given forgiveness and religious themes the biggest in the story imo, just another tragedy of this terrible intrepertation 




 I cant tell if thats genuine or sarcastic 




 The movie changes the pplot doesnt just leave stuff out. And the movie does not have favorable reveiws. 




 I disagree. All the changes being made they could have changed the characters names and it could have been called a different movie. The only change that was reasonable was the sword fight.



Way more changes btw, edmund never meets napoleon, he doesnt kill the warden, no beach fight, the whole second half of the movie was fabricated.




When i watch a movie about a classic i expect some things to be left out but not a new story 




 That is a double, root which he sets up. There are no clones. He uses and trains his double for the new transported man while he spends months with "tesla". To explain would take more detail but view the scenes get back to me





Also notice micheal caine narrating the start of the movie over the shot of the hats, he says something like "Are you watching closely? But you wont see. You want to be fooled. You want it to be real." 




 There is a bunch. Starts really at the beginning when Borden receives the diary. Like the first 10 mins. Also once you realize this, you uncover Angiers motives whitch will come into play later 




 The scenes you speak of are told through Angiers diary which was written to deceive Borden 




 So i cant give examples from the bible, without being accused of saying it represents the whole bible?




Im asking you specifically on today understanding Gods will.




I know little of the calvanist but thats hardly answering the question. 




 When i talk to christians about why god let the holocaust happen or natural diasters or letting the devil live, etc they say well thats gods will and we cannot understand his will. Also have been a christian for many years




This is common place, not only will you hear this from everyday christians, you hear it in the church, you see it in documentaries, film, etc. 




 I never said anywhere it was the whole word of god. 




There is more, im trying to deal with one example at a time, as you clearly said gods word couldnt be understood easily. So i brought up the most obvious example of the word being clearly understood easily



Again please explain his will and your stance 




 Is the ten commandments not the word of god?




I refer to the bible in the description, thats pretty clear. 




