 Wait, do they really grow rice in California? That's insane. That cannot be true. 




 http://quoteinvestigator.com/2011/10/20/last-tree-cut/ 




 It's not just California. The fastest growing urban areas in the US are all in the Southwest. That's why the drought is so bad, in a nutshell.

(Well, that and climate change and drilling and agriculture.) 




 Is it possible to put in a graywater system quickly? That should cut your water usage. 














 LOL. I hope you love 'em as much as I do - I'd hate to have steered you wrong here. 















































































 YOU ARE MISSING OUT.

Seriously, the expression on his face as he eats it is the same as the one on my face when blintzes are half price at the supermarket! (And those aren't even really *good* blintzes!) 




 You can get them in the freezer aisle in a box of 6 for $3. 




 Oh, man, you've never had? Okay, get some applesauce and some sour cream to eat with them. Gonna buy them frozen or try your hand at making them? (I've never made them myself - scared to!) 




 Blintzes are delish, aren't they? 




 Looked like a blueberry blintz to me. 




 In the late 60s.

Well, let's look at the crime stats. These are national - your own area may be more or less safe than this.

http://www.disastercenter.com/crime/uscrime.htm

In 1969 there were 7.3 rapes and 18.5 "forcible rapes" for every 100,000 people. In 2013 the numbers were 4.5 and 25.2, respectively - and there's some serious evidence to suggest that rapes haven't increased, but reporting has. (Certainly, the FBI numbers on rape will start to change now that they count rapes of males instead of just of females.)

In some areas, the numbers are slightly higher than they were in 1969. However, they show a marked decrease from the highs in the 1980s and 90s. 

The truth is that the US has been experiencing a decrease in crime for the past decade and a half by now. There are many ideas for why this might be. Me, I favor the lead hypothesis - an increase in leaded gasoline caused low levels of led poisoning in crowded urban areas, which cased an increase in violent crime 20 years down the line, and when we removed lead from gasoline we saw a corresponding decrease 20 years after that. 




 And it's funnier if she doesn't. 




 And then JKR is going "Oh, that's just, you know, innocent stuff!"

Like when you're 12 and realize that ANOTHER word that "starts with f and ends with uck" is "firetruck" and insist on making that joke all the time because, after all, it's "not dirty!" 




 You know, clean? So it doesn't smell bad when you, you know, fuck it? And it's "horn-y"? 









 Bread, a centrum, and also your entire daily dose of sugar in one serving. 









 Yes, good point. 




 Well, the stereotype of rural types is that they, um, screw their livestock. Aberforth keeps goats, so.... 




 Maybe, but wouldn't that take some time to set in, much like the peroxide look? 




 Probably because you're utterly wrong. The average age for marriage in the middle ages in Europe was in the early 20s for both men and women. That's the number that's *everywhere*.

Aristocratic families often married earlier... but they didn't consummate their marriages right away, so it's a moot point. 




 Oh gosh, yeah. The movie was great!  




 Simply "struggling to speak in social situations" isn't autism, it's social anxiety.

Mind, social anxiety is common among autistics (and it's about 50/50 the disabling attitudes of society - being bullied for 12+ years of schooling will do that to a person), but they're not the same thing. 




 Now that you're better, feed yourself and not the troll. 




 Okay, I ask again - do you have a *source* for that? 
































































 Ah, well, don't let me harsh your squee. If you love it, more power to you :) 




 How/why would they *lose* blood?  




 Aaaaaaand then she skipped merrily away from the cop shop and into her DOOM on the advice of a *text message*. Didn't even call up to confirm that the guy on the other end really was who she thought. 




   Season 2 of Veronica Mars is one of my favorite season of any show.

Too bad Season 3 blew it. 




 He's fighting the good fight, him against the world! (I've never been so tempted to cram the word "whilst" into a sentence in my life omg.) 




 Well, I do know that our knowledge of how to treat autistics has improved.

 All I know is that the first one was in much worse shape than the third one.

And there could be many possible causes for this, yet you concluded there was exactly one cause and you knew what it was. 




 Definitely the latter. 




 And it all started at the same age for each of them? And in the 14 years between the first child and the third, therapies didn't improve at all? 




 And did none of them have any treatment or therapy? 




 It's both. 




 Mostly in wealthier areas, where the cops have loads of free time and the neighbors can spend hours sitting at their windows waiting to call them. 




 Geez that's a long-ass trip. 




 When were you a kid? 




  Putting a 10 year old in charge of a 6 year old is definitely neglect.

You can babysit - like an actual infant - at 12 in nearly all jurisdictions. Why not watch your own sibling at 10? 




 From dusk to dawn? Were you vampires? 




 Yeah, it was looked at. Google "refrigerator mother". It's no longer being looked at because all the evidence shows that it's utter bullshit. We don't need to retread old ground here, that hypothesis is as dead and buried as the MMR hypothesis. 




 Interesting that you didn't even think of /r/autism :) 




 Thanks :) 




  Haven't humans traditionally had their first children as teenagers in most cultures?

I don't know, HAS this been the case?

 It seems like I see a lot more children diagnosed with it now days.

That's because you do. However, an increase in diagnosis is not the same as an increase in incidence. 




 To paternal age, and to the age of the paternal grandfather. 




 Your comment is predicated on the false idea that autism is primarily a *social* disorder. 




 The diagnostic criteria for autism changed, significantly, between the DSM-3 and the DSM-4. That's all. If you use the modern criteria and look at adults, you find the same rates among adults as you do among children, it's just that many autistics 20 years ago either got NO diagnosis or got an inappropriate diagnosis such as "mental retardation" or "childhood schizophrenia". 




 Is that the only thing different? Or did she, perhaps, have her children diagnosed earlier each time around, and get them therapy and assistance sooner than their next older sibling had? And that therapy and assistance, over 14 years, was bound to be better as we know more than we did then. 




 Yes, that hypothesis was brought up in the article. 




 You think that "lacking male role models" leads children to have speech delays? Or to be unable to wear clothing with tags or to be unable to be in a room with blinking lights?
 




 How do you know none of their kids are autistic? 




 It's not completely random, in fact. We know already that autism is highly hereditary. 




 Almost certainly, but we don't know that from a single family.

That single family, for example, could have all been exposed to something in utero, or it could just be a freak coincidence. 




 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DSM-5

Indeed, they do diagnose it as ASD nowadays. 




 You're not going to be able to get an Asperger's diagnosis. It's not in the DSM anymore. 




 Yes, and I know a guy who says the secret to living to be 95 like him is to drink like a fish, smoke like a chimney, and never wear a seatbelt.

I'm not taking his advice. 




  So does that mean that in the medieval era where the average bride was like 16 and the groom was like 50 there were higher risk of autism?

Do you have a source for this factoid? 




 No, actually, not only is it not lower in the UK but studies conducted in the UK show that numbers of adult autistics mirror those of young autistics.

However, when you were a child, more "low functioning" autistics were more likely to be institutionalized or at least taught separately and more "high functioning" autistics frequently didn't get a diagnosis of any sort. 




 Yeah, but no. Wakefield didn't have any statistics, he made up the numbers from whole cloth. 




 It is extraordinarily unlikely that at this point autism (discounting Fragile X) will be found to be caused by a single gene. Evidence is pointing to autism, like height, being a multi-gene trait.

 I once worked teaching Autistic kids and most of the parents seemed pretty... uh... off.

Kanner made that same observation, and came to the same conclusion.  




 What does "correct for multiple testing" mean, if you don't mind explaining? 




  Calling everyone an "actor" doesn't sound inherently male, because Actor/Actress isn't Male/Female, it's Vague/Female.

I don't know about that. I wouldn't be surprised to find that some people do find "actor" an inherently male word - not a "vague" word. 




 My mother tells me the story of her first catechism class (which apparently is the initial root of her eventual departure from Catholicism) where the earnest nun told a room full of Puerto Ricans, Italians, and one Walloon girl (my mother), all of whom were bilingual, that history was from "his story".

She was six years old, sitting there looking at the other classmates thinking "No it is NOT", but she didn't know how to tell Sister Whoever!

Folk etymologies are actually really fascinating sometimes. That's what I tell myself, anyway :) 




 Many people think that. Some of them argue quite vehemently when you point out that they're incorrect. "I heard it from a guy and it's just common sense" always seems to trump "historical evidence" in their minds.

 




 Oh god, he *is*. I don't want to ever see him taken out! 




 Boy, it sure would be nice if we had some grenades, don't you think?

OH LOOK HE HAD SOME GRENADES. 




 A cure he was in control of. This ain't it. 




 Let's see how *you* react when your ex-fiancee, who has been lying to you for months, turns you into a zombie without your consent despite knowing you hate them.

He didn't even have a chance to process. 




 Thanks :) 




  
 
 
 
 First the hooded hostage, and then she doesn't even have the decency to tell Major "Hey Ravi is working on a cure, so we just need to be patient and wait and keep eating dead people brains for a little while and everything will be alright."

That would mean fessing up that Ravi's been lying to him as well.

 Holy shit, suddenly everyone thinks only you can save your brother, yet only you know that you CANT. How is she going to explain that she can't give her blood?

Fess up that she has contracted the sort of disease that prevents you from donating blood. She hasn't told anybody because she wanted to handle it herself. She doesn't have to state that it's Zombieism. She could easily hint it's HIV, that can linger in the body for ages (especially with treatment) before it manifests as AIDS. There are other disease that preclude donation, such as hepatitis or TB, but her mother would probably recognize that she doesn't have those symptoms. 




 Except they have some leeway between healthy and raging. How many zombies can there even be in Seattle? If most of them are wealthy, as Blaine preferred, then they could easily simply decamp to other cities, one or two zombies per city, and make use of local morgues.

This would involve getting their own hands dirty, which I'm sure they wouldn't like, but I doubt many of them would really prefer to go on a rampage. 




 The freezer that's been bombed and has a broken window, that the cops will be swarming all over in a few hours? 




 Does eating zombie brains actually work?

Plus, this eating brains thing isn't like google. 




 Major is, indeed, dumb as a box of rocks, but his heart is in the right place even when his head isn't. 





























 I got an abortion last month, and I *wasn't even pregnant*! It was fun!

/sarcasm 




 Ditto, except I'm pretty sure this afflicts NT teens as well. Not the literalism per se, but the literal-minded grammar snob behavior. 









































































































































































 That must have been quite a while ago. The earth's population as of 2013 was ~7.125 billion. We hit the 7 billion mark sometime in the middle of 2011.

I find it hard to accept too. 




 A culture without money isn't unworkable. Certainly, such cultures have existed.

The Federation *as written* doesn't seem to work very well without money, probably because the writers simply tranplanted American culture and said "oh, yeah, but no money!" rather than planning out how it functions. 




 I learned something new today. I'd thought "meteor" referred to the whatever-it-is before it falls, and was about to out-pedant the pedant, but apparently:

 Most of us probably have seen meteors or shooting stars. A meteor is the flash of light that we see in the night sky when a small chunk of interplanetary debris burns up as it passes through our atmosphere. "Meteor" refers to the flash of light caused by the debris, not the debris itself. 

http://hubblesite.org/reference_desk/faq/answer.php.id=22 cat=solarsystem

So I learned something new! And also, meteors aren't the things that are falling, although I'm never, ever going to say that again. When is that ever going to be helpful to a conversation? 







































 Perhaps they should be. 




 It's not political correctness. It's *manners*. 




 If that makes you happy, why not? 




 So? We're not talking about math. We're talking about interactions with human beings. The kind path is *always* the correct one.

And I happen to like squirrels. Cute little things! I mean, they're territorial as fuck, and they're not as vegetarian as people believe, but they're clever. 




 You're not asking questions in good faith, you're JAQ-ing off. 




 Strangely, not. While we don't know exactly what percentage of the population has mosaicism, some studies show that it's more common among transgender individuals - they literally have some cells xx and some xy. 

And there are a surprising number of people out there who present externally as female but are xy. Nobody does a gene test before naming the baby. They just glance at the body and move on.

Not to mention the fact that there are some differences in brain structure from male to female, and transgender individuals have brain structures more like the "opposite" sex than their assigned gender. 

Science shows us that transgender is based on real, provable things.

Regardless, I fail to see how your argument has merit. Let's say they were absolutely making things up. Does it harm you to say "she" instead of "he"? Of course not! So why spend over an hour on reddit commenting about it? 




 Science actually doesn't have an opinion, which is good, because science shows that a surprising number of people with external genitalia that appears to be female are male, and that there are a large number of people with two sets of genes in their bodies. We're only just now finding out how common mosaicism is, and the answer to that is "more than we thought". 




 Mmm. Transgender acceptance is lifesaving, literally. Transition is the accepted treatment for gender identity dysphoria, and is associated with a reduction in suicide and all sorts of other bad things. 




  People can believe whatever they want to do. It just doesn't make it true.

Indeed. You, for example, believe that somebody's genetic makeup is more important than their self-identification. You believe that something you say you don't care about is more important than good manners. You believe that this sort of argument is more important than other people's happiness and general well-being.

I believe you're a nitwit. One of the two of us is right in our beliefs. It's not you 




 Look, if you came up to me and said "squeek squeek I'm a squirrel", all I'd say is "You want a peanut?"

This is not the hill I'm willing to die on. If somebody tells me they're a man or a woman, it's a lot easier - and certainly more polite - to just go "yup, okay" than to argue with them. Because they care and *I don't*. So why not go with the flow? It's not important to me, after all.

Edit: Peanuts and sunflower seeds are not good for squirrels. Do not give peanuts to squirrels. Excessive consumption of peanuts is linked to bone deformities in squirrels. If you want to feed the squirrels, tree nuts are a better choice, along with lentils, seeds, and dried corn in moderation. Some fresh fruit will also not go amiss. I use the term simply because it is more euphonious than "You want some pecans and maybe a small amount of lentils?" 




 And why do you care? Seriously, if I decide to call myself Emperor of New York, so long as I don't levy taxes what business is it to you? 




 So it does bother you. It bothers you enough that you would rather call somebody by the pronoun you've decided is correct rather than the one they prefer. 




 Surgery is not a common option. For one thing, it's apparently not terribly effective, and for another you can't exactly show it off like a tattoo. It doesn't accomplish her primary objective, which is to have the general public see her as a female rather than a male. Nobody does that by ordering folks to drop trou, they just eyeball it. 




 *You may call him crazy to discredit his comments but you can't deny his forthright conveyance. *

And when the drunk on the corner starts ranting about how 9/11 was an inside job by the Swiss, should I respect him as well for his "forthright conveyance"? 




 Not really. Our opinions are formed by a lot of factors. Ethnicity/religion is just one of them. 




 If being Jewish made you rich, Kiryas Joel wouldn't have the highest poverty rate in the US. 




 They're Jews, not Borg. They don't have a hive mind. 




 Could it be Sea of Trolls? 





























 It wouldn't do for us to get confused about which show we're watching when. 




 Or an entire species dies and everybody just lets it happen. 




 He had a number of traits that, in real life, are red flags for a potentially abusive partner. 




 Reddit code is a little opaque. If you click the link that says "formatting help" on the right, directly under your comment, it gives you a cheat sheet without causing you to lose what you were typing.

(It took me an embarrassingly long time to see that when I first started commenting, and I still can never remember how to do links.) 




 You use your own best judgment. By the later series of Star Trek, the Prime Directive had become a crutch so that Star Fleet could wash its hands of having to use *any* judgment at all. "Too bad, so sad, prime directive!" It's morally equivalent to using "zero tolerance" to expel kids for playing tag. 




 And yet, in a way they revisited the idea later when Tuvok was in that accident that wiped his memories and skills. When the Doctor found a cure, that Tuvok wasn't 100% behind losing his *new* personality and going back to the way he had been either.

And nobody ever mentions this episode, as near as I can tell. Well, that Tuvok was slightly more willing to go with the procedure than Tuvix had been. Why the heck did Voyager do the same plot twice with the same character? 




 They were already dead, like this horse we're beating. 




 Somewhere before you cure cancer for everybody, but after you save a species that otherwise would be completely doomed, to the last child. 




 "If we screw this up, those people might become... *religious*". (Not an actual quote, but man, that's the vibe I get sometimes from Federation humans. Religion, it's like some embarrassing disease that everybody else has to pretend doesn't make you stinky.)

Okay, Rodenberry, I get that you're an atheist. I'm an atheist. We're all atheists... or we will be in the future, anyway (I'm actually an atheist today and have been my whole life). Atheism is awesome! But can you stop being a snotty *jerk* about it? Sheesh.

(Of course, I find it hard to believe that humanity just tossed religion en masse. I just can't see it.) 




 To make italics on reddit, you have to surround the word or phrase you want italicized with asterisks. 




 In real life, of course, I'd always advise you to date Duncan over Logan. In fictionville, I want my couples to be as *miserable as possible*. 




 Just remember me when 




 On the one hand, you have to feel sorry for Sebastian. He ate his Aunt Edna, and he was clearly *really* broken up about it.

On the *other* hand, dude could stand to develop some introspection. Liv didn't do this to you, YOU did this to you with your creepy blood licking, you jerkface! Contract killing is one thing, but that is just *gross*.

Well, I don't suppose it's a profession that benefits from too much naval gazing.

Also: Band chick is an idiot. Irredeemably stupid.

Also: Major is also an idiot. Irredeemably stupid. Cute, and sweet, and dumber than the proverbial box of rocks. I'm not sure cute and sweet is enough to explain why Liv hooked up with him in the first place. Is he, like, really great in the sack?

Also also: Clive isn't stupid. He's going to figure out that something's up, sooner or later. 




 One ep, I think - the promo calls next week the finale. 




 Plus, by rendering those two planets uninhabitable by their respective enemies, Sisko effectively removed them from the gameboard. The relocated Federation colony was guaranteed not to be troubled by Cardassians again, and I bet even the Dominion left them more or less alone (at least when they were playing at being friends with Cardassia.)

Likewise, their Cardassian counterparts had no fear of reprisals by the Maquis for anything Cardassia did. 




 More disastrous than genocide??? 




 The explosion of the Romulan sun. Definitely, 100% tied up with that, unless we declare all of Enterprise out of continuity with New Trek. 









  The first mass vaccination by the way brought about the spanish flu after WW1...they used to call it the vaccine disease back then.

Citation? 




 I actually know somebody who got measles three times. Didn't stick. Natural immunity is not as foolproof as you believe. The only way to know if you are still immune to measles is to get your titers checked. 




 As a *person*, he's great. As a *character*...? No fault of his, nor the actor, but the writers never bothered to do much with him other than set him up with every not available chick in the Delta Quadrant. 




 Incorrect. They could go and have their titers checked at the doctor, and then selectively have a booster shot of any disease they are no longer immune to. 




 A dozen comments down the line and *now* you don't want to "pollute star trek"? C'mon! Star Trek is all *about* modern day social issues and heavy handed messages. You can't pollute it with more of the same! 




 You know, I never got that episode. I mean, if you accept the premises it's a great ep, but the premises don't make any sense.

Crazy cult leader talks about how "we have more supporters than you think", and indeed, *somebody* (who didn't deign to travel with them) invented that device. (And a different group of people with broadly similar aims sabotaged Risa that time - really, I'd love to have seen Star Trek tackle its malcontents more.)

There must be billions and billions of humans in the Federation, and god knows how many other biologically compatible (you know, fertility-wise) species. Even if her actual number of supporters was a ludicrously low percentage, she surely could have gotten actual *volunteers* to live in her low-tech colony in the boondocks. Even if they couldn't get an official Federation charter, they could've still "crashed" the ship in the usual way, except they all would have been more prepared for roughing it.

Even for a crazy cult leader with delusions of grandeur, she certainly doesn't seem to have approached this logically. 




