 It's nice to see Austin hasn't changed much. lol 




 how is someone (sort of) an animal murderer?

seems like the poor boy needs help :( 




 LOL I had chipmunk christmas and some kind of snap crackle pop rice krispies promotional album
both of which I played over and over and over again 




 I like that they never play the same thing twice. 




 it seems to me they just play the same 3 songs over and over.
I heard one song and then changed the station and the exact same song was playing on TWO different stations. :( 




 Thank god I'm not the only fucker cursed to dye since my early teenage years. It's either that or yank them 




 for real West Virginia is my home state but honestly the first thing I'd do if I won the lottery? Move the hell out of West Virginia. 




 haha smooth ;) 




 I was guessing it had something to do with marriage? but honestly have no idea 




 I keep seeing this bumper sticker. It is a white oval with 21+1 on it in black ink. And I know it has some .org website url at the bottom of it but my hubsand drove away too fast for me to see the damn thing. This is the second time I've seen it and I want to know what exactly it means. I tried google but it's bringing up absolutely nothing relevant. Thanks! 




 omg I have always wanted a ragdoll! they are very sweet and tend to "flop" around on their backs which is why the breed got the name 




 dhc cleansing oil is awesome. 




 gah I shaved mine completely off. and drew them back in.
it looked awful. 




 So sorry for that poor little kid :(
It probably broke his/her heart 




 That's devious. I like it. 




 I tried buying some lactose free cat milk from petsmart but my cats turn their noses up at it 




 I am one of those people who feels weird making someone else bag my groceries, I know it's your job but I like to help or do it myself. Of course it's not because I'm in a hurry I just don't like people having to wait on me hand and foot. 




 ugh at what point can you say fuck it, bag it yourself, psycho? 




 Bread and eggs get their own bag and I take that bag in the car with me unlike the rest of the groceries which go in the trunk.  Because otherwise cat litter/food or soda will squish the fuck out of them by rolling around in the back 




 I do when I am having a bad day, am in back pain, etc 




 Why would you buy a plant of something NOT knowing whether or not you like it? 




 Yes, the fax machine is magic and it eats your paper and then spits it out somewhere across the country 




 you want the $1.00 off? buy the $1 off pack.
asshole 




 because customers never lie.  




 oh no they left, now I can leave on time! whatever shall I do 




 if she REALLY NEEDED that cooker than she would have accepted the delivery. 




 I always want to lock them in. Sorry I'm leaving but I have to lock the doors so.... bye 









 safeword 




 I think you rinse cleanser off with it or use it as toner 




 Sorry but it seems like you'll be better off rather than having to find out years down the road

 :( 




 Uh I would say do it slowly and gradually. I have never experienced anything worse than cold turkey effexor withdrawals. 




 could he be hearing things? 




 Gizmo 




 Also while most cats generally LIKE milk, most cats are lactose intolerant. So the milk will probably give him diarhhea.
 




 Leave cat food out regularly. Eventually he will get used to your presence and let you get closer to him. Assuming he is not feral he will start to trust you and eventually let you pet him.  I have had several neighborhood cats decide to "move in" in this fashion.

Just wanted to add this process may take weeks or even months so don't worry if it doesn't happen right away 




 I met mine on livejournal. 




 My husband does stuff around the house. I didn't have a problem cleaning when I was unemployed, but he has always done all the cooking so I  have always cleaned up after dinner and washed dishes. I figured that was fair 50/50. 

But recently I have started working, so since I am cleaning all day at work, I don't really want to clean when I get home, too. So he will usually wash dishes and do cat litter and make the bed on the days I work, and I will do it on my days off as well as catch up on doing any other general house cleaning that needs done (vacuuming, mopping, laundry, cleaning the bathroom)


ALSO just wanted to add that sometimes I have to rewash the dishes since he doesn't always wash the bottom of plates or get all the grease off, etc. so you are not alone. lol

I don't think it's unrealistic to expect men to do their fair share. If they were living alone they would have to do it anyway. Also if  their wife/girlfriend is sick or just had surgery, they should know how to do it.  I just had surgery and couldn't do anything for two weeks. 
If it was up to him he would probably let stuff pile up but I am slightly ocd when it comes to cleaning standards. 




 Damn :( 




 I love dsw. But mostly I'm lazy and buy online 




 So confusing! 




 Congratulations!
You are a dick.
Here's your prize *hands overzealous customer a half-eaten sandwich* 




 lol I will move the sign but somehow manage to not read it 




 I don't get it either. On my day off I am sleeping in. I haven't even had coffee at 7:45. I am still not dressed. And yet these people set their alarms for 5 and are up and ready because SHOE SHOPPING.  




 is there any way you can go on vacation or something for a week or two? 




 hmmm I'm going to guess this would make you shit? 




 no no no 
you are either together 100% and having sex or
you are broken up and not having contact.
he is taking advantage of the free sex imo 




 lukewarm coffee is the worst. 




 oh well in that case I have no idea what went wrong lol 




 the coffee machine is off. the power is off. your coffee will be cold. GO AWAY 




 *I MUST BUY SHOES AT 7:59 AM*

BRAINS 




 Working retail has convinced me that people can't/don't read signs. Park here? Oh ok I'll park way the hell over here where I'm not supposed to.

Wet floor? bathroom out of order? well I'll just move the sign out of the way and go pee anyway. 




 ("Well can I get chocolate? NO!? NOT EVEN CHOCOLATE SHAKES!?!? Well... how about vanilla? WHAAAT!?")


When the shake machine is down that means ALL flavors.

=0
Yes, even strawberry. 









 my mom used to do that all the time. I tried explaining it's bad but she swears by it 




 would a kid drink black coffee? As a full grown adult I still won't drink coffee black 




 Accio espwesso! 




 I so would have fake died 




 oh man I hated the taste of coffee until I was like 16 




 baby bottles full of mountain dew. 
and they wonder why their teeth are fucked up by the time they are 3.... 




 ok well I am an adult and I want to make a wand/get a stuffed owl plush` 




 tbh they look/sound pretty gross so.... yeah 




 I bend over sweeping/mopping all day so I have similar back pain :( 




 doesn't it hurt your back? 




 uh.... 




 does that horse have down syndrome? 




 waffle fries and wedges are not the same!!!
damn you pizza huttttttttt 




 same here. and I *lived* in texas 




 got one of these at big lots.
it was awful.

also. poor, lonely carrot 




 well, that is mildly infuriating 




 like fiberglass? 




 Personally, I love the way it turned out :D

hilarious 




 was it any good? 




 yummy 




 that looks delicious 




 uh, next time spoon the batter into individual cookies 




 I can't stand them.  




 
Also:
people who park in the handicapped spot because they're "just going to be a minute."
 




 what card shufflers or drugstore.com
lol 









 Mama OOOOOOOooooo

And... if/when the check gets returned at least it's your manager's ass on the line now and not yours 




 I swear to god sometimes I conceal my undereyes and it just makes them look *worse*! 




 weather= decent

traffic= sucks

 




 insert racist comment here.
no seriously I couldn't park at the gas station because two different people were parked diagonally, taking up two spots. 




 the squirrels on my campus would do this too, I guess the students gave them snacks. 




 omg she looks so much older! better start chasing boys off with baseball bats 




 let him in! 




 concealing  




 well next time tell them they can buy them on drugstore.com, for some unexplainable reason.... 




 card shuffler? I can't imagine that's a big seller 




 couldn't they just... rip the spanx? I don't understand this, at all 




 uh..... what?
 




 I do it but I tie all the handles into knots so the groceries don't escape the bags in my trunk 




 lol audiobooks + deaf people = ???? 




 Then it sounds like you are already trying to compromise. You are willing to do some things to make him happy but crossing the line at what would make you feel violated. That is perfectly ok.  




 I straight up told my ex-boyfriend that bdsm was important to me. If he wanted to try it, good. If not, well I will probably end up leaving you for someone who will.

It was heartless for me to say but I was being 100% honest.
I did end up leaving him for someone else, but it was years down the road.  

In my mind, sex isn't the most important thing in a relationship, but it is important.  Not only was the sex bad but we had other problems as well. So it would be simplistic to say that I left him because of sex and the lack of kink.  But he could have at least had enough consideration to try.

It's not like I wanted to tie him up and use a strap on with him, but a little role playing isn't too much to ask, right? lol 




  As far as the kidnapping though, the state would have to prove he kept her against her will and I doubt they would throw resources into a scenario like this.

 




 *HUGS* I guess I have to keep in mind that not all people have the same experiences. Everyone has their own valid way of reacting. 




 The best approach would be getting involved in the local bdsm community. Usually they have munches and you can get to know everyone.  They usually don't let just anyone in off the street and have known each other for years, making sure shit like this doesn't happen on their watch. 




 Your mentality disgusts me. What if this was your daughter? Wife? Mother?  Yes, meeting strangers off the internet can be dangerous. I'm sure she has "learned her lesson". 

If the rapist truly knew what the fuck he was doing he would have made her sign a contract. While she may have agreed to having sex involving rape play, she did not consent to being held prisoner for three days. She did not consent to being anally raped. BOTH people were not going about this the correct way. A detailed discussion of hard limits should have been conducted beforehand and a safeword so that when he crossed the line she would at least have the opportunity to signal her distress. Whether that would have stopped him or not. 




 At the very least, jail time or not, this guy needs to be labelled as a sexual offender 




 It may take years to fully process. When I was raped I believed for years that I deserved it.  Of course years later it was interfering with my having a healthy sex life as I would have flash-backs in the middle of sex and freeze up, start crying, etc.  Whether you feel guilty or not, it's still going to be a psychological trauma. 




 YES. When meeting someone online you need to have a friend who you call to check in with who can then call the police if you do not keep in touch with. Obviously since this was a rape scenario they couldn't meet in a public place but for anyone who may be reading please get to know the person in person beforehand and make sure they are not going to abuse your trust. 




 Please get her to a counselor as well. This is a trauma and may take years or even decades to stop hurting her psyche. 




