 Kerry Mullis is all about that PCR 




 Moved here a few years ago from NH and love it. I've lived three different Portland neighborhoods and honestly the only real drawbacks are: Tax, especially being from NH. Our lovely Governor is bat shit crazy... And just got re elected.

I love the cultural diversity, the food, the sports, the events... Wouldn't want to be anywhere else 




 Oh I get that. Remember the days of AOL Chat Room play-by-post games? ... what ever happened to those any way? 




 I've never played on those sites, just looked at some games. What beurocracy is there? 




 They are a notoriously terrible telecom company that is  consistently in hot water for shady business practices and horrendous customer interactions... And they have a monopoly in several areas of the US (like my city) 









 Would I be able to consolidate having several different servicers? Is it possible to consolidate the loan that's in my parents name?

Good luck with the pay as you earn! I did Income based for a couple of years until I finally landed a decent FT job in my field and it was a huge help.  




 Luckily no. My buddy was moving and I've always driven his truck in the past. Made him drive it this time and taught him how - How sick he got (nerves) made me wonder what would happen if he did hit something. 




 Hi PF (Insert obligatory "Long time lurker/first time poster comment here).

I have been paying back student loans for a while and I got to thinking that I must be doing something inefficiently. They are as follows:

Loans I've been paying:
Vermont Student Assistance Corp - Subsidised Stafford at 6.8% with a $2,133 balance down from $3,500
Sallie Mae private at 9.25% with a $2,868 balance down from $3,500
Sallie Mae private at 8.75% with a $983 balance down from $2,000

Loans just entering repayment:
NelNet - Subsidised at 5.6% with a balance of $3,500
NelNet - Subsidised at 4.5$ with a balance of $4,500
NelNet - Subsidised at 3.4% with a balance of $11,000
NelNet - Unsibsidised at 6.8% with a balance of $25,500

Granite State Management and Resources - Parent Plus loan - Some where in the $10,000 range down from $20,000 (Monthly payment of $217; I've been paying this one for a few years)


My income:
$50,000 a year or $1,156 bi-weekly after tax, deductions, and savings (10% auto transferred into savings account each check). My (Non-loan) expenses are about $1,100 a month including rent, groceries, car insurance, phone, etc. I have no debts other than my student loans (I own my car and rent an apartment).

My Loan payments total up in the ballpark of $750 a month and there has to be a way to lower that number. I do pay at least double the minimum payments on the Sallie Mae and first subsidized loan. The Parent loan I don't have any information on as it is technically my fathers loan I am only an authorized payer on the account and cannot view any information; my dad has yet to send me the information. 

TL;DR - 50K in student loans, 50K in income. Read through the sidebar but need the ELI5. What's the most efficient way to pay them down? 
I read through the sidebar but could use something more watered down. I know next to nothing about loan consolidation or finance in general. Would anyone mind giving me some advice? Thanks!
 




 I got to thinking - they seem incredibly aggressive when it comes to their insurance policies. What's the deal? What was your experience like? 




 Danger! 




 That's the site! 




 No but I think Jennie McCarthy said the cause autism 




 Well I guess stealing Christmas counts as burglary  




 I would certainly be interested in this as well. Let me know if anything comes of this. I know it exists - I stumbled across a site once but can't remember what the hell it was. 




 His does it stack up to Taco Escobar? Granted TE is a bitch to get to and park during tourist season, but those nachos... 




 Check out his short story Willa. It was the perfect ending to that story. Other excellent endings are Nona and Typewriter of the Gods. All short stories and quick reads. Check them out, especially willa 




 I might just make this an adventure any way... Great idea! 




 But what if they're third-eye blind? Heh... I'll see myself out. 




 Try having them find something off of the corpse an explorer who never made it out. Maybe there is something that grows there of interest. Could be that there is a lonely traveler who is lost and driven to insanity... Maybe helping him out alive is worth their time 




