 I'm from a bygone era, so I suppose it was appropriate.  I do have have nice posture, though. 




 I'm not sure, but I've never seen it. 




 My first grade teacher made us walk around the room with books on our heads so we'd learn to walk straight up and not slouch.  We also had to learn to square dance; like we'd ever do it again in our entire lives.  We didn't like her much. 




 He won.

http://www.trutv.com/conspiracy/bizarre/ridiculous-lawsuits-frivolous-drive-movie-saved-drowning/photos.html?curPhoto=saved-from-drowning

http://rnm.gauzza.com/comments/ef5im 




 Maybe this one: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FbuluDBHpfQ hd=1 




 Easy access since we open and close the bag so often...multiple servings. 




 Some drugs save people's lives, some drugs take people's lives.  Be more specific about which drugs you mean. 




 I'm thankful that I didn't end up in an accident or a ditch last night coming from home from work. 




 George Clooney 




 Minnesota.  I never hear anything about Minnesota. 




 Files obtained from Edward Snowden suggest the NSA can and does collect information sent by fiber optic cable between Google and Yahoo data hubs 'at will'.  This includes overseas communications.

http://spectrum.ieee.org/tech-talk/telecom/internet/nsa-intercepts-links-to-google-yahoo-data-centers

http://www.theguardian.com/technology/2013/oct/30/google-reports-nsa-secretly-intercepts-data-links

http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/10/30/us-usa-security-google-idUSBRE99T18S20131030

 




 imgur 




 You would now be allowing yourself to be knowingly spied on.  You and your habits, location, movements, written and spoken words are being recorded and stored, no matter whether you try to shield yourself or not.  All your web activities are recorded, no matter what app you use. 




 People are people, doesn't matter what persuasion they are and it's none of my business. 




 You can add White House Down to your list. 




 Link: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4VzuWmN8zY 




 Link: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-eBUcBfkVCo 




 Link: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-cNqEFISr1o
 




 It's hard to pick just one, but I'll go with [Mikko Hypponen: How the NSA betrayed the world's trust](http://www.ted.com/talks/mikko_hypponen_how_the_nsa_betrayed_the_world_s_trust_time_to_act.html)

Here's a list someone prepared a while ago that I've found helpful: [TED Talks - Google docs.](https://spreadsheets.google.com/spreadsheet/lv?hl=en key=tKgTt7jTlSS9qWlHZDmWelQ toomany=true pli=1#gid=0)
 




 That every human being has the right to life, liberty, the pursuit of happiness and freedom from oppression . 




 My daughter-in-law has participated for the last two years and never received a gift. 




 Buying lottery tickets. 




 Looks like hyacinth to me. 




 You aren't plain, you're lovely. 




 My grandfather liked a particular story about when my dad was dating my mom.  My dad would sometimes walk to their house to see her and hang out or help my granddad around their place, just do whatever came up.  They lived down a long, dirt road with tall pine trees on both sides and they could see him coming.  One day my mom was sitting on the porch watching him walk towards the house, when my granddad burst out of the screen door with a gun, yelled for my mom to get inside, scaring her to death.  She saw my dad, then the gun, and started yelling, "No, daddy, no!" because she thought he was going to shoot him.  Grandad pushed her inside while holding the door open, when all of a sudden my dad started running as fast his legs could carry him.  He raced onto the porch just as the gun went off, but turned his head just in time to see the big black panther stumble behind him.  Grandad saved my dad from the jaws and claws of death. 




 Because I pay my internet bill?  Variety is the spice of life. 




 I'm one of those weird people that likes working on Black Friday.  I always volunteer to work and pocket some extra money because of it.  Not a single one of my coworkers opted out of working that day because we schedule time with family around our work hours.  My community benefits economically from the holiday season, as I'm sure most due.  It's crazy to make a big deal about this and blame the retailers for somehow being unjust to employees just because it's a holiday.  We work all the other holidays too.  Not everyone works in an office Monday-Friday.  




 The absolute best decision I've ever made that I'll never regret or second-guess was to have children. 




 Nothing else, just football. 




 It's always scheduled on the 4th Thursday of November, whatever the date, since President Lincoln declared it a national holiday back in 1863. 




 Yes, and I hope it stays that way forever. 




 Price list [here](http://www.kangaroomsystems.com/kanga-prefab-studio-cottage/). 




 Old people, especially ones who live alone. 




 That we, and everything we see and experience are just holograms. 




 I stay out of their way and don't approach them for anything, just like they do for me. 




 I will downvote a post if the OP doesn't follow the rules in the sidebar. 




 Good catch, it does look a little creepy. 




 "All national parks would likely be closed, as would the Smithsonian museums, including the National Zoo in Washington. Visitors using overnight campgrounds or other park facilities would be given 48 hours to make alternate arrangements and leave the park. Among the visitor centers that would be closed: the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island in New York, Independence Hall in Philadelphia, Alcatraz Island near San Francisco and the Washington Monument."

http://usnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/09/29/20745618-a-government-shutdown-what-could-it-look-like?lite 




 It was never necessary, it was just smart and fulfilled the needs and desires of people, just as it still does.  People still get married just like they always have and my sister makes her living off them.  She does very well. 




 No, it wasn't a mistake.  Small poodles get killed by other dogs often because they're annoying little shits.  Big dog probably had enough of the yapping and jumping and finally took care of him his own way.  Keep little dogs away from him. 




 I only like news/talk radio. 




 My little niece still thinks I'm a secret ninja warrior.  I'm not telling her any differently. 




 Older retirees will still have bills to pay, so no they won't.  They'll stay in their jobs until they die just to be able to live.  Utility bills and rent won't go down just because of Obamacare.  I think it'll make it even harder for young people to find employment.  I'm 57 now and should have been retiring at 62, but I don't see that being able to happen until I'm at least 70, if I live that long. 




 I've never had any problems with the police, just the opposite, actually.  I go about my life as I always have for the last five decades now.  I don't feel imposed upon, restricted or oppressed in any way.  I control my own money, decide which job I want or don't want, raise my kids the way I want and come and go as I please.  I have ample, good food, can afford my expenses and am paid what I deserve.  I have no issues with this country and am as free as I was since the day I was born.  I read these bad things but in my daily life they have no effect on me, so far.  I'm a happy camper here. 




 Contact the alcohol control board of your state and notify them.  Here's a list:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:State_alcohol_agencies_of_the_United_States 




 We already have adequate gun ownership laws, we don't need any more.  They should focus their attention where it belongs, on people with mental health issues who need assistance, and in identifying and providing services to them. 




 People don't like being deceived and it's happened too many times by lying, karma-whore OPs who took advantage of others for their own personal or monetary gain.  There's a long history of it and some people have learned to be skeptical of what others post. 




 Yes because I like background noise. 




 Did your girlfriend dump you, is that why you're so angry at women?  Or is it because you can't seem to keep the attention of one?  No?  Did mommy treat you mean so you've decided to do the same?  Grow up boy. 




 There's no such thing as inferior people, we are all just people.  The equality you're referring to pertains to legal issues, not physical ones.  If there were no laws against violence towards women there would be far more abused and murdered women in the country and we have too many already. 




 Thinking about something else while someone is talking to me.   




 Yeah, it gets tedious after a while, no doubt.  But then someone posts something interesting and a good discussion happens that makes it worthwhile again.  Stay out of the default subs and the content and manners generally improve.  Don't stay too long in the same subreddit, jump around. 




 I think it's Tony Lucca: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZxGl-jKP4LI. 




 I think it's Tony Lucca: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZxGl-jKP4LI. 




 Postpartum depression studies tend to show that likely causes are the significant changes in a woman's hormones during pregnancy.  So, while you can't have this, you can suffer depression. 




 I'm not Prufrock, I just subscribed to the subreddit.  Here's the teaser someone made for it: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwXfE-6hwoI 




 After being on the internet for so long, nothing blows my mind anymore. 




 /u/Prufrock had a story to tell in another subreddit a couple of years ago. It was great. People added to it, a bit, provided artwork and even had a theme song, but the idea and writing was ultimately his.  Everyone got excited about it, still is.  Let me refer you to his AMA so you can get an idea of just how difficult this process is.

http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/1m1pcb/two_years_and_ten_days_ago_i_posted_a_story_on/ 




 OP asks for an honest response, always downvoted in threads where diversity and respect for the opinions of others is discussed. 




 No, no evidence at all. 




 A dog whining in my ear and staring at me. 




 1) You must post a clear and direct question, and only the question, in your title.

2) Askreddit is for thought-provoking, discussion-inspiring questions. 

5) Askreddit is not your soapbox, personal army, or advertising platform.

7) Soliciting money, goods, services, or favors are not allowed. 

You need to remove this post and put it somewhere else.

 




 /r/AskHistorians, /r/AskScience and /r/fullmoviesonyoutube.  




 I've been on reddit a long time and I don't believe I have ever seen this question asked before.  If I had one, I'd use that invisible hand to scratch my back anytime I wanted and I'd also use it to poke people in the back of the head without them knowing it was me. 




 America as a country of independent citizens is far removed from the political games of Washington.  Don't allow the shady, dishonest people who make politics their lives to divide you from your fellow citizens, neighbors and family.  It's important that we are united and looking ahead toward our own progress and happiness. 




 Because everyone likes getting presents. 




 [How To Twerk Like Miley Cyrus](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYcg1ot1iWs) and [How To Swing Like Miley Cyrus](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6-HYjz2bAw feature=c4-overview list=UUR4s1DE9J4DHzZYXMltSMAg).  His videos kept me laughing for a while. 




 Have you eaten any yet?  Does it taste like yellow corn? 




 I'd want him to understand that he's the best dog I've ever had or ever will have.  He's led a great life full of love and he's one of the family. 




 They're the same as we all are under the skin. 




 We are not friends, we are strangers with similar views, occasionally. 




 Well, teenagers think they know everything, but thankfully, we all grow up eventually. 




 I'd set up my estate in the wilds of Oregon and stay there forever with my entire family. 




 Some people, I'm sure you know some, feel the need to be right and on-topic 100% of the time.  Their opinion is always more highly valued than those of anyone else.  Wisdom takes a long time to gain, as does seeing the patterns and cycles in life. 




 Who do you think propagated this trending towards medical use?  Wouldn't it be the very people who knew the long-term benefits of it?  Wouldn't those people have had to use it long-term to know this?  Long-term implies older people, does it not? 




 I can guarantee I have more personal experience with marijuana than you or most people you know.  Should you choose to take a random survey over the anecdotal experiences of someone who's been directly involved for decades, that's your choice. 




 Smart tv, Xbox360, bluray player or other device with Netflix app or connect a computer to your tv. 




 You're so tense for a teenager.  Go to college and learn how to interpret results and how to make friends.  Let us know how that goes. 




 You're so contrary, that I suggest you go smoke a bowl and aim for a more pleasant attitude. 




 I'm not an idiot, son.  I'm a 50-something that's been smoking it with many, many people for decades.  I stand by what I said. 




 Put some pretty food pics in the local newspaper.  Browse /r/FoodPorn for good ideas.  I want to go somewhere and spend my money for people to cook beautiful, tasty, makes-me-want-to-eat-it-right-this-minute food. 




 You spelled that wrong, it's d-**o**-l-t, and I think you're there now. 




 Marijuana use isn't on the rise, we just admit it more freely these days.  We grew up in the 70's, what else would you expect? 




 Aww, she's beautiful.  Congratulations. 




 It's not the "poison that is Christianity" that caused this man to be the way he is anymore than it was the cause of why you are the way you are.  I'm a lifelong Christian and I hope he rots in prison. 




 "I know God has forgiven me and my soul is in good shape. I can live at my cousin's house in Nebraska forever out in the middle of nowhere if that's what it takes," Ratigan said as he faced a judge. "Prison is hell. I know I deserve 15 years. Fifty years? I don't think so."

I don't think he has a soul and 50 years is just enough.  He's 47 now, so he'll never again see that cousin's house in Nebraska.  Forgiven?  No way. 




 I'd be the lunchlady for kindergardeners.  Kids that age are hilarious and fun to be around. 




 You wasted their money when you quit college so now you get to waste your own.  Seems fair to me. 




 Nothing.  I already pay too much in federal and state taxes to take care of my "burden" on the highway system. 




 Don't delete her, she can still be your friend.  Speak to her when you run into her, but don't search her out.  Be cordial, be cool but don't act like you're all that into her.  Keep your options open and keep looking. 




 The hint is, she doesn't want a relationship and doesn't want you to get attached or to depend on her.  She has zero emotional investment and wants to keep it that way.  Just let it go, she isn't girlfriend material. 




 If they didn't there wouldn't be as many divorces as there are. 




 "which makes me think she is using excuses or trying to hint at something."

Take the hint and back way off. 




 You're treading on dangerous ground here and you know it.  You say there's nothing sexual about it, but you know there is, even if it's just a little curiosity.  I wouldn't tell your husband since you;ll end up holding his feelings against him.  On the other hand, you shouldn't have to hide things from him either.  My advice would be to let the past stay in the past and for you to stop chatting with this married man.  You two have a history together, but your husband is your current commitment and your future and he comes first. 




 I'm not concerned in the least with setting an example for the world from a website.  But, I wish you the best of luck with it. 




 I'm not a member of that group so I really have no opinion.  I like to look at some of it, but that's about it. 




 I'm not catholic so I don't pay much attention to him or any other religious leader in the news. 




 There's nothing wrong with me, but my current issue is, I can't find a damn house to rent in my price range that takes pets.  They'll take my son, but not my dog? My dog is much better behaved. 




 Attitude and the level of responsibility they exhibit.  As the saying goes, "When I was a child, I spoke as a child, I understood as a child, I thought as a child: but when I became a man, I put away childish things." 




 Classism, since I see far more of that than racism. 




 Their ingenuity. 




 Yes, you don't worry about money so much and can save more. 




 I could probably get to about ten words before I hit backspace.  Nope, just did twelve. 




 Why grandma, the dog, their fish, etc., aren't coming back. 




 She attended one in a southern coastal city, but there are several along the entire east coast. 




 250,000 miles away. 




 A decomposing body pulled from the ocean after having been out there for weeks. 




