 Yes because if there's one thing I've noticed since moving here...the people are horrible drivers. 




 Very nice. I'm gonna check it out now. Thanks!  




 This isn't where I parked my car. 




 Maybe your mom is defending you, afraid you may have actually done it. Have you spoken to her about it? 




 Here's to hoping you're right. 




 I need an update, I'm kind of lost. 




 6 hours and no update? RIP OP. 




 You only wanted to meet up for kisses...but what really happened with Zach? 




 It was me, I mentioned the safe. I still lose sleep over what's in it.  




 I would like to join this party as well, as long as nobody makes fun of me for crying...damn onions. 




 Dammit OP, I was avoiding getting cursed for 27 years and you blew it.

PS- Good story! 




 Being brand new to the area...I feel like I want more info about the Greenway you all speak of. 




 Totally just got the same question ten minutes ago lol
 




 I can help with sports. I'm down 




 Nice try Lee. See you soon. 
 




 I was just having this conversation with my roommate!! Bullshit 




 Did you know Baraka died? 




 Doors hate him for this one little trick! 




 Goddammit Leroy. 




 Not the real safe. There were a bunch of hoaxes, but he just kinda disappeared.

Edit- There was a specific reason he left Reddit, I just forget what it was. 




 I work in the same office complex as you, where's your favorite place to eat lunch around here? 




 The goddamn safe. 




 Hell of a win! Way to deliver OP! Congrats. 




 Wow. This is nearly perfect. 




 Negative.  




 I honestly haven't investigated too much, when I get home I will be checking the logs and seeing how much in resources the game actually uses... 




 I loved doing this as a bartender. 

"Hey can you empty the hot water from the coffee machine?" 




 My trust issues are still lingering after that damn safe. I still occasionally check /r/whatsinthisthing in child-like hopes that OP magically came back to the surface with an unlocked safe. 




 There's the umm...

Oh yea, none. 




 I have been playing Unturned a good amount lately, but sometimes it locks my computer up, or just blatantly crashes. No other game or application has yet to crash my computer. Hell, I've run Crysis 3 on ultra high for hours at a time with no issue. HELP!

Rig specs:
Asus P8-Z77 Mobo

Intel i5 3570s cpu

8 GB DDR3 Ripjaws 

128GB Samsung 840 Pro SSD (OS use)

1TB WD Black HDD

EVGA GTX GeForce 760 4GB VRAM.
 




 I shit myself in my chair watching that. 




 She is gorgeous. No doubt. 




 I'm so screwed.  




 Fuck that my nieces saw that and now I'm the bad uncle who can't make these. A 7 year old is art shaming me.  




 That's what bothered me the most. 




 That was so awesome!! 




 Smoke a ton of weed with myself. I feel as we would laugh all day and night. 




 Hopefully they don't forget about us way up there. 




 Does anybody notice...it's a double rainbow!! 




 I love Reddit.  




 This one is staying blue.  




 Dick in a pie gets her every time it's been said.  




 Well Lisa was last week. Mark is currently with Karen as she has a broader reach in voter approval (speculation). Lisa was last seen sharing a pie with Connor, so it would appear he's still trying to salvage this campaign. Does Connor know something, or have any blackmail material on Mark, as he has been quiet throughout this whole poster incident, whereas Rawlins is flapping on about anything and everything. I think this whole poster incident has opened a Pandora's Box and I'm not sure this school is ready for such a deep scandal. 




