 He was great in Undeclared and Sons of Anarchy. Haven't seen anything else so far though 




 It's all worth it. And to put you at ease, Season 7 is my favorite season. 8 and 9 were really good and 10 was awesome. Season 2 is where it gets good and Season 3 is when it begins its legendary status.  














 For me, I liked Jurassic World more. Mad Max:Fury Road was a little overhyped for me. I was much more entertained by JW 




 I agree with you, but how many times do you type "My Cocaine" for that phrase to be an option for Auto Correction of "Michael Caine"?  




 He is also a writer on the show 




 To me, it looked great but just wasn't what I wanted functionally. I wanted to flip quickly and easily between different websites. The only way to do it was the side menu or creating groups.  




 Friday Night Lights is one of the best series I've ever seen. You will not be disappointed if you like Kyle Chandler.  




 S2 just ended and I can't wait for S3 already 




 See, to me, that is what I liked about it. It's prison, is there ever really massive conflict and resolution? It was very character oriented and I loved that. I found it to be much more fulfilling than V forcing her way into the story. And Caputo was one of my favorite characters this season 




 Paperboy is easily the best. I've tried em all and Paperboy takes top notch in functionality, looks, and ease of use/navigation

Link me: PaperBoy: A Feedly Newsreader 




 Season 1 is easily the worst season. Season 3 is where is starts to become legendary 




 I saw this topic and was going to come in here are write pretty much the exact same thing.  




 Orange is the New Black Season 3. It has less of a season arc this season but I personally think it's a better season than last year. It's very character driven, which is why i watch the show, and features some of the best acting yet.  




 I don't know about other people but I never liked her. She was a disease on the show 




 Absolutely. That scene with Tastee and Susanne is one of the best scenes of the series in my opinion.  




 I'm through 11 episodes and although there is not as much of a season arc as last season, I think this is a much better season than last year. It's very character oriented which is why I watch the show. It also features some of the best acting yet. And no "V" which is great.  




 *Creates "Discussion" thread about an immensely popular film about reasons why it's a terrible movie. 

*Says it's one of the worst movies seen in a while

*Provides no reasons/proof 




 First of all, this post isn't ironic, it's sarcastic. And yes, sarcasm is hard to show on the Internet.  




 Haha, True. I'd like another live action show from him though after Community 




 Go to an electronics store and buy a cheap HDTV (the insignia brand is decent and cheap at Best Buy). Get a Chromecast for $35 to stream pretty much any app from your phone, laptop, and tablet on your TV easily 




 Umm...  




 Check out Twee on Android. It has a great widget and it syncs with Trakt so you can keep track of the shows you watch and what episodes you've seen or not. Twee has a ton of other cool aspects too. I've tried a bunch of others and none compare. Plus the developer is one guy who is constantly upgrading based on user suggestions 




 Maybe see an episode or two of it before you form an opinion? 




 I didn't watch the show because it's not my type of thing but I've heard good things and know that it had a fanbase on here. I've been through Cancelation for some of my favorite shows too early as well so this sucks and I feel for you.  




 The very first scene of the series is post breaking bad, so there could be more 




 I was there and I don't remember  that, haha.  




 "So it's just like Community, but there's no Greendale, it takes place in a different location, doesn't have anything to do with Community College, has completely different characters, but it's written by Dan Harmon"  




 It was always the plan to make it an Anthology. I know it can't beat the first season but give it more than one episode to play out.  




 I really enjoyed it. It has a lot of potential. Tim Robbins was great and so was Jack Black 




 Personal opinion maybe? I thought the Rotten Tomatoes scores were too high for Mad Max but that's just my opinion.  




 Has a lot of potential. I really enjoyed it and the cast was great 




 Seems like Season 2 is going for the slow build. And I like that. It separates it from S1 right away but still carries a similar tone.  




 Watch Guardians of the Galaxy, Zero Dark Thirty, and Moneyball.  




 I always liked the movie.  




 I saw both and liked both. But Kingsman was miles beyond Spy.  




 California USA!... What do now?  




 Agree with all of those. I'd throw in Season 6 of Community and Season 5 of Shameless as well for me.  




 Make sure you buy "Park to Park" passes since Hogsmeade and Diagon Alley are on separate parks. That way you can do both and ride the Hogwarts Express back and forth. 

Also, get the Hot Butterbeer at either the Hog's Head or Leaky Cauldron. It's the best kind of Butterbeer.  




 I agree with you but I think the "Ron Howard in a wig" was more to the fact that she actually is Ron Howard's daughter 




 You posted an article talking about how much it would "cost" to book rap artists. Specifically Childish Gambino. Then you titled the article saying that "Donald Glover" makes the amount that it cost to have him perform a concert. That made it seem as though you thought he received the entire amount. I just read it differently.  




 Actually, it's his booking agency's fee. He gets paid based off of that amount. As do all of the other things I listed. It's not as if he gets paid 85 grand and he just shells out cash to each of "his" employees.  




 He absolutely does not. The promoter may pay $85,000 for Childish Gambino to perform and most of that may come from the back end depending on ticket sales. That includes what he gets paid, his driver, equipment, tour bus, his management team, etc. He makes a good percentage of that but not 100% 




 Fuck, how did I forget Shameless in my suggestions... It's one of my favorites. Absolutely second this 




 Community is my favorite show, just wasn't sure it fit into OP's list of shows 




 Sons of Anarchy, True Detective, Fargo, Parks and Recreation, etc 




 I watch The Americans, Sons of Anarchy (now done), Fargo, Married, Man Seeking Woman, Louie, The Comedians, It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, Tyrant, etc. I love FX and FXX 




 Besides season 4 which there are quite a few. I'd go with Aerodynamics of Gender. It's the only episode I really did not like under Dan Harmon's care 




 I have to disagree. Other platforms may have a very slightly smoother interface for some apps. But on the whole, no other platform can do a lot of the things we can do on Android. 

As far as I see it, when I first got a touchscreen phone, I had two options. An sleek and fast iPhone that was limited or a slower buggy Android that had full customization. I chose Android because of the customization and since then, Android mostly caught up on the sleekness and fastness of Apple but Apple never caught up on other things. They have only tried to mimic a few things from Android.

I love android and wouldn't trade it for any other platform. Not due to my loyalty, but still at its current state, it is overall better for my use.  




 That was my problem. It builds but never had a payoff. It dragged something funny on too long to where it wasn't funny any more. I didn't hate it, just didn't love it.  




 Hey Aziz! Big fan here. 

What's the biggest thing you miss/will miss about playing Tom Haverford or filming Parks?  




 I watched the first three episodes. It had its moments but it honestly felt like a sketch on a sketch comedy show that just never ended. It was funny but then just continued until the joke was a little stale. Just my take on it. I liked the cast but just didnt grab me.  




 I didn't. I just wanted the toy 




 If it weren't for Reddit calling it out... I wouldn't have even noticed. It's funny when movies and TV get so much flack for product placement when in real life, there are more commercials and advertisements everywhere you look. 




 [Here is the real link to Paperboy](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dottedcircle.paperboy hl=en)  




 I've tried all of them after Taptu went out 6 months ago. The best, easily, is Paperboy. It has the great look of some of the others but is much more controllable and not so cluttered. It also has great customization.

Link me: Paperboy

Edit: I have tried every one listed in this thread and found Paperboy to be the best of them.  




 It's impossible to know, but let's just assume he is now super rich and can have any job he wants. And I'm so glad, he seems like a great and genuine guy and I loved Parks and Rec.  




 Who gives a shit. I have never once found "product placement" distracting because I know it doesn't affect me. Most of the time I don't even notice it 




 And this thread is specifically about a reboot of HP as a TV show 




 The indominous can sense thermal heat not see it. It did sense thermal heat with them behind the car when is why in stuck it's head in there. The raptors only had those on when they were let loose. No one expected the pterodactyls to get loose therefore they felt no need 




 I already mentioned that about GOT in my first post. Sorry to ruin it for you but Hogwarts Castle is CGI and does not exist. And WB isn't going to do a remake of their incredibly popular film series less than 5 years after it finished when it was very well received and already done on a higher budget. There is no reason for it 




 The storyline IS absurd. It's a park with real dinosaurs open to the public. And they created a Hybrid to attract more customers. That is also a very meta commentary on real life with people's attention spans today and always wanting bigger and better and not impressed by anything (kinda like you with this movie). 

You are mostly right about the characters. I don't think they are one dimensional but they don't quite compare to the original. But that's because the characters in the original are the smartest in their field and brought there because of their knowledge. 

And yes, many scenes stick in my mind. I don't want to spoil anything so I won't say them. 

Also, you say there are plot holes but didn't mention a single one. 




 Because Benedict Cumberbatch is awesome and did a great job 




 I am not paying for it but no TV studio will shell out the money that it needs and therefore it will cut corners and cut sequences out due to budget constraints 




 Even though I don't think the movie is as bad as a lot of people, the Star Wars Episode I teaser is probably one of the [best posters ever.](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/12/d6/0f/12d60f08494cb0ea007b284cec2a6de1.jpg)  




 I wouldn't want the book series as a TV show. It's too expensive to create. I know they do it with Game of Thrones but that's because most of the scope is real locations and effects are minimal (usually one or two big sequences per season) whereas Potter has grand locations, Grand set pieces, and a lot of effects. 

However, there was a fake trailer for a TV series a few years ago titled "Aurors" which I would absolutely love to see. But again, it would either be insanely expensive or look cheap 




 Why disrespect the actress who plays the character to which this post would be related to?  




 You got that right about Shirley and Pierce, haha. Troy also was my favorite character but I guess the amazing episodes that followed his departure made me forget a little. 

I personally love how Frankie fit into the group. She found her own place and kind of took a leadership role. But still found herself trying to please the group with things their friends who left might do. 

Elroy also was great because throughout the entire season he had one foot in the study group and one out and also understood that. They never hid that or tried to make it something it wasn't. He had some really great moments and even though he was reluctant to be in the group, they treating him as an equal and fit in. 

It can be different but have the same feel and writing. The group dynamic changes as does storylines, characters, etc. But Greendale is still there, the cast from the other seasons, and most importantly the writing and Dan Harmon's sense of humor.  




 Personally, the reason I loved it is because the show grew. It still held onto enough of what we love about the show but it was forced to makes changes with cast members leaving and, as much as I love the original cast, it is what the show needed. 

The first couple episodes were a little tough to get into but once Frankie and Elroy added to the group dynamic, it really worked. I found a ton of episodes to have the classic Community heart, meta humor, references, and originality. 

To me, it seems most people who didn't like Season 6 is because they are still subconsciously hoping for a glory days greatest hits of old Community but can't grasp that the show has changed and is still Community at its core, just a little different. 

I really enjoyed season 6 and also think season 5 is my 2nd favorite season of the series.  




 Community, Party Down, It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, Workaholics, Broad City, Parks and Recreation, Arrested Development, Chuck 




 Okaaaaay?... 




 The Way Way Back 




 I think you would enjoy it still. You'll miss out on some of the inside jokes and some relationships but they do a fairly good job of catching viewers up.  




 There is some truth to what you say about weight but I think they did a great job making it the most realistic they can. I too love Jurassic Park, but like I said to someone else on here, the effects impress us because we still think in that time while watching it and the memory of being impressed. If Jurassic Park came out today for the first time with the same effects, it would sadly be criticized for lack of realism. 

Lastly, I am a huge fan of all of the JP movies. I was 3 when the first one came out and it was probably the first movie I ever saw. I also have seen it and the sequels over 30 times. I was very impressed by this movie and pleased as a fan, not just as a mass audience member.  




 That is a mindset, it didn't feel real to you because you wouldn't let it. You wanted Animatronic and got CGI so you never let it have a chance. Also, maybe it's just your wording but Cinematography has nothing to do with CGI.

As for JP, that felt real back then because it was new technology and was the first of its kind. And now it still has that feeling due to memory of having seen it. As much as I love that film, if it came out today with the same effects, it would be shit on for feeling fake. The only reason to have Animatronic I-Rex would have been nostalgia.  




 I don't think it's the CGI, I think you have to look at the inner dialogue of the movie that people going to the park are used to dinosaurs now and that people want better, more scary, bigger dinosaurs because the old ones are "been there, done that". It's a very meta meaning because it's true with Jurassic Park movie goers. Since the original in 93 which was the first movie to really do dinosaurs right and feel real and scary interacting with humans, there have been 2 sequels and countless other dinosaur and dinosaur inspired movies to come out. It feels like an old hat and it doesn't phase you. An animatronic I-Rex would not have made it more scary or real for you. In fact, if they would have done that, it would probably feel more fake but make a few of the JP fanboys happy. And all 4 movies did have a mix of practical and CGI, number 4 just happened to use mostly CGI because it fits they action they wanted to accomplish and the detail they wanted to have in the I-Rex 




 I would totally be there. I'd make a whole trip out of it... Spared no expense 




 Buy them then so you don't have to watch the commercials 




 I kind of fit into that category. I read the first 4 books before the movies came out but then I got behind and the movies kept coming out so movies 5, 6, 7, and 8 I read the books after the movies came out. So I saw Deathly Hallows Part 1 and 2 without having read the book and totally followed the storylines. But at the same time, I had also read the other 6 books multiple times.  




 It currently holds a 7.8 on IMDb 




 You should have stopped at "other than it being made for pure enjoyment"...  




 True Detective, Community, Game of Thrones, Shameless, Daredevil 




 /u/BullshitUsername was right!  




 From Buzzfeed 




 "ARTICLE-5/18/99-Star Wars fans "I've got a baaaad feeling about this." 




 Haha! Awesome 




 Hey Blake! 

Big Workaholics fan. 

What's one of your best memories while still living in the Workaholics house that most people don't know? 

Also, when is Ders gonna show up on Community because you and Adam have, haha.  




 Kingsman so far. Just watched it again last night and it easily beats any other I've seen this year so far. If Star Wars: The Force Awakens is as good as I hope, that could take top notch 




 Comedy-wise I thought this past season was the best personally. But to each their own 









 Haha, actually, Inspector Spacetime.  




 Easily the best filmed hand to hand combat action sequences I've ever seen. Favorite movie of the year so far 




 I love season 4 but that is not the first time that song has been used in that context. Old School did it as well.  




 Downvote for saying the actress' name instead of the character she plays.  




 Rule 1: Jeff Lies 




 It is Keith David, so in a way, yes. Its the same actor 









 How in the hell is this related to the discussion of movies? I award you no points... And may God have mercy on your soul...  




 Ha! That's awesome!  




 True. Also, have you seen Judd Apatow's followup to Freaks and Geeks? It's called Undeclared and it's also really good and got canceled after a season. Not quite as great as Freaks and Geeks but really good.  




 I don't mean to be a dick but these have been posted on here almost every other day for the last 2 years.  




