 H1Z1 is the same engine as Planetside, thet game aleready has the templates, vehicles, and weapons. The DayZ engine was built from scratch so they have to make all of the base things 




 In empty space we know it isnt actually empty, there are tons of things in empty space. But what is between atoms themselves? is that perfect empty space? 




 PC Specs:
Intel i5-4440s 2.80 GHz
8Gb DDR3 RAM
H81M-A motherboard
GeFORCE GT 640 




 So i keep getting this error when i try to install something for give admin access to something, could anybody be any help?
Windows 8.1
i heard somewhere it was a memory issue so i have 8gigs ddr3
 




 Step 1: Don't Capitalize Every Word  




 Dayz is cpu intensive not gpu 




 I want to know what your thoughts are on this and how i could improve it

http://imgur.com/GetrbkJ 




 nvm i fixed it 




 now the game wont even launch 




 So i launch the game and start playing on a server and after about 5 minutes stuff like this starts to happen and it gets really laggy (5 fps). then my game crashes. does anybody know how to fix this? id really like to keep playing this game.

http://imgur.com/O3DBgq2 




 if you were a developer you would know that isnt how development works, so i highly doubt you are a developer 




 you must know nothing about game development, the people who make models and clothing CANT CODE AI. i dont see how this is still confusing to dumb people 




 i guess i just haven't decided yet 




 yes i know, i guess its an easter egg for those who catch it 




 i was thinking it could be a really hot desert with nothing in it or really high mountains with no desirable resources  




 So i just now found this subreddit from Vsauce3's video:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=160GmnKOeps index=8 list=PLiyjwVB09t5xhhW0IfHke782_PqlLOxU0

and i just wanted to share a fictional map i have created and would appreciate any tips for realistic borders.

image: http://imgur.com/XG8iiSs
 




 Cry about it until you realize nobody pitties you for being friendly 




 By recent do you mean the new patch released a week ago? 




 To clarify, yes, I was double carrying. I had a mosin on my back and the ak in my hands, when I stop in a bush to reorganize. I had forgotten I was dual carrying and drank a soda. I then realized that the ak had been lost, and I was too far away to justify going back and getting it. 




 So i just lost my Ak101 when it dropped near a bush, and im just wondering why this still happpens 




 we dont need boats as long as we have the V3S submarine 




 they are really only useful for distractions because they draw attention to them 




 i played today for 3 hours and only saw about 5-6 zombies 




