









 We used to go there after the clubs closed back in my high school and college days. A late night breakfast and a slice of pie. . . . memories 




 Not too surprised, in light of the recent Court decision, I suspect more people than normal will be at the parade tonight. 









 Just be careful, should you get caught by the cops, you could risk charges, or threat of charges, that would involve sex offender registration. 




 I went to the Astros game last night, and it was crazy downtown, ended up paying $30 to valet at Vic   Anthony's. If you can't get there very early, look at using light rail. 














 Rugby fans are a bit odd to begin with. 









 Then they have no business getting married because they don't understand what marriage is. 




 I don't think they'd even lose tax exempt status, there's a long history of churches that don't perform marriages where one of the parties is not a member of that faith. And, LGBT people want to get married to be happy, to promote love for each other - nobody wants to start their marriage by trying to force someone to perform the marriage ceremony, weddings are about good memories, not shitty memories. 









 It's not satire, it's an extremely conservative website that seems to border on satire. 




 I enjoyed the ending, I liked how they set the table for Season 4. 





























 One law enforcement problem I've heard about is that when a law is passed to outlaw it, the manufactures change up the chemical formula so it doesn't violate the law anymore.  




 A couple years ago, the teenage daughter of a couple I know tried some synthetic stuff, she ended up on life support in the hospital. Long tragic story short, she survived but has been undergoing extensive rehab ever since due to the brain damage. 














 It might feel like that in Texas, but, I've not found that to be the real case throughout the country, especially in business where $ is the almighty ruler. 









 As a lawyer, I'd prefer religion to stay out of marriage. So much of the property law I deal with on a regular basis is tied to marital and familial status and relationships. 




 I wouldn't say they are in control of most Christian denominations (or Jewish, Muslim, Hindu, etc. denominations), they're always just the loudest and most outrageous. 




 I've seen this photograph at an exhibition and it was fascinating. [This morning, NPR aired a story about the girls in the photograph.](http://www.npr.org/2015/06/27/417782675/what-happened-to-the-9-year-old-smoking-in-mary-ellen-marks-photo) 









 I'm not sure that you "need" to giver her away. Cats are super self-reliant, she's a kitten so she is going to be more active now, but as she gets older she'll chill out. Cats sleep for about 70% of their lives. As for bigger space, I can see an issue with a dog, but I know many people who live in small apartments that have not one, but two cats.  




 You're essentially saying that the most conservative elements of religion represent all religious people, which is far, far, far from the truth. I'm a Christian and am in constant disagreement with the evangelicals and their beliefs. I support gay marriage, I have no problem with churches performing gay wedding ceremonies. 




 Not a minor league team but maybe considered a low-key sport in the States, [the Houston Dynamo](http://www.houstondynamo.com) have reasonably priced tickets. 




 I've never thought of marriage as a vestige of religion. In the historical sense, marriage is a contractual relationship between two (often wealthy) families.  




 The County Attorney for Harris County (Houston) isn't letting the Harris County Clerk drag his feet for three weeks, instead he issued a letter directing the Clerk to start handing out marriage licenses to same sex couples - http://i.imgur.com/SmOnrAu.jpg 





























 Glad to see the County Attorney in Harris County didn't put up with any foot dragging BS from the County Clerk http://i.imgur.com/SmOnrAu.jpg 




 I can't believe this hypocritical jerk passed a bar exam. 




 DA or County Attorney? 




 Texas, where dunces imagine the state government is a theocracy. 














 [It appears so.](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/27/us/supreme-court-same-sex-marriage.html?hp action=click pgtype=Homepage module=span-ab-top-region region=top-news WT.nav=top-news) 









 A lot of times, the state/county/city easement doesn't actually extend into the locations of where the developer placed the sidewalk. 




 A lot nicer than the old jury assembly room. 




 You should crosspost over at /r/policevehicles 







































 As a Houstonian, I like how the E Corp. logo is almost identical to the [Enron logo.](http://scumbaggery.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/09/enron_logo.jpg) 



























































 I saw that a group will be watching at Nick's Place in west Houston. 









 I've heard HBU students refer to Baylor as Sodom and Gomorrah on the Brazos. 
































































 For the past few seasons, I think the writers have been struggling with Divya's storyline, it's like they're just saying "What can we do to make things tougher on Divya?" 




 Trust me, you're not the only one who wants Jill back. 




 But you're going the wrong direction to get to Montana. 


































 Depending on where you go, there's usually plenty of street parking a couple blocks off the main streets, in the different neighborhoods. 




 I've hit over 100 on the section between 290 and I-10. 
























 I live in the Alief area and have relied on the Ft. Bend Parkway Toll Road/Highway 90/610 as a quick way to get into and out of the NRG Stadium area, not sure how it is during regular rush hour, but you might want to check it out for commuting back and forth from SL and TMC. 






















































 Maybe, maybe not, if OP has comprehensive and makes a claim on his own insurance, his insurance company will subrogate the claim and seek compensation from Centerpoint. If Centerpoint reimburses OP's insurance company, the insurance company will reimburse OP for the deductible.  




 Nice pictures. Was surprised to see an owl this morning while I was out exercising, first time I've seen an owl in this area of Houston. 












































 When I was in college at Baylor University in Waco, Texas, China Beach was on Lifetime, we watched China Beach every night while eating dinner. 






















































 Anyone who posts a Television song should get as many upvotes as possible. 







































 As I understand it, he spent a great deal of planning for the male inmates, but the female inmates was last minute. Ross was on Stern this past week and they spent a lot of time discussing this project. 







































 I'm sure you can find a nice one at Foley's, I mean Macy's. 




 No reason to apologize. 




 [How Soon is Now, is like an 80s anthem.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1qMYH1WM2gI) 




 Totally, 100% agree with you. 
































































 My go to place in Houston for bialys - had them for breakfast on Sunday. The only problem I've had there is I think I'm the only one who asks them to NOT toast my fresh bagels and bialys. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L7QF32mxftE 




 A lot of the people who live in Austin that I've met seem to actually be transplants from places in Texas that are a lot smaller than Austin. To them Houston is too big and scary, but Austin is just the right size to feel they've gone up in the world. The people I know who are Houston transplants ended up there because of work. 




 I lived there from 94-97, still had some bit of quirk to it, but it was already no longer the Austin of "Slacker." Not long ago, I visited a friend who lives up on the northwest side of Austin and we went to have breakfast nearby, the development reminded me of any mixed retail/business/apartment development in Plano or Frisco. 




 I've had favorable reactions from people in New York City. 

















































 On a street near where I live I've seen prostitutes trolling for johns before 9:00 a.m. on a Sunday morning. Last time I went down that street, I didn't see any, so guessing they finally got pushed off to another area, maybe. 




 The actual renaming ceremony is today. 









 True 














 Last year I heard George Pelecanos mention that Simon and himself were pitching this idea to HBO, glad to see they're still pushing it. 









 I'm going to miss Jon when he leaves, not sure his replacement could have done want Jon did after September 11th, after yesterday, after so many other tragedies. 









 I thought that was more about when they're on the shoulder already providing assistance. 




 And that's what's so annoying about how they all feel the need to race to the scene, it doesn't matter who's there first. 




 I won't drive the speed limit, cause I don't like the speed limit, but I do take advantage of blocking wrecker drivers whenever I have the right-of-way (they don't seem to understand Yield signs or the concept of right-of-way). 




 An accident is a feeding frenzy for wrecker drivers and they all race to get there for a shot at making some money. 


































