 I feel like he hasn't had sex with anyone.   




 Clean! 









 *Im doing it this time.  I'm jumping*

*Ahhhhhh*

*plop* 




 Reason I hate when a girl says *I'm a terrible liar*.  




 There's a tank on the back.   




 That's little Oscar 




 Well good thing there's a cigarette in its trap.   




 Looks like a good healthy dog.  You did good.   Should fill you with love all the time.   




 Pest 




 Does the 6th finger hurt do to no grove for the bone? 




 No they have half made cupcakes and you just put the frosting on.  I wouldn't lie about cupcakes lol :) 




 It was a cupcake kit.    




 Can I intern for you guys? 




 Just pet yer dad  




 And I gained it  




 I just checked his IMDB page and he is writing for Metal Gear Solid and Justice League  




 I dunno, Seth Meyers looks pretty happy.  




 I'm sure the cops have the  knife in evidence.   You can go to the station and ask to see it.    




 Yes I mentioned that in my above post. 




 Good to know.  Thanks 




 G^O^O^D^B^Y^E 




 I mentioned below, but I think a taser would be ideal in this situation.  Once he got so close I'm sure the officers adrenaline rose and he literally has to make his one second decision now before either him or his fellow officer get hurt.  

They do not know if the guy has a gun and if he had a gun would you want to be holding a taser? 




 Yes. I think that would be more ideal.  I can't speak for those officers because I honestly wouldn't know what I would do.  I'm sure everything starts happening so fast.  Either way someone died and you can't reverse that.   




 *There's a smudge on your ring, let me clean it* 




 No problem 




 "As officers arrived, the suspect turned towards the officers and started to walk towards them clutching his waistband. He then pulled out a knife ... and told the officers, 'Shoot me now. Kill me now,'" the chief said.

http://www.cnn.com/2014/08/19/us/missouri-police-shooting/index.html 




 The guy had a knife.   Although I  do agree using non lethal force first, but how close do you let someone get to you with a knife? 




 I heard he had a knife. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eKQtlyKGiaM#t=32 




 He'll fit perfectly in my pocket. 




 You should sell it for $2.00  




 Rods n cones 




 Does anyone else just look at a building and what goes on in there.  Just an odd sensation when staring at another building.  Why? 




 It looks like he says

*I said no more shit in my mouth* 




 This is the top comment. 

edit: nvm 




 I learned to focus on it.   I zoomed into they eyes n stopped blurring/shifting my eyes n saw 2 sets of eyes.  Next, I went to the lips and did the same thing.   They still kind of blurred, but I think it was from the color of the skin and lips.    Anyway I slowly zoomed out and was able to focus on the pic without any interference.    




 english and italian i think.  ill say latin too, just to be safe  




 I thought it was his name. 
Three hundred  




 Dude that turtle is my mom.  




 So close!   




 If anyone doesn't want to drill holes in their garbage can, you can always tilt the can one way and lift the bag straight up.   This will also help releasing the air.   
Source: I picked up garbage  




 Sorry I meant for op 




 Did you draw this?   I'm just wondering because my relative drew the Genie in Aladin. 

Edit: riding curtails to ask op. 

 




 Nanu-Nanu Mr. Williams... Nanu-Nanu..  :( 




 RIP Robin Williams.  You will forever live on with your movies.  
 




 It looks hot.   You guys could throw those at each other 




 Agh, that's what I call life.   
A lot of ppl make it with talent.    Just not everyone becomes A list celebrities. 
So keep trying everyone.  




 I'm sorry about your wrist  




 Yes VR in the parasympathetic ki 




 Monster has been doing this since 07.   I was on SKSK bus and they had to leave my town.    I had a long drive ahead of me and I figured I grab one of their Monsters.   3 hours into my drive I crack open the monster and taste warm tinny water.    
Sucks to suck  




 xboned to death 




 I find it adorable.  




 That's illegal  




 I'm not the boss, but a former employee who was relatively new drove our company van into the side of our shop.  He pretended like he didn't notice when we confronted him.   

Big white cargo van with sliding right door.   Which was creased inward with blue metal scrapes covering the whole right side.  

 




 After reading everyone's replies I feel as if you don't really need reddit's advice.  
Sounds like you have the mindset to dump school n start working full time, so your husband doesn't have to lose time with his kids.  
  I hope he finds work soon in his field, otherwise he should look into another job or work nights.  Ya it sucks and it messes up your sleep schedule.  Gotta do what ya gotta do!  

Sell that Chevy truck and fix that Saturn up to code.  

$150 is pretty high cell bill especially since only one of you need a "smart phone".  I'd say dump the contact and get the hubby a minute trac phone.   

You need legal advice for non child support payments from your ex.   He is homeless?   Also look into lowering thr garnishing wages on your husband child support.  

I'm really sorry for your situation and with strength and motivation you will get out of it.   You guys need to make the sacrifices now otherwise you'll be stuck forever.  

Hoping there will be a hand out from someone to get you out of this rut will probably not happen.  

Time to stand up for the kids!   Are you delivering papers for $500/month?   




 no more xbox for you? 




 We are in a forum - chat room - thread and you are riled up talking about this article.      




 We stating facts?  




 He moves fast, but I could of cleaned 3 tables before he was done with that one.   Side note:   Never wipe the seats or benches where people sit their ass and throw the rag back on the counter.     




 This could be a Virgin Mobile ad for their space flight.   




 Oh I thought this boy was making galaxies.   




 Perfect place to give gratitude to my Dad.  

My father bought me a Bmx that was pretty costly for my rents income.  


Anyway bike was stolen n my dad went to all the pawn shops with the bikes serial number.    He was told if it showed up we would be notified.   

My bike showed up and ended up being sold to someone I know.    Whose family was a lot less fortunate than us.  
My dad let the kid keep the bike and he cried tears of joy because of that.   

Love you Dad  




 I saw Bane at first.   




 he wasn't to epic either.   So... 




 It's actually the story of Goat Boy  




 *I'm from up there* 




 I'll give you $15,000 if it's still alive.    




 So true.   My friend was in a pretty popular punk band and they were on there last tour.  During their concert I was getting drinks for them and walking them back stage as they performed.  The security guy out of no where grabs me on my 3rd pass and tells me I can no longer walk anywhere.  Even when the show was done I could not stay with the band.   Even some of the members would be playing and walk over to the security guy and I next to the stage and ask what the hell was going on.   

I never really hold grudges, but the ego tripping security guard in MN was a complete d-bag.   
If you are that d-bag security guard and you somehow stumble across  this.    

Fuck you 




 I like how you caught the beer before it hit the ground haha 




 Wasn't it fun? 




 We're all so high.   




 I got a scanner on it and it came up with the code: 0155 communication to gauge cluster 




 ha nope 




 I have a 2006 Acura TL where the power windows, reverse lights, blinkers,sunroof, gauge cluster and lights are not working.  

I checked all fuses (meter) and relays and everything looks and test fine.  I cannot roll the windows down with the switch inside the car, but if I do the key in the door I can get all windows/sunroof to roll up and down.  

The blinkers do not work but the hazard button still does.  

Any ideas? 




 A boner in plane site.   




 Well there is a whole warehouse where you can buy all the car parts.    So it would be pretty understandable if they just bought everything to make this beast.     


Tl dr: lazy ass  




 Also, to answer your last question about an exit in the basement is to walk outside and look at the exterior of the building for a door. If you can not find a door look for a window that goes to the basement.  




 Why don't you have the gf call her dad and tell him to go outside.  




 My first trampoline was inherited from my mom when she was a child.  It was rectangle and I think it had a total of 7 springs.   Every year one spring would rip right through the material.   Even had a hole in middle from cigar burn back in the 80's.   

When you jump you would basically touch the ground and the flimsy trampoline would fight to make you bounce.   

I miss that thing 




 Want a $1000 also?  




 Sometimes my SO will sneak up on me and if I catch her she shrugs her shoulders and make a quick smile. That along with the defeat in her eyes makes me adore her.    

 




 Buy a dog n name it Talent 




 Did anyone else think of ODSTs during this scene and how awesome of a movie that would be.    




 She  is with the person to the right of her. They tagged these to thinking they were a couple. The guy realizes it right away and fkn kills it.    




 ...dude 




 DUDE, DON'T EAT IT!     




 He has a turd by his leg 














 I love when someone has that bathroom fan.    




 At first I thought "suit" as in Batman, but I'm pretty sure it Bacardi  




 Op is nothing but a bundle of sticks in that big yard 




 Replace the baby with some shattered bricks.   
 




 She is, but I don't think you'll wanna date her.  She is over weight.  Have you ever dated a fatty?  




 *Carter was here* 




 What's the girl behind him doing?  




 I work in a bar and the whole place erupted when he fell in 




 Storm Pooper
 




 Dude, that site was so fucking Halo.   




 Unfortunately I feel we would go through a phase of people stealing/breaking these.     




 Same thing at the place I work.  (also a pizza place)   We have items that can only be used with gluten free meals.   We cannot have any cross contamination.     




 This is going to get buried, but my cousin drew the genie in Aladdin.  He actually drew a lot of Disney character before he moved to WB.   He worked on movies like Spider-man and video games like NBA streetZ.    

My grandma used to have a picture of genie with some nice words in text to my grandma.   

I also have some original
Drawings and prints.    
Some of the movies include.  
Osmosis jones 
8 crazy nights 
The lion king
Aladdin 

Anyway  




 Either is spiderman 




 I didn't read the title and clicked the pic.   I swear I thought the first pic was a safe in the floor.   Went to the second pic and saw it was a PS3 built into the sub floor.    Now I pondered why these ppl hid the ps3.   Or did this person just stumble across it.   
This lasted for awhile  




 Similar story, when I was a wee lad I received one of those earth day baby pine trees.   I planted it right away in my parents from lawn right by this rock, so it wouldn't get mowed over.    

Flash forward  12 years, it was 2008 and my parents house was foreclosed on.   It all happened so fast, but we ended moving 20+years of stuff to a rental.    

One thing I did leave was that tree I planted.    It was a little bigger than myself.   

Time goes by and new ppl have moved into our home and I just try and forget about the whole situation.   Until one day I was going to show my new gf the house.    I told her all about that tree and what it meant to me and I was excited to see hoe much it grew.     Well, the new homeowners cut the bastard down.  

Was a sad day that my tree had to leave.   




 Retape that box dammit  




 Venoconscrition and vr 




 I meant more of how can someone else buy these peelers and sell them.   

How did he get started?  

Just curious on how people stumbled upon something.   




 Who asked if it was illegal?  Thanks for the insight.  




 We might have them I just never came across one.    




 Nice try, ghost Joe  




 It's true.   I don't play soccer, but would play catch with friends.   Anyway one summer day my younger sister was tormenting me while playing soccer with a friend.    

She would run up and throw water or whatever she could find at us and run back up our grassy hill to the pavement steps before entering the wooden door.  

Finally I was fed up after she just soaked me from a glass of water.    On her retreat just as she was making her way to the peak of the grassy hill, I kicked the ball towards the house.     The ball was in flight until it hit the side of the hill and started speed rolling right towards her feet.    She took 1 step before that ball went between her legs, and on her opposite leg swing her ankles hugged the ball and her knees buckled.  Slamming her to concrete from a full sprint as the water glass hit the wooden door.  

It was awesome  




