 my current one (for the next 3 weeks) I'm an emergency services officer that works at a mine in Australia (fireman and paramedic pretty much) sounds really exiting its pretty much just sitting in the office (on Reddit) for 12 hours a day 7 days a fortnight waiting for someone to mess up and either A: get badly injured or B:set the place on fire... 




 not the only one... 




 if you frenchfry when your supposed to pizza your going to have a bad time  




 pokemon 




 [waffles] (http://www.reddit.com/r/notinteresting/comments/21oktn/a_waffle_falling_over/)  




 i like to find a cargobob pick up random cars and drop them to people  while online 




 cool, ill have to check that out 




 yeah Australia no witcher 3 for me... yet 




 im jealous, this is what im being offered :( http://imgur.com/FoVMGRJ  




 no... no... /u/OricaTrident not home 




 elder scrolls online or GTA 5 either of those on PC (halo on xbox yes i still enjoy halo on xbox but PC is far superior) am Australian so not sure if the key would work for me but good on you for the giveaway.  




 I wont be upset if it's not me. but I would be very happy if it was me. I've just gotten into the Witcher games and would love to have Witcher 3. even if I'm not chosen you are a good person for doing a giveaway :) (also I'm Australian so yeah probably wouldn't work even if I was chosen) 




 no im that91guy 




 happy cake day :) 




 mmmbop... thats all you need 




 damn it I did it wrong I hit my lawyer, deleted the gym and got facebook... 




 clicked it. it's sort of fixed. moved slightly over and now the test tube spins around (nice touch if you did that) but still covers a tiny bit of my name doesn't bother me though 




 I'm having a similar issue but mine covers my user name if im using RES (http://imgur.com/wi1F95h) 




 you really need to charge your phone 




 probably to late for this comment to go anywhere but i find green apples wake me up... my company even supplies green apples in crib rooms. not sure why maybe just magic 




 just getting into the bitcoin game thanks for the tip :) 




 im new. thanks for the bits :) 




 i would like to enter if it's still available :) 




 that's what I was thinking 




 god damn you just ruined my life... does the baking of cookies ever end? 




 What? 




 Thanks for the help :) yeah millwright or industrial mechanic looks like the job that I'm doing 




 Haha it's ok. I know it's going to take a while for me to get there. But one day I will :) 




 Thanks so much for the info you've been a great help to me :) 




