 Well...if you're constantly sending picture after picture it's annoying.  




 I lost again 




 Actually that was the sound of "Please fuck off you're annoying me" about to break up w/you  




 Awwww look at those cuuuties!!!! They're gonna be best fwiends forever! There just the cutest wittle babies, theyre so fluffy IM GONNA DIEEEE!! Such a baby cutie kitty mrow mrow 




 /r/FloridaMan 




 I lost the game 




 I don't understand. It just looks like you both grew from when you were younger... 




 But every month has Friday the 13th.... 









 Did the joke go over your head ? lol 




 420,737 

Check your number. You just copied mine. I don't know what your flair means- you wrote it. 
 









 420,735 




 Perfect.  




 reminds me of that south park episode  









 OP 0   Reddit 251606 




 It's different for everyone. There's no magic number that's the same for everyone.  




 OP Pls 




 You seem angry.  









 1 




 Makes sense to me. Sniper weapons don't ink as much. I don't think they are good for Turf War format. Honestly, anytime I have a teammate with one I just disconnect. I played for a long time and it's just horrible They go like 2-12 with 2-400Pts. Very little ink. They just sit in one spot and try and snipe people. Even if they move around inking they don't ink a lot. 

So like I said, I understand your opinion. That's cool. I got no problem with differing opinions. I just disagree.  




 So 




 420,611 




 420,609 




 So 




 lmao  




 Volunteer with his campaign in your area. Or, like for us, we had people come from all over the country to help where I was in Ohio. So you can travel and live in a volunteer home while you're helping. 

You can contact his campaign [here](https://go.berniesanders.com/page/s/volunteer) 




 420,605 




 420,602 




 420,600 




 420,597 




 So 




 420,586 




 enjoying what with your pet?  




 Oh. Hm. I got 18. I just wish there was something I could do with them.  




 420,584 




 Oh I didn't know that. That's pretty dumb. lol.  




 Wait..team size? lol what why would you take that into account instead of who actually won more games. I don't understand that
 




 Yeah I had lots and lots of disconnects/errors. Had to quit towards the end, was too much.  




 Oh okay. I disagree.  




 I didn't play Rock/Pop  




 Oh. I thought cats won the battle? 51-49 




 420,582 




 For me I have a few things. 

1. Being able to change weapons while you wait for the game to start instead of going to the lobby. 

2. I get annoyed at teammates that use the sniper guns for Turf Wars, they don't splat a lot of ground which is evident by their points, and they don't even get a lot of kills to make up for it. It's a good gun but not for that game type I don't think. 

3. Not having Turf Wars be on ranked as well. 

4. Being forced to play splatzone or tower control instead of being able to have the choice to play one. I don't want to have to wait 4 hours to play tower control. 

5. More maps in rotation than just 2. 

6. Teammates that super jump to your area when you're in the middle of mayhem and they die instantly by the enemy just pointing their gun at the circle where they're jumping. 

 




 This thread is dedicated to everything in Splatoon you wish could be different or changed- including strategies with teammates, or generally any time you feel annoyed. 

This is just discussion so people can let out some frustrations- not intended to be mean towards the game- I love Splatoon.  




 Unless of course no one is on the tower for an extended amount of time in which case the tower moves with no one on it back to its original starting position.  




 How did people get 24 Super Sea Snails? I thought it was just 18 for King/Queen 




 Sometimes you wanna switch weapons because you're tired of playing with the one and you like to switch it up. It's nice to be able to do this while waiting for a game instead of having to get out of the lobby and playing with either a different group of people entirely or having to wait to play with friends. It's pretty dumb 




 13 Super Sea Snails or 390K 




 420,580 









 420,577

Bucky 




 420,575 

Bucky 




 I'm not judging or anything just an honest question; but will you tell your wife that you cheated on her? And be honest about your feelings..etc?  




 420,573

When did someone ask that? 




 Yes. It is a new community. But it's there.  




 420,571

Bucky 




 420,569

Bucky.... 




 Yes there is. /r/GiantAnalMonsters  




 /r/jellybeantoes 




 It's not meant to educate ignorant people. It's meant to piss them off.  









  Who the fuck is talking to you? 

You are talking to me right now. My brother is also talking to me. My friend Sean is talking to me and my mom just sent me an e-mail so technically she's also talking to me. 

You're not my bro.  




 420,567 

Oh okay I waslike wtf 




 k
 




 


**420**,565

420 Count it

Out of curiosity how are we at 420,565 if the comment count is only 554???? I feel like it's been messed up somewhere.  




 A lot is not one word. I'm sorry but it bothers me. I don't know why people make it all one word.  




 I'm not your bro, guy 




 x files dog? 




 Cats remember.  




 Yeah ...that's a bit awkward 




 Nope.  




 EASTERN 




  i can

 




  Ok.

 




  Ok.

 




  As in just to get to run correctly

 




 We both were traitors. So we cancelled each other out.  




 this has been the most difficult game to get started out of dark age of Camelot, and ultima online.  




 Rachel Dolozal here, part Native American...so Native American. Can confirm.  




 So my friend and I were on Skype and decided to play some Splatoon. Now whenever we do 'friends' we are only on the same team maybe 10% of the time- dunno why. So today we were against each other 19/24 games (I kept track). We were at the Saltrig so we went to one particular spot stopped and saw each other and just splatted in front of each other the entire game hahaha. 

It was so much fun. We gave away our teammates locations to each other if they were jumping in. If my teammates jumped in I would run block if they tried to kill him and he did vice versa. 

It was a nice change up and a fun way to do something different. I'm pretty sure the 6 people playing with us hated us, but I don't think they ever figured it out. We get about 1800 each just splatting in front of each other over and over.  




  Ok.

 




 It was the resolution not the font.  




  Ok.

 




  Ok.

 




  Ok.

 




  Ok.

 




  Ok.

 




 Hi. Thank you for your response. As a user and a mod of a very small subreddit I want to say thank you for your candor and apology.  

I have a question for you. I am not trying to be mean or insulting or anything; however, can you please step down from Reddit? The majority of us do not want you running Reddit. Can you please step down? This is something that would be considered a great action on your part. This is a way to back up your promises. This is a good solution I think. I know you mean well, but you're just not working out well for us. You've had many chances to correct things and you have not. As a result can you please leave? 

The way your team handled this situation with mods and the firing of Victoria and everything the past year or so, is reason enough for you to step down. What has been done on here by your team cannot be made up with a simple 'text' based apology.  




 Yes that is correct. But every vote is not equal. Not every vote is a voice that is heard.  




  Ok.

 




 No it's not. That is the idea that every vote is equal. Every vote is not equal.  




 Well what I'm saying is, Victoria did a great job at what she did, why not find someone with those same qualities and things she did so good at- and have that be the job requirement? /r/IAMA mods specifically stated how well she worked with them and how pleased they were with what she did. So...why can't we get someone else exactly like that  




 Why don't you guys just get another Victoria, it worked pretty well the way she did things with /r/IAMA why not just find someone exactly like that? 

Also, does Pao plan to respond to the petition for her to be fired reaching 150K people? This is a reasonably large deal, it's not like it's just a few people that 'hate' her anymore.  




 Same demeanor as Magikarp too 




  Ok.

 




 It is self-serving. Collectively many votes are heard- but alone it's not heard except by the person who votes.  




  Ok.

 




  Ok.

 




 Ok.  




 No.  




 It's easy. I don't believe you will remember this. So I disagree. That's I even disagree.  




 I disagree.  




 No. Hugs. You have to make strangers hug you in wal-mart.  




 Why did you threaten instead of actually doing it? He/she won't learn anything from being threatened.  




 How about if it doesn't. You have to drink a shotglass full of Ranch Dressing mixed with Ketchup, mustard, mayo, cool whip, relish, and grape jelly?  




 k  




 Yeah. Murica!  




 It won't happen.  




 I'll eat two boxer shorts if Star Wars breaks 2.7 Billion Avatar's record.  




 What's half-life ? 




 I did. The issue was resolution.  




 So the bet is if Star Wars makes Over 2 Billion dollars Worldwide- total sales in theater, I will eat my boxer shorts.  




 Yes I know, the wiki article I posted explains that.  




 You don't go by ticket sales though. You go buy money made. boxofficemojo.com all time list accounts for inflation.  




 What exactly is Half-Life 3? 




 It won't obliterate Avatar. If Star Wars makes over 2 Billion world wide then I will eat my own boxer shorts.  









 I hate foods with diaries too. It's like, why would they write about their lives. What do foods have to write about!?!? 




 That silly game is politics. Politics is a game. Lots of people vote for who they want- and their voice is not heard.  




 Maybe. There's no real way to know that for sure. He has a shot in the democratic primary. It will either be Hillary or him. 

Look, in 2008, I worked on Obama's primary team and no one thought we had a shot over the Clinton machine either....but we won. You can win an election with a very good ground game. 

A lot of people assume that candidates win- with how they make sense of what issues people find important. The truth is, in the ground game for campaigns, rarely do you ever talk about issues. It's all about numbers. They say you gain a vote every 3 houses you talk to people. So we knocked on insane amounts of houses. To do that, obviously you have to have a substantial amount of dedicated volunteers and also you need to have a good program to use to print up all of the people who voted which way and what way in the previous primaries and a good software system to input all of the data. 

When we won the primary and I worked on the 2008 general election one thing I noticed versus John McCain was he had less volunteers on the ground and they wasted time when they went door to door. (this is just in the area I worked in Ohio). They would argue with someone to vote for McCain at their house for a good 20 minutes. If someone tells you "I'm voting for the opponent no matter what" You don't spend 20 minutes trying to convince him you move on. In those twenty minutes, you can hit 5-6 more houses. It's just a waste of a time to argue. Rarely did I ever speak about the issues with people because I didn't want to waste time- only if I thought was it worth it and I always explained why I was voting for him and for people to make up their own mind. In addition, in my area the McCain volunteers were at odds with the Republican Party volunteers (for local elections- republican party wanted to take many mccain volunteers and use them for local campaigns...) Also, they didn't work on Sundays where I was at. Which is fine- I get the reasoning behind that but while they weren't working we worked 24-7. 

Sanders has a good following if he can turn that into thousands of volunteers working for him- he has a shot. Primaries are state by state- it's certainly doable. If he picks up momentum watch out

Republicans have a good shot to win 2016 as well- if they pick a solid candidate. Romney wasn't good and while McCain was a solid candidate his VP hurt him. I think- it would help them if they changed their platform on marriage equality. that likely wont happen though 




 It is a throw away vote, it will make ya feel good, but you won't win.  




 Because he would lose. If you don't run in the big two- you lose. If he runs as a independent in the gen election he would lose, and then probably take down the democrats with him.  




 It's an interesting process. They do lie for votes because people won't vote for them in primaries if they are too moderate. Then come general election a lot of people have to go more 'middle' so opinions change.  




 Nah. It doesnt.  




 That makes no sense.  




 You didn't answer the question sir.  When you think of the current economic situation in Greece, how best do you think they can get out of this crisis? 




 When you think of the current economic situation in Greece, how best do you think they can get out of this crisis? 




 YEAH!!!!! 




 Does anyone notice that this is basically just Real Steel in it's pre-conception age? 









 And what does this do exactly? 




