 i dont get why people said football is not popular in the US. the MLS have more attendance than NHL and NBA, and the 94 world cup in US still hold the attendance record after 20 years. 




 CIA does not investigate crime, FBI does, they can investigate all crime that used communication and financial infrastructure of the US. those people dont really need to be in the US when they commit the crime. 




 why are people calling him a whistle blower? he is a crook that got caught and turn informer to save his own ass. 




 Arthur Anderson gone overboard with destroying document 









 there will certainly be some kind of sexual fetish that this apps fulfill  









 i dont think that is the biggest problem with the movie 









 who would win? 









 Causing unnecessary anxiety for those people that are already having a stressful time with air travel and being inside a high value target?  Or that the airport security may shoot him dead in front of his kid that he bring along for this stunt 




 Carrying gun to an airport just sound a incredibly stupid thing to do, how does he think other people will feel when they see a guy not in uniform carrying gun there 




 unless Jaqen H'ghar is actually Arya from the future, come back in time to lead herself on the road to become a badass 




 Zico is already in the race 




 but if he is doing this intentionally, it is a terrible plan, he have no control of his own movement and have to depend on luck to find someone that can free him. 



















 Karsi is showing the sand snake on how have a awesome character introduction within 5 minutes 




 we should all remember John Oliver takes one for humanity 




 Qyburn's work on moutainstein continue, will be completed in next episode? 




 where is Varys now? he should be joining the Danny advisory board now, and get Little Finger and Olenna Tyrell to complete this all star team. 




 how can you be exiled to friendzone when he never even exited friendzone 




 and he will insist on being the lead singer. 




 we still remember the scream 




 an ego trip 




 is he resigning and getting one of his crony to be elected? 




 holyshit 




 The UN cannot do this kind of heavy lifting, it is not a world government with his own army. and a lot of problem rises when you have to beg for troops from different member countries. which may withdraw their troops when the fighting get tough.  




 Swiss police will investigate this national time keeping scandal 




 Buffon later reported Messi to the police, to be deported as an illegal alien 









 it think saddam gassing the shit out of villages count as sectarian violence 



















 Why they enter a mixed league in the first place when this is such big deal for them? 




 Other than his desire for sexier attire for women footballer 














 cannot wait for the day he be extradited to spend 20 years in federal ass pounding prison. 




 what is his final form? 




 Berlusconi + Ancelotti + Ibra.

that is a unbeatable combination  
























 if he give one WC slot without playoff from UEFA to Oceania, Australia will sure jump back to that group and resume beating everyone there 20-0 until the only game that matter with NZ 




 that last remark just sound so funny coming from him 




 FBI new target, Ocean Eleven 




 goddamn it, the palestine issue is just a sideshow, he make it sound like it is the most important thing that happen this week 




 2026, one final score before retirement? 




 WTF is Blatter talking about? 




 damn it, Burt Macklin should bust in the door and cuff Blatter now 




 if the shit than happen this week are not going to topple Blatter, nothing will, it is hopeless.  




 trial by combat 




 goddamn Spain vote for Blatter!!! 




 i thought it will be much closer, sure blatter will win, but not at this margin, how can so many people still vote for blatter after this week? 




 but this is for election with more than two candidate right?

what is the point of voting two round with only two candidate? 




 i am expecting Rains of Castamere to start playing anytime now 




 what just happen? 




 black sepp blatter is bored 




 so i assume once Sepp go black he never go back? 




 move it Zambia 




 Ukraine #1, take that Russia 




 Jerome dont seen to be able to take another round of this shit 




 who will Switzerland vote for 




 I am the captain now! 




 is there only one women voting in 200 FA? 




 Qatar should just sent Nepal to vote for him 




 best korea already voted, they are DPRK 




 why did the camera zoom in to the guy's hand? 




 why FIFA cannot hire a DJ to drop some beat, it will make these guy move faster 




 somebody find pakistan 




 it is "secret" 




 Kim Jong Un just won the election, it is over 




 Jerome going to have a break down on live TV 




 north korea are not impress with these capitalist pig 




 we need instant replay on that, where is the 4th official? 




 for England!!! 




 Portugal seem overly tense 




 what game is england playing? 




 why they cannot just push as button at their seat and instantly all result is in? 




 so much balls that he put dirty money right into bank account under his own name 




 Proven track record to serve all your money laundering need 



















 solid argument there, i am sold on this, someone please let me know where to collect the cash 




 can confirm this is the work of the devil 














 Blatter will use his favourite argument that this is a racist and colonialist statement, that some nations matter more than others.  




 no one else can investigate the labour condition in qatar other than the qatari government 




 you can count all African vote to Blatter, and at least half of Asia 




 those are just off duty soldier going for vacation in Ukraine 









 FBI send over Burt Macklin, he is a son of a bitch 
























 nope, he will make a deal to give up all his evidence on FIFA to not die in prison 




 US still hold the attendance record for WC after more than 20 years. even in Brazil the attendance cannot top the 94 WC. 




 http://www.theguardian.com/football/2015/may/28/sepp-blatter-fifa-africa-zambia

How Sepp Blatter won the hearts and minds of Africa to ride out Fifa storms 




 they really just need UEFA and CONMEBOL to form a rival WC of similar quality.  




 xenophon is a famous greek 














 http://www.theguardian.com/football/2015/may/28/vladimir-putin-fifa-united-states-meddling

Russias Vladimir Putin accuses United States of meddling over Fifa arrests


Vladimir Putin has accused the United States of meddling outside its jurisdiction by arresting officials from Fifa.

This is yet another blatant attempt [by the United States] to extend its jurisdiction to other states, the Russian president said on Thursday.

Putin added that the arrests were a clear attempt to prevent the re-election of Fifa head Sepp Blatter and that the Swiss had Russias backing.

It looks very strange, the arrests are carried out on the request of the USA side, he said.

They are accused of corruption  who is? International officials. I suppose that someone broke some rules, I dont know. But definitely, its got nothing to do with the USA. Those officials are not US citizens. If something happened it was not in the US and its nothing to do with them. 














 extradition of foreign citizen for criminal investigation is normal, countries that have extradition agreement will do this for each other. that is why when you are on the lamb, you run to a countries with not extradition agreement with the country you are running from. 














 Madoff got 150 years, Rajaratnam is also still in jail 




 HBO need to reair John Oliver segment on FIFA 




 i believe they will return to Europa and win it again 




 does not matter, once he is charged anywhere, his days in FIFA is over. 




 Jack Warner is like 70 years old right?

i believe he will cut deal to not die in prison 




 tax evasion, they did not report the bribe as income. and money laundering when they move the cash through US banks 




 http://www.bloombergview.com/articles/2015-05-27/u-s-treats-fifa-like-the-mafia

The prosecutions are being brought under RICO, the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act of 1970, which was designed to prosecute crime syndicates that had taken over otherwise lawful organizations. Roughly speaking, the law works by allowing the government to prove that a defendant participated in a criminal organization and also committed at least two criminal acts under other specified laws, including bribery and wire fraud. If the government can prove that, the defendant is guilty of racketeering, and qualifies for stiff sentences, the seizure of assets and potential civil-liability lawsuits. 









 the Swiss investigation are specific to the two world cup. the US investigation in on CONCACAF and CONMEBOL bribery, 2010 and 2014 world cup.  



















 in 2011 they got Chuck Blazer by the ball, Chuck turn informer and help FBI tape FIFA internal meeting. the foreign corrupt practices act have statue of limitation of 5 years. 




 Adidas must be regretting the endorsement deal that specify their ball need to be on every FIFA press conference table.  




 how much money you will need to paying for these people to be willing to do 20 years in federal ass pounding prison? especially when the ability of the FIFA people to pay is in doubt, there is always the risk that they will also indicted when investigation widen. 

the exec arrested today will give up all the evidence they have to make a deal. that is just self presevation 



















 i thought the Swiss are always on time, why is this press conference still not started? 




 England are now sixth favourites to host the 2022 World Cup following today's developments with the USA among the leading pack to replace Qatar. Ladbrokes have the 1994 hosts at 3/1 to stage the tournament.
Who will host the 2022 World Cup? Here are the latest odds: Qatar 1/6, USA 3/1, Australia 8/1, Germany 12/1, South Korea 25/1, England 25/1, Japan 33/1. 




 more bad news for FIFA

http://www.theguardian.com/football/live/2015/may/27/fifa-officials-arrested-on-corruption-charges-live#comments

World Cup votes - criminal proceedings opened

The Swiss Federal Office of Justice has announced it is now questioning 10 people who took part in voting on the 2018 and 2022 World Cup bids. More to follow. 




 still, he does have a point about the 36 team plan 









 i dont see why these people will do time for Blatter if they got the evidence to turn over for a deal with DoJ. it is not like FIFA are going put a hit on federal witness. 




 https://twitter.com/BillNeelyNBC

Bill Neely @BillNeelyNBC
Charging #FIFA officials on minor tournaments,not #Qatar2022 is like arresting Al Capone on tax charges. #getyourman 




 he already wear a wire to FIFA meeting for the FBI, i think he already given up all the dirt he have.  




 those 15 are going to flip for FBI, just like Chuck Blazer. only question is how much evidence they can produce on the boss. 




 imagine, Sepp Blatter in a Geneva lake front house, hold a golden AK, hitting a huge line of coke, while outside a team SEAL emerge from the lake and take up position ..... 




 you dont mess with Bubba 




 the news got even better

http://www.theguardian.com/football/live/2015/may/27/fifa-officials-arrested-on-corruption-charges-live

Although Swiss authorities have confirmed six arrests took place in Zurich this morning, the Guardian understands as many as 15 people worldwide might have been taken into custody. 




 Jeffrey Webb, Concacaf president, arrested  reports

No names have yet been confirmed by Swiss authorities, but among those arrested this morning is reported to be Jeffrey Webb, president of the Concacaf (Confederation of North, Central America and Caribbean Association Football) federation formerly controlled by Jack Warner. 




 lets hope FBI will sent Burt Macklin over to take these guys into custody 




 CIA cannot confirm or deny that this is true 




 even if oil price rise they will still be in big trouble. they are buying petrol from US at market price to be sell at the pump at effectively free price. the massive market distortion is fueling the massive smuggling operation. the more international oil price rise, the more demand there will be for smuggled petrol from venezuala.  
























 hey, Bloodborne is a PS4 exclusive 









 rebound jihadi 














 Australia take bio security very seriously, even bringing in a piece of dead wood would need to be quarantined properly. 




 did you guys watch him in Wolf hall? he also play a religious leader in that series. several actor on the show was also on Game of Thrones like Anton Lesser aka Qyburn, Thomas Brodie-Sangster aka Jojen Reed, Mark Gatiss aka Tycho Nestoris 




 North Korea are the world leader in making large statue, since they have been making so much of them at home, they have been exporting these expertise abroad. 

http://www.bloomberg.com/bw/articles/2014-03-27/north-korea-bags-5-million-for-building-two-mugabe-statues

North Korea may be cut off from much of the world, but the so-called Hermit Kingdom manages to run a thriving multimillion-dollar business building monuments, statues, museums, sports stadiums, and more for a long list of countries, many of them in Africa. Its most recent deal fetched $5 million for two statues of Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwes longtime president, to mark the leaders 90th birthday. 














 is Jorah the Explorer's quest to escape friendzone finally coming to an end? 




 he is not just thinking about doing it, he have make concrete action toward that goal.  




 precisely why he made this statue for himself. 





























 wow, the anti vaxxer found someone dumber than Jenny McCarthy 




 the logic checks out, this is legit warning 




 maybe is written on the sign outside 














 Adebisi would be a great used car salesman 




 He was annoying when introduced 

But pairing with Jonah make him comedy gold 




 He will be at the subway by the end of his first day 




 This episode is on fire, the jokes just keep rolling in for beginning to end 




 the be fair, bin Hammam is the one that benefit most from Qatar winning the bid. for Blatter it make bin Hammam a rival to his reign. 









 this is no way worst than Iraq, hundreds if not thousand can be shot within a weekend in a Iraqi city under ISIS. 




 no, UK is the union of NI and GB.  




 just when you think Florida Man cannot be more over the top, this shit will bring him to a new level 









 update : 18 shot this weekend in Baltimore

http://www.baltimoresun.com/news/maryland/crime/blog/bs-md-ci-shootings-20150524-story.html 




 "Just couldn't stand up to the modern urban crime environment, man." 














 he want to sent you to a nice summer camp 




 he did work hard to cheat 



















