 Yes, senior members of UKIP think so too. UKIP failed to convince 600,000 voters who actually did vote for UKIP at the Euro election to so again at the general - losing support throughout the campaign.

While the figure nationally is impressive, but it failed to win the seats it had a good shot at. Even Carswell lost support. 




 12 months ago UKIP were competitive in 11 seats, in February they hit a poll high of 17%, and fell to 12% at the end of the actual campaign. By any reasonable standard thats a failed campaign, more people wanted to vote UKIP at the start of the campaign than actually voted UKIP at the end of it. UKIP supporters would do well to think about why that was.

Interestingly their polling bounced briefly on each debate, but fell sharply in the week afterwards. 









 They did lose 600,000 voters compared to the European Elections. 




 Also doesn't require 6 buses of riot police to escort rugby fans to the ground! 




 Admittedly its taken 24 years for an active F1 driver to compete in Le Mans, but Hulkenberg just finished the race [not mentioning the result]. 




 True. We're just as bad though. England fans have [sung anti-IRA chants at Scotland supporters](http://www.theguardian.com/football/video/2014/nov/19/england-fans-anti-ira-songs-scotland-match-audio), Celtic routinely sing [pro-IRA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82MXTJrJtTY) chants and sectarian songs.

If you offend easily don't go anywhere near an old firm derby in Scotland and avoid Millwall fans like the plague. 




 I suspect he's in the running to replace Kimi if Ferrari don't pick up the option in July. Ricciardo's availability is uncertain, Williams almost certainly have an option on Bottas, so Hulkenberg would certainly be in the frame. 

Having a driver with long experience of the Mercedes powertrain would certainly be attractive to Ferrari, which might swing their thinking away from Ricciardo. 




 The BBC reported the story as it affects the UK and none of the victims were British - the problem here being teenagers becoming radicalised, not waves of suicide bombing victims.

I really don't see the issue with their take because the greater tragedy is that he's not alone and others are being groomed as we speak and that will only result in more victims. 
 




 In law the licence fee is a tax and because of that the BBC has the same prosecution power HMRC does. 









 What she was alluding to was power structure and privilege - the currency of distribution and decision making rather than overt racism or gender discrimination. The two are very often confused, but also often intertwined.

I'll give you a real world example this goes back to the 80s. 

My father belonged to a village golf club near the large town I grew up in. The golf club wasn't open to female members unless signed in by male players and there were no BME members despite the nearby town being highly diverse. It was in modern terms actually sexist and functionally racist even if the latter was only partially intentional.

My father was not wealthy, upper class, nor were the other club members, but his job involved the distribution of public money into building projects. All the work went to other club members, while deals were not done on the golf course the relationships that drove the decisions were made there and only there. The councillors who made decisions on projects were members too - all very cozy - not actually nor intentionally corrupt but functionally so.

Over 30 years that meant that enough public money to build around a quarter of a million housing units went to the denizens of one very small village golf club and seven or eight businesses located nearby. Those relationships persisted for more than a quarter of a century. That was just the way things were, and are, done. 

Basically there was a privileged power structure around the club which was both racist and sexist in some form and completely exclusionary.

This wasn't some well known gentlemen's club for the super rich, or a parliamentary cabal controlling the country, it was simply how things were done everywhere. The vestiges of that power structure remain - they are far less overt in the 21st century but they absolutely exist.

In short form all she did in a professional context was make a poor choice of words on a university twitter account 'white trash' which she admits was wrong, and ask white people not to attend a meeting specifically BME women. There were some additional tweets, but those were on a personal account, unconnected to her work and are indeed how that community expresses itself.

 




 That's a straw man argument you've constructed around what *you* think her job is. As a white male I'm not offended nor am I injured by being *asked politely* not to attend an event specifically designed for BME women, its actually a very reasonable request.

As to her comments in the video response she's completely correct - it's a highly academic view and few will understand it expressed in the way it was, but it is accurate. In my society I am not robbed of opportunity by my race or gender - many people are and without good reason. Many right wingers will argue that isn't the case because of positive discrimination and what they see as reverse racism, but they don't exist in a society where the appearance of their name on a CV causes it to be removed from consideration, nor do they exist in world where there is debate over the validity of their Englishness because their parents were immigrants or they were born into a given religion. What most right wingers complain of is actually perceived loss of power.

His job is to teach and mentor. Half his student body is female, as are many members of staff and colleagues on his advisory panels. Expressing this opinion is utterly disabling to that work and basically means he can't do that work without concerns over his partiality. 




 Yes, its referred to in the original guardian piece. 




 What he said was not merely controversial, it was absolutely wrong no matter the context, it is an outdated and thoroughly incorrect gender stereotype for which there is no justification whatsoever. He accepts this.

Had, as he now claims, his remarks been intended in a jocular, ironic way, one would imagine he was attempting to start a discussion over the role of women in science. Instead he dismissed the contribution of his female students and colleagues summarily and now complains that he has been dismissed equally summarily, even going so far as to suggest labs should be segregated. 




 No they weren't. He didn't conduct a discussion on the matter with the audience, he didn't invite questions, he simply made his speech and left. 

He is now claiming the greatest hits - moment of madness - remarks were meant to be humorous - not sexist etcetera. 




 We apparently believe as a nation that this kind of treatment has been warranted for politicians or other public figures for more than 30 years - this treatment is the raison d'etre of the tabloid press. 

Nobody raised an eyebrow over the countless people the Daily Mail or the News of the World did this to - celebrities, we are told, deserve it because they have 'chosen' to be public figures. Social media has allowed that standard to apply to every walk of life. It might be wrong, but the way you're applying it, is a double standard.

The point is that it's obvious to any reasonable person, in the light of his comments, he is unable to do his job with any credibility. 




 Bahar Mustafa isn't a senior academic and doesn't have a role in educating and mentoring the next generation of scientists. Its not the same thing at all - and her words were met with equal derision and scorn. 




 Turned into?

Where have you been living all these years - have you seen the way we operate the criminal justice system let alone the tabloid press? 




 You missed the part where he called for a sexually segregated workplace. He made it very clear that women have no place in *his* lab.

He seems unaware that he summarily dismissed the habits of every female scientist at his academic institutions and the workplace behavior of every woman he has ever practiced alongside in two sentences. His female cohorts were not given any quarter or any right of reply - so why should he receive different treatment?
 




 There was no ambiguity in his remarks, he left no room for doubt about his opinion of female students or women in the workplace. How can he possibly operate in any 21st century workplace having said what he did? 




 There is no justification for his remarks - he admits that himself. 

His complaint is, in essence, that he has been denied due process and the speed of his dismissal was cruel. 

He seems unaware that he summarily dismissed the habits of every female scientist at his academic institutions and the workplace behavior of every woman he has ever practiced alongside in two sentences. His female cohorts were not given any quarter or any right of reply - so why should he receive different treatment?

He cannot, having said what he did, have any shred of credibility in the classroom or as an adviser.

The problem, he proposed, was that men and women fall in love in the lab and that this was disruptive to science. Moreover, he said, women cry when their work is criticised. For the good of science, he suggested, labs might be sexually segregated.  









 Its funny that the more people know about what's actually happening with the car the less happy they are with the racing.

Pretty much all of these arguments were deployed each time we've had a major engine shift since the 90s - I heard some of the complaints made in the first turbo era! The whole point of shifting the technology platform *is* to slow the cars down. The speed always comes back. 

Yes, the racing has become dull, especially this year, but its simply a need for closer racing. 

In the 80s and 90s everyone was going nuts because engines lasted 5 minutes and the cars were held together with tape. Now everyone is getting upset because the engines and cars do last. Having whinged endlessly because hard tyres made dull races, fans apparently want them back. The same goes for refueling and whole host of other things. 

The world and its wife is wishing mortality would catch up with Bernie whilst lionising the age when he did actually have full control of the sport - in this era the teams are in charge but the problems are all Bernie it seems. 

Everything old really is new again!

Murray Walker talking about the 1986 Spanish Grand Prix in 2013:-

It was a race that was all about fuel management and tyre wear - don't let anyone tell you that the current era is the first in which drivers have had to take care of their cars during a grand prix! 




 Remarkable how quickly Cameron has turned into Major.  














 I don't disagree, but I was referring to the period following the election. 




 Given the only budget areas not affected by Osborne's latest cuts will be Education, Health and International Development the plan seems to be to cut so hard and so deep everywhere that no one knows what the hell is happening. 

The plan, such as it is, appears to be the Teapartynomics pioneered by Bobby Jindal in Louisiana and Sam Brownback in Kansas - ultra low taxation and spending on the grounds that allowing the super rich more wealth means they will invest more. It has unsurprisingly failed spectacularly and killed growth stone dead. 

Interestingly Kansas actually has a law requiring a balanced budget, similar in nature to Osborne's blatantly political Mansion House idea. 

I grow more concerned with the policy ideas of the atlanticist faction of the Tory party each day. 




 It depends on the system but under most forms of PR UKIP would have gained 80 or so MP's and the SNP 30. You can argue about the electorate, but ultimately 35% of the UK electorate *chose* not to vote including  29% of the Scottish electorate, despite the stakes involved. The gap between the yes vote and the general election vote is more credibly explained by lower turnout and a divided vote among the Unionist parties.

The fact remains that the SNP would *still* have a majority in Scotland in any Westminster system you choose, and the Scottish Parliament elections yielded a similar result to the GE even under PR. My libertarian friends would describe that as the tyranny of the majority (I think they're nuts) but that's where it is.

If you take the Indyref and general election results together with one eye on the manifestos then Scottish voters voted for either DevoMax or Home Rule - certainly the latter is what is being sought by the SNP and the polling on independence since Indyref shows a narrow majority in favor of separation. No credible observer of politics doubts there will be another referendum in the next decade, but the SNP need to build a credible fiscal case and solve the EU membership issue. My bet is they will seek a federal setup and then argue for independent membership of the EU.

You can't sit there and ignore the size of the victory based on a felicitous argument about PR whilst pointing at the 29% of Scottish voters that gave up a say in the matter as if that proves something.

Personally I favor PR with mandatory voting and a none of the above option. 




 I haven't argued that the FPTP system isn't unrepresentative - in fact I've been a lifelong supporter of PR and would rather have had AV than FPTP even if the electoral reform offering was the worst form of PR. 

Its certainly the case that this election was the most unrepresentative result in British electoral history - but that doesn't make the SNP's achievement any less of a success - it certainly is a vote for some form of independence. No matter if they achieved 59 MP's or a more reasonable 30 MP's it's still a landslide any way you look at it. 




 I really don't see how you can argue that with growth down, recepts down, debt, borrowing and deficit up, employment growing but only at the bottom end of the job market, and facing a guaranteed period of economic uncertainty driven by the referendum that the UK is well placed to handle shocks. 




 Well, in actual fact you're the one choosing the goal posts. Since your original point was that the FPTP is easy and that's why the SNP won - you've since gone on to argue that FPTP is easy for the SNP and difficult for UKIP. 

My point was that the Scottish result is a massive achievement - a landslide victory for the SNP in every possible way. If you really wish to contrast the two the SNP removed a manifesto commitment it has had for 20 years and moved to home rule agenda driven by the result of the referendum. UKIP moved further right than it ought to have (according to their own people) and, riven by internal schisms, failed in 9 places where it had a very decent shot at victory. In essence, buoyed by fleeting successes, it tried to compete everywhere and split its focus. Basically UKIP tried to run before it could walk and would have done much better had it pursued the SNP's more focussed strategy over the last 5/10 years.

You also can't argue that the SNP benefited from the referendum and not acknowledge that UKIP benefited from the Euro elections and two by-elections in a similar fashion.

The SNP has sought PR throughout its history, UKIP having had a campaign failure, has suddenly seen the light on PR and I have little sympathy for its position for that reason.

Clacton wise Carswell had 53.0% of the vote in 2010, 59% in 2014, and *fell* to 44.5% in 2015 - still a massive result, but it has a great deal more to do with Carswell being a trusted MP than it does UKIP policy, given that UKIP had no national manifesto at the time. Indeed Carswell, having failed to become UKIP leader seems poised to leave the party. 




 I don't disagree that the election system is unrepresentative for small parties, but you're attempting to use this fact to argue that the SNP vote is not a major achievement. 

UKIP won the votes of just under 7% of the English population, whereas the SNP won the votes of just under 30% of the Scottish population - the SNP's success was far larger than UKIP's.  




 So you're arguing that FPTP is an easy electoral system for the SNP, but a difficult one for UKIP. 




 No it isn't. You need an extraordinary swing 8% to move the needle especially when there are two strong parties in the same spectrum. As a result of the Tory and UKIP position at the last election Labour would need at 10% uniform swing to gain office, just as the Tories have complained of bias because the collective strength of Labour and the Lib Dems has meant they would need a similarly large swing to gain a serious majority.

The SNP managed a 30% swing - unprecedented in the history of British politics. 




 No. All of the polling conducted since the referendum shows greater than 50% support for independence, even among unionist party voters - it really is quite extraordinary.

It would appear that many in this sub can't accept what is happening in Scotland. 




 Nonsense. Last quarter's growth sank to 0.3% from 0.6% in the previous two quarters - the reason was the construction sector shrank by 1.6% again! Despite weak growth in services. Construction seems to be Osborne's bte noire.

The employment market is recovering but at the bottom end not the top end, which is affecting treasury receipts. More minimum wage jobs are being created than well paid jobs, and youth and graduate employment remains disasterous.

Borrowing is up, spending is up, debt is up, growth is down, the wrong kind of jobs are appearing. I can't think of a single one of his promises he's actually kept to! I don't see how you can possibly claim that Osborne is either well regarded or vindicated. 




 The downgrade in outlook is really a warning that the UK is very poorly placed to absorb any economic shocks. The uncertainty over a Brexit would form a potential shock, and a Brexit itself would be a giant economic shock. 














 Arrivabene has said there are [no guarantees](http://www.crash.net/f1/news/219831/1/arrivabene-we-have-drivers-that-can-jump-into-a-ferrari.html) over Kimi's seat because there are other options.  














 Its normal globally, and the UK has relatively low levels. Social housing, major infrastructure like crossrail - those two alone amount to around 20 billion in government spending during the last parliament. 

All major housing developments have a social housing component and to make that affordable for developers each receives some form of government assistance (profitability and cashflow on development is narrower than people think).

This is one of the many reasons government spending isn't like household accounts - if your home stops spending at Tescos you don't have to worry about Tesco going under. 




 To be honest most of the people I speak to think the nation has an overdraft and a credit card. Its embarrassing. 




 Default is unlikely but not impossible. The rating directly affects the amount of interest paid on the national debt - lower ratings = more interest.

What made the credit rating agencies look foolish was using the argument you outlined as a reason not to downgrade, and that was a very large part of the causes of the 2008 recession.  




 Osborne cut infrastructure spending to the bone which immediately caused a collapse in the UK construction sector, at which point he started pouring money into it all of a sudden despite his pre-election and 2010 promises not to. 

There were external problems as well, as you say, but no serious economists thought Osborne's initial zeal was wise in the circumstances. 




 Basically Balls was correct - Osborne cut spending, particularly infrastructure spending, too quickly in 2010 which tanked the construction sector and nearly tipped us into a second recession. He spent 2011 and 2012 backpedaling and the consequent rise in the deficit and spending hurt his targets badly. The 2013 credit rating downgrade caused a further rise in debt interest - these were among the reasons that he couldn't meet his deficit reduction targets. 'Plan A' went out the window very quickly indeed despite his rhetoric to the contrary.

The downgrade in outlook is really a warning that the UK is very poorly placed to absorb any economic shocks, and a Brexit would be a giant economic shock. 




 A very large part of the 2008 recession was that the ratings agencies didn't downgrade their outlooks or credit ratings so there was, in effect, no warning of the coming storm. 




 Wiping out the [deficit](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_Sector_Net_Cash_Requirement), officially known as the  Public Sector Net Cash Requirement, isn't the same thing as wiping out government debt - [debt vs deficit](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-25944653). Osborne intends to wipe out the former (around 80 billion) but won't be able to do much with the latter (1.36 trillion). 

Removing the deficit brings down the interest paid on the debt. The economic discussion is about how fast you can do this without destroying parts of the economy because that affects growth (low or negative growth increases the deficit). For reference government spending is around 46% of the economy down from 55% in 2010.

The credit rating applies to government debt bonds, if the rating falls too low then banks are not allowed to invest in them and it also directly affects the value of the interest we pay on the debt which is currently accruing at 2 billion a week thanks to the deficit - the lower the rating the greater the interest. There is a decent explanation [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bond_credit_rating).

This is very bad news as it indicates low confidence in the financial stability of the UK and its ability to meet its obligations. 



















 You could make the same argument about virtually any policy area you care to mention. 

The point of a democracy is for those in power to make a case to the public for the policy direction they wish to take (I don't believe this is done enough anymore). The public won't accept a direction they don't agree with and it will just end up in a giant fight, just as climate change has. 














 The grand prix there is going ahead in 2016 according to the site that cannot be named. 




 God I hope not. We need a clean break from the Blair/Brown governments. 




 I agree - but I'd also point out that the grey generation are some of the largest users of medical weed out there - and that's resulted in opinion changing among that age group significantly too.

Tipping point is almost there, we'll see it in our lifetimes. 




 Have a look around - most of the recent polling hits the same notes. I chose that particular link because it was the most detailed I could find - there is wide support for cannabis policy reform but little else.

My point was there is too much variation on the issue. Most of the polls on reform come out around 50 - 59% - not solid enough ground *yet*, but it's coming. Once the polling moves up an order of magnitude and the 2010 intake become senior then the main parties will change their approach. 




 You'd have to get the public to vote for a manifesto commitment to *really* change the core approach on drugs policy and there just isn't enough public support on the subject for real change.

You can fiddle with it a little, I'd much prefer an evidence based approach, but it's simply too controversial. Just look at the debate on prison reform. We can reduce recidivism by 90% with proper community based sentencing for non-violent offences, but the public don't want to hear it and the debate takes place over rapists and murderers just as the drugs debate focusses on dead teenagers, gangs, and evil drug lords.

For the LD's and Greens who have absolutely no influence on major policy its the easiest commitment in the world because there is no chance of their implementing it. 




 You can blame the main parties all you want to but the reality is it's [50/50 or very close to that](https://yougov.co.uk/news/2011/06/16/drugs-policies-dont-work/) across most public polling on the subject - which basically makes it a lose-lose issue. Until public opinion on the whole canon of drugs policy moves beyond 60% in regular polling governments won't touch it. 

Regular polling on Gay marriage hit the tipping point at around that mark. Drugs are well on their way to an evidence based approach after the 2020 general election thankfully. 









 Such is right wing thinking on drugs I'm afraid. 




 *Only* 50% really? 

We haven't had a national government with more than 41% of the vote since Major - according to the commentary three of the victories since 1992 were landslides and they had at most an 8% swing, 30% is unprecedented. The last time a national election turned out a 50%+ result was Stanley Baldwin in 1923.

The SNP discovered that talk of independence or another referendum were indeed a turn off for voters and removed it from their manifesto, they were given a mandate instead to fight for greater fiscal autonomy, their manifesto commitments essentially add up to home rule.

As I said earlier the Indyref and general election result taken together with the independence polling since the referendum appear to be a rejection of the timing and the plan for independence, but an endorsement of the idea and of moving in that direction and attempting to answer the key fiscal questions whilst resolving the EU membership debate. I would be very surprised if the SNP don't attempt to move for independent membership of the EU during this parliament.

The SNP are already moving toward fiscal autonomy, and the national government will either be forced into a federal approach or Scotland will move toward independence once there is greater evidence of Scottish national solvency. Any way you examine the outcomes it is a vote for independence or effective independence. 




 Thats not the case, this is just their latest prototype. They admitted a while ago that their dyno wasn't correlating with the track work and they couldn't figure out why. 




 The trade union conversation has really become about money more than policy. Labour members were asked during the last election to donate (a bit too frequently in my view) to fund the campaign. I certainly did - and that's what it comes down to. 

If we are going to decry the influence of money in politics be it left or right then we, the membership, have to be prepared to put our money where our mouths are.  




 They achieved a 30% swing and took 50% of the Scottish vote with 1,454,436 - double the vote share of Labour and fully half of the electorate on 71.1% turnout. In any electoral system thats a landslide. 

Personally I favour PR but you can't sit there and pretend this wasn't a landslide and a clear statement of intent from the Scottish Electorate. If there is a majority in Scotland for the Union it's an extremely narrow one 50/50 at best. Were the voting trends we've seen since 1997 to continue there will be independence in a decade or less. 




 What on earth are you talking about? 

The SNP won all but three Scottish seats under FPTP - one of the hardest systems to achieve that under! 







































 I think you may be underestimating the amount of switchers. 




 Perhaps unionist voters stayed at home, but if they did it would have to have been in small numbers, some Scottish seats saw 80% turnout! I really think you can't look at the Indyref and general election results together and not see them as a vote for home rule and eventual independence. The result also matches a trend in SP elections that has been going on since the first Lab/Lib coalition post 1997 - declining unionist votes.

Even looking upon what the unionist parties have to offer Scotland kindly I can't see a resurgence for them in Scotland without a very big screw up from the SNP that forces the electorate to look elsewhere for leadership. 




 16% lower turnout in the GE than Indyref easily explains the gap.

An overwhelming landslide in favor of a party that has had Scottish Independence at its core for 20 years might also be an indicator of intent. 
























 The level of population in remote areas has nothing at all to do with the expense of maintaining and delivering infrastructure to those areas. 




 What's amusing about your statement is that the eras many people in this sub think fondly of are all eras where Bernie had more power over the sport than the teams did collectively. 




 Interesting to note that the modern conservative party logo bears a striking resemblance to the [Tory Party](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/89/Royal_Oak.png) logo 




 If you believe GE was not a vote for future independence then I have some beans you might be interested in purchasing. 




 The argument (as its made in this sub and elsewhere) is that Scotland receives more money from Westminster via the Barnett formula than Wales or Northern Ireland and therefore is well off. England is, in essence, a generous parent and Scotland should be happy with what it has because it couldn't do better on its own. It is as patronising and paternalistic of an argument against independence as exists.

The point of the remaining statement, as is quite obvious (because that's what the barnett formula pays for), is to serve as an example of why the basic infrastructure required in Scotland is quite different to that required in the majority of England.

If you have an opinion on what I've said state it plainly, I'm not playing the quoteback/leading question game. 




 The GE and Indyref results taken together suggest the people of Scotland were convinced of the idea of independence but not the timing or the details of the plan presented for it by the SNP. 

The fact is that if the referendum campaign had run another month or two Scotland would be independent now - that cannot be ignored. 




 Its rather like the Eurosceptics that argue that we must repatriate powers from Brussels. Ask them what powers and the response is "all of them", ask what problems this causes the UK and the response is "big ones" or "we must free ourselves from the EUSSR" - its a definition free debate.

So Cameron has said he wants treaty reform, but hasn't defined what that looks like (same situation for Thatcher and Major), allowing him to get what he can and either claim its the path to treaty reform which is a slow process, or claim that this is the best deal we could get, and declare victory. My bet is the latter.

Arguably this is what Thatcher did with the rebate and Major did with the Social Policy exemption. Thatcher regretted her decision and 1970s support by the end of her premiership.

Ultimately we want the trade and military support without the federalism and don't see that as a lack of reciprocity - just a recent surveys have suggested the British want free access to Europe without Europe having free access to the UK. Its a very tiresome position. 




 Its wealthier per head only because some wag created a self serving argument that allowed the English people making it to paint themselves as generous and superior. As an Englishman I'm embarrassed to hear such an argument made.

Anyone with any actual experience of living in Scotland realises that nothing could be further from the truth. Not least because England doesn't have to deal with the realities of getting emergency healthcare to a community 4 hours from the nearest hospital, or delivering education and utilities to villages so remote they are closer to Oslo than London. 




 Independence is inevitable.  




 The UK broke up in 1914, everything done since then regarding policy towards Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland has been part delaying tactic and part nation building. 

During the referendum campaign no major party leader could articulate a single sentence answer to why the Union is important, or a positive vision for the future of Scotland within the Union. The people of Scotland saw that and voted accordingly. 




 Precisely what Thatcher and Major did when confronted with the same problem - get some kind of concession and declare victory. 




 That is exactly what led to the FOCA/FISA war, the rise of Bernie from team owner to leader of the sport, and the invention of the modern FIA.

What the teams wanted was a team led sport, they got it, could not agree on anything and so left it to Bernie. 

The teams wanted control again in the early 2010s and that led to RedBull effectively ending FOTA, the creation of the F1 strategy group, the current financial settlement, and the present demands to leave it to Bernie again.

Past is prologue, especially in F1.

Bernie will give you exactly what you want and merrily watch it burn down around you whilst playing both ends against the middle. The object lesson being be careful what you wish for - you might just get it.

 




 There is every chance of his going full Schumacher. The reason that Ferrari are the only team to support refueling's return is they know there is more to running a big team than the car - data is key - and to win again they not only need to improve the car but also disrupt the rules in a way that affects Mercedes ability to calculate strategy. 














 To both you and /u/Kingy_who/ i'd point out that those nominations add up to only 162 of the 232 parliamentary party so there are still 70 MP's left to declare an allegiance. 

If past is prologue those members will declare for Corbyn and Creagh in order to ensure a debate. 




 The 7 most marginal seats have Tory MPs but with a collective majority of 900 votes. The next 20 have a majority of less than 10,000 collectively. 

It wouldn't take a dramatic improvement in the fortunes of the second place parties in the most marginal seats to wipe out the Tory majority. 









 Only 31 of the 137 F1 teams that have ever existed have won races, only 22 of those have won more than two races, and only 13 teams have won more than 10.

Even Porsche only won 1 Grand Prix.

Top 5 most wins in the history of the sport:-

- Ferrari 221
- McLaren 182
- Williams 114
- Lotus (58' - 94') 79
- Red Bull Racing 50
- Brabham 35

Only 5 of the 22 teams that have won more than two races are still active in the sport. 




 Get the election results spreadsheet and have a look at the bottom 100 seats. Even under FPFS the shift in the second placed parties combined with the change in electoral landscape make the loss of 100 or more Tory seats likely in any case. 

That's the real message behind this election - the Tories played well and scored a majority they didn't expect whilst everyone else fizzled out and arguably fear won the day - but the electoral landscape over the next two election cycles look very poor for both of the main parties as neither can count on their core vote in the way that they used to. 









 For the reasons stated above - in all the permutations of voting systems the Tories won the last election in terms of seats. However 7 of those seats are based on only 900 voters, the next 20 marginals less than 10,000. Their win is razor thin and they know it - 10,900 voters actually decided a Tory majority rather than a coalition.

They may actually need the additional votes nationally to count going forward. If the LibDems were to improve in only 2 seats, and UKIP in 5 and Labour 5 their majority is gone. Electoral reform might actually offer a hedge against UKIP depending on the system. 




 Rosberg to Ferrari  Bottas to Mercedes 









 I think the Tories are about an inch away from going for electoral reform themselves. What the Tories like to call the 'bias' in the FPTP electoral system - two strong left of centre parties meaning they would need an unlikely swing to win - has now reversed with the collapse of the LibDems and the rise of UKIP. 

The implementation of boundary commission's review is now not so attractive as it would create new and uncertain marginals and cost them 8 of their 12 seat majority at a stroke.

The inherent risk in the referendum is that it shatters the internal Tory coalition and does for UKIP what the IndyRef did for the SNP - creates a 'neverendum' situation with the added perils of defections to UKIP. 

The only way they might cling on were UKIP to become stronger is something like STV. 




 Well, they charge the traders, not the bosses. What we actually need to do is go after the people at the top - only then will the poisonous culture in banking change. 




 In the USA, Canada, and Australia illegal immigration is the serious problem. While we also have an illegals problem it's nowhere near as big as it is there. But we realise that interrupting commerce with draconian searches is a much more costly problem than the immigration.

We already have a points based system, it's based on the Australian system with the addition of tiering, and it works well - it's just a byzantine nightmare to navigate and it's very expensive to the user.   

Cameron's embarrassment is twofold - you can't crack down on non-eu immigration (which is the largest part) without hurting the economy, and open borders is a red line for the rest of the EU even though in many respects they have a larger problem with immigration than the UK does.

The bigger problem, from my perspective, with the amount of oxygen the ludicrous debate on immigration is sucking up is that the global economy is weak, the banks are far from under control, and if the pattern holds we are three to five years from another recession. 

Wasting time on a referendum and its attendant crowing will do nothing but put off businesses investment and allow the tories to ignore the economy whilst tearing the hair out in public. 









 Depends on the timing. If you could get it into a period along with several other big events, Pride for example and the Hyde Park concert series, Formula E, and maybe resurrect the British Empire Trophy as an LMP race, all while sharing logistic support, routes and facilities there could be a way. Having it around the British Grand Prix weekend would also cut shipping costs.

I've often thought staging the European Grand Prix as a series of events on road courses and moving from one capital city to the next - London - Paris - Madrid - Berlin - each year so the cost isn't entirely on one city might work. There are promoters who would take it on. 




 And yet their system often prioritizes unskilled workers - and the fact remains that the points system is only one of several systems!

The second study was one I mentioned, from the UKBA Migration Watch Committee because it's conclusion is complimentary but focusses on only A8 data. If you actually read the study rather than the hyperbolic press reports it too concludes that:-

We find no association between working-age migrants and native employment: (i) in buoyant economic times; (ii) for EU migrants; (iii) for the period 1975-1994. By contrast, we find a negative association between working-age migrants and native employment: (i) in depressed economic times; (ii) for non-EU migrants; (iii) for the period 1995-2010.

So outside of recessionary periods (Q2 2008 - Q2 2009) when there is positive growth there is no link, and looking at the wider dataset, as the first report does rather than just considering A8 data, there is also no link.

Youth unemployment has been a problem for some time - especially since the credit crunch struck in the mid 2000s. Looking at the geographic data it's mainly focussed in inner cities where educational attainment is poor. The shadow economy is also a factor - those employed in illegal enterprises still show up in the figures along with gap year students and young people working in the voluntary sector or caring for relatives.

Companies are less willing to train staff, less willing to hire younger people, and often have young people working in internships who are entirely supported by the benefits system or the bank of mum and dad. Public sector job cuts also disproportionately affect young people as the public sector is more willing to hire the young.

My good friends daughter was forced to work through four years of unpaid full-time internships prior to finding a job, another friend's daughter went for one of this government's much vaunted apprenticeships only to discover it was a complete con and she was stuck as the tea girl for a year both received JSA and were classed as unemployed throughout.

The reality is the majority of young people with good educational attainment are not competing for the same jobs as migrants. 




 My original claim was that the ''Australian' style system actually prioritizes many professions that UKIP considers to be unskilled and unworthy.' The points system doesn't consider skilled or unskilled it simply prioritises the professions the economy needs more of to expand and fast-tracks those, there is also a secondary general immigration system in place that takes 18 - 24 months to complete, and a third system dealing with de-facto partners and family. At the moment you'll get very high points if you're a general labourer or hairdresser because those are in demand.

Your point was that 'Points systems are designed to bring in skilled workers, not just to make up the numbers.' And that simply isn't the case - skills are not the issue, demand is, and you can still immigrate fairly easily anyway.

Odd that the highest periods of youth unemployment were between 1992 and 1998 and between 2008 and now. Quite how a quote on Labour's early 2000s immigration policy supports your argument on youth unemployment is as mystifying as your *highly* dated view of what working class is.

The Major report on the subject by National Institute of Economic and Social Research (NIESR) is entitled Examining the relationship between immigration and unemployment using National Insurance Number registration data.

It concluded:

Our results seem to confirm the lack of impact of migration on unemployment in aggregate. We find no association between migrant inflows and claimant unemployment.

Overall therefore, our results indicate a lack of any significant correlation between migrant inflows and changes aggregate claimant count rates, in line with the general message emerging from previous research that migration has had generally negligible effect on unemployment rates.

In fact studies by The Borders Agency Migration Advisory Committee, NIESR, and a review of the data by Oxford Universitys Migration Observatory all found no significant link between immigration and youth unemployment or employment in general. 




 They had talks on this in 2014, Westminster Council is actually running a consultation on it this year - there are serious moves afoot. 




 You very much mis-understand the post war landscape and economy based your commentary. Especially the Blitz, London was the worst hit city with over a million homes destroyed, but that amounted to less than 10% of the housing stock, in Coventry only 2,306 houses were destroyed and all of that had been rebuilt or replaced by the end of the war - not in the post war years. 

Given your quote on points based systems "Points systems are designed to bring in skilled workers" you have been proved wrong - the point of a points based system is to focus on the economies *needs*, not to differentiate between skilled and unskilled. 

Youth unemployment is always high after a recession, it has zero to with immigration. Kippers do love to have it both ways - we're allegedly awash with unskilled migrants and they're competing with educated British youngsters for the same jobs. Hmm. No serious research substantiates this and no serious economic thinker believes it - the same thing happened post 1992
 




 Yes a great deal of people had been killed in the war, but we still had to embark on the largest national housebuilding programme ever completed to accommodate the returning troops, refugees, and foreign troops that fought with us - in excess of 1.5 million European people including 180,000 of the 500,000 German POWs who chose to stay despite being used a slave labour after the war.

But the fact remains that we had 16 working people for every pensioner in the UK in 1948, by 2000 that number had shrunk to just 2. Far from 'maintaining industrial productivity' we were desperately trying to rebuild industry of all types - everything had been repurposed for the war and the country was virtually bankrupt.

Right now our working age population is 32.7m out of an estimated population of 63.7m, fully one half of the population are financially supporting the other half.

Points systems are designed to bring in skilled workers, not just to make up the numbers.

Points based systems are in fact designed to flex with the needs of the economy for almost all of the 2000s Australia's most sought after skills in the points catalog were hairdressers and general labourers. Since the majority of net migration is non-eu and our system is already points based that would suggest that UKIPs assumptions about the needs of the economy are somewhat out of step with reality. 




 Our birth rate had sunk so low that we were a decade away from population shrinkage, and our pensions (75% of the welfare budget) had become perilously unaffordable. We needed more working age people between 25 and 45, there is only one way to achieve that.

Filling the population gap with immigrants is exactly what the 'Australian' points based immigration system was designed to do.  














 Probably around the time Farage stops dismissing losing manifestos as drivel, and stops making NHS policy, and other policy on the hoof.

But UKIP does have ideological ground based on its recent manifesto - authoritarian, statist, neoliberal-ultranationalist-conservatism.

Actually what bothers me about the UKIP manifesto is the ignorance of it. We already have in place a points based immigration system based on the Australian one and we have had since 2008, all non-eu migrants on a 3 month or longer non-tourist visa already pay a 200 annual fee for health insurance prior to entering the country, in addition to being required to have travel insurance with repatriation and medical expenses cover. Those from the EU are covered by a reciprocal system - presumably Farage is aware of this as thats how he's covered when working in the EU. 

Apparently UKIP is seeking this 'Australian' style system, even though a whopping 23% of Australia's population is foreign born and their system actually prioritizes many professions that UKIP considers to be unskilled and unworthy of in work qualifications like hairdressers, general labourers, stable hands, and horse groomers.

The list of policies in the UKIP manifesto that are already in place is actually very long indeed. Having read the document it seems to be entirely based on what UKIP supporters think is happening in the country as opposed to what is actually happening.

In general UKIP places, morally, what the UK taxpayer pays for, what UKIP considers to be foreign citizens, above what EU governments pay for our citizens, even though the number of UK citizens claiming benefits in the EU outnumbers the amount of EU citizens claiming benefits here and our system is less generous. The party also gives not a moment of thought to the stresses placed on EU government systems by the 2.1 million UK nationals living in the EU even though 400,000 of those people are pensioners and the population we've acquired in return is 98% of working age, but lionises the alleged stresses placed on our systems by migrants. In other words UKIP likes to present itself as a party of fairness, balance, and reciprocity for work but is nothing of the sort.

Its also deeply amusing to me that under UKIP's manifesto if Boris Johnson or Daniel Hannan were prosecuted for speeding they would be deported - both being foreign born citizens - no matter their immigration status.  




 I should have added 'fear' - it seems to be the strongest motivator for UKIP supporters. Just exactly what are you afraid of?

There are 2.34 million EU Nationals living in the UK, and 2.1 million British citizens in the EU (400,000 of which are pensioners). Our age dependency ratio has finally recovered to a point where we can actually afford our pensioners and that wasn't the case in 2000 when we had two working people for 1 pensioner (in 1948 we had 16).

Of the UK citizenry as a whole 11.9% are foreign born (a group that includes Daniel Hannan and Boris Johnson). That's a lower percentage than the USA, Canada or Australia.

UKIP supporters keep jumping up and down and claiming the world is on fire and the surest sign of that is apparently immigration, not the state of the global economy. Frankly the gut-wrenching small mindedness of the party's platform as a whole makes me weep. 









 Fundamentally I agree that we need to be fairer to people, but thats not the rhetoric UKIP is famous for. 




 That experience includes several hundred hours of online debate and 70 hours of doorstep campaigning in Croydon Central during the last election. So yes, it is solid evidence. 




 What he actually said was:-

"motivated to some extent by racism," while others voted for UKIP out of "despair," believing they were "some kind of anti-establishment party".

Having debated with UKIP supporters for some time both of these statements are entirely accurate. Many of the UKIP supporters I've spoken with fixate on the notion that someone, in essence 'less deserving, is getting something they're not. It often appears that the heart of their arguments is an unfocused feeling of loss of power.

Many UKIP supporters - particularly those on the DT - refer to 'The Establishment' in a negative context and claim their party is funded by its membership. They're often upset to discover that the party's major donors are all members of 'The Establishment' and all donate to 'LibLabCon' - you might be forgiven for thinking that those donors are only after a peerage.




 




 I think if he's consistently qualifying the car below its potential and not challenging Seb regularly in the next few races then Ferrari will give more serious thought than they appear to have at present to replacing him this year. 

Personally I believe they already wanted to replace him at the end of this season, but it depends who they want to go with next, and what's in the way in terms of that driver's contract (Seb is also a consideration). Bianchi obviously put a crimp in their long term plan.

If he can't get his qualifying sorted out then, were I Ferrari, i'd go find a younger driver with good speed and hire them on a short contract. Hulkenberg has the speed, Ricciardo or Bottas would make excellent long term replacements. 

If they wait a year Rosberg would be out of contract (it's *so* hard to challenge Lewis in the same machinery - I wonder if he's sending a message), and Verstappen or Sainz might be ready for the big time - both have been very impressive. 




 The point is that other drivers could deliver more in that seat than Kimi has this year and do so more reliably - Ferrari drivers generally leave the team when there is a large gap to their teammate. 

Massa for example was consistently earning points, but placing 6th in the WDC when Alonso was turning in 2nds or 3rds. Kimi's situation isn't that bad yet, but it is moving in that direction, and his qualifying is a serious problem - it might easily make the difference between 2nd in the WCC and 3rd. 

So the question is twofold - Is he justifying his salary, and is he helping the team more than hurting them? Right now Ferrari could acquire a driver with more potential on vastly less money and still achieve the same or better results.

Disclaimer: I'm a huge fan of Kimi's, I'm not saying he's a bad driver. 














 Hamilton on Vettel in 2012:

"I think hes a true champion," 

"Hes polite, hes never in trouble, hes squeaky clean and a genuinely nice guy. He speaks incredibly well and carries himself really well. And at the end of the day you have to do the job even if you do have the best car."

The most dominant car/driver combos in F1 history are (in order of percentage of victories in a season):-

- Ascari's 1953 Ferrari 500 (75%); 

- Schumacher's 2004 F2004 (72%); 

- Jim Clark's 1963 Lotus 25 (70%);

- Vettel's 2013 RB9 (68%);

- Fangio's 1954 Maserati 250F A6GCM (66%);

- Schumacher's 2002 F2002 (64%);

- Jim Clark's 1965 Lotus 33 (60%);

- Vettel's 2011 RB7 and Hamilton's 2014 W05 (57.89%);

- Fangio's 1955 Mercedes W196 (57.18%).

So right now he's tied for 8th on the all time dominance list with Vettel. The distribution of those dates says quite a bit about the history of the sport. 




 Its a more complicated calculation than 'is he delivering on track' - he's a great driver no question, but is he delivering results and experience at Williams another driver couldn't? Not really.

Williams (have said publicly, indeed Massa himself has said publicly) that they've hit the point where money is more of a drag on the team than driver experience.

Massa is also 34 and at the end of a three year deal, from his point of view he remains marketable in other series with his current results (but knows that won't hold forever), from the team's point of view they could hire a driver on a third of his salary and still deliver the results they're getting. So it might be good timing for both to part ways.

Younger drivers also tend to come with sponsors that could help the team (I don't mean pay drivers), and are generally more attractive to sponsors. Its equally possible Mercedes might cut them a sweetheart deal on engines to take a Merc young driver - they're making a play for Verstappen. 



















 Singapore + Melbourne + Monaco  









 It won't hurt either, that's a fifth of their losses last year - 10 mil is not pocket change. 




 Totally awesome! 

I've been wondering if the reticence at Lotus over the Renault sale might be an early sign there is an investment coming from Mercedes or a Mercedes aligned business - they will be wary of the Ferrari/HAAS effort and need a guaranteed seats for their young driver programme.

Ricciardo would make a great choice for a resurgent Lotus. 




 I agree - its a much more complicated calculation than just results. 

Every time Rosberg says it's hard to race Lewis in the same machinery I wonder if he's telegraphing a message to Ferrari. If they did keep Kimi for another year Rosberg would be out of contract at the same time that they would be looking for a replacement. 

Really unlikely though, as you say. 




 I think thats what they'll probably do. 

But it's possible for them to make a calculation and take in a youngster now who has potential, or a cheaper driver that could produce reliable results without challenging Seb.

When you consider Kimi is on $26 million a year including bonuses, Rosberg on $14.8 million and Hulkenberg is on $4 million and Bottas $1.1 million there are considerable savings to be had. 

Might be fun for Ferrari to make a play for Rosberg!! 




 Its a more complicated calculation than 'is he delivering on track' - he's a great driver no question. 

Williams (have said publicly, indeed Massa himself has said publicly) that they've hit the point where money is more of a drag on the team than driver experience. 

Massa is also 34 and at the end of a three year deal, from his point of view he remains marketable in other series with his current results (but knows that won't hold forever), from the team's point of view they could hire a driver on a third of his salary and still deliver the results they're getting. So it might be good timing for both to part ways. 

Younger drivers also tend to come with sponsors that could help the team (I don't mean pay drivers), and are generally more attractive to sponsors. Its equally possible Mercedes might cut them a sweetheart deal on engines to take a Merc young driver - they're making a play for Verstappen. 




 I totally agree, they owe him for all the development work he's done. But they've reached the point of diminishing returns on the development and, at this point, its the money more than the experience holding them back. 

Equally on track Bottas is starting to overhaul him more regularly and overall, they could get better shopping around. That wasn't true last year. 




 All true. Really I'm saying that he isn't extracting the maximum benefit from the car for the team reliably enough and that's what generally does for Ferrari drivers. That spin allowed Bottas within 20 points of him in WDC, which is a big deal (as you say though, not 100% his fault, but it does beg a question).

Equally Ferrari could hire Bottas, Hulkenberg, Ricciardo or Button and likely achieve more reliable results for less money. 




 I think it's mainly the qualifying performance for me, along with a few too many avoidable incidents like the spin. Really if Kimi still had the *reliable* pace he used to then he'd be worrying Seb for third on the grid in quali every time out and I just can't see that happening on a regular basis.  




 Senna had 162 race starts, Hamilton is on 155 as of yesterday and Vettel 146. 

So, no, they have not had more 'chances' than Senna.  




 Seb to equal it first, Hamilton will surpass it first. 




 Plenty on eBay and Gumtree - also check out the coach trip packages from nearby cities. 




 Kimi is one of my all time favorite drivers and he deserved three WDCs (Damn you McLaren reliability). 

But even I think that he isn't performing well enough for Ferrari after the last few races - what changed my mind is that, looking at Seb's racing, other drivers could do more in that seat than Kimi. 

Same thing applies to Massa. Williams would be foolish to keep him in that seat much longer. 









 Couldn't agree more. 

I get that the candidates are 'taking out the trash', jettisoning and disowning anything that proved to be poisonous or that we lost the argument on, in order to allow the party to build a new platform but we're beginning to sound like the Conservatives. 

I can't help but think that the leadership candidates all come with the word 'interim' etched all over them.

We appear to have lost more than the economic argument. 









 What has Red Bull gained from its media 'war' with Renault - nothing but bad publicity, loss of faith in the team once it was clear that the chassis was also a problem, and the regular embarrassment of its senior team members when they were caught out blaming everything on Renault.

So I'm with McLaren on this one. Honda will get there eventually and its not worth blowing what will likely be a fruitful partnership once they get the engine working. 














 I don't see how its unfriendly - all the race data (and an amazing amount of it) is within a couple of swipes and thats a very tricky thing to handle UX wise. The menus and the rest of the app are quite annoying, but the in race stuff works very well indeed.

They even have text *and* audio commentary and allow you to download and replay the race. I used it a couple of weeks back to follow the race whilst taking the kids around Comic Con. 




 Both at the same time! 




 This is available in the current F1 app. 









 This places him 5th in the all-time list and less than 400 laps adrift of the 4th spot which is held by Vetell. If the season carries on the way it has so far he'll surpass Prost and possibly Senna in this record.

Hamilton had 49 entries in the driver record books at the start of the season and he now has 57 - the only people ahead of him are Vettel and Schumacher. 














 These are 5th components so I would assume additional 




 And about a dozen radio stations. 




 This went out on the RBR twitter feed just now - which is where the link is from. 














 I'm a British fan and Sky F1 is British channel with a British audience - there is plenty of non-British commentary to choose from. 




 Last year he definitely did, as I say he kept locking up. This year is a different story though. 




 It depends on what country you're in. I paid 20 quid for the year mainly for the live timing during races. You can also pay monthly. The app itself is free so you can download and have a look. 





























 They get taken out as time penalties - so he's gotten dropped to the back of the grid and has a 10 second stop go at his first pit stop. 




 Look none of what you've had to say so far is at all correct - especially what you've written above. I strongly urge you to read up on the *actual* history of the sport, especially the concorde agreement, the formation of FOCA and the FOCA/FISA war, again.

You'll note this year that FOM has launched a social media effort, which is actually pretty good. What you don't appear to have understood at all the complexity of the commercial rights behind it. The point Bernie was making last year - was that social media, while desirable, is expensive to implement, staff, and isn't going to make the teams the kind of money necessary to enhance the sport and it is therefore very low down on the order of priority for FOM. 




 You are right of course - ultimately businesses that are friendly to the community will have to advertise that is the case instead - there is already such a scheme for B B's. 




 I don't think anyone is really arguing that people should be forced to do things they are uncomfortable with. After all the fundamental of the LGBQT marriage debate is that people who disagree with LGBQT marriage don't have the right to force that opinion on other people's lives through the state or the church.

But if you're not a gay friendly business then you *should* advertise that fact to avoid embarrassment for both parties - but bakeries, just like B B's, don't want to advertise that they're not LGBQT friendly because it might hurt their business.

Therein lies the rub - those unfriendly to the LGBQT community are well aware that their views are outside the mainstream and that once this becomes known it could damage their business even amongst the straight community. Not only that but several of the bakeries have said that they have no problem with LGBQT customers, they just object to wedding cakes - that is a perilous line to tread - your money is only good for some purchases, but we won't tell you that unless you ask.

A little over a generation ago people were refused service by churches and many wedding businesses because they were divorcees seeking marriage - interestingly that was treated as an absolute wrong and the debate surrounding it was a lot less angry than this one even though the fundamental issue is identical. 




 I used the official F1 app to listen to the race commentary whilst taking the kids to Comic Con London the other week - stream cut out frequently but it worked very well indeed. 




 The teams needed to be incentivised to improve reliability. 




 Because when any driver does that much overtaking it always ends up being labelled a demolition derby - happened to both Hamilton and Rosberg last year.

Points mean prizes. 




 Craig Scarborough is suggesting its been an ICE change. 









 You're thinking of gearboxes - thats a five place penalty. 




 No, if they are fitting a new unit and Eric Boullier used the word 'new' then he'll have to take a penalty (assuming this is engine 5). If Eric misspoke and they're installing a reconditioned unit then he'll get away with it. 




 I have a feeling we're watching the early days of a Hamilton/Rosberg style duel that will be fought out over a number of seasons in the future - something that may suck for Ricciardo.

Totally agree though I'm not questioning Verstappen's natural talent, but he'll struggle to get anywhere with the attitude he's been displaying, just as a certain Spaniard has. Many have pointed to this attitude being displayed by other champions - but they had established themselves first.

 




 Honda confirm its the 4th on twitter + Mclaren's account using the word engine - assume they would be more specific if it was just the turbo or MGU-H

https://twitter.com/McLarenF1/status/607170579037343744 




 10 for a new engine isn't it? 




 It turns out they are fitting a new engine and I guess that means a grid penalty - no FP3 for Alonso https://twitter.com/LauraLeslie23/status/607170597853007872 









 Or a demolition derby.

I've been very disappointed by his reaction to the Monaco crash, and it's not lost on me that Sainz is beating him hands down right now. 




 You only get to a position like Bernie's by being constantly successful at cutting deals allowing you to build a power base. He made it from a driver to team owner to the de facto leader of the sport. No one else in professional sports has been able to achieve that while managing the complex politics surrounding sports management, which is why no one else has a comparable record.

Bernie became powerful because he's very good at what he does and that makes his record all the more impressive. 




 It would be a 15 place drop, if he doesn't qualify high enough a time penalty too. 














