 Um, have you not seen the Spongebob Squarepants movie? 




 It's one of my favorites! 




 If you have a 3DS, get Animal Crossing: New Leaf. Your characters can visit each other and you can play mini games, watch stars, etc., and it's like you are on a real date! 




 You should post this to /r/wiiu and maybe /r/nintendo to get more responses 




 You're my new favorite person 




 People on /r/smashbros do, at least  




 Well, who doesn't do that? 




 Do you know the tier of schools where kids who excel in classes and tests but not in extracurriculars should apply considering it is so competitive at places like Harvard? 




 Where do you go to school? 




 Is it true that people don't wear shorts in france 




 Why don't you ask all of the boys in the yard? 




 Yay! 




 "President of the Electronic Gaming Society for Young Scholars" 




 Can you make CPUs be specific miis? 




 It just feels wrong to me that there are water and fire but no grass starters 




 Someone has a case of the angries today! 




 There's actually 38 




 I like seeing fan art though. :( 




 Does this mean there can only be 8 players at once? 




 I honestly think that the characters who have been in only pictures or in videos for a split second (like Game and Watch) are going to be the "hidden" characters of the game. 




 Rhode Island? 




 Woooo! Happy birthday us! 




 Me! We all must unite! 




 Yeah! 




 Thanks! 




 The 30th! 




 General consensus seems to point to Fire Emblem as a first choice! And if I can get any more games, it looks like I should decide between Kid Icarus, Wonderful 101, and Donkey Kong. Thanks for the responses so far! 




 Is it easy to find online matches? 




 Okay, thanks! And I have a question on Kirby, did you think it was too easy of a game? I've read that in a few reviews 




 I'm definitely considering fire emblem now as it seems to be a well-liked game! And I love Animal Crossing as well! 




 Thanks! Is earthbound a virtual console game? 




 I'm going to get a few games for my birthday, but I am not sure which ones to ask for! I am considering the following:

Fire Emblem: Awakening

Kirby: Triple Deluxe

Mario Golf World Tour

Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze

Kid Icarus: Uprising

Wonderful 101
 




 Yeah it is probably a good way to measure intelligence within your own school, but who knows the different teaching styles and difficulty levels between schools? 




 I think you would have to be reasonably smart to get a 33. I don't think that just being able to find context clues constitutes getting almost every answer right. 




 It's okay, I appreciated your post 




 Ai-Ai! 




 "Double ya" (w) 




 Yay! What does that mean 




 I think my life is complete now 




 I'm going to download this for my ~~boy~~ girl character. 




