 It would look like an iPhone, and a computer, and an iPad. In the future will everything just be black rectangles?  




 You should record yourself talking and then watch it in a year and see if you piss yourself off. 




 On my head. 




 I don't think there is any real correlation. 




 Luckily we have the "gas leak" to explain that mess.  




 YOUUR WIIIIFE 




 Already did. It's doing better here. 




 I don't know, why? 




 You found her! Also didn't expect her to be that old by now. 




 It's actually my least favourite episode of the entire series, even though I love puppets. 




 That's definitely not the intended order though. You don't watch the finale where Jeff and Pierce leave as the third last episode. The rest of it seems pretty correct though. 4 is supposed to be episode 2 anyway. I remember that. 




 Community does it too in their puppet episode. 




 Season 4 was aired completely out of order. There is a correct order somewhere on this subreddit. 




 It doesn't help that he capitalised "Room." 




 I don't think I'd ever have the confidence to do something like that. Good job mate! 




 Yeah. I get to talk to myself even more. 









 Yes and.. the movie would be relevant to our times. 




 It's true though. My little cousins spend all of their time playing with apps rather than toys. They got itunes gift cards for christmas. 




 Comedies tend not to have podcasts like dramas do. 




 Not having a relationship in 3 years is weird? 




 I also missed the start. Top Gear? 




 That's actually what this comes from. The light bulb in my fridge is burnt out and I have yet to notice any difficulty without the light.  




 Is that an irish thing? Eh.. cupboards? 




 But we don't have lights in presses. It seems we would face the same problem. 




 I don't know that much about it, but the thing I do to change region is enter in different settings on my xbox.
 









 Nope, on my xbox I used a different DNS setting. 




 The Day needs my saving expertise. 




 I don't think my interest in film helps. I'm constantly paying attention to sets, background extras and the like. 




 There's some pretty big problems with the widescreen version.  









 So I'm currently watching Buffy for the first time on UK Netflix and the first 3 season were in 4:3 which was all fine. Then with season 4 it changed to widescreen. However I'm now watching Angel alongside it and the stream I found online was in 4:3 which confused me considering they were both shot at the same time. 


After some research and annoyance I found out both Angel and Buffy were on US Netflix so I used a DNS to switch to that and it saved me a lot of trouble trying to find streams. However on the US Netflix Buffy season 4 is in 4:3 and Angel is in widescreen! It's like they have both changed ratios with each other.


 I've done some searching in this subreddit and it seems the consensus is Buffy was made for 4:3 and should be watched that way. My main question is "which way should Angel be watched, widescreen or 4:3?" And also why are they putting up different versions for different regions? 




 Do you have a link to the original thread? I'd like to find out what this is. 




 hitrecord.org is a great website for stuff like this. A subreddit would be cool is well though. 




 It doesn't take a minute to send a snap. 




 Will all food be dehydrated in the future? 




 Please, please do this for the whole stream.  




 I believe Funny Or Die invited them. They invited Johnny Bananas is well. 




 Rick and Morty is sort of a mash of all the shows Justin did for Channel 101. I really hope there is a reference to Cup at some point. 




 Woosh.

 




 Community? 




 http://imgur.com/9Rd1E4x 




 I guess [this](http://i.imgur.com/yQxjywp.gif) gif is incorrect. 









 Yep. http://community-sitcom.wikia.com/wiki/Pavel_Iwaszkiewicz 




 I get wicked cold bros, mad sleepy. 




