 Thank you. I hope It does too. 




 Growing up my parents weren't around a lot. They worked so their guidance and love wasnt given to me as much as a wished. I was beaten by all the people i called friends. Because of them i have back problems due to being hit with a baseball bat and kneed in the back. They also bruised my rib cage and almost killed me by choking me. Also when i was in 2nd grade i was almost killed again by beung choked by a 17 year old at the end of my street. The only person who was around was my "uncle". He faked his own death abd that crushed me. 6 months later he came back with some bullshit story but we havent talked since. On top of that my brother had a drug addiction and almost died multiple times. He stole from me and my family to buy pills. I wathced him destroy himself and couldnt do anything. Multiple people i was close to died when i was very young. I was also in therapy in elementary school for anxiety and anger issues. I went through 13 therapist before i was taken out.

Overall, a lot of stuff happened to me that caused me to look at the world as a horrible place. I realized how insignificant life was. I did not understand this feeling. I felt dreadful, useless, and felt like i was invisible. I didnt understand these feelings till about 8th grade. Its pathetic that ive let depression chew away at me and grab onto every aspect of my life. 




 My mother knows i am depressed aswell as my two closest friends. The issue is, i just try to act like im better. I constantly hide my feelings away from them in fear that i will disappoint them. I want them to think im better but i cant live this way anymore. I can continue being a shell of a person i once was. I feel so empty. I feel like their is a void inside me that is expanding and its killing me. I can not recall who i am no more, that or i am in denial of who i actually am. I hate myself and do not deserve the love and care of my family. Bot do i deserve love from the girl i hold close to me. I push the all away. I just do not want to exist. I always acted as if i didnt exist. I live in fear and isolation and ive tried to change but i cant. Thank you for your words. 




 Its just hard because i push all the people i love away and isolate myself. I cant look them in the eyes. Im not who they think i am and i am ashamed that im this way. I feel terrible that i live a lie and act that im better for their sake. Im dying inside. Ive been thinking about killing myself for a long time and have tried before. I have always failed. The only reason i am alive is so i dont disappoint my family. I dont want to pain them, but its so hard to continue living. Therapy is just so hard for me. It takes a lot out of me to talk to a therapist since i cope by trying to hold it in and distract myself. Im sorry.
 




 I actually have been to multiple therapist and was diagnosed. I do have to man the fuck up honestly. Its pathetic that i chose to post personal shit on here in hopes of maybe feeling better and hearing advice. I want to die but its hard to commit that act. I no longer want to exist but its my fault for feeling this way. I shouldnt feel sorry for myself and seek help. I should just be as great as you and have the motivation and courage to live. Honestly i do not want to live but just committing the act is so hard. Medication does not help nor does empathy from people i love and care for. I have a small will to live but im losing it. Im pathetic. 




 Literally all i do is listen to music. Since i have a sleeping disorder i get 15 hours of music in my life each day. I have longer hair so i can hind ear buds in during my classes. Music has helped me a lot but it can only do so much.  




 Every hobby that i have has lost all meaning. The things i love to do bring me no pleasure anymore and i cant find anything that absorbs me. I literally sit in my room and just wait for the day to end. Thank you for the advice.  




 I do not care to stay. They just deserve to have a good bye from me. I much rather at least give them that pleasure. I no longer want to live and i am not afraid to die anymore. I want to die. Its the thing i want the most. 




 Friday is the end of the week and gives me time to get everything together. It gives me time to see the ones i love one last time. I can look at the things that i love. I know that this is what i want and i just want to secretly say goodbye to everyone in my life.  




 I have a 3.85 gpa and i am going into multiple A.P classes but i do not say i am intelligent. I am dumb. I make so many mistakes. My whole life is just a huge mistake. I have witnessed so many things. I have experienced horrible things. I have been depressed since i was 8 and i cant take it. 




 I am extremely unattractive, physically and in my personality. I always fuck everything up and care too much. I always say nothing when i should have said something. I am devoured by fear, shame, and anxiety. I have been abused by all the people i held close. Maybe i deserved it. I have a thin line between empathy and apathy. I either care too much or not at all. I am a horrible person that never wonders why anyone else is sad. I only focus on the pain thats mine. I always think horrible things that make me only hate myself. My self esteem is gone. I do not like anything about myself. Im so damn ugly in everyway. I dislike the way i push everyone away and i hste that i isolate myself. Im so alone and its all my fault. I want to die is the most brutal way. I want to suffer. I deserve it.
 




 Ive tried so hard to help everyone before. I no longer trust people. I am insignificant to the people i love. I am nothing to those i hold close. 




 Ive been feeling this way for years. Ive attempted to kill myself multiple times before but either chickened out or i dod not succeed. I want this. I need this. Im sorry 




 I seriously can not do this anymore. I try and try and try. I feel so empty. I no longer want to live. Honestly, im so fucking angry. I want to fuck myself up. I hate myself with a passion. All i fucking do is push people away no matter how much i love them. I want to be alone. I dont need anyone. I fucking hate myself and do not deserve to fucking live. I hope i die. I do not want to exist. I feel so empty. Im sorry that my life crossed path with all of yours. I want to fucking die. Fuck me, fuck my life, and fuck everyone who has taken my kindness for granted. Maybe i do care too much. Maybe i care so much because im scared. Maybe i care too much to compensate for how shitty i am. I am going to disappear from everyones life for a while. Im going to crack but i may just disappear for a long time. I may just kill myself. I no longer know who i am. Ive lost myself. I feel like i no longer exist. Do not miss me. Im gone. 




 Haven't been able to get into any matches for the past week. Left my xbox on h2a playlist for half an hour and did not get but into a game. It's simply infuriating that mcc is still unplayable for the vast majority of active players. 




 This is rad. 




 I love the acoustic version aswell. Spirit desire is by far my favorite song by Tigers Jaw, and has a lot of meaning to me.  




 Id love to hear them replay their whole first album though. Itd be rad to hear them play all their old stuff again. I just hope they wont make another album like uno dos tre.  




 Yea anything after American Idiot was kinda bad in my opinion. I love Green day. First band i ever got into. No problem though. I'm glad that i could help! 




 A kerplunk one would be Kick ass. Fucking lover Kerplunk. Anyways I ordered it on [Amazon!] (http://www.amazon.com/30x40-Green-Day-American-Grenade/dp/B001B8UETM/ref=sr_1_1?s=home-garden ie=UTF8 qid=1424545093 sr=1-1 keywords=American+idiot+flag) Hopefully that helps I ordered it about a year ago. 




 I wanted the poster but had no money. Posture and the Grizzly and Rozwell Kid are fucking great. Both of them a recording new albums. I also met David F. Bello from TWIABP, Jnasty from Posture, and Sean from Rozwell Kid. They are all awesome people.  









 Dude I fucking Love TWIABP. I saw them in pittsburgh with Posture and the Grizzly and Rozwell kid. Rad show. The Emo Revival is amazing right now with stuff like Free Throw, Tigers Jaw, and all that shit. Love the Masked intruder and Clash poster. 




 That's cool. Collecting skate decks is pretty fun and they do make great decorations. I would hate to fuck them up. 




 Did you use to skate or just collecting? I love skating but if i find a rad deck i sometimes pick it up.  




 Those skate decks are rad! Nice. 









 I would say that this is my favorite. Next one's would be Good Good things, Coolidge, Sour Grapes, and Suburban Home.  




