 That's the nice thing about humor; there is a flavor for everyone.  I'm more of a Louis C.K. fan. 




 I bet it still tastes like freedom!  









 Oh, no offense taken.  It's funny how you go on hearing and saying things without ever really thinking about what it is that's being said.  Like that old McDonald's jingle, "two all beef patties...blah blah...on a seseme-seed bun."  I'll start saying in from now on. 




 I think he's throwing gang signs.  Kids these days... 




 I'm a grown ass man and this shit's funny. Get off your high horse and get a sense of humor. 




 You can kill a sub, but you can never kill what that sub represented. 




 This scientific study proves it. 




 As do I  _ 




 Here in Murika we use stupid units of measurement... 




 I didn't add that factorial and didn't notice it until now. Good eye. 




 You're right. I'm so used to hearing "on a bun" or "on rye" but it really is *in*, isn't it. 









 I don't have enough fucks left explain to you the point of this. 




 [Slow clap] 




 I agree.  I cook and make cocktails with lemon.  Also, lemon has plenty of sugars naturally. 

Side note; Liz Lemon is alright by me too. 




 *Before 5pm 




 Hurray! and Thank you! 




  /r/fatpaohate

Oh wow, my first time being the first poster to a sub. I feel honored. 

Time to update the 'ol resume. 









 YISSSSS!!! They're GRowing BIggerrrr! 









 I'm thinking fork lifts.  




 Let's go for circus sideshow fat! 




 I know their fatter than this.  Should have made the measurement in stones. Or maybe included the weight of their ego. 




 Thin privilege is making the rest of Wildwooders feel disgusting by comparison.  









 That's the most disgusting thing I've heard all week. It's like a gross coffee smoothie. I hate it when fat people try to act tough. It's like, we know your T count is low af and your bones are weak. Who are you trying to fool? 




 Crystal is one with the rug. 




 I asked: Confirmed Sith 




 That sounds really good. I think I'm going to make that into a cocktail actually. But here in America; without adequate sugaz we go into starvation mode and get fatter. 




 It's a trashy good time...when you're in high school.  




 TIL again. The Beetus thus forth. 




 The betes is strong along the jersey shore. 




