 Totally agree! Lol i would rather not have tambourine over a crappy tambourine. 




 A pastor that can preach the message about the shrewd manager. 
I havent ever heard a pastor that preached on this. 




 Costa Rica

Its basically a country where the land is beautiful, people are beautiful and nice, and just so damn peaceful. 

Def a place to visit at least once in your life. 




 As men we have way bigger egos then ladies do.
We might be the nicest guys in the village but if a woman disrespects us a good number of times then we will either go Godzilla on them or wimper away into a shell in the darkest cave in sight. Neither of which are good. 




 This should be at the top 




 Whatsup, im 90% lazy 




 Unless the persons a total introvert and overthinks stuff. Like me but still trustable tho. 




 I think they give loaners based on how long it would take them to service your car. Few hours of service means you sit your butt down and grab a free coffee.
Otherwise, grab a loaner most likely the same as the one you're driving! Unless they think you'll move one up. 




 They're probably like crap what do we give a guy that already has the best! 




 You're lucky theres an Audi in the picture. Else we would totally hate you! - Someone from the northeast 




 Totally agree with you. I feel happy when i do cry because finally i feel somewhat normal again.  




 Did you get to learn how to fly a plane? 




 Gonna go on a limb and say you work for Boeing. If true, you should check out the Boeing 747 documentary on the History channel. It was very good. 




 Where does God say that? Not that I'm for homesexuality but I've never read the Bible say anything about demons being against it. Unless its another holy text. But still would like to know. 




 Ahh the ole Ad Hominem logical fallacy

I thought redditors were better than this. 




 Well the warranty company was giving them a hard time! And I felt like I shouldn't argue since after all im leasing a new car for free. But now I'm at a point where I just want my old car back or at least something new. lol.but at least they are replacing it with a new engine. cost was $13 grand and I paid about $4k for warranty so warranty paid off for sure. 




 So I have been borrowing an Audi for a while now from my local dealer. They're replacing my engine under Fidelitys warranty which means they're taking their sweet old time (about to be 5 months now)

I didnt care too much because a new engine is better plus I get to a drive around a nice loaner.

Anyway my current dilemma is that I bent one of the rims and have a flat in one of the tires. I can probably get away with plugging the flat tire so I dont have to buy them a new tire. But I wonder what I can do besides just telling the dealer that hey I bent your rim.
I'm assuming if i tell the dealer they're either going to make me pay for the rim + tire + labor or contact my insurance (which Im assuming means a rate hike on my insurance). So whats the better option? Or do you think they won't care and just replace it on their own (wishful thinking i guess)? 




 I feel your pain!  They gave me a freakin galant at one of the dealers I went to. Needless to say that i never went there again!

My current and usual dealer usually hooks it up with a nice loaner like Q5, A6's. Best one yet would have to be A6 Supercharged. That car was something else. But never an S-series. I had no idea they loaned them out else I would've asked. 




 I had some fun loaners but never anything with an S! ahh I need to step my game up! 




 So there is a verse in the bible [1 Corinthians 7:9] which talks about not to burn with passion and if someone cant control themselves then they should get married.

I dont think these guys are at the stage where they cant really control themselves but I'm sure that the temptations are going to get stronger in the long term if proper boundaries are not set. 

Thats why courting with intentions of marriage might be a good idea. Im not saying they should solely get married for sex but if they do love each other and are compatible then i dont see why not again assuming they are somewhat mature enough to make that step.  




 You dont but if they're still living in their parents home and are fairly young then getting "parental guidance" would be a wise idea. 

Also im not suggesting marriage so he can start having kids. Im suggesting that if they are in love and with parental "guidance" they should get married if theyre at the right age rather than burn in passion and guilt. 
 




 No def not. 
Only if they truly love each other and assuming they have parental approval. 




 I didnt see an age. 
I'm not suggesting that they get married because they had oral sex. Im suggesting that these temptations are only going to escalate. So first create boundaries that will allow you to have some control over it.
But if they're near an age where they can be married than why not. Of course under the approval of their parents since they might not be old enough to make a wise decision in this matter. If they're 17 then def no and my comment on seeking parents approval would have cleared that out of the way. However if theyre in their early 20s then maybe they can. (Im basing this off on avg marriage age of 27-28) 




 I'm going to have to side with you haven't lost your virginity yet. 
Oral sex is not penetration. So you're still a virgin!

That said you obviously feel guilt so ask for forgiveness. And I would agree with an earlier post that starting right way create boundaries! Aka no alone time, etc. 

That said, how old are you guys, would marriage be an option? Because sexual sin is going to get louder. And if you two really love each other than it might be wise to get married with your parents consent. 




 I brought maggi to school once. I can totally relate to that kid. :/ 




 Curious to know. How did u turn out. Career wise that is?  




 Spike   AMC aren't live but they do have on-demand content.  




 So I'm looking at the S P and for that matter most stocks and everything is relatively going up.

We had two major crashes in recent years near the dot-com and the real-estate boom. Both were relatively priced at 1300-1500 S P. Currently the S P is at 2062. 

Do you think we're due another crash?

I'll admit that I don't know jack about investing but as a skeptic the idea that the markets are continue to go up, up and up seems far-fetched.  




 AMC too.

I would give you a login and password and you would be able to access on-demand content from all of the following channels : 
A E
ABC
ABC Family
Adult Swim
AMC
BET
Big Ten Network
Bravo
C-SPAN
C-SPAN2
C-SPAN3
Cartoon Network
Cinemax
CMT
CNBC
CNN
Comedy Central
Cooking Channel
Cozi TV
Disney Channel
Disney Junior
Disney XD
DIY Network
E! Pop of Culture
EPIX
ESPN
ESPN Deportes
ESPN Goal Line
ESPN2
ESPN3
ESPNEWS
ESPNU
Esquire Network
Food Network
FOX
Fox Business
Fox News
Golf Channel
H2
Hallmark Channel
HBO
HGTV
History
HLN
IFC
Lifetime
Lifetime Movie Network
Logo TV
Longhorn Network
MLBTV
MSNBC
MTV
NBA League Pass
NBC
NBC News
NBC Sports Network
NBC Universo
NFL Network
NFL RedZone
Nickelodeon
Oxygen
SEC Network
Showtime
Spike
Sprout
STARZ
Sundance TV
Syfy
TBS
TCM
Telemundo
Tennis Channel
TNT
Travel Channel
truTV
Universal Sports
Univision
Univision Deportes
USA Network
VH1
WE tv
 




 pizza 




 You know Modi's govt went to China right after a visit from US, right? Its just politics. Sit back down. 




 Is it ghee because chances are its ghee :) 




 Became an engineer but damn wish I was a doctor 




 You're right that we have lived in a bubble for the last 20 years. 

The question still remains. How will guys deal with this? U dont have to answer it but its just a question. And maybe the answer really is just that guys just suck it up. 




 If some girl says to you that they are "rebellious" and that I have to accept it. I'm sorry but how is that in any way considered an "ok" thing. 




 Not so much an article but a post on India questioning the same thing. 

http://www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/2ujezs/np_women_in_india/ 




 Even if you do make money you should treat others with respect.  




 Actually, her folks were middle class too.
She however was a doctor who studied in russia. Couldnt pass the exams (fmge or mci -- whatever its called) for the past four years but had the arrogance that she was A doctor.
I was ok with whatever crap was going to be thrown at me except for the arrogance. Not that I want a completely submissive wife or anything just you gotta have respect for each other. And if you're going to act arrogant than you should bring something to the table. 




 Think...
alpha = dominant
beta = passive, submissive, weak. 




 after visiting india recently I noticed that girls in India really are starting to act like jerks. this just continues to prove my point. lol. i actually wrote an article today you might enjoy or at least offer your opinion on. 




 **This post is going to come off as very arrogant. But I promise you that its meant in a good gesture.**

So i grew up in US for the past 20 years and before that I was born and lived for the 7 best years of my life in India. That said, few months back I went to India to "find a wife". I really didn't want to go but I went anyway for the sake of my parents. 

Anyway, I pretty much grew up as a beta male. Was always taught to be the nice guy and suck it up. Partly because our culture, religion, and upbringing has formed me to be this way. And honestly I enjoy being this way.

However when I went to India I realized that alot of girls are alpha females. They're disrespectful, arrogant and self-centered, etc. But at the same time they were confident, self-assured, smart, etc. Now don't get me wrong not all girls were like that but many were.
 
I guess my question to you guys is :
* How should the current generation of guys with our upbringing get used to this? (because in all honesty our culture hasn't prepped us for this)
* What happened to Indian girls? (was it the competition, pressure, etc) 
 




 Trust me they're very nice people. And the scenery is beyond beautiful.

 




 Theres gotta be a way that we can overcome teasing right? 




 lol something i would do 




 Costa Rica. Happiest country in the world. 




