 Incredible? slow down buddy 




 he also had a wide open dunk if Steph had made a fundamentally sound pass where it needed to be. you know he hasn't been hitting jumpers so as a PG, lead him to an easier shot.  




 They had to switch every screen because Delly was so gassed. Couldn't stick to him like he did the rest of the game 




 6 TO's doesn't equal efficient.  









 Anyone care to speculate what Lebron's "secret motivation" is that he won't tell anyone? I originally thought it was the MVP race and finishing 3rd this year, but he conceded to that last night but said that wasn't the secret motivation.  









 If we hold Steph and Klay under 50 combined points, we win the game. 
Bold prediction: Lebron finds his touch, shoots over 50%. JR and Shump combine for 40, Mike Miller scores 9 points, Lebrons final stat line is 42 points, 16 rebounds, 13 assists. 
 




 only difference is, I'm never gettin mad when somebody checks out my dick cleavage.  




 ahhh, I see we've found the founder of Edible Arrangements 




 yes, I want him to be treated the same way everyone treats Lebron so everyone can realize how insane it is.  




 be held accountable by people outside of the team. aka us, the media, etc. MVP's don't get a pass. ever.  




 yes, I realize. I'm not stupid. But, when you can't hit a shot, maybe stop shooting for a while and get the ball in the hands of the guy who was shooting lights out in the first half? Instead of chunking up 15 3s, find the hot hand instead. that's all I'm saying 




 But not to this extent. No one has ever experienced the criticism and just general hatred from fans and analysts everywhere like Lebron has. It's insane 




 ...he says now that Lebron isn't the one getting ripped to shreds. When it's Lebron, no one bats an eye. Curry? Everyone loses their minds 




 well, you can't. MVP's are held to all-time standards. fall short, accept the consequences.  




 No, actually you don't. As a point guard you can, ya know, pass. Create for others. Run an offense. I don't know. But if you're gonna throw up 15 3s and miss 13, you have to be held accountable. If you're going to air ball a go ahead jumper, you have to be ridiculed. That's how MVPs are supposed to be treated. If Lebron James can score 44 and miss a game winner by inches and get roasted for it, Curry most definitely can when he air balls it on top of a god awful night. This isn't even a conversation.  




 if the refs are gonna magically start calling post man travels then they're gonna need to call Steph for carrying the ball every time he dribbles when he brings the ball up from behind half court. literally puts his hand completely under the ball every time. but no call, bc fuck that call. just like that travel.  




 me too. heard he is actually really good in it 




 "LOTTA ENEMIES, GOT A LOT OF ENEMIES. GOTTA LOTTA PEOPLE TRYNA DRAIN ME OF MY ENERGY. TRYNA TAKE THE WAAAAVE FROM A NIGGA, FUCKIN WITH THE KID AND PRAY FOR YA NIGGA"
-Official Lebron James Playoffs Anthem.  




 Jay-Z like "nigga what the fuck? is you Jesus? shit" 




 I got that fuckin iron man shit keepin me alive right now 




 probably right. mikes barely played all year. but those 4 fouls on JJ weren't worth the risk 




 if Mike woulda splashed that... consider my shit officially lost.  




 you don't have to establish hustle. you have to establish shooters.  




 hahahah no it's not!! not when you're wide open with a layup! he has to convert that.  




 WHY THE HELL IS TT STILL IN?! HE'S DOING NOTHING 




 TT MY GOD.  




 What the fuck 




 TT and Moz gotta learn how to catch somewhere in her too 




 no they're getting in the lane and instead of taking the easy shot, they're trying to make one too many passes and it's always a turnover. so stupid. just shoot the shot 




 TT playing like absolute shit 




 I would love it if we would stop airballing floaters. And put backs by our bigs. that would be friggin fantastic.  




 OH MY GOD SHUMP. MAKE A DAMN LAYUP HOLY SHIT 




 I did it with listerine mouthwash. it was delicious. but probably awful for my body. 


worth it 




 that commercial had me dying 




 my body is ready 




 YEAH WHERE?! HELP PLS 




 Add "U" in there and you're good. Too real of a song not to make the list 




 Yes. just imagine how much better Lebron would be playing just by having KLove's presence on the floor. He wouldn't take 35+ shots and he wouldn't be missing more than half of them just bc there would be great spacing even if it is ISO heavy.  




 Gotta take a page out of the Warriors book and player manage better. From Lebron to Kyrie and Love to Varejao. We're playing for the playoffs, not the regular season. Gotta have them healthy for the playoff runs.   




 Totally agree 




 But just imagine what this team could be with an entire year together and hopefully with health on our side. This team has been remade and remolded every 2 weeks the past 50 games. Think this team could be dominant with health and a year together 




 http://i.imgur.com/qh56qoH.jpg 




 Parks and Rec! 




 I didn't mean he didn't have any plays at all. I just meant that his motion Princeton offense that they threw out in December doesn't work with a ball dominant guy. so the sets he does draw up are to get Lebron a mismatch on the post or a shooter coming up off of down screens. nothing that involves all 5 guys in positions to score like the Warriors have. that's all I meant. Lebron definitely needs to chill on the ISOs tho 




 No, you're clearly not understanding what I am trying to say. I'm saying the Cavs bench played as piss poor as they can and the Warriors got 35 from theirs. What I mean is, if the Cavs would have had a mere 10 points from their bench, they win the game assuming no Warriors score. Just showing how terrible the Cavs bench played and that it was still a winnable game regardless. asshole 




 Yeah for real. TT had 2 points. He doesn't usually do that. He missed some bunnies that he usually makes. JR won't shoot that poorly again, Shump won't either. JJ will knock a couple down. even Delly could hit something. I'm extremely disappointed about the Kyrie situation just for Kyrie's sake bc the dude plays so damn hard, but I still think this is a very winnable series. Lebron just has to go back to that "get everybody else going first" role he's played in the past and we got these guys. Keep the faith everyone 




 Yes, 100%.  




 Blatts offensive system doesn't work with a ball dominant guy. so when you don't have an offense, you run pick and rolls or post ups with your best player. they have literally no sets that involve 5 players at once. I don't understand why you're blaming Lebron for that though. coaches draw up and teach plays, players run them.  




 He took that because he's made it from the same spot with the same move in the same building while being guarded by the same guy before. It was a comfortable shot for him. I don't like it as much as the next guy but I understand why he did it 




 If the Cavs scored 10 bench points instead of 9 in regulation, we win. Don't get so blinded by the Warriors bench. ours played like shit, but if they just play bad we win that game.  




 I didn't like the shot from Lebron either, but I think I understood what he was thinking. He's made 2 game winners from that exact spot in the same building before. I think he was just going for what has worked in the past. and he took it early so TT or Shump, like what happened, could get a tip shot or something. I would prefer him to drive obviously but I wasn't mad at the look because he has made it before with iggy on him too.  




 Yeah but if the Cavs bench scores 10 points instead of 9 in regulation, they win the game. Could have been out scored by 20+ on the bench and still won. If you get 12 from JR and maybe 6-9 from James Jones next game, who knows what happens 




 Seems like the only option at this point.  




 Do your own research Mike! Aren't you calling the game tonight?! You had like 8 days to find this stuff out! 




 perfect song choice 




 Teams don't usually have Lebron James either.  




 LUHBRAHHHN JAAAMES was obviously the best part 




 I think the Cavs will have Shump on him to start. And he can more than handle his own. Then Delly will take some minutes and he can be a pest and stick to him pretty well. So I disagree with the notion that Steph will "roast" the Cavs.  




 That's just incorrect. Go watch that Bulls series again.  




 No answer for their shooters? So Shumpert, a top 10 wing defender in this league, and JR Smith who is an incredibly underrated defender as well dont count? matthew "shut down derrick rose" dellavedova? Lebron fucking James? bruuuhhhhhhh 




 the JR comment is just wrong. he's been consistently hot basically since he put on a cavs uni. and the warriors walked into the finals just like the Cavs did. Just because they played teams with better records, doesnt mean they played better teams. The Pels wouldve sold their souls to just win a game in that series, the Grizz never had a real shot bc they couldnt guard steph and he was just off in the games they lost. also, bigs-focused teams are a good matchup for them. and the rockets had a 37 year old spot up shooting guard playing the point and guarding steph curry. and josh smith, JOSH SMITH, started. 

Also, Cavs defensively are better without Love in the lineup. So him being out favors the Cavs defensively. This will be a much better series than 90% of people think. 
Cavs in 7.  




 bruh. this is nothing. go watch some 80s tape 




 asshole. lets have some maturity 




 Cleveland is that... Cleveland is the... 




 But they weren't though. They were a 60 win team. The Cavs just destroyed them because they're hitting their stride at the right time 




 so were the cavs bruh. Varejao, Love, Irving. Lebron with 2 sprained ankles, Shump with a groin injury....  




 I don't buy it. Now, him to the Knicks to play with his buddy Melo in New York City with a brand new 4th overall pick in a weak eastern conference... I see that as more likely. However, I think him going home to Chicago is the most likely. Bulls let Butler walk on a max contract with LA or whoever pays up for him, get Wade on a discount for a run against the Cavs next season with a new coach... I dont know. just dont see him as a Clipper at all 




 I agree with everything you said. Good job 




 i just meant cuz you said "then your leg cramps up and HE'S like...". just pointing out the pronoun usage haha. nothing meant by it 




 Oh okay. Thanks for clarifying! I just hadn't heard that before so I was curious 




 Lowry is a much better shooter. Dame is twice the scorer Wall is and can pass just as well. TP is a proven playoff performer. Wall is an immature speed player who is an exceptional passer and extremely streaky shooter. so yeah, i'm taking the first 3.   




 Hell yeah to MSG. saw the heat play there last season and that place was incredible.  




 really good bathrooms in general. the mirrors that have tv's playing the games in them. but they arent actually tv's... really hard to explain unless youve been there 




 fuck that stupid ass bull shit. still makes me mad to think about.  




 I only know Dentlef from Parks and Rec. I need to brush up on my basketball knowledge.  




 too far 




 Curry, Kyrie, Paul, Westbrook, Lowry, Tony Parker, Dame, i would take over Wall.  




 damn brodie. spot on 




 you hear that verse on "M's" yet tho? sheeeeesh 




 i fucks with earl heavy. 

so harden cant be him because fuck harden 




 exactly why he is a perfect kobe comparison 




 hahahah youre so dumb. people who dive hands first and get arm locked arent going for the ball the right way! youre supposed to secure the ball and shield it from the opponent. delly dove on it and rolled to shield the ball from the opponent so there wouldnt be a jump ball. he made the perfect play and if korver hadnt gotten hurt, literally no one would be saying anything about it. this viewpoint is idiotic at best 




 hahahah no. so so wrong. if you grab the jersey and nobody sees, good job. if you get caught, it's a foul. not a dirty play. that's the dumbest thing ive ever heard 




 haha stupid. Delly was attempting, in basketball terms, a box out. just like every other play in basketball history. gibson just didnt take the contact well, gave him an extra shove down. got his leg tangled and freaked out. get outta here with your bull shit  




 Was it necessary? No. But dirty? My God that's a stretch. Dirty plays are things done with malicious intent. I think he was just trying to get under his skin. and it worked.  




 All Cavs fans seeing that Playoffs graph http://imgur.com/PNGoOMo 




 Anthony Davis is not currently better than Lebron. That is ridiculous. More athletic and in the prime of his body? No question. But a better player than Lebron James? That's insanity.  




 You're tellin me you wouldn't try to capitalize on 300K? Really? Even if it was chump change for whatever economical bracket of pay you're in, you're not going to turn down and even seek out extra coin.  




 cant tell if female... or homosexual male... 




 hahahahahah oh wow, tears man. literal tears 




 What do you mean by "age as gracefully as Curry and Durant"? Totally agree with the old man game portion tho. Those guys who are smarter, have better footwork, and have an unblockable jumper are the guys who can play for 20 years in the league and still be effective 




 Totally agree. He actually answers the questions given to him and answers them intelligently.  




 People act like no coach has ever done something unorthodox before. Spoelstra did the same thing a couple years ago. Literally took the team bowling and they went on a hot streak. Shane Battier started his "Battioke" Karaoke night and it was always in like March so they got a night off and got a break and came back with a hot streak. This stuff happens all the time. You just dont see it reported about because Lebron isnt on every team and every coach isnt coaching Lebron, putting his every action into the spotlight. These kinds of moves and very strategically done and typically end with a positive result.    




 I honestly don't like Kyrie on the floor at all guarding their starting group. I guess him guarding Barnes is the best option, but Kerr is smart. He'll just post up Barnes and work Kyrie 5 possessions in a row until we do something about it. Hopefully Ky can hold his own for 8-10 minutes before the Delly sub can come in and rotate everybody back in place.  




 Hospital was supposed to blow when the Joker hit the trigger the first time when he was walking away from it in The Dark Knight. It legitimately malfunctioned and he stayed in character and improved the whole scene from then on out. It turned out way better than the original would have in my opinion too. Showed how great Heath did with that role. Also, there was a camera rigged in the bus (not sure if they thought of using that footage or not) but he stayed in character the entire ride. Thought that all was pretty awesome 




 Dumb college kid? You don't get that pass as a nationally recognized student athlete. He was 21 years old. If you have NBA aspirations then you can't act like that and he should have known better. Don't give him a pass just because he's on your team 




 hahahaha oh man this dude is an idiot 




 But wait! THERE'S MORE!
http://imgur.com/rZ2SBSZ 




 Bruh. Draymond too small. Lebron said it himself. And Iggy? Dude can't handle him in the post, which is where he'll be 60% of the time. Barnes will get out smarted on the post and if you guys are dumb enough to double, Kyrie, Iman, Delly, JJ, and JR are gonna give you the pipe and splash back side 3's. Get outta here with this nonsense.  




 I remember watchin this game. I got hyped as hell 




