  As long as people make decision that affect others based on their belief in a god, there will always be a reason to discuss the matter.

Someone else here said that, too. But I think that OP is kind of just ahead of the discussion with the post: They are maybe saying "It should become *common knowledge* that the jury is out *and will stay out* on this one."

If this were so, and if the people would indeed know so, this would also mean that all actions *based* on either side of the issue are wrong. I mean, people could pray and stuff, but letting people swear on the Bible, putting "In God we trust" on the money, only electing professed Christians as presidents, not giving their kid medicine because prayer, etc. - all that would be out the window, and there would be no doubt about it. Maybe OP is just trying *to get us there*. 




 So, what caused the quantum vacuum? It's the same question that can be asked at any level: What caused the universe? Or, to theists, what caused God? The quantum vacuum as causer might be a correct concept, but it's only a causer of *the rest* of the universe - it would itself already be the universe, just like the very first picoseconds after it would be the universe.

Scientific knowledge can *maybe* be gained here, but how is it really relevant to the discussion? 




  The idea that the universe came from nothing

No it didn't. They are labeling something that has properties, mechanisms, etc. "nothing" while it is in truth "something". While it might be impossible to give a proper definition of "nothing", I am certain that whatever they cooked up is not it.

I wish people would stop screaming click-bait language into the world to make the heads turn. Just make statements of facts, and we're good. I'm not doubting Krauss' intelligence or even if he's right or wrong, but I have very good reason to doubt his honesty. 




 These three comments in a row sound like a joke or like a parody. 




 I think he's saying (what I believe, too) that the beginning of the universe was a singularity of cause effect, of even logic itself. Meaning itself breaks down at this point and can not be investigated.

That's why I believe that once (If ever.) something like a "world formula" will be found, it will just like the quantum-uncertainty-due-to-wave-math make an uncertainty statement: It will say that we can't ever find an all-governing equation. 




 A secondary but quite dominant theorem of religion would be:

-I can more or less freely make up stuff about God, so in consequence I can make up a lot more stuff about reality.

-Then I can tell people "This is how God is and what he wants." to make them obey *me*. I don't see how this is blasphemy, though. 




 Are you saying that if human history wouldn't have allowed Christianity to gather a lot of people and make itself known in the world, the world wouldn't be worse of, and a lot less people would go to Hell? 




  The Sacraments [...] This is why it is important to *know* God. [...]

Thanks for a detailed answer.

 It is the Truth that

But how would anyone discern this story-which-can't-be-verified-in-reality (other than by mind-games that can't be distinguished from fantasy or even from schizophrenia) from any other such stories? Why is what the Muslims did (Believing the Quran.) wrong, while what the Christians did (Believing the Bible.) correct? Epistemology-wise, it's completely identical. One could as well become a Mormon, or why not make up a new religion that has the actual !T!ruth about God? I mean, even *more* capitalized, as if "truth" wouldn't plain and simply already convey the meaning.

 What majority is this? Are you referring to those who lived before Christ?

7.2 billion are alive, 2.2 billion of them are Christians. - The majority of 5 billion doesn't believe in the divinity of Jesus or even that he didn't exist.

 and the scientific method originated from Christianity.

That is not true. It originated from people who wanted to know about the world, aka it originated in Evolution, the mechanism that made us into inquiring beings for the sake of maximizing our survival. Just because the society in power at the time happened to be Christian does not make science a product of Christianity. Just because only Christians had enough money to construct/buy a telescope doesn't mean that Jesus caused the computer. Believing in a story without any good reason did not make people into rigorous investigators of reality, quite the opposite. The darkness was clearly perpetuated by religion, not lifted faster than it would have happened without it.

EDIT: xD! This is a good demonstration for why the claim "Christianity created science" just doesn't make sense. (The first two paragraphs are sufficient.)

https://np.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/3d2anx/my_mother_died_last_week_of_religious_fanaticism/ 




 Why wouldn't they give details about the resurrections, e.g. about what the resurrected persons have experienced? Anybody would do this in any story they tell about others, even if they didn't feel a need to convince others. And most people would know that a profound claim like this leaves the minds of the people listening with doubts or at least questions, and they would hence detail it a little.

The fact that they didn't suggests that people were used to outrageous claims like that without caring much. - It's just stories. Or "resurrections" were just comatose or unconscious people returning to being awake, so such a claim didn't faze anyone. 




  A few decades feels like a long time to us because our lifespans are a few decades.

I'm a bit older than 40 and I think that about 80 years is quite a short time span. I'm curious - how old are you? From your statement, I would guess that you are somewhat younger than 40.

 In fact one could even argue that time may not even exist in heaven/hell in the traditional way we understand it.

That depends on the nature of the experience. Most people know that time flies while you're doing what you like, while it's crawling when you, for example, suffer in Hell. 




 I would say that "good Christians" is obviously tied to the fact that the post text speaks to people who would go to Heaven, not to people who could end up either way or who would certainly go to Hell. 




 That whole concept shows a serious lack of understanding of how the mind works.

If people would be born without body into a vacuum, they would only drift dreamingly for lack of any reality other than their existence.

So, after a finite time-span of this, would God judge their character? No, because everything is arbitrary, and the only truth is that the person *exists* and can dream. Their character is made-up and can be dreamed away like anything else.

Born into reality, you can be in the wrong place, wrong time, wrong body, with the wrong people. That is not the person's fault. This would inform the way they "dream up" their character. While this could lead to a solidly evil person, they are still just a mind in a situation. If that mind were left alone in a vacuum for some time, the mind would change its tune.

Punishment can not be eternal. That is all. 




 People can change. E.g. once you realize "I'm in the place with all the bad people! I didn't expect to be *this* bad. I don't want to be here!", you might want to change. The problem isn't so much eternal fire etc. - which you say wouldn't be the case - the problem is that the negative decision is eternal.

Dad came into mum in the wrong part of town, so I must live with the shit-people for eternity? That is not fair, period. 




 There's another problem with this, too: Time dilation in the universe means that a person's experience is not changed at all even though their time is flowing slower than the frame of reference relative to which their time is dilated.

So, if time in Heaven would be a lot slower than on Earth (which would experience the lack of intervention - "Tried to put out the fire, but by the time I had made the decision, they had invented sprinkler systems."), then this wouldn't mean any change at all.

I guess you're saying that time does pass in Heaven, but the emotional experience of it will be a lot different. That's basically a non-statement, because that experience will be different in Heaven than on Earth is known by everybody. And it took unnecessarily long to arrive there. 




 So, we will not be the process that consciousness is once in heaven. We'll not be aware at all. We'll practically be dead. Ok, got it.

We'll certainly not interact with others. Nothing will have consequence. How meaningless. 




 That's what the wings are for. Once the sun does that, all angels flap their wings furiously for a million years to keep the heat away. 




 People who really believe that are pitiful, and people who make others believe that are extremely guilty and will hopefully find their comeuppance. 




 So, what is it that actually spares from hell? Is it "accept Jeshua of Nazareth as your Lord and Savior"? Metaphor-alert: What if the green that I focus on in my mind is the wrong shade of green? What would it actually mean to believe in *the* Jesus? What if I e.g. have an image in mind of a white guy with flowing hair and such, while he was rather a brown dude? https://feltco.files.wordpress.com/2015/02/img_0503.png

But while the above problem certainly makes sense, the actual problem is this: Why would anyone decide to believe that? What about the Muslims, the prime example for why Christianity is probably wrong (because they do all the same things to arrive at their belief, and their belief is quite a *different* one)?

And what about the majority of mankind, who does not believe that Jesus existed or was divine?

Why are you using a tool of the devil (A computer.) to tell the world these things? I mean, we would not have computers (Certainly not.) if we wouldn't exercise the proper critical thinking that is required for science to advance this far. 




 /r/bad_cop_no_donut 




  Is it moral to punish someone who repents? 

Define "repent". Is it just the true will to accept the guilt and to not do it again? Because, while that's a good step in the right direction, the next steps would lead ultimately into prison.

Accordingly, a just punishment for anyone would be if they had to suffer through having to generate all the positive energy that they stole from others, which could be a hell-fire-like purgatory. However, once this debt has been repaid, the person would have been cleansed from all wrong-doings of the past.

So yes, it is just to punish someone who repents.

Someone who repents is no different from someone who decides to actually pay back the monetary debt they have, instead of waiting for the powers-that-be to force the consequences on them. That is how *proper* justice works. 




  Your point is that something seems unfair to you, but without knowing what would be fair how can you judge that?

"I don't know the proper answer to this math question, but I know it's not 'positive infinity'."

"I don't know who committed the crime, but I know it was not the victim."

Logical deduction. You can exclude answers, you know. 




 The response to this would be really interesting. It would have to justify that whatever the knowledge of Christianity brings is worth risking ~~an eternity of~~ eternity in hell. And *nothing* can ever have that kind of value. 




  our own consciousness is basically an illusion

I've heard that stance before from various sides, and since so far I have not yet seen a proper explanation as to how that could possibly make sense - an explanation that is very obviously necessary - for the time being I deem the intellect of people who actually believe that to be completely absent.

In case it's really not clear how that belief can not possibly make sense, here's a hint: Who is having the illusion, or rather what is it that allows them to experiencing this illusion? 




 How do you account for other religious beliefs then? Do you really think "Yes, they might have done the same exercise that I did, but I happen to have the *correct* belief, while they arrived at a wrong one."?

A person can't arrive at belief in Jesus with proper critical thinking. 




 So, you want to know why you yourself desire to know the truth, and you hope for OP to tell you, because either you yourself don't know, or you want an additional opinion. Ok, got it. 




 Evidently, Taqwacore is currently not around. 




   I want to believe as many true things and as few false things as humanly possible.
 
 Why?

Ask yourself why you asked "Why?", then you should find the answer. 




  It just seems like justification you could use for anything.

Theists are doing that 2500 hours a day. The moment you can make up things about the set that contains all other sets (which in a theistic world is "God"), you can make up *anything*. Such discussions are literally (As in: The meaning is just the way it is phrased.) *below* the level of rigor of vampire saga fan-fiction. Such discussions are hence certainly *more* laughable, and people who take them seriously are pitiful. 




  God could do everything instantaneously, 

So, you believe that "omnipotence" means "anything ever, no limits"? That's quite contrary to what theists have accepted it to mean for centuries.

But in case you *do* adhere to the version that means "Only what's logically possible.", how can you make a statement about God's abilities if you have no idea what the situation was that God was working with when he created the universe? 




 Such a time will not come. The word "atheist" is not like the word "hipster" or "furniture", it is a word whose meaning is very clearly communicated by the word itself. "a-theist" = "without theism" = does not have a belief in a god(s), or even believes that those don't exist.

Whatever the faithtards will try to rape into the minds of mankind, this word will either stand, or all of the English language will fall. 




 A bazillion problems with Noah's ark is killer evidence against the flood itself. To make the ark problems go away, God's omnipotence has to be invoked. Once that is being done, the discussion is over anyway. "Just somehow." can't be used as a reasonable argument.

A bazillion pieces of evidence supporting an old Earth. So, how can the thing you mention be? It can't. Only in the wishful thinking (aka imagination) of the faithtards can it be.

Nothing to see here. Life goes on. 




 Tried to buy a phone from our own company. A colleague suggested I should rather buy a Samsung, which I ended up doing. Yep, that's it. No explosion at the end. Just sane people doing sane stuff. 




 I'll pass: A large part of the video image is missing. You can see it right at the beginning, where the text/logo is at the right border instead of in the middle. 




 But you *do* know that 1) a lot of what the Bible says is open to interpretation, 2) the interpretations vary, even among larger groups (not just fringe groups), and 3) there are other interpretations of *God*, too (e.g. Islam), right? So, while the facts, if they were facts directly from God, might be absolute, the way they arrive at people makes them to a much too large part *a decision of the people*.

What is your stance regarding that problem? Do you not fear that the truths of right and wrong you believe in and feel justified to affect other people with are really *man-made*, or even just from you personally? I mean, GOD sayeth "This shall be and that shall not be.", but YOU choose which God to obey and which interpretation to use. Basically, YOU are God, effectively in this scenario, no? Not just in authority, but also in innocence. And do you not think that the people who live by such a conviction are possibly hazardous and/or dangerously deluded, or maybe even plain simply blaspheming against (the actual (will of)) God? 




 xD

Excuse me, but I've got better things to do. 




 I think the term is rather "CAM", but since the sidebar doesn't say so, why not. 




 "Tooooo delta."

**[ALTERED]**: Sped up.

Quality is otherwise ok, could still be higher for 720p. 




 The stuff you get to lick and taste and swallow if you do your duties well. 




 /r/happy 




 Japan - exploring the very last corners of the fractal of the possibilities of "sexual" experience. The corners which every sane mind has, by extrapolation, already deemed not worthy of exploration. 




 Vomit hub etch dus verdeent? 




 You're out of luck: God himself strolls these forums these days, and he's firmly on the side of the atheists, because he's the most fervent anti-theist. (Which makes it clear how improper that term really is.) Religion not only drove mankind insane, it also slanders and blasphemes God all the fucking time, it's impossible for me to get a word in, I can't write on the blackboard because everybody is smearing their bottom-feeding truthless loveless egoistic bullshit on it. Religion also is somewhat an enemy of science, while I personally fucking love computers, for example. Of all the people who will be slaughtered during the beginning judgment time, the majority will be religious, because they are "those who don't want to hear".

So, I indeed have all the knowledge of the universe. Not every detail, I don't know every language, I'm not even good at math (mainly because most of my mind is busy with preparing the "official" part of the apocalypse). Just know all about the thing that all these details are derived from. Wanna hear them?

Of course the first thing I did when I saw your post-text was to indeed downvote you, but you expected that, because you're 90% troll. And what you stated was just a poorly phrased God-of-the-gaps argument. The people here just want someone to present evidence or a new interesting argument. If you don't have that, fuck off. 




 Any decision/action that causes even the very slightest amount of suffering in another being (meaning that even their feeling of having their freedom of will reduced would count) is potentially evil and hence needs to be evaluated and justified. Without proper justification, the decision/action must not take place. All this concerns evil or the lack thereof.

Evil is the unjustified "reduction of another being's existence", it makes it be less, so to speak. Good, which is not required at all but of course appreciated, is the opposite of that: It is decisions/actions that contribute to another being's existence, e.g. holding the door for someone who isn't directly behind you, but is also not so far behind you that your action would suggest that they should walk a little faster.

Those who doubt that this text describes truth should realize that I basically just restated the Golden Rule, and the problem always is the concrete implementation. What I stated is abstract like the GR, it can't be proven wrong, because I just need to describe a different interpretation to you and the objection goes away. 




  A scientist experimenting with suspended animation decides to use himself as a test subject. Before he is frozen, his wife is killed, and he is suspected of her murder.

The user reviews make it seem like a waste of time. 




 To those who are disappointed that DownloadHelper currently can't grab YouTube videos: http://keepvid.com/ does the trick (no plugins needed). In case you can only download the video and audio file separately, KeepVid has a small .Net application that can merge these files easily, tried it today. 




 What I meant to transport was: My emotion system is calibrated to be aligned with proper moral behavior. Henceforth, I do not employ logic and rules to arrive at a moral decision, I just act based on feelings. That is what I meant. 




 Did you try to misunderstand me, or do you actually need clarification? 




 This is gonna happen a lot more in the future.

Popplers. Zitzlers. 




 The good old days of Deluxe Paint. 




 Christof. 




 Ze germs are eferyvere zees des. Ze sohp duhs nussing! 




 Reality is like a mirror. The better you are at casting Light in, the better your ride will be. Try to accept and love reality unconditionally, and you'll see. It's not just a psychological trick. 




 Actually, my plan is to conquer it with mankind once judgment time is over and once we have cleaned up Earth. No colonizing before we haven't made Earth into a shining example.

The reason that I haven't shown up yet is that mankind's freedom is my unconditional and unchangeable will, and since mankind can't be bothered to accept the burden of the coming change, I obey mankind's wish that I, the agent of this change, shall stay hidden. This is slowly shifting, but we're not at the tipping point yet. Once we are, cascading change is to be expected. It's gonna be quite stormy. Exact timeframe unknown - my unconditional projection of reality according to mankind's whim includes my own self mind. The official part could begin in a month or it might take a few more years until then. 




 Islam. Ensuring that women are fucked for 1400 years now. 




 Subordinate clauses within clauses. 




 I think you're dune here. 




 https://www.reddit.com/r/announcements/comments/3cucye/an_old_team_at_reddit/csz2gpu?context=10 




 Probably a Catholic. 




 I wonder if people will be as keen to find out why exactly Pao left as they were to find out why Victoria was let go, or if they for example rather just want to *believe* a reason. 




 Speaking of which. Can the next iteration of said subreddit go live now? 




 Yes, and it's weird that people (religious or not) are like this, I mean, we experience one of the most profound manifestations of science and engineering every day: The computer. It's really the prime example to kick anyone who dares to besmirch the image of science in the balls.

I guess the reason is that the connectedness of the world and the precise nature of the connectedness escapes most people, and those who might study things like socio-economics could be proficient in that kind of connectedness, but they might still be completely blind to all the others. It takes a big mind to understand a big world.

It's just that I believe that with the right kinds of abstractions taught to kids in school, we could make their minds ready to build a big map much more easily, in a more stable manner, and as a much more self-evidently necessary process. 




 Nein. Das, ist nicht korrekt komplett. Mir scheint es automatisch ist. 




 Twist: We are the lazy ones, because we're not even there.

I'd watch his recording on YouTube, but I wouldn't feel like going there to watch things in person. 




 This is only my *opinion*, not actual knowledge:

The list should be as simple as possible, as that's the purpose of such a list in the first place: To give an easy overview of the available options. Adding unnecessary punctuation or " and"s goes against this intention and hence strikes me as wrong.

Off topic: My personal feeling regarding 1) 2) 3) and a) b) c) is that the former is ordered by something and/or gives preference to the items with the lower numbers, while the latter lists options of equal values and it's just because of reality's properties that one is forced to present them with spatial/temporal separation and hence apparent preference. 




 Maybe one of these 28 tools can help you - the links are the headlines:

http://www.creativebloq.com/colour/tools-colour-schemes-12121430 




 Who would have thunk that telling people "You don't really die when you die. Actually, you'll be *better*!" could have harmful side-effects?

Religion needs to die in a fire. (I'm a theist. Stop blaspheming God already, religions! The less you say about God, the less you sin.) 




  Ich will dich ja nicht korrigieren, Junge, aber wird der Name nicht "Gnther" mit nem stummen H geschrieben?

FTFY. Both names are valid. Just like there's "Christoph" and "Christof". 




 Some magic upscale algorithms could work wonders on this image. It really depends on the material. This algorithm is from 2009:

http://www.wisdom.weizmann.ac.il/~vision/SingleImageSR.html

Scroll down 1/3 to the optometrist letters. It's mindblowing how much this algorithm improves the clarity.

 Our approach is based on the observation that patches in a natural image tend to redundantly recur many times inside the image, both within the same scale, as well as across different scales.

That might work very well for your image. I don't know of an available software that employs this, though.
 




 Well, you're wasting the vote, because the guy as already been paid for. 




 (Hey, psst. It's called "Gold".) 




 Just to clarify: I watch news every morning and hop from channel to channel depending on availability, so it's Tagesschau, Sat1 Nachrichten, N-TV, and N24. I'm not at all focused on N24. 




 Maybe it's all a ploy by the industry. They are counting on gamers buying shooters out of spite. 




 *Yesterday* morning, the N24 news station had a report about two guys regularly visiting a demented (or somesuch) senior citizen and bullying (emotionally torturing and such) him.

Afterwards, they had some also senior-citizen-ish psychologist or expert or whatever he was tell us the reasons. From memory: "One reason is probably violence done to them as children. Another reason is the playing of violent video games."

I thought they were fucking shitting me. 




 Hallo? Hey, Sie! Pistolen sind hier nicht erlaubt! Bitte tun Sie die Waffe weg!

Aber ich mchte doch so gerne tten!

Hren Sie, das ist nicht erlaubt!

Aber ...

Ok, das reicht jetzt. Ich nehme Sie vorlufig in Gewahrsam nach  [127](http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/stpo/__127.html) Absatz 1 der Strafprozessordnung. Gnter, fessel seine Hnde mit Kabelbindern. (Engl.: "You, rope his hands.") 




 This inconspicuous machine could take part in a horror movie or something like [Maximum Overdrive](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0091499/) (1986):

With some Hollywood magic, it could easily bend and move the wire so that it stabs a nearby worker. Afterwards it could even feed the wire back into the transport system, pulling the worker in and completely destroying the body in the process.

If it could even do (part of) this without Hollywood magic, there's room for an epic computer hack. 




 Except that megachurches are really arks. They planned ahead for the days of dwindling church-goers. 




 5 seconds ... were you expecting the camera to shake from the cat's impact with the ground? 




 Gold members can add/edit a reason to each friend here:

https://www.reddit.com/prefs/friends/

It's just very inconvenient to have to go there each time when you friend someone, so you might not do it and wonder whyTF you friended them.

I get that half the reason for the give-category-while-saving feature is that you can't change the category later, so the above redundancy would be quite luxurious in comparison. But this actually leads me to ask if we could please add/edit a category to saved things on the "saved" page, too. :) 




 There are people who think The Core was deep. 




 It sounds good on paper. To me, at least, it would if this were an option that could be activated per subreddit. While we're at it: There should be an option to individually show/hide the up- and the down-vote buttons, and if your suggestion would make it, there should also be an individual option for the up- and the down-vote buttons to require a reason.

But this won't fly, because the majority of the reasons entered will be something like "asdf". 




 My schtick is "23" or "42" on the clock. 




 For those who were curious like me how big the image actually is, but get shat in the face by the Firefox developers with "Size: Unknown (not cached)" when calling "View Image Info", the saved file is 47.9 MB (50,307,059 bytes).

Seriously, Internet Explorer, Netscape, and possibly even Lynx give you this super basic information. WTF! 




 That body guard guy looks a bit like Liam Neeson. She's living the dream. 




 *That's* where that guy lives who uploads all those thunderstorms.

Alternatively, that's where Nicola Tesla is buried. 




 Doesn't seem like much of a confession.

 I'm bisexual.

Still, wouldn't the mention of your sex make sense at some point? Ok, going by your username, you might be a fembot. 




 I think it's called "undemocratic", "irresponsible", or "immature". 




 Wow, that's wooden acting. "And next, I'm gonna express XYZ." *face changes* 




 Well, could you describe the game sufficiently to us so that we could help you develop?

(That's what goes in such a document. Structure it nicely instead of just creating a wall of text, and that's basically it.)

Btw., even though they are still on the shameful SourceForge site, I would recommend FreeMind a lot for making plans and such. It's just a very versatile tool. http://freemind.sourceforge.net/wiki/index.php/Main_Page

Of course when you're working with a team, Google Docs is a great way to go about it, though they don't have the FreeMind document structure. 




 Maybe the idea isn't bad, I don't know. But in a way, we're kinda doing that already via (not) subscribing. 




 But Canada isn't God's own country. Only when Satan wins in the homeland, the apocalypse can commence. :3 




 Squint one eye, works in most movies in an appropriate scene (camera moving sideways, e.g. after the Fellowship exits Moria). Essentially, the eye with the darker image is processed by the brain a wee bit later, so you have a parallax shift, so the brain can do its usual 3D computation magic.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pulfrich_effect

Demo material: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUEBsoo6mDY 




 The main problem with that movie is that my DVD of it is scratched. 




 "The Age of Decadence"

http://store.steampowered.com/app/230070/

28

Demo available. 




 It's not quite what you're describing, but I hear that this game is a lot deeper than its graphics suggest: [The Escapists](http://store.steampowered.com/app/298630/) 




 Neither, because they are not rats.

(That is a rat in the clip, no?) 




 Clearly an apprentice still. 




 Have you considered sampling colors from a picture that looks good mostly because of its colors (e.g. don't look for skylines that are mirrored in a lake - looks good, but not for the right reasons; images interesting because of the geometry, e.g. a gallery with lots of rectangular images on the wall, are also not suitable) and adjusting those a bit? Examples that might work:

(If any don't load, try pressing ENTER in the address bar so that the site doesn't feel a hot-link.)

http://www.myportlandneighborhood.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/popular-landscaping-artistic-landscape-photography-blog-bw-landscape-photography-gallery-landscape-photography-gallery-las-vegas-landscape-photography-gallery-san-francisco-landscape-photography-700x525.jpeg

http://khongthe.com/wallpapers/nature/autumn-colors-230018.jpg

http://khongthe.com/wallpapers/abstract/artistic-colors-31067.jpg

http://7-themes.com/data_images/out/59/6972287-beautiful-photography-wallpaper.jpg

http://webneel.com/daily/sites/default/files/images/daily/05-2013/3-night-photography.preview.jpg

https://photography063.files.wordpress.com/2014/10/artistic-photography-317486.jpg

https://farm4.static.flickr.com/3280/2867823835_2f9eccaf20.jpg

http://www.farbeundklang.de/uploads/pics/Farbenkreis_2.jpg

----

EDIT: You already mentioned online color theme creators, but anyway, here are a few:

https://color.adobe.com/

http://paletton.com/

http://pictaculous.com/ (Derives a palette from an image you upload.)

http://davidjohnstone.net/pages/lch-lab-colour-gradient-picker (From OffColorCommentary's comment.)

Here's a page that lists a few: http://www.creativebloq.com/colour/tools-colour-schemes-12121430 




  Does your friend understand how peer reviewed science works?

Religious beliefs arguing against evolution are like a drop of water complaining that the brick wall is less stable than the drop. 




 Feels good, man. (What. Do I need more? It's the best basis of moral behavior, assuming that the resulting decisions are indeed moral. At some point in your life, you know that they are.) 




 I completely disagree with religions and what they say, but here's a working concept:

1) "Don't pull a person out of a car wreck! Wait for the medics to do that."

2) "Get that person out of the car wreck immediately!"

Both can be correct. How can that be? Well, the situation in case 1 is that the person in the car could possibly have damaged bones, even a broken neck. If a layperson moves the patient, they could seriously harm or even kill them. (Hence in almost all cases: Don't touch the person. Don't believe Hollywood movies, they even still tell you that defibrillators are used to start hearts while in truth they are used to return the heart's muscle to a proper rhythm.)

In situation 2, the car is on fire or about to be destroyed in other ways (e.g. approaching train).

If we don't know the situation in the background, we have to trust what the person with oversight is shouting at us to do right now, even if it doesn't seem to make sense to us.

In other words: The morality would be the same in both cases, except that the immediate rule would emerge from an "eternal" rule on a higher abstraction level, and which immediate rule is to be followed would depend on the local or global situation. 




  If free will is truly free, the individual is still in a machine of probability. 

That's what I tried to contradict with my comment, but it's hard to convey what "truly free will" is supposed to mean. What I certainly mean is that it's not a probabilistic thing. That's why I said "spiritual" and "higher than physical reality". I don't know if such a concept even makes sense (let alone is possible), but the idea here is that the decisions of this will would be entirely unpredictable.

Think of it like this: It would be like the will of God - a prime mover will. If there were no universe and other existing situation but just this being, what would its first decision be? The problem of answering this question reflects the problem of coming up with an understandable definition of "true free will" (which is "libertarian free will", I think).

If God exists, then I think it makes sense to assume that our will works just like his. 




 Whether or not your concept would solve the problem depends on what nature that free will would really have. If it's some kind of spiritual "higher than physical reality"-will that is just able to come up with *new* stuff, then God would not be able to predict it. So, I guess you're assuming compatibilist free will, aka on some level a machine. You can assume that Christians, who believe in a soul and all that jazz, are not compatibilists. 




 But I think that it not being fast enough and there not being any direction that leads out is *the same thing*. 




 "Why?" - If mankind happens to choose unwisely, we might experience a deteriorating evolution, for example maybe if we enable genetically unfit individuals to procreate. With old frozen sperm, we could do a rollback, so to speak. 




 I did not confirm your point, because your point wasn't just that atheists wouldn't believe, it also was "And that is bad.", which I clearly disproved, and I would like you to react to that counter-argument instead of doing a "Gotcha!"-routine.

So, again: Do you think that it is bad or good that people of today are more skeptical and know more about how easy it is for the human mind to be mistaken and how counter-intuitive events and mechanisms in nature can sometimes be? 




 A photon aimed away from the BH could still escape from 1 mm outside the event horizon, but not once it's inside the event horizon.

Is that because spacetime itself is moving towards the singularity at the speed of light at the EH? Is it faster than light closer to the singularity? In case your answer is "no", could you explain this a little? 




 If weird out-of-the-ordinary events would take place which can't be explained based on all the things we know now about reality, then we would file them under "unsolved" and would investigate them as far as possible/reasonable.

The thing is that the quality of life that science has brought us wouldn't be here if all involved scientists would have been as gullible as you seem to wish the people would be. Because a key part of science is about *rigor*. How many things wouldn't we know now if after a certain statistical significance, we'd just say: "Welp, that's it. God must have done it."

In other words: *Are you serious?* 




 Since you didn't flair your post "Christianity" or "Abrahamic", my answer is: Because none of that ever happened. The reason that people believe in God, among all the psychological/emotional ones, is that we can sense God as the fundament of existence with which we're all one, and the religions were ways to put these (Misinterpreted.) findings of profound truth into scripture, rules, and ways to repeat such experiences.

To those who tap into this "sound in the background" that speak that God indeed exists, it is clear that "he" is not interacting with reality but is just upholding it, letting it flow unimpededly. I'd wager that this "sound in the background" will eventually grow in power, though, and its increasing obviousness would change the way mankind decides. 




 What would it matter *if* the USA were a Christian nation? Truth is what matters, not habits, majority-vote, folklore, or might-makes-right.

But just in general, I think it's best to just throw at *all* these people the fact that there are other religions, equally strong in numbers, who give different answers to the same questions, based on the same evidence (scripture and what-the-people-say), this even happens among *the same* religion. A rational person sees this and realizes: "I must find a different way to determine the facts, because their paths obviously don't work." And that leaves you, basically, with science. Or generally with evidence-based determinations, determinations whose success can be verified.

If those people keep talking even though you have tried the proper arguments and phrased them clearly enough, then just believe yourself "I have done my part." and end the communication. 




 You can keep claiming that a human can not become God, and I can keep correcting you that I did not become God but caused the universe. If you'd just object to my claim that I am God, I would say "You don't know that, but it's a reasonable assumption.", but you're not doing that. Instead, you're assuming that my claim is that I became God and object that this is not possible, to which I agree. 




 Even if one doesn't have a cat or other animal and doesn't have any contact with animals at all? Doubtful. 




 Bonus: A Dyson-fan like seat that keeps the smell inside.

http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/71qogDzXTwL._SL1500_.jpg 




 If I wouldn't be at work, I'd try myself, but I don't want to fill our cache too much with images that are obviously not work-related. Instead, here's how to fish:

https://www.reddit.com/r/GetMotivated/comments/3ckt0v/image_harsh_but_true/csxa2lz?context=10 




 ~~Christmas~~ 




 Haven't seen such problems in IntelliJ yet, and many regard it to be considerably superior to Eclipse, at least for Java. I suggest you consider changing like I did. You might become as happy as I did. 




 Evolution is so screamingly logical, those who don't get its implications either just haven't thought enough about it, or they wouldn't be able to produce a proper result even with enough thought.

A being that builds itself based on a plan. Then it self-replicates, but in an environment (Universe.) that is always stormy on the nuclear level. Hence the result is often changed because the plan was altered. If the outcome was viable, now we have *two* such fronts on which new beings are drafted. All this over many millions of years all over the planet even on many (spatially) vertical levels, which is a bit overlooked by the deniers ... If anything, we'd need evidence *against* evolution, not at all evidence *for* it. 




 People keep arguing in the forums that the proper translation from the original would be "murder", so lawful killing wouldn't be affected. 




 If a murderer tells you not to murder or proposes that it's written down within view of people that murdering is wrong, they might be a hypocrite, but what they are doing is still right. Just saying that it isn't a useful argument. 




  At the flash point of a particular fuel, its vapour pressure is high enough to produce a fuel-air mixture that can be ignited. However, a lit cigarette doesn't have enough heat to ignite that mixture

Thanks, that completely clarifies it. I don't know why I didn't get it the first time.

 




 Yes, and utilizing the amazing tool that Google has become by searching for `time travel camera movie` would have lead you straight to its [IMDB](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2669336) page. I won't say the title, because you gave relevant parts of the plot away. 




 In a similar line of thinking, the development of nuclear weapons would certainly have taken place, anyway, but the horrible examples set by the two bombs exploded in Japan wouldn't exist, which might result in different decisions in situations like e.g. the Cuban missile crisis. So, the population today might even be lower by a billion more. 




 How do we determine the center of an infinite universe or of an infinite length? We can't, because there is no center. And a value whose numerical representation is infinitely long has *no end* (which is what "infinite" means), so there is no last digit. 




 By that reasoning, you could also argue that a raincloud can simulate a computer, as long as the computer is turned off. I think that all possible states should be allowed, otherwise it's not a proper simulation. 




 Rule of thumb: If you are hit by energy, you will be *affected* by it. If the energy level is high enough, the effect will be damaging.

There might be cases in existence where this rule doesn't apply (After all, even entropy can decrease (locally).), but their rarity would justify to live by this rule. 




 So, the original meaning of "analog" and "digital" was quasi "territory" and "map"? 




 Finally. 




 Right, that makes sense. And doesn't allow communication. Thanks. 




 That is literally the best response you could have made. 




 So you want to be offensive? Let me try:

"Those who remember it enjoyed it." 




 [Better?](https://i.imgur.com/YV8129T.jpg) 




 https://i.imgur.com/F9LgxNr.jpg 




 Yes, and I wish this objection wouldn't apply to about every 100th sentence on the Internet. 




 Those willing to face *any* truth as long as it's just *truth* will not be blinded by the light. 




 http://data.hdwallpapers.im/the_hobbit_armies_of_the_third_age.jpg

(Doesn't have the text, though.) 




 What's worse than being alone:

Realizing that when you were with others, they were still alone. 




 A source I found is named http://data.hdwallpapers.im/the_hobbit_armies_of_the_third_age.jpg 




 http://data.hdwallpapers.im/the_hobbit_armies_of_the_third_age.jpg

How to:

* Google the URL

* Click on the link in "For matching images, try *search by image*"

* Look further down in the "Visually similar images" section and click your choice.

* Click on the "500 x 281" link (The resolution.) next to the displayed image.

* Pick largest size. (Make sure it's not upscaled or in other ways visually inferior to smaller versions offered.) 




 What resolution do you want?

http://data.hdwallpapers.im/the_hobbit_armies_of_the_third_age.jpg 




