














 Brainwashed much? 




 Of course people reading /r/news won't be getting this information because it is considered "news analysis" and therefore forbidden. 





























 Just to make sure this doesn't seem like more BS one side good, other side bad political partisanship, here's a good article on Hillary: [The Vileness of the Clintons](http://www.counterpunch.org/2015/06/25/the-vileness-of-the-clintons/). I just hate all of these people, I really do. 









 It's only a matter of time. Prog, for all its excesses, has been unjustifiably maligned. I think a lot of the best prog like Yes is weathering the test of time. 














 [Chris Squire from Fish Out of Water](https://youtu.be/RA_wEnOVWcQ?t=160) 




 RIP He was an absolute legend. 







































 I just came across this last week:[Joni Mitchell with Jaco Pastorius and Pat Metheny](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bLKb9Ms68ME index=1 list=RDbLKb9Ms68ME) Not a bad band! 




 I'm dyslexic. I initially read this as "Ancient Greeks lining up at ATMs." Did kind of a double take. 





























 Montreal is great for creepy statues. Here's one I love on McGill College that has a theme of immigration to Canada. If you can see the people in the back, the ones who haven't made it to Canada yet, they're basically starving, near corpses:(https://www.google.com/search?q=montreal+statue+mcgill+college biw=1920 bih=922 source=lnms tbm=isch sa=X ei=W92NVd_hI4y0-AHCpJL4DA ved=0CAcQ_AUoAg#imgrc=IexeWSMv48y-VM%3A) 




 That leads to the question: what does it mean to be a democracy? 




 While it doesn't go nearly far enough, I was actually surprised that they did distribute their criticism. Here's the line from the report on the US: 

 There were worrying revelations by whistleblower, Edward Snowden that US intelligence agents spied on prominent human rights 
 organisations. Law enforcement authorities were accused of heavy-
 handedness and intimidation of protestors following demonstrations 
 against discriminatory treatment by police of African-Americans.

They could have gone on at length about how corporate interests have created legalized corruption that circumvents democracy, but maybe that makes the sequel. 




 I think the short answer is you can't. 




 Over two seasons fighting in the Octagon, you don't want to mess with that. 




 That exact same line leapt out at me.  



















 When I see the American flag now, I usually think "Bow to your sensei". 




 China also has enormous bubbles in property and currency. Somewhere between Greece, China, the US student loan bubble, and the TPP, I can't imagine we aren't in for a giant economic shock in the near future. 









 I've come across this site more and more. It's very glossy and predictably pro business, pro tech. Who is behind it? Their About Us section of their web site has a lot of bullshit about digital media and says it is linked from the Atlantic but who is funding it? It strikes me as being a strange site and the lack of comment sections on many issues is suspect. Is this just a huge PR thing? 




 There was actually an experiment like this in Canada during the sixties. It was only in one small city, in Manitoba but it was wildly successful. It went nowhere because of politics but for a couple of years they had a guaranteed basic income and unemployment fell to an all time low: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mincome 














 In an ideal world, these people would come with subtitles translating their corporatese into English. 
























 Ha! A Bhutanese Hamlet would probably be a happy Hamlet. 




 I've been following homesteading locally and would recommend sites that have localized info. Here's a good one for Buffalo to give an idea of how it works though there are a lot of others for different cities: http://buffalorising.com/2013/05/homestead-eligible-properties-buy-a-house-in-buffalo-for-a-single-dollar/ 




 Maybe Yankees caps? 




 I know exactly what you mean about not being able to paint apartments. Have you ever considered something like homesteading? Depending on your part of the country, it's becoming more common and is realistic for younger couples especially if there are homesteading groups near you. 




 In other news, Shakespeare believes that Hamlet should stay Danish and perplexed. 




 It's a shame we don't have some widely recognized symbol representing Northern racism that we could get these companies to ban. 




 I have a feeling that even a few minutes as King will allow him to do more damage than is conceivable.  









 I'm not sure if this is the country very many people actually wanted. I think a lot of people's wishes have been ignored or overturned by very powerful systems that don't take into account what average folks want or need. Corporations and government bureaucracy have a range of concerns that have little to do with improving the lives of the citizenry. Profit, power, trickle down, efficiency, all of these things have to line up before the quality of our lives is factored in. 














 Very hard to tell if these people are completely corrupt or just epically spineless. I stopped worrying about who is which a long time ago since it all ends up in the same ugly place.
 
























 But from the fish's perspective, maybe we're humans with fish looking teeth? 









 At least we can be sure it's somehow connected to him. 














 They forced a bunch of planes to land and examined them including one in Austria after Snowden initially went to Russia. At first, it was assumed that he had simply changed flights in Moscow. The Bolivian leader's private plane was forced to land after he'd visited Russia because it was suspected he might have Snowden on board. 




 Not much of a shock that these people are all spying on each other, but nice to have confirmation. 









 I don't think would make it to Iceland. His flight would likely be intercepted even if they offered him asylum. 




 Very interesting about Canada. I didn't realize that there was low turnout there. My lasting impression was from being in Quebec during the 1995 Referendum on secession when the voter participation was well over 90%. I guess people vote when they feel they can make a tangible difference. 




 I think the fact that Iceland is a parliamentary system helps to encourage participation because supposedly "fringe" parties have a real chance to gain seats in government. I'm not Republican or Democrat in the US and although I vote, I really don't feel like it means anything. 
























 That my friend is an excellent question. 




  Thus far, the United States has never really accepted the Nuremberg Code. While the code was being created, the U.S. was giving people syphilis in Guatemala. It did the same at Tuskegee. Also during the Nuremberg trial, children at the Pennhurst school in southeastern Pennsylvania were given hepatitis-laced feces to eat. 














 Purity of Essence! 
























