 Amen. i've been in the kitchen for years because I actually love what I do.I think some people just see it as a job and become bitter. 




 On my days off after a hard week I like to spend a few hours on video games on easy.I just want to blow stuff up, win races,kick some ass and not be challenged.It is a great way to blow off steam. 




 For a beginner Victorinox. 




 Never went,not in debt. 




 Not sure, but the few times I've tried to get into another line of work I just found myself wandering aimlessly on weekends and holidays wondering what the fuck to do. 




 Yhea,alot of fan boy type nonsense over there. So far I'm very happy with the Richmond.Mine is a 240mm extra tall in AEB-L steel,factory edge shaved hair but dragged a bit when I tried chopping instead of my usual rocking,a few strokes on a ceramic stick did the trick.I do plan on dressing this up with some stones and strops and expect it will take a pretty sick edge that can be maintained with a strop.Handle could be a bit fatter for my taste but not really an issue with a pinch grip.One thing that really impressed me was the nice edge rounding on the spine and below the handle,you rarely see this on a sub $100 dollar knife.Bottom line,I'm happy with this knife,but the saga continues and looking at the second tab I have open,I simply must have one of those sweet looking Northwoods. 




 Ha HA! Thank you for your interest. Yes this is a different photo from the one you saw,I posted this one to FB for some freinds. One knife I use all the time at work is a (GASP!) Guy Fieri knife,a tiny step up from the white handle crap you find  in any kitchen, but the ergonomics of it are great,I love the handle, it doesn't hold an edge well, but I can give it a good edge in a hurry off the back of a plate or a steel,nothing wrong with that, and it looks good to the custumers when they they walk through my kitchen to use the bathroom.I work in a tiny and very busy diner so this is importent. The bottom two in my pic Are what I use the most when we are rocking,these sit on my sandwich board and  chop/slice onions peppers shrooms ect.. on the fly.
I like to give them fresh. I also use a Richmond Artifex for prep before we open.The top knife  is a Masakagi  and it will never see the diner,that one is a piece of art. I carry med stuff because I've had to wrap up too many kids with paper towels or whatever.Thank you again,it was good to get an intelligent response to one of my posts. 




 Recently was thrashed on another sub because I use low to mid-range knives at work and leave my good stuff home.Took this pic for FB and saw that it validates my choice. 









 Every time I'm asked for a recipe I chuckle to myself.Many years ago I asked my first boss,Mr Budini,about a recipe.He said and I quote "If ya gotta lookada recipe ya don know watta f***k ya doin,recipe for da baker ya dumb bastard!"I still laugh about that! Anyway I posted my "method" in a seperate comment,thanks for the interest! 




 I don't really use recipes or measure much but here goes,adjust amounts acording to how much you are making.Brown 2#of sausage links or rope and set aside(brown over charcoal if you want to go the extra mile!).Julienne 1/2 large onion and 2 large green peppers,chop 2 or 3 cloves garlic.Pour 2 cans stewed or plum tomatoes into a bowl and crush with your hand,(I prefer stewed).Saute' onions garlic and 1/3 of the peppers until nice and brown,deglaze the pan with beer,wine,water,whatever,cook of excess liquid and add tomatoes.Chunk up the sausage and add that.Simmer for 2 hours then add Italian spice to taste(I like a little cayanne for some back bite),and the remaining peppers.Simmer 1  more hour or so. Can be served over pasta or eaten on rolls. Hope this helps, thanks for the interest! 




 Use stew veal instead of sausage and you have a delicious old time favorite.This was a staple in italian restaraunts years ago but I don't see it done much anymore. I just buy the bread,flour and i don't get along! 




 Sausage and peppers, soon to be served over tortellini with big slices of buttery bread. 









 Victorinox has good knives in the $50 range. 




 My favorite toy was my mutha fukin fire truck bitch! 




 A modern version of Road Rash. 




 That everything is all about money. That is the bottom line,it's pounded into our heads from childhood on. 




 I know what you mean,I used my Masakagi at work a few times and spent the whole day worrying about chipping it. 




 If $100 is too much then Victorinox for about half that. 




 These are all $100 range and very nice. Richmond Artifex 240mm, Shun Sora 200mm and Kanetsugu Pro M 210mm. These are thin, (about 2mm) laser class blades with nice comfortable handles and good steel.The Shun had the best factory edge but after dressing them up on some stones they are about equal. One note, the Shun has a VG-10 edge and it is brittle, if you drop it it can break the tip.The other two are a high carbon moly stainless with the Pro M being sub zero quenched. Several months use with all three, and I can say I'm happy with all of them. 









 This was late 60's. 




 Dog fight snoopy. 









 Red Green.
 




 Cable. 




 Thinkgeek has tons of stuff. 




 I tell them to seek counciling 




 Old Yeller,sniff. 




 Oh fer chrissakes,just wash the dirt off a bunch of live worms and pack them into a can! 




 I agree, the correct term would be ...Smoking or Chain smoking? 




 Bye the way, his yard is about 5 miles away. 




 Heard it on the scanner that day ,but couldn't place it.Next morning, I find the bill and say,They finally got the grease? Yep... and they dumped it right in my yard! 




 Yep, and DEC.
 









 Wood chucks, because wood chucks must die. 




 Sooner or later yes,and then thugs will wear skirts above their ass 




 Steak tar-tar and artisian bread,what are you guys bitchen abought? 




 Better than selling oregano for pot.
 




 Back in the 70's there was a helmet law protest in my home town, about 5,000 bikes showed up for this ride to the capital sans helmets. After some speeches and political stuff everyone went on a ten mile jam down the highway to a state park to party. Oh my God,kegs every where,naked people running around and general debauchery! There were several different clubs there and soon there were drag races going on the road and everyone was loving it. After a few runs the H A organized it and had guys directing traffic, flagging the racers and timing them.Then the city police showed up,guess what? They took over traffic control and let the races go on! Best day ever untill some asshole threw a bottle at a cop car and it all ended in a cluster fuck. 




 Dam! I've been wasting pancake mix all these years! 




 I use my good stuff at home. 




 HA HA! I am drunk now and your comment is making me laugh! If I treated my dick like my good knives I would be fucking high end classy girls. If I treated it like my beater,good lord, who knows what would happen! Thank you for your input and interest! 




 Ever see a kid cut herself real bad on a can lid or whatever,and the "First aid" box is empty as it always is?  




 Good comment,I understand super glue, but cornstarch?? Please inform me. 




 I work in a one man kitchen that can get insanely busy and there is not always time to worry about knife care.That is why I keep a beater knife around. 




 In that time I have chosen 3 knives that get the job done at work and my high end knves stay home. 




 Hey you never know when you might cut your dick! 




 For those interesed,Top is a Richmond 9 1/2" Artifex I use when I have to do a large amount of prep.Middle is a(GASP!) Guy fieri knife I use as a beater,I can throw it around, drop it whatever, doesn't chip or break and the shit steel will take an edge off the back of a plate or a steel.Bottom is an 8" Shun Sora that cuts like a laser. I use this on station while doing orders. Don't really need tongs,spoon,ect...as I gave up saute and night shifts years ago. I'm a chef in a small diner and my work is mostly soups ,stews and specials. First aid stuff because every kitchen should have that. 




 HA HA! I used to work with a tongs in pocket guy,we called him greasy ass! 




 Nope,that's my beater. No way I'm using a $150 Masakage in a 100mph kitchen. 




 Yhea I know,I take alot of shit about that but it's comfortable,takes a working edge off of anything and I can beat the shit out of it. 




 Fuck you noob,I've been in the kitchen longer than microwave ovens. 




 Just basic first aid stuff. 




 I love that little guy! Kind of brittle though,I've had to re-grind the tip twice. 




 Nah,but we have kids working here and there is never a band-aid when you need one. 




 Octopus and minnows and some weeds from out back,YUM! 









 This is so fucking old I saw it in readers digest long before the internet. 




 Both,my glass is half full but my bottle is half empty. 




 That bastard sure could cook! 




 fUCK YOU,You are a whiner. This is not the Opera show It's real life. 




 Asshole,do you think prices only go up for you? 




 True ,but if your books cover shows me a scarey  warrior type image,I mght be inclined to distrust you.
 




 Fuck you ,you meatist! 




 Excuse me,have you reproduced? 




 Making coffee and bacon on a wood stove. 




 Nope,(pulls out giant Bowie) now that's a knife! 




 My response was,"Yup and you could squash alot of people with your truck,but that's not what it's made for." 




 Show boss my Kershaw scallion,"Oh, you could stab alot of people with that." 




 Dude,you're the cook fer chrisakes!If a server gives you shit,give that person a nice HOT plate once in a while or make their order vanish and claim they forgot to give it to you.If a fellow cook gives you shit,give that person a tap on the hand with your Hot spat,pan, whatever and say"Oh, sorry asshole". 




 Not really.if the knife starts to drag, a few strokes on medium then fine put it right.That is for good steel. When my beater(soft steel) starts to drag,It will take a working edge on just about anything.That is why I use both.This is maintence,all knives need to be sharpened on stones at some point, and questions abought stones and burrs are better asked of someone more informed than I am. Thanks for your interest!  




 It's a ceramic rod that I use for the for the beater knife in the middle,the other two I just strop now and then. 




 I'm an American,and while I may not agree with what you're fucking,I defend your right to fuck It. 




 To carry my knives and possibles to work. 









 No wonder Ken Block blasts through there at 100mph! 




 Tourist,"I'll start with a mucho hoyty latte de femme and I'd like to see your gluten free vegetarian options". My waitress,"OK,regular coffee and a bowl of oatmeal then?" Happens all the time at my work! 




 You don't get "Murdered",you commit suicide by shooting yourself twice in the head.
 




 If you were not born in Ireland,you are not Irish.
 




 Been there done that! 




 Blah ,Blah a whiney piece of shit,at least he inspired Allison chains. 




 Fuck you ,a person who shits in a box has nothing to do with smoking.I can't believe this shit! 




 Hint B.V. 




 Rules say no names, hint B.V. 




 A very famous singer, dancer, entertainer from the 60's and 70's chewing his son a new ass over some equipment  screw up at the local theater.It struck me funny that the guy I grew up watching sing and dance on TV with the 50,000 watt smile,was calling his son a motherfuckin stupid son of a bitch. I still laugh when I think about that.  




 Mr Bones! 




 Dubai and China town NYC come to mind off the top of my head,then the sex trade,drug trade,ect you name it.It still goes on 









 Drop some shrooms in her Dew and try again! 




 There's a Dog house over yonder,that's where my baby stays. 




 HA HA! Had this happen to me in a bar on a third date,first date was "I've got a hit of acid and I love to fuck when I trip!".That was 30 years ago and we're still together,I say go for it! 




 The "under God" part was a politcal stunt passed in the 50's I believe. 




 It depends on your needs. Fine grain high hardness steei is good for kitchen or craft work while a softer  easier to sharpen steel would be better for camping and such as it is less brittle. 




 This idiot...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXRaboSo70A 




 Adressing me as "chief","boss","sport"...ect. 




 Better than you would think for such a small blade. 









 HA HA! I'm a chef and can truthfully say that you just described most of the celebrity chef shows on TV! 




 Got a good laugh at this! 




 Spot on! 




 Not just us humans,animals also use them,birds will drop shelfish into a busy intersection to be crushed by cars and then eat them when the light turns red,monkeys learn to spear-fish ect...ect. It's an interesting world out there. 




 This is what I say to the anti-knife people. 









 This is what I say to the anti- knife people. 









 Just about anything you encounter in life was made using some sort of knife/cutting tool. 




 HA HA! Everyone loves that one. Kizlyar U-5 utility. 




