 A phrase often employed by the boring.

 




 Because they're able to think more than one step ahead and avail themselves of birth control, and/or take responsibility for their actions.

You're kind of dim, aren't you? 




 I already told you I voted for Udall.

Reading comprehension much? 




 How cute. You're totes adorbs. 




 [citation needed] 




 I guess I would care if karma mattered.

But it doesn't, and your sad little attempt to outgroup me with your sock puppets is really just hilarious. 




 You know, you'd think you'd take a little more pride in your insult craft.

You just kind of suck at it. 




 Who said anything about them not having access to birth control? 




 Good call. Have an upvote. 




 Funny you should mention that. 

I voted for Udall specifically because of his stance on abortion. 

After all, women who are conservative or libertarian are not as likely to have an abortion as women who are leftists. 

As a result, liberalized abortion laws and free or subsidized abortion can only work in the long-term favor of the pro-liberty outlook. 

:-)

In fact, since you have stumbled upon the notion of aborting your political adversaries before they can do you the disservice of saying things on Reddit that make you dispeptic, I've actually given you an upvote.

Congrats, Oscar! 

A winner is you! 




 Name calling. 

Way to take the high road! 




 ABORTIONS FOR ALL.  




 TIL that distributing a couple of measly press releases is "defending your privacy." 




 What I find hilarious is how the left honestly thinks we're to believe that someone who can't be troubled to acquire a state-issued ID is also someone who's likely to be a civic-minded and well-informed critical thinker. 

I mean, I'd  have more respect for you if you were just honest about the whole thing and admitted that you oppose voter ID laws because it makes voter fraud easier, and enables you to corral low-information voters who otherwise simply wouldn't bother to show up at the polls.  









 I think the time has come for Molly's family to put her in a rest home.  




 I suspect that all of the kids who were killed in drone strikes ordered by Obama would disagree with the claim that a vote can't be dangerous. 

But they can't, because they're dead.  




 That's true as far as it goes, but Udall's people have the phone number for the groups running those ads making him look stupid, and you'd think they'd be aware enough to put in a polite request to kindly refrain from making their candidate look like a clueless boob.  




 I never said I was a supporter of Gardner, the point is that Udall is a fucking lazy 1%er who thinks he can win by playing a single note as loud as possible.

Downvote if you agree! 




 Evidently it's enough of a concern for it to be laid out in the news (and regardless of whether you dislike Fox News, the points made in the article are perfectly relevant.)

Furthermore, even the Colorado Secretary of State has voiced concerns over voter-related shenanigans.

Of course, it's hilarious to see people like you claim that showing an ID to vote induces voter disenfranchisement, but you have no problem whatsoever not only forcing people to show an ID, but also to drive to specific locations, pay the modern equivalent of a poll tax, and fill out ridiculous amounts of paperwork just to loan a rifle to a buddy for a hunting trip.

The hypocrisy of the left never ceases to amuse me. It's like watching an idiot try to pass himself off as a neurosurgeon. 




 Yes, because nothing says "21st Century Tactical Relevance" quite like an argument advocating for the tactics employed in a war that started over a century and a half ago.

Current military leaders are constantly trying to guess what the next strategic threats are, and to prepare for a situation where they're not stuck fighting the next war with the last war's tactics and methodologies.

Not you, though. No. You want to fight the next war with the last, last, last, last, last, last, last, last war's tactics and methodologies because you think that putting a bayonet on your (I'm guessing here) surplus Mosin and/or SKS looks badass. 




 If you don't think the current system makes voter fraud easy to pull off, or likely, you're an idiot.



 




 In theory, it's fun to put a bayonet on a gun and strike a pose in front of the mirror with it.

But you should never, *ever* bring that up in public. It's embarrassing. 




 You *wish* you could fuck me.

The closest you'll ever get is the spite-jacking you'll give yourself while thinking of me tonight. 




 I love how you get all butthurt at the accusation that your precious wittle team bwue could ever be anything other than a flawless, unique and beautiful snowflake, but then follow it up with equivocation that essentially endorses the idea of committing voter fraud to win.

The depths of ethical hypocrisy to which people like you are willing to sink is hilarious.

Unable to actually win on anything of substance, you're forced to endorse outright fraud to get your way. It's like watching a toddler throw a temper tantrum. 




 Yawn.  




 When you can't win on actual campaign issues, blame the Koch brothers. 

God, it's hilarious how transparent and hackneyed leftist talking points have become. 

Frankly I'm amazed at the glut of credulous mouth breathers like yourself who are so happy to suck Udall's gold-plated 1%er cock.  




 LOL, trouble understanding how the mail works, Ashgar? 




 Thankfully, the party apparatus is happy to stuff the ballot boxes to make up for his poorly executed campaign.  




 If you need to be told this so close to election day, I'm not sure you're someone who should be voting.  




 As I understand it, what this would likely do is enable a workaround to the Hughes Amendment.

In order to buy an MG, you'd still be expected to file paperwork with the BATFE and pay the $200 tax. 




 This is a hilarious line of thinking from the someone who's an advocate for the party that believes in instituting a modern poll tax in order to exercise one's 2nd amendment rights.

The hypocrisy of the left is utterly hilarious, and the fact that people like you constantly wander around expecting to be taken seriously is, frankly, adorable.

If showing an ID to buy a gun isn't an infringement of one's gun rights, then showing an ID to vote isn't an infringement of voting rights.

If this post tweaked your over-developed sense of self-righteousness, feel free to downvote. 




 There's no need for you reasonable line of inquiry here.

I find it hilarious that the people who decry the very thought of showing an ID to vote are the exact same people who not only demand that you show an ID to buy a gun, but assume you're a criminal and have no compunction about forcing you to pay to jump through a Byzantine background check system under the threat of jail time.

The Democrats in this state are hypocrites of the first order, and the downvotes my post will garner only reinforce that fact. 




 Really,any of them are pretty great, but I'm partial to the Aimpoint Micro.

I think battery life for most of the Aimpoints is around 30k hours.  




 I guess monosyllabic words are more your style. 




 Wow, you really are sanctimonious. 




 Good for you, I guess. 

 




 This reads like the setup to a sketch from That Mitchell and Web Look.  




 "We hit you for your own own good."

-Colorado Democrats 




 "don't you stupid, ignorant redneck morons understand that we're going this for your own good?! YOUR OWN GOOD!"

The willingness of so-called progressives to jump up on the cross at the slightest provocation never ceases to be a source of entertainment.  




 Hopefully the voters will be heard. 

Unfortunately, there have been a number of incidents that serum to indicate some democrats are possibly engaging in voter fraud.  




 Being the only brand whore on the firing line with a magazine stamped with the HK logo.  




 It's kind of interesting. If you read the official reports on mass shootings, it becomes pretty apparent that magazine capacity is way down the list of things that have an impact on the outcome of such an event.  




 The ban wasn't overturned. The Federal court case held the ban as constitutional 









 http://m.imgur.com/r/familyguy/umKXQLx 









 Because people submit links to things, and sometimes they even submit links to things you might not like. 

In conclusion, here's a link to make you happy:

http://www.nationalenquirer.com/ 




 Everyone knows that Breitbart is a partisan source. 
 




 Alternate headline:

"Has-been film director pads his demo reel with tax deductible work for stupid political cause." 




 I love how you can practically see the author's cognitive dissonance in the words of the article.  




 That infographic is so old it wouldn't need to show an ID to buy a beer. 

It quite literally predates the shift to most states adopting liberalized concealed carry laws.  



















 What's it like being the king of person who doesn't know what he's talking about, yet holds forth add if he's a subject matter expert? 

Can you do an AMA on that topic for us?  




 Winner, winner, chicken dinner.  




 This has nothing whatsoever to do with addressing violent crime, and everything to do with radical gun control advocates pushing for policies designed to harass and intimidate gun owners.  




 Its already illegal to sell a gun to a prohibited person. Even without a UBC law, your scenario would play out pretty much the same, with both criminals going to jail. 

If you actually gave a shit about reducing gun crime, you'd actually make it easier for anyone to conduct a background check and simply allow anyone to submit a NICS request without forcing them to go through an FFL, or you'd mandate that government issued IDs should be conspicuously marked so that anyone can ascertain the legality of the purchaser at a glance in the same way that licenses are marked to easily tell if someone is of legal drinking age or not. 

Of course, as a supporter of gun control, you're completely  incapable of seeing gun owners as anything other than an adversary to mock and harass, so it wouldn't actually occur to you too treat then as anything other than untrustworthy potential criminals, rather than as people who have a vested interest in reducing violent crime, and who could be allies in achieving that goal.  




 Tl;dr: your stats can be right, but you can still use them to lie. 

This is one of my favorite tactics employed by the advocates of gun control because it's a very clever tactic of using a lie by omission in order to support the typical left-wing tactic of outgrouping those you dislike. 

It's actually quite clever, but I'll do my best to unpack their argument and point out the flaws. 

The thing you should take note of is that the article only talks about a decline in one thing: the rate of gun ownership. 

Nowhere does it mention a decline in the raw numbers of gun owners, and there's a very good reason for that: solo long as they stick to talking about rate, they're right. 

However, trying to claim a decline in raw numbers would be a lie. 

Let's break it down with a simple example. 

Let's say you have a town with a population of 100, and 45 of the people in that town are gun owners, which gives you a gun ownership rate of 45%.

In the next year, the town's population grows to 150, and the number of gun owners grows to a total of 60. If you run the numbers, you'll see that the town now has a gun ownership rate of 40%, which is a decline of 5%.

In the next year, let's say the town's population grows to 200, and the number of gun owners grows to a total of 70. Running the numbers, we find that gives us a gun ownership rate of 35%, yet another 5% drop from the previous year, and a whopping 10% drop from the first year! 

But if we look at the growth of just gun owners from year one to year three, we see that the number of gun owners have grown by 55.5%!

How can this be? 

Well, the overall population is almost always going to grow faster than any underlying sub group, whether that's gun owners, runners, or people into collecting Pokemon. 

For the overall rate of gun owners to show a positive rate of growth, it would be necessary for there to be a great percentage of new gun owners than new people, PLUS an added number of people on top of that too push the rate past equilibrium. That's pretty unlikely to happen, no matter what sub group you choose.  




 It's interesting that the ARS article notes that they first tried to sell the gun to civilians before realizing no one wanted it. 




 Looks like Shannon Watts finally got the memo from Mike Bloomberg telling her that social media campaigns and Facebook Likes are pretty worthless. 




 Barbados actually does disagree, and if you argue with him he'll actually stalk you in other subreddits.

Frankly, I have to wonder if his hatred for people who only wish to defend themselves is because he doesn't just engage in creepy stalking online... 




 Please explain how this law will stop one criminal from selling a gun to another criminal, or how it will stop a potential mass shooter who has a clean background check from buying a gun.

Thank you for your time, I look forward to your response. 




 Shush. The grownups are talking. 




 Vote your conscious, but realize that FiveThirtyEight has one of the best track records for predicting statistical outcomes in political races.

 




 Gun control isn't about safety.

It's about controlling the actions of the people that gun control advocates disagree with.

 




 Agree. This shotgun's only reason for existing is its own ostentatiousness. 

Frankly I'd be much more impressed with a shotgun that simplified the ability to execute a select-slug drill.  




 They'll probably sell like hot cakes to the same demographic that thinks the Taurus Judge is the best gun ever made.  




 Or inspired by one.

http://m.imdb.com/title/tt0339840/ 




 What is with the radical opposition to background checks on this sub? I own a glock 19 and a 300blk SBR with a 762 sdn6,

Yeah, and I own a fully-functional A10 Warthog with "da switch."

To conclude:

http://m.imgur.com/NQHKSVE 




 No,but the facts that nearly every mass shooter successfully passed a background check, and no criminal will bother with mandatory background checks certainly do.  




 Can't wait to see the trolls here rush to the senator's defense. 




 http://m.quickmeme.com/img/71/71c3931c1edc4353a0c03ec549753b965872a2c343c09255617f4470cbd924ed.jpg 




 2edgy4me 




 I honestly don't know why. 

I just know that even if it were legal to still a gun to an ex-convict, I wouldn't simply because playing those odds is a sucker's bet.  




 Because the system operates on an in-built myth that incarceration equals rehabilitation. 

One need only look at the stats on recidivism rates to shatter that illusion.  




 You misspelled r/gunsarecool 




 All I'm saying is that if you know someone is a dirtbag with a history of violence, then perhaps you shouldn't sell them a gun. 

Likewise, I would not sell a car to someone with multiple DUI convictions or if I knew they regularly drove under the influence. 

Voluntarily refusing to sell something to someone isn't denying anyone their rights.  




 Assuming your information is correct, its completely possible for the general population to grow faster than the specific subset of the population that are gun owners.

As a result, it's quite possible that the numbers of gun owners to be growing, but the statistics would make that group appear to be shrinking because the population of gun owners is growing at a slower rate than the overall population.

There are plenty of other indicators that you're wrong as well. For instance, the numbers of people getting concealed carry licenses continue to grow, safety classes for first-time gun buyers are routinely filled to capacity, and new shooting ranges are being constructed at an explosive rate.

If the ranks of gun owners are shrinking, then you wouldn't see any of those things happening. 




 Rosie lost her mind years ago.

After all, this is the lady who dressed her kid up like a jihadi suicide bomber and put a video of it on the web. 




 You should care because you're an upstanding citizen who recognizes that enabling possibly violent people is a bad idea.

 




 Winner, winner, chicken dinner. 




 One way to get anidea about the person is to ask them to present a valid concealed carry permit.

If they've got a valid permit, it shows that they've successfully passed a criminal background check in the past and that they've got a clean criminal history.

Other than that, you can protect yourself by making it clear you'll be copying their driver's license for your records.

Also, most of the time you can judge someone by their behavior. If the other guy dresses like a dirtbag or acts shady in any way, don't go through with the sale. 




 It works for Toxoplasmosis, though that's a parasite, not a virus. 




 But if you just want to make stuff up, that's cool too, I guess.

I'm not making stuff up. Do you honestly think the average cop is going to be aware enough of the law that they're going to say "Oh, well, that's ok, because I'm a walking copy of "Black's Law Dictionary" and I'm completely aware of all of the exceptions."

No, of course not. They'll cuff you, and haul your ass in and let a judge determine if you were in violation of the law or not. 

"Entrap" does have a specific meaning that doesn't apply, here.

Fine. Harass will work just as well. That said, grammar pedantry is one of the laziest forms of trolling.

Lol. I just don't believe in the conventional pro-gun circle jerk group-think, is all. So, of course, any contrary (or contrarian) opinion must be an anti-gun troll.

Except you actually are a troll, as clearly evidenced by the fact that you consistently support idiotic things like a law that would make it a crime to fail to report a gun within an extremely short period of time.

Such laws, with no history of demonstrating measurable or significant decreases in violence, and being unenforceable against violent criminals who will simply flaunt it, serves only to act as a way to harass citizens who are only guilty of exercising a civil right.

Of course, if you actually aren't an anti-gun troll, you're certainly welcome to post links to demonstrate otherwise.

In conclusion, someone here *is* furiously jerking off, but it sure isn't me. 









 I can't see how this is "anti-gun", exactly, but

You leave town on vacation for two weeks. Unbeknownst to you, a criminal breaks into your home, compromises your safe and steals your guns on the first night you're out of town. 

You don't find out the guns are missing until after you return from your vacation, and upon reporting the stolen firearms to the police, you are arrested for failing to report the guns stolen within the 72 hour time frame. 

That is just the most obvious example of how such a law is clearly meant to harass and entrap legal gun owners. 

Your inability to see the inherent and obvious problems with such a law shows that you're clearly one of two things; an anti gun troll, or a blithering dipshit of the first order*.

*Or perhaps that choice is an illusion and I'm simply repeating myself.  




 This should be in /r/nottheonion 




 Consider getting a sleep study done to see if you suffer from sleep apnea  




 The gun lobby assures us kids are safe with guns. My son, when 11 years of age, could not avoid pointing a torch into the eyes of those around him. The idea he could avoid pointing a gun is absurd, Mr Browne said.

-Roland Browne, Gun Control Australia spokesman

Evidently Mr. Browne has done a phenomenal job of raising someone almost as obnoxious and stupid as himself.  




 GrC? 

People still read that sub? 

I mean, people other than Towely and his collection of sock puppets.  









 What's hilarious is that he exactly went on a mid-level rant where the whole subject was how he was sooooo much smarter than me. 

Frankly, I really think that CE, and his other sock puppet accounts are a compelling argument for tighter moderation of the sub. 

It's clear that these people aren't interested in honest discussion, so there's no need to give them a free place to roam.  




 Mmmm, Eric, your tears of sadness are so yummy and sweet!  




 Sample size of two. 

That's good science work, Lou! 




 IPSC. He was the son of a high-level competition shooter in a nation in the pacific rim.  




 Frankly, it's a sad reflection on who combat effective is as a person.

His posting history reveals him to be a wildly self-involved graboid with a superiority complex and a short temper, but then he thinks he can come in here and preach to all of us dumb ol' knuckle dragging retards about lead safety. 

What's hilarious is that he actually expects us to believe that his act actually comes from a place of sincere concern. 

For that reason, I hope he never goes away, because his ham-fisted attempts to outsmart a group of people he consistently underestimates is deeply funny.  




 Did you even read the article you posted?

They clearly stated that the people involved were not following proper lead mitigation protocols and that the range in question was poorly ventilated.


Perhaps if you're so concerned about these issues, you ought to do something about it, like volunteer at a local range with lead cleanup duties, teach a course on proper hygiene, or financially support the upgrade of ranges to use better ventilation and filtration systems. 




 Aww, look at you. Trying to push an agenda while wrapping yourself in a snuggly, warm blanket with "for the children" emblazoned on it.

Lead exposure from shooting is easy to mitigate by shooting at an outdoor range, or an indoor range with OSHA-compliant ventilation.

Other than that, following basic hygiene principles like washing your hands and refraining from eating while at the range will easily reduce lead exposure to safe levels.

Of course, if you've got proof of an epidemic of lead poisoning occurring among shooters involved with various junior programs, I'd certainly like to see it. 




 You mean the stats that show the use of guns for self defense far outweighs their use for crime? 

Already did.  




 This link is relevant to your confusion.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gSEzGDzZ1dY 




 If you repeat a big lie often enough, people will believe it. 




 Shhhh. The grown ups are talking, dearie.  




 Then why do you want to make people less safe by disarming them, therefore putting them in danger of being victimized? 




 I think we should just ban the flame throwers that use Dilithium Crystals.  




 If they want to waste time passing bans on guns that can be categorized as imaginary, I'm all for it. 

Frankly, I think the time has come for us to also pass bans on guns that have been imbued with magical powers. 

After all, no decent citizen needs a gun imbued with the powers of Satan.  




 The interesting thing in the comparison between guns and cars is that far more people die in car accidents than are killed with a gun. 

If we take at face value the argument that guns are meant for killing, but cars aren't, shouldn't we be actually far *more* concerned that more people die from a machine that isn't meant to kill than from one that is?  




 Evidently Adam Baldwin is the one who coined the phrase.  




 You don't know that, and its always a numbers game. Again, when the NRA throws their weight behind a politician who has a less than stellar record on guns, they're essentially engaging in influence buying.

It's not going to work 100% of the time, but it will work far more often than supporting the ideological politician who is 100% progun, but who has little chance of actually winning.

In the case of a Romney presidency, even assuming Romney would have signed a new AWB, you can be sure that the same strategy would be applied on down the line from the most senior Republican senator to the most junior freshman Republican House Rep.

From a strategic standpoint, it will always be in the interest of the NRA to participate in political races and to back the most likely winners.

The game is the game. 




 This really does apply, given the shameful lack of funding for fusion research. 




 Thanks for illustrating my point far better than I ever could have.

Have an upvote!

Cheers! 




 The NRA is going to support the candidate who is
1.) Most likely to win.
2.) Support gun rights.

Romney was and is anti-gun, but there's a strategy to the NRA's support for him. The NRA has a lot of money to buy ads that are favorable to a candidate like Romney. They're also able to turn out a significant number of highly engaged voters during election time.

So, let's imagine if the election had turned out differently and Romney had actually beaten Obama:

A guy like Romney may be an outright psychopath and a gun grabber, but he's not stupid. Once the election is won, all of those millions of dollars in ad buys and millions of NRA votes are accounted for.

When a gun control law ends up on the President's desk, the NRA is going to have a little conversation along the lines of "Hey, Mitt, remember all those commercials we ran for you, and positive coverage we gave to you in our media outlets, and all of the NRA members who showed up at the polls for you? Well, we did you a solid, and now it's your turn to do us a solid and veto that bill."

Even though a guy like Romney doesn't care about gun rights or gun owners, all of the support given to him by the NRA makes for a compelling reason to veto any bills the NRA doesn't like.

And of course, there's always the implied threat. "Hey, Mitt, we supported you when you needed us, if you don't do the same, well, we'll make sure you can't win the next primary."

So, from that standpoint, it's much more advantageous for the NRA to strategically support candidates who are likely to win, even if they aren't the perfect pro-gun candidate, because their support buys a lot of influence and clout, and even if that candidate isn't a fan of gun rights, he's well aware of the fact that NRA support makes it easier for him to win elections.

TL;DR: It's better to support a winner you can negotiate with, than a loser who's completely on your side. 









 Then why do they never differentiate between lawful gun owners and criminals when drafting gun control laws? 

It's either as I describe, or, the only other option is that leftists are so utterly narcissistic that they actually believe they are likely to be victimized by lawful gun owners and feel the need to preemptively disarm them. 

One wonders what sort of things the left is up to if they subscribe to a paranoid belief that their behavior could get them shot by a mild-mannered non-criminal citizen.  









 tl;dr:
Progressive ideology is rooted in tearing down old institutions and reshaping society in new and novel ways. Progressives hate gun ownership because it represents longstanding traditions, and your responsible gun handling will not dissuade them from hating you. Progressives are willing to cover for extremist Islam because it's new and novel to them, and the fact that it's non-western automatically makes it better than modern western civilization.

As a result, leftists will happily act as ambassadors for extreme Islam because it's new and novel, but will never, ever willingly acknowledge that there are positives to gun ownership because it's old and western.

----------------------

"Progressives" will always hate gun owners, and it has nothing whatsoever to do with your safe gun handling and everything to do with the philosophical underpinnings of liberal ideology, many of which are informed by the ideals of Marxism (during much of the early 20th century) and Postmodernism (late 20th century to now).

Left wing philosophy is fundamentally built on the notion that those things which have existed in society for long periods of time are fundamentally flawed, and must be torn down and done away with to make way for ideas, laws, and culture that are novel and new.

Among progressives, an understanding of history or *why* things have been done a certain way is unimportant. What the philosophy boils down to is "new is always better."

You can see this in nearly all forms of left-wing thinking, from economics (tear down capitalism) to feminism (tear down "the patriarchy") to environmentalism (tear down modern society) and on and on. Note that the outcomes from many of these changes aren't necessarily bad in and of themselves.

As such, gun owners are representative of a longstanding civil rights tradition that is deeply intertwined with the founding of the country. As such, civil rights, as embodied by the Bill of Rights, are completely anathema to the ideals of progressivism, and given that gun rights are steeped in traditions that are embedded into the founding of this nation, the average progressive has nothing but loathing for anyone who chooses to own a gun, and outright hatred for those who choose to do so for reasons that they don't personally approve of. The fact that you are responsible with your firearms *just simply doesn't matter to them because what they hate is the fact that guns are a very old school representation of a society they want to change in fundamental ways.*

So, in a nutshell, this is why leftists fundamentally oppose gun ownership and will never, ever recognize or care about the 99.995% of all gun owners are safe and responsible.

So what about the left's apologist stance regarding Islamism?

Well, if your default philosophical outlook is informed by the Postmodernist belief that your entire society is wrong about pretty much everything all of the time, and Multiculturalism has trained you to believe that all societies are equal, and that you, as a westerner, cannot possess the ability to reasonably articulate or even form valid criticism of other cultures, it becomes very easy for you to look outside of your own culture to find novel ways to inform your motives for implementing change in your society. (Remember, Progressive ideology is founded on novelty-seeking behavior and largely assumes that new = good and old/established = bad.)

Criticism of Islamism is a perfect example of where modern leftist ideology goes astray. In Islamism, you have a culture that is deeply rooted in beliefs that are brutally violent, horrendously racist and misogynistic, deeply subservient to religious authority, and aggressively willing to stamp out open inquiry and reason. Despite all of these plainly obvious drawbacks, Progressives will refuse to criticize, or in many cases, even acknowledge these problems because extremist Multicultural ideals have conditioned them to believe that criticizing other cultures is racist or can only flow from a place of western ignorance.

Because Islamism is foreign and strange to a westerner, it has the appearance of being novel and new to progressives, and since new always = better, you end up in a situation where supposedly forward-thinking intellectual types willingly act as apologists for a brutally violent and backward ideology. 




 $1 million/per year is couch cushion change to the DoD. 




 If there were any legitimacy to psychic phenomena for military intelligence applications, there would be zero need to spend trillions of dollars on drones, spy satellites, clandestine operations, and cyber warfare.

As it is, in the 1970s and 1980s, the DoD threw a paltry sum of money at at a few "free thinkers" just in case they were on to something.

They weren't.

For more information read the book "The Men Who Stare At Goats" or watch the movie based on the book. 




 If you're afraid of fluoride in the tap water, drink bottled water or filter your own.

Also, they put iodine in table salt, which is probably specifically for enhancing the mind control effects of the chemicals that are dispersed via airplane chemtrails. 




 A looney acquaintance of mine thinks vaccines don't do anything, but has continually claimed she doesn't understand people being upset about Ebola because, and I quote "there are homeopathic cures for Ebola."

 




 Not sure if this is an unfunny attempt at satire, or if this guy is just homeless. 




 You seem so smart. 

I'm surprised that my inquiry confuses you so.
 




 Are you this self-important and boring in real life, too? 




 I'm an atheist and I implied nothing of the sort.

Perhaps, in the future, you should stow your sense of smug self-righteousness and use of ham-fisted stereotypes. 




  Its been proven that looking at natural things, mainly trees somehow restores attention, you can focus better. This is also applied to stress reductiuon as the two is pretty connected.

This seems pretty obvious.

After all, who wouldn't opt to sit on a rock on the side of a mountain and watch a sunset vs. sitting in a grey and beige cubicle lit with cheap fluorescent bulbs. 




 There will always be a buck to be made in telling people comforting things that they want to believe. 




 Baking soda can be used to attenuate blood acidity, or acidosis. It gets included in a lot of workout supplements because it has some ability to mitigate "the burn" felt from intense exercise.

It's notable that the article doesn't mention the downsides to taking baking soda, which can politely be described as gastrointestinal distress, or more graphically described as inducing diarrhea and vomiting.

It can also cause problems for people with hypertension or those prone to panic attacks.

I suppose its something that might conceivably be used as part of a cancer treatment, if acidosis is a symptom or side effect of cancer or chemotherapy, but that's speculation on my part, and the author's claims that it's some kind of miracle cure are downright criminal.

If you're bored and want to read up on baking soda, then go here for all the fun you can possibly handle:

http://examine.com/supplements/Sodium+Bicarbonate/ 




 To be fair, you did ask him to prove a negative, which is impossible.  




 No problem. Examine.com is one of the best resources I've found for reading up on various supplements. 

Their approach seems very rational, and the process is pretty transparent.  




 Security might frown on that.  :-/ 




 Evidently its not completely theplacebo effect, but the effectiveness has been over stated.

http://examine.com/supplements/Glucosamine/ 




 I should have known... 




 For those of you who supplement more than once a day, how do you carry your supplements with you, especially if you take any of them while at work.

Thanks! 




 I know it sounds kind of douchey, but can we get a TL;DR?

What do phytochemicals do? 




 The Makarov is a pistol that utilizes a straight blowback design to cycle the gun.

As a result of the design, there are no Makarovs that use 9x19mm as the cartridge generates too much pressure to safely use a straight blowback operating system. Also, despite the fact that both 9x18 Makarov and 9x19mm are ostensibly 9mm cartridges, there actually is a difference in the diameter of the bullets (.365 caliber vs. .355 caliber.)

Years ago, I read a magazine article where they attempted to fire 9x19mm through a Makarov with some unpleasant side effects, including a tremendous amount of felt recoil and the brass being battered to death. The authors explicitly stated that shooting 9x19 in a Makarov was a bad idea.

There were a number of Maks that were made to fire .380ACP, however, and these can sometimes be found on the secondary market. 




 But it isn't and you're the only person who cares to argue that something that doesn't actually reduce noise should be regulated as a suppressor.

:-( 




 And yet, despite the fact that you like to tell people just how very, very smart you are, you're  evidently incapable of telling the difference between something that could be made into a suppressor (by filing the right paperwork and ordering the parts) and an actual suppressor.

Hint: an actual suppressor measurably reduces the sound signature of a firearm. 




 You obviously know nothing about firearms because the difference between a muzzle brake and a suppressor is about the same as the difference between Carbon and Sarin. 




 Yeah, I only took the sodium bicarbonate the one time. The results were unpleasant enough that I'm not going to do that again.

For awhile I was wondering if the Yohimbine or the EGCG were causing me nausea in the morning. I've cycled off of the Yohimbine for a couple of weeks, and have noticed that I'll get nausea from the EGCG, but only on an empty stomach. If I drink a protein shake or eat a spoonful or two of peanut butter, I feel fine. 




 When they can't go after guns directly, they go after magazines, ammunition, ranges and training. 




 Biden seems to do a fine job of shooting himself in the foot with alarming regularity, and he doesn't even need a gun. 




 According to Wikipedia, the molecular formula for Sarin is C4H10FO2P.

If you want to ban the chemical precursors of Sarin nerve gas, you're going to have to throw everyone in jail who has in their possession any of the following: carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, flourine, or phosphorous.

Given that all humans are carbon-based life forms, that right there should be enough to trip your "imprison anyone with a precursor for Sarin" law.

God forbid they want to drink a glass of water. The average glass of water has both Hydrogen and Oxygen, and in many places, Flouride (an anion of Flourine.) In your world, you'd be calling out the bomb disposal squad and breathless media reporters every time anyone got the least bit parched.

Of course, I guess you'll have to throw all farmers in jail, since Phosphorus is a common ingredient in fertilizer, to say nothing of it's myriad industrial applications, and the fact that it's present in practically all matches.


In short, I'd like you to answer one question:

What's it like being so cretinously stupid?

Was your stupidity an impediment to learning how to type, or breathe without mechanical assistance? 














 They forgot to disable voting on that ad. 




 If you're old enough to type, but don't know the answer to that inquiry, you're either the sort of sorry sociopath who would rape someone, or a thoroughly empty headed left wing nitwit.   




 Tell that to Washington DC. The law there defines any hand gun capable of holding more than ten rounds as being a machine gun.  




 the "yo, fuck this guy" was aimed at the subject of the news story who thought it was a good idea to go around town openly strapped without obtaining any training or putting any actual thought into why he was doing what he was doing.

But now that I look at /u/jayjay59's post history, fuck him, too.  




 You used to be able to get surplus 1911s throught the CMP, but they killed distribution of pistols via the CMP sometime in the 1960s. 




 Yo, fuck this guy. 




 I realize that you're an idiot, but I'd appreciate it if you didn't project your stupidity on me.

Of course there are forms of rape that don't involve direct physical violence or the threat of violence; drugging someone or taking advantage of someone who's drunk themselves into a stupor are clearly two examples of this.

But you must be completely touched in the head if you think that you can change the behavior of the kind of psychopath who'd rape a blackout drunk college coed by forcing them to sit through a 60-slide Power Point presentation that outlines the do's and don'ts of when it's ok to stick your dick in someone.

The kind of morals that will prevent someone from taking advantage of another person in such a situation get laid down and reinforced in childhood. Of course, leftist idiots in this country have done everything they can to disassemble the notion of instilling morals and ethical behavior into children, and then they get all butthurt 20 years later when their idiotic methodologies lead to 20-something dudebros who don't have any ethical problems with rape.

Of course, that's all fine and dandy so long as someone can get a financial grant to go out and show the aforementioned slide deck to the aforementioned dudebros, isn't it? 




 Who are the people who think you need to attend a class to learn that rape is bad?

Seriously, what the fuck have you been smoking? 

If you don't know that you shouldn't assault someone, sexually or otherwise, by the time you've reached adulthood, you deserve to get shot for trying to initiate violence against someone. 

Jesus, the whole "we need to teach men not to rape", like you're trying to housebreak a particularly recalcitrant puppy, line of thinking is not only idiotic, it's an insult to the intelligence of all upstanding and moral men and women everywhere.  









 His problem is that he was able to build a fairly broad base of support as a folksy moderate Democrat who was pro-business and pro-energy development.

Even the most partisan tea party types grudgingly tolerated him.

It's been all down hill for him since the gun thing started, and his actions regarding the Nathan Dunlop case, lying to the sheriffs, and backtracking on legalizing weed haven't won him any friends.

His problem seems to be that he's trying to please DNC political party bosses to cement his next political career move, and in the process he's managed to piss off everyone from gun owners and law enforcement to pot heads and environmentalists.

Now that people are out to play political hardball because they no longer view Hick favorably, he doesn't know what to do, and his poor choices continue to compound. 














 When they can't go after guns directly, they go after ranges, ammunition, and training.  









 If you take the "no compromise" stance, you'll never win even a partial victory. 

The FOPA was pretty much the only 2nd Amendment victory from the Reconstruction era until 2004, and without it, you would be unable to order bulk ammo online, purchase ammo art a retail shop without signing a registry, buy long guns in adjoining states, or have legal protections when traveling with firearms. 

FOPA also managed to reign in some of the more egregious behaviors of the ATF as well.  




 The 86 ban was tacked on by a NJ Democrat to The Firearms Owner Protection Act late at night via a super shady voice vote. 

It was signed into law because the rest of FOPA had some really necessary legislation in it, and they would have had to throw the whole thing out over the MG cap.  




 Shonda Rhimes makes shit tv shows, and it doesn't surprise me that she'd try to push a political belief on her viewers. 









 Once upon a time, I thought that the NRA's rhetoric was harsh and inflammatory. 

Turns out I was wrong.

What's actually harsh and inflammatory is the mainstream media's reaction to anything the NRA says or does, no matter how benign. 

Frankly, now, when I see some idiot having a public freak out about the NRA, it just makes me chuckle. 

All it does is show that the NRA lives rent-free in the heads of these hateful bigots. 



















 Clearly we must ban knowledge of machining techniques and use of tools. 

For the children.  




 You heard right.  




 From all of the times gun control advocates have tried to shut down training courses held at commercial venues, attempted to have instructors thrown out simply for being NRA-certified, and your movement's attempt to have shooting ranges closed down for completely asinine reasons.  




 LOL!  




 Wired is owned by Conde Naste, a publishing conglomerate out of NYC. 

What else would you expect?  









 As relevant today as when it was released.

http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=KlvUz6phquo 




 It's hilarious.

And tragic.

But mostly hilarious. 




 COMPROMISE! 




