 Yep.i would have taken it over that shirts ending.  




 I see what the problem is. Never live on a farm that looks that creepy.  




 "be sure to use the water strainer when cleaning out the filter"  




 "oh, might as well ask for a cup of minced flour too"  




 Oldpickuptruckforum.net 




 Curious, where are you from?  




 Lol 




 You must work in a kitchen too. 

"hey grab me the bacon stretcher when your in the back" 




 What version are we watching here?  




 Wait, this us the US version?  




 Seriously. Yet, I work in an open kitchen and the questions I get sometimes make my blood boil. 

"is there any dairy in the new England clam chowder?"

"do you have gluten free bread. No? Okay, I'll just get the wheat"
 




 I thought only in America he acted like this?  




 Or its "reality tv"  




 In the trenches of Vietnam we not only got swamp foot, we got ourselves swamp gas.  




 Hear hear.  




 No! That shit still looked horrible.  




 Whatever, tater salad.  




 That last Indiana Jones movie was a travesty but there have been some amazing movies filmed here. Off the top of my head there is Amistad, It Happened to Jane, Let's Scare Jessica to Death, The Ice Storm, The Family Stone, Revolutionary Road, The Stepword Wives...im sure plenty of others but some good shit has been filmed here.  




 Wildcard birches  




 Bro, do you even Waiting on a Friend?  




 Wow, we should procreate. I couldnt agree more. 

Not kidding.  Those are two songs I play on repeat for hours.  




 Circles- sunny day real estate  




 So then you know many of these morons that you question?  




 Nobody with the arms, K?  




 my hands are mangled... 




 Chef here as well. Thought the same thing.  




 okay, i guess but that's just the luck of the draw. 




 Out of curiosity, what are you proud of exactly?  




 Curious where the f sound comes in when pronouncing th.  




 Ya, but can he open up this clam shell set of headphones I have?  




 Should have been holding a chainsaw.  




 Grew up in the CDE and up until six months ago lived directly across the street from devitt field. Can confirm...mardi Gras level partying.  




 Recent cordcutter here as well. Can't get a digital signal where I am so I just stream the news to my TV.  




 Green Jello baby.  




 Black lab?  









 I don't get it. Please explain.  




 We know.  




 I want to live where you live.  




 holy smokes. 









 There is a bi yearly (I think ) free dental expo in Hartford at the convention center. Look that up.  




 Just pray it away, yo.  




 No questions needed. I understand the platform this sub wants. The majority spoke. Thanks for showing me your liberty bell ways. :)  




 Good point. Back to the dark side...soon. 




 agreed, yet someone is always going to be upset about something being removed. Again, I am going to mod the fuck out of this sub when it comes to anything you mentioned...because the majority agrees.  




 /r/ctbeer 




 elephantitis? 




 I could have ignored it and done what we have always been doing but the majority was upset about this stuff. This is what I'm talking about.  




 The post came from a local clubs reddit account. How is me removing that childish?  




 it's too bad for some people. You guys spoke and a certain someone doesnt like how its going and many of you agreed (a majority) so I deleted a few things. They had upwords of 30 upvotes and were about a cool band playing around here but sadly the post came from the venue. :(  




 it seems the majority of this sub doesnt like this kind of post so its being removed.  




 Believe me it does.  




 I met the Easter bunny 




 It's about time.  




 Always interesting when Lyme disease comes up as I live in old Lyme.  




 I had one on the tip of my dick. My girlfriend had to use tweezers. No joke.  




 Commenting from Old Lyme. I feel the pain.  




 im sorry. maybe a bit too much crunchy bits for a smooth jam, but I had to bring it up.  




 I wonder their reasoning.  




 Not cool. 




 Is your friend Mario Batali?  




 Bro do you even BearShare?  




 But, it still has 16 moons, right? 




 Let's do it. I know you from around this sub dirt bike.  




 While I mentioned it was impossible and still kind of do I always go to  [this song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIzLHJRadrM). I'm on repeat already for the 10th time and can barely make it through the first verse without braking down and crying. 

It's so nice to know there is at least one other person out there that feels the same as I do. You have to be out there. Show yourself or am I alone? 




 Did anyone else see the cookie monster.  




 Avid kayaker here. Do you just want to stick to lakes to keep it calm? Plenty of coves around that are fairly calm. I am in Niantic but know everything north up to Haddam and east to Westbrook fairly well. [Meshershmitts](http://ct.gov/deep/cwp/view.asp?a=2686 q=384108 deepNav_GID=1620) in Winthrop is a great quiet spot. The lower CT River Valley is what I am very experienced with. Let me know if you are down for rivers/coves? What I usually do is open up google earth and map out routes. We have so many bodies of water around here it's crazy. Feel free to ask about any in particular. Do you fish as well? 

I started /r/connecticutkayakers a while back which doesn't really get much action but join anyway. At least we know it's people in CT that like to kayak.  




 umnumpshebump 




 man, you must be  a hoot at parties. 




 yes? 




 no need to be morbid, bro. 




 It's amazing.  




 Where did they film the scene in the beginning when kyle Chandler was chest deep in the mangroves? Is that shit real?  




 You're kidding, right?  




 Well, a door knob hey?  




 Pedro?  




 DANG.  




 right? not possible.  




 The 70s was a crazy time.  




 Man, Flickr on mobile is annoying.  




 Perfect . Already stuck in my head. ;)  




 And also people belive things that sound right. 

Point to the study that shows you're right.  




 I haven't been able to have apps run in the background recently. As in, if I'm warbling a video on YouTube I can't go to my home screen anymore it just closes YouTube.  




 Go to sleep. I have to wake up at 730. 




 I don't know, what's up wit u daaawg?  




 Nope 




 Kinda smells like up dog.  




 Bro, do you even dollar store on a Tuesday?  




 That's a fancy lock for a bedroom.  




 And your mom sure has fine hands?  




 So far this a great thread.  




 Just finished 10 minutes ago. I'll be checking back in whene.... 




 Do you remember Chris Beck?  




 Darn, was hoping it was going to be Steely Dan.  




 Seems we disagree.  




 She's got a voice for the newspaper.  




 No, triple lindy style.  




 *but maybe* 




 And non volunteer fireman.  




 Thing is people have been doing it for at least the past two years. As I said, it's not a problem right now. When I or another mod notices it it will be handled. I understand your issue but it's not a big problem right now. If it becomes one I'll deal with it.  




 I'm a mod. People contact us and ask first usually. As long as it is not a habit I don't see the problem with it. It's not like this sub is overwhelmed with this kind of stuff. Actually, it's been great lately with a lot of useful and relevant posts.  




 Every Muslim country?  




 really, bro. On the other hand? 




 youd be saying the same thing if you were there.  




 thank alah that no one will ever steal again.  




 where was this and how often does this happen? 




 wow, love that you went with masshole. what are we called? Connecticunts?

My senior year they were in the process of getting rid of the policy so im sure the next year it was gone.  




 Lights match on dudes chest "ohhh shhhiiittt"  




 Oh my god the scene with them in the jail and Richard Pryor has to light the guys cigarette with a match in his chest? "oh shhhiiitttt"  




 Bro do you even Labrynth? That shit was nightmare jet fuel.  




 Hear hear 




 Hey my favorite movie. Rarely gets any love on reddit.  




 Do what?  




 releasing a new song on Monday.  




 i met that dude a couple of times while living in seattle. he rode his bike....everywhere  




 this is 10m years ago. 




 Connecticut. For some reason my school still had a policy of letting kids pay 20 bucks for a smoking card regardless of age as long as a parent signed a slip. We had a smoking courtyard in the middle of school that you could go to in between classes. I graduated in 97. 




 My phone has been turned on and off dozens of times since this started.  




 That's bigoted. You're a bigot.  




 Coming from a Brit I assume you know two colors of people. 

;)  




 That's racist. You're racist.  




 I'm curious why. I was born here in 78 and only spent 9 years out of state. I have always called it a tag sale. Is this a point of contention that I am unaware of?  




 Was about to go in my basement and set up my kit but bought a pizza instead.  




 "broke"  




 Note, fresh POTS . Just FRESH POTS.  




 "should have taken that last exit 50 feet beforehand if you wanted to make it to the beach today"  




 /r/mildbarbarians 




 You rock, thank you.  




 The early 90's was a great time in high school. Could still smoke in school and principals let you smoke in there office after you had a fist fight.  




 sorry, but do you have a second to walk me through the process?  




 perfect, thank you. Did you shop this or is there a simple app etc for this? 














 lol. wow. I have never seen one before. It's freaking hilarious though.   




 can anyone [help me](http://imgur.com/EfsaX8u) 




 lol. i like to think of it as a "beware of traffic on 95 in the Old Lyme region" 














 its happening when I try to upload via youtube app and also when I try to do it through my gallery. any ideas? 














 didnt know of this bipap. teach me your ways. im still very new to this. 




 Sure does. I took home the nose one. The full month one was nuts.  




 Just got my cpap machine today. I'm not. :)  




 Ct?  




 Ct here. Fucking mass holes.  




 I mean, it probably is.  









 Okay. 




 dont have any extensions running, just did a powerwash and its still the same. choppy, horrible. :( 




 tried all. just finished the powerwash, dont have any extensions going and still choppy as hell while scrolling. :( 




 literally literallying? 




 Niantic checking in.  




 we got bears bro. 




 dude, this state is like all woods. 




 a bushy milk jug? 




 from 1 to even you cant? 




 couldnt be made up 




 you got a free save the whales poster card in there? 




 still wearing jNcos a gather? 




 yah, seriously. That was amazing.  




 never been able to find Kattan doing Oates. 




 seriously, whats a guy to do to find the Kattan skit of Oates? 




 and stomped with soccer cleats. 




 *sort of* 




 Well, the death is still pretty funny too.  




 All I really had cable for still was AMC and local news. I learned that my location wouldn't pick up my news station. So, I went to there website and they stream it live.

The side effect is no commercials. It's just goes to a blank screen saying well be back shortly. I stream it to my smart TV and  I'm all set. Yay. 

All in all I have noticed a huge difference in my screen time. I used to have a habit of turning on my TV, my laptop and my ipad to record music etc. Now my entire TV area is unplugged and I only turn it on to use Netflix of the random ps3 game. I bought a chromebook and the battery is amazing. Definitely saving on electricity for sure.  




 Ruth seeing her husband and first born before dying.  









 ah, great. thank you. 




 The place I moved into has no external entrance for the basement. I would like to build one that I can easily take apart for when I move. 




 It really isn't.  




 Video?  




 It's not like incognito makes your searched invisible. Just that they don't show up in your history. They still use that data I believe.  




 Oh and if you're invited to a wedding and fail to mention one of your many allergies to the couple don't be upset that when it's dinner time it may take a bit to get the plain boiled chicken you asked us for (2 minutes into dinner servive) as we are putting out a duet of short ribs and salmon for 200 people. 

I'm a catering chef.  









 not if you tell them its just for the giant hornet... 




 i used to. with my my bb gun. right out my window. they would build a nest every year in a few places. it wait til one of the fucker landed about 8 feet from window on the roof and bam. 

i may have video of it somewhere gonna go look. 




 beads? 




 the ones in op's pic look larger than 1.8 inches long, or is a carny holding them? 




 i can never figure out who is talking to who with 4chan. im so confused. 




 is it a karate *don't* kick? 




 By the later seasons is just down to "sayiiin?"  




 Lol when Ray is showing Jacob around the park and smashes the car into the tree.  




 This is great. I saw him and Ray perform doors songs with a Jim Morrison wannabe and some stand in drummer. Witnessing Ray and Robby play When the Music's Over together was a dream come true. Never thought it would happen.  




 Seriously. That dude is one unfunny ass hole.  




 Sea Change- Beck 




 Bummed I can't make it. I never can. We need a winter one.  




 I don't think you know what passive aggressive means.  




 Number 6 bro? Wow.  




 No, some of us are and will be alone forever.  




 Poppy WiFi  




 Great job.  




 Are we on Facebook?  




 Wow. Awesome. How are they able to stream all those channels for 20 bucks?  




 Is sling Live? 




 I just moved to Niantic. There is a record store here? 




