 Alright, so is that going to require taking anything major out? 




 I was in a spot where I needed to force cold air into the engine, that's what I had to do. I didn't come here for support with my decisions, I came here for help. It's applicable to the problem so I included it. From what I've read it should cool down when I rev the engine or go around 60 if its the fan clutch right? I shouldn't have to hit 100mph to get results. I feel like it cooled down there because there was so much air going into the engine. Is there a definite way to tell if it's one or the other without tearing it apart? I live in an apartment complex that doesn't care for me disassembling my car in the parking lot lol 




 Yep. 




 I noticed they were using the "Roman candle" for their spells. It's good, but I think it's a bit reckless considering you cannot turn them off. The "flare gun" item has a lower rate of fire, but the damage is much higher. 




 Well the strength skill will be phenomenal also, but I'm not sure which career skill he'd have time for. I have heard that it's possible for a player to incorporate those skills into a career tree but it isn't easy. 




 If you aren't picky go for the machining skill tree. I've always been in it, you learn skills that can branch out into other skills like metallurgy, electrical, maintenance, and other kinds of things. Good say to grind currency too, in the US server I've averaged 16.00 an hour! 




 I had a similar experience, I was just drinking some vodka for the happiness buff and my frame rate dropped insanely low. Like we're talking black screen except for a minute every couple hours. Next thing I know I've spawned at this stone query (fortunately I didn't lose any gear) and my pre 2000 update vehicle I just grinded currency for was missing its bumper. The devs really need to work on this. 




 Yeah I heard something about the vampire boss thing, but I'm pretty sure they changed it to a hand-spear type weapon in an update following this sword. Apparently the boss was really op so they put in a stronger weapon to counter it. I'm pretty sure they removed the vampire boss completely around the time of the firearm update (at the very latest). 




 Know if they'll be restocking? 




 I gotta have that thing Lol. Does anyone know if its going to be sold separately? 




 Well, the car won't cool down until I hit over 100 so I think the fan clutch is probably okay. Is there a way to check the radiator? That is comparably easy to get out of the car if I can check that out 




 I have a 94 bmw 325i that's overheating, it seems to be leaking a small bit of oil but not too much. I think it's the water pump but that thing is an absolute nightmare to get to. Is there a way to troubleshoot it to see if that is actually the problem?

May be worth noting that the thermostat was not working but I replaced it... Still overheating though. I think maybe the overheating from the thermostat may have melted the plastic impeller on the water pump. Is there anything else I should look into in addition to that? NTB did a pressure check and said it was holding pressure, if that helps at all. 




 Think 16 gb of ram will do it? I'm in the midst of building my pc so that's all I have ATM. I plan on adding another 16 gb and a much better graphics card eventually but that's neither here nore there lol 




 I'm really into mmorpg's but can't find any free ones I like. Can anyone suggest anything? Please not runescape, that has taken more money and time from my youth that any other game combined.. 




 Did they add another area to mobile? I've got the pc and mobile version but the last I played the phone version they only had the first area.  




 Geez calm down no need to yell 




 BE PATIENT?!?! I'LL BE PATIENT WHEN I WANNA BE PATIENT! HOW DARE YOU EXPECT ME TO WAIT FOR A THING! 




 If you play any instruments this would make a decent dampener to reduce echo when recording. That would be my excuse anyway.. 




 :c 




 I named my son chair, is it the same thing? 




 Can confirm, need pics of lack of penis. 




 Truth be told I haven't seen the herakles yet. I'm more of an arctic kinda guy myself Lol 




 https://m.reddit.com/r/electronic_cigarette/comments/2zwr5e/can_some_one_tell_me_why_it_is_dangerous_to_use/ 


pretty good starting point... Search function guys 




 It's never a good idea to put a tank on a hybrid mod. Doesn't matter how long the pin is.  




 /u/TrollaBot train_subject1642 




 I've watched most of the series up to shippuden season 12 dubbed in english, but I can't find season 13 or beyond dubbed. Is there anywhere to watch/download them anywhere? I've got everything later on my pc subbed but that's all I can find. Thanks in advance! 









