 As a person that lived in Yugoslavia,nah Titos death was a pretty sad moment. 




 Its an amazing dark themed rpg,if you like those types of games and havent heard of it before,you should check it out! 




 Aye,I guess i could tune in tommorow morning,but i could also use some help with campaign,killing the Chef in particular is taking me too long.Even when i use spears and knives. 




 Its a tactical squad shooter.If you played Ghost Recon before then theres your explanation.If not,well youre basically in a squad with a couple of other people,and you get objectives(Take out other squad,capture locations).Its based in Vegas(duh) spec ops teams and it uses cover systems like Mass Effect(if you played it).Yes,yes it is fun but its an old game nonetheless. 




 Guess we were all wrong in the prediction thread.Well played microsoft,well played. 




 Any of the mass effect series,all the games are awesome and are generally pretty cheap pre owned 




 I think youre thinking of /r/datgap bro 




 dear god this is awesome 









 Ok,after playing the game all i have to say is that it aint that bad guys.Yes,for some reason i think the first one looked better,played better and all in all just WAS a better game.The problem with this game is the same with DmC:Devil may Cry.It would be a great stand alone game.But as a long awaited PvZ sequel?Meh. 




 Also a Mass Effect game would be god given,I have played the 2nd and the 3rd,with Mass Effect 2 being one of the best RPGs ive played in a long time! 




 To be honest,I only heard of Defense Grid over steam and never really knew it was on other platforms.That said,its not that bad.Well atleast the PC version i played 




 Hi!As we all know,the two games they gave out this month were based on being open world(ish).So what bundle do you think they might give next?Im rooting for a Witcher+Dragons Age title,which would make sense.Or something like a Oblivion(lets be honest,we aint getting skyrim) + Fallout 3,which are both fantastic titles.


Anyway,i want you hear what you guys think!



EDIT:Well its magic the gathering 2013 and rainbow six Vegas.Seems like none of us can predict for shit.Well,see guys later this month in another Predictions thread! 




 Was it ever considered to be added in the future?I know we arent that much big of a deal,but the question always bugged me,probably since i played my first fifa. 




 ammo?I passed the whole game with a super sledge 




 Or some reason,I read this in Treant Protectors voice(cant link now,on my phone,will link in the morning if it means anything) 




 Eh djoka in serbian is a slightly humorous name for penis,still we call him either that or nole 




 Old riki had a moving death ward for his ult 




 Leshrac is an amazing mid if run right,though hes preffered in a support combo 




 When i started,i thought it was derived from Assist,and i would constanlty go to lanes to help those poor guys out,and then get confused by why they need assistance when they are alone 




 Us Serbians recognizing Kosovo seems like the least likely of those to end up happening soon. 




 Hey,Could someone tell me if this is just for US or do we europeans get some love too?Thanks in advance 




 Source- http://www.bravotube.net/videos/slim-casey-connelly-demonstrates-her-nude-body-in-the-backyard/?promoid=1259 




 I set it to Empire and QPAD,but mouz is probably a great pick too 




 That's Sarah jean underwood,she's a playboy playmate  




 There's also sand kings line: Come closer,and I'll show you fear in a handful of sand. If my memory serves me well this is a Dark Tower refference 




 1-10 on earthshaker,and yet it says i have max skill as him
 




 Ah I understand,thanks for clearing it up! 




 I believe its here too,but i don't think it is on all of the games,which would explain how they got the amount...or I just overlooked a number,give me a moment and i will check it

EDIT:just checked,the pack is 50% off here too,yet for some reason it says you only save 7,74 in the deal... 




 Meh you didn't loose a lot,last time i checked the price difference was 7euros 




 Second time i see a post about this and no one mentions Dragon Knight again.That tough motherfucker needs his final form,maybe making him a blackish dragon with a desolatorish effect 




 Hya all,just unboxed this from the new chest.Offers prefferably in keys and here,but if i have no problem with you adding me 




 hahah,ill guess ill just pick up that offer :)
 




 How many items are you willing to offer for it?The c/o is 2 rares 2 uncommons
 




