 Likely because it implies that it wasn't important enough to be read by the recipient. 




 I mean, THEY'RE MASSIVE ASS JUGS. 




 I loved the beta. Felt nothing like CoD imo 




 I have to agree with you entirely. This is odd. 




 Political undertones heavy. 




 He has to do some mocap for facial expressions and movement 




 So is it switching to more of a halo 5 theme? Or new one in general 




 I second this motion.  




 Ayyoo 




 Found the fatty lmao 




 First stop? Reach. 

Read The Fall of Reach 




 Holy shit. He has a fucking camel toe.  




 Fuckin Del Rio 




 Okay. So from now on, when something goes wrong in Halo, be it lore, MM, general problems the Chief will face. We say ***Thanks Del Rio***

Flood? *Thanks Del Rio* 
Character death? *Thanks Del Rio*
MCC broken? *Thanks Del Rio* 




 With part of the game being set before HTT. I'm really thinking we'll be playing as chief when he rocks those SS at the embassy 




 I don't think he will. Even Joseph Staten was extremely reluctant to get involved with halo 




 Guise. I swear to fucking Marty, 343 srsly hates us all. Fuck halo 5 and fuck Buck.

Edit: upBRs to the left to support the cause and get 3v4 to finally admit they are literally fucking terds and know nothing about anything developing halo. #halosplitscreenorgy 




 Lack of couch 




 He's lucky. 




 I'd fuck you over Caitlyn Jenner. Nice job. More pics though.  




 What. How did you even find this post? 




 Her name is incredibly badass.  




 Thank God. I don't think her tits could fit in Spartan armor. 




 I think it's bc the pictures aren't the best, Selfies are an art. Other than minor skin issues you're fine. If I saw you in real life I'd be throwin out my cheesiest pick up lines. 




 I'd say so. You could do better though. 




 OP listen to the comments. Everything wrong with you is fixable. Fashion can turn a 3 to an 7. Get your teeth fixed and start bulking and working out now, by a year you'd be a 7.5 to an 8 and not ugly as shit. 

Look good, feel good. Your confidence will grow, and you'll be a better father for your son and lover to his mother. Working out well boost it as well. 




 Holy shit. 




 Ohio pride! 




 And space battles, complete with fleets and command centers. 

Fuck it, let's do an MMOFPS 




  therapist 

I read that as the rapist for some reason 




 I find you very sexy. The fit muscular thing is hot as shit 




 Brah you need to hit that chest some more. 




 Very pretty face. Need full body shot 




 Typical internet question: Are you hot?  




 1. Workout and don't quit sports

2. Read

3. Be confident 

4. Dress better

5. Be friendlier and more social

6. Talk about it

7. Don't play as much Xbox. 

8. Don't associate with losers.  




 It's unfortunate, and isn't an indicator. But that was the thought process back in the day, and reverence to god *does* generally help build good men as a foundation for quality character, I think that's the main thought process. 

I straight up told them I wasn't sure about religion or god, they told me that's fine you're young. 9 times out of 10 they will find an excuse to pass you as long as you aren't callus about it. They know it's kind of a stupid rule, but religion is integral to scouting.  




 They already are private.  




 I had mine a month ago. Class of 2015! Fuck yeah. Made some of my best friends from my years in the sticks. 




 In regard to Atheists, it's easy to get away with it. For example, the rule states you must believe in a *higher power*. You can claim your higher power is The Universe as I did, or whatever. Most of the time they won't deny you entrance based on that as it's handled on the troop level.  




 His arms remind of Anchor Arms from Spongebob. 




 I've been apart of it for the better part of my life. I can say with absolute certainty that scouting is one of the last true bastions of youth development and citizenship in America. IMO it undoubtedly trains and equips better and more honorable citizens and well rounded men. 

It's a shame all of that crap the organization has been put through in regards to sex abuse and gaining a bad rep. They are caught between a rock and a hard place with funding from both human rights organizations and churches, both threatening to withdraw funding if they don't get their way, and right at a time in history when young men need scouting the most.  




 We'd literally do that after a Board of Review lmao 




 Damn babey, you're HOT! 




 I can't agree with that. I blame the UEG government being set up wrong in the first place. They didn't need to surrender any power 




 I bet not.  




 It is a shame he doesn't understand economics at all.  




 As an Eagle myself, great job and welcome to the brotherhood. Do your nation and badge proud!

Edit: I didn't realize so many here were Eagles. Actually I should have known, explains a lot.  




 Ooooooooooooohhhhhhh 




 U mad?

You clearly have problems to be this salty. Go continue to wallow in self pity and the fact that you will never be successful. 




 I've never considered a difference of opinion in politics, in religion, in philosophy, as cause for withdrawing from a friend.

   - Thomas Jefferson 




 These guys are liberty in Washington.  




 Because free capitalism will always be superior. 




 Was your dad a boxer. Because you're a KNOCKOUT! 

Smoking is hazardous for your health, and baby.. you're killing me.

Hah get it. 




 Because it takes an attitude and will. Not *just* hard work. 




 It got a more intense and out of hand then it should have and I apologize about that. I told him at the beginning of the night if we were going to discuss it, it should be done later in a private party. Won't happen again when we play. But to be fair, it was egged on a bit at the beginning. 




 Halo soundtrack hands down. Has THE BEST sound of any game to date. Still get chills listening to the monks 




 The Warlock.  




 Next hit from Beyonce right there 




 Why me 




 Wtf.

*come to the middle* 




 Hahaha. I enjoyed mentally sparing with you. 




 Halo Reach had a "next gen" filter in forge lmao. 




 He's a dirty socialist. He was promptly ridiculed. 




 The face he's making is punchable. But other than that he looks like a normal dude. Everyone can make punchable faces 




 You fucked Jackie 




 With some recent posts, I swear this sub has just become neckbeards hating on people better off socially.  




 Stfu shillbag 




 The window is concave....or convex can't remember. Anyways it's kind of like one of those mirrors in a funhouse that distorts your image making you look a little bigger.

 




 I love you.  




  It was SWAT on Turf. H2. 

We had an alliance, red and blue working together to destroy the gold menace. Then... it happened. You shot me.  

I cri evrytim 




 I've read all of these. I want more. 




 But Jun thinks Six is dead :/ 




 He's alive. There is absolutely no concrete evidence he is dead. We never see the last few moments and Bungie specifically did that, we're meant to assume. I get it's implied he's dead. But it wouldn't be hard to bring him back, and state that Jun simply didn't know. 




 Well, Chief was designed as that "vessel" character as well for the games. He had development in the books, but it was always second to the game. They could develop Six or Rookie more if they wanted too. They were in the same boat chief was in 2001 without the book.  




 Dat halo 5 guardians. Can't wait. 




 He won't get the nomination unfortunately. He's too far away from the Fox news/establishment wing. I can almost guarantee they will give it to Bush. And we'll see Bush.3 vs Clinton.2 Round 2. In which case Hillary will win and we'll see 4 more years of the last 15 years. If Rand gets nominated however, the Republicans have a serious chance of winning. It's sad how they don't realize this  




 You were the one that betrayed our sacred alliance...  




 He still shouldn't get subsidies at all. No corporation should.  




 He had like 100 patents. And without him or JP Morgan, homes wouldn't have electricity. He did invent it. Tesla only made AC the way to go and won out against Edison's DC. Unless you're talking about Musk, then jack shit of significance at the moment but he's on his way to being an industry pioneer. 




 No. Fuck Mht. That traitorous bastard. I TRUSTED HIM 




 Halo wars 2 HCS league 




 But the children!  




 They've buffed the pistol according to Josh Holmes on Team Beyond forums. It wrong replace a BR or DMR however. 




 It's possible. 343 has done things like this before.  




 This happened the first time I played through. Restarting at last checkpoint fixed it. 




 This. These exact graphics and art. Beautiful. 




 I usually enjoy gaming parodies. That was just awful 




 Stop right there.  




 Yes. But there is a big difference between halo and destiny lore. Halos lore is much more expansive and frequent, tons of new posts pop up on /r/halostory. Its just a place for in depth discussion of the lore and where it can be the front page thing rather than clips.  




 Perfectly put 




 More pics. How tall are you? 




 That's actually hilarious 




 This is essentially it. Bungie went for fun. During the h1 commentary, they said "we tried to think what weaponry would be like 500 years from now, and it wouldn't have been fun, so we had to use conventional bullets." 




 WHERE DOES IT END. 




 Not sure honestly. I'm not mad either way. It would be nice to get some confirmation though. 




 Sapien Sunrise 









 If anything, he did what was within regulation. He did what he always had done, no huge risks. But at the time he was looking out for his ship. Huge mistake 




 John D Rockefeller and Andrew Carnegie worth well into almost 1 trillion dollars. Decided it was time to give back to society in their later years, Rockefeller by himself ended up giving 585(?) billion dollars to philanthropic causes and leaving about 200 billion for his family. Carnegie gave just as much.  




 Then they get older and maul you. 




 I don't support subsidies of any kind. But he is like a modern day JP Morgan, Vanderbilt, and Rockefeller rolled into one. Only not as rich because his tech hasn't taken off yet and become mass market viable.  




 3 means heart. 




 He ruined halo with his sprint nonsense. The way sprint watered down gameplay, is the way his face was watered down.
Shill 




 Gamma company 3 




 Seriously FUCK DEL RIO.  




 Need better pic. Those suck 




 Yeah, in all likelyhood, it's Tit's McGee. But Dare is familiar with Buck, and she's already a spook. 




