 This is my fear.  I'm sorry, but hang in there xoxo 




 When I was between 16w and 26w, I would go a day here and there without anything and it would totally freak me out.  A doppler is what really gave me piece of mind, but I know it's not for everyone.  Just relax, I promise it's normal! 




 Same with me, did progesterone this time and now I'm 32 weeks!  Yay excited for you! 




 Well, you're not the only one.  When someone mentioned "The Anthem," I still think of their song ["East Coast Anthem."](http://youtu.be/Dx9WnY7DGsM) 




 How exciting! 




 Yes exactly, it's about disguising the clips.  




 Well, yes I agree about the smoking part completely.  I was asking her age because for someone in their late 20's to act invincible or not act like they are pregnant at all is a little surprising.  I know "maternal" instincts are arbitrary.   




 Thanks guys.  Just so nervous about when labor starts.  Xoxo 




 See, that is what is weird.  I never thought discharge could be compared to thin liquid, but it totally is.  Sometimes you will get a tiny gush, especially the further you get along.  Well, call him, I'll be thinking of you!  I'm sure it's nothing. 




 I'm about 32 weeks, just chilling here on my couch and I feel very subtle period - type cramps.  I'm talking, very subtle.  No stomach - tightening, or what has been described as Braxton Hicks.  But it's just freaking me out a little.  Anyone?

Edit: of course I have a typo in my title, lol. 




 I wish I could be of more help, my Dr told me that whenever I thought it could be fluid to lay on my side, and when I were to switch sides or sit up, I should feel a gush.  

Does your Dr have an on-call number? 




 Take care of yourself.  And take as much time as you need to do it.  Xoxo 




 Great profile, isn't it exciting?! 




 How old are you guys, if I may ask?  Maybe once she gets a little further the maternal instincts will kick in. 




 This is so tough, because no one can make her quit but herself.  :/

As hard as it might be, try to be the positive force around her, instead of being repulsed and obviously annoyed.  Just remind her how important  this life is.  I'm rooting for you! 




 I like how the show would give real-life examples of micro-expressions and cut away to political figures.  [Crappy, but best trailer I could find for the show.](http://youtu.be/pbOgHa34Ec8) 




 He lives in Seven Hills.  I was doing a random search of the area on the Henderson website for sex offenders and his house comes up. 




 Is that the target on horizon and green valley? 




 Very exciting, good luck! 




 I was really into this guy,  but I was married at the time.  I told him I had to stop talking to him to see where my marriage was headed.  After I got divorced he was willing to give me a chance, and now we are married with a baby on the way.  

I feel very lucky that he still wanted me.  




 Gorgeous picture! 




 I feel like I've had that kind of luck on other sites too.  This one just makes me the happiest. 




 That's a good point. 




 Absolutely agree. 




 Dude, you were the one who put 

 it means any drug really.

Everyone was just trying to tell you it doesn't.  You're just arguing with everyone when you were originally wrong.  I can't speak for anyone else,  I just get annoyed when someone doesn't know how to appreciate constructive criticism.   




 These people are trying to explain something to you, and you're not willing to see that you're wrong.  You might have always used that term as interchangeable with all drugs, but it's just not.   




 What is baby center like? 




 I told everyone that early, lol.  I would only maybe stipulate to them not to tell the world.  It is nice having a close support system if anything didn't go as planned, but it is beyond soul-crushing to relive pain every time you'd have to explain any not-so-good news.  Do what you feel is best :)

But I understand completely that it is hard to contain this news!

Edit: Forgot.  I told everyone before the pee was even dry on the test, so I didn't have a grand or interesting announcement.  But I do wish that I did!  It seems like fun to make it really special. 




 Oh how exciting!  Love the little hands. 




 I love this so much. 




 It just depends on if you're willing to take a small risk.  Pasturizing kills germs so you don't have anything to worry about.  

I didn't really take any risks in the first tri, but after all the crucial development, I might let stuff like that slide once in a while.   




 How do you feel about IPA's?  

Just wondering. I like porter, stout, and wheat beers, just hate every IPA I've given a chance to. 




 That's a cute profile.  The ultrasounds only get more fun, prepare :)  We did one at 14 weeks and she looked just like a tiny baby, we saw her face in 3d, it was so cool. 




 My god, I know!  I was just thinking the same shit.  From butternut squash to carrot, wtf mate. 




 My first positive was more faint than that!  I don't really think there are false positives, only false negatives.  You are pregnant, congratulations!  




 I have seen the article.  What I got from it was that extensive use of ultrasound machine can slightly heat up body tissue and/or form air pockets.  

I have had 4 ultrasounds this pregnancy, two were from my Dr, 2 were elective at the boutique - type places.  I'm not a medical professional, but my logic is that if high-risk women get them quite frequently to monitor baby's health, the Dr wouldn't do anything to add harm to baby.  

I'm sure some people are excessive,  I wouldn't electively do one twice a week.  But my Dr says they are perfectly safe. 




 So you're getting real close then!  Thank you. 




 Seeing another person being genuinely kind. 




 I feel like I should know this already.  But what does effaced mean? 




 I have the same one the other poster has!  I loved it, but the same issue as her, it was bulky and no clothes could hide it, unless I had a huge sweatshirt or something loose or big on.  

Another thing was, it would stay in place perfectly as long as I was standing or walking, but every time I would get up from sitting down  I'd have to take part of it off and readjust. 

But oh man, if you've been having back pain, it helps so much.  Right when I put it on, it relieves pain, I have no idea how it works so great.  I tried putting it on before I read instructions,  and I was so wrong, lol, so be sure to put it on right and it will work for you! 




 It looks like a very nice bed too. 




 [Omri Katz.  He was always cool.](http://www.imgur.com/gDtTH4A.png) 




 Yea after I researched more, it is all connected, it's crazy.  Thanks for the input. 




 Sprout is cute!  The What to Expect app has gotten really awesome too! 




 That's exactly what it sounds like.  Well, my car makes the noise when any door opens, I assumed it was connected to the keyless entry system.  It continues a similar amount of time whether the doors are closed soon after or not.  And sometimes it will randomly do it while I'm driving.  So It was really stumping me.

Man, that guy on youtube even explains how to fix it, I wonder if I should attempt that.  But thank you very much! 




 Just wondering if anyone else has had this problem.  Bought my car new in 2011.  Just recently there has been this annoying clicking noise coming from what sounds like behind the dash.  It starts right when I open my car door, before I even turn the engine on, and lasts from around 10 seconds to 1 min.  [Here is video of sound](http://youtu.be/dLuLGokek-Y) 




 We are very close due date buddies.  Yes the past few days, it has been happening in the morning.  I was laying in bed the first day and all this acid coming up in my throat was making my mouth water.  Then 10 seconds later I had to run and puke it up,  that's the way it's been for a few days.  Not fun :( 




 They look for measurements to determine any abnormalities.  I wish I would have known at the time exactly what they measure.  My tech wasn't too vocal, just kept saying everything looks good.  

I read online that they measure the femur, if it is shorter than its supposed to be, that could be a marker for downs.
They see if a nasal bone is present.
Check the lips, for cleft.
All limbs in general.
My tech looked at the heart a long time, not sure how much they can tell about it on a 2d ultrasound, but they really study the heart.

Those are just things that I wish she would have told me she was looking at so I could know what she was doing.  It was still very fun watching.  Good luck! 




 I'm almost 29 weeks and mine is still just stretching, not an outtie yet.  But it still feels different and trippy. 




 If you don't experience a miscarriage,  I don't think you fully understand how earth-shattering it is.  The same goes for experiencing how powerful "triggers" are.  

Let the ones you love help you through it and empathize, but don't be upset when other people aren't as gracious.  They aren't being malicious, although it might hurt.  You have to be strong,  it takes a lot of time to feel normal again.  

 




 The odds are with you, it's very common to have a mc, but 2 is a lot more rare.  I'll be thinking of you, good luck! 




 I've experienced one, it's pretty awesome.  The only lack - luster part was the dryer, such a low blowing airflow that it was pointless.  I was still impressed though. 




 I think it is cold.  They sell really expensive versions that heat up water, and even have a dryer, [it's crazy](http://gizmodo.com/5887473/the-swash-1000-bidet-toilet-seat-review-this-will-change-the-way-you-poop). 




 Oh yay!  Glad he's here xoxo 




 [What](http://www.imgur.com/qNa39gw.gif) 




 It takes my breath away sometimes.  But when she kicks higher, it's fun and very comfortable lol. 




 I second random pulse being a great description.  




 Oh god, good luck! 




 Only if the blinds are *open*.   




 I've done it 4 times so far this pregnancy!  Those places are great. 




 I came in here not too interested in making appetizers...  now I want bacon-wrapped dates.  That sounds great. 




 Great idea!   




 And his wording on the welcome page.  We share a great-grandfather, makes it sound a lot closer than, it's Abe's great grandfather and my great-great-great-great-great grandfather.  




 Yea you're right, but the line after says, "What if I say I'm not just another one... (pause)... of your plays?"  So there might be a way to make that work.  




 I know right, I have had that Grohl pic in my library for a long-ass time, definitely an older pic, but nice gesture to site sources. 




 [What if I say I'm not like the otters](http://www.imgur.com/yjM43hA.jpeg) 




 I was so hesitant to listen to more from this band, because I hated "The Dog Days Are Over."  

But I love her voice.  So much.  




 Be strong, one of the preparations for motherhood.  Thoughts and prayers always with you. 




 I miscarried last year.  I was surprised to see how common it is.  My heart hurts for you, and I know what you're going through.  Just know that the odds are in your favor that it goes smoothly next time.  Having one miscarriage might be common, but more than one actually isn't.   




 I agree it's not about the gifts, and if you've given them support in the past, they should jump to do the same for you.  :( ::hugs:: 




 I'm so sorry, thoughts and prayers are with you xoxo 




 Love everything about that room! 




 Does that cause permanent damage?  How bad is that pain?  I just didn't know it was possible to break a penis. 




 Well she looks perfect! Xoxo 




 How far along are you? That's a great shot!  I can't wait to see a good 3D pic of our baby. 




 Yea, you'd have to do a screen shot or something.  But there are other apps that show the 3D picture week by week.  




 Fucking [Lights Out](http://www.theatlantic.com/video/index/382194/lights-out-a-terrifying-horror-short-film/)

Any scary movie I've seen in my adult life hasn't scared me as much as this stupid short film.  And I'm pretty embarrassed to say that because all it is is a few jump scares. 




 You're doing a beautiful thing, and it is nice to see you're passionate about it!  




 *Well raise the bar why don't you*,  lol.

That's the cutest thing ever!  She's adorable! 




 My birth plan is: do whatever you need to keep us both alive.  




 Some people say you shouldn't get one, because if you can't find the heartbeat it would cause more stress.  But I got one when I was 10 weeks,  and I've been able to find it everyday since.  I'm 24 weeks now. 

 




 Forgot about that part, ha!  

"You want me to *move*?"
-Starts dancing in place. 




 I'm not as far as you yet, but this sounds interesting.  Dying to know what it is. 




 I have this cute, little, white soft gown that ties at the bottom.  My friend got me a cute dress and cardigan newborn outfit that I love, but I think trying to put all the different pieces on a baby would overwhelm me lol.  I don't have to deal with the low temperatures like you do though. Lol.  But I do think this is the one time we can splurge xoxo 




 Oh. Good to know,  thank you. 




 Good one!  So bad now.  




 The looks on all their faces...   




 Well, adding to that, you have to pretend you have a squirt gun under your tongue and try to flex the muscles under there.  It really does help me to eat something sour first. 




 Oh man, this is a good one.  Very beautiful.  My favorite lyric:

"If I had a box just for wishes and dreams that had never come true;

The box would be empty except for the memory of how they were answered by you" 




 It's possible, like others have said.  When I miscarried,  I didn't bleed for 3 weeks. But be positive, the odds are in your favor!   




 Are they nice?  Because I want to hug one, now. 




 Hey now, don't include me in that generalization.  

A good hairstylist *or* barber will give a proper, short consultation before they do anything to know how much time you do or don't spend on your hair. 




 It is cheap though.  I go there for the prices.   




 I just remember realizing that it takes a minute to catch up to you.  I kept downing shots and wondering why I wasn't getting drunk, then 20 minutes or so later I was so fucked.  




 Maybe people in /r/funny just want stuff to actually be funny. 




 That's very heartwarming, actually.  




 The next part where his black girlfriend calls him ashy is even better.  




 But the song is called "Still."  I'm sure there are even more songs out there with the lyrics "die motherfucker" in them. 




 It's the Geto Boys. 




 It's so depressing to live in the desert where we NEVER get to experience fog.  




 I guess Fr Elise is better than silence. 




 I greatly appreciate this despite how fucking done I am with Halloween costumes.  




 That's the MGM in Las Vegas.   




