 It wasn't me! You have no proof.

Wait....what are we talking about again? 




 How is that milkman? 




 Never heard of them until this sub but anything in 3mg. Also like seeing you're sending a bottle to a soldier as well. 




 Testing: Duracell 9V 




 It's horse meat. A medical journal said it so it must be true. 




 Sounds like a bunch of unknowns, mixed with a misguided medical journal, and ending on a somewhat positive note.

Also couldn't they find a better pic for it? lol   









 Oh God I have tears in my eyes. If I could give you more gold I would. 




 That must have been one hell of a nic fit afterwards. 




 That's what I started on back in culinary school. I'm so ashamed. 




 Local news down here in St. Louis had it on. Called it a popular place in the KC area. 




 It had so much potential but left me very disappointed. Hell the color is just one if many problems. 




 Oh it is and in the bathroom you can smell the smoker. 




 It's being recognized so I call this progress. 




 That would be it. 




 Thanks and like I said total noob question. lol 




 Posted 




 Example pic: http://i.imgur.com/XyoCQkP.jpg 




 Stupidest idea I've seen because last time I checked the thugs are still using live rounds. Also this is good for one round and surely a cop is going to shoot more than once. 




 I keep seeing pic after pic of coil builds with this Vaseline looking stuff surrounding them. What is this stuff and what is the purpose of it? 




 Well until they put you in the friend zone saying Fish are friends not food. 




 There's a vid around this sub some places of her fucking some Asian guy and she looks like shit. This is also the latest video of her known. 




 The bone-in smoked pork chops from Iron Barley. If it wasn't in such a shitty neighborhood(had a drug deal go down right in front of me) I'd go get it again. 




 That he should but sadly common sense is no longer common. 




 $100 on reached into the fryer. 




 The way you described it it sounds like a live action ratatouille. 




 This was the very first kitchen tricks that was passed down to me. One of those things you take and use it/pass it down for life. 




 Ahh ok thanks. 




 What juice is that? Label reminds me of froot loops. 




 Not what I'm asking but thanks for the info. 




 What the number display in there for if it's not viewable from outside the box? 




 Don't have kids yet but if I did I would much much rather hear that they're vaping instead of pill popping or drinking. 




 Has a Men In Black vibe to it. 




 Player 1 Press Start 




 Oh damn we hugged it to death. 




 Same here. 




 No, he's using the force to make them glow. 




 Went down the discounted items aisle at the grocery store and they had about 12 pez dispensers all  99 each. These were the only two Star Wars ones they had. 









 :'( Never Forget! 




 Barry White 









 Was it this one: http://www.wltx.com/story/news/2015/02/13/one-person-shot-at-magnolia-mall-in-florence/23389549/ 




 You don't have tell these women to get in the kitchen because they're already there. 




 We need a banana next to it. Ya know for reference. 




 Oh whew when I saw finale I thought for good not season finale. 




 True but Mark is either loved or hated depending on who you ask. 




 She single??? 




 I might get down voted like hell for this but I have to say #62. I will always remember where I was when the news was announced. I was at Lambert waiting on my brother's plane to land, and when they announced it over the PA system the place erupted in cheers. 




 With it being a small town I'm thinking funding for upkeep. 




 3-sided wet stone 




 Sounds like you got canned on the first night but then again it sounds like he's not sure about it. Shit I'm not even sure about it. 




 This on a shirt, I need. 




 Didn't he pull this before during the Extra Life stream? 




 Go to their page click on show in newsfeed and like a couple of their post. Problem solved.

Also can't look at the name and thinking Shit instead of Chit. 




 Any update on how the first night went? 




 In most kitchens cambros are the main storage containers for already prepped foods, stocks, and sauces. 




 I 2nd Chef Wear on the crazy ass designs. 




 TIL Warwick owned a great shirt and that there's a website called This Is Not Porn. 




 The movies are already planned so maybe the scripts are as well thus giving him material to work with. 




 "In St. Louis County, an ordinance passed in 1999 requires all people who handle, touch or prepare food at businesses such as restaurants, day care centers and schools to be vaccinated against hepatitis A."

Ok not state wide but it is county wide. 




 I know here in Missouri it"s mandatory that you get a Hep A shot of you're working around food. Thought it was Federal too. My mistake. 




 Was listening to him this morning and I didn't even know it was his birthday. 




 My thought exactly and last time I checked it was a federal law that you have to get a hep A shot if you work in a restaurant thus not making this possible. 




 Saying he has to close if you leave gives me the impression that he has no confidence in the place. 




 Hell I still remember everything about the Oklahoma city bombing and I was 7 at the time. Same goes for Columbine. 




 There's always vehicles being broken into up there along with houses. If there's ever a foot chase in Florissant it's usually in that area. Lived here all my life and my family has lived here for 60+. Also having a police scanner helps so I know about most of the stuff Florissant wants swept under the rug. 




 Trainwreck  Saloon in Westport. Sit back by the dancefloor and you have a great view of just about the whole place. 




 Max's Meats in Florissant has some good andouliee as does G W(I think that's what it's called.) 




 This and White Birch in Hazelwood are two great courses. 




 Make sure your car is clear of personal belongings. Might be a good course but not the safest park in Florissant. 




 The cocky lil bastards who are still green yet think they know more than you. 




 Double wrap it first. Plastic wrap and a latex glove works in a pinch too. 




 Actual country, hard rock, classic rock, and 50s pop/rock. 




 You working for Amy from Kitchen Nightmare aren't you? lol 




 Workman comp claim in 3..2..1. 




 It's called ramen noodles and dollar store. 




 So... basically you want us to create a burger for you where if it wins you take the credit and we get shafted? 

Umm yeeeeeah NO! 




 You sure said co-owner isn't either 1.) Related or goid friends with "Kevin" or 2.) Getting a kickback for having him on the books? 




 The usual flatware and plates. 




 I was thinking more along the lines of Peter Griffin's Who The Hell Cares. 




 Cut myself on a scale one time in Culinary School. Showed it to the Chef and he looks at me and asks how the fuck do you cut yourself on a scale? 




 Actually teared up seeing this posted. Even though GO, Let's Build, The Know, and Five Facts were posted earlier for some reason seeing this brought some sense of normalcy to me. 




 Hit up quizlet and search for servesafe. That should help with the refresher. 




 Heard it was a very limited run to test them and nothing became of it. 




 Damn learned something new today. 




 Great job. 




 The YouTube video announcing it just disappeared on me. Are they going ahead and doing sponsors only or what? 




 Feels like somebody punched me in the stomach. RIP Monty 




 TIL RT has a production truck. 




 Fried Tuna from a can. Put it in a skillet with no oil and some lemon pepper, cook for a couple minutes, and dump it in two pieces of wonder bread. 




 Well alright then. 




 Better hope she's can take a joke. If not better hope she doesn't get a receipt with that on it. 




 Hobart attachment is perfect for this job but since that's not an option I'd go with the first comment and get something from a hunting store like bass pro or Cabela's. 




 Great site an cheap as can be if you're a club member, but yeah any grinder from a hunting store is going to be a beast just about. 




 Most places I've seen have somebody on night shift come in to man the smokers or they have a pellet smoker outside with an automatic hopper. 




 I'm a 6'3" 375lb man and i'm sitting here in tears over this. Best wishes to Monty, his wife, the rest of his family, and the whole RT crew. 




 Well it has a mocha like flavor with a roasted coffee aroma so that's why I said it, and I'll be on the lookout for the Imperial Coffee Milk Stout. 




 Milk Stout Nitro by Left Hand Brewing

It was the first beer I finished a whole six-pack of. Plus it goes great with some chocolate chip cookies. 




 That awkward moment when you realize the story is worldwide. 




 Great movie and they need to add Chef and Whites to Netflix bother good shows IMO. 




 With her annoying ass too bad it didn't bite her tongue off. 




 ABC's of Death It was by far the worst movie I've ever seen. 




 Did CHL get a new name or something? 




 Reading that was like looking at a PowerPoint presentation sans clipart. 




 I have no clue wtf I just read here. 




 Hate to break it to ya but a mass majority of that is part of the job. It's a high stress think on your toes job which is why numerous cooks/chefs use drugs and alcohol to relieve said stress. Not saying you should at all but what I'm saying is if you're going to get depressed and pissed about this then maybe this industry isn't the right fit for you. 




 Thanks for pointing that out. From that it looks to me they found the card on the site and printed it out for themselves. 




