




 "A DISABILITY worker has admitted a 13-year history of sexual abuse against some of the states most vulnerable people in a case that has shocked authorities.

Almost of all of Craig Gilbert Handasydes victims were unable to communicate, meaning they could never report the abuse.

One of his eight male victims was deaf, blind and mentally impaired.

The men, aged between 25 and 50, were abused between 1998 and 2011 while living in Department of Human Services disability supported accommodation.

Mr Handasyde, 47, was employed by DHS as a disability development services officer to care for the men."





I hate some people now. Not you guys! just these types..ok must be bedtime! Goodnight! 














 oh I do hope that is sarcasm! 




 I'm deleting this as I screwed up majorly on the title link. 
Will revisit asa able though, thank you for kind of getting what I was trying to say, very much appreciated!  Good night /U/Bashi_Hart! 




 assorted bravo/clapping memes to you sir! (it is late   I am sleepy) 




 https://twitter.com/ZahidArabFox4

http://www.wfaa.com/story/news/local/2015/05/03/garland-curtis-culwell-center-swat/26848435/ 




 I am happy you just made me giggle out loud , I needed that ! :) ty 




 My whole point was that children (as in 9,12,14,15,17 year olds even) are easily fooled into believing the invisible real person they are actually communicating with is the love of their young life. 

I really am all in favor of parental monitoring of communications made by youngsters on the assorted devices and apps, and even more strongly so of the need for parents to guide   educate their children as concerns the use of real names, real school names, real town names etc etc,

I have played mmorpg games where I hear kids telling so much rl info to absolute strangers , I get all mama bear and lecture them.  On the other hand I have spent several years speaking to people online I have met in these places, have met some irl, love them   feel closer to some then to rl friends. But I am an adult, my shit-detector works fairly well. Not so much when I was 13.  




 he sure is! 




 "DETROIT  Ben Carson, a retired neurosurgeon who has never held elective office, said on Sunday that he would seek the 2016 Republican nomination for president, joining the partys fast-growing field."...

Joe Biden slams Ben Carson's anti-gay remarks: "Jesus, God"   http://www.cbsnews.com/news/joe-biden-slams-ben-carson-anti-gay-remarks-jesus-god/

Ben Carson: Ridiculous How Abortion Activists Call Pro-Life People Anti-Woman    http://www.lifenews.com/2015/02/26/ben-carson-complains-ridiculous-how-abortion-activists-call-pro-life-people-anti-woman/


Not getting my vote! 









 Last updated on 4 May 2015 - 12:49am

SAN JOS: Costa Rican authorities declared an emergency on Sunday after a ship carrying 180 tons of ammonium nitrate sunk off the country's Pacific coast.

The National Emergency Commission (CNE) urged people to avoid swimming at beaches and suspend fishing in the region off the port of Puntarenas, 90km west of the capital.

The CNE said the accident occurred on Saturday when the boat sank in heavy seas. Two crew members were rescued without incident, the CNE said.

Ammonium nitrate is often used in the manufacture of fertilizers and explosives, and can be dangerous to health in cases of direct contact with the chemical.  AFP 









 I just posted a sort of guide (on this sub) , mostly taken from a friend's site, entitled 
'CHECK YOUR KIDS FACEBOOKS FOR SEX OFFENDERS AMONG THEIR FRIENDS LIST'. Lol really bad title I guess. Anyway it's already being down voted but while it is still up u may want to have a gander if you have some concern re safe use of apps etc by kids/teens/etc.  




 posting this in response to questions re the father that used kik to lure kiddie pore using his own children's pics.

CHECK YOUR KIDS FACEBOOKS FOR SEX OFFENDERS AMONG THEIR FRIENDS LIST (ty Trench)

Thanks to this article from KYW Radio in Philadelphia (Come on South Jersey and Philly peeps sing along with TrenchKYWNews Radio1060) I was introduced to a Facebook app called Friend Verifier. Its an app that allows you to check your kids Facebook friends list for sex offenders.

The first thing youll need is a Friend Verifier account which is free. The second thing youll need is the login and password of the Facebook account youll be checking. Remember, youre the parent. You should already have all of your kids logins.

Log in to your childs Facebook account then go to the Friend Verifier website log in to your FV account then click on the button that says Scan all friends for sex offenders. It doesnt hurt to check your own Facebook friends list either. Thankfully mine came up empty but I can say that at least in that way it works.

However even Friend Verifier will tell you that not every search is perfect and may miss a sex offender in their scan due to whatever information is already out there.

Wile FV is a great tool no tool is perfect and once again I remind you that as a parent youre the only true defense between online predators and your kids."


and "Again I say to parents its up to you on whether or not you want to allow your kids to have Snapchat on their phones or tablets. However I urge you that if you do make frequent checks on their friends list to make sure that no adult is contacting them for sexual reasons."

From the story he wrote re the dad using kik: "Now Im not saying that Kik should be driven out of business or anything like that. Kik is just a tool but its the way that others use that too that you should be aware of in order to better protect your kids."

I'm not even going to mention the Craig's List   Backpage horrors.

http://trenchreynolds.com/ 




 way I read it is he pretty well forced his kids to pose, then used those pics to lure others.  

Anyone with kids that have cells really need to be on top on their use of sites such as kik/snapchat/etc.  




   /\_     I broke mine :(   In fact someone snuck up and grabbed the cherry wood piece dang it! 




 I think I read ..somewhere..that he has a daughter and a son, and that he used their pictures to pose as a teen, attracting other young people to respond as if they were dealing with someone of their own age.  




 wow, this is seriously awful.  I'm so sorry for the difficulties you are going through. It doesn't sound as if those that have the power to make change happen care at all.  The world really needs to wake up and see what these seemingly small and localized water lack situations are adding up to.

Start saving any rain water you might get, cover it tightly so as to help prevent mosquito borne illness. 

Reuse the water you wash with to water any garden you may have. 

Please people, stand up for those being affected by the lack of water in Puerto Rico now; we very well may be next if action isn't taken rapidly.

 




 yes. http://www.nrdc.org/globalwarming/watersustainability/ 




 "SPRINGFIELD TOWNSHIP, OH (WOIO) - A 35-year-old Springfield Township man was arrested after he confessed to using nude photos of his own children online. 

The man originally turned himself in to officers stating that he had only traded photos of himself with others on the social media app, Kik. Kik is an instant messaging app where you can send pics and video to any other user in seconds on any smart phone. Last year it had 120 million users, many being teenagers.

Detectives were able to later determine that the suspect also traded nude photos of his two teens. The material was traded with both juveniles and adults. 

Detectives have been in contact with the FBI to assist further in the investigation. 
The father is now charged with two felonies. He's sitting in the Summit County Jail on a $100,000 bond. He's due back in court next month.

19 Action News has decided not to identify the man to protect the identity of his kids. "

Please be on top of what your children are doing on line with these types of apps. It's the way that others use that too that you should be aware of in order to better protect your kids. 









 It's mighty scary stuff once you start reading up on it. Let's hope it will be several hundred more years before it gets the urge to move again, and that by then people will have found a way to mitigate any potential harm.  




 you hit the nail on the head:)) 




 I hope you waved back! 




 Pardon me please, I get a little single minded on topics occasionally. 

USGS increases earthquake risk along New Madrid Fault Updated: Jul 22, 2014

http://www.wdrb.com/story/26085136/usgs-increases-earthquake-risk-along-new-madrid-fault 




 Do we pick them back up now? 




 Why this restaurant isn't selling samples for use by erectile dysfunction types... I just don't understand. 




 I agree, but it was fun to read:) 




 ah ok found it! Have you seen this? http://www.forbes.com/sites/bernardmarr/2015/04/21/big-data-saving-13000-lives-a-year-by-predicting-earthquakes/

 earthquake economics:) ~sigh~ 









 ASTANA -- Kazakhstan has suspended poultry imports from neighboring Russian region of Astrakhan, citing an outbreak of H5N1 bird flu there.

The Kazakh Ministry of Agriculture announced on April 30 that the poultry imports had been suspended as of April 28.

Last week, Kazakh authorities temporarily banned Russia-made butter, chocolate, candies, and mayonnaise, while Russian agricultural watchdog Rosselkhoznadzor barred the import of 20 tons of wheat flour from Kazakhstan.

Earlier in April, Russian authorities suspended Kazakh dairy products imports to Russia.

Some media reports in Russia and Kazakhstan have called the situation a "trade war" between the two countries, which are close trade partners and founding members of a four-nation Eurasian Economic Union created this year on the basis of an existing customs union.

In separate statements last week, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov and Kazakh Deputy Economy Minister Qaiyrbek Oskenbaev said that there is no trade war and that the bans were motivated purely by health concerns.  









 of course. I just hated hearing him mention the madrid. I generally don't follow his assorted stuff, pure serendipity that I caught it today. 









 Somehow I wound up watching a Dutchsinse video this morning, he mentioned a 2.9 on the new madrid @2:18 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJVkDl4_cmM  (vid dated 5/2)

Now I don't make a habit of watching anything much on you tube for some reason, but that comment about the new madrid hit my ear loudly. (As always, consider the source of course) 




 (ok this guy speaks at a more reasonable rate, need just a bit more caffeine so I can focus better:) 




 Is it just me or does every single person on you tube speak exasperatingly slowly?

I will need to watch the rest later on, thanks for posting:) 




 well that's because we can't afford to. 














 Had I been in that courtroom I would have done the most horrible running away you might ever have seen, complete with my automatic physical reactions upon viewing such things. 




 Yes I just skipped that little portion didn't I? Yes for EVALUATION. It just breaks my brain.  




 https://twitter.com/LAFD  No damage has been reported. LAFD is no longer in earthquake mode. 




 Los Angeles Fire Department is in earthquake mode following 3.9 shaker - @LAFD

http://www.breakingnews.com/item/2015/05/03/los-angeles-fire-department-is-in-earthquake-mode/ 




 Should we send flowers?  Donate to a 'save the pallets' fund?

It really does make me so sad to see such waste:( 




 see I'm not all together convinced at this time that undoing the second amendment will necessarily be a good thing.  I will read the link you have provided, as by the name alone it sounds as if there may be some parts I will agree with. Thank you for the link, will have to get back to you as I am far past my bedtime! :) ty   goodnight. 




 Agreed. This was the reason I snuck that little history piece in, the New Madrid is terrifying were it to reoccur. These odd quakes in Idaho/Mississippi/Michigan are getting me nervous. 

I have no patience atm to pull up maps. While Oklahoma/Texas quakes can largely be blamed on the pushing of the fracking waste water into the earth, what all is happening in Idaho/Missouri/etc?

Scary stuff. 









 while I disilike copy/pasting my own writings, for you dear /u/BigBitFan I shall make an exception!

"Actually maybe it was, good news!:
Security Message, May 2nd. 2015 (Update) The Consulate wishes to inform American Citizens that Mexican authorities report the criminal activity that took place throughout Guadalajara, Puerto Vallarta and the states of Jalisco and Colima has been brought under control at this time. Major highways are clear. The shelter in place order for Consulate employees has been lifted.
you may want to keep updated though:) http://guadalajara.usconsulate.gov/index.html
PS: Have a wonderful trip!

Edit to add Jamaica is pretty nice:) 









 University of Toledo @UToledo  1h 1 hour ago No evidence to support report of dangerous situation. Student Union remains closed until further notice. Check MyUT for updates.
https://twitter.com/UToledo 




 Browse Earthquake Topics  New Madrid Seismic Zone
http://earthquake.usgs.gov/learn/topics/topics.php?topicID=71

http://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/states/events/1811-1812.php 














 I advocate a peaceful march, thousands holding 'Save the Pallets' signs alternating with 'Pallet Lives Matter".

We will need to take up a collection for the best quality memorial plague we can manage! Petrified pallet??  




 do you know how to typeset? have you the materials?

from 1998: http://www.usink.com/acrobat/howisanewspaperprinted.pdf

Printing Yesterday and Today
http://www.hrc.utexas.edu/educator/modules/gutenberg/books/printing/ 




 hope my memory works incredible well, and that I can locate my collection of 'how things are done' type books. Oh, and hope my garden has grown abundantly, 




 I nosed around your overview. In your 3 months you too seem bound to the word disgusting.  Not sure why you seem so unhappy; hope all improves soon! 




 University of Toledo @UToledo    1h 1 hour ago
No evidence to support report of dangerous situation. Student Union remains closed until further notice. Check MyUT for updates.

https://twitter.com/UToledo 









 arg ok not sure how to do that, give me a minute 









 lol they named it Annabel? how will they coordinate to respond if they have but one name?!

Ok I see your 2 headed calf and raise you with the Pink Fairy Armadillo! The fate of humanity rests on the outcome  of this game! 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pink_fairy_armadillo#/media/File:Pink_Fairy_Armadillo_(Chlamyphorus_truncatus)_(cropped).jpg 




 I would add 'Things Fall Apart' by Chinua Achebe. 




 wow fucking crazy, amazing ..I hope all those identifiable will be charged ASAP. Thank you for the links.

Edit to add this one back to you: http://thedailyshow.cc.com/videos/svt15r/baltimore-on-fire 




 Well my completely unsupported and imaginary theory is this...do you recall reading about the 4 corners methane hot spot not too long ago?
(http://www.hcn.org/articles/nasa-finds-methane-hot-spot-over-four-corners), and about how they are currently investigating what all is causing it?
 (https://www.hcn.org/articles/the-four-corners-methane-mystery-tour)  (http://www.ibtimes.com/four-corners-methane-hot-spot-nasa-joins-team-scientists-attempting-pinpoint-source-1879200)

Well now we suddenly are going to spend this fortune on clean up of old mines. My tinfoil hat says there may be a connection. Oh wait that was the dog that said that. 




 Actually maybe it was, good news!:  
Security Message, May 2nd. 2015 (Update)
The Consulate wishes to inform American Citizens that Mexican authorities report the criminal activity that took place throughout Guadalajara, Puerto Vallarta and the states of Jalisco and Colima has been brought under control at this time. Major highways are clear. The shelter in place order for Consulate employees has been lifted. 

you may want to keep updated though:) http://guadalajara.usconsulate.gov/index.html

PS: Have a wonderful trip! 




 It's a large are for then to have no explanation for why the failure occurred. Also I sort of think Australia is underrepresented on world news. 

Having said all that though, I do see your point:) 




 Jamaica Mon!  




 Well you might want to start by reading a few of these..I tried calling President Nieto to get you a better answer, but he is still annoyed that I stood him up on our last date, so he refused the call.
 
Violence erupts in Mexico as military launches attack on cartel
Al Jazeera America-May 1, 2015
Sandoval did not name the cartel, but authorities have been locked ... soldiers remained missing, according to a statement from Mexico's defense ministry. ... said the attacks were revenge for state forces killing a cartel leader.
Mexico: Cartel gunmen shoot down army helicopter, killing three ...
International Business Times UK-May 1, 2015
Mexico Men stand next to the wreckage of a tractor-trailer set ablaze by members of a drug cartel in Guadalajara May 1, 2015. Armed men shot ...
Mexican drug cartel Jalisco New Generation flexes muscles
U-T San Diego-1 hour ago
Cartel Down Mexican Military Helicopter in Day of Violence that Left ...
News Every day-6 hours ago
7 killed in violence during anti-cartel operation in
Jakarta Post-18 hours ago



 




 All in all, wth is up with these swellings? 




 At least 60 homes flooded by large ocean swell near Acapulco, Mexico, local media reports  http://www.sinembargo.mx/02-05-2015/1332360 




 'Mar de fondo' alcanza rea urbana de #Acapulco
http://wp.me/p4iCk6-DSM  

https://twitter.com/1aplana/status/594620550099546113 




 Panama: Panama's National Civil Protection System issues 72-hour alert as large waves forecast for coastline - @CriticaPa
read more on critica.com.pa 

Declaran "Alerta Verde Preventiva" por fuertes oleajes

El Sistema Nacional de Proteccin Civil, a travs de su cuenta de Twitter, declar por 72 horas "Alerta Verde Preventiva" en el Pacfico panameo por fuertes oleajes.

Jos Donderis, director de Sinaproc, reporta unas 6 casas afectadas y 19 personas atendidas en Santa Clara.

Este estamento de proteccin y seguridad emiti hace das un aviso de prevencin en el Pacfico por fuertes oleajes hasta el 5 de Mayo.

Algunas reas recreativas de los hoteles de playa tambin sufren afectaciones.

Personal del Sinaproc y otros estamentos de seguridad se encuentran en el rea para brindar la ayuda a los pobladores afectados por los oleajes.

El Sistema Nacional de Proteccin Civil (Sinaproc) ha solicitado a los baistas retirarse de las playas por seguridad , y a las embarcaciones livianas extremar medidas de seguridad.

yep giving up on translation attempts:) you guys know how to do all that. 




 both articles are in spanish.(used google translate so please forgive) 

Mexico one:
OCALES
Alto oleaje en Acapulco cobra la vida de un joven
REDACCIN SDPNOTICIAS.COM
sb 02 may 2015 16:36
  
Foto/Tomada de La Razn.
Se exhorta a los baistas respetar las recomendaciones del personal de salvavidas, no entrar al mar si est con olas altas, evitar acercarse a observar su rompimiento, ya que puede ser sorprendido y sufrir algn accidente. 
Acapulco, Guerrero.- Un elevado oleaje registrado este da en el puerto de Acapulco, tambin conocido como Mar de fondo, alcanz diferentes reas urbanas, adems de que cobr la vida de un joven turista procedente de Morelos, que muri en la Playa Revolcadero.

Proteccin Civil del estado de Guerrero dio a conocer que desde muy temprana hora, las autoridades del puerto emitieron una alerta.

Se exhorta a los baistas respetar las recomendaciones del personal de salvavidas, no entrar al mar si est con olas altas, evitar acercarse a observar su rompimiento, ya que puede ser sorprendido y sufrir algn accidente, informaron.

No obstante, el joven fallecido, quien tena 21 aos de edad, ignor dicha advertencia y se meti al mar, por lo que muri ahogado.

La intensa actividad en el mar lleg hasta las zonas urbanas e inund varias casas. La localidad ms afectada es Coyuca de Bentez, en donde quedaron daadas cerca de 60 viviendas.
Con informacin de La Razn. 


High waves in Acapulco claiming the lives of a young
EDITORIAL SDPNOTICIAS.COM
Sat 02 May 2015 16:36
  "Swimmers are encouraged to respect the lifeguard staff recommendations not enter the water if it is with high waves, avoid approaching observe their break, as it can be caught and suffer an accident."
Acapulco, Guerrero.- A high waves recorded this day in the port of Acapulco, also known as "Swell" reached different urban areas, in addition to that claimed the life of a young tourist from Morelos, who died on the beach wallow.

Civil Protection of Guerrero announced that at an early hour, the port authorities issued a warning.

"They swimmers urged to respect the recommendations of the staff of life, do not enter the water if it is with high waves, avoid approaching observe their break, as it can be caught and suffer an accident," he reported.

However, the young deceased, who was 21 years old, ignored the warning and went into the sea, so he drowned.

The intense activity at sea came to urban areas and flooded several homes. The hardest hit is Coyuca de Benitez, where were damaged about 60 homes.
With information from La Razon 









 http://www.npr.org/blogs/thetwo-way/2015/05/02/403770619/may-day-protesters-police-clash-in-seattle

"The Seattle Times reports:

"A day of peaceful May Day rallies for immigrant rights in Seattle turned chaotic Friday night as a separate anti-capitalist march descended into clashes between police and protesters on Capitol Hill.
"Three officers were injured and admitted to Harborview Medical Center. Several protesters reported injuries from pepper spray and projectiles fired by police. Sixteen people were arrested."
Member station KUOW reports: "The day began with a small Black Lives Matter gathering at Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial Park. Those people then joined the annual May Day March for Workers and Immigrant Rights. It began at Judkins Park in the Central District then headed downtown for a rally at the Federal Courthouse."

"According to The Associated Press: "Earlier demonstrations in Seattle and Portland, Oregon, to decry racism and income inequality were largely peaceful, but protesters who gathered later in the day confronted police, who attempted to keep them from damaging property and disrupting traffic."

at least they made note that the black lives matter portion was peacefully conducted.

baby steps I suppose. But your point is well made. I didn't see any reports of looting/fire starting either, both of which make matters so much more news-able (yep I invented that word).

Idk. Were there any fires set/looting that went unreported? 




 I may love you:) 




 https://twitter.com/toledonewsnow

Jon Monk @JonMonkWTOL    5m 5 minutes ago
LIVE on #Periscope: UT student union locked down due to reports of armed man inside. https://www.periscope.tv/w/VyZrvzE4MDQ1NDJ8ODcxNzE0NXPXkZmrZQuD_S2co-yY41R_R6b_D1baMRRQID78lp3k  









 cunta razn llevas!  ok so I forget my spanish ..did I just compliment your clothing? 




 Dangerous situation at UT student union: Police have building surrounded, guns drawn, officers inside building.

http://shout.lt/2vD2  









 Ballarat /blrt/[3] is a city located on the Yarrowee River and lower western plains of the Great Dividing Range in the state of Victoria, Australia, approximately 105 kilometres (65 mi) west-north-west of the state capital, Melbourne. It is the third most populous urban area in the state, with a population of 96,940[1] It is the state's most populated inland settlement, and fifth most populated inland settlement in Australia. (wiki of course) 









 from /u/seek3r_red via /r/news/ sent 33 minutes ago

As of today, things seem to be better, as some of the warnings have been lifted/relaxed.

http://guadalajara.usconsulate.gov/annoucements/security-message-may-2nd.-2015 




 oh great, thanks! 




 Map: Locations of reported narco roadblocks in Jalisco - 
https://twitter.com/JorgeAEspinoza_/status/594295492265119745 




 Update: Earthquake in southern Michigan upgraded to magnitude 4.2 - USGS

http://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/eventpage/us20002avh#general_summary 









 "The one simple trick your veterinarian doesn't want you to know!" 




 I think it is likely the latter, but with some of what I've seen passing as journalism of late, perhaps it was simple laziness. 




 Security Message, May 1st. 2015 (Update)

In addition to our previous notice regarding criminal road blockades throughout Guadalajara and the state of Jalisco, including Puerto Vallarta, we wish to alert U.S. Citizens that criminal roadblocks have also been reported in the state of Colima. 

We have also received reports that gas stations, banks and other buildings have been set on fire in the states of Jalisco and Colima.  Additionally, municipal police in Puerto Vallarta have ordered that residents and visitors remain in their homes and hotels.  The Consulate has advised its employees to remain in their homes until the situation is resolved.  As this situation continues to develop, residents of states neighboring Jalisco and Colima should follow news reports and remain vigilant. 














 Security Message, May 1st. 2015 (Update)
In addition to our previous notice regarding criminal road blockades throughout Guadalajara and the state of Jalisco, including Puerto Vallarta, we wish to alert U.S. Citizens that criminal roadblocks have also been reported in the state of Colima.  
Security Message, May 1st. 2015
This morning, the U.S. Consulate has confirmed reports of criminal road blockades throughout the Guadalajara metropolitan area. Multiple vehicles were hijacked, left in the middle of roads and set on fire to disrupt traffic. Mexican police and safety officials are working to restore normal traffic. The Consulate has advised its employees to remain in their homes until the situation is resolved. The Consulate advises American Citizens to avoid travelling in the area and to stay alert to public announcements from Mexican police and authorities. The U.S. Consulate is closed today due to the Mexican Holiday and will reopen on Monday. 









 Chernobyl wildfire extinguished: Ukraine

http://www.france24.com/en/20150502-chernobyl-wildfire-extinguished-ukraine

 









 rofl! I bet that would have produced some interesting hallucinations:) 














 good question.  Even the washington post is being vague. http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2015/05/01/a-colorado-pit-bull-infected-humans-with-the-plague/?tid=pm_pop_b

Best I can do is get this on a map: https://www.google.com/maps/search/tri-county+health+department/@39.6963125,-104.892842,103044m/data=!3m1!1e3

Seems to be Aurora. 









 I hope it is already being used to water weed! 




 hehehe! thank you for the wonderful laugh! 









 true. Maybe we can get the squirrels to drink beer like /u/rlovesbooks slugs? 









 they do love their beer:) 




 They also ate all my lettuce! Let's get 'em! (and yes of course free them elsewhere:) 




 FTR:"In Baltimore, demonstrations were peaceful and even celebratory after prosecutors brought charges against all six officers involved in the arrest of Freddie Gray, the 25-year-old black man who died of spinal injuries suffered while in police custody last month." 














 when ya find something that works... 




 "Iowa, the top egg-producing state in the United States, is the third state to declare a state of emergency because of the viral outbreak, which either has led or will lead to the extermination of up to 21 million chickens and turkeys nationwide.

Minnesota and Wisconsin declared states of emergency in April." 














 I was told a rusty nail will help african violets bloom better. Plant those! 




 Surely that heavy looking box on top will keep all the wonky bits in place? 




 I still want one! 




 to quote what I said when a friend first told me this, "Fucking Idiots". 




 oh gee, they had a pay wall (soft)? my sincere apologies. I say we dump him in the middle of the pacific to try   help him. 




 I weep. 














 I'm assuming the dog was infected by fleas.  However:  

"...Four days later, the dog's owner entered the hospital with a fever and a bloody cough that became worse over the next few hours, but an initial blood culture was misidentified, according to the CDC report.

As the patient's symptoms grew worse, the test was redone and he was found to have been infected with pnumonic plague, according to the CDC report. The remains of the dog were also tested and were found to be positive for the plague bacteria.

"Frankly one of the biggest surprises of this outbreak is the source," said John Douglas, of Tri-County Health Department in Colorado and one of the study authors. "Primarily ... dogs dont get sick at all or they get a minor illness," after being infected with the plague.

Janine Runfola, of the Tri-County Health Department in Colorado and lead author of the report, explained that cats are more likely to infect humans with the disease than dogs because they exhibit more symptoms.
"For pneumonic plague a more likely scenario would be you have a cat [play] with prairie dogs and infected fleas get on the cat," Runfola said. "The cat gets sick and sneezes and coughs on its owner."

"The plague is caused by the bacteria Yersinia pestis, and can infect the body in different ways. For example a flea bite can lead to infection of the glands, which is called bubonic plague -- notorious for the epidemics it spawned during the Middle Ages in Europe. Because this plague was spread from dog to owner through coughing, it developed into pneumonic plague, according to Douglas.

The plague is known to be endemic to prairie dogs in the American Southwest, which can then lead to isolated outbreaks of the disease in domestic animals or humans. 









 not sure, Gonna go post in /r/colorado, I think I may have forgotten to earlier.

ok that's done. I aslo think Nepal   Baltimore are getting most readers attention atm. Such is life? 




 yes!    "12. The spirit of open source continues. Teslas open patent policy has been extended to both the battery technology and the design of the $5 billion gigafactory itself." 

from:http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-05-01/tesla-s-powerwall-event-the-11-most-important-facts 




 ok you just make me laugh the muahahaha laugh so loud it worried my neighbor! :) 




 It seems to make so much sense when seen from that viewpoint. Analyzing the film makes my brain go all fizzy:) 




 I haven't a share in that love either. I do love interesting ...gadgets:) 




 tossing these in since we have so many questions. 
 
 Global News  '5 questions about Teslas new Powerwall'
      http://globalnews.ca/news/1973487/5-questions-about-teslas-new-powerwall/

 Detroit Free Press: http://www.freep.com/story/money/cars/2015/05/01/tesla-motors-powerwall-home-battery/26696301/

http://techcrunch.com/2015/04/30/tesla-powerwall-home-battery/#.4cgfbs:36OG

http://www.teslamotors.com/powerwall [I haven't seen a q a in there]

Would be rather wonderful to have an ASA  from Tesla regarding powerwall!:)

Edit: I can no longer spell:) 




