 Startup

Sell out

Cash in

Bro down 




 Yup, that was the retirement plan.  Buy a house for $400k, wait 15 years, sell it for $2M+ then move back to our rental house where cost of living is less than half and no traffic. 




 I know they are transitioning companies, they are waiting for "him to leave".  It looks like they are trying to re establish proper business practices.  It did seem very seat of their pants environment until I dealt with the managers 




 I love the hyperbolic way any drag race video is described. 

"Lambo gets annihilated by this dude " and it's like a 1 car length win. 




 I'll never stop. 




 However, the place that is serving this probably isn't in Phoenix and also not a place you would go immediately after clocking out. 




 I've applied, but I still haven't received my Handi Cap. 




 I was just there last week.  They were looking into buying things that I sell.  They had all kinds of misters all over the place and workers hosing down places everywhere. I didn't see any dust while walking around.

They are recycling materials that they get from other divisions of the company that do construction and demolition  




 It varies from state to state.  After the recession ended, most of the states stopped the extensions.  The federal unemployment is 6 months. 




 I can control my Spotify on my 360.  Just basic skip and what not, but that's all I was looking to do 




 The fact that Bend, Or didn't even make the list makes me doubt the validity of there magazine 




 Hey, Hillbilly.  Not now...Not EVER 




 Looks more like a modded Ferrari 360. But maybe that's the point? 




 MAKE ME A BICYCLE, CLOWN! 




 And the big 4 are? 




 Or Seattle 




 Yeah it's right around $25k 




 http://i.imgur.com/Z77ZMKc.gifv 




 Isn't that hearsay evidence?  If the cop that scanned you wasn't the one to write the ticket, how can the cop that pulled you over give you a ticket to something he personally didn't witness?

I'm sure both the ticketing cop and the one that operated the radar gun would have to come report to court if you challenged it. 




 [Speed kills...your pocketbook](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BKdbxX1pDw) 




 Yeah, that's a new update, but the traffic incidents and accident alerts have been showing up for a long long while for me.  Seattle could have been a test market. 




 http://www.danielfashions.com/ 




 Daniel 




 My factory charging cable was DOA, so the VZW store gave me a 3rd party one.  This one has a little LED that lights up when you hold it and goes off when you are either charging or not touching it.  After a few days, the light will stay on all day every day, and then after a few more days, the connector got to 135 degrees.  I  swapped it out for another one and it is doing the same thing, but not getting too hot yet.  

I think the turbo charger is breaking this aftermarket cord.  I've ordered some longer non-lit ones and hopefully it's going to be ok. 




 I have a guy that only works on referrals.  I was able to get a shirt, coat (with custom lining and embroidered), pants, cuff links, 2 ties, done in 2 days or less for $500.  All high quality custom stuff.  The main catch?  He's in Hong Kong, but does visit the states in the summer for new/existing clients. 




 Not too sure, but Project Cars is the closest thing to simulating it. 




 The BBB is yelp before yelp.  It's a private organization that you pay to have a rating on. 




 I took my 10" sub and the 1000w amp from my old car and just had a shop custom make an enclosure that fits behind the wheel well and the rear of the trunk.  The sub is under the floor board.

Everything else is factory.   Been working like a champ for years 




  Opensignal.com

Good site.  So here's my issue.  I travel for work, so I'm all over the states that I cover.  Sometimes these locations are out in the middle of nowhere and I need to be able to pull up their info from salesforce.com or call them to make sure we are still on or have to change the times we are scheduled to meet.

If I only lived and worked in the bigger city ( Seattle...Where T-Mobile's HQ is, Tri cities, Spokane)  Then it would be a non issue since they are mostly the same.

http://puu.sh/hWZa1/d288744fcf.jpg - Verizon 3g/4g coverage

http://puu.sh/hWZfE/4f575d052e.jpg - TMO 3g/4g

http://puu.sh/hWZhm/4bd0419c6f.jpg - Sprint. 

If you look at all the little pockets of places where VZW has decent 3G/4G coverage, it's clear that there is way better coverage in way more places in WA.  It's even more apparent in Oregon.

If you zoom out a bit more, it's laughable. 

http://puu.sh/hWZEn/181dd5fcbe.jpg --TMO
http://puu.sh/hWZGS/e7252bc5fe.jpg --VZW.

I would love to stop over paying VZW, but where I go, coverage is king. 




 I used to sell all the major carriers from 2008-2010.  So that's the last back end exp I have. 

We dealt with AOL's all the time and the new credit check was the only thing that stopped people from swapping owners.  The kid would have to have a $400 deposit in order to take the line over. 




 Hadn't heard of the selling of accounts.  I guess those bastards ruined it for the rest of them. 




 I'm in the same boat.  My business phone is Google voice.  So I can't lose that.  I also don't know if Fi will have the coverage I need.  I travel all over for work.  Vzw coverage is just too good in rural areas to leave as it is.  

I'd like someone to try it out before I do 




 I don't see how that is allowed.  That's the whole point of the AOL.  Same plans/phones...Just new person responsible for the bill.  I know it'll be pending a credit check, but that's no reason to force a plan change 




 pretty sure this was the deleted scene that wasn't allowed on TV. 




 I doubt it would hurt it.  Remember, everything is only worth what other people are willing to pay. 




 The stillen exhaust is really nice for subtle sound vs stock. Decent power gain too 




 I passed it today also. It was just west of Richland wa.  Probably heading to central wa on i90 




 I passed that same car today. About 10 miles east of Richland wa. 




 What's your usage been like? 

Any modifications? (rom or what not?) 




 I've heard that matte finishes are NOT for daily driver cars.  They really collect and hang on to every little bit of dust/dirt/grime out there.  That and it's hand wash only.

I remember going to the international auto show a few years back and both BMW and Hyundai had matte paint jobs on their display cars.  They were roped off and you weren't even allowed to touch them.

Looks cool, but I wouldn't want to deal with the day to day of matte. 




 Yeah, I'm saying that all commuter cars should be automated. 
Only those of us that actually LIKE driving will be out there in control.
My sports car / touring car will always have me behind the wheel. 




 If they even report it. 




 Update: the Att store was able to reach the houstonian and they are going to ship the phone to them 




 I was looking in to an Anytime Fitness Franchise. 

Everything in the contract stated that I had to pay no matter what happened.  Even if they do things to hurt my membership numbers.  Similar to Quizno's, they could have upped the rates of all the equipment used to run the place at anytime and there was nothing I could do about it.  They control the entire process.

They also wanted an unlimited personal guarantee. They wouldn't budge on this.  They wanted to be able to take EVERYTHING I HAD, unlimitedly, in order to get what the contract stated.  On top of that I had to sign another similar deal for the lease of the building.

In the end it would have cost over 1 million in startup and fees over 5 years, and I wouldn't have anything to show for it because I really didn't own anything. I was leasing everything.

I could see if you had the money to startup 6 of them in decent areas, you could make a pretty penny, but it wasn't right for where I was at at that time. 




 That's disheartening 




 That's the standard practice for those of us that want to keep our GV number.  You should be fine 




 Yup 




 Airport lost and found won't know how to take the IMEI, lookup the  account and call the owner to let them know where it is. 




 I came in to Seatac very late last night and I found a high end smartphone sitting on a bench while waiting for the shuttle to pick me up.

The battery was dead, so I charged it up and turned it on, but it had a lock pattern, no emergency contacts and the SIM card was already cancelled.  I went to a local store that matched the carrier and they said that the person was from Houston. I left it with them, so they can contact the owner.

**TL:DR  If you are/were visiting Seattle in the last day or so and lost your phone, it's at the carrier store at the mall in Lynnwood, Wa.**

Good luck. 




 Not done yet because I still have some mods I want to do. But there is a local shop that specializes in the vq motors 




 I like how it was David, Michael, Chris, back to Michael, then Jose for a long while in Texas.   




 The most popular is uprev.  A tuning company installs the software on your cars computer over writing the factory parameters.  Then they adjust things to get the most HP out of the mods you have installed using a dyno. You also get better throttle response and you can have different modes for different used ( more fuel economy, race gas, etc) 




 The most bang for the buck performance wise is the same as any na car.  Intake/exhaust and CPU remapped.  

I like stillen parts personally.  Most power and best (not Rice like) sound 




 Call the ones that are currently running in different cities.

Ask if you can speak to the manager or owner.  Once you get them on the line, tell them what info you are after and if they don't have time right then to go into it, schedule a time where you can talk for longer.  

Make sure to have specific questions to ask and write everything down so you can recall it later 




 Our mortgage on a brand new 4bd house is about what op is looking at in between Lynnwood and bothel. It's an hour to downtown most days, but the park and ride helps to not pay for parking downtown 




 I sell equipment to scrap yards.  They ID everyone and over a certain dollar amount they send checks.  They also have to hold stuff from the public for a certain timeframe before selling it. 




 Isn't that also called 2? 




 My friend got hit with something similar from another mod.  All the reviews said it was good, but the accounts were 1 day old 




 I'm 35 and lived in a place that is known for having tons of amazing local breweries.  I can't stand anything but the ciders 




 No, you don't. But you should do a refresher if its been over a year 




 I did my stillen cat back on 2 jack stands. It would have been way better on a lift, but it was doable 




 Idiocracy anyone? 




  I bet that the CEO would blow $500 on a single dinner.

In drinks alone.

I am willing to bet that if you were 5 minutes late(measured by a machine) that some asshole manager shit on you and put you on probation.

At Best Buy, that was the one thing people got fired for like 90% of the time.  Easiest way to get rid of problem workers, and an easy way for middle management to show upper management that they were actually doing something.

In a more serious note, there might be something to the "entitlement generation" but I see it more as a generation that was told "you need to go to college so you don't have to have a laborers job.  Those jobs are for losers"  

I'm in the 1978-1997 generation and that's all I was told by my parents, my friends were told the same thing.  Now we are the same people that have over $1 Trillion in college debt with blue collar workers aging and declining.  Someone with a masters degree in education might make $40k a year and have 6 years of school to pay for, while someone that was an apprentice electrician for the same time could make twice that after reaching journeyman with no debt.  But we sure as hell weren't given that as an option.

  THAT is the actual result of this "entitlement generation" 




 I think that was shrapnel from whatever exploded. It seemed to be from beyond the truck where that guy was. 




 "learn to swim..." 




 Well it does what I wanted it to do. I had the same application, landscape CD player mount in the car and wanted to have the home screen in landscape mode 




 Will this work like normal, but everything will be either landscape or portrait depending on the sensor? 




 The leading statement when you question things in a corporate environment. 

"Help me understand why..." this policy is in place etc. 




 It's hard to over state my satisfaction 




 I kinda had the same thing but sooner.

19, move out

21 making $600/wk take home while going to school

22, have kid

23 move back in to parents house

25 finally get a job with health coverage

26 buy first house

29 making the most I've ever made

30 fired from good job, now trying self employment, but no longer have child support to pay (longer story)

31 barely making any money, have to refinance the house

32 meet future wife, get married

35 this months paycheck will be larger than the median yearly income in the US, own 2 houses and both cars are paid off.

lots can change from year to year.
 




 I heard they aren't even touching his story line this season 




 Women report false rape claims, man goes to jail.  Even when it's proven that it was false, they don't get any real punishment.  so yeah, things like this can happen, but it's usually not going to go viral if it's a false accusation.  




 Moved from bend area to Seattle area last year, they are both better than most places I've visited 




 The fact that someone now has to do such a thing because of shitty parenting is not a small matter, especially when this is compounded when more people do it 




 It's the principle of the matter.  Don't go around and deface shit that isn't yours, especially while visiting.  




 My (or the park rangers) time is worth way more that 2 cents.  

I really hope they don't get identified, but I do hope they see this and realize that this is not a small matter, and either change their ways or never come back to central Oregon.   




 I hope they see this, but don't actually get identified.  That'll be enough.  Either they change their ways or never come back to central Oregon, both outcomes are OK with me 




 This is in my hometown, so I'm more passionate about this than the Utah thing 




  A ticket wouldn't change the behavior of these people.  Now they might think twice before letting your kids be vandals, RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU. 




 They left evidence, have a witness, and a photo Id of the culprit.  That's enough to be charged with vandalism 




 Holy crap... The amount of people that think vandalism is OK and no big deal blows my mind.  

Sure it's a few scratches in some man made thing, but it's the principle of the deal.  How disrespectful is it to visit somewhere, and then deface it?  Kids will be kids, but when they do it IN FRONT OF YOU, you should do your fucking job as a parent and teach them to respect property that isn't yours.  

How is this a hard thing to grasp? 




 It was all over my friends that live in Bend Facebook last week 




 I'm blown away at all the "it's a tradition!" responses.  Who the fuck has a tradition to deface shit everywhere you visit?  How is that ever allowed to be OK?  Kids do stupid stuff, sure, but a parent being complicit in doing it, IN FRONT OF THEM, is just abhorrent parenting 




 "You come to my homeland and deface it? How'd you like it if I defaced your stuff? " 




 This is central Oregon, people take their nature pretty seriously 




 It's made of stone or wood if I remember right.  I used to live 10 miles from there 




 It's the principle of the matter.  Don't let your douche kids vandalize property, especially when you are visiting somewhere and that somewhere is featuring the natural beauty of the area. 




 Orthopedic surgeons are the construction works of the medical field. 




 Yeah, voice number from normal dialer is fine, I was heading out of the country and wanted to try the WiFi calling feature 




 I had thought about that but there wasn't any really good documentation I could find on how project Fi works software wise.  The FAQ says 
 If you're not using your Nexus 6 and you've opted-in to use your number to talk and text on other devices, you can make calls over Wi-Fi using your number through Google Hangouts.

So this might be an issue people run into that want Project Fi but don't have a Nexus 6.

I have the app, but no invite, so I can't test it out to see what that app actually does and how it's different from Hangouts or the regular dialer. 




 *footing the bill 




 Doesn't bode well for the project fi future then.  Hopefully it'll get worked out.  But there is a feedback button, so I suggest using that 




 In preparation for the Project Fi, I wanted to see what it'll be like using Google Hangouts as VoLTE or Wifi calling. 

Today I took the phone off the charger at 11am and had to take a 2+ hour conference call.  I called in to the number with the Hangouts app, then joined the meeting and had the screen on most of the time as I needed to mute/unmute when needed. 

I had expected the screen to suck down the battery pretty bad, but when I was done with the call, I looked and I had 50% battery left.  I go in to the battery stats and the screen and the hangouts app both had the same amount of battery useage at about 16% each.  Under the hangout app, it said it had 2+ hours of CPU usage time.

I'm pretty sure if I had used the normal dialer for this call, it wouldn't have used near what the hangouts app did.  I was on my home Wifi at the time, not LTE.  The phone is the Verizon branded version and the rom is stock, but rooted.

Is this something that anyone else has experienced?  I've tried searching around and nothing has specifically described this issue.   




 I have the driving thing done with tasker that reads texts if I want it to.  I'm not sure what else it did 




 Hey, Hillbilly...not now...not ever 




 and how much tires do Canadians buy?  I'm good with like 1-2 sets of tires every 5 years. 




 Chamber?

I think that was an auto correct for camber. right?

If you have it lowered, then you usually do need a camber kit.

If not, and you are having alignment issues, just take it to a place that does alignments. 




 First thing I thought of 




 Upvotes for korra reference 




 After they lost last week, they set off fireworks...for like 20 min. I heard them at first, and was like nah, it'll be over before I get down there...then they just went on...and on..and on.  Like it was damn 4th of July in the US 




 Tool's CD's are worth the money for the artwork alone. 




 That big spire looking thing was in Toronto.  That's not the space needle 




 I hope M$ comes out with a consumer grade version of Hyperlapse soon. 

I really like the way it does this. 




 Man the port over to Mac are terrible outcomes for some things. The office suite, QuickBooks, etc 




  Three 7 min sections 




 Try rockauto.com they have a lot of parts, but not every part 




