 You're right.  Very tramatic moment. 




 I remember reading about that. When that scene happened I was immediately remembering that article.  It's absolutely horrifying that people would pass the buck onto another person like that but I expect that's only natural.  They even said it in the show "no one exacted to watch someone die before their eyes." 




 That scene in psycho pass where the man is beating that woman with a hammer.  The sound got me the most. 




 To be honest I didn't think people hated her.  Maybe mock/parody her image but it's all in good spirit. 




 I felt the same way man.  Won the war, lost his girl and fuckin rossio is in charge.  I loved the show, wasn't a fan of the ending. 




 Damn dude.  Aight well if that changes I'll be at the library around 930-10am. 




 Would anyone like to meet up for a ride?  We can meet at the library? 




 I just got one of those acouple weeks ago.  I'm in love. 




 Shock of the lightning is a great song. 




 It would be cool if they included other tricks for different attacks.   




 I think a prequel to "the devil is a part-timer"  would be pretty cool.   




 Or a green lightsaber. 




 Ohhh ya wasn't R4-D4 or something like that? I remember the scene but ya a small homage would be pretty cool. 









 Yea, it's called a spank bank. 




 The orange box.  It might be my 50th play though, never gets old. 




 Ya sure,  I'm not doing anything better with my time. 




 Hey I'm jealous of you man.  If I can go back in time to my first motorcycle ride I would in a heart beat.  Good luck out there,  it only gets better and better. 




 This was a great show, I was passed that it didn't get a second season. 









 Better to ask for forgiveness than permission.  You should listen to your parents though,  they love you and just don't want you to kill yourself. 




 I did that for about a year it's risky. 




 They hate us cause they ain't us! 




 I work at my mother's sign shop.  I take calls and go out on jobs.  But a lot of my job is just keeping our workspace clean and organized. 




 Boker kwaiken flipper.  VG-10 steel, looks amazing, sweet and smooth flipping motion. 




 You just wanted to keep your harem...I think he would have understood. 




 My curse, end of a heartache, always are all pretty good songs. 




 You should add some killswitch engaged.   




 Wasn't this show on netflix? Is it still airing on there? 




 Get all your paper work together.  Get the money together.  Check out the bike, take it for a test ride, check the oil, check the body work and if you like it give him the money and leave. 




 God dammit...just take my upvote. 




 A single banana. 




 Nice bike man.  Is this your first? 




 I'm you're near chicago I'll sell you my cb900c.  $1700. 




 Ya life sometimes seems pretty stale. 




 I'm suprised no one has mentioned fullmetal alchemist: brotherhood.  What I loved the most about that show is how they give you such a great insight into past tragedies and then you realize that EVERYTHING connects back to the Elric brothers.  I just think that show was beautifully written. 




 Young Frankenstein.  I love that movie. 




 I really liked this movie.  I would have really wanted to see a sequel. 




 I love this! 




 Besides the dorky hand movements...this isn't a bad song. 




