 People can "convert" as much as they want, whether they truly are what they think they are is a whole other matter. 




 X is just Y packaged with Z mixed in with other things, describes pretty much everything. 




 "Thats why I believe in stratification by allowing water to seek its own level. Its something that can, and is, being done. Im all for a police state; no messing around. There should be an armed guard on every street corner. The Israelis have the right idea: school bus drivers and MacDonalds managers carrying Uzis." 









 I don't particularly care if Satanism is considered acceptable. If the masses embraced Satanism I think something had to have gone wrong with how it's being presented. On the other hand, I believe laws that are in place to defend religious practices should be enforced for public Satanists (who may be outed against their will). 




 Looking forward to it, one of my favorite comics. [I wrote about it briefly for the Church of Satan](http://news.churchofsatan.com/post/99267568502/dc-comics-lucifer-tv-series-coming-soon). 









 Great poet. I like his tarot system. Deep insight on the power of symbols and ritual. Not directly related to Satanism (he rejected the label and considered himself a white light magician). 




 I'm not even mad about the racist/anti-semitic stuff, I'm just unimpressed by these total failures and their whining about "the Jews" for their complete lack of power and fulfillment.  




 You're off to a great start. Congrats! 









 There might be some that carry older issues but the newer stuff is available as digital magazines or print on demand. See their official magcloud page [here](http://www.magcloud.com/browse/issue/886649) 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxRX6LXDpWs 




 Nice! I was just planning on test driving one this afternoon. Which exterior color is that? Not seeing anything like that on the official builder website. 




 It's "Print On Demand" now, so you'll need to click on the Collectors Print edition link.  




 99% of these kinds of questions, including those asked, are addressed in the [Church of Satan FAQ](http://churchofsatan.com/frequently-asked-questions.php) 









 Ah. I thought you meant you were the owner of the actual publication company, who I've met a while ago and operates out of NY. 




 I would recommend [iSatanist](http://www.isatanist.com), they have a few different designs and high quality work. 




 We should get together with some mutual friends the next time I'm up in the haunted Hudson area.  




 I enjoyed it, completed a few runs on the PS4. 




 I'm just observing that the days of alt.satanism-like bickering around the likes of Aquino (of which there were a few) are far gone. I don't miss it, and I'm proud to see our members are spending their energy on far more productive things. If anyone asks, we inform. We're just not getting a lot of people asking, or once informed, met with a shrug. 




 I'm going by day to day experience in working with our membership, most of which are not openly active on social media. And no, most of this new generation doesn't know or care much about this stuff. It's not like this is a secret to anyone, we cover it on our website and Blanche Barton is currently working on a revised edition of "The Church of Satan" which will obviously include this. When I last spoke to her she mentioned it was funny how most people she spoke to are uninterested in that whole drama, but much more interested in LaVey's personal history and the early days of the Magic Circle, and what other members are doing now. Hence her focus on completing the revised edition of "Secret Life of a Satanist", plans for the relaunch of the Cloven Hoof, and promotion of real-world events and activities (such as the William Mortensen book signing in LA this weekend, which featured an open discussion with Barton and Moynihan on LaVey and his techniques on applying the Command to Look, with COS members in attendance).  




 Suicide. Financial ruin. Terminal illness. Sometimes a good old fist to the nose and steel-toe kick to the ribs works too. 




 Or members who are much more interested in what's going on right now and actually getting things accomplished in the real world than worrying about what's essentially personal drama between LaVey and Aquino that had little to no consequence on the current state of affairs. 









 And no, we do not sell membership to the Priesthood of Mendes. And we've removed individuals who have tried to financially exploit other members. 




 Aquino left for various reasons, and yes one of them was because he felt LaVey betrayed the literal Devil by selling memberships. LaVey laughed this off as he never claimed to believe in a literal devil and often spoke highly of materialism, capitalism, and using magic (lesser and greater) to achieve wealth. Aquino was apparently able to live with this as long as he was given power within the CoS to ordain initiatory degrees based on occultnik mumbo jumbo. LaVey rejected this, as he didn't care for wasting time on stuff that had no physical, material payoff (wealth, power, pleasure). Coincidentally Aquino received a message from Satan, appearing as Set and yadda yadda yadda...   

Right after this LaVey got fed up with any theists or occultniks in his organization, who he politely tolerated prior to this. Central sent off letters disbanding the grotto system and telling anyone who believed in the need for initiatory occultism to hit the road. So many did, and he was happy to see them GTFO. So what I'm getting at is that the big "schism" as others call it was much more about power politics and LaVeys disdain for armchair occultniks than commercialism. 




 What happened? The Church of Satan grew stronger and more influential. Most of our current membership and priesthood barely know about Aquino. He's old news. 









 What do you mean by commercialized? I sometimes hear people make this claim and realize they don't even know the definition of the word. Commercialized means designed principally for financial gain. So then, no, the Church of Satan is not a commercialized organization. Does it shy away from making money? No, but rather than be hypocrites about it we accept the rational need for compensation for time and resources.   

Ask any MBA, the Church of Satan has a lousy "business model" if it's intended to be a profit orientated venture. We do not have reoccurring fees, we spend thousands of man hours handling communications, press, legal cases, and appearances. We advertise and support books that we do not profit off, in fact they profit some of our naysayers. We advertise the projects of our members, of which the organization gets zero income.  




 The Church of Satan does not make any money on the sale of Anton LaVey's writings, including the Satanic Bible. All royalties go to his remaining family, none of which are involved in the CoS. 




 No worries, I totally get it. 









 Ah, got it. My bad. 









 Downvote those comments then. Unfortunately trolling is part and parcel to the reddit system. Complaining about only feeds it, "drinking tears" as they say. 




 The embodiment of carnality, materialism, and all the natural forces that that keep the universe in existence. He represents the adversary, the balancing force that swings the pendulum in the opposite direction. 









 Nice to see [Nergal of Behemoth supporting this project](http://instagram.com/p/y0jLWloaqS/). 




 "Satanism is not a white light religion; it is a religion of the flesh, the mundane, the carnal - all of which are ruled by Satan, the personification of the Left Hand Path." 




 The whole idea of Black vs. White Magic comes from the basic occult notion that any magic that is selfish or prideful is "black magic". LaVey throws out that whole concept altogether within Satanism, as he points out that all magic is selfish.   

"White magic is supposedly utilized only for good or unselfish purposes, and black magic, we are told, is used only for selfish or "evil" reasons. Satanism draws no such dividing line. Magic is magic, be it used to help or hinder. The Satanist, being the magician, should have the ability to decide what is just, and then apply the powers of magic to attain his goals." 




 This video might be the thing that gets me to start watching pro racing. 




 Not necessarily, and not all of our members would like to participate, which is fine. Advancing secularism fits within our [Pentagonal Revisionism program](http://churchofsatan.com/pentagonal-revisionism.php). 




 Meh. The whole point of the Reddit system is to let the users decide what's relevant. So if the large majority of the users here don't find "theism" relevant and downvote, well that's the nature of the system. Post interesting things and the "invisible hand" of Reddit will sort it out. Yes, I like Adam Smith. 














 So upon hearing this prayer I cringed and thought "this does not sound like LaVey or Gilmore, except for some borrowed phrases. Isn't that a Christian saying?" So I checked... yeah, this doesn't have anything to do with the Church of Satan, in fact it was written by Greaves of The Satanic Temple. Yawn. 




 What the hell is a father dedli? Nevermind... 




 There are several Satanists who are involved in politics, and their wide range of party affiliation underscores the reason why there couldn't be "Satanic" political party. We have people involved in Libertarian, Republican, Democract, Socialist, and other political parties, and almost never reveal their Satanic beliefs. I know a few Satanists who are in or running for elected offices throughout the world. Obviously they would all disagree with each other, and many other Satanists would agree or disagree with each.  




 Who is "they"? Someone who considers themselves a "Spiritual Satanist" probably does, and thinks they're talking to some deity or spirit. I don't support this. I'm a Church of Satan representative, and therefore I identify with and support LaVey's writings, which are atheistic. We *may* pray to Satan in a ritual, but this a symbolic, metaphoric act, where we build up and project our egos and refer to this externalized ego as Satan. In reality we are praying to ourselves. 









 LaVey was a materialist (or more like naturalist if you want to get into metaphysical ontology). He did not believe in conscious, communicable gods, demons, spirits, beings or in any existence beyond this one carnal life. While he was open to possibilities of "supernatural" events he maintained that these phenomenon are part of the material, natural world that not yet explained by science. He vehemently and repeatedly rejected spirituality and mysticism. All that said, he recognized man's need for mythology, archetypes, ritual, and pageantry, so he formalized an organized religion that best represents man's true nature, and called it Satanism. While some "spiritual" Satanists may say they are influenced by LaVey, they really don't have much common ground beyond aesthetics and symbols. The commonality breaks down as soon as you consider metaphysics and logical arguments.   

Obviously the term "satanism" existed prior to LaVey, which he recognized and appreciated, but considered it dysfunctional and inaccurate due to the fact that it was almost always used from a Judeo-Christian perspective, heretical/Gnostic at best, but always chained to Christian cosmology.  




 Hard to say. If it's Satanis then I don't think it's worth a whole lot. The CoS didn't really attach stickers to materials, so I'm leaning on it being a duplicate, which there were many. If you happen to have some rare recordings of a Black Mass with LaVey then you may have something of a collector's item, but would need some kind of verification. 




 What you may have is a copy of Satanis, which is a Satanic Mass, not a Black Mass. [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXIkJ0NraoY).   
There never really was a "Church" of Satan. In the 60's and early 70's LaVey hosted some parties and rituals at his home, often referred to as The Black House, but he never considered it an actual "church". Some attendees called it a church, for lack of a better word, but LaVey didn't really endorse that. After the early 70's LaVey pretty much closed the doors to his home except for close friends and select members of the CoS. He also stopped doing public rituals.  

You say "black mass" like it's a regular thing the CoS does, but it's not. LaVey only performed a few of Black Masses, and some were not even really anti-Christian. The purpose of the Black Mass is to mock a particular target. Christianity wasn't particularly interesting to LaVey, he preferred to attack psychiatry, drug culture, extreme liberalism, hippies, etc.  




 An Old Man once asked, "Where are all the Low Priests?" 




 I should remind people that Soundcloud removes some episodes due to copyright issues (even though we do keep track of our plays and pay royalty fees to various distribution companies), so you should check http://radiofreesatan.com/ to keep up on all our shows.  




 I recommend reading [The Devil   Philosophy](http://news.churchofsatan.com/post/93912057937/magus-gilmore-in-the-devil-and-philosophy), High Priest Peter H. Gilmore has several chapters in it where he debates a few philosophers and academics on the Epicurean elements in Satanism, and the academic definition of Satanism as a whole.  




 Epicurus, Voltaire, Jung, Ben Hecht, Herbert Spencer, Michael Foucault, H. L. Mencken, Thomas Malthus, Macchiavelli, Freud, Gerald B. Lorentz, Benjamin DeCasseres   

http://www.churchofsatan.com/sources-book-list.php   
  
Practically any book at Underworld Amusements has a Satanic influence http://shop.underworldamusements.net/   

Plenty of book listed in the Compleat Witch Illustrated Bibliography http://compleatwitch.blogspot.com/

 









 The interview was being filmed for a show on BNN-VARA, will probably air in the summer. I'll post a link to it when it's up on their website. 




 I recently was interviewed by Dutch media about the American interest in exorcism. They were fascinated by how religious Americans were, and somewhat frightened by it.  









 MRW getting tax advice on this sub http://i.imgur.com/dffICKV.jpg 




 Great to see so much work on GIFv, and I don't mean that with any Reddit irony! I'm always traveling so I can't imagine using Reddit without this app. Thanks for your hard work! 




 I will say that suppressing your feelings is un-satanic, and if you naturally feel compelled to interfere in the lives of strangers then I would suggest that individual accept their savior complex and use it to their advantage. 




 Though I hesitate on saying "whatever you want", I would agree with with /u/devilmachineyea in that each Satanist would need to decided how they feel. Some might feel bad, if they had similar situations in their lives, or some might not care. If you're looking for a blanket uniform answer you're not going to get one.  

I will say that in my experience Satanists can be empathetic, and tend to be sensitive to the human animal experience. This is different from wanting to actually interfere or otherwise try to inject ourselves into other people's business. 









 It's like this movie was produced for maximum gif potential. 




 Not so much as a joke but an acknowledgment of the feelings it brought up. And anyone who's heard Enochian spoken by a skilled ritualist can attest to the atmosphere it can create. Similar to the power the Latin language has in Catholic mass, but in our case we recognize this as being applied psychology and even hypnotism. 




 This movie poster from /u/M0o0se is the best thing to come out of all this http://imgur.com/CltUBWC 









 Sure, why not.  




 Depends on where you look, and who wants to be seen. And how you want to be seen, and how do you, or someone else, gain from it. I know more than a few Satanists that make Boyd Rice look like a boy scout. 




 Here's an episode of The Satanic Tradition on the 9sense podcast that goes into some of the history of the rituals of the COS and the Enochian Keys   
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5hcGOpLME4 feature=youtu.be t=1h12m6s 




 The reason LaVey included the Enochian Keys was because, at the time, they were considered sinister and he was warned against it by the occult "community". This implied that they Keys still generated emotional response and caused fear among certain people, so he included them. Nowadays this isn't the case as much, so you may not want to use them. I forget where but LaVey once said if you're having trouble with Enochian just skip it and recite your favorite poem. I've seen Satanic rituals where they use Gaelic, old Indo-European languages, and even Arabic instead of Enochian to fit the needs of that particular working. 









 If you're talking about symbolism and ritual, then it symbolizes phallic force. I wouldn't carry one around in public. 




 You say non-earthy. Why? Were single celled organisms non-earthy before their discovery by Leeuwenhoek. Some people thought so, but it turned out to be part of the natural world we had yet to understand. 




 First of all, if you're talking about Satanism, it's magic, not magick. Magic with a k was popularized by Crowley (who's not a Satanist) as a way of distinguishing between stage magic and illusions (what LaVey calls Lesser Magic) from ritualized ceremonial magic(k). LaVey's observation is that they are all one and the same, and ceremonial magic often uses techniques of Lesser Magic to achieve results. He was also NOT a mystical person, so the idea that magic(k) was something more "holy" or "sacred" was an anathema to him. All magic, lesser or greater, was working within the material world and carnal. Which leads me to the next point.   

LaVey certainly believed in having influences over events outside his direct control. He tells stories, and many people who have visited him have odd coincidences before and after. Even the stone cold unbelieving Rolling Stone writer felt like LaVey was able to shift the atmosphere around him. The thing is, LaVey never likened any of this to "spirituality" or "mysticism". All that implies some greater power or greater plane of existence. LaVey rejects this. He believes there are parts of this world, this natural, materialistic world, that we yet do not understand. Since it is not understood, it's "dark", and therefore, being a poetic, dramatic type, he symbolizes these unknowns as dark forces of nature.  




 Hate to be pedantic but with Satanism you don't spell "magic" with a k under any circumstances. The whole idea of "magic with a k" came from Crowley (not a Satanist) who wanted to distinguish between illusionist/sleight of hand (lesser) magic from ceremonial/greater magic. So even in the appropriate case "lesser magick" doesn't make sense.  

Anyway... Great tips, regardless! 




 http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/brent-rambo 









 Boyd Rice the mystic Christian who's now friendly with Bob Larson instead of angrily debating him? Ok sure.  

Most of the Satanists I know and associate with are not humanists at all. Just depends on where you look.  









 Create something new. Write a poem or story, record a song, paint a picture, take a photograph. 




 Nathan Gray is an outstanding musician and gentleman. Got some remixes in the works for him coming soon! 




 I write for a "Heathen" magazine and communicate/collaborate with several Asatruars (including members of the AFA/Rune Gild) who are also Satanists and members of the Church of Satan. 




 Solipsism can creep up on you. People are disappointing. 




 Important essay for people who seem to think LaVey would have supported any level of organized activism. I hear this time and time again, that "things changed" or the CoS "went inactive", as if there was once a time when the COS was marching down the street and patting people on the back. It was never "active" in the sense that these detractors seem to want to believe it was or should have been. That was never the idea, never the application, and we continue in that tradition. I'd answer any questions or rebuttals anyone has on this topic. 









 Interesting from a religious history and Middle East cultural perspective, that's all.  
Edit: The symbolism around the Peacock Angel can be interesting and useful. 









 Demolition Man 




 You must drive your tax guy crazy. 









 [Satanism: The Feared Religion by Peter H. Gilmore](http://www.churchofsatan.com/satanism-the-feared-religion.php) 




 MRW I'm downvoted for answering a question...  
http://i.imgur.com/eH8yg2R.gif 




 Not sure, though I'm hearing that it may have been Fate magazine. 














 Sounds like you've got some admirable accomplishments already under your belt and a bright path ahead! Magus Gilmore is an incredibly busy man but it I would certainly get in touch with the COS administration and let them know about your achievements and goals. You can use the contact form here: http://www.churchofsatan.com/contact-us.php 




 I personally find it pretty lame, typical stoner mentality. I don't think it should be "banned". 




 Here are all the fundamental texts on Satanism: [Church of Satan: Printed Works](http://churchofsatan.com/sources-print.php). These are the core books. This is required reading you're serious about understanding LaVey's philosophy, as well as High Priest Peter H. Gilmore's direction. Anything else is supplementary.  

Here's a recommended reading list directly from Anton LaVey. ["This is the list as originally published in Magistra Blanche Bartons The Church of Satan as approved by Magus Anton Szandor LaVey."](http://churchofsatan.com/sources-book-list.php). Here are some of my choice picks:  
Carl Jung: Man and His Symbols   
Herbert Spencer: The Study of Sociology  
Michael Foucault: Madness and Civilization  
H. L. Mencken: The American Language  
Fyodor Dostoevsky: Notes from Underground  
Robert W. Chambers: The King in Yellow  
Jack London: The Sea Wolf  
John Milton: Paradise Lost  

One of the most overlooked books by LaVey is "The Compleat Witch" (aka "The Satanic Witch"). I see a lot of people make assumptions about LaVey's theories on Lesser   Greater Magic without having had read this book, which is *all about that*. LaVey included an extensive bibliography that gives you an crystal clear look at his base materialism and secularism. Here's is an illustrated and annotated collection of the bibliography, maintained by members of the Church of Satan's Priesthood of Mendes: [Compleat Witch Illustrated Bibliography Project](http://compleatwitch.blogspot.com/).  

This should give enough reading for quite a long time. 









 I get your enthusiasm but Satanism is an individualist philosophy, so such a social club might not be the best idea. Though all Satanists share a bedrock philosophy, their applications and independent interests may vary greatly, sometimes leading to conflicts. It's a mistake to think that just because someone else is a Satanist means that you'd get along swimmingly. 

Satanism is also anti-proselytizing, meaning you should not try to convince other people that Satanism is right for them. Most people will not (and cannot) accept Satanism, and that's alright. Do not expect people to respect you just because you're a Satanist, instead have them respect you because you're a great writer, mathematician, computer programmer, athlete, musician, artist, photographer, cartoonist, etc.  

That said, I wish you luck. Peter H. Gilmore is a close friend of mine and I know he got started with Satanism in high school, where he met High Priestess Peggy Nadramia. He graduated as Valedictorian of his class and his speech had a Satanic spirit. 
 




 Satan is the drive for sovereignty, carnal sensuality, wisdom, and to be a master of the material world.    




 Cult of Youth, King Dude, Bain Wolfkind, Rome, Blood Axis, Sigur Ros, Mum, Phantogram, Lorde, Purity Ring, Little Dragon, Chelsea Wolfe, Cold Cave, Grimes.  

Yes. 




 One of my favorite live experiences was in 2004, watching him perform for 3 hours in a packed warehouse in Brooklyn. It was soon after "Find Candace" came out, part of a larger SICKNESS event, separate ambient room, art gallery, DJ space. Good times. 




 Like /u/lightning_falls states, prayer is a plea for Divine Intervention with some conscious, communicable being. Satanism rejects all notions of the Divine and of any communicable beings, so that's one major difference.  

The other is something that's a common misconception with LaVey's system of Greater Magic. He clearly states that Greater Magic should be a tool to help tip the scales to your favor, not to perform miracles. Whether this phenomenon is a placebo based on psychodramatic shifts or some biochemical expansion of the mind is a area of skeptical inquiry amongst Satanists who are interested in this. LaVey himself didn't care what it was, his approach was pragmatic and all that mattered is what worked. 









 I'm not, it services little to negative purpose. But if one is aware of what Satanism is (as in what it really is), then it wouldn't take long to figure it out.  




 Without a doubt, the philosophy within Satanism leans Right. But there are plenty of liberal Satanists who can reconcile that with their own progressive views. But those views are their own, and their own responsibility to balance and defend if they see fit.  




 I long ago stopped arguing the theological/cosmological issues involved in "theistic Satanism". But I will interject when someone makes a logically and factually incorrect assertion about whether LaVey or the Church of Satan some how supports their theistic views. If you want to refer to other writers, other philosophies or theologies, other occultists and their practices, fine. I won't agree with you, but I won't argue you. But if anyone tries to frame it as something sourced from LaVey, then be prepared to debate it factually.   

As for the up/down voting system, that's reddit for you. If the majority of people in this sub are not friendly to theists, then that's the nature of democracy. 




 There are numerous religions that do not believe in outside forces, that do not address an afterlife. Where do you come to this conclusion? LaVey created Satanism as a new kind of religion that wholeheartedly accepts man as a purely carnal animal but with a need for metaphor, symbols, and rituals. The philosophy within Satanism is important, and crucial, but so are the traditions, the metaphors, the rituals, the culture. It's all part of the Satanic religion that is still in the early years. LaVey picked up the scent, and knew this was coming, that religion would be redefined in the future as secular phenomenon. He points to television, the internet, the entertainment industry as the new religions for the masses. He built Satanism as the alternative religion not just to the spiritual   mystical religions of the past, but of the consumerist religions of the future. "Remember, the first 99 years are always the toughest." 









 Confucianism does not address an afterlife and is very secular in many ways, but both considers itself and is recognized as a religion. 




 I disagree with that assessment of LaVey's "religious" stance. In fact it was in his later writings and interviews that LaVey pushed harder on Satanism being a religion over philosophy exactly because of the push back he got from occultists and pagans who questioned his lack of theism. You can see him refer to Satanism as a religion in Satan Speaks and The Devil's Notebook, both written in the 90's. One of his last articles is titled **["THE WORLDS MOST POWERFUL RELIGION"](http://churchofsatan.com/worlds-most-powerful-religion.php)**, in which he specifically makes the case for Satanism as a codified, organized, and post-modern 21st century religion by critiquing and dissecting what makes something a religion or religious. 




 Very approachable and pleasant to talk to, yet confident and in control of his surroundings. He's very professional about his performances and his clothing business. 




 /r/goingtohellforthis/ 




 Yes, great person as well. Had the pleasure to spend some time with TJ and consider him a kindred individual. 




 [Chelsea Wolfe - Feral Love](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49MYJkEazIg)  
[King Dude - Lucifer's The Light Of The World](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IjvYTPQ25-4)  
[Cult of Youth - The Pole Star](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2jkl7DUPSU)  
[Pharmakon - Bestial Burden](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFgZqSDRHFI)  
[Scott Walker + Sunn O))) - Soused](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UwSveFnWzhI)   









 Each person can apply Satanism how they want, but LaVey did actively push Satanism as a **religion** over just a philosophy. There is philosophy within Satanism, but there's also Satanic culture, dogma, ritual, iconography, etymology, art, tradition, and literature that's all just as important as the philosophy itself. 




 Personally, I call them a heretical Christian, Muslim, Jew, or whatever theological cosmology they adhere to. In regards to someone who believes in the Christian Devil/Satan, then in turn they must give Christ significance in order to remain theologically consistent. If not, then they are inconsistent in their theology and therefore just a kook. Once you claim to subscribe to some metaphysical theology then you're bound to its history, unless you want to debate thousands of years of theology "just because it sounds cool".  




 http://media.giphy.com/media/NnGGHE0muVqpO/giphy.gif 




