 If I can't find out how many calories something contains, I don't eat it. Simple as that. This is why I almost never eat out, most restaurants/restaurant chains don't have the nutritional information of their products available, and even when they do, sometimes it doesn't make the food they sell nutritionally optimal still. There is no secret to changing your body, and knowing how many calories you are ingesting daily is the absolute most important thing by far, and so some sacrifices must be made... and yes, one of these sacrifices is avoiding things of which you cannot figure out the caloric content. I'm sure that's not what you wanted to hear, but it's the truth.  




 Honestly, there is no magic solution. In order to get workouts in everyday, to keep track of your caloric intake and nutrient breakdown everyday, to prepare all your meals everyday, to make sure you get enough sleep everyday, which are all key to changing your physique, it takes a certain level of dedication. Such a level of dedication is not acquired in an instant, it takes time, sometimes years before you can get to the point where you can do this. People like to think that you can wake up one day and, just like that, start living a strict lifestyle. That might be true for some, but in my experience, the discipline and ability to work hard consistently that are necessary are definitely not acquired overnight. I've been training for almost a decade now, and once in a while I still miss a workout or mess up my caloric intake. But one thing for sure, the longer you wait to start, and the longer it will take you to get where you want to be.  




 Yes, people with the thrifty phenotype.  




 Caffeine doesn't increase appetite, I did answer that. Also, caffeine isn't technically physically addictive. You can get 'addicted' to caffeine just like people get addicted to eating certain foods or watching certain TV shows.  




 Personally, I love caffeine when I'm cutting, because it allows me to maintain my overall energy level and the intensity of my workouts despite eating less nutrients. I like to combine caffeine with another stimulant/sympathomimetic drug, such as Ephedrine HCL, Synephrine HCL or Methylhexanamine. I find that they work synergistically and give me a good energy boost before an intense workout. Caffeine or stimulants at large shouldn't increase hunger or appetite, on the contrary, stimulants tend to aid in weight loss. Firstly, they do so by increasing ATP production via an increase in body temperature, which further increases metabolic rate, thus heating up the mitochondria of the cells and therefore further increasing body temperature as well, and with this you get a full-circle effect that promotes free fatty acid utilization. Secondly, they actually suppress appetite, since they increase the release of the leptin hormone from fat cells via increased thermogenesis (like previously discussed), which reduces appetite.  




 If anyone is interested, the full paper can be accessed here:

http://libgen.org/scimag/index.php?s=A%20Human%20Thrifty%20Phenotype%20Associated%20With%20Less%20Weight%20Loss%20During%20Caloric%20Restriction

The paper is called 'A Human Thrifty Phenotype Associated With Less Weight Loss During Caloric Restriction', it's from the American Diabetes Association.

Basically, they found that there are two types of weight loss phenotypes: a 'spendthrift' and a 'thrifty' one, and, given the same caloric deficit, those with the thrifty one will lose less fat. 

Quote from the paper's Discussion section:

'We have described for the first time that
obese individuals with a spendthrift phenotype lost the
most weight during 6 weeks of CR. A 1% smaller 24h-EE
decrease during fasting (range 25.3% to 212.1%) led to
a larger energy deficit of 124 kcal/day, or a greater cumulative
energy loss of more than 5,000 kcal over the 6-week
time period. A 124-kcal/day smaller energy deficit in the
thrifty phenotype is equivalent to the amount of energy
expenditure reduction caused by a melanocortin 4 receptor
(MC4R) gene mutation in Pima Indians (;110140
kcal/day) (26), which predisposes these individuals to
obesity (27).'
 




 I'm looking for reliable information. Science isn't always right, but it's self-correcting and still the most available source of information that society has.  




 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25843057

The effects of dietary protein and amino acids on skeletal metabolism, Jessica D. Bihuniak, Molecular and Cellular Endocrinology (2015), doi: 10.1016/j.mce.2015.03.024 

To quote the review study:

' Findings from a short-term amino acid supplementation trial in older adults suggest that different groups of amino acids induce opposing effects on IGF-1 (Fig. 2; Dawson-Hughes et al., 2007). Supplementation with the branched chain amino acids, isoleucine and leucine, caused a reduction in serum levels of this growth factor, while the aromatic amino acids, phenylalanine and histidine, increased IGF-1 levels. Milk contains greater amounts of phenylalanine and lower quantities of isoleucine compared to meat products such as beef and chicken (Sosulski and Imafidon, 1990). The amino acid profile of milk may therefore be more conducive to supporting a rise in circulating IGF-1 levels.'

Numerous studies have correlated circulating levels of IGF-1 and growth hormone with adiposity:

http://ajpendo.physiology.org/content/295/2/E385.article-info

Lower growth hormone and higher cortisol are associated with greater visceral adiposity, intramyocellular lipids, and insulin resistance in overweight girls. Madhusmita Misra, Miriam A. Bredella, Patrika Tsai, Nara Mendes, Karen K. Miller, Anne Klibanski.
American Journal of Physiology - Endocrinology and Metabolism Published 1 August 2008 Vol. 295 no. 2, E385-E392 DOI: 10.1152/ajpendo.00052.2008

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10352397

Low-Dose Growth Hormone Treatment with Diet Restriction Accelerates Body Fat Loss, Exerts Anabolic Effect and Improves Growth Hormone Secretory Dysfunction in Obese Adults
Kim K.R.  Nam S.Y.  Song Y.D.  Lim S.K.  Lee H.C.  Huh K.B. 
Division of Endocrinology, Department of Internal Medicine, YongDong Severance Hospital, Yonsei University College of Medicine, Seoul, Korea
 




 If you don't like your own body, all you can really do is keep working hard on changing it until you do. That's what I do. I'm never satisfied, and so I'll never stop working hard. Not a bad thing.  




 Injected some GHRP/GHRH, took an amino acid supplement, then went for my 30 min morning cardio. The calorie burn was insane, almost quantifiable... Then, I switched to an isocaloric diet recently, so I had some homemade pancakes made with almond flour, cottage cheese, liquid egg white and chocolate whey protein powder. Tasty! This day started off very well! No goal in sight for now, just want to keep getting leaner and leaner while maintaining muscular tissue.  




 The amazing things about this research report is the fact that there were no side effects and, most importantly, the method of administration used (intranasal). Of course the anabolic properties of GHRP are nothing new, but that's not the point. 




 This is one of the house in the Salem spawn on World of Keralis. You can easily check it out yourself.  









 Andesite looks good with everything.  





























 Yep. I don't know too much about Buddhism sadly, but didn't he go from thin to fat and then to thin again and that was supposed to have some symbolic meaning? Not sure if that makes sense.  




 To be honest I don't even know what it means to be happy. I mean, I know how well-being is produced in the brain, but happiness as an abstract concept, I have no idea how to define that.  




 Knowledge isn't happiness, on the contrary, knowledge has made me feel all the more cynical and lonely in my short lifetime. The more I acquire knowledge, and the more I look down on people in general. I don't want to feel this way and I know it's not right, but I can't help it. But knowledge is also success and power, and I like to think that these two things can eventually be used to achieve happiness, even though I'm not sure about that. I just need to find how to make the bridge between the two. I guess that's the next step. Making the bridge between knowledge and happiness.  




 I get your overall point, but I'm not sure what's wrong with the word 'adipose'. It's just a word that comes from the New Latin word *adiposus*, which means 'fatty'. Adipose tissue is just the connective tissue the body uses to store nutrients it cannot use for energy. I'm not sure why you have a problem with that word. 

Also, I'm not sure what you mean by 'dangerous'.  




 I know that, no matter what, it'll never be enough. I will probably train and diet all my life, and never find the body that I'm looking for and that I correlate with my own happiness. And therefore, I feel like I'll never be happy, and the thought scares me. I'll never have the low body fat percentage that I want. I'll never be as muscular as I want. My diet will never be as good as I want. My training will never be as on point as I want. 

People keep commenting on my progress, and keep telling me how well I seem to be doing. But it doesn't seem to matter, I'm still never finding myself satisfied. It feels like I'm in an endless loop, like I'm walking an endless path with an unreachable destination. I call it 'trying to find Neverland', or, in other words, looking for something that will never exist. 

Am I the only one who feels this way?  




 Feel proud, you just avoided a ton of needless fast-digesting carbohydrates and LDL cholesterol fats! 




 I hate the state of being fat, but I blame society, not individuals. People are ignorant because our system doesn't raise them properly. People's life habits in general are disastrous and they pass them down to their children, resulting in a vicious circle that is hard to break from.  




 Eat more dietary fibers (they slow digestion and keep you full longer), make your meals more satisfying, maybe by eating more but less often as well.  




 Agreed. When I started losing weight, it was only for myself. Now I want to show what I've done to others so I can show them that it's definitely possible and not out of anyone's reach.  




 I would suggest sticking to eating less until you are at a weight that allows you to exercise more safely. At your weight, you can lose fat efficiently enough through dieting alone.  




 Personally, I keep my beliefs about nutrition and exercise a secret. I don't ever talk about it. Most people are ignorant about the basic biochemical principles behind nutrient science, and my friends and relatives are no exception. And I don't feel like trying to educate them on things that that they don't really want to learn. When people are young, it's easy to teach them things (I know, because I've worked as an elementary school teacher, and kids themselves are rarely the problem), but as they become adults, people become more wrapped up in their own beliefs and close minded and it's more difficult to change these beliefs. As a result, most people have ridiculous food related beliefs and food has become a taboo subject on the same level as religion and politics in society. So, personally, when food topics come up, I either don't get involved or make random generic bullshit-ish comments. 

I guess my best advice is: don't say anything. Resent those around you for being foolish, but don't let them know how you feel. Just do your own thing, and keep getting progress... when others see it, it will speak for you better than words ever could.  




 Personally, I prefer the mental pain of being hungry over the days or even weeks of guilt that always follow eating good that I'm not supposed to. That's why I make my meals as filling and satisfying as possible, and if I'm hungry, I prefer to suffer from not giving in. Knowing that I stick to my goals and that I keep control of my life helps me be stronger mentally, so it's not too bad.  




 I think you can easily find one on your own with a quick Google search. But the best advice I can give you is to educate yourself on how to perform the main compound weight lifting exercises. Compound exercises are ones that use a lot of muscle groups at once, such as the squat, the deadlift, the bench/dumbell press, etc., and they are at the center of most HIIT style weight lifting routines, since they are quite effective for maximizing number of calories burned and muscular mass and strength gains.  




 Weight lifting is actually how I started losing weight many years ago. Now I do cardio as well, but for cardiovascular health. In my experience, HIIT style training (doing heavy compound exercises (squats, deadlifts, etc) with little rest), which is a form of training that combines weight lifting and cardio, combined with a caloric deficit, is the best and most efficient time way to lose weight. Your workouts are short but extremely intense, and no need to spend hours doing traditional cardio, such as running outside or on a treadmill. Also, this method of training boosts the metabolic rate of free fatty acid utilization, meaning you burn nutrients faster long after your workout, even at rest. 

Nowadays I do fasted morning cardio and lift weights 6-7 days a week, but mainly because I enjoy it. Fasted cardio is good at lower body fat percentages, to force the body to use body fat when it otherwise wouldn't since your stomach is empty. You can train everyday or every 2 days depending on how you do it, what mostly matters is diet and getting enough sleep. 



  




 Tom Platz was my motivation growing up as an aspiring bodybuilding teenager, and he still is!

Guy is a freaking legend!  




 If you drink alcohol and stay within your caloric intake, then it real makes no difference compared to ingesting nutrients. But the real problem with alcohol is that it makes being at a caloric surplus much, much worse than normal... The body sees alcohol as a poison that it must break down first, and the enzymes responsible for breaking down foods cannot do their job as usual because they are busy breaking down ethanol. In other words, your metabolism is disrupted, which results in a significant increase in the fat tissue uptake rate of triglycerides. Yep, alcohol is quite horrible for the body. :/ 




 I find that the removing unhealthy foods part is especially important, too. Of course if there's chocolate bars and ice cream in your house you're going to be tempted. But if there are none available, much easier to not eat them!  




 One way I stopped eating fast foods and other 'unhealthy' foods was removing all of such foods from my house and always buying and preparing my food for the entire week ahead of time. Sundays are my food prep days, and I take 3-4 hours of my day to recalculate my TDEE, make my caloric intake and nutrient breakdown for the week, make a list of food products, go to the grocery store, buy all those products, and then cook and weight all the food. And every single day of the week, from Monday to Sunday, I know what's going to be in every meal because that's what's been planned and there's literally nothing else to eat in the house. 

I also make sure to make meals that are tasty, satisfying to eat and fiber rich enough to avoid cravings, and use some food seasonings, such as calorie free sugar and calorie free spicy sauce. My diet tends to mostly be made up of white meat (chicken, tilapia, salmon, scallops), starchy vegetables (yam, squash, parsnips, peas, asparagus), oats, egg products (both whole eggs and liquid egg white) and some fiber rich fruits (raspberries, blackberries, apples).  




 I just don't think it's effective to maintain. You want your body to constantly grow and adapt, and maintaining homeostatic balance is the best to ensure this never happens anymore. Instead, you want your body to be in a state of perpetual shock, by being at either a deficit or a surplus all of the time. As someone who's interested in being both lean and muscular, that's my opinion anyway.  




 There is two reasons as to why society is becoming incredibly obese:

1) Genetic variances amongst individuals in various physiological processes, that is, hormones, hormonal relationships, neural pathways, etc;

2) Deeply rooted cultural practices that relate to eating behaviors.

Neither of these will change within our lifetimes. It will take long for societies to change their cultural practices, and considerably longer for our species to change its physiology in the face of the evolutionary mismatch that people's harmful life habits are nowadays. And by 'considerably longer' I mean possibly tens of thousands of years.

 




 I look down on the state of being overweight, because, from an evolutionary perspective, humans were never meant to store this many nutrients in adipose tissue. This adaptive trait was never meant to be taken to the harmful extent that it has been in recent history.  But I do not blame individuals, I blame society. As a kid, I was overweight, because I was ignorant, as are all humans when they are born, and there was no one to teach me. Growing up, I was lucky enough to learn and acquire knowledge on my own, and as a result I changed my life habits and got rid of all the excess triglycerides in my fat cells. 

Most laypeople do not even understand the basic principles behind the biochemistry of nutrients, and so they have no idea how or what to eat. In fact, most people don't even know what a nutrient is to begin with... Even worse, most people are not only ignorant, but also proud of their own ignorance. In my eyes, obesity is merely one of the many outcomes of that. Ignorance is a vicious circle; obese people who don't see the issues with their ways pass down their ignorance to their offspring, therefore also likely passing them their unfavorable genetic baggage in the process. This is the cycle of life. 

But there is nothing we can do. Widespread ignorance is, like I said, a vicious circle, and societies throughout history have not only failed to break it, but have also been victims of it. I don't worry, however, because I know that, in the long run, life will run its course as it always has; many generations of metabolically abnormal people will live on, until they are slowly and surely replaced by those whose physiology has adapted to today's ignorant eating habits. Until then, all we can do, the few of us who were lucky enough to learn, is watch as the masses are slowly killing themselves with their harmful life habits. 

 




 Yeah, my bad. I should have said cardio and resistance training, not weight lifting. My brain tends to associate resistance training with weight training, but weight lifting is merely one example of resistance training.  




 2lb per week is a 1000 daily calorie deficit. If you have a TDEE of 3500, you have a high weight with a low body fat percentage. Even people who have a high weight due to being morbidly obese do not have such a high TDEE.  




 In order to eat 2500 calories and stil lose 2lb a week, you would have to be insanely heavy and muscular. 1500 sounds much more realistic.  




 I suffer from hunger while thinking of how I can make my meals more satisfying the next day. Simple as that. I prefer enduring mental pain over going above my target caloric intake.  




 I think lifting weights is much more time efficient for weight loss than spending hours walking outside or on a treadmill. If you are so out of shape that walking is the only thing you can do, then like you said, you might as well skip exercising altogether and stick to eating less until you drop down to a weight that allows you to exercise more easily.  




 Glycemic index is inaccurate. You need to look at the glycemic load, which is the result of a formula that takes into account both how quickly a food is digested (a.k.a the glycemic index) and how much sugar it actually contains. To illustrate my point, if you base yourself on the GI alone, carrots appear unhealthy, because they are digested quickly, but in reality they are fairly healthy because very little sugar is actually digested. Lower glycemic load does not necessarily mean less sugar, although she obviously needs to cut down on foods that are rich in sugar and devoid of everything else, because those obviously have an insanely high glycemic load, since there is nothing to slow down the digestion of copious amounts of monosaccharides. But, for example, foods that are rich in sugar but also in dietary fibers (which slow down digestion), such as certain fruits, are completely fine. An example of a low glycemic load fruit is the strawberry.   




 Not necessarily, but yes, it can involve supersets.  




 HIIT is basically weight lifting and cardio combined. You lift weights, but at a high pace, and with lots of volume and little rest. It doesn't have to be 'insanely hard', and it can definitely be adapted to one's own physical abilities.  




 Nice! Congratulations! 




 You don't really to cut sugar down. You need to cut calories down, rather. Also, diabetics and people with related metabolic abnormalities do not need to refrain from eating sugar. But their body cannot metabolize glucose normally due to improper insulin response, and the outcome of that is what's dangerous, so they need to watch how their body responds to sugar ingestion more carefully. Also, you need to realize that, just like you controlled your own destiny by getting there, you can also control it to start from where you are and reach a healthier destination. Diabetes is likely caused by a mix of unfavorable genetic baggage and insulin resistance developed as a result of prolonged periods of being at positive caloric balance and eating high glycemic load foods. But it can definitely be controlled by eating a well balanced diet and exercising regularly. Your destiny is still very much in your own hands.  




 Lifting weights with your arms will not 'tone' your arm fat. Losing body fat will tone your arm fat, along with fat proportionally on the rest of your body. And it doesn't matter if you're eating 'healthier' or not, eating 'healthier' will only help you lose weight insofar as it puts you at a daily caloric deficit, just like exercising. You could do no exercise whatsoever and eat only junk food, and if you end everyday with a negative energy balance, you will lose weight. I'm not saying don't exercise or eat junk food, but my point is that caloric intake is mostly what matters. Also, there is no such thing as 'healthy' and 'unhealthy', because nutrients on their own are harmless. Rather, it's about the overall nutrient choices. Sorry if I come off as rude, but the whole healthy/unhealthy thing is, from a scientific perspective, meaningless bullshit that society has been trying to shove down people's throats in recent years.  




 Going vegetarian for ethical reasons and to protest against what our society is doing nowadays with animals, I can understand. But for weight loss, it's absolutely pointless. If anything, you're making it harder on yourself, because proteins and fats are most easily found in meat/animal food products. In order to lose weight, you need a caloric deficit and a well balanced diet of proteins, carbohydrates, fats and micro nutrients, and where you get those from is largely irrelevant. I applaud you for your weight loss, but you didn't lose weight because you 'went vegetarian', but rather because, like I said, you went on a daily caloric deficit and had a diet that prevented you from being too hungry. 

It's nice to share your achievements as a means of helping others, but it's less nice to try and spread ignorance in the process.  




 If I had to choose between cardio and weight lifting for weight loss, I would choose the latter. In my experience HIIT style training is the absolute best way to lose weight and by far. When I started losing weight, I was just eating a daily caloric deficit and doing heavy compound HIIT training (squats, deadlifts, etc, with high volume and little rest), and no 'traditional' cardio, and I lost over 40 pounds. Now I do cardio, but I do it mainly for - you won't believe it - cardiovascular health, and also because, when you have low body fat, doing cardio on a empty stomach increases your metabolism's free fatty acid utilization rate quite significantly.  




 Define 'fast food'...  




 This depends on many factors. 

Not all foods are digested at the same speed. Not all forms of physical activity use the same sources of energy and at the same rate. For the average person, though, it won't make a huge difference, and if your goal is merely to reduce body fat percentage, it's more important in the long run to slowly but surely reduce daily caloric intake. Sure, though, you are definitely correct in that most people do not have the same energy requirements everyday,  and this is partly why their weight tends to fluctuate from one day to another. But if they consistently eat less, then ultimately they still lose weight as you already know.  




 Yes it does. Not all macro nutrients are processed the same. If you're at an even or negative energy balance, nothing gets stored as adipose tissue. However, composition still matters, because your body needs proteins, fats and either fats or carbohydrates in order to survive. Amino acids are needed for various vital processes, fats are needed for your brain, and either fats or carbohydrates are needed in order for ATP to be produced via the tricarboxylic acid cycle. To that end, the body prefers carbohydrates, but if it has none, it can use free fatty acids via ketosis or transform amino acids into glucose via gluconeogenesis. 

If you're at a positive balance, that's where the fun begins. Excess fats are directly stored in the adipocytes, thereby increasing the production of leptin and other adipokines, making you hungrier over time. Excess carbohydrates are not directly stored obviously, but they still indirectly increase adipose tissue uptake rate of triglycerides, because they are the preferred source of energy. Proteins, on the other hand, do not significantly increase adipose tissue storage, even though the conversion pathway does exist (for example, via gluconeogenesis). However, if you eat lots of dietary proteins, no carbohydrates and little dietary fats, some of the excess proteins will be converted to glucose, like I've said, so the outcome might be the same as eating some carbohydrates, although that's not something I'm 100% sure about and more research needs to be done from what I've read.

Also, when it comes to carbohydrates and proteins, not all sources are equal. 

Firstly, low glycemic load carbohydrate foods will make you feel 'full' longer, since ghrelin, the hormone that makes you hungry, starts being produced once your stomach has been emptied out. Also, high glycemic load foods, particularly those rich in monosaccharide sugars and low in dietary fibers, create a greater insulin response. Combine this with a caloric surplus, and you get a vicious circle of insulin and leptin resistance that makes people fatter and hungrier over time. This is because, like I said, insulin 'drives' nutrients into the system at a faster speed, thereby increasing adipose tissue uptake rate of triglycerides. In turn, since leptin is an adipokine (which means it's produced from adipose tissue), its production is increased; the more leptin is in your body, and the more your body becomes resistant to its effects. In other words, if you're at a positive balance, then the more insulin you have and the more leptin you have as well, and therefore the hungrier you also become as well, and with this you get a full-circle effect that promotes obesity, diabetes and other metabolic diseases. 

Secondly, not all sources of dietary proteins are equal, by far. Animal/meat proteins have an amino acid profile that  is less conductive to the production of the signalling protein Insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) than that of dairy proteins and vice versa. IGF-1 is a signalling protein that does basically the same thing as insulin. Also, animal/meat proteins tend to have a lower glycemic load, since dairy foods also more often contain monosaccharide sugars (such as milk), which promotes a greater insulin response, like I've discussed above.  




 I would not be able to tell you, I have never read this book. It does sound interesting though.  




 The mistake you're making is thinking of it as a 'diet', as something that you must force yourself to do. There is no beginning or restarting. It's a way of living, the way everyone should live. From an evolutionary perspective, we, humans, were not made to be sedentary or to eat a large supply of foods that are extremely rewarding to the brain but devoid of nutritional value. Also, calling it 'eating healthy' is inherently wrong, because it implies that there is something else, that there is such a thing as 'healthy' and 'unhealthy'; there isn't, because nutrients on their own are harmless. It's about being active, having an appropriate caloric intake for your level of activity and making nutrient choices that will keep you hunger free so you can lose weight at a steady pace. There is no doing this 'on and off'. Either you realize that your way of living is wrong and you change it permanently, or you don't and you stay the same person.  




 Check the FAQ/Wiki...  




 Keep your caloric intake the same, but increase your carbohydrate intake IMHO. Carbohydrates are the main nutrient that is correlated with leptin serum production. Leptin is a adipokine (adipose tissue) signalling protein that counters the effects of the endocannabinoid system in the brain, which is made up of different THC-like compounds that increase ghrelin serum production (thereby increasing appetite) and slow down metabolism. This is why a lot of athletes and fitness celebrities who are concerned with body fat percentage cycle their carbohydrate intake. After a long period of caloric and carbohydrate intake restriction, leptin production is lower, making it hard to keep body fat %age low. 

edit : by carbohydrates I mean starchy carbohydrates with a low glycemic load, not sugars.  




 Also, just to clarify, the fat that comes from food takes two forms in the body: free fatty acids and triglycerides. At the end of digestion, dietary fats are converted to free fatty acids, and then used by the metabolism to produce energy. However, if you eat in surplus, excess fats will be converted to triglycerides. Then, because triglycerides aren't water-soluble (meaning they can't travel through the bloodstream), they will be combined with other compounds to form lipoproteins. Lipoproteins will in turn travel through the bloodstream until they reach the fat cells, where the triglycerides will be 'released' and then stored. When you 'burn fat', the opposite happens: the fat cells release triglycerides, which are converted to free fatty acids and then used for energy by the metabolism. So, in short, when I say triglycerides, I simply mean stored fat.  




 A calorie isn't 'just' a calorie. Fats are directly stored as fat, whereas carbohydrates indirectly increase fat storage, because carbs are burned before fat to produce energy, if you eat more calories than you need. So, both fats and carbs will lead to more fat storage if you eat in surplus. On the other hand, some studies show that proteins never get stored as fat, even if you eat in surplus. Does that make sense?  









 A lot of people believe that all calories are the same regardless of nutrient source. But my review of the literature has told me differently. Maybe fats and carbohydrates end up having the same impact on energy balance, but a lot of studies have found in recent years that the pathway for conversion of proteins to triglycerides almost never happens, even while on a fairly large caloric surplus. For example, in a randomized control trial by [Bray et al (2012)](http://jama.jamanetwork.com/article.aspx?articleid=1103993), healthy human subjects didn't undergo a significant increase in adipose tissue uptake rate of triglycerides even though they were on a 1000 calorie surplus from dietary proteins. I'm not saying the pathway doesn't exist. For example, certain amino acids can be converted to glucose via gluconeogenesis (the process by which proteins are converted to carbohydrates), and then to triglycerides, but in reality this never happens. Most excess proteins actually seem to be excreted out as urea in the urea cycle via the body's main metabolic pathway.  









 The LDL cholesterol, due to its low density, can 'crawl' underneath the blood vessels and, over time, block arteries. On the other hand, the HDL cholesterol is too big to crawl underneath anything, it just floats its way through the bloodstream and pick up the LDL cholesterol along the way.  




 What supplements do you guys use for blood pressure and cholesterol when on cycle? I know of red yeast rice, sytrinol and Co-enzyme Q10.  









 My job of choice is teaching, but I secretly dream of one day making it big into the competitive bodybuilding scene. Training and eating all day every day for a living would be a hell of a lifestyle, I mean it's already what I do but getting paid for it would be a dream come true.  




 IMO it's Elite Tauren Chieftain. It's seldom seen, yet it's arguably one of the most versatile legendary cards in the game. Also, it can quickly turn into either one of the best or one of the most useless cards in the game based on the power chord it gives you and what that power chord gives you.  




 Yeah I've noticed that more girls seem to want that than guys. My university's Faculty of Education is 95% girls... I'm literally the only guy in half of my classes.  









 I have been posting everyday since day 1, I think. I'm 21 year old, I live in Montreal, Canada. I'm currently studying, having recently completed the first year of my double major in Education and Biochemistry. In the future, I would also like to study Pharmacology if I have the time, as I took a Drug Action course in my first semester and it was one of the most interesting ones I ever had. I plan on becoming either a language or science teacher... I could teach French, English, Spanish, or some generic Science class. In all cases, whatever my day job ends up being, I hope it allows me to travel and see the world! 




 I only feel slightly nauseous because of how insanely difficult it actually is. And I don't know why it happened, but I was properly fed, hydrated and rested, so I didn't feel like I was endangering myself.  




 Good luck to you, friend... I managed to get rid of sugar rich foods completely, but it was hard, especially the first month... Then it got easier and now I'm mostly craving free! So it's definitely possible, but prepare to be head strong! No easy way out in life!! 




 This is just basic science. When you are at either caloric maintenance or deficit, all the nutrients get used in the main metabolic pathway in order to produce ATP. But if you eat in surplus, what happens? The excess nutrients get stored as triglycerides in adipose tissue, causing fat cells to grow and, eventually, proliferate. You don't need a source for such a common fact.  




 Doesn't matter where you're at in your journey, simply seeing progress in the mirror is the best reward IMO.  




 When I was younger I used to ask myself 'what happens to the fat cells once you lose the fat?'

Later I learned, the adipocytes (fat cells) never go away, they just shrink down. In fact, white adipocytes will grow 4 times their original size, and then they will divide and the absolute number in your body will be permanently increased. 

I was talking about this with one of my instructors the other day. He said, not only are shrinked down cells waiting to be filled back up (meaning it's easier to re-gain the lost fat), but also, the more fat cells you have, and the more adipokines your body produces, even if those cells are shrinked down to the smallest size. Adipokines are basically hormones made by your body from adipose tissue (stored fat), such as leptin.

This means that, even if you become very fit, once you've been fat, the way your body works is changed forever... 

One more motivation to make sure my future children never go through what I did. 

 




 Actually, if you want your abs to be extremely visible, you simply need to have a low body fat (10% for men, 15-17% for women) and then to slowly reduce your water and sodium intakes over multiple days.  




 Looking at myself in the mirror every morning, what I see is the best reward. No need for anything else.  




 I don't know how people find such foods tasty to be honest. Personally, I find donuts and other sugar rich products disgusting to eat. Just too much sugar.  




 The problem with 'putting your life on pause until you've attained your desired look' is, once said look is in fact attained, you often find yourself getting back to reality with the exact same life issues as when you were overweight. I am speaking from personal experience. Going for unhealthy/obese to aesthetic looking is no doubt a life-changing thing, but it doesn't solve everything. Don't put your life on hold for weight loss, instead, make it a part of your life.  




 I buy it from a 'natural products' supermarket near where I live. Some of the things they have are healthy, some sadly aren't, and they have some products that are expensive and which you can also find for cheaper at a regular supermarket, but this 'sugar' isn't one of them... I haven't found this anywhere else except on the internet. Some specialized websites sell it. Basically, it's made by adding extract from Monk Fruits (a fruit that grows in Southern China, also known as luo han guo) to a sugar polyalcohol known as (2R,3S)-butane-1,2,3,4-tetraol. You can buy both of these things individually online.  




 Today I've been on a high carb, high protein low fat diet. My muscles have been very flat for multiple days of no carbs in a row and I'm trying to get some fullness back. 

Today's diet looked like this:

Post fasted morning cardio meal:

 640 calorie homemade chocolate pancakes, made with oats, low sodium low fat cottage cheese, chocolate flavoured soybean protein powder, and egg whites

Mid workout meal: 300 calorie protein bar, 30p 30c (10 fibers), 6f

Post-workout meal:

700 calories, extra lean ground chicken, scallops, yam with some spinach and asparagus

Chocolate pancakes using this recipe are definitely one of my favorite foods, it's healthy, tasty and filling. Rich in fibers, low in fat, high in proteins and carbs. I also like to eat them with Lakanto on top; Lakanto means 'sweet plant' in Japanese and is a sugar alternative that contains 0 calories. 
 




 This is also one of the upsides of living an active lifestyle. If you train hard everyday, your TDEE becomes so high and your metabolism so much more efficient that you can eat a lot more and a lot more variety for the same weight loss outcome. But becoming healthy is very much a double edged sword, because the deeper you engulf yourself into a healthy lifestyle, and the more you also become alienated from society as you come to realize that most people, unlike you, are unhealthy and ignorant. It took me many years to overcome the other edge of that sword... When I was younger, I used to be extremely arrogant and to look down on other people, whom I used to refer to as 'laypeople'. But over time, I've learned to think and care less, because you can't live a life in which you hate everyone around you, it's a foolproof way to become depressed and isolated, which is what you were trying to overcome by becoming healthier to begin with.  




 Amazing! I feel the same way as you. When I was overweight, I felt depressed, hopeless, future-less... But as my life became healthier and my body changed, I started becoming increasingly happier. Maybe there's something wrong about correlating your happiness and sense of self worth to your physical appearance, but at least we're happy and that'll always be better than feeling like crap when you look at yourself in the mirror. 




 I think at some point you just have to be strong and tell yourself 'this is where it ends!'

Many years ago, I decided to completely stop eating processed foods that are rich in sugar. And the first drastic step I took back then was to remove all such foods from my house. But even then, it was hard. For the first month, I would constantly walk around the house, desperately looking for something that I might have forgotten to get rid of. I used to refer to this month of my life as 'the month of great darkness'. But then something amazing happened: the cravings went away completely. I was genuinely satisfied with meat and starchy vegetables. And the desire to eat sugar rich foods never came back and I've been steadily losing weight ever since. So the thing you have to get from this is, changing your diet takes time, and you have to be patient. It's definitely going to be one of the hardest things and you're going to suffer, or at least I did. But in the long run it will be worth it... seeing your body change before your eyes is one of the greatest feelings I have ever experienced.  




 I am pretty much in your situation. Was obese as a teen, now I'm at 12-13% and trying to get down to 10%. I tend to avoid fruits and get my micro nutrients from starchy vegetables and multivitamin supplements instead. The main reasons for this is because I don't find that fruits fill me up that much, even the fiber rich ones, and also because anything that contains simple sugars is very more ish for me. I've been using Ephedrine, caffeine citrate and austinine's weight loss supplement stack along with fasted cardio to cut down. I've tried Clenbuterol for a while, but the side effects became a pain in the arse after a while.  Diet wise, I alternate between high protein low fat high carb and high protein low fat low carb days because I like alternating between the more 'full' and the more 'ripped' looks.  




 All true.  




 Yep, I'm pretty sure that's the main reason this works.  




 For me, it takes about 20 hours a week, which is not a lot of time really. I prep all my meals for the weeks on Sunday, which takes about 3 hours. I usually do an hour to an hour and twenty minutes of weight lifting, and 40 min of cardio daily, 7 days of week. 7 x 2 = 14 hours. Add to that the 20 min of bicycle that it takes me to get to the gym and back, and the 10 min that it takes me to take a shower and change clothes. 7 x 0.5 = 3.5 hours. 14 + 3 + 3.5 = 20.5 hours but sometimes I take a day off so it takes 20 hours of my week on average, which is not a whole lot.   




 Has anybody else been having success with this? I've been doing this for a while, and it seems to work.

Whenever I'm not satisfied with how vascular I look, I keep my caloric intake constant while dropping my carb intake, from something to 40% proteins 40% carbs 20% fats to 70-75% proteins 5-10% carbs 20% fats over a couple days. And when I find that my muscles have become too 'flat', I increase back in carb intake. This is only anecdotal evidence, but I find that I usually get the best mix of size and vascularity when I increase to around 50/30/20% up from 5-10% carbs.  




 Hard to say if you're doing something wrong based on the information you're providing, but even if you're on the deficit that you say you are, weight loss takes time. This is only anecdotal evidence, but for me, it comes in peaks. I'll be at the same weight for a couple weeks in a row despite being on a deficit every single day and then after a 2-3 weeks, boom, I'll have dropped a pound. I'm at a fairly low body fat too, so it might be more than just a pound for you. In all cases, be patient.  









 Explain your situation to her. She's your mom after all, so she should understand.

Also, you can buy a small portable food scale.  




 The number of calories that you actually ingest is probably insignificant, especially since fruits are not very caloric to begin with...  




 Well, they contain literally nothing but sugar. For example, Wendy's Small Honest Tropical Green Tea contains 60 calories, 100% of which come from sugar, since it contains 15g of it. Imagine taking a large spoon, putting 15g of table sugar in it and eating that table sugar... There you go, you just drank Wendy's Small Honest Tropical Green Tea.  




 How much of a daily caloric deficit you can sustain without losing muscle class depends on your body fat %age. If you are at 20% or more, you can easily sustain a 800 or even 1000 caloric deficit without any downsides. The 'lack of energy' that you're experiencing is more likely to be due to poor nutrient choices. If you eat meals that are satisfying to eat, and that are rich in fibers, in proteins and in low GI carbohydrates throughout the day, there should be no such thing IMO.  




 I don't think you realize how complex this is. You cannot answer that question based on caloric intake alone, like I said. Generally, though, I think you should eat more on the days that you are more physically active, and less on the days you are less active. Besides that, the research on meal timing is controversial... there is no definitive answer like you're looking for.  




 You don't 'lose the discipline to stop eating'. I mean, sure, the absence of inhibition might play a role, but what mainly happens is that it lowers blood sugar level, causing you to want to eat more, even though no energy is actually being produced, since ethanol is empty of nutrients. This is generally why nights of going out and drinking are concluded at McDonalds. If you take into account that it increases adipose tissue uptake rate of triglycerides (since the enzymes responsible for breaking down food are busy breaking down ethanol instead), and also that when people drink they generally end up being at a positive energy balance in the process, you can easily see how people who drink at all are generally fatter than those who don't. Alcohol is definitely harmful to the body and has no conclusive health benefits even in small quantities, and so it should be avoided altogether, IMO. It's especially horrible for athletes and physically active individuals, since it also disrupts natural synthesis of various muscle-building hormones (testosterone, growth hormone, etc) and causes dehydration.  




 That question is impossible to answer based on the information you're providing. Nutrient utilization depends on your when you're eating what versus your metabolic needs at various moments throughout the day. Not all nutrients will be digested at the same speed, and not all nutrients will be used and stored as fat the same way either. If you eat 400 calories right after exercising, those calories will not be treated by your body the same way than if you're eating them right before going to bed and after a day of being inactive. Similarly, if you eat 400 calories of fast-digesting carbohydrates, those calories will definitely not be treated the same way than if you're eating 400 calories of meat. 




 Eat them post-workout. Simple sugars are normally digested extremely quickly, meaning they create a greater insulin response, causing them to be 'driven' into your system at an extremely fast rate. Since your body can only use up so much at once, a big percentage of them cannot be used by the body to produce ATP, and is instead stored as fat. However, post-workout there is something that happens and which is known as the post-exercise insulin effect; your body, in order to recover, needs more energy than usual, and so creating an insulin response that is greater than usual is actually beneficial. This is why I personally never eat sugar except post-workout.  




 It's called excess post-exercise oxygen consumption, also coloquially known as *the afterburn effect*. 

Basically, in order to recover from exercise, your body uses up a lot of oxygen, which causes you to end up being at an 'oxygen deficit'. In order to make up for that deficit, your body must performs many physiological processes, all of which require Adenonine triphosphate (ATP), the body's intracellular unit of energy, or in other words, what allows humans to live. How is ATP produced? Via the body's main metabolic pathway, the tricarboxylic acid cycle (TCA). As the nutrients (proteins, carbs, fats) that you ingest are transformed in the TCA, a transport chain of electrons is created, and the final result of that chain is ATP.  

When you exercise, your body heats up. This is simply because, when your exercise, more ATP needs to be produced in order to keep you alive. Because ATP is being produced at a fast rate, the mitochondria of the cells heat up, causing an increase in body temperature. This leads to a full-circle effect that causes the body to burn nutrients at a faster than normal rate, because more ATP is also needed in order to release the extra heat as sweat so that thermal homeostatis can be maintained. 

This also happens post-workout... All the processes that the body must undergo in order to 'replenish' oxygen require more ATP as well, causing the body to use up nutrients at a faster than normal rate. 

What does this mean, simply put? Anaerobic exercise (short-term high intensity exercise) causes your metabolism to burn calories at a faster than normal rate, both during and **after** exercise. In fact, studies have found that athletes tend to burn calories faster for up to 48 hours after anaerobic exercise, and that the magnitude and length of the effect seem to be positively correlated with the duration and intensity of the exercise. This explains why HIIT style training might be the best form of exercise for weight loss. 

This is also why I personally perform compound weight lifting exercises everyday. Compound exercises are simply ones that involve many muscle groups at once, such as deadlifts, squats and clean   presses. As I've explained, they will cause a significant metabolic increase both during and many hours after workout. Also, over time and with proper nutrition, they will cause an increase in muscular tissue, which increases metabolism as well, simply because ATP is needed to create and maintain muscular tissue, and therefore, the more tissue you have and the more ATP you need in order to survive. 

 If you perform compound weight lifting exercises daily, you are burning calories at a faster than normal rate literally all of the time, even when you are sleeping. 

 


 




 Well I didn't stop. Just went to my locker and had a snack. :p 




 Today was back/arms/hamstrings/calves/abs day. I usually only hit back and arms, but I missed a leg day this week, so I had to make up for it. I did the following:

Barbell deadlifts 5x8
 
Leg presses for hamstrings 4x12 

Stiff leg deadlifts 4x10

Smith machine calf presses 4x10

Sitting calf presses 4x10, squeezing hard at the top

This was the first part. Then I had one small workout meal, 300 calories, 20g proteins, 35g carbs, 10g fat. Then I went for part 2:

Weighted pullups 1x10 and 3x7, making sure I keep the form strict

Close arm bench rows 4x10

Concentration curls 4x10 per arm

Strict barbell curls 4x8

Weighted decline situps 3x10

Weighted hanging leg raises 3x12

20 min of elleptical machine

20 min of Stairmaster machine

Then I had a 600 calorie meal:

Lean ground beef for the proteins and fat, salmon for the proteins, fat and omega-3, yam for the starches, 2 medium bananas for the potassium and the post-workout insulin spike.












 




 Also, Etho. His channel is one of the most family friendly ones I've ever watched. I've never heard him swear or say a single obscenity, and I've been watching him since the begining.  









 I'm not the OP, but no need for cheat meals. You can count your calories and eat meals that are healty, filling and still very tasty. No need for things like pizza, ice cream, chocolate bars, etc., when there are so many things that are healthier and just as satisfying to eat. You can also use 0 calorie sugar and salt (in moderation) to season your meals.  




 Thank you!  




 Woke up 1 lb lighter today, down to 179 from 180. I am getting super lean and closer to 10%. I took a day off from both morning cardio and weight lifting yesterday, but I kept my caloric intake very low, avoided high GI and high sodium foods and have been scaling down my water intake over the last couple days, which has helped tremendously. For me, the pain of not giving in to my food urges is far outweighed by the feeling I get when I look at myself in the mirror when I wake up and get to see not only how lean and vascular I am, but also, most importantly, how incredibly far I am from my fat and depressed teenager days. Pizza and ice cream used to be my favorite 'cheat meals', and today I haven't had either in exactly 7 months; I know because I've marked down every single day on a calendar. I am going to attend my first Physique show ever in November, and I'm already hyped up for that. At the age of 22 (I'm currently 21), it's going to be my first time ever on a stage. I am sooooo excited!  




 This will be 100% automatic as long as you have bonemeal. Change your mouse button to a keybind, and put something heavy on it. It's now fully automatic.  




 Yeah I know one day means nothing in the long run. But I was fat throughout all of my childhood, so now I have this irrational fear that I'll lose my muscle mass and that my abs will get replaced by a belly whenever I don't exercise. I know it's merely psychological, but it takes a huge toll on me at times, like today.  




 It doesn't matter. Yes the Wither will lose focus on the Iron Golem and Villager, but if there are no other mobs when the chunk loads, he will instantly gain focus of them again.  




 Today was a shitty day... Had sleeping problems last night, ended up sleeping only 6 hours, couldn't train because I felt too tired. I kept my caloric and carb intakes low. Had 3 small 500 calorie meals throughout the day. Blueberries with 1 egg and some liquid egg white in the morning, extra lean ground chicken with red beans, raw almonds and broccoli for dinner, and some salmon with asparagus for supper.  




 This was built on my friend's private vanilla server. I was AFK there for multiple hours, and assuming no mob spawns or walks into the area, it will never break. 

Here are the designs used:

1. [Tree compressor](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FoBPh7Sz8WU)

2. [Wither cage](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqYa--dJMYA)

The double chest of wood represents about 2 hours of being AFK at the farm.  














 I don't think it's within my grasp to help you, as there is so much to say... You need to do your own research. But what I can tell you is that it's not just a matter of being weak minded. There is an hormone in your body known as leptin and of which the main purpose is to suppress appetite. That hormone, however, is produced by your body's fat cells and so, the more fat you have, the more leptin is produced by your body. When you produce too much leptin, your body becomes leptin resistant, meaning it no longer suppresses your appetite as well as it does in physiologically normal individuals. You might have accumulated so much adipose tissue that it's become physically impossible for you properly control your urge to ingest foods. So, if I was you, I would seek medical help. This is not something that you can solve simply by being 'strong minded'. That's just my humble opinion, though, and I am no doctor.  




 I don't eat that kind of food... But that's because I would rather suffer mentally from not eating a pizza than experience a slight outburst of satisfaction from eating it that would be instantly followed by days of mental pain from the guilt of having deviated from my target caloric intake... Not saying it's healthy for the mind, but if you want to accomplish things that others don't, you need to be prepared to make sacrifices that others won't. No easy way out in life! 









 Nice! Can't wait to see it! 




 Blackrock Foundry, Blackrock Mountain, etc., yes. :P 




 This one is pretty much flawless, in that it doesn't miss any leaves. The only thing that you could improve at this point and that I can think of is speed, in other words making it even faster, if that's possible. I could be wrong though.  




 I tried with both obsidian and furnaces, but it doesn't work, the logs get pushed into another direction and end up messing up some redstone and/or pistons.  




 [There you go.](http://www.filedropper.com/withertestworld)

I copied the whole thing from the original world with MCedit and put it into a test world, otherwise it would take forever to download. Also, I made a small mistake in my explanation, it's the bottom layer of pistons that needs to be removed, not the top one, because I previously lowered the entire Wither cage by one block, and now the top layer does get destroyed by the Wither, but not the bottom one.  




 I recalled right after posting this, too bad you can't edit the title.  




 They would be. Basically, I just don't know how to convert it from 9 to 6 without messing up all the pistons.  




 [Here's some more pictures.](http://imgur.com/a/DXD2E)

Does this help? 




 It's far from finished. I've just done the entrance and the first room. But I will release it eventually when it's complete enough to my taste.  




 Bad things.  




 I don't know if you guys can see what's going on here, but basically, this contraption compresses the wood logs into a '3x3' shape. This is problematic because the Wither doesn't destroy the upper layer, and this layer causes to block the Wither's view of the Iron Golem, thus breaking the Wither 'cage'. I'm trying to modify this contraption so that this 3x3 box becomes a 2x3 one without the top layer.  














 I managed to do 10 strict form weighted pullups today! I was never able to do that many when on a caloric deficit in the past! Guess I somehow got stronger!! 




 lol that attention mistake though...  




 For oak trees, the ceiling above the dirt block where the trees grow is lowered using a piston and a slime block. For acacia trees, the compression system simply goes off twice, getting rid of the odd block it misses on the first time when it activates again.  









 The problem with losing weight rapidly is you spend a LOT of money on clothes haha! I feel you. It's a good feeling though.  




 Awesome! 









 Sure, I'd love to join! I'm from Canada (Quebec). I'm 21 year old. My weight loss journey started about 6 years ago. I started at 250lb, and I am currently at 180 with 12-13% body fat. My goal is to lose another 5 pounds and get to 10% while maintaining muscular mass and strength as much as possible.  




 Yes, indeed, it continues to work as a stimulant even after the appetite suppressing effects go away in my experience, and it might also have slight metabolic boosting effects, however minimal they are.  




 I don't know if you guys know this, but there's a fruit that grows in Southern China and which is known as *Siraitia grosvenorii*. If you add extract from that fruit to a carbohydrate derivative known as D-threitol or (2R,3S)-butane-1,2,3,4-tetraol (which can be purchased from various research chemical websites), the result is a beige grain-ish substance that looks and tastes very much like sugar but contains almost literally 0 calories, only polyhydric alcohol, which contains about 0.1 calories per gram. You can use that substance in recipes that demand sugar, any desert, protein cake, etc.

(2R,3S)-butane-1,2,3,4-tetraol is basically a sugar that is found in certain foods (such as pears) and then fermented in corn using a technique known as enzymatic hydrolysis, in which molecule bonds are cleaved with the help of oxygen and hydrogen. 

I use this substance combined with pure carob powder and chocolate pea protein powder to make a chocolate cake that contains as little as 130 calories per serving. You can also add oats to get something that is low in calories and fats, and rich in proteins and dietary fibers, thus making it extremely filling and rewarding to eat. You can also make a LOT of other things with it, since it's basically a sugar substitute. 




 This is actually true. It's not been demonstrated that well in humans, but in gorillas, when one male is about to replace the current silverback and become one himself, he usually experiences a drastic increase in testosterone that both influences and is influenced by his body posture and behavior. 

For example, [check this study](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/9294641). 




 Yeah, I could easily go the drug route, but I'm still young (21), and I want to prove to myself that I can do it all naturally before I start using any body enhancement methods. And yes, I will further reduce my caloric intake slightly in the near future to see what it does.  




 Hey, thanks for the reply! Yeah, I will definitely cut down my water intake when I prepare for my first posing comp, that might just do it. I'm also already using EC, in fact I have been for a while, and it doesn't really affect my appetite anymore but I'm still using it for the presumed metabolic effects based on the scientific literature I've read. I've also used Clenbuterol HCL for a while, but it didn't seem to do that much of a difference and the side effects were rather harsh for me, so I stopped.  




 When I started my journey, I was 15 year old and at about 30% body fat (as confirmed by my family doctor at the time). 6 years later, I'm at about 12-13% (I know because my abs are fairly visible) and trying to lose the last 2-3% that I need in order to get to 10%, but it's so hard. I've been exercising 7 days a week, lifting weights 5 days, doing 40 min of fasted morning cardio daily, keeping a daily 700 calorie deficit, keeping my carbohydrate intake low most of the time... And yet, those last few bits of fat just don't seem to want to go away. 

I know it's going to happen someday, even naturally, but it's so hard, and I'm finding it hard to remain motivated lately... Wondering if I'm ever going to reach my goal? Over the years I've learned that what can be one of your worst enemies is doubt -  doubting yourself even though there's a part of you that knows very well you're doing everything right and that all that's left to do is being patient.

Those of you who finally reached the magic fully-visible-abs number of 10, how did you finally get there? How was your journey? I would love to hear some motivational stories right now.  







































 Just received a free sample (2g) of this from a company based in Eastern Europe that I often order from.

It's labelled as follows: *Yellow Horned Poppy Extract, 98.9%. Pain relieving supplement that lowers blood pressure and produces mild hallucinogenic effects*

Couldn't find much information on Google. Not sure if I want to try this. 
 














 This might seem like common knowledge, but in all these years I had never realized that the 'lying End of Ender' texture was an integral part of the block itself, and not an addition on top of the block. In other words, End Portal blocks are 7/8th of regular blocks until right clicked with an Eye of Ender.  









 Does such a command exist?  









 Actually, if you have really low body fat (sub 15% for guys, sub 20% for girls), doing fasted cardio might help you get rid of the 'stubborn fat', but otherwise, nope, there isn't.  




 Fasted cardio if you have low (sub 15%) adipose tissue, regular post-workout cardio for everybody else IMO. This is due to the reduced effectiveness of fatty acid metabolism and higher substrate utilization in highly trained, low-adipose tissue athletes. When you have little stored fat, your body becomes less 'lenient' to release its own fat as free fatty acids in order to produce ATP, but in a low-insulin   low-glucose environment, it has no other choice than to do so. Also, in some studies that I've seen, high endurance sports athletes (such as runners) are actually shown to have improved fatty acid metabolism in a low glucose environment, but this has never been shown to be the case in laypeople, even though there is some evidence that it does promote fatty acid metabolism in general.  




 Whoa man, this got deep quickly.  




 Also, this post is tagged as Creative but you can totally do this in Survival mode!  




 Possibly, but I prefer using fire because the smoke that emanates from underneath the cauldron as a result makes it look like the water is being heated up.  




 In my experience, it's theoretically impossible to get to this point because a) after a while, the effects just become so intense that you don't feel the need to ingest any more, and b) because, after a while, it just stops having an effect altogether, no matter how much you ingest, and you just have to wait a while before using it again.  




 I placed a Netherrack block underneath the cauldron, lit it up with a flint and steel, then placed a cauldron above. Then I filled it with water using a bucket, and emptied half of its content using a glass bottle.  




 Yes, and they have surprisingly low neurotoxicity, lower than that of ethanol and antidepressants. The LD50 is 3 times that of caffeine in healthy rodents!    




 I have a family relative who lives in a small South American town where they are grown naturally and used as part of the daily spiritual life by the natives who live in the area. He has access to a fairly large supply of various mushroom species and often sends me some. It takes a trained eye to spot the psychadelic ones in the wilderness, though, because psilocybin mushrooms are part of a huge family of mushrooms not all of which are comestible let alone psychoactive.  




 Nope, strangely enough, I've never had any gym-related hallucinations, which is a tad disappointing. I can't wait for the day it will finally happen!  




 I don't like alcohol, because it's empty calories, and I hate to have to reduce my caloric intake throughout the day just because I plan to be drinking down a 600 calories of alcohol at night. Also, alcohol dehydrates, reduces the production of various muscle-building hormones, increases fat storage, and lowers blood sugar level.

I don't like THC either, because, although it's not nearly as bad for your health as alcohol, it makes me hungry. This makes sense, because it mimics the effects of the endocannabinoid system in the brain, which is far from optimal when I'm either cutting or lean bulking (which I'm doing all year long). 

On the other hand, psilocybin mushrooms contain nearly no calories, are actually packed with certain vitamins, don't affect my physical health or make me want to ingest food, and I've always had vastly pleasurable psychadelic experiences using them, even with low doses. Also, while they don't take away hunger, I usually don't feel the need to eat while using them, because I'm too busy observing the world around me and feeling weirdly pleasurable sensations throughout my body. And it's always better than stimulant drugs, which, while they do take care of hunger, can also have a plethora of adverse effects at high doses, such as heart palpitations, tremors, and the inability to fall asleep at night. 

With psilocybin, I've never had any such things. The visual experience is always positive, and slowly fades away progressively, leaving me with a profound sense of well-being and inspiring hope as it does. 




























































 









