 You know what would be really great ? A mobile app you can snap a picture of any car in a handicap spot or firelane, and submit to traffic enforcement for some sort of automatic violation.    I'm in some wealthy burbs, I park my car out and walk even when I was wearing a boot on my leg, and inevitably there's be some self important asshole parked in the firelane to drop off their cleaning, get groceries,  handicap spots too - they don't care.  THey're more important than everyone else.  




 well those probably aren't the *only* things you'll need or want, but they're definitely on my "don't forget" list 




 that's a great idea! 




 livetatas 




 ok, so basically it's another clearance channel ... I'm used to those and know how to shop accordingly. 'preciate the education !  




 I wear lenses, so I buy them on a regular basis.  They're just empty used ones.  I'm also saving some larger bottles (travel sized soaking solution bottles) for use.   They're all quite good at dispensing indivdiual drops, and very leak proof ... more so than the "drop dispensers" I've seen for sale.  

If you don't wear lenses, you can buy these drops in any drugstore or box store,  and you get to buy the cheapest since you won't actually be using the solution.  




 Now watch closely as OP's joke mysteriously levetates to the front page. 




 wha, little tobasco in the eyes never hurt anyone ;) 

but seriously, is this a useful tip? I was really excited when I discovered it - i can now take just what I need and save a bit  more size and weight.  For me I guess it's more  important because of the way I pack, I need to keep my 10 essentials and my hygiene size to a minimum, I like smaller packs.  




 hmmm, if you end up not being able to find one there may be help in /r/myog building your own.  I would imagine a rain poncho is a pretty easy myo project.  




 Is steap and cheap always a "safe bet" in terms of a deal or do you need to do your homework first like with Massdrop ?  




 After my last trip I pulled an AAR on myself and started lookiing through what I didn't use, what I brought back in leftovers etc and realized that sometimes even 2oz of something is just way too much.  I like to bring Bronners and Tobasco with me, but I just need literally a few drops a day and [those tiny lense rewetting drop bottles are the perfect container](http://i.imgur.com/aOrCtkx.jpg).  

 




 The Infantry has a way of ruining outdoor recreation for sure.   And then my dubmass hiked for years (civilian hiking) with a fucking e-tool and like 12 pounds of water because I thought that's how you hike.  LoL. 




 yeah, I'd imagine call for fire quickly became "assholes 500 meters out, 120 degrees, light 'em up" 




 Make sure you have the ten essentials, including spare batteries for  your flashlight, and I'd brush up on the map reading skill ahead of time as well.  Primitive camping as in no stove ? Bring at least two different sources of fire. I bring a lighter (it's easy) and a magbar/flint strip (not as easy, but guaranteed to work).  Some firestarter cubes would also probably be very useful.

if you're going on your  own, leave a trip plan with the family and check in with them on predefined basis ("I"m still alive" calls)  




 Next time, setup close to the house.  You'll probably still hear a bit of the "normal" sounds you're used to, maybe a tv running quietly at night, or pipes pinging, whatever.  You'll also psychologically feel safer being closer to home.  In other words, try to reduce the amount of change so that really the only thing that has changed is you're on the wrong side of the wall.   Then once you're comfortable with that you can venture out a bit further.

Remember too that with actual backpacking, you're typically pretty darned tired by the time you get to rack up ... I hit that hay and I'm dead asleep 




 I started  hiking like I was still in the Infantry, never understood why I didn't enjoy it as much as I thought I should.  Enjoyment factor up 500% when I bought newer lighter gear  and stopped packing for World Domination.   




 yeah, I would imagine that there's a very real possibility of waking up to a mauled kayak that won't float.   




 I guess I could understand that. I personally preferring eating over fishing ...  




 /r/creepy 




 That's what the punchbowl is for.  And by punchbowl I mean beer.   And by beer I mean whiskey.  




 oh dude, for the type of trip you're going on, you don't even know.  Foods the best part.  It *all tastes better* when camping.   




  Just be sure to get right back on that wagon and avoid whatever (or whoever) is providing you with the opportunity for that "just one" before it turns into more.   I'm 3 days on the wagon after falling off big time for a month, I'll tell you it's never easy stepping on that bus, but it's definitely easier the second time round than the first. 




 odd.  no cold medicines or stimulants ?  maybe it's actually just the exercise.  Perhaps if it happens again you may want to ask over in /r/running.   




 coffee used to be a HUGE trigger for me, but no longer.  I still can't drink much at all without cravings, so I stay away from that as much as possible too.  

Sometimes you have to kind of improve everything at once, like a giant karmic clean sweap. Start exercising, eating better.  It all ends up going hand in hand for me.  Good luck. 
 




 I  have to constantly brainwash myself into being the most rabid antismoking dick on the planet, because my fucking brain is constantly trying to tell me how nice it is.   I  have a bud around the corner from me, can't see him for a while since I put them down again.  He gets it, not offended.   I have to have it out of site and out of mind.   

Maybe if your roomate is cool and supportive he wouldn't mind stepping out instead, or something else so it's at least not like right.there. infront of you.  




 Heat definitely impacts your running performance.  Regarding the palpatations ... do you by chance drink alot of coffee ?  




 that's one way to interpret that wording.  Given the other multiple references to "natural" I don't think that's necessarily the correct interpretation though, but it is a rather slippery written article 




 that *is* interesting as fuck.  The enlargement viewer is mildly infuriating though.  




 I'll admit, it was pretty nice.  And considering it was a blizzard (we're fools) we had the entire park to ourselves. Yeah, it was pretty nice.  




 Let me just go ahead and add "buying intravenous fluids on Ebay" to my list of things not to do.  




 oh god, THAT.  




 I find it contempuous that the judge would threaten him with contempt for displaying his contempt for jury duty. 




 I think the "three years" reference means she may have been at the school for three years, as in "wtf, I've been here for three years and all of a sudden they're bitching about my hair".   




 [Relevant] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7Q1CaPHx90) 




 TIL: I could be a doctor in Mexico.  But then, so could my Terrier.  




 wow, that's not only pretty fast charging time, but seems like you're getting really good mileage about of your battery too.  




 oh yay, first Snake House reference I've seen on Reddit.  And yep, your approach is *exactly* the one I had in mind.  "Oh hello, home owners insurance company ? Yes, my house burnt to the ground.  And also it was infested with snakes".  




 You may have a bit more luck posting this to /r/Maryland or even /r/Camping, just since Assateague is pretty far from Baltimore. Enjoy your trip. 




  they need increased legal protection by engaging in a work slowdown.

Gotcha.   Do you think it *really* boils down to legal  protections though? The LEO BoR and qualified immunity doesn't cut it anymore ?  




 oh bro, that's the best kinda backpacking trip.  Just some slow easy hiking, lots of goofing around.  Every play frisbee in the woods ? It's like frisbee pool. 

PB J tortillas sounds pretty awesome.  Oatmeal for breakfast is great.  What kind of food do you like ? If you don't mind buying prepackaged food from the grocery store there's all SORTSA of stuff you can take... I've seen instant rice dishes that you just boil up, there's hamburger helper type stuff that you can just leave the meat out of.  I've seen pouched indian food that only needs to be heated (and they're awesome too). 

I'm a big fan of the tuna salad that comes  in the foil pouches.   It's actually pretty decent and doesn't need to be refrigerated.  Also, like some salami and a block of cheese and some crackers can be pretty awesome.  It's really all about what you like and your imagination.  Just keep it light weight since you have to carry it.  Try not to bring too many foods that already have a lot of water in them, like fresh fruit, apple sauce cups, stuff like that since they get soo heavy.   There's also /r/trailmeals for more inspiration. enjoy !   




 Workers rights ? Could you expand on that?   I see this more as a policy issue.    




 There's a reason for the adage "don't go into business with family or friends".  /u/NinjaCoder's right.  Just walk away.   




 So, I was getting ready to offer some advice when I go to the final paragraph. Don't know what the fuck that's all about. 




 I'll be damned.  Downvoting my own comments to upvote yours.  




 I do know of a local handyman service that charges 65 an hour.  I haven't used them, but a friend did and recommended them to me.  I'm considering using them for some work but 65 an hour seems a bit high ... I don't know ... is that reasonable ?  




 also OP, if you're in Wild Lake I have plenty of tools to lend on Neighborgoods.net. Lend, not rent, as in free just please be neighborly and take care of them.  




 oh that's good to know, thx!  9 yds is a good bit, but at least they don't like require a bolt at a time. 




 It depends on the trip goals.   Last trip I took, I was shooting to do a 4 day trip in 3 days, and really out to train more than anything else.  Solo hiking, decent cool weather, my goal was mileage so I tended to eat on the move only cooking oatmeal and coffee for breakfast.  Dinner wasn't necessary, I'd constantly hit high protein stuff while I was hiking.  

I brought mountain houses, never fired 'em up.   Didn't bother making a "lunch" as I was constantly noshing anyway, so everytime I stopped to filter I would grab some new food, throw it in the pants pocket. 

On the way I met folks who were doing the whole trip in one day; they literally just had cliff bags and water and literally never stopped moving. 

OTHERS were there to chill, play in the woods and would bring lots of food and goodies ... so it all depends on what you wanna do.    




 Oh you know, dress like a zombie, go golfing every day.  

Note to self-  don't spook the kids; they can't take a joke.  




 This sub appears to be [very against whole life] (http://www.reddit.com/r/investing/search?q=whole+life+insurance sort=relevance t=all) policies 




 /r/investing
 




 If you've never gone camping, or basically you just want to spend a few nights out having fun this summer and aren't sure if this would be a recurring hobby for you, than I'd suggest you consider going car camping instead of backpacking, and saving a TON of money on new gear.  The new backpacking gear is really nice stuff, but it's pricey, and alot of that price is paying for lightweight materials that don't weigh much and pack up small ... neither of which is a concern if you just want to go car camping and get some fishing in living in the woods for a few days.  

In the dead of summer around Washington DC you don't need much at all to go car camping. You pack up whatever you have at home, throw it in the car, drive up to your camp site and pitch camp.

-Something to keep rain off you while you sleep should it rain.  This could be a tent rent from school, and in the summer months REI and other stores may rent them.  Or it could just be a tarp you tie between trees, or a cheap nylon hammock.  I've spent many a summer night sleeping directly on the ground when I was a young man. Even when we had "tents" they were really just rain ponchos that we would tie together and improvise into shelter. 

- Something to lay on while you sleep.  This could be a 200 dollar air mattress, or it could be several blankets from home that you fold into a soft spongy mattress layer.  Or it could be an air raft, or a yoga pad.   It doesn't have to be fancy, just comfortable. Remember if you're car camping, you don't have to carry it- size and weight don't matter.

- Something to keep you warm while you sleep.  This could be an 800 dollar down sleeping bag, or it could just be the sheet off your bed in the summer months, or a blanket.   

- Something to cook with.  This could be a hundred dollar titanium cookset with fancy utensils, or it could be a pot and a pan from your kitchen.  I spent years and years hiking out with like a 5 dollar cookset. 

-Basic hygiene stuff like TP, soap, etc. 

- Food.  Go to the grocery store - there's endless amounts of food that just need heating up or that you boil.  

-A styrofoam cooler and a bag of ice .   Be careful wtih beer though, alot of parks don't allow it.  Not saying I've never enjoyed a cold one in the woods, just saying don't keep a styrofoam cooler sitting out where a ranger could easily see it.  

So really, unless you plan on backpacking out, I wouldn't get too caught up in gear.  Just get out there however you can and enjoy yourself.  If you love it, and you decide this is your calling and you really want "proper" gear than you can start saving for it. 

Either way, hope you get out soon and enjoy that fishin.

 




 Outside of Acadia on the quiet side are some really wonderful harbor side trails.  




 enjoy those years while they're there. They'll be over before you know it.  




 How do you personally use this effectively ? Even at 2amps, it means keeping the stove running a LOT longer than I normally would to have any meaningful impact on a battery.   Which means either now I'm carrying extra fuel which could have just been a battery pack, or I'm cooking over wood.   

 




 hahah to me it looked like a booby trap.   I was looking for the pizza box bait.  




 We're all good until you try to serve me green eggs from a tray pack.  




 The fancy sets tend to be more expensive lighter materials.   I tend to draw a pretty strong distinction between camping and backpacking, because backpacking stuff is pricey and relatively non-durable compared to the stuff you can bring camping.  I mean, car camping ? Haul out the 30 year old unbreakable 40 pound stuff right ?  




 I heard some folks talking about Cuben and it was stated that they don't sell their fabric, they license it's usage in manufacturing much like Gore does.   




 I'd be interested in recommendations on this as well ... pretty sure I'm going to have to replace the entire kitchen within a few years at this rate ! 




 We've been using Pet Vet (Dr Hall) forever.  

Also, in addition to the dog parks, there are several state parks nearby which allow dogs on certain trails.   enjoy and welcome to Columbia !  




 Hmm, not me. I get "millions falling into poverty".  But I did find the article by searching http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/women-posing-with-shawarma-is-now-a-thing-in-russia/523454.html 

and I guess I have to rescind my comment, because apparently it actually *is* a social networking group thing for them.  




 And this winter a couple buds and I went camping in about a foot of now.   One of them had made "hobo meals" at home - pot roast in aluminum foil.  While the rest of us setup the tent and our bags, he started a huge fire and threw these things in to cook. 

A few minutes later we were sitting around the campfire in like a foot of snow, eating fresh pot roast out of aluminum foil, sipping gourmet cocoa with marshmallows, than out came the vodka that was sitting in the snow chilling.   

I must admit it was a good day.  




 Multi-family car camping a couple years ago... suddenly there was a massive breakfast buffet line going with like 4 or 5 stoves, all cooking up a ton of breakfast goodness; pancakes, eggs, bacon, sausage.  It was unreal.  




 Article seems to be gone now, which is a shame as it seems that Russia is now living real-life subreddits.  /r/womenposingwithSharama. 
 




 Honest question ... not a waterman and barely a fisher ... what if they just had a mortorium on all recreational fishing for a year or two, and licensed only actual watermen who made their livelihood on the water ?  Would that help anything ? Or are they basically already doing that ?  I know my seafood intake's been steadily going down for years, and pretty much nothing I get anymore seems to be local anyhow, so why not make that official for a bit in the name of rejuvenating the populations ?  




 so close to my car that I can't even see his hood.
Sunroof + Pennies.



 




 yeah,I really do think of fancy cooksets as "stove only" ... one of the luxuries of car camping and big old campfire is being able to bring out the cast iron ;)  Well, maybe that isn't a luxury for some.  I know when I'm camping with the family the starc contrast between the minimalist backpacking I enjoy makes me wish we didn't bring so much ...!  




  So bad choice of words for meaning "you don't really have the same needs as someone who's like spending every single day hiking long distances" if you're only hiking to the camp, spending 4 days there than hiking out.  




 1. Anything that doesn't have any plastic bits on it should be fine on both.  You'll want something that sits well on the jetboil ... beware though that alot of backpacking sets do have plastic bits up top, where the flame of a jetboil would never hit or heat up too much... with campfires you're potentially talking about a lot more heat.  I've been looking at the various [GSI sets] (http://www.amazon.com/Bugaboo-Camper-Cookware-GSI-Outdoors/dp/B006ERSCNA) lately... 



2.  In a good cooler if you don't keep opening it and closing it we've had ice last at least 24 hours during Memorial Day... dead of summer probably less.  

3. No clue,sounds like the kind of thing you wouldn't be allowed to bring on, but that would be readily found wherever your camping destination is if it's actually needed there. 




 If you're only hiking in and out than you probably don't need to be overly concerned with like calory to weight and space rations.  For your first camping venture out, I say take food you like, and enjoy yourself.   I would do something like fresh sandwhiches for the hike in, hobo meals (roasts wrapped in aluminmum) for first dinner since it's an easy way to a luxurious dinner, than standard "add boiled water" meals from the grocery (you'll find a very wide range of tasty foods that just require heating, ranging from latin to Indian) as well as a Mountain House or two.  Oatmeal and coffee makes a good lightweight easy breakfast, you could brings eggs as well.  For snacks I like high protein options like tuna (in pouches) and beef jerky.   Use your imagination, and have some variety.  Truly, folks eat ranging from very plain ( literally saw a post that was "Here's my food for 4 days" and it was basically 3 ziplocks of snack food) to gourmet (espresso machines, ovens (not Stoves, OVENS as in bake bread on the trail, yes) and everything in between.  Just remember that you have to carry it on your back, and if you aren't using to carrying a pack the weight *will* add up, but you're talking about a really short hike... if I were doing a very short hike in and out, but staying there for 4 days, I would definitely be willing to hoof in a lot of extra food weight that I normally wouldn't want to. 


To keep things cold: if you're ok with the added weight you can use small insulated lunch bags and an ice pack, but I'll warn you that "cold stuff" is generally the province of car camping, not backpacking or camping hiking in.  Still, for the first night you could probably keep something relatively cool  that way... something only semiperishable and not immediately perishable I presume. 


Bottom line is there's no right or wrong in meal planning, there's only preference.  Backpacking gets a bit more serious as the size and weight considerations become critical.  But for what you're doing, what's really important though is that :

A) You enjoy your first time backpack camping. 
B) You enjoy your first time backpack camping.
C) You eat well, and start thinking about what you did and didn't like, what you would and wouldn't bring again, all while enjoying your first time backpack camping.


EDDIT: DANGIT, can't believe I forgot to mention that's there a /r/TrailMeals that's perfect for inspiration.  Enjoy !  




 There ya go, strap the poles outside (vertically ! - you don't want them sticking out sideways) and then just shove the rest of the tent inside somewhere.  Be a little careful with the pegs too - you don't want them poking into the tent or backpack material too hard.  You don't have to put the tent inside a sack before going into the sack either, you can just shove it on down in there, and shove everything else on top and compress it all together.   I do that with my tent and sleeping back and it makes everything fit the pack better  with less wasted space.  




 Sounds like a photographers vest.  Just instead of lenses and film canisters packed with other goodies.   

Seems rather unnecessary if you're carrying a pack though.  If you want to rest, your pack will be at your feet (or under them).  No need to stop walking to check a map unless you're particularly bad with maps.  If I want to drop my pack and actually leave the trail (like to do an extra 3/4 side trail to water) than I grab my small pouch of essentials out of my pack hood and carry it in my pocket.  




 Run away.  That has sketchy written all over it. 
 




  it's completely worth it to not deal with Massdrop's long and often unpredictable shipping times. 

So is Massdrop kind of "you'll get it when you get it" ? LIke old school mail order .... "6-8 business weeks" loL. 




  but it's not sold by Amazon, so that's not really a good comparison price wise

Im confused as to why, but I"ll take your word for it. I'm not spending 20 some bucks on a pot anyhow, titanium, sterling or otherwise.  

Although, it's oh soooo light .... so tempting.  

 




 So, in addition to having inadequate carbs, I just looked at my splits on Cardio ... even though my overall time was horrible, just terrible because I bonked and actually had to walk sections (so sad ... ) apparently my 1st mile split was the fastest I've ran.   So that combined with the bad fueling would explain why the rest of my run went so horrible, and why I'm still in DOMS like 4 days later despite stretching, protein, massage, etc.    No fuel, poor pacing... I was killing myself. dumb.
 




 Yeah, I guess there's some logic to that.  Except the people camping in Ohiopyle probably aren't actually *from* Ohiopyle.   And there's definitely a lot of people in that park area during peak months, but point taken ... I suppose it's really more about foot traffic than anything else. 




 Holy Hornet Batman ! 




 This sounds like extortion.   




 Thanks, we're good on locations, just wondering how safe it is to leave stuff out. 




 dude if you're retarded with money, like you're totally compulsive, have lessened self-regulation capabilities, stuff like that, than open up a savings account with no checkbook, no ATM card. Make it *hard* to get to your money once it's in there, so you'll only go to it when you really really need it.  Then ask your employer to put a certain amount into it with each direct deposit so it never even goes into your main account and you never get a chance to be stupid with it.  Out of site, out of mind.  




 [this] (http://www.amazon.com/TOAKS-LIGHT-Titanium-650ml-Pot/dp/B00SMFNAZW) isn't the same product ?  









 I'm a stay at home Dad and my wife works

MY HERO.   You've brought tears of joy to my eyes.  I SALUTE YOU for obtaining a position I once thought to be mystical.  Please don't screw it up, I still go to bed at night dreaming of the day when *I'm* no longer the one working 60 hour weeks.  

If you honestly and truly just completely suck at cooking, then you'll want a beginners cookbook that introduces some basic concepts and techniques.   The [Better Homes and Garden cookbook] (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0553577956/ref=pd_lpo_sbs_dp_ss_2?pf_rd_p=1944687602 pf_rd_s=lpo-top-stripe-1 pf_rd_t=201 pf_rd_i=0470560770 pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER pf_rd_r=0F2WSEY2CKQVQ5PT9HMB) got me started with some really basic recipes, and basic techniques.   When you're graduated from that, [The Joy of Cooking] (http://www.amazon.com/Joy-Cooking-Irma-S-Rombauer/dp/0743246268/ref=sr_1_1?s=books ie=UTF8 qid=1433985417 sr=1-1 keywords=joy+of+cooking) is a timeless classic.  

In terms of meal planning, there's loads of recipes and meal plans online.  Right here in Reddit there's /r/MealPrepSunday and /r/EatCheapAndHealthy along with plenty of other food and cooking related subs. 

Be nutritionally sound too though.  There's /r/nutrition for advice; figure out your families caloric needs, and base meal planning around that.  
 




 yeah, just toss it.  




 It could be just extreme settling, but if you have another can nearby I'd play it safe. 

I'm assuming the can wasn't bulging, didn't "whoosh" air when you opened it, no cracks or any other signs like that ? 

Any chance you could post a picture ?  




 vodka sauce ! how could I not think of that... it's only like the best every tomato sauce invented.  




 oh, and you can't say "deglaze" without mentioning gravy ! 




 It didn't overdo it for us, but use your own judgement; that's the great thing about learning how to cook - you get to make everything exactly as you want !!   




 We're in Howard, south of Baltimore.  I had told him that if he doesn't want to make a whole weekend of it we could shoot up to Patapso just Friday or Saturday evening, spend the night, do a short hike after breakfast or something.  I'm trying to make it as easy and non-committal as possible for him.  I think I'll just suggest something out 70 instead though. 




 Sounds like you're spending in a lot of other places.   Make a list of everything you spend money, and come back with more details. Include debt amount, monthly payment and interest rates.   Be sure to include groceries, gasoline, plus other stuff that costs money but that you probably don't want to tell yourself actually adds up, like weekly beers etc.  




 yep, we have five spice lying around I'm sure.  Never thought of smoking tofu.  I've smoked all sorts of meat, fish and cheeses... I guess smoking tofu is a bit like smoking paneer. I'll give it a go !  




 Sure will try this out - thanks !  

 




 I don't even have audio and this was entertaining. Someone was enjoying their 15 minutes of attention.  




 I'm guessing it would make more sense to put it into retirement but without  more details it's only a guess. 

What's the interest rate on the loans ? What's your income, cashflow, total worth like ?  Is there matching on the supplemental or is it tax advantaged ?   




 yeah, if you're close enough to a store that's definitely your best bet.  Ask if you can take it to the backpack section, and ask for someone who's knowleadgeable about fitting packs.  




 it could be the pack just isn't the right size too ...did you go into a retail location and get fitted, or buy online ? Sorry,it's hard to troubleshoot a pack fit without pics ... I know  I'm basically between the two most common lengths and have to buy adjustable length.  Having the straps hit your arms in odd spots can be an effect of wrong length.  




 I think tofu makes sense.   Thanks for the tip on drying it .... it's definitely difficult to fry up without thoroughly squeezing and drying it.   The boiling salted water trick sounds neat; I"ll try it.  




 It's not a correction, it's clarification. Am I right ? Are you a private pilot looking for a camping spot you can fly to ? I don't think that would be immediately understood in /r/camping from your original post.  




 you don't want to feed your hammies and quads some nice delicious protein and glucose while you're hammering them ?  




 Squats and cardio for sure.   I also did a lot of straightleg deadlifts, and my pack just felt like nothing.  




 fake meat battered and fried, as opposed to simply leaving out all battered  and fried elements altogether, and keeping it simply bell  peppers, pineapple and sugar sauce.  




 I did 3 days no problem in a 50 liter, but just packing for myself.  BUT I was solo, so I carried everything.  Stove,tent, pad, bag, food etc.  Actually downsized into a 36 liter... the 52 was more than I needed. 




 the meat itself is likely to be a bit tough for fast and high temp cooking.  You could try a variety of slow/low temp techniques like roasting it, smoking it, etc.   




 No, I'm asking, "would a vegetarian prefer a faux 'sweet and sour pork' that is the normal dish just with no meat, or would one prefer a faux 'sweet and sour pork' that batters and fries a non-meat to take place of what would have been the battered and fried pork"  




 Ah bro, really don't know any way to get there without a private car.  I was looking for similar to get out to the Great Allegheny Passage and found a couple bike clubs that do like hosted van trips but they leave out of DC, don't necessarily go where you want them to go, and they're pretty pricy. 

If you really don't have a car or a bud who's willing to do the drive (it's only about an hour each way, maybe hour and a half) then maybe you could find a Meetup in Baltimore that's heading out there, and carpool with someone from the Meetup group (they do that) and then just not return with them ?

You could take Marc to Frederick (but by way of DC) and get closer to Pen Mar, but you'd still be a hoof away... maybe close enough for an expensive cab ride though ? 

as a tip to help you in your transit search though, few folks who don't live right in that area or hike the AT will recognize "Pen Mar Park", but it's like 2 miles from Ft. Richie which is a little more recognizable. 

good luck man.
 




 Carne Guisada is a dish itself ...  you don't like Mexi ?  




 put a couple porkchops in a pan, put a couple stars of anise and splash them with white wine, cover, cook low.  




 I once roasted a goose, and in a pan reduced prunes and their juice, chopped chestnuts and brandy for the sauce.  It was beyond words.  




 Washington DC area here. Our hardware stores don't even carry proper hardware.  But you can get some fancy lamps and dishwashers in 'em. 




 I'm on the hook for dinner tonight and I'm craving some sweet and sour pork.  I've made it at home in the past and it just killed. 

We're a mixed household ...  should I just leave the fried pork out of the vege one, or do you think it "needs" the fried bits ? What would you fry to add to it ? Tofu ?  I've made kung pao tofu before and it kills, but I've never done it in sweet and sour before.

 




 My first paychecks of the year go into maxing my 401 as well.  We just came off the holidays, no need to spend anything.    The left over is anemic until it's maxed, but then I'm good to go for the rest of the year. 




