 I volunteer as tribute!  




 Not to mention how deliciously tantalizing the food looks all the time, regardless if it's human half the time.  




 That was so clever. I lol'd out loud.  




 Damn... thought the show was gonna have back to back seasons with kinky group sex scenes in it. 

TBH it's a shame that guy had to die so quickly... he seemed kind of interesting actually.  




 I can almost taste everything on the screen.  




 This season clearly needs more orgies, especially with Wendigos.  




 I like what you did there. 




 Until Abel Gideon turns it around and BURNS Hannibal hardcore with only one limb. 




 Though it's a little hard to feel too bad for her... her curiosity of what Hannibal would do while unbound by his person suit outweighed the obvious option of call the police and shoot Hannibal.  




 She was so elegant and apparently calm too.  




 OMG that trailer for next week's episode looks ridiculous!!  




 Damn son! Abel Gideon calling Hannibal out with ONLY ONE limb left! Doesn't poor lonely Hannibal wish he could be dining with Will Graham?  




 ...And curiosity killed the cat. Damnit Bedelia  




 Gillian Anderson is so beautiful and graceful. Please survive this season.  




 Is anyone else finding these flashback scenes with Abel Gideon absolutely morbid?  




 Damnit that TA dude seems pretty cool... I'm pretty sure he's gonna die though.  




 Or you might not emerge alive.  




 That moment when Bedelia realizes why Hannibal's feeding her what he's feeding her.  




 Is it that kind of party?

...Such a shame.  




 Anyone else tweeting for the first time in a long time?  




 Don't go to Hannibal's for dinner. Bad decision.  




 Cry... I want to be there.  




 I'm not sure about the legal technicalities, but I feel like another network or Netflix could possibly be interested in picking Hannibal up... a lot of critics consider it one of the best shows on TV right now. That's gotta count for something in this day and age. 




 Thanks for the rec!  




 Second this recommendation - the best I've had in the Triangle so far.  




 Oliver's inflections and way of speaking is much better than Fisk's. I can understand Oliver completely, whereas for Fisk, half the time I have no idea what he's saying because he's so terrible. 

And yes, there are regional accents for Mandarin, but she just sounds like someone who doesn't speak it trying speak it. A "southern" accent in Mandarin still wouldn't sound like that. Also, if she's from HK, the locals don't speak Mandarin there.  




 As a speaker of both Mandarin and Japanese, his Mandarin is pretty terrible (it's one of the worst ones I've heard in recent memory) and his Japanese accent is fairly average / decent enough. 

The actress for Madame Gao isn't a native speaker of Mandarin either. She has all the inflection and pauses, etc correct, but it's pretty accented (she sounds like she might be a native Cantonese speaker.)  




 Are there still items up for auction?  




 I've seen the movie so I guess not a terribly big spoiler. Didn't realize it was a series - I'll check it out. Thanks!  




 Examples: Hannibal Lector, Dexter Morgan, Jeremy in the Carson Ryder series,  

Specifically, I'm trying to find books or series where there's a recurring serial killer who's not the main antagonist, but some sort of chaotic neutral character who may even help the main character (such as in the example of Jeremy in the Carson Ryder series). 

But I'll take general recommendations that fit the title as well. Thanks! 




 Hey Triangle represent! I'll have to swing by sometime.  




 Holy crap - I have this white bear!! (And here I was scrolling through this thread thinking about how adorable this thread was with all the many lives of OP's bear). His nose is squished in just like your bears' too! I would send along a pic but he's at my parents house in storage somewhere.  









 Great example!  




 What? $12/year? That's really good for unlimited photo storage! I have like close to 1 TB of photos.  




 Yuup. I didn't watch it in theaters but this is exactly how me and my brother treated the movie and we had a blast. We laughed so much we almost cried, especially during that White House lawn chase scene.  




 Sorry out of town this weekend! 




 I don't we've seen the last of him, but yes agreed. I'm really excited to see more of Ward and of him fully stepping into his role as the villain. I felt like they kept teasing a possible redemption this season, but that would been so unrealistic.  




 White House Down. Minigun mounted SUV chases the Presidential Limo around... on the White House lawn... 'nuff said.  




 As a first gen immigrant to the US, this sounds like my childhood.  




 I think we'll see a return from him at some point next season. He's too good of a character.  




 Loved the semi-dark sounding music in the background when Snart and Flash teamed up.  




 Agree - thought he was going to get offed saving Skye these last few episodes, but I guess he was just so good they had to keep him on.  




 Oh no. Fitz is never going to forgive himself for it. :(  




 I demand Robo!Coulson. 




 Nah, they wouldn't do that, but I'm guessing some sort of mind control or temporary insanity for at least part of the next season.  




 I didn't realize he had been memory wiped - just thought he was calmed down and rehabilitated. :(  




 And then bam, date cancelled.  




 This is Captain America all over again. NOoooooo. Jemma better not go all Winter Solider on us next season.  




 And they tied up all the other story threads so well and then BAM CLIFFHANGER.  




 Join me, and together, we can rule the MCU as mother and daughter!! 




 Quickest aww to noo in 30 seconds flat.  




 Ditto this. But fish oil is good for you.  




 Coulson let Skye drive his baby??? 




 Oh shit. Didn't even think of that. But really looking forward to more powered people next season.  




 Mack's gonna feel extra shitty about himself when they figure it out.  




 Ward as new head of Hydra? CANT WAIT FOR NEXT SEASON.  




 I demand Robo!Couslon next season (or Darth!Coulson!) 
 




 I felt like most of my marriage to Bobbi was a trap. 

I love these two - they're so perfect for each other. Im actually really really glad they didnt move forward with the SHIELD spin off the show just wouldnt be the same without the two of them. Also, glad they made it through this episode because it looked a little questionable right around the one hour mark.  




 Kyle MacLachlan killed it in this episode. 

Not in the literal sense, but RIP Cal. :(  




 WHAT WAS THAT ENDING??? Full on AWW to NOO in 30 seconds flat! 




 She had a good heart. It was just torn out. :( 

As much as Jiaying went from manipulative to batshit insane in this episode, you couldnt help but to feel sorry for her and what she went through at Whitehalls hands. 

EDIT: ~~Worn~~ Torn 




 Join me, and together, we can rule the MCU as mother and daughter!! 




 Love the concept. Given Wachowski's have done the Matrix and Cloud Atlas and this gives me a Heroes vibe... I can see this being really awesome. Fingers crossed. Either way, I'm excited Netflix is jumping head first into original productions.  




 Ha, this would be the perfect nod.  




 One quick question: is this open to all types of fantasy (specifically urban fantasy) or would you be looking for something that's more in the vein of traditional/high fantasy?  




 This absolutely stunning. I know you have an entire thread full of people telling you already, but I really enjoy art of all mediums and this is incredibly beautiful and unique and I can only imagine the career you'll have ahead of you. I wish I were in a point in my career/life where I can afford to drop thousands on this and keep it for myself, but sadly I'm not. 

Also, as someone who works in business/finance, I agree with the other posters when I say you should absolutely take no less than $5K for this. You should probably ask for more and I wouldn't be surprised if you could sell this for upwards of $10K to the right buyer. Here's a helpful hint, in all negotiations, always let the other person give you a starting price. You may be surprised at what they start with. 

 




 Wow... this is a fantastic opportunity. I'm not sure if any of my short fiction will qualify (on the humor bit), but thank you so much for taking the time for doing this for the community. It's very generous and I respect that immensely.  




 You were so close! It was Miller's Crossing. :) 

My full list for reference: 
			
1. Miller's Crossing 
2. No Country for Old Men 	
3. Barton Fink 	
4. Fargo 	
5. A Serious Man 				
6. True Grit 	
7. Burn After Reading 	
8. The Big Lebowski									
9. O Brother, Where Art Thou?		

I'm clearly a bigger fan of their darker more dramatic works with the exception being Fargo. I love Miller's crossing not for what the Coen brothers are typically known for, but simply because I love Tom Reagan's character and I'm a sucker for mob movies. Objectively, I think that No Country is probably their best movie (followed closely by Fargo). I think a lot of people like the Big Lebowski or O Brother because they are the most accessible of their works (minimal amounts of death/murder and generally light hearted in tone). 

Agree with you that I definitely want to watch Blood Simple (and eventually Inside Llewlyn Davis) at some point as well, though right now I'm just waiting for their new movie, Hail Caesar to come out.   




 Nope. As much as I love No Country (coming in at #2)... you're looking for my personal favorite here, which incidentally is also the first Coen Brothers movie I watched.  




 Nope and nope. I haven't seen Raising Arizona (I've seen 9 Coen Brothers movies) and as much as I love True Grit as a movie overall, on my Coen list it comes in at #6.  




 Close, but no cigar. That's #2. 




 Still nope. Though I'd put Fargo at #4.  




 Still nope!  




 Nope!  




 Coen Brothers, 26.  




 They look way too young. 

Also, waaay too much photoshopping here.  




 I'm really looking forward to the rest of his career actually. Think he's gonna be one of next bigs of the next generation from Britain.   




 Or the scene where One Two basically tells him to shut his pie hole at the party about what happened the night before.  




 That song was just perfect for that trailer. I also liked the part where Tom Hardy says "Me and my brother" and the song goes "which one will you choose". Great throwback to an era from yesteryear.  




 I'm really looking forward to all the awesome stuff that Taron Egerton does in the future. He was ridiculously good in Kingsmen.  




 Sorry I really don't remember. I added the song only about a week before it got deleted. It want to say it featured a more mainstream DJ or mainstream artist in the song, but it didn't really sound like them. 

When the song opens there's about 45secs-1min of non-80s sounding edm music, then the beat kicks in around then. Think the singer's voice sounded a little like La Roux, but I don't think if that's just because her stuff also sounds similar.  




 Hm it's more upbeat and has a faster tempo than this song, but thanks for the guess!  




 Hi guys, I'm looking for a track I recently added to my spotify playlist but was removed. I don't remember much else of the song other than it had an 80s beat/vibe to it and there was a female singer (who also was singing in an 80s tone). Believe it from one of the more popular artists or featured one, but I can't remember anything else other than that for the life of me.

Any help would be appreciated - thanks!
 




 Thanks will try!  




 No it's completely gone. Completely deleted off playlist and does not show up in play history. It's really frustrating.  




 Hi guys, I'm looking for a track I recently added to my Spotify playlist but was removed. I don't remember much else of the song other than it had an 80s beat/vibe to it and there was a female singer (who also was singing in an 80s tone). Believe it from one of the more popular artists or featured one, but I can't remember anything else other than that for the life of me.

I'll also take any general recommendations too that fit that description. 

Any help would be appreciated - thanks!
 




 Hi guys, I'm looking for a track I recently added to my spotify playlist but was removed. I don't remember much else of the song other than it had an 80s beat/vibe to it and there was a female singer (who also was singing in an 80s tone). Believe it from one of the more popular artists or featured one, but I can't remember anything else other than that for the life of me. 

Any help would be appreciated - thanks!  




 Murder!Simmons 




 Ward: Awww guys family reunion!! Sorry about all that evil betrayal shit, but you guys tried to kill me too. So, even steven right?

Everyone: No.
 




 THAT'S what it was reminding me of. I was like wow this gun fu reminds me of some sequence from a movie.  




 Wonder if Raina actually got the Sonic joke. She doesn't seem like the type to play video games.  




 She was kicking so much ass... just wished she used her powers more.  




 All aboard!  




 Coulson was like yeah, you can take a look at the box. Oh btws, I'm the real Director of Shield. Oh look, Maria Hill is calling me.  




 :( I kept hoping it was a decoy or something.  




 Skye was kicking ridiculous amounts of ass in that scene. Though I was hoping for her to use her powers a little more.  




 Ward: Awww guys family reunion!! Sorry about all that evil betrayal shit, but you guys tried to kill me too. So, even Steven right? 

Everyone: No.  




 Did they just really blow up the Bus?? I kept hoping it was a decoy Bus they got from fake Shield.  




 Gemma not joking about killing Ward... :( 

Ward disappointed at her change... :(  




 I've really missed Ward... so nice to have the team all back together again.  




 Man... Ward's apology speech... really tugged at my heartstrings. Made me want to believe. :( But I just have to remember manipulative psychotic Ward from before.  




 Gemma really creeping me out with her sweet... "he didn't make it".  




 Welp we finally got the team back together!  




 Creepy Jenna smiling and being like "he didn't make it".  




 Ward redemption makes me hope.... 




 Finally got the team back together!  




 I usually only buy, but I think their prices are a little high. You can generally find the same or similar items through Vinted or Poshmark or eBay. Though obviously they won't have return policies.  




 Yeah I got one too, but it's weird because I don't really post to this sub so I'm not really sure how I got it?  




 Was it for just the day or over a weekend? I need some place to leave my car for 3-4 days.  




 Hey guys, I'm thinking of taking Megabus up to DC for a weekend and I'm trying to figure out the best place to park my car for the weekend near downtown Durham where the Amtrak station is. 

I know the Durham decks are free after 7PM and on weekends, but am I just allowed to leave my car parked there all weekend? I'ved parked at the deck on Magnum (across the street from Rue Cler) on weekends before and it seems like the gate is just up all the time. 

If not, is there a deck somewhere that does allow overnight/weekend parking? (I don't mind paying I'm just trying to figure out my options). 

Thanks!  




 No definitely a Captain Jack Sparrow reference.  




 I'm sorry Raylan, but it most definitely does NOT fit.  




 Huh, didn't even think of that. 

Tho I still didn't think I understand why that incident caused her relationship with her husband to implode.  




 Wow, that's surprisingly spot on. Except Vader was never as batshit insane as Cal.  




 So well cast and great acting all around as well.  




 I almost felt like he was in on it... it seemed like he was bringing the food. Wouldn't it be odd for the three of them to just have been there with the door wide open if everything was supposed to be hush hush?  




 He's dedicated the last 26 years of his life to finding his daughter... that's enough to drive anyone a little mad. 

I'm all onboard the Cal redemption train... though I feel like it might be setting him up for some horrible gut wrenching death.  




 To be fair, the fam dinner was super sweet... also a little sad... also a little weird and creepy... though definitely heartwarming. 

I'm onboard.  




 I'm so happy that Coulson, Hunter and Fitz are getting back together now.  




 It wasn't a dream!! Ohhh snap!  




 God that Skye and fam dinner was sooo sad and weird and cute and heartwarming at the same time.  




 Key is to wait for 30% off sales or BOGO50% then stack with the coupons. Also, sign up for the Express rewards program, stack those rewards on top. Most things I buy there wind up being so ridiculously cheap they're practically F21 prices.   




 Pretty much all stores unless it's high end name brand stuff that never goes on sale... but I'm not shopping at those places anyways. 

Express is probably one of the worst offenders on the list. I love that store, but if you buy anything there for less than 40% off you are seriously getting ripped off.  




