 Very recently I had to pay $2 to park somewhere and only had a $5 so I put that in the machine. When it spit out three dollar coins I thought I got ripped off for a good 4 seconds before I realized what they were. It was the first time I saw one in at least 10 years 




 My shower ritual is weirdly on point every single day. First I get a towel, then I get the clothes I'll be wearing the rest of the day and throw them on my bed. Go to the bathroom and throw the towel hanging on the shower rod in front of the shower. Turn my shower on and make sure the head isn't facing the curtain. Then I straighten it out so it's like a carpet in front of the shower (even though there is a bathroom carpet underneath). Then I toss my towel on top of that. Get undressed and toss my clothes in the corner. Then I stick my hand in and test the water, and get in regardless because it's usually close enough. Once I'm in I fine tune the temperature to where I like it. Grab my tooth brush and toothpaste and brush my teeth. Next j stick my face under the water to open up my pores and grab my face wash. Once that's on my hand I stick my face under the water again, and then proceed to wash my face. Rinse that nonsense off and then make sure my hair is totally wet. I proceed by putting shampoo/conditioner on my hand, rub my hands together, and lather up. Scrubby dub dub that shit for a while and rinse. For my last wet act, I squeeze some body wash on my axe loofah thing and wash my left arm, then my left pit, then my chest, right pit, and right arm. Work my way down to my left thigh, dick and balls, right thigh, right calf, left calf, left foot, and right foot. Next I wash my back, and finally my cheeks, taint, and crack/hole. After I thoroughly rinse off I turn the water off. 

Now here is the most important step;  I squeegee my body with my hands. I'm talking rub my hair, then face, arms, chest, and down to my ankles. This assures that I'm not dripping wet and makes drying a breeze and mess free. Once I towel dry I wrap that shit around my lower body and head back to the bedroom to get dressed. 

I start with my boxers, then put on my deo and face lotion. Then I put on my socks, followed by my pants/shorts, and finally I carefully put my shirt on, so as to not get deodorant on the outside at all. Finish off with a spritz of cologne on the wrist, rub them together, dab my neck and inside of my elbows. 

And that's it. Every day. Exactly like that. And if you read all of that, you may have too much free time. Then again, I just typed that shit out, so who am I to say shit. 

Tl;Dr  I shower, and get dressed. Magic.  




 Good luck with that. I've tried lsa several times and have only gotten a noticeable trip twice. My first few attempts were using heavenly blue morning glory seeds, and it wasn't great. Basically got slight nausea and insane cramping. 

That said, I then bought hbwr and it was a game changer. Now these seeds taste like you're chewing Satan's dirty asshole, but the effects are undeniable. Still got a tiny bit nauseated, but barely any cramping. First trip I had wasn't very visual but I had weird thought patterns and could hear my thoughts as if someone else were in the room speaking loudly at me. Second time I was insanely euphoric. I was outside in a foot of snow wearing flip flops and sweat pants with nothing else, and it felt wonderful. I could see every snowflake individually. I called several friends to tell them how great they are. It was amazing.

So in my opinion, lsa is unpredictable in both dosage required and how the trip turns out. I've never tried an extraction on them, but from doing a little research that'll probably be your best bet. I always came across the cold water extraction as being easy and very effective. Good luck! 

Edit: I should also mention that if you have chlorinated tap water, do not mix it with the seeds. Don't drink it before for a while, or after you take them, and don't use this for the extraction. I guess the chlorine breaks the chemical down and kills it entirely. Made this mistake a few times.  




 I've had the same happen to me with higher doses than that, most recently a dosage of 760. The first time it happened I stupidly drank a protein shake not long before I downed the pills and got no effects at all, however after about two or so hours of waiting I went from a 0 to peaking. The most recent time I ate lightly around 2 hours beforehand and got nothing. Dxm can be very unpredictable at times. I'd say that it most likely has something to do with how full you were at the time, as I've noticed that not fasting for several hours does impact the trip. 

As for trying again so soon, just go for it. I went through a period over the summer where me and four friends tripped at least 3, usually 5 days a week. Often back to back. Granted, we always took doses around 700-900, but the trips were always great. That said, I doubt taking it back to back when you don't do it often at all will make any difference. If anything, just increase your dose by like 200-300mgs.  




 I usually just close one eye and it kinda helps a tiny bit. Crazy that the trips are so similar though, I always read other reports and wonder how everyone else's are so different  




 God, typing on it is impossible. That and dxm.  




 Oh yeah, the texting thing happens to me almost every time. Usually to random people and it's either entirely illegible, or it looks like I sent it to the wrong person because it's just a fraction of a seemingly normal conversation. And after I wrote that long one out I remembered that a few times I would look between my bed and the wall and see glowing salamanders in the crack. That didn't happen too often though.  




 Definitely agree on dxm, haven't tried the others. Whenever I'm on a high third plateau I like to do this crazy awesome thing. I just get in my bed, prop to pillows against the wall and wrap myself up in a blanket so I'm all comfy. Then I close my eyes. I feel myself falling, and see it in third person, through the floor, and down into this black abyss. Once im surrounded by only this abyss I feel myself begin to accelerate upward. Through the void, through the floor, through the ceiling, and  then I launch off. Sometimes I fly around my town, sometimes through space. And I can do it as long as I want, all I have to do is open my eyes when I feel like it and I'm back in my comfy cocoon. It's the greatest feeling ever and I've "trained" myself to be able to do it every time.  




 Ya know, I always read about people seeing things like you mentioned, such as crazy animals or giant mushrooms growing out of the floor. I've tripped on benadryl at least 25 times and every time I see the same thing. 

First the walls get "wavy", which I can only describe as a translucent jelly flowing all over the walls. Then things start falling down the walls, such as door knobs or fire alarms. This is my favorite part of the visuals of my trip. However, if I take a higher than usual dose I start getting the hallucinations of regular shit, such as talking to friends, only to look down and back up and notice that they aren't there. And for some reason whenever I try to sleep once I get bored, I close my eyes and I'm at work. Eventually I realize I'm not at work and get mindfucked because it's all in my head like a super vivid dream. 

Never have I had a cool hallucination like seeing a mother fucking komodo dragon. Every time I read about stuff like that I get so jealous. However I have to agree with you on it making music sound great. Which reminds me of another common audio hallucination I have. Basically when I'm listening to music with head phones on I'll hear what sounds like people talking in the room, but when I take the headphones off it just stops. Creeps me out. 

As for colors, never noticed any change. Seems like the drug has really different effects for everyone. In my opinion it's a fun drug, one that I've never had a "bad trip"  on. Worst I've seen is a little girl run past my door, and that only creeped me out for a few seconds because I knew it was just the drug. I hope someone actually read this whole thing.  




 When I was in basic training (army, ft Benning) one of my drill sgts told us a story about working the gate at his fob. Same thing almost, car was coming, they told th to stop, firing the warning shot, followed all of the steps of escalation of force. Once they realized they weren't planning on stopping the opened fire. They found out afterwards that it was a family of three, and there were no weapons or ied in the vehicle. He said the baby was hit in the head by the 240 and it blew up like a watermelon.  




 Have you taken it in any other dosage before this attempt? I usually take 760 mg for a decent 3rd plateau trip and I'm only around 145 lbs, so you may want to try a higher dose 




 I've combined the two multiple times, and it's pretty great. Normal come up, never had issues with nausea. Find a good album, turn the lights off, and strap yourself in for a unique night!  




 Is this site up to date? I'm probably wrong, but I thought PA scheduled salvia as well.  




 Haven't heard that one in a while.. And I'm wishing it stayed that way 




 That is definitely my favorite part of a dxm trip 




 That's why I'm worried. Three days and they couldn't figure out what happened,  so now I have to see a neurologist until they find out for sure what happened.  




 I really hope someone provides a good answer, because I recently fell down two flights of steps and basically had a period of amnesia following where I didn't remember the fall, or even waking up on the ground. I came to back at the top of the steps, and didn't realize how fucked up my body was until it was pointed out.  Went to the hospital for a concussion and ended up staying three days because they said I had a seizure which probably caused me to fall down the steps, explaining the amnesia.

 Now that I see this question I'm wondering if I was knocked unconscious after I fell and had the seizure then because of that. 

Edit: I should also note that this was something that had never happened to me before, which is why they kept me in the hospital for so long.  




 Ahh I actually didn't know that. Thanks for the heads up! 




 Trust me, I know how awful it is for me, which is why I don't do it often. But its a trip like no other  




 Yeah I know about the risks of em. I honestly put a ton of research into any drug before I do them and I always start low with my doses. I don't use ccc's all that often, but gel caps tend to get me nausea when I'm dosing around 1000mgs

Also at this point I've done high doses of them well over 70 times and never notice any bad effects beyond two days. At the most I get shakey hands, but by the next day my heart rate is almost always back to normal. 




 Oh man that was a long ass time ago so I can't give a very detailed report, but I remember the gist of it. I was with a few other friends that were tripping and they were having a great time but for some reason I was just feeling kinda down. Sat alone for a bit and started just remembering all these things that I forgot I even remembered from my past. It actually ended up making me realize that my life wasn't all that bad and since then Ive been a way happier person.

It was just insane how vivid the memories were at the time, I could remember the layouts of random ass buildings I had gone into very few times when I was just a kid. Overall it was a great trip. 




 I've tried low doses of dxm a few times but it really doesn't do it for me below third plateau. As for dph, I also heard a lot about it having no recreational value, but in my opinion it's fun as hell for something you can but at the drug store. Usually for my higher solo dph trips I end up listening to music for a bit, staring at walls to see if they're shifting yet, and waiting for the shit to hit the fan. I hardly hallucinate on it like I did my first few trips. 




 On May 2nd, I took a nice dose of dxm/dph together and tried to write down my thoughts or what was going on. All the pills were ingested at 6:48 PM, and I stayed lucid enough to record the events until around 9:11. At that point I would forget what I wanted to write by the time I picked up my pencil. I'll be writing everything word for word with little notes if i need to  explain

6:45- pills ready: 16 ccc's, 8 CVS ccc's, 10 50mg dph gel caps

6:48- all pills ingested, ~~heading to store for drink~~ -scratch that, found red bull


6:59-start album: Pink Floyd - The Final Cut, playing Oblivion

7:08- computer crashed- FUCK!, this album is emotional as hell

7:13- really digging this album, more so than usual

7:16- The Gunner's Dream solo... intense

7:17- Cotton Mouth + shakey hands, still totally lucid, no visuals, music sounds intense

7:21- feeling body load, heavy eyes, weird chest feeling

7:23- so heavy feeling

7:26- head space activate - body load gone? itchy spot on head

7:32- about to hunt some painted trolls (note:  Oblivion quest, not tripping that hard)

7:35- time going so slow, feeling spacy, short term memory shot

7:39- insane cotton mouth, time is going so fucking slow

7:45- end album (hearing whispering voices with headphones on)

7:48- body load is back, door knobs being pushed into wall, clear audio hallucinations (note: whispering voices in head)

7:51- robo itch is so annoying, door knobs sliding down wall, whole room shifted left

7:53- wavy walls start, losing focus, staring into space, slight closed eye visuals similar to wall melt

7:57- really feeling the music, going out for a cig

8:04- Back inside

8:08- zoning hard, ~~sciuis~~ same visuals

8:11- bored

8:16- walls twitching

8:17- walls have pink tint

8:22- visuals on fleek, cloth  (note: i have no idea)

8:26- peaking for sure (note: handwriting getting bad)

8:28- eye pressure mixed with

8:30- ceilinng

~~8:3~~ (note: awful handwriting scratched out)

10:35

(note: on a seperate piece of paper, ripped out)

9:11

M         P       C

(scirbbly circles)



confu (terrible writing)

Buddha is evil (note: I have a small buddha statue in my room for some reason, it appeared to be turning its head and staring at me)

MAY

   At this point i couldn't remember anything long enough to write it down so I turned on some music and layed down. And that's all I remember. I'll add pictures of the actual notes and the buddha statue if anyone is interested. Other than what I wrote down, I can't remember much. I do recall having felt bad for killing the goblins in oblivion because they had lived their entire life up to that point, just like I had, and then I just ended it. I felt bad for them and their family. Weird, I know. Also, looking back at my recent albums played on Spotify I listened to The Final Cut, Animals,  The Piper at the Gate of Dawn, and Wish You Were Here. No idea why I chose straight Pink Floyd that night, but I did.  Pretty much stayed slightly fucked up until around 8:00PM the next day, at which point I was just physically tired and my hands were still somewhat shakey. Thanks for reading!

tl;dr- took lots of dxm and dph, tripped hard, short term memory went to shit, thought buddha was evil, and listened to some tunes.

Quick edit- I should also note that I have taken various amounts of this combo over 10 times and have taken each seperately many many times, with DXM probably over 100 times and dph somewhere around 30 times. Highest dxm dose was around 1800mg, highest dph probably close to 1100 mg. I try not to trip to often, so usually once or twice a month, but sometimes up to 2 times a week.  




 Hmm maybe it's just a West PA word then. I'm from the north east, and currently live South East, but still haven't ever heard it.  




