 well, you guys are on your way, the states that have legalized marihuana make it possible to carry way more of it with you then in the Netherlands... only thing thats weird is that its illegal if you travel one state further xD But talking about xtc, yeah we're pretty cool here in this small country.  




 Exactly! I frequently visit festivals in the Netherlands and truth is that at least 50% of the visitors are using something other then alcohol... maybe even more. I think they realise that you can't prevent people from using because they will always find a way to get it inside, then the next best thing is to at least try to make it as safe as possible and give people the opportunity to test their drugs and give them as much information as possible while they're there.  




 I've heard that you could test pills  at festivals in the Netherlands in the 90's, so you can make sure that you had clean pills. I can't understand why thats not a thing anymore, safety should be the number one priority, people are using it anyway... 




 Well, glad you found something that helped a little... 




 I'm just hoping that the Netherlands are going to be the number 1 tolerant country we were once... Now pot is legal in a lot of countries/American states, we have to become the bitching country that legalises MDMA, hup holland! 









 Those stars on his head compensate it though, he now is 50% badass viking 50% emo 




 I'm sure you are an amazing role model President Dick Bob 




 Well 95% of the selection is not older then 22, so that could be a reason... 




 Dutch has a few, Cheetah = Hunting Lazy Horse (Jachtluipaard), and a Manatee is called a Sea Cow (Zeekoe). Which is pretty accurate i guess.  




 Most of them are pretty similar to Dutch, never thought of it being that funny. But translated to English its pretty weird actually.  




 You clever bastards, the tabloids in the UK are going to have a lot of fun with that name i guess...

 




 Well said! Lets hope the PL will push him to his limits.  




 Great transfer! Really hope he can reach that next level! He can be the next Cristiano Ronaldo.  




 One day, i'm going to be a grandad, and i'm telling my kids about this "tv"-thing, and the 10 years of pure joy that i've seen Messi play on the thing.  




 I'm guessing Johan Cruijff was brainstorming like this... here's how he took a penalty (this was allowed at the time): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJHN1mN5SCg

 




 First few seconds i thought it was a lioness... 




 its the "hanging out" part that i'm shocked about...  




 Jesus Christ... I'm so disappointed in myself that i immediately knew what you meant... 




