









 the woman is the real bitch 




 become a football coach... 




 there should be a meme out of this
 




 Good guy churchill left a thank you note then? 




 Can you type the text that it says? I am having trouble reading the cursive 




 I like the mini motorcycle he has on his motorcycle. 




 shark had a sex change? 




 how did you get him or her to stay still? 




 Then I hope someone *imitates* this act of kindness 




 oh shit I forgot about that 




 What if she won a bicycle lol 




 Dude look at number 4 on the side bar. It states that anything posted on this subreddit is NSFW'd by default. I didn't mark it as NSFW 




 what holiday? 




 Cool Ex-Boss? why don't you work for her anymore? 




 Bitch on the left think she a hot nigga 




 do you have some Lemon Pledge? 



















 doesn't he also look like someone sitting outside enjoying a beer? 




 Someone please photoshop his ultimate form 




 Lol Surprise! Penis! someone should hide a penis in this picture 




 anything posted here is automatically NSFW'd 




 It is actually a reenacment. That is why the head of the actor playing JFK is not actually blown apart. 





























 I remember as a kid selling pokemoon Emerald to Game stop. They bought it for $1.25. I later came back to seee them selling it for thirty. i was a sad kid 




 I give this a 6.5 




 what if they want people to see them? Tun Tun TUUUUNN 




 you forgot to mention he was a football coach 




 and your baby likes to sleep on the magsafe
 



















 we actually carry rfid scanners around the airport to scan your passport. We see your adress on the scanner and go steal because we know you'll be out of town 




 But they probably said no homo 




 ruh-roh 




 yeah Its like those pajama bottoms. He can still be protected while going to the restroom 




 I wonder what else he beats... (   ) 



















 What if he checks the front page of Reddit? 




 Whyd you name her easter? 














 I read this as "a bear licking a dog" 




 If you couldn't see it right, the man on the left got kicked in the face 









 Because he isn't his wife 














 They should have pointed it at his crotch 




 Oh wow I forgot about the Flobots 




 oh wow i didn't know. What are they called? Besides shin a knee guard? 




 It's shartmander when he fully evolves 









