 Good point. But no matter what your intentions behind using drugs are, you are inevitably using drugs as a means for an escape.  




 Of course. I meant 'drugs' intended for recreational use (a particular interest in shrooms and bupe I guess) and perhaps many and most can be addictive and toxic, but it's inevitable if you chose to use them.
I understand the possibility of a natural high, but I have some sort of desire for engaging in a drug induced mind altering trip and then take part in some creative activity. I really want to see the limits in which I can expand my mind. Perhaps a lot of this is ignorant and cliche, but I believe there is some truth to it.  




 Poverty is a broken cycle that will never be repaired with welfare. This article highlights misogyny and also subtly mentions poverty on a one-person income basis. It is virtually impossible to have a family and break the poverty cycle (which again, I think this article mentions), but it is also very difficult for the individual who if he/she is lucky enough to get a job to find the motivation to work harder than the majority of americans when he/she is alone.  




 Hi! I'm a student at a pretty well-known private boarding school in New England. I'm looking to submit a research paper (or just an abstract) to any publication willing to take it; however, I'm having trouble finding a publication (it does not have to be peer-reviewed) to accept high school student's work. I conducted social science research and worked with a data analyst for the national headquarters of the Sierra Club. My paper is around 8000 words, and all of it is incredibly legit. Any suggestions
 




 Reddit,
I have never done drugs, and I'm very much against them. My mother was an addict, now just a heavy drinker as with my father, so I don't want to screw over my life: simple. My parents have taken on the role of whom not to become, but I want to experience that creative urge; that subconscious realm of reality that is drugs without screwing up. 
Any suggestions? 
I want to experience everything (that's kind of my life's philosophy) and right now, I'm looking for an escape where I could "find myself". 
Thanks!
EDIT* Follow up question: Personal experience stories? 
 




 I'm reading the Brother's K and this idea popped up. I can see why in terms of poverty but is there anything else I'm missing?  




 Funny how this popped up. I'm actually listening to the song right now: I know someday you'll have a beautiful life, I know you'll be a star
In somebody else's sky, but why? Why? why?
Can't it be, can't it be mine
We, we, we, we, we belong together! Together
This part of the song always gets me; it's so raw and emotional. Perhaps one of the most emotional songs I've ever heard. 
Somedays, at this part of the song, I really want a music video. 




