 To use a hypothetical example, say that Myanmar finds its crops are suffering from heat-related blight and drought, so it decides to spend a paltry $10 billion (Weitzman's estimate) to spew sulfates into the air, reducing global temperatures by a half-degree Celsius, improving its crop health and making its dictator more popular. Meanwhile, those sulfates become acid rain falling downwind all over neighboring India and Bhutan, destroying forests there, while the lower global temperature also causes crop failures in Canada and the Nordic countries. How do India, Bhutan, Canada and Sweden then recover from Myanmar? The military dictator there knows he has more to gain from popularity at home than he has to lose from a bunch of pissed off far-flung foreigners. 









 The IMF has done extensive studies on both positives and negatives of warming, like [this paper.](https://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/fandd/2008/03/pdf/cline.pdf) Those findings are generally included in more recent reports. Unfortunately, where agriculture is concerned, the news isn't great. Warmer winters in Canada don't compensate for larger crop failures in the subtropics and tropics, where more than half of the world's people live.  




 This is what Weitzman and Wagner write about, and it's frightening. Their position is that geoengineering is simply so cheap that it is inevitable as a criminal activity, and must be treated as such by the global community.  




 Thanks for the nice reply, but, as the study says, in most cases these costs are born by local populations exposed to local pollution, which suggests greater accountability. The study identifies global climate damages as only about one quarter of the costs, while the rest are primarily localized effects of pollution.

It's just that those local populations happen to be concentrated in the developing world, particularly Asia, where recovering for such damages is nearly impossible. The basic trouble isn't how you or I define accountability or subsidy, but how courts do--and that varies tremendously by jurisdiction. This is less an economic matter than a legal one.

The IMF paper here simply identifies the costs, which, it seems to me, is as far as economics can go with this. Rather than quibbling over economics textbook definitions of subsidies, the real issue is how to enforce accountability in poor places with corrupt governance. 




 Shortest true answer: we don't know. 




 How so? Wouldn't a tax to recover for the damages both compensate taxpayers for their expenses and discourage polluters? 




 Why aren't externalities subsidies? If a given group of taxpayers shoulder cost burdens to benefit a specific local industry, it's a subsidy isn't it? 




 Well, no. Most of the damages detailed concern pollution and health costs, and 10-20 percent are direct handouts to encourage fossil fuel production and consumption, but don't let that get in the way of a good diatribe about traffic accidents. 




 Actually, direct subsidies (price supports, production subsidies, etc.) account for somewhere between 10-20% of the total. 




 Because insurance wouldn't pay out without a successful lawsuit in most of these cases, and most of the damages are in countries where that would be impossible. How does a resident of Guangzhou sue a factory or power plant for the death of an asthmatic child when there are so many factories and power plants spewing pollutants there? Which one was responsible? And how can the plaintiff win in a country with so many legal obstacles?

Even Union Carbide's killing of thousands in Bhopal resulted in nothing more than a modest judgement that hasn't begun to cover the costs there, where it was vastly easier to quantify damages and assign blame.  




  virtually all of it (outside say China, Venezuala and Saudi Arabia) are just tax deductions.

No, most of the [$550 billion](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2014/11/12/renewables-are-replacing-coal-just-not-fast-enough-to-save-the-planet/) in annual direct handouts to fossil fuel companies are consumption subsidies and production subsidies, and they are pervasive worldwide. 

The *indirect* subsidies--the externalities detailed in this paper--are predominantly localized effects of air and water pollution, especially on health costs, and most of those are in developing countries. See the graphs here:

http://blog-imfdirect.imf.org/2015/05/18/act-local-solve-global-the-5-3-trillion-energy-subsidy-problem/ 




 Here is a [blog post](http://blog-imfdirect.imf.org/2015/05/18/act-local-solve-global-the-5-3-trillion-energy-subsidy-problem/) on this paper from two IMF leaders. 









 [Here](http://blog-imfdirect.imf.org/2015/05/18/act-local-solve-global-the-5-3-trillion-energy-subsidy-problem/) is a related blog post by two of the IMF leaders vetting this paper, for those who want more detail.

Note that this is not the first time the IMF has issued a report like this. It's merely a large increase from the $1.9 trillion in subsidies and externalized costs that was the previous yardstick. 









 Sorry about the paywall. Here is the text:

WASHINGTONConsumers should be paying a whopping $5 trillion more a year for energy to cover the hidden health and environmental costs of using fossil fuels, the International Monetary Fund said Monday.

Vitor Gaspar, head of the IMFs fiscal affairs department, which produced the report, called the estimates shocking and one of the largest negative externalities ever estimated, referring to costs that arent factored into prices.

The fund said policy makers must start capturing those costsvalued at roughly 6% of global gross domestic productin fuel prices now to curb the damaging effects, encourage greater energy efficiency and prevent a mounting toll on human health.

The report said the costslargely fueled by the ballooning use of coal in China and Indiafar surpassed the savings gleaned in the past year as governments cut traditional energy subsidies.

Falling oil prices have given governments including India and Angola an opportunity to raise energy prices closer to their market values.

Cutting subsidies relieves a burden on state budgets and allows a government to channel revenue elsewhere, such as social services, health care or growth-spurring investments.

International Monetary Fund Fiscal Affairs Department Director Vitor Gaspar called a report on the hidden health and environmental costs of fossil fuel use shocking.
International Monetary Fund Fiscal Affairs Department Director Vitor Gaspar called a report on the hidden health and environmental costs of fossil fuel use shocking. 

But the IMF said the uncounted costs of pollution from coal, oil and natural gas also should be considered subsidies because economies are burdened with mounting costs resulting from their use. Based in part on new World Health Organization data, the fund estimates those post-tax subsidies will hit $5.3 trillion this year alone.

Around a quarter of that covers the theoretical cost of mitigating greenhouse-gas emissions.

The rest is from the health effects of local pollution as well as from traffic congestion, accidents and road damage.

It is important to put in perspective just how many health problems are linked to energy consumption and air quality, said Benedict Clements, a division chief in the IMFs fiscal affairs department.

For example, the WHO estimates more than one million premature deaths a year occur because of outdoor air pollution caused largely by burning coal, he said.

IMF economists acknowledge the figures are disputable, but say they provide some indication of hidden costs that should provoke debate.

They also accept that eliminating subsides by raising energy taxes would be costly for consumers, and so it recommends a gradual increase.

Moving to efficient energy pricing in one step would require very large increases in consumer energy prices, in particular for coal, with a global average price increase of more than 200 percent, the IMF warned.

Although higher energy prices generally tax an economys growth prospects, the fund said governments can use the increase in revenue to foster economic expansion, such as through cutting labor and corporate taxes, infrastructure investment and spending on education.

It also would create incentives for low-emission alternative energy.

The fiscal gains from subsidy reform are sizable and could be a game changer for fiscal policy in many countries, Mr. Clements said. 




 Apologies. This article seems to be paywalled for some. Here is the text:

WASHINGTONConsumers should be paying a whopping $5 trillion more a year for energy to cover the hidden health and environmental costs of using fossil fuels, the International Monetary Fund said Monday.

Vitor Gaspar, head of the IMFs fiscal affairs department, which produced the report, called the estimates shocking and one of the largest negative externalities ever estimated, referring to costs that arent factored into prices.

The fund said policy makers must start capturing those costsvalued at roughly 6% of global gross domestic productin fuel prices now to curb the damaging effects, encourage greater energy efficiency and prevent a mounting toll on human health.

The report said the costslargely fueled by the ballooning use of coal in China and Indiafar surpassed the savings gleaned in the past year as governments cut traditional energy subsidies.

Falling oil prices have given governments including India and Angola an opportunity to raise energy prices closer to their market values.

Cutting subsidies relieves a burden on state budgets and allows a government to channel revenue elsewhere, such as social services, health care or growth-spurring investments.

International Monetary Fund Fiscal Affairs Department Director Vitor Gaspar called a report on the hidden health and environmental costs of fossil fuel use shocking.
International Monetary Fund Fiscal Affairs Department Director Vitor Gaspar called a report on the hidden health and environmental costs of fossil fuel use shocking. 

But the IMF said the uncounted costs of pollution from coal, oil and natural gas also should be considered subsidies because economies are burdened with mounting costs resulting from their use. Based in part on new World Health Organization data, the fund estimates those post-tax subsidies will hit $5.3 trillion this year alone.

Around a quarter of that covers the theoretical cost of mitigating greenhouse-gas emissions.

The rest is from the health effects of local pollution as well as from traffic congestion, accidents and road damage.

It is important to put in perspective just how many health problems are linked to energy consumption and air quality, said Benedict Clements, a division chief in the IMFs fiscal affairs department.

For example, the WHO estimates more than one million premature deaths a year occur because of outdoor air pollution caused largely by burning coal, he said.

IMF economists acknowledge the figures are disputable, but say they provide some indication of hidden costs that should provoke debate.

They also accept that eliminating subsides by raising energy taxes would be costly for consumers, and so it recommends a gradual increase.

Moving to efficient energy pricing in one step would require very large increases in consumer energy prices, in particular for coal, with a global average price increase of more than 200 percent, the IMF warned.

Although higher energy prices generally tax an economys growth prospects, the fund said governments can use the increase in revenue to foster economic expansion, such as through cutting labor and corporate taxes, infrastructure investment and spending on education.

It also would create incentives for low-emission alternative energy.

The fiscal gains from subsidy reform are sizable and could be a game changer for fiscal policy in many countries, Mr. Clements said. 









 That's part of it, but look at vote-by-mail states: turnout is better, but it's still heavily skewed by the elderly in most elections. High-profile presidential elections are the major exceptions. 




 These days, just a pinch. 




 Both. Fossil fuel companies get at least $550 in direct handouts each year, and very likely much more, but the price gets into the trillions when one adds the costs of health care, infrastructure and environmental damage. I don't know if this also includes the military costs of defending oil fields, transport routes and the like, but, if not, that would push the value of these subsidies still higher.  




 The article mentions a few, including Vitor Gaspar and Benedict Clements, head of the IMFs fiscal affairs department and one of its division heads, respectively. 




 How can hippy-crunchy Vermont be the most expensive? 




 About 5% of a gram.  




 It's a working paper, i.e. a preliminary report. However, it's already received public comments and support from several IMF leaders, so it's very definitely for real. 




 Yes, that is what a working paper is. However, this one has already been partially vetted by some of the IMF's fiscal affairs leaders, so it carries real weight.  
























 The problem is that the older they get, the more often they vote. 

Got a special election for your local school district replacement levy? They'll be there to kill it.

Time to vote on a new fire commissioner or local judge? They'll be there to ensure that he (and it will be a he) is a faithful Tea Party stalwart.
  
The rest of us sleep through these little contests and then wonder what happened.  




 I took it differently: as another example of how road funding is [a giant  subsidy for the trucking industry](http://truecostblog.com/2009/06/02/the-hidden-trucking-industry-subsidy/), as well as for the auto industry, rural residents and suburban sprawl. 














 Most fuel subsidies are price supports, exactly as you describe, and most are outside the U.S.. The rest are predominantly production subsidies.

Those are just the direct subsidies. Include *indirect* subsidies like health costs and climate damages, and, according to [this working paper from the IMF](http://www.wsj.com/articles/imf-estimates-trillions-in-hidden-fossil-fuel-costs-1431958586), annual fossil fuels subsidies top *$5 trillion*. 




 Right. I doubt that many of my graying host of Tea Party neighbors is going to tolerate anything like this degree of socialism as long as they can lift a pen to mark a ballot. The Age of Entitlement will have to await their passing. 




 Not coincidentally, we also heavily subsidize driving. Gas taxes now pay less than half the cost of roads, and the global oil industry gets around $500 billion in annual taxpayer handouts.  














 Not as many as are coming online. The [IEA forecast](http://mzconsultinginc.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/IEAWEONov2013a.png) is for nuclear generating stasis in the OECD but pronounced growth in the rest of the world. 

And, just between you and I, the IEA is very wrong to think that coal consumption will continue growing as it did. The world will soon enough acknowledge that coal must go much sooner, and that gas systems release intolerable amounts of methane, so it's back to nuclear and renewables once again. 




 That was then. As you know, the numbers have been recently skewed by Japanese and German pullbacks. The world now has 435 operable civil nuclear power nuclear reactors, with a further 71 under construction. That will be quite a boost in capacity. 

http://www.world-nuclear.org/Nuclear-Basics/Global-number-of-nuclear-reactors/ 














 Nuclear [continues growing worldwide](http://www.iaea.org/PRIS/WorldStatistics/UnderConstructionReactorsByCountry.aspx), but primarily in China, Russia and India. You're right about the US alone, however; nuclear is in a holding pattern here.

We can be sure that nuclear will soon accelerate again, however, because, as [these experts](http://www.cnn.com/2013/11/03/world/nuclear-energy-climate-change-scientists-letter/) correctly point out, we now have little choice but to pursue *both* renewables and nukes.  









 After all, where would *any* religion be without enemies of the faith to defend against? 




 Out of sight, out of mind! Much easier to dodge paying the true cost of fossil fuels, especially when that industry gives 90% of its political money to Republicans. 









 Much different in the States. Here, some drivers claim that bikes have no right to be on the road because they pay no gasoline tax. It's a shockingly common refrain--and completely wrong, due to the fact that less than half of road funds come from the gas tax (and the fact that nearly all American cyclists also drive). 




 All arguments against moral hazard go out the window when the major bank CEOs show up at Treasury, as in 2008, saying, "bail us out or suffer massive global depression that may lead to nuclear war".

The point is to better regulate banks so they can *never* back us into another corner like that again. 




 Minneapolis, Portland, San Francisco, Boulder...there are some decent bike towns popping up in the US now, but *none* even begin to approach the total commitment to bikes in cities like Copenhagen and Amsterdam, in my humble view. 




 "I don't care much about climate, but if you'll buy off my wealthy sponsors with gigantic tax cuts that benefit only them, while we shaft everyone else with a regressive carbon tax, then maybe we'll talk". 
 




 Truckers do *not* pay "trillions a year to operate on the roads". They pay about [$35 billion](http://truecostblog.com/2009/06/02/the-hidden-trucking-industry-subsidy/), or about a third of highway taxes, but because trucks cause more than 90% of road damage they effectively get a subsidy of more than $60 billion per year (as noted in the linked article). 









 It's much more localized than that, as Bishop and Cushing detail in *The Big Sort*. Over the past fifty years, Americans have moved increasingly to be among people like themselves: lefties in cities and righties in rural counties, with individual suburbs falling heavily one way or the other, so that now most US counties are political "landslide counties" where one party completely rules. 

And, yes, that leads to violence: think of the attacks in Oklahoma City, Atlanta, Knoxville, Austin, Wichita, Spokane, Las Vegas, etc.. Notice that these places tend to be "border towns" where rural, right-wing extremists are in close proximity to small cities, which they assault whenever they see a hint of "tyranny" (a Federal office building, a Unitarian Church, a family planning clinic, a Martin Luther King Day parade, a Sikh temple, a liberal radio host, a couple of cops eating lunch...).  So one could say that we already have something of a low-grade civil war under way. We do indeed hate each other that much, sorry to say, and we've moved into opposing enclaves because of it. 




 The studies this article cites are merely a few of many, like [this one](http://www.uspirg.org/reports/usp/do-roads-pay-themselves), that show that tax money flows entirely the other way: from general funds to roads. Fuel taxes have never really paid for the roads alone. Forty years ago they paid *most* of the cost, but no longer. Now they pay less than half.  

Add the fact that vastly more road damage comes from trucks, and it's clear that road maintenance is essentially a gigantic taxpayer handout to trucking companies. Then add the social cost of driving (carbon pollution, injuries, respiratory ailments, etc.) which is in the trillions, and we can see just how much road construction really costs us. Bikes, on the other hand, cause almost no road wear and they actually reduce health costs.  




 Another example of how Republicans and Democrats are no longer neighbors, but now citizens of two geographically separate countries. 














 Better TL;DR. (I'm not a bot.)

The 5 stages of climate denial:

Stage 1: Deny the problem exists

Stage 2: Deny were the cause

Stage 3: Deny its a problem

Stage 4: Deny we can solve it

Stage 5: Its too late 




 [The Harberger Model.](https://www.law.upenn.edu/live/files/367-gravellepdf) 




 Most fossil fuel subsidies have little to do with production cost: they are simply price subsidies to make oil cheap, or handouts to build more coal-fired generators, etc.. Nearly all are in developing countries with low living standards, where governments stay in control by showing their people that affordable driving and electric power are within reach.  




 Just as gay men did all over the Western world until a couple of decades ago. 




 Fair enough. However, if one wants to make sense of this, its seems to me that one has to look at both the rising share of women in the labor force *and* their rising income. 




 Stopped reading as soon as I saw that only US subsidies are mentioned. The authors undoubtedly know that the vast majority of fossil fuel subsidies are beyond the US, and that those foreign subsidies very effectively prop up American fossil fuel companies as well. No commodity is more global than fossil fuels. 




  Perceptions are not a useful test for reality.

I was just addressing Wumbotarian's question about the perceived value of employee benefits. 

penetration rates have been declining for some time

And deductibles are not rising? Elective choices aren't shrinking? Let's face it: health insurance may be more costly, but it isn't adding extra value to compensation. 

All these points are wrong; The value of retirement plans offered by employers is not declining...DB as proportion of plans offered has been stable for the last decade.

In 1979, [38 percent](http://www.ssa.gov/policy/docs/ssb/v69n3/v69n3p1.html) of private sector employees in the United States had a Defined Benefit Pension Plan. By 2011, the number had dropped to 14 percent. That isn't a decline?

What makes 401's crap?

Oh, maybe the fact that they plainly aren't working, with only the well-off being able to save sufficiently? Or the fact that they shift market risk onto employees? Or that promised employer matches are vanishing, leaving employees even less able to save? Or how about the simple truth that 401(k) plans were sold to employees as *supplements* to pensions, but then turned out to be mere stalking horses for the killing of those pension plans? Or perhaps the plain fact that voluntary saving for retirement never has worked before, and probably never will? We now have tens of millions of workers headed for old age with almost nothing to sustain them. To call that a kick in the teeth is a vast understatement, but what would you call it?

 [Day care has been] 7% of family income since the 70's.

[Wrong.](http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2014/04/08/rising-cost-of-child-care-may-help-explain-increase-in-stay-at-home-moms/)

 The college premium has risen faster then the cost of college.

[Wrong again.](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-CU892_paydeb_G_20140515160642.jpg)

i'm not sure under what basis you can claim "many" folks are not better off.

See above.

 




 Look at participation rates or labor force share: both show a rising trend over the period. Women definitely continued to enter the labor force in larger numbers well after 1980. 

More importantly, women now [*make far more money*](http://www.pewsocialtrends.org/files/2013/12/SDT-gender-and-work-12-2013-0-03.png), which greatly amplifies the effect of their growing numbers in the workforce. That further disqualifies the use of overall household income as a point of comparison.

So why does the Booth School use such a bogus measure? Because it's the Booth School, of course. They have a conservative business agenda at stake. You're right: this *is* basic stuff. 




 The issue is the *shift* of the tax burden from corporate taxes, which are paid largely by shareholders, to carbon taxes that are paid mostly by consumers and which slam low income earners the hardest by far. 

One can't argue to switching from a progressive corporate tax to a highly regressive carbon tax is anything but a dumping of overall tax burdens from the rich onto everyone else.

Also, let's just say that Econlib is not the least biased source for opinions. 




 Women's share of US workforce: 

1972: 38%

2014: 47% 

What's more, women have moved into [much higher income employment](http://dpeaflcio.org/professionals/professionals-in-the-workplace/women-in-the-professional-and-technical-labor-force/) than they used to occupy, further skewing household income as a point of comparison. As "Creamyturtle" says, this obscures the fact that wages have been stagnant and men have seen real wage declines.

This article is simply another Booth School attempt to paint a rather gloomy economic trend as sunny, in order to blame the victims and obscure the long trend towards inequality. 




 All I'm seeing in that graph is population growth and a fairly stable workforce/population ratio.

Look closer. The graph shows that most women were *not* in the workforce in 1970, yet most *are* in the workforce now, and the trend has only recently begun to level off. This isn't exactly news, is it? 




 [This](http://www.gallup.com/poll/1720/work-work-place.aspx) may provide some insights. Declining health and retirement benefits are the chief complaints among employees. 

Yes, the employer's cost for health benefits is rising, but the perceived value to employees is *falling*: we all face higher deductibles, we're all being pushed into HMOs with fewer elective options, etc..

The retirement benefits picture is even worse. Defined benefit plans are vanishing altogether, being replaced with lousy 401(k) plans, and even the employer matches for those are disappearing.

Add the sky-high cost of daycare for children of working parents, and the skyrocketing cost of college for one's kids, and it's safe to say that many folks are *not* better off, no matter how much they may enjoy playing Angry Birds on their phones. 




 First, household income is a poor point of comparison due to the rise of two-income households over this period; this hides overall stagnation in wages, and declines among men. Median wages would be a better measure.

Second, inequality has gone through the roof, followed by the financial elite committing gigantic debt fraud and extorting massive taxpayer bailouts, which leaves most Americans feeling very, very screwed. Trends in perceived wealth and income *always* relate to the general sense of fairness in the system, which, it's fair to say, is now deep in the toilet. 




 Few surprises except Hawaii. If there is one place in America that should be bike friendly, that's it, but no... 




 Who the hell is upvoting this garbage? 'Fess up. 




 Most of the jobs are "indirect", meaning with suppliers, subcontractors, etc.. And that 22K probably doesn't include even broader spillover employment effects in nearby stores, restaurants, personal services, homebuilding, and so on. 

 




 From the article: 

"In March, he released a new policy brief, "The Conservative Case for a Carbon Tax," which argues for a steadily rising "revenue-neutral" fee on fossil fuel producers. Aside from a small portion set aside to cushion low-income households, all the revenue would be devoted to reducing other taxes. Taylor has in mind a deal that would impose a carbon tax in exchange for the removal of other climate regulations, notably EPA carbon rules and state renewable energy mandates.

Taylor is one of several renegade Cato/Heartland regulars who have spent several years beating the drum for a carbon tax as a means to cut progressive taxes on the wealthy--mostly the corporate income tax--as well as to hobble the EPA.  




  Actually, it sounds like he's pushing for a carbon tax "in exchange for liberals agreeing to cut other corporate taxes and eliminate federal fuel standards and greenhouse-gas regulations".

Sure, Taylor's position is "cut corporate taxes and regulations and then we'll talk". Given that corporate ownership is heavily in the hands of the wealthy, this is a clear ploy to benefit those wealthy shareholders--who happen to keep Jerry Taylor in luxury. That's the *only* reason why Jerry is interested in cutting corporate taxes and regulations. 

George Shultz is a much more worthy spokesman, precisely because he is *not* making his support of carbon taxation conditional on handouts to the wealthy at the expense of everyone else. Shultz advocates for fee-and-dividend while Taylor only wants tax and regulatory cuts for his rich sponsors. That is a very major difference.  




 Yes, but Taylor isn't arguing for a fee-and-dividend approach, which would counteract the regressivity of a sales tax on fuels. Instead, he would use the revenues to cut taxes on the wealthy, leaving lower and middle income people to shoulder more of the overall tax burden.

He isn't alone in this. A [growing number of conservatives](http://www.theamericanconservative.com/articles/how-to-tax-carbon/) are beginning to see the need to price carbon as a chance to extort lucrative favors for their wealthy benefactors. Essentially, they've realized that they are losing the fight to ignore the climate mess, so now they are demanding payment for cooperation: "I'll support a carbon price, but only if you pay me while sticking it to everyone else".  




 And many of those students are [returning home after graduation](http://www.kauffman.org/newsroom/2012/07/foreign-national-students-in-us-plan-to-return-to-native-countries-post-graduation-kauffman-foundation-survey-shows). 




 Yes, and there are plenty of other conservative arguments for action: economic prosperity; personal accountability; protection of future political freedom; protection from high future taxes; stewardship of God's creation.

However, none of those seem to have been enough to move Jerry Taylor. Instead, it was the lure of shifting taxes onto the poor that drove him, because *that* will earn him a salary from conservative political sponsors. Ick. 














 "Would any member of the Bush family, whose ties to the fossil fuel industry resemble the mating embrace of the vampire squid, suddenly decide to kick that industry in the teeth by acknowledging the need to completely quit fossil fuels?"

Let me think... 




 Obama is expressly *not* targeting the mining of coal or tar sands. As the article says:

That paper, in particular, showed that the coal reserves in the Powder River basin in the West and the oil in Canadas tar sands had to be left largely untouched, and that there was no climate-friendly scenario in which any oil or gas could be drilled in the Arctic.

And yet Mr. Obama  acting on his own, since these are all executive actions requiring nothing from Congress  has opened huge swaths of the Powder River basin to new coal mining. Hes still studying whether to approve the Keystone XL pipeline, though the countrys leading climate scientists have all told him it would be a disaster. And now hes given Shell the green light [in the Arctic].

In other words, Obama caved in to the oilcos despite pleas from scientists to ban Arctic offshore drilling, completely contradicting his professed concern for the scientific consensus on climate, which says we have only a few precious decades to quit fossil fuels altogether.  




  I guess facts and progressives only go together when it ideologically suits you

Look who's talking. You misquoted cable stats, radio stats, newspaper stats. Your whole argument is merely a vague rage against "liberal media" when the fact is that only broadcast repetition really matters, and only rich conservative activists have the money to fund that. Face it: American media is now split between a beige, apolitical, old-school mainstream owned by giant corporations, and rabidly conservative propaganda channels run by activist billionaires and *their* giant corporations. The consequence is hatred now so intense that conservatives are bombing Federal buildings and Martin Luther King Day parades, assassinating liberal media figures, gunning down liberal church congregations, killing cops, and shooting up immigrant community centers, Jewish museums and medical clinics. All while calling themselves "patriots".  




  The most expensive part of running a business is personnel.

No longer. Each new industry seems to employ fewer than the last. Facebook is worth nearly as much as Walmart, yet it employs only 10,000 against Walmart's 2.2 million. When Facebook purchased Instagram for $1 billion last year, it got a thriving business with all of 12 employees plus the founder. That's the new world we're in. 




  First, the vast majority of Americans get their TV through cable

The "vast majority"? No, just [slightly more than half](http://www.tvnewscheck.com/article/47812/cable-penetration-hits-21year-low).

Second, CNBC has several liberal commentators.

Heh. As fiercely liberal as Santelli and Kudlow are stridently conservative? Are you sure you want to go there? 

you completely ignored, ABC, CBS, NBC, and PBS.

No, I simply pointed out that none of those have a dedicated political following as Fox does. And, for all the conservative crap about whether Scott Pelley or Ann Curry is more likely to raise a left eyebrow while delivering a conservative political story, it's just that: crap.

Yeah, liberals watch PBS, but not often for politics: its big shows are Downton Abbey, Nova, Sesame Street, Ken Burns docs and--saints preserve us--Celtic Fire. Its news is radically vanilla. Moyers is the only show I can think of that's truly leftist, and he gets just a single late hour a week (if that; many affiliates refuse to air him). Most importantly, the PBS audience is small, ranking well behind all commercial networks, including Fox. Only Fox is all politics, all the time, all over the place, and all from one heavily slanted point of view. 

just about every major newspaper, and thus their online newspaper as well, is biased to the left.

You must not be familiar with the Chicago Tribune, The Wall Street Journal or many of the other conservative rags that populate the US landscape (yet in shrinking numbers, like liberal papers, because, as I say, newspapers no longer count for much). 

And radio? It's huge and growing, and the whole medium is incredibly, one-sidedly political. It's also an especially popular medium in the rural and suburban areas where more conservatives live, and among heavy drivers, which conservatives tend to be. In my town we have no less than five rabidly, hatefully conservative stations without a single voice from the other side, and that's rather typical. 




 Yes, it is. Particularly if you are enjoying a tax break that others are not. 

 




 Nope, "Funky Groove" is pretty accurate in hard numbers terms. Those unbothered by rising inequality are overwhelmingly conservative, and conservatives have been steadily inflamed since the legalization of one-sided political television and radio networks after the 1987 shredding of the FCC fairness Doctrine. Yes, this allowed the rise of a few weak, underfunded liberal counterparts like MSNBC, but they lack anything close to the money and reach of News Corp ($67 billion market cap) or Clear Channel ($4 billion). For example, MSNBC features only 8 hours of political programming daily while Fox News's is 24/7; MSNBC is available only on cable while Fox News is both cable and broadcast; MSNBC is available on only some cable systems while Fox News is on nearly all; MSNBC is difficult to find beyond the US while Fox News is global; MSNBC's parent corporation, Comcast, also owns stridently conservative CNBC (Santelli, Kudlow, etc.) while Fox News's parent corporation is Rupert Murdoch's personal, conservative crusade. And so on. It's not too much to say that the United States is now ripped in two, with a third of Americans (older, Christian, rural/suburban) making right-wing political venom the primary ingredient in their media diet while the rest of the country more or less ignores politics.  

 




 In other words, this conservative fellow Taylor denied climate science completely until he saw it as an opportunity to shift still more taxes from the rich onto everyone else. Now he's a believer. Scumbag. 




 Mooney is usually right on target, but this article leaves out a critical fact: elevated CO2 [benefits wheat](https://books.google.com/books?id=LUSC9lT5Q8IC pg=PA524 lpg=PA524 dq=co2+to+raise+wheat+yield source=bl ots=k-Dtrrx1pz sig=EyHR793ByERIgOkIIxERxxC2WMI hl=en sa=X ei=WSpSVbX2JILpsAXd_oCoBg ved=0CEYQ6AEwBQ#v=onepage q=co2%20to%20raise%20wheat%20yield f=false) more than most crops. More heat and drought will certainly counteract this in hotter, drier wheat regions, but not in cooler ones. In other words, wheat farmers have much to fear in Texas but cause to celebrate in Washington State. 









 The better question: when are we going to notice that every national scientific academy on Earth now says we must leave half of present oil reserves forever unburned? 














 The other 36% was too busy voting. 




 Or, roughly the same share as thirty years ago. 




 Screenplays have taken over the niche. Television has replaced magazines as the dominant mass story medium, and writers who can create vivid, short-form tales have followed. If they're lucky, they make it into movies, although all too often posthumously (looking at you in the ground, Raymond Carver and Phillip K. Dick). 
























 Smile and ignore the [fugitive methane emissions](http://thinkprogress.org/climate/2015/05/08/3656343/fugitive-methane-on-the-loose-on-public-lands/). 









 Welcome to a vicious cycle: technology creates inequality; which raises the share of low-wage, low-skill jobs; which are most likely to be replaced by technology. 



















 Your first questions you can easily answer with a few searches, so I'll attempt to tackle the last. 

How long will global warming continue if we stop carbon pollution today? The answer is generally [a few centuries](http://www.realclimate.org/index.php/archives/2005/03/how-long-will-global-warming-last/), but no one really knows because we don't fully understand the role of feedbacks that may continue to release carbon from natural stores like forests, peatlands, tundra and seafloor methane hydrates. Based on paleoclimate data, there appear to be tipping points at which these feedbacks could even accelerate warming into a runaway excursion that may take millennia to subside, but, again, we don't know where those tipping points are, hence the global agreement that 2C warming is the most we can reasonably, somewhat safely tolerate (and many leading lights warn even that is too risky). 









 The researchers aren't saying that solar is the only solution, but merely an important one. 




 No, there are ample reasons for Oz's high prices beyond minimum wages. From the viewpoint of a fond visitor to your topless shores, you get the best of both worlds: high economic growth plus a distinct lack of despondency and desperation. 




 Beer is cheaper in the States as well, thank God. Still, the median Australian wage is far higher than the American, and your high minimum wage must have at least a little to do with that. 
 




 Visit museums, and spring for a guided or audio tour. Nearly every country has a good museum or two that showcases its ancient art, culture and history. You won't get the whole story, but you'll gain some understanding of the area's roots. 





























 Vote. And organize to overcome the political power of global fossil fuel money. Individual changes among rich-country citizens in energy use, meat consumption and reproduction are valuable, but they don't begin to  substitute for the force of law to reduce and then ban fossil fuels worldwide, which is what every national scientific academy on Earth says we must do within our lifetime.  




 Sez the Senator from Big Oil, whose snowball melted. 









  they just care more about having a new car.

And a boat, an RV, a couple of ATVs, and a rural or suburban home far from restive minorities and godless humanists. 







































 Paywalled. Here is text:

Even as oil rallies back above $60 a barrel, obituaries are being drafted. Oil majors face questions from shareholders concerned the threat of climate change means some of the reserves underpinning the companies will never be produced. In a recent report, HSBC urged investors to plan for this risk of stranded assets.

The risk is realand doesnt just boil down to efforts to curb climate change.

One warning: Saudi Arabias decision to keep pumping despite the drop in oil prices. Apart from taking market share back from higher-cost rivals, the countrys oil minister has indicated concern about long-term demand in the face of technological and regulatory threats.

Almost 1,400 climate policies had been enacted globally by 2013, according to the International Energy Agency, up from less than 200 in 2005. Meanwhile, although electric vehicles remain a tiny part of the global car market, they have grown phenomenally from virtually zero only five years ago.

One argument against such concerns is that oil-company valuations largely reflect the value of proven oil-and-gas reserves, likely to be produced before any serious disruptions happen.

Such thinking only holds, though, if you assume future cash flows will be distributed rather than reinvested. That is plainly not the industrys way. In the past decade, Exxon Mobil, Royal Dutch Shell and Chevron collectively reinvested 66% of operating cash flow, according to data from S P Capital IQ; buybacks and dividends equated to just 46%. Reporting first-quarter numbers last week, Exxon and Shell barely covered capital expenditure with cash from operations while Chevrons free cash flow was sharply negative.

In addition, more than half the last decades capital expenditure was spent post-2010. While producers test project economics under different scenarios, much of that investment was made at a time of triple-digit prices and the sector was clearly blindsided by oils collapse.

The dynamics of this drop, coming amid a massive investment boom, bring the threat of stranded assets much closer to today. Surveying 37 large oil companies, Citigroup estimates as much as 40% of the current investment cycleabout $1.4 trillionmay have gone into or be going into projects that struggle to generate acceptable returns at oil prices below $75 a barrel. Oil sands and liquefied natural gas projectswhich require large upfront investments and long schedules before generating positive cash flowslook especially exposed. Right now, Brent crude futures for the next five years average about $74 a barrel.

Ultimately, the mismatch between those prices and project economics set up another cycle of investment falling, supply tightening, and prices rising again. But in this cycle, there are two added risks.

First, the shale boom, which helped generate the excess supply weighing on prices today, represents a deflationary force. Productivity gains have reduced break-even prices for U.S. oil output, making some shale basins more competitive than traditional sources such as the Gulf of Mexico, the North Sea and Russia. And the recent rally on signs of U.S. production flattening out also enables exploration and production firms to finance future drilling.

Second, Saudi Arabias decision to prioritize market share is also deflationary. If Riyadh is genuinely worried about increasing regulatory and technological curbs on long-term oil demand, it has an incentive to keep pumping at high rates. Cheaper oil helps to deter or delay efforts to limit consumption. More important, if you produce a commodity and suspect its days may be numbered, then it is far better to get as much out of the ground now rather than wait.

This is the dilemma in which Big Oil finds itself. Having sunk billions into the ground in recent years, several majors are banking on a rebound to triple-digit oil soon. Such an outcome would offer relief initially. But it would also enable rival supply from shale producers with much shorter production cycles and spur greater efforts to make Saudi Arabias deepest fear a reality. Oil demand doesnt have to disappear altogether to leave a producer with stranded assets; they can just be sitting on uncompetitive ones. 





























 Big Oils Disruptive Climate Change: Oil majors face a real risk of stranded assetsand not just related to efforts to limit carbon emissions.

By LIAM DENNING
May 6, 2015 1:48 p.m. ET

Even as oil rallies back above $60 a barrel, obituaries are being drafted. Oil majors face questions from shareholders concerned the threat of climate change means some of the reserves underpinning the companies will never be produced. In a recent report, HSBC urged investors to plan for this risk of stranded assets.

The risk is realand doesnt just boil down to efforts to curb climate change.

One warning: Saudi Arabias decision to keep pumping despite the drop in oil prices. Apart from taking market share back from higher-cost rivals, the countrys oil minister has indicated concern about long-term demand in the face of technological and regulatory threats.

Almost 1,400 climate policies had been enacted globally by 2013, according to the International Energy Agency, up from less than 200 in 2005. Meanwhile, although electric vehicles remain a tiny part of the global car market, they have grown phenomenally from virtually zero only five years ago.

One argument against such concerns is that oil-company valuations largely reflect the value of proven oil-and-gas reserves, likely to be produced before any serious disruptions happen.

Such thinking only holds, though, if you assume future cash flows will be distributed rather than reinvested. That is plainly not the industrys way. In the past decade, Exxon Mobil, Royal Dutch Shell and Chevron collectively reinvested 66% of operating cash flow, according to data from S P Capital IQ; buybacks and dividends equated to just 46%. Reporting first-quarter numbers last week, Exxon and Shell barely covered capital expenditure with cash from operations while Chevrons free cash flow was sharply negative.

In addition, more than half the last decades capital expenditure was spent post-2010. While producers test project economics under different scenarios, much of that investment was made at a time of triple-digit prices and the sector was clearly blindsided by oils collapse.

The dynamics of this drop, coming amid a massive investment boom, bring the threat of stranded assets much closer to today. Surveying 37 large oil companies, Citigroup estimates as much as 40% of the current investment cycleabout $1.4 trillionmay have gone into or be going into projects that struggle to generate acceptable returns at oil prices below $75 a barrel. Oil sands and liquefied natural gas projectswhich require large upfront investments and long schedules before generating positive cash flowslook especially exposed. Right now, Brent crude futures for the next five years average about $74 a barrel.

Ultimately, the mismatch between those prices and project economics set up another cycle of investment falling, supply tightening, and prices rising again. But in this cycle, there are two added risks.

First, the shale boom, which helped generate the excess supply weighing on prices today, represents a deflationary force. Productivity gains have reduced break-even prices for U.S. oil output, making some shale basins more competitive than traditional sources such as the Gulf of Mexico, the North Sea and Russia. And the recent rally on signs of U.S. production flattening out also enables exploration and production firms to finance future drilling.

Second, Saudi Arabias decision to prioritize market share is also deflationary. If Riyadh is genuinely worried about increasing regulatory and technological curbs on long-term oil demand, it has an incentive to keep pumping at high rates. Cheaper oil helps to deter or delay efforts to limit consumption. More important, if you produce a commodity and suspect its days may be numbered, then it is far better to get as much out of the ground now rather than wait.

This is the dilemma in which Big Oil finds itself. Having sunk billions into the ground in recent years, several majors are banking on a rebound to triple-digit oil soon. Such an outcome would offer relief initially. But it would also enable rival supply from shale producers with much shorter production cycles and spur greater efforts to make Saudi Arabias deepest fear a reality. Oil demand doesnt have to disappear altogether to leave a producer with stranded assets; they can just be sitting on uncompetitive ones. 




 Sorry, I'm only falsely sweet. 




 Naomi Oreskes nails it again. 




 Or automation's owners could just cut rich-country consumers out of the economic loop, selling to the rising middle class in more populous poor countries instead, while fomenting bitter political divisiveness among rich-country voters in order to neutralize their ability to interfere. 














 The difference would be that no one is *paid* to espouse atheism, but every one of these whores depends on the fossil fuel industry to keep them in office. 



















 Wha...? The last time atmospheric CO2 exceeded 1000 ppm, 56 million years ago during the [Paleocene-Eocene Thermal Maximum](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PaleoceneEocene_Thermal_Maximum), the climate cooked by 6C and species changed dramatically, including a mass extinction in the oceans. Sea levels rose hundreds of feet, the oceans turned acidic and semi-putrid, storms were horrendous. And that was during a warming that occurred over tens of thousands of years, when life had time to adapt. Today, we are on our way to reproducing these effects many, many times faster. 
























 [Extremely unlikely.](http://www.epa.gov/climatestudents/documents/temp-and-co2.pdf) (See table on p.8.) 




  There are many degrees and related jobs that don't make enough money to warrant spending 10's of thousands or even $100k on a degree. That's why we've seen so many stories of Liberal Arts degreed people ending up working in low paying jobs

Agreed, a diploma is no guarantee of a career, but most smart young Americans of middling means reasonably see their choices as: A) A costly degree that *probably* leads to a good job and social status; B) Military service that *certainly* means personal debasement, physical hardship and celebration of violence, or C) A long struggle in limbo as a low-wage earner trying to train for something--anything--better. Given that choice, should we be surprised that most at least try to choose Option A? 




  We've beating it into people that you need to go to college to make a decent living. 

In the US, one *does* need to go to college to make a decent living. That's the driver here. The cry for public assistance follows. I admit, it's a chicken-or-egg problem, but the root cause has to be the undeniable *need* for a diploma to get most middle class jobs now.

 Trade schools and apprenticeships are good too.

Rarely. The US lacks three things that other nations depend upon to educate most workers: 1) Free, high-quality, universal trade schooling that begins in high school and continues beyond; 2) A dependable track to employment for trade school grads; 3) Job security and benefits for skilled labor.

For all intents and purposes, the US military is the nation's technical school, but it's a poor one, never mind the outrageous inequity of telling the poorer half of young people to go dodge IEDs in occupied countries if they ever want a decent job. 


































 Great comments from others here. I'll just add that I think it unlikely that future tax changes are much of a threat. Installing more solar is a state, national and global priority that will only grow stronger, and California has a huge number of existing solar customers who won't stand for being reamed. 














 Nothing new here. Let's face it: religion itself has been the leading cause of tribalism and violence since humans emerged from Africa, exterminating long-established populations of Neanderthals, Denisovans and likely other near-human strains across Eurasia. Every effort to move beyond that bloody history runs into yet another backward band of tribal, religious agitators. 
























 That's because the political party that's been running the country for most of the past forty years--the Republicans--may as well call themselves the "Cheap Gasoline Party". It's part of how they buy the loyalty of their rural/suburban base.  




 NYC may be the greenest central city, but it actually ranks number four among American metro areas for lowest per capita carbon emissions, although metrics are tricky, as [this list](http://news.mongabay.com/2008/0530-footprint.html) shows. 

Not surprising to see Honolulu number one, due to its density as well as its low needs for heating and cooling buildings.  




 I generally go with the experts on issues with cost/benefit analyses this complicated, and [here](http://thebreakthrough.org/index.php/programs/energy-and-climate/top-climate-scientists-urge-support-of-nuclear-power) is what many of the world's leading climate scientists are saying: we cannot dependably solve the climate mess fast enough without nuclear power as part of the solution. 




 Paywalled
 




 My wife's employer organized bike-to-work-day rides from several areas surrounding their suburban campus. Groups would form for each neighborhood/area and ride in together. Very popular.
 














 Meanwhile, the quarter of US Congress members who are Catholic appear likely to listen to [fossil fuel industry money instead](http://insideclimatenews.org/news/01052015/pope-francis-unlikely-sway-catholic-republicans-climate-change). 



















 If there's any doubt about why the world's richest, most-polluting folk are indifferent, look at the list of Climate Vulnerable Forum members: Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Barbados, Bhutan, Costa Rica, Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Kiribati, Madagascar, Maldives, Nepal, Philippines, Rwanda, Saint Lucia, Tanzania, Timor-Leste, Tuvalu, Vanuatu and Vietnam. 



















 [So is this.](http://grist.org/climate-energy/these-teens-are-taking-their-climate-lawsuit-all-the-way-to-the-supreme-court/) And, better yet, [this](http://web.law.columbia.edu/climate-change/resources/us-climate-change-litigation-chart). 




 Think of it this way instead: 80% of Americans are not hardcore climate deniers, and at least occasionally listen to reason. If you had told me twenty years ago that the US would now have a black president, with most states legalizing gay marriage and several legalizing weed, I would have called you crazy, yet here we are. 




 And this is what makes arguing with an entrenched cynic like *you* pointless. Even your example table shows the nat gas share of generation slumping over the next two decades while renewables increase. This is from the highly conservative, fossil fueled EIA.

As for their longer-term contention that fossil fuel use--especially coal--will remain steady into midcentury, fuggedaboudit. Climate reality is biting us all, even the carbon bureaucrats at the EIA.  




 A country? Four countries, actually. Some would say five or six. 




 In other news, Republican politicians are [nine times](http://grist.org/politics/heres-why-the-gop-just-loves-fossil-fuels/) *more* likely to accept campaign money from fossil fuel companies.  




 I discovered a wonderful cure for that feeling: fight the fuckers. The more they hurt, the better I feel. 




 Very old news.

Still, I can hardly wait until they repeal the law of gravity so I can finally get my flying car. 




 "Coal and natural gas (both fossil fuels) are just as important in power generation in 2015 as they ever have been"

[Check again.](http://www.eia.gov/forecasts/steo/images/Fig25.png) Coal has fallen from 55% of total US generation to 36% today, and it's now dropping faster. Gas picked up most of the slack, but its share is forecast by the EIA to begin dropping now as renewables take up more of the total. Nuclear's share will grow soon after.

One needn't be a starry-eyed idealist to realize that when the entire world scientific community unites to warn that all fossil fuel burning must end within our lifetimes, that inevitably means trouble for fossil fuel companies.  




 Again, the point is not that solar and wind are wonderful investments but that coal is death itself. If you had invested in BTU, the largest US coal supplier, four years ago and held on, you would have lost roughly 90% of that money, including a 4.65% collapse today.  




 And where did those four chains come from? From underdog status, of course. 

This reminds me of those who said the US grocery market would soon be a Walmart monopsony. Didn't turn out that way at all.  




 Because shorting is a matter of choosing a narrow window of time, and fossil fuel prices will continue to wildly fluctuate while trending downward. Pick the wrong time period and you're screwed.

The MSCI and Aperio studies merely show that a slight but steady delta is opening, suggesting that just generally avoiding fossil fuel companies is profitable in itself, not to mention more morally conscionable.  




 Okay, but how many Americans actually *view* climate as a moral issue? How many Republicans do?  




 Air leakage is a biggie. Energy loss through windows, doors and roofs is another. Both are easily measured. Pressure tests can quantify air leakage, while heat imaging can pinpoint energy loss trouble points. 

Any firm that does building energy audits should be able to handle this.  




  They'll be the ones buying up renewable firms/developing their own renewables once it becomes profitable to do so. 

The few oilcos that tried diversifying into renewable energy have all backed away, often after locking up patents that could threaten their core business. 

Coal is now a dead man walking, and oil is next. That doesn't mean that overweighting solar is smart; it merely means that staying with fossil fuels is stupid (not to mention destructive). 




 It's all good. Very sound and solid.  




 Do you realize how many older investors in this sub *wish* they could have had $10-20K to invest in stocks at age 25? Don't wait. 

Also, don't forget foreign indexes. Be bold with 20% of your money, putting it into a hot sector fund that backs useful, growing industries (biotech, renewable energy, internet, etc.). If you can, avoid fossil fuels; they are a drag on the wider indexes, and will only become more so. 




