 The same glitch that caused the c9 second place 




 MPen is more important then AP. Kog has low AP ratios but pretty high bases. My general build goes tear, Guise, Sorcs, Rylais, Void, Ludens. You can take a death cap over Ludens if you want more consistent DPS over higher burst (this is only if you consistently hit every ult), or Grail instead for more spammability. I'm not a fan of a defensive item as you can duel basically anyone who dives you in a 1v1 with your exhaust up, but if there's more then one person you mispositioned badly and you'll likely die anyways. 

For advice just farm as safely as you can until 6, and from there just afk farm until level 11. Once you hit level 7 you can basically perma shove the enemy laner into their tower as a E + ult clears the caster minions. In team fights just spam ult for the most of it, don't get greedy and try getting into  auto attack range unless you're cleaning up or duelling a diver. You can basically duel anybody that isn't a mobile assassin late game if you have your exhaust up.  




 I think everyone is still too hard on him. He's no longer the top adc NA, but he is still solid. NA actually has quite a bit of adc talent, and he's still in the upper end of it. I doubt they'll find anyone that is stronger then him without resorting to importing a Korean or Chinese person, which is quite risky compared to the potential reward IMO. 




 Essentially they either got nerfed (Alistar, Fizz), reworked (Zilean, Tristana), or the meta game shifted into a position where they're less useful (Twitch, Rengar) 




 Pro tip: auto attack it first so it starts fleeing, and then Q in its path. You'll likely kill it before it leaves dust trail. I agree though, letting it have a trail would be nice. 




 Terror capacitor  




 I have two selfish halves. One wants to see the classic c9 roster stay together forever, and the other wants them to pick up incarnati0n and become a truly world class team.  




 Just pick a snowbally bruiser like Irelia, Hecarim or Riven. Proceed to smash lane, and hard carry the game. I climbed out of bronze this season with a 90% Irelia win rate. 




 cloud 9 has a pretty nice setup. 




 I wouldn't call Irelia a 'lane wrecker'. She's actually fairly weak early lane 




 Then it's perfect! 10% CDR on ghost blade and 20 on Black cleaver. Best of both worlds  




 People point out c9 as showing that friendship works, but in their dominance they also had the #1 jungler and top laners, as well as very strong mid/adc/support.  




 I'd say Lustboy, Xpecial, and Aphro all are stronger supports overall. Then its between him and Bunny IMO. Lemon is slightly weaker mechanically (especially with bunny's thresh), but has superior vision control and game knowledge. 




 If anyones underrated, its Lemon. Everyone talks of him like he's a trash support with only a good brain. He might not be a mechanical god, but he's still quite solid. I'd argue 4/5th best NA? 




 Bjergsen has too in NA 




 You must not have ever watched a single c9 game back in s3 then. Sneaky was the 'utility adc' who played Ashe in the majority of his games. If you look at any reviews/game threads of c9 back then, they would all say the same thing. Meteos and balls were the hard carries, Hai was a strong secondary carry, and the bot lane was seen as 'the weakest point' of c9.  




 I wouldn't say that. Historically sneaky was the person known for doing the most with little. Only in recent times has sneaky really had to be the main carry, due to hai and balls slumping early this split. Plus if you look at the fold distribution, it shows that meteos is actually the one with the highest gold priority in respect to other roles. Sneaky is dead even with the average gold alloted to an adc. 




 Turtle is underrated, however it is still hard to justify him over sneaky for best ADC NA. Sneaky is just stupidly consistent, while turtle is known for occasionally positioning wrong and getting caught. Plus he is still able to hard carry games just as often as turtle does. 




 He's been playing on his smurf the most. It's called BIG HUEVOS or something like that. It's in masters and has seen a lot of play 




 A big thing people forget is how Lucians passive and BOTRK work. You do 16 percent of a enemies current health with it because of the double-shot. This actually lets him melt tanks fairly well in this meta 




 The thing about Irelia Darius matchup is that she can still stagnate the lane by maxing E and disengaging when darius tries anything. You will end up losing lane and everything, but it's survivable. 




 I thought the same thing, but he's just on his different accounts. The main one seems to be called something like BIG HUEV0S or something like that. 




 He already is contracted with a team. 




 If he was going to retire, he wouldn't announce it until after playoffs. Even then, I still had a mini panic attack. No matter what happens, I just want to see the roster hoist the trophy at least one more time before somebody leaves. 




 If Hai leaves, it will be from his choice, that he believes it will benefit c9. They've made it pretty clear that everybody on c9 will have a spot until they choose to leave (excluding extreme circumstances). Especially the captain who founded c9 in the first place. 




 The thing about smitevicious, or regi's blue cards, or anything like that is that they are clearly fun jokes. It's something that you can laugh at yourself about. Insulting somebody about a physical feature has nothing to do with that 




 Sneaky always looks strong even when C9 was at its worst 




 So you mean aggressive? 




 The one thing is that crit still wouldn't affect damage abilities. So while it would make your auto attacks hurt more consistently, it won't effect a Lucians Q, or a Jinx W. It also would likely have a cap still. 




 Because that definitely happened when people posted Lemon's Veigar and Naut 




 Yo 




 A friendly team doesn't automatically lead to success, it just makes it easier. Assuming equally skilled teams, the team with a good team environment will have MUCH more success then the team with a bad environment. A good team environment leads to better practises, more improvement,  and a lesser chance to tilt. However, a skilled team that doesn't get along the greatest is still better then a bad team that are best friends.  




 0/3 the dream 




 I'm pretty sure he was considered *the* best Zed at some point. 




 It is slightly satirical, but in a playful way  




 I'd still personally put Vi over rek'sai for solo queue. It feels like rek is too team dependent, and doesn't have the same 'solo carry' potential that vi does. 




 Taco Bell can though, or at least that's what my butthole tells me after. 




 That was arguably c9's worst game in their entire competitive careers. You can't base a persons play style off of a single game where the team decided to try to cheese a win with a completely different play style. 




 The problem with Meteos and Rush being compared is they play entirely different styles. Rush is high risk high reward, leading to him either snowballing the game or falling way behind and being useless. Meteos is low risk medium reward, meaning that he rarely will snowball a game out of control single handedly, but he  will slowly gain a gold and vision lead over the other jungler, with the downside that he won't pressure the lanes as hard unless he's guaranteed to get a kill out of it. Both junglers styles suit the styles that their team relies on, with TIP being a team that relies on snowballing and then forcing team fights, and c9 focusing on outrotating the other team until they suddenly have a 8k gold lead despite being even in kills. 




 Pretty decent article altogether. The only mistake I see you made is that you said pepi was relegated to the challenger series. MYM was the team that got auto relegated, not Giants.  




 I'm curious, who would you consider the best western jungler then? It's fairly close, with plenty of arguments for the best. Meteos is definitely near the top of the pack though, so saying he's the best definitely isn't laughable. It's not like adc where calling someone who isn't forgiven or sneaky the best is laughable. 




 He's being picked a good amount in competitive/high elo right now. He's actually pretty decent, not OP, but still an all around solid pick. 




 Ap Kog is a monster though. Your ult has a .2 second cool down, with a massive range level 11+. You can bully anybody out of lane with your E spam too. 




 That tweet is meteos trolling. The account put in the games with them isn't actually incarnation 




 Meteos does a lot of c9s shot calling in recent times though. I would have faith in him to keep it near the same level, especially if hai is a coach 




 The sneaky lemon bot lane is doing great though. The last thing you would want to do is break it up, especially with the way sneaky has been playing in recent times. 




 AP kog is stronger IMO late game. He has insane poke, decent burst, (you can actually one-shot squishies mid-late game with your full combo), your autos hit for 11% of max health, and you are surprisingly a very strong duelist, especially if you have exhaust up. (I've dueled late game Jarvans, Vi's, Nocturnes, and pretty much any other diving champ). The problem is that it takes so long to get to that state. You're near useless until level 11. Once you hit 16 though you're a god. 

Ad Kog is much stronger early on, and still scales very well. You trade poke and burst for higher single target DPS (even though AP Kog is still no slouch at that). He actually requires more teamwork as you have to be in auto range to do damage, requiring more peel. He's safer in lane due to having a support as well. His item powerspikes are much more defined (a kog'maw with a early Triforce is always a threat), while a fed AP Kog is still mediocre in comparison until he hits 11.

It's really a matter of preference. AD Kog takes less time to scale up, while still being a late game monster. AP Kog is oppressive post-16, and safer if you have an inkling of proper positioning. I personally prefer ap Kog, as he's a blast to play, but it's truly up to you. 




 When the announcer says "an enemy is godlike", in that whispered tone. It feels like she's saying "gg ez" 




 Especially if you look at how the team styles are +lane match ups. TIP is great at snowballing, but struggles at catching up. I trust XWX to go even with Bjergsen in lane (as long as he doesn't try to force yasuo again), and Adrian/Apollo consistently have a even lane down bot. This leaves top lane, where they leave dyrus out to dry. Rush will camp that lane, and put dyrus way behind, and snowball impact. Impact is one of the only carry top owners left, which works perfectly with dyrus tending to feed recently. As long as XWX just farms up and doesn't do anything risky early on, I definitely think TIP should win. 




 The problem with Corki is once late game hits, you won't be able to kill a tank at a decent speed compared to basically any adc. Triforce procs fall off, your Q and R won't do any damage to tanks with some MR, and you have terrible attack speed scaling + no real crit. You're all gambling on snowballing mid game against a hyper tank with Corki 




 All jokes aside, he has a amazing lvl 2 powerspike as support. 




 I have a gut feeling that TIP will upset TSM, and C9 will win the finals 3-1. But maybe I'm just crazy 




 The thing about meteos is that he is the most efficient jungler in NA. Rush plays a high risk high reward style, which means he either snowballs the game or falls quite behind. Meteos might not gank as much, but pretty much any gank he ever does is successful, and while other junglers might be trying to force ganks, he's slowly gaining a gold and vision lead over them. He's a low risk medium reward style. I'm not saying one style is better then the other, both are effective and suit their fellow teams. It's just hard to rank one jungler over the other purely because they are polar opposites. 




 It was a 27 minute game. I wouldn't call that 'rather slowly' 




 Jarvan is specifically picked as a counter to liss in lane. He can just jump on her and out trade her every time. 




 To be fair, that's exactly how Hai plays, and it works for them. 




 It's CLG nearing playoffs. That's all you need to know 




 I'm pretty sure I saw a porno titled that as well 




 He's still a pretty strong pick. He's just not in the meta right now. His damage output is fairly low, and with the resurgence of tanks it's hard for him to really do too much.  




 This game is huge for c9 though. They can get a playoff bye by winning, and also they have the chance to shut up anybody who says that they've fallen off.  




 Lux's snare needs to be slow. She can 100-0 any non-tank that she hits with her snare mid-late game, from an absurd range away.  




 I found it really boring tbh. It was 60 minutes of Anivia wave clear. 




 Gleeb played pretty damn great. So yes, #keepgleeb 




 Props to Gleeb, he played great 




 Ever since he has gotten the wrist braces he has had a massive improvement tbh. The last few weeks he's been solid, not a Bjergsen or XWX, but he does his job (which isn't to 1v5) 




 His Mao is pretty good to be fair 




 It's a skill matchup more then anything.  




 His [passive picture](http://hydra-media.cursecdn.com/lol.gamepedia.com/6/6c/RelentlessAssault.jpg?version=6567cf34537ff3b07e62f76c9a8d2209) is actually him catching a fish. 




 1. He doesn't speak English

2. He's not good enough to break up the chemistry + language barrier for

3. Cloud 9 hates imports 




 I'm so hyped for meteos to bring back the Zac. The return of the 27 KDA? 




 It's been mathematically proven that a phantom dancer will outdps a last whisper in like 99% of the time for Kog. The usual build you end up seeing is Triforce, Botrk, Infinity edge, phantom dancer, with a defensive item picked up at some point in there.  




 Lane eve has some pretty decent trades actually. Get a couple points in Q and max E. With good positioning you can Q through minions for free harass, and once you get a sheen your E chunks. You're no lane bully or anything, but your lane is still decent. 




 They have to place first in the challenger series playoffs. 




 The position with the most talent in NA imo is support. It'll be hard for him to beat out the existing members for a spot on the remaining teams. I agree that WFX is really the only place open, but Gleeb isn't really *that* bad and it would make sense just to keep him 




 Reddit bitching at its finest. They've done it for every champion, and are compensating you sufficiently. Shit happens, sometimes you just got to suck it up. 




 I'm not a fan of Zhonyas tbh. There's two situations that occur. The first is a single diver, which you can exhaust, and burst/kite out. If there's two or more divers, the Enemy team either got a good flank, or you positioned wrong. Either way you need to
GTFO, and staying still for a Zhonyas is the exact opposite of it.  




 Xiaoweixiao second best mid laner NA (if he stays off yasuo)

Impact top three top laner in NA

Rush top three jungle in NA 




 It's a low risk/ high reward thing. Odds are you won't need the 1AD, the worst that will come out of it is a missed CS very rarely. While the upside is that very rarely you can win a lane on one lucky crit. 




 XWX is known for his massive champion pool. Yasuo is just his favourite champion and he got cocky and wanted to play with him.  




 Let's try this shit 




 I really enjoy the item on Ap Kog, it really synergizes with his kit. The only thing is, you shouldn't be building pure ap on Kog. Magic pen ap because of his bad ult ratio. I find that Archangels, liandries, Rylais, sorc shoes, void staff, Ludens is the best overall build. 




 Ezreal wouldn't have a chance to get past their tank line. Same with Corki (past midgame). It's pretty much a lose-lose for any ADC against that comp. Wayyy too much Cc for anyone to handle. 




 Kassadins still 'viable' IMO.  




 Jarvan scales so well with every stat on warrior that I wouldn't give it up. If you want extra damage I would honestly just get a second brutalizer. Cinder hulk isn't really the greatest on him anyhow, as you're not building full tank, and your clear is fairly strong as is.  




 They were both watching the fight by baron and lost focus on where they were 




 XWX on yasuo is a beautiful thing  




 I feel bad for c9 recently. They have the highest expectations of any NA Team, so if they win people treat it like its nothing special, but if they lose everyone talks about how trash c9 is recently, and they need to roster swap everybody. Like they aren't at their normal form but they're still 3rd in the LCS. 




 It truly is champion/role/situation dependent. If you're an ADC/APC, it's best to just play it super safe and get your damage items. As a top laner usually you will go tanky if your behind and damage if your ahead. Purely because building tank means you will survive longer in lane, which means you'll have more gold to catch up. Or since jungler are already gold starved, it's best to build tanky when your behind as one of them. It is really situational though, just because I'm 0/2 on irelia doesn't mean I stop rushing the triforce and start building a randuins, the spike from the completed triforce will give me a better chance to come back in the game then a bit of tankiness.  




 That's the thing. Anybody who has ever been on a team environment knows that you never throw a teammate under the bus. You can confront them, but you don't get your teammates possibly kicked off for something that won't directly harm themselves or another person. 




 He is a person who legitamately wants to run a e-sports organization, and has shown he is willing to put his time and effort into making a successful team. I hope he doesn't end up being vilified  




 1,2 get a first round bye for playoffs  3-6 play In the playoffs. 7 misses playoffs but doesn't go to relegations. 8,9 play relegation matches, 10 gets autorelegated. 




 It honestly depends on the jungler and laner. If I have a zed mid, and I'm Amumu jungle, I will take the blue buff every time. Sure, it helps him, but it helps me even more.  




 Xin Zhao, Pantheon, Rammus, are all relatively cheap and very easy to gank early on with. Xin and Panth you can pretty much point and click somebody level 3 for a kill. None of them require any skillshots either. 




 He's definitely in the top 3 though. Udyr and Jax could beat him most likely though . 




 Sorry, but I doubt that Xin can deal with a late game Jax or Nasus. He's very auto attack dependent, and both of them have direct counter to auto attack duelists in their kit. Plus they are both naturally tankier and have higher damage outputs in their kit. I agree that he destroys all 3 of them early game, but once irelia grabs her triforce, Jax gets a couple items, or nasus hits a couple hundred stacks they can all easily 1v1 them. Xin is still a very good duelist, just that the three you mentioned are arguably the strongest in the game at some point. 




 Try nocturne. He has amazing waveclear, shreds towers with all of his bonus stats, a great duelist, plus decent escapability. Ideally, you want to ward the enemy jungle, and wait for someone you can 1v1 to pass through the jungle to defend your push. You ult onto them, pick them off and either have a free turret, or give your team a 4v3 advantage.  




 Actually blame yourself for split pushing against a team with hard engage that is ahead enough to dive 5v4 




 Yeah. The bottom placed team (Coast) will be automatically relegated and replaced with the #1 challenger team (likely NME). The second and third last (likely DIG and Winterfox) will play a Bo5 against the second and third challenger teams for the LCS spots. The rest of the teams will be safe until the summer split starts. 




 Cass is a fairly common pick IMO, but yorick and naut support? Not so much  




 Also, picking someone like Jax/zed and just relentlessly split pushing against them can help. A downside of their comp is that they have zero strong duelists, and they will be forced to bring lulu up to prevent them from getting anything. Without lulu this comp can't really do too much so it should be an easy 4v4 




 Shiv gives burst and an earlier powerspike + waveclear. PD gives superior DPS and a better kiting passive. So you usually go Shiv on people like Graves or Lucian, and PD on Jinx or Cait (who are auto attack focused instead of caster focused) 




