




 "If I did not love America, I would not have moved here from Kenya." Classic! 














 We will see if he can stay healthy for once and live up to the hype.  




 An incredible 99% of all Americans agree: ice cream tastes great. 




 Don't forget your sunglasses. 




 Is there anyone left in the Padres farm system? 




 Must be Spring Training for singers too. 




 Andreas would mop the floor with that guy. The only thing Preston Byrne cares about is a ledger system of some sort. The rest of crypto, he is glad to write about, but his articles show that he understands it quite poorly or even erroneously. Every time he opens his mouth or publishes something, he pretty much self-identifies himself as a first class moron. 




 Princess Leia, please defrost me! 




 Not sure I want these clowns devoting their full attention. 




 This is great to see. 




 There's no free lunch. These must slow down the water flow somewhat. If there's no issue with low water pressure or with using more energy to pump the water, then this sounds great.  




 I sure hope he introduced himself to that kid afterwards. Total moron if he didn't make that kid's day.  




 There's always one oddball position on every team: the kicker, the goalie, etc. I thought it was the catcher in baseball, but centerman may take the cake! 




 Some of them come to the US after a successful (half or part) career in Japan or Korea, so by the time they get here, they're older than your average rookie. Maintaining that quality at such a high level is tough for more than a few years for any pitcher. And in general, the quality of those Asian leagues is still AA or AAA at best, so there still aren't many who rise to major league quality level. There are some that have lasted a while, such as Hideo Nomo or Chan Ho Park. 




 Take advantage of early voting. Don't leave it all until one day.  









 Or if somebody's mired in a deep slump and he really needs the guy behind him to get a shot.  




 Does it come with sparkly Rainbow Brite icons? 




 They just fixed the issue. Should go back up soon, unless market forces hold it low. Lots of positive news on the way.  




 Ah, that explains a lot actually.  




 He'd better not use "Rafael" on the ballots. GOP primary voters will think he swam the Rio Grande.  




 That's pretty funny. 




 It doesn't seem to matter. Cruz had an American parent. McCain was born in the Panama Canal Zone and that didn't really become a big issue. Now if either one had been born in Mexico, they'd be labelled an illegal, but Canada? That's white enough for anyone in the GOP. 




 The only question in my mind: Is Ted Cruz's candidacy worse for Democrats or for Republicans? Probably the latter, since he's going to make some ugly headlines and say some nasty things at debates that characterize the extreme wing. Then again, it makes the moderates look like saints if they manage not to be tarred with his brush.  




 Yes, I've seen your posts before. I like Peercoin also. Not all members there are wild about NuBots, though it has some fans. 




 I agree with xeroc. And do your own research. If you're relying on forum posters to win you over with the best argument, that's an inferior way to inform yourself about important subjects. My answer: one relies on big wigs and bots; the other uses the free market to hold its peg in a decentralized exchange. To be fair, both are useful innovations. 




 Trolls, there's hope for you yet.  




 I actually agree. But one could make the argument that having him involved at Reds camps and throwing out the first pitch at a game, etc., would be less serious than giving him HOF consideration.  




 You are correct. Or theoretically, they could do the opposite: Keep the hall rule but let him back in the "game". I'm in favor of leaving the hall part up to voters, though, because those voters have shown discretion about the steroid-era candidates already. No chance Pete gets in now.  




 Is that the Fouke Monster? 




 Griffey must have been driven pretty hard. He was a 'can't miss' prospect from the time he was a kid; that's a lot of expectation for a young person. As warranted as the hype was in his case, it's never fair to do this to young people.  




 We're all holding our breath still on Bter. THe good news is that they've enabled some withdrawals and they're doing things they probably wouldn't have to be doing if they were simply closing and running away with everyone's money. But no telling what this has cost them and what impact that will have. Hopefully, the snapshots are honored, even if they have to include a bit of a discount.  




 Hold on; I've got a guy on the other line asking about some whitewalls.  




 Point well taken. But at least it means no official oil and gas exploration.  




 Wonderful news! 




 Satoshi discussed it with Dan Larimer, who later founded BitShares. This is one of their conversations.

https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=532.msg6269#msg6269 




 Hate to say it, but you just described BitShares pretty well. I'm a big fan of Bitcoin; Satoshi himself admitted it wasn't designed to be used for instant transactions, etc. If you use Bitcoin in combination with BitUSD through the BitShares decentralized exchange, as Roger Ver indicated in a recent video, you can have scalability, instant transactions, zero volatility, and keep your Bitcoin.  




 Desalinate some ocean water. I know it has some ecological impacts, which must be addressed, and that it uses energy, but cost and the energy impact are both a lot less than a pipeline from Canada or towing icebergs.  




 And perhaps a setting for Conan Doyle's Lost World, which in turn helped inspire Jurassic Park and countless others.  




