 Good for them. I used to live next to Tufts and can say they seemed like the least apathetic/most politically aware kids in the Boston area. 




 I think your shift key may have some gunk weighing it down. 




 I hope that's it. And I really have very little against him. I just like to ignore Presidential campaign politics for as long as I can. 




 Holy crap, didn't see that. But this is a very old rumor, one I heard about when I was a kid. Barbara Bush's mother did meet Crowley and Aleister and Barbara look very similar. 




 You're spot on. And Kubrick was God. He absolutely exposed everything to anyone able to read his films. He was playing hyperdimensional chess with his audiences. 




 Not sure I follow you. 




 JFK was the last President who was foolish enough to think that the Presidency has any control over the military establishment. Stanley Kubrick said something once to the extent that you should run away in fear from anyone in power and from anyone who even wants to be in power. 




 At the very least, Barbara Bush is the spitting image of the Great Beast. 









 I wonder if it's easier to get on the front page from conspiracy in terms of lower vote count than from other subs? I mean I don't hate Sanders but political spamming two years before the election gets on my nerves. 




 And some more stuff: http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/article3255.htm 




 The pollution in this region on both sides of the border is intense.

 









 [Sheldon Adelson bribed Chinese officials to get his casino in Macau](http://mediamatters.org/blog/2014/03/31/bribery-money-laundering-and-islamaphobia-the-s/198684) 




 Good Howard Zinn lecture on this: [The Three Holy Wars](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XUBYI97cUgU) 




 Who the fuck is voting this comment down? I don't trust these Sanders postings at all. They seem to be coordinated. 




 I used to like Bernie Sanders but all these Bernie Sanders postings have convinced me that he's probably a schmuck just like all the other ones. Anyone who would run for high office is probably a mental case. 




 This stuff is pretty intense and weird but I would be interested to read anyone's opinion about it. 









 The conspiracy is more in the sanitization of the military in this age of embedded journalism. This is a historical piece which muddies that picture. Obviously a piece that was originally published in the New York Times was hardly a secret, but it came in the pre-digital age and deserves to be discussed in a forum where people haven't been completely lulled to sleep when it comes to discussing the reality of the military and its actions. 




 More like 14 to 18 year old boys because that's the age group they need to get to in order to have a chance at these guys entering the recruitment pool. Older than that and recruitment gets harder and harder. 




 Sorry to hear about that. A lot of what drives my interest in military issues is how Vietnam vets were treated when I was a kid. I used to talk with a lot of those guys and it pissed me off for life.  Gulf War syndrome was very widespread and played down. The official explanation was that soldiers got sick from burning oil fumes. The reality was there were a lot of chemicals released/bombed. The whole region was and is a toxic wasteland. Which reminds me, I've been meaning to post some stuff on depleted uranium. 




 You mean [this guy](http://www.mediaite.com/online/excuse-me-shut-up-bernie-sanders-defends-israel-from-town-hall-hecklers/)? 




 There was so much disgusting stuff that happened in the first Gulf War, and it just got presented to the public like it was some kind of easily won video game. It was all pretty brutal. 




 U.S. Army Buried Iraqi Soldiers Alive in Gulf War
By ERIC SCHMITT, 
Published: September 15, 1991
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14 United States Army forces buried alive scores of Iraqi soldiers in their trenches in the early hours of the allied ground attack that ended the Persian Gulf war, Army commanders said this week. 
The deaths took place during the operation in which American M1-A1 tanks of the First Infantry Division cut lanes through a 10-mile-wide stretch of barbed wire, minefields, bunkers and trenches north of the Iraqi-Saudi Arabian border on Feb. 24 as the allied ground offensive unfolded. 
Army officials said the Iraqi soldiers who died remained in their trenches as plow-equipped tanks dumped tons of earth and sand onto them, filling the trenches to insure that they could not be used as cover from which to fire on allied units that were poised to pour through the gaps. Avoiding Hand-to-Hand Combat 
The Army said it knew the operation would kill Iraqis who did not surrender or otherwise get out of the way, but said the tactic spared the lives of American soldiers who would have had to leave the safety of their armored vehicles and fight Iraqi troops hand to hand in the trenches. 
"People somehow have the notion that burying guys alive is nastier than blowing them up with hand grenades or sticking them in gut with bayonets," said Col. Lon Maggart. "Well it's not." 
Colonel Maggart, commander of one of two brigades that led assaults on a key line of Iraqi defenses, said in a telephone interview from Fort Riley, Kan., that between 80 and 250 Iraqis had been buried alive. Army officials said the First Infantry's experiences had been the only incidents of live burials during the war. 
At a news conference here on Thursday, the Pentagon spokesman, Pete Williams, defended the tactic and said it did not violate the Geneva Conventions on the conduct of warfare. "I don't mean to be flippant, but there's no nice way to kill somebody in war," Mr. Williams said. 
The disclosure of the live burials, which were first reported in Newsday this week, seems likely to add to the debate about how forthcoming the Pentagon has been in providing details about the toll suffered by the Iraqi Army at the hands of American forces. 
Army officials strongly denied any attempts to hide the breaching operation, and pointed out that senior commanders had given extensive interviews about the maneuver after the war. 
Journalists in combat pools were assigned to the First Infantry during the breaching operation, but none of their reports mentioned the live burials. In fact, the reports noted that few slain Iraqis had been visible in the bunkers and trenches. 
The Pentagon has provided no official estimate of Iraq's overall casualties. The Defense Intelligence Agency issued a heavily qualified analysis in June estimating that 100,000 Iraqis had been killed and 300,000 wounded in the war but said the figures had a 50 percent margin of error. 
Breaching operations are among the most dangerous maneuvers for ground troops. Obstacles like minefields and barbed wire can slow advancing forces, leaving them particularly vulnerable to enemy attack. 
Colonel Maggart said two the First Infantry units had punched 16 tank-width lanes in the Iraqi defenses. 
In most cases M1-A1 Abrams tanks mounted with a plow were positioned on either side of and parallel to the Iraqi trenches, the colonel said. The ditches were typically several hundred yards long, three feet wide and four feet deep. Operating like snowplows, the tanks drove alongside the ditches, filling them in. Colonel Maggart said that in most cases, Iraqi troops had enough time to see the plows coming, jump out of the trenches and surrender. Gunners Beside Plow Tanks 
For those Iraqi soldiers who continued to resist from outside the trenches, Bradley fighting vehicles equipped with heavy machine guns and 25-millimeter cannon drove alongside the plow tanks, Colonel Maggart said. 
"The Iraqi soldiers that were killed in this process were those that chose to stay in their trenches or behind obstacles and fight during the breaching operation," Mr. Williams said. But neither Colonel Maggart nor Mr. Williams said how they could be sure that wounded Iraqi soldiers had been able to get out of the trenches in time. 
Colonel Maggart estimated that the Iraqi forces he had faced had numbered between 800 and 1,000 -- the 110th Brigade of the 26th Iraqi Infantry Division -- and had had four T-55 tanks. No one was killed in Colonel Maggart's brigade, which consisted of 5,222 soldiers, 125 M1-A1 tanks and more than 50 Bradle fighting vehicles. 
He said that the daytime breaching operation, including the ditch filling, had been completed in about three hours, and that the brigade had continued its advance after securing its breach zone, an area of roughly 35 square miles. 
 




 That's why I come here!
 









 Thank you, I've been looking for info about this. 




 I can't watch NFL because of the blatant, non-stop militaristic propaganda. 









 They talk about this shit on NBC and never mention Building 7? Seriously, why don't they just tell me which brain vat is mine so I can just lie down in it now. 




 That could have ended very differently.  




 I thought that was the theme of every day on here! 




 I'm not sure I agree with him about video games being to blame. I think it's too easy to demonize these games. In my opinion, porn is more of a culprit along with chemicals in the environment. 









 Seriously, watch it. It's fucking shocking stuff. 









 Good Canadian documentary on this: [The Disappearing Male](http://topdocumentaryfilms.com/the-disappearing-male/) 




 Those ARE the beautiful ones. They're beautiful because they spend all their time obsessively grooming themselves instead of trying to survive. 




 Great find. I would like to see a lot more solid info about the growth of these companies on this sub. They are mentioned in this article: http://www.vice.com/en_ca/read/wall-street-at-war-0000515-v21n12 




 More info on [the Behavioral Sink](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Behavioral_sink).

Basically overcrowding in modern society turns us all into a bunch of preening, asexual narcissists.  




 ~~I think it's from the Louis Theroux documentary on Hypnotism~~ Sorry, wrong info. 

The clip of Delgado stopping the bull is on the net as a news reel from the sixties.  














 Another take on it from someone steeped in shadow government intrigue: [Peter Levenda and the Secret Space Program](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cj2qrl6Q2rk) 




 I was thinking the same thing. It's weird. I mean the guy doesn't offend the core of my being or anything, but at the end of the day he's a politician. 




 If you don't believe this kind of technology is possible, research MKULTRA and particularly Dr Jose Delgado and look at what he was able to achieve as far back as 1965 with mind control of a bull: [bull experiment]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aa2FvH7ojBM 




 Thanks! Much appreciated. 




 Thanks! 




 That's interesting. Can you refer me to any other reading critical of AI? 




 Consider the astonishing coincidence that the two musicians most active in the Anti-Vietnam War movement - Joan Baez and Phil Ochs - both developed late adult onset multiple personality disorder which is just extremely rare in people over thirty years of age. Consider the possibility that Hendrix was killed because he turned political over the war. His manager Mike Jeffery was likely an agent in MI5.  














 any links to such raids? 














 He's talking about opponents of climate change! He's not admitting to spending that money! Don't be thick. 




 I call bullshit. The title is just wrong. I'm no fan of the CFR but I am a fan of truth. The CFR members are discussing the millions spent by the carbon energy industry to distort the debate on climate change. Whatever opinion you may hold on that debate, they are simply not admitting in this video that the CFR is spending millions to intentionally distort the debate. 

There are so many things you could post about the CFR that would criticize its activities that would be truthful, why resort to lying in your title? THis kind of propaganda, because that's what you're doing, doesn't help people in any way. 




 Very disturbing stuff. Needs to be discussed more on here. 




 These systems break when they run out of fuel. I think our job is to be as ready as possible for the day that comes because it will be intense. 




 Serious answer, and this is from personal experience: start with your own life and see how much control you can take back in that. A big change for me has been diet. I eat healthier food now than I used to, I think more clearly. I do more things because I have more energy. Some of these things are for myself, some for others. People need to reach out to each other more. This isn't just hippy BS, this is the only way to replace enormous inhuman systems. Stuff like diet and exercise can be as political as anything. Talking to people is a political act when the powers that be are happy for us to be at each others throats. Above all, educate each other. There is no system we need, just a million common sense things that humans used to do naturally. 




 Thanks man, nice to be called young once in a while! 




 I think that at the level of the people who control banking and policy, profit isn't the biggest goal. They create money out of the air as it is, so I can't believe profit means everything to them. I think they use profit for their ultimate goal which is control. Powerful people like to control other people. We're everything to them. We're their toys. 




 Right now the public is a bank utility. 




 The alternative is already there. It's who people already are. We just need large scale systems to get out of their way. We don't need the old systems replaced with new systems. I don't want to replace one elite with another one. 




 Then you're one of the lucky ones. And seriously, good for you. I have no problem with that. But some of the places I've been in America have been disheartening in the extreme. Places where all the jobs have been sucked out and sent abroad and the local police maintain law and order by basically considering all the poor people who are left there as criminals. We could do a lot better than this. 




 It reminded me of that old show Dark Shadows. Very aristocratic. Mind you, we were just there for the beach. 




 Why would the lack of empire make you suffer? Your life might improve markedly.  




 I stand corrected. And for those monitoring this conversation: I won't do it again. 




 Hedges has outlined alternatives repeatedly in his books and articles and on Truthdig. He may skim over it here, but he isn't some nihilist. 




 But what if the dead priest was actually a saint, and by some miracle his body is still there fifty years later smelling of roses? What then?  




 Agreed. Just in comparison, the minerals buried in the ground in Afghanistan are off the charts. 




 Replace it by decentralizing and focusing on the local and the communal. For example, take apart the agribusiness infrastructure in America to focus on smaller farms delivering produce locally. The food gets tastier and healthier, work gets created in the process. Or better yet, focus on people growing their own food as used to happen. Take this example and apply it to any major system, you can find great alternatives to the top down model. Health care, criminal justice, education, everything works better when the starting point is local rather than national/ international. 









 Very creepy, but this is already a reality here in many ways both seen and unseen. Credit scores are a huge way of controlling people's behavior for example. God knows what kind of scores the intelligence agencies keep on us. 




 From the piece:
 If you want change you can believe in, destroy the system. And changing the system does not mean collaborating with it as Bernie Sanders is doing by playing by the cooked rules of the Democratic Party. Profound social and political transformation is acknowledged in legislatures and courts but never initiated there. Radical change always comes from below. As long as our gaze is turned upward to the powerful, as long as we invest hope in reforming the system of corporate power, we will remain enslaved. There may be good people within the systemSanders and Elizabeth Warren are examplesbut that is not the point. It is the system that is rotten. It must be replaced.  









 And who cleans up that mess? Whoever has to clean up the entrails can hardly be called free. More wage slavery in my opinion. 




 Don't be fooled. Heroin is small potatoes. Afghanistan has always been about the trillion dollars in minerals they want to extract from the ground there. 




 Am I still Charlie? What am I this time? 




 And speaking of Squeaky Fromme, you might appreciate this. After she got let out of prison, she settled near Lake Champlain, my old neck of the woods. A news crew trapped her in the parking lot of a Walmart with predictably hilarious results: (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5JEUlD0Z5A)

America, you couldn't make it up. 




 That's nuts. Brazen really. 




 I tend to agree on Manson that it was a part of a larger puzzle. The way the police left him alone even though he was on probation and accused of raping underage girls. There was some weird stuff in those years in So Cal with Gov Reagan's [Center for the Study and Reduction of Violence](http://www.whale.to/b/caul.html#The_Center_for_the_study_and_Reduction_of_Violence.)
Dave McGowan's Weird Scenes Inside the Canyon really raises some unsettling questions about mind control ops in the counter culture back then. 




 I suppose there are kids who dream of becoming anchormen or anchor people... whatever they call it now. Or the kids who want to grow up so they can work at call centers cold calling for debt collectors. 




 Isn't this the bunch that gave Bill Clinton his start in life? 




 Another disturbing aspect of Jonestown - among the many - was the connection between Jim Jones and Dan Mitrione, who was the CIA agent who basically taught South American police how to torture:[Dan Mitrione](http://jimhougan.com/wordpress/?tag=dan-mitrione). Jones was the guy's protege from the age of twelve in Indiana. 




 That's why when people use the phrase "drink the Koolaid" they don't understand how tragic it is. No one committed suicide. There were a thousand people murdered at Jonestown. Most disturbing of all is the possibility that the whole thing was connected to MKULTRA and was basically a mind control experiment that got out of hand. [The Black Hole of Guyana by John Judge](http://www.ratical.org/ratville/JFK/JohnJudge/Jonestown.html) 




 I posted this article earlier because I suspected there were Monsanto shills hovering around on the sub today, and the downvotes on comments have confirmed that. A message for the dweebs who work at PR agencies shilling for Monsanto: I'm an adult, I don't give a rat's ass about downvotes! You on the other hand are stuck in pretty much the lamest job I have ever heard of. You really need to re-evaluate the direction your life is going in. Quit. Get another job. Seriously. There are so many great things you could do in this world.  




 That's brilliant! 




 Me too. Amazing how much fresh material there was after so many years and all the research into the assassination. Jonestown is so unsettling, especially the links to the CIA who seem to have been on the ground there as the killings were going on. 




 True story, I swear... my wife and I were driving through Maine and went into Kennebunkport where the Bush family has its summer home. We drove past the road leading to their compound, and there were like a dozen vultures at the entrance chewing on the carcass of some dead animal. There's just something about the guy. 




 If you have a spare ten hours, this is well worth a watch:

[Evidence of Revision](http://topdocumentaryfilms.com/evidence-of-revision/) 




