 I played all fucking 82 games in my player...  Went to the playoffs and accidently press play key game.  Fucking Kings go down 3-0 Vs elimination for first round. I had 52 pts, 10 asts, and close to 6 stls. We are down by one and I get the ball with 5 seconds left and try to call timeout...  But I hit the Xbox button...  GAME over.  I Chris Webber choked playoff style.  




 Not yet 




 What was courageous about what seems like a publicity stunt by the most publicity hungry family in history. Courage isn't seeking public affirmation...  Courage is doing what you feel is right for you no matter the consequence. This whole thing disturbs me. 


Prep the down votes.  









 This is a genuine question  




 Ok.  




 /r/oddlysatisfying 




 wat?  









 Why ugh  




 It's so fucking difficult with this restraining order to have a good conversation.  




 TIL that the Trade Center finished....  




 That's a serious collection 









 Not referring to my post..... But thanks bud 




 Repost but always nice to see.  




 KWhy do people fucking down vote this 




 C'mon...  I definitely have haha  




 WTF.........!!!!!!?????  




 Not particularly 














 I do not let Westbrook do anything...  He just is unstoppable.  
























 Wow!  Didn't know about this one.  It's $45 for general admission lol [definitely going to it](http://hardrockcasinolaketahoe.com/entertainment-events/3rd-annual-lake-tahoe-reggae-festival/)  




 I'm going but I think it's august..  If your are talking about dirty heads and slightly stoopid. 














 I went to cali roots and tribal seeds put on an amazing show. Naoko had the best performance.  Jboog is always good and Josh Heinrich rarely tours.  It'll be worth it for sure.  




 I'd assume just Google the name 




 Bet you're a hoot at parties...  




 Yea man Josh Heinrich doesn't come around alot.  I'm pretty stoked 




 It is called [dry diggings festival](http://drydiggingsfestival.com/) and it's in Placerville.  


Quality bands that resemble a day like Cali Roots. If you love reggae,  than you should be proud of sacramento for this.  




 On a couch with Anna Kendrick and Emma Watson wearing comic book themed pajamas with cats all over while Elon Musk is on his way over for a foursome he will later do an AMA on....   




 Shit...  What you know about the Baltimore slide yo 




 I just see alot of spam. Kinda got annoyed sorry 




 Why do you post this shit here...  




 I'd say I'm leaning towards watching.  




 That's pretty cool actually 




 I'm not trying to sound ignorant, foolish or rude by this.  I just can't understand why baseball has such an enormous following.  It takes so long and rarely is there action and when there is it is very short. This time of year is coming close to one of my least favorite times when other sports end and baseball is left.  Why do you enjoy it so maybe I can see something I'm missing.  




 Reddit formula...  See a post with good reception.  Take the idea and add a stupid twist for karma..    




 Yea man sorry to hear that.  I would consider talking to an admissions counselor and finding out the appeal process...  May be an up Hill battle  




 Per transfer contract you must maintain 2.0 GPA in all registered classes and maintain a good status with your college...  


Unfortunately yes...  They will rescind your admission.  There are appeal processes so good luck but it's time to find a 2nd option... 


My question...  How the fuck did you fail theatre?  




 I recommend a bathroom

Edit: and by bathroom...  I mean in the toilet....  




 This.  




 No I don't want any other team than the Kings to win...  I just hate harden,  Howard and especially terry for how he did sacramento.  




 Because man do I fucking hate Terry...  




 I was driving with my SO today when I saw a Clarks pest control car. I decided that it would be funny to yell "Clark we need you"  which is their slogan...  Well I yelled it.. 

The guys expression which reeked of FML just glared at me.  Not an ounce of amusement..   He then looked genuinely sad which honestly made me sad. Now I look like a fucking ass hole for trying to be funny.. 

Tl;Dr I needed Clark but he didn't care..  









 Thib would be an upgrade to alot of teams....  




 I have?  




 That was my 2nd one 




 Cheers..  




 22 is still eh... T swift sings about you... 


23 is like...  Fuck we got Miley Cyrus...  




 I was watching the news today when I saw a story of a girl about 19 years old. The news program kept explaining that a *Woman* did this and a *woman* did that.... 


But I kept saying to myself that she is just a girl...  A kid.  I'm 23 and I'm still just a kid. Then I fucked up... 


I am a man...  Not a kid anymore.  It is a sad day today.  Beer is to be consumed... 

Tl;Dr I'm fucking old..  




 Oh my apologies...  Still a great team nonetheless.. They still had DWILL for a little.  Ended 11th in the west 




 2010 jazz stick out to me.  


Devon Williams,  AL Jefferson,  Paul Milsap,  Derrick Favors,  Gordon Hayward...  Alot of talent 









 He made the play and the point...  Fuck Deron "nobody"  Williams. 


But damn...  The jazzed were stacked a few years back.  




 Do Kobe  




 Csuf  




 The symptoms of a bite fucking suck no matter what. Infection is prevalent as well.  In regards to snakes,  rattle snakes are the only ones in sac to worry about.  




 Winner 




 Explain 




 This was my thought when I asked the question.  




 None in the river...  On the trail...  You will definitely run into one eventually.  Riding my bike on the bike trail,  I will see maybe a dozen rattle snakes in a summer.  Stay away...  Very dangerous.  




 I meant to man times but you can choose something from now to take back..  




 Fair enough...  I bid you good morrow sir and let the gods take care of you.  




 Valid answer.  




 I'm assuming *their currency* right?  




 Shooting the others doesn't allow the Caesar to release you and you only have so many bullets..  




 Goal is to have the most successful survival situation. 

Keep in mind you have to get out.  Killing the other gladiators doesn't force the guards to release you. Have fun. 


Give an explanation as well.  




 Just protest them protesting so much...  I'm sure it would stop! :)  




 Cal is constantly protesting...  So you chose UCSC lol 




 Let's be safe and say no downtown past 11 without male company  




 Let's maybe give a brief description of the channel..  









 Every year I listen to Grant Napier and Pollard always gives a detailed draft analysis before and after and man that guys is always dead on.  The last three years he has predicted great players and the busts...  Why don't we hire him since we have shown our staff is crap.  




 I'm sure he's used to it by now..  Nothing to alien to him.  




 No!  Beastiality will get you locked up!  We need a better plan 









 I love how early this sub gets these songs out!  




 This guy actually has amazing song covers!  [Check him out](https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ)  




 Fuck g Street...  I honestly hate all the saddle wearing tourists that walk all over your personal beach!  You have your now and if not go down to fucking K Street...  









 Do you think it's fucking real...?  Please think about your answer before you respond...  




 No 




 Ayn*


Because Objectivism is the philosophy of high school students and college freshman to rebel with but she puts it in everyone's face. She is considered one of the top writers story wise but a bad philosopher and very pushy with her point.  




 Ahhhh the old reddit [drug-a-roo](http://www.reddit.com/r/thatHappened/comments/3756dk/kid_steals_from_store_and_is_confronted_by_police/crkd6aq?context=1)  




 Distance is relative 




 You're right...  It was pretentious.  




 WTF...  Idk what you were trying to say lol 




 The man in the moon?  Been here since creation...  Names Walter. Don't be a dick and introduce yourself next time
 




 Tis nothing but foolery my gent. Be aware of swindlers and gypsys when trading.  




 Ah!  The sought after Kryptonite Bar!  It will fare me well in my superman lynching! You have a deal townsman!  Happy lynching to you sir.  




 Ah but alas!  We have a liar in our midst.  You advertised only 1 good sir. That was my interest in ye fork in the first place.  Had I known there was a second,  I reckon my interest would not have peaked!   




 *Yall know me,  still the same old green.  hated on by most these nigga with no rings... No deals and D. No chance and no dream. No MVPs. Mad at me because I can finally provide my team with good threes* 




 Ahhhh but I see you are nothing but a mere swindler...  I see that you have already accepted another proposition for the same pitchfork...  I may use these pitchforks on you old sport.  




 The Joker or Bane are my favorites... Anakin is another one.   




 Top of the mornin to ya!  I am here to inquire about your rare ////-#. I have these to offer:

1. ==-------- This is the Hitchfork. Use it to hook whoever you are mobbing! Handle made from iron cooler in unicorn blood. 

2. ==}----------- This is my old treasure.  Made from bits of real Dragons, this for was used during the French and  American Revolution and actually reused in the watts riots.  Very good fork. 

I bid you good morrow sire!  If you would be so kind to reply by next sun up for these forks are on the move! 
 




 I can only compare my experience watching Kobe to my dad's watching Jordan and you watching LeBron.  Truly amazing.  




 Doable 









 It snows alot.  Bring a toboggan.  




 Dude you literally have the creepiest user history...   




 Bucks would be a real threat then 









 Yea it's insane..  It just hit me while watching 









 Blues!  A really good band.  The owner said he was working on different ideas for live music.  It's all under a lighted outdoor patio...  




 For quick grooming of missed spots or stray hairs. Important to look your best.  




 Went there last night and realized it is a hidden get right in old fair oaks.  Good beers with great prices and food. Very modern hip look and best of all...  live music! If your looking for a mellow Sunday or relaxing night for a drink...  Def check it out.  


It's new so closes around 11. 




 I don't think of natomas..  




 Yea but since I referred patriot...  I figured might as well refer down the street 




 Patriot bikes is on Madison and San Juan. Another inexpensive place is performance bikes on Sunrise and Madison.  




 Is there a reason it is prolonged?  




 I was at patriot bikes the other day and they had nice single speeds for around your budget.  They can order the bike and may take a few days to assemble but would be a good place to start.  


Working in the bike industry,  I'd say that 300 is gonna be a tough time but good luck to you. Are long boards out of the picture?  









 I don't always drink...  But when I do,  it's because I'm thirsty..  




 Yea..  Every att customer ha 




 Can someone please explain fight Club to me?  




 Maybe OP has those child bearing hips women love so much.  




 I don't get why you're getting downvoted you added about the same amount to the dialogue as I did
 




 I don't like their meat..  Here!  Wanna try my meat?  









 Tom hanks went to Sac state...  So there that...   




 Ok that's pretty interesting  




 I'd be OK with that but I don't know if we need to give up our pick or swap it 




 Yes I've studies this and am aware but I still honestly can say I hate most songs on the radio and dislike songs I hear over and over.  




 Yes.  I actually do judo lol 









 I'd let her throw me....  




 I plan on joining a fraternity.  I was thinking of doing maj/min and if I can then I can just finish my minor while doing my masters 




 Good job boogie!  




 This team of is on the verge of being great.  




 Thnx 




 I major in Philosophy but am interested in Environmental studies.  




 What I mean is,  did you find it unbearable or was it at least attainable through hard work?   




 Plagiarism is the correct term and the academia gods are harsh.  




 Why do companies think we give a fuck about past Internet celebrities...  I find this actually distracting 




 Stupid corporate fundie...  New name is comcast 




 *yea yea mod of the year* 




 Sources are key to informing plebes...  




 Of course..  Now they land...  Towns or Okafor.... Sad life...  




