 Hold my sister, I'm going in!  




 Ah, the Ole Reddit Truckaroo. 




 So you're basically saying that the only difference between a creeper and an attractive mate is the money.  Gotcha. 




 Step 1. Break into your pool

Step 2. Drown

Step 3. Sue

Step 4. ???

Step 5. Profit.

Yep, I thought that one through.  




 So...like every other day on the Internet then?  




 Is that Bob Saget? 




 I usually masturbate in the shower, which still leaves me with at least 2 minutes to shower.  




  Reading is hard 

So am I. 




 Nah, I usually beat off during the loading screens.  




 Why are you cooking beer? 




 Does that mean it just leaks out of your ass?  




 "Jason Derulo."

-Jason Derulo 




 Let's say you borrow 100k and end up not paying for it. The company that you borrowed money from would rather get some money than no money, so they sell your 100k debt to a collection agency for 10k. 

Now the collection agency "owns" your debt of 100k and can come after you for that amount. Since they only paid 10k for your 100k worth of debt, they may try to offer you a "deal" by saying they will settle with you for 50k. 

If you end up paying the 50k, you think you have a good deal and the collection company makes away with a cool 40k profit. 

This is how many private loans and credit cards work. 
 




 Gandhi SMOKED that real shit

FTFY 




 Make sure you remember to sell right before 2008, then after the crash, buy low. 




 A nice ribeye steak. I'll admit I can only eat one once a week, but still... 




 I didn't want to get THAT meta. 




 morning wood 




 You know what they call it in France?  A normale, with cheese. 




 Mom's spaghetti.  




 I like serving my steak on a cutting board sometimes too, but I'd suggest you get a couple cutting boards; one for raw food and one for cooked food. 




 Totally watched this at work and showed it to my coworkers.  




 Well, from the way you type, it makes you seem like a white American kid who grew up in a black neighborhood.  




 Everybody was Kung-fu fighting. 
 




 Heyooooooo 




 Cocaine is your friend 




 5 is my favorite but why don't you try listening to them before you buy them?  The quality isn't great but all those albums are on YouTube.  




 You should try "consulting" as a tutor, if that's what your expertise can offer.  




 Ah, the Ole reddit dickaroo. 




 Rip lordFAPquadd

FTFY 




 It seems like you might enjoy In Search of Sunrise 5. 




 Anybody else read the entire article in a Russian accent?  




 Women.  There, I said it.  




 Water bottle. Have the Australians say THAT!  




 Is it gross to use the club restrooms barefoot since club restrooms ate always wet? Why doesn't he use slippers when using the restroom?  




 Once you hit a glass dick, that's all you ever think about. Sweet, sweet dicks.  




 Circle jerk  




 Preparation H 




 So you're telling me that an "easy target" such as someone laying on the floor will get ignored because the shooter would rather try to aim for those scattering in the distance?  




 Confirmed, op is wife. 




 It's, uh, it's ectoplasm. 




 Hell, it's the best thing since sliced bread.  




 What's wrong with this driver? Could they not judge that the cars ahead are fully stopped? 

When driving, always look ahead to the horizon. Most people just look down at the road 20 feet in front of them. That's why things like this happen. 




 F 




 I found that I burned approximately 900 calories when doing insanity. I'm 6ft, 160 pounds. 




 It hurts me to even read this thread.  




 The people telling you that you can sell your car with a blown engine for anything more than a few hundred dollars are deluded or misguided. 

Try to get as much from the mechanic as you can and just take his settlement. Don't keep the car to try and sell because it will be more trouble than it's worth.  




 Not sure, but the word "user base" comes to mind.  




 Incorrect, the higher perceivable frequencies are more damaging.  




 No pussy is worth 18 years of child support.  




 I'm not sure how voting works on reddit 




 I still rock these at the raves.  




 LPT: don't eat at panda express 




 You ever been snowballed? It's when you finish in a girl's mouth and she comes up to give you a kiss. Except she still has jizz in her mouth and spits it back into yours.  Snowballed!

Fucking shit. 




 You monster!  




 Are you 5 years old?  




 I know it probably sucks right now but you have to look at this in perspective with your whole life. You sound like a young guy so you should have many years ahead of you. This event in your life is rather small compared to your whole life. 

Learn from this and grow from this. They're not worth your trouble being bitter over this. Think about what you gained: the knowledge that life does go on after a "serious" relationship. You got rid of 2 shitty people in your life. 

Chin up man.  You'll be okay.  




 It's very difficult to "force" genres on anybody. Especially when it's something as subjective as music.

You should try to stay true to music you enjoy or you'll find that you get bored very quickly. 

Try building your own following and then try finding some underground promo groups that like dnb. 




 Hmm, I know exactly what you mean by being cliquey. You just have to put in time and get to know them without actively trying to get a gig with them. Build the relationship first before trying to ask for a gig. It's also difficult if they don't like the genre you play. You might as well go another route if that's the case. 

About the cd thing. I find it more effective than telling people to visit your SoundCloud  (or whatever). Because let's face it, how many times have you met a dj that you liked and then remembered to visit there page the next day? Now imagine a dj you don't know asking you to visit their page. You'd probably politely say yes, but never comply. If you hand them a cd with your info on it, they might actually listen to it. 




 I make the same observations as you. I know a lot of mediocre djs who shamelessly promote themselves online and have managed to garner a decent following. I say shamelessly because their mixes range from awful to decidedly mediocre, yet their audience does not seem to mind, and neither do they. Maybe the audience is not knowledgeable enough to discern the mistakes?

Out of respect for myself and the art of djing, I hesitate to release mixes that contain amateurish mistakes such as trainwrecks, extended periods of off-key mixing,  or uneven eq-ing of tracks.

I'm not any way hating on them. We all have to start somewhere. I like to think that they don't know they are bad because they are ignorant to what "good" is. They don't even know that they don't know. 

I think if your goal is to dj to a larger crowd then you have to market yourself. Create an online presence, network with other djs and promoters, attend club events and mingle with the crowd, pass out demo cds. If you are as good as you say you are, naturally you will gain a following because you are offering a superior product compared to the other (worse) djs.  




 Found dad.  




 She'll probably break that chair over your back, but yeah... 




 Too soon, junior. 




 Big dicks in your ass are bad for your health.  




 But I do porn 




 Well thanks for ruining the ending for op 




