 Just asking, not making any assumptions:

Is this kind of shit (and the case in the top comment) only possible in America? I never hear shit like this happen in any other country. Of course mistakes are being made everywhere, and there are dickheads everywhere, but such a large scale fuckup does not seem to happen anywhere else but in America, the land of unlimited possibilities.  




 So, what was the end of the story? 

Who won? 

Did anybody insert anything into Haidl's rectum? (I hope so) 




 I am just wondering which of the movies (plus clone wars and rebels) people actually appreciate / don't appreciate. 

I guess just like me all fans are, above all, in love with the idea of star wars, the world and the story of jedi against sith and  the dark and bright side of the force. 




 Yeah, I would like that. 

Thanks! 




 My mother is crazy and has the radiator on the whole day even when she is at work. I am not like that at all, but I am wondering how I can make some good decisions to spend as little money as necessary and be comfortable throughout the winter. 

One question I would like to answer is: Is it better to keep a certain temperature in the house during the day or shall I turn everything off when I am not at home? 




 Really? I did not know that at this altitude you cant see the curvature. Can you link some pictures showing earth from about that height where you can hardly see curvature? 




 I thought you wanted to say that you'll get the phone, not that you get the joke 

I am glad I got your post before I started insulting you  




 You're writing that as if you are not permitted to use a windows phone and have to justify yourself. 

What happened to you? 




 I heard that before and it might be true of course. 

Personally I believe it's a way to maximise profits. I do not think R Do would be affected. Companies will innovate always to compete  




 Well, I would also be happy to.know.what it's called 




 Can somebody make that song from the video on the website into an mp3 file?

pretty pleeeeeze. 









 I will start by saying I am pro universal healthcare. 

You have pointed out the problem of the "old" system. Those who are poor or ill do not get / can't afford it. Universal healthcare makes sure that our society as a whole makes sure everybody is taken care of.

The benefits are that:
- Everybody is insured
- Even if you are an idiot and don't know what is important you still have health insurance (poor and rich)
- People are not bankrupted because they have to have expensive surgery (poor and rich)
- Price of treatment in general is much much much lower in countries with universal healthcare 

Yes the rich participate with a bigger share but they are rich so that can afford it. They also benefit from it and after paying their share they are still rich (it's not like it's making anybody poor). 




 What are they fighting over though. Life or death or whether the guy goes to heaven or hell? He looks pretty dead to me 




 my girlfriend has been diagnosed with cancer and there is only limited treatment. we basically had to accept that it can be controlled to a certain level but not cured. 

now she needs counselling but it seems nobody knows where to go. she has had some counselling but was told she is only entitled to 12 sessions in total. she will however need to regularly talk to somebody indefinitely to be able to control and understand her emotions. 

does anybody know where we could go?

any advice would be greatly appreciated.  




 What exactly does this do? 




 I was sure this was a piss take. I was very surprised  




 I like yours better 




 How is someone at home 365 days a week?  




 And what does that mean from 1-10 (10 being the best)? 









 Nobody ever admits something is great or awful. It's always not bad or not great. 




 The streets are full of vomit in London. If I was British I would find that embarrassing  




 I hope I'm not too late. I'd like to know what other people think. 

I deal with many European oil and gas manufacturers. Many of them Italian and British.

For some reason the British have such a low opinion of Italian and other southern European countries and always tell me I should not buy there and that nobody can compete with British manufacturers. 

Truth is, British manufacturers are slow, expensive, their customer service is bad, their manufacturing equipment old and their quality questionable at best. All they have left is a bright history and they seem to think that's a good enouh reason to buy from them.

Any chance you will wake up and acknowledge that mainland Europe is miles ahead of you? 




 I am scared to buy it because I don't want that book connected to my name. Can you just but it on the high street anywhere?  




 It still isn't expensive in the US. Come to Europe and fill up your tank. That feeling is horrible  




 I agree with your general view. But if sales are going down for the ipad means people stop buying them. If those people then buy an android applies a different question.  




 What is the the message?

Soundtrack is amazing BTW 




 I just love that ze Germans are making a phone that meets the desire of every German to combine private life and work  




 I am 99.999% sure your problem is not memory. The problem is that you don't listen. Believe me.  




 Are you saying sudoku players have a tendency to commit suicide?  




 ... and then I fucked "insert name of person in the story"! 




 What happened? 




 What do people mean when they post a picture and call it rare on the Internet?  




 I have used both platforms. I had an iPhone 4 for 2 years. I came over to android, found that everything I need is available and many paid iOS apps are free on the play store. 

Your Eurosport example does not convince me.  




 Would you mind being more specific?  




 The "R.I.P my inbox" is not at all obligatory.  




 Sorry, I am not suitable to answer that question then. Good luck.  




 Yes, I understand that, but most of them would call themselves Christians I assume.  




 That is what I believe too. I am not from the US but as far as I can tell, people there appreciate if somebody believes in god and basically is a good Christian. So I assumed that musicians do this to be accepted.  




 I agree with that, but I think it's fair to assume that most of these believe in the bible and Jesus Christ.  




 I mean it because many of the promote the fact that they are whores, gangsters, criminals, drinkers and so on. Does not really go hand in hand.   




 I guess Air Droid then. But you have to be connected to the same wifi.  




 Strange because I can hear notifications just fine, but I can't hear my ringtone when somebody calls me. I have a z3c 




 You can access your PC through your phone with Teamviewer. Not sure if this is what you want. It brilliant though.  




 Sorry, I have not been hating and I have not been cocksucking. I said two things:

- I think Android premium phones are better than iPhones. 

- I did not say iPhones are shit or not good. I just said that they are no. 2 on the list. 

I personally dislike that fact that people perceive the iPhone to be the best phone you can get because you can get something that is (in my personal opinion better) at least equal for a lot less money. 




 I never said that iPhones are no good. They are great, but I think Android phones are better which makes iPhones the contender. Everything I am saying. iPhones are perceived to be the best because of high profits and premium image but I personally think that from a quality, performance for money and usability perspective they are inferior.  




  but crippling them and putting the original victim and others out of work is just fucking stupid.

exactly. Like I said the rule should not be made with the intention of actually applying it. It shall prevent people from braking the law.  









 If you argue like this nothing will change. The intention of such a rule would not be to find offender and cripple them, but to prevent people from doing it. 

If a company then willingly pays less than MW, funk them and good night. This sort of thing does not "happen" it will be somebody's fault 




 What does that have to do with the quality of the phone? 




 Take the iPhone head on? The iPhone is the device that has to try and catch up with android devices. What are you talking about?

Edit: sorry, I checked with my mum and she agreed, iPhone is best. My bad  




 That's what seems to be happening to me... Sometimes it's really fast.  




 I looks really fake. I mean, it is fake, since it is from a movie, but it also looks fake.  




 I feel you.  




 Ducks. Because they are incredibly cute. 

I even stopped eating them.  




 Only lasts a second when your hand goes in your pocket until you realise: Wrong pocket 




 I am just ever so slightly changing the question:

I went to a wedding. Saw an old friend of mine who I haven't seen in years (we call him James). I left the wedding early, because my girlfriend was unwell. 

The next day another friend of mine (Mike) asks me: Is that guy James your friend? I say yes. Mike then tells me that James told him (Mike) how he loved him and missed him and wished that they would spend more time together and nothing is the same anymore, bla bla bla. 

Turns out, James though Mike was me. And only because we both shave our heads.

True story 




 I am on three and it has been incredibly slow lately. I wonder if its them or my phone.  




 I clicked the diet link and read all of it. 

They mention "Old School new body", a workout. Is that any good? 




 Can I keep tax and insurance from Germany?  




 Ok, I feel like these are not popular at all, but from my point of view Lenovo tablets are unbeatable. 
I had the first gen ([this one](http://www.amazon.co.uk/Lenovo-8-inch-Tablet-Silver-Metal/dp/B00G459J5W)). I love it. It is not very fast and the Lenovo skin is not great, but I installed Nova launcher and then its fine. You get SD card support and the screen is fantastic in my opinion. For browsing and watching movies it is great because it has the stand. Battery life is incredible. 

Now they launched the new generation ([here](http://www.amazon.co.uk/Lenovo-YOGA-10-1-Tablet-Silver/dp/B00O636JFW/ref=sr_1_1?s=computers ie=UTF8 qid=1416244949 sr=1-1 keywords=yoga+tablet+2)). They both come in 10 inch and 8 inch. And the new generation also comes with Windows 8.1. I really think this is a great product. And the prices are really reasonable. 
 




 No matter if it is your teacher, parent, boss or arch enemy. We all hated someone and eventually became like them. What is your story? 




 I don't know why you are being downvoted. I agree with you. Even if you can disable them, I do not want them on my phone. I knew what I was buying and it's fine, but I really would like if I could just deleted what I don't want to have. 

I think it's a fair comment.  




 OK, wasnt so hard. Deleted the theme. 




 nope. 30 minutes. and 11 hours overall 




 Do you thinks that's ever going to happen?

Also Ahsoka's story... 




 Whom are you buying/making it for?
What are you buying/making? 




 Did you just get the phone or do a factory reset? I had that problem after a factory reset. The account was not linked correctly with the phone. After a new wipe it worked fine 




 my s3 has the problem that after 11 hours and only 30 min screen on time the battery is dead. 

looking at what used it up, it says 35% by cyanogenmod theme. 

how do I get that sorted? anybody had that problem?  




 I commented Grievous and immediately regretted it. She is the best  




 General Grievous 




 Watch this. It is very informative and entertaining

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhyYgnhhKFw 




 Next time, please answer the questions within 1 minute of the OPtime.  




 I'd like to see his reply to this. 

So you did post a lot of shit on his sub, but not for the reason that OP says?

You said AMA so I just keep on going if you don't mind. What is your motivation modding and getting involved in the subs in question? 




 Please post your favourite. Please only post the names of characters without anything else. If you have anything to say about why, please comment. 

If already posted, please upvote.

Please upvote up to 3 characters. To see which 

----

If this has been done before, please forgive me.  




 What happened from your point of view? Where is OP right/wrong in your opinion?

Why are you three guys now the mods of that sub? 

Thanks for responding.  




 How did they become America's closest ally?
Why are they still America's closest ally? 




 I find this very interesting, but I would like to know: 

Who are these three guys then?  /u/UncleSamuel , /u/fritzly, and /u/Semebay? 




 What are the values and do you also see the downsides? 




 The illusion of being able to do what the hell you want. 

Why illusion? You know why. 




 Why do you like / dislike what he does and what he stands for? 




 I did not realise. Thank you!

Where is this BTW? 




 I never get this. So for example 'Barack Obama sonic the hedgehog' or what?  




 Just awesome.  




 somebody else said they were hitting on his wife.  




 Typical Eastern European move. They love that shit.  




 Please ELI5: 

When the ambient temperature is low, temporarily decreasing the temperature setting on a building's programmable thermostat (e.g. at night or when it is unoccupied) rather than maintaining a steady temperature can save a significant amount of energy.[304] A common myth is that if the building is allowed to cool, its furnace has to "work harder" to reheat it to a comfortable temperature, counteracting or even exceeding the energy saved while the temperature was allowed to drop. Actually this practice can result in energy savings of five to fifteen percent as the heat lost by a warm structure in a cold environment is proportional to the temperature difference between the inside and outside of the structure. 




 You know, the 3-4 thousand you get for 500000 plays doesn't sound too bad considering you record the song once and don't do anything after that. Nothing. Money just keeps coming in whilst you are at home eating cocopops. 

I would love that 




 yeah, why post something that says the opposite of what you're trying to prove? 




 Well, that doesn't count for me.too close to earth. Technically space, but I don't count that 




 I do not see one that is incorrect. I am not saying they are not, but would you mind pointing one out? 









 I can't remember the name of the show. Something from the 80s. 

A guy thought he won the lottery but turned out he only won 100$. he was super sad about it. However the weird, slightly dumb, guy in the show was super happy. When asked why he said:

Because I do not compare the 100$ to the 1000000$ you thought you won. I compare the 100$ to the 0$ we had before.  




 It is not uncool to know something.  




 This is so important. I love when people smile. It's the best and an honest non creepy smile is never inappropriate. Even at a funeral a smile can be consoling.  




 How to share. I never did and now I don't want to live with my SO... 




 I made the same experience. People don't even finish reading what you write. They read gun and an adjective and go nuts. 




 I am honestly just asking: Why do you add "literally"? 




 Haha, this is good.  




 My friends brother and I found out we started uni together in the same city. We started going there together in the morning and meet for lunch and stuff. Now we are so close everybody thinks we are gay. 

Edit: I feel like I left out the part about how we got close. Well... 




 Runny nose, no tissue 




 This is soo awesome. I bet she is super happy with it. 




 I just pray she is not giving it to the wrong people just filling their own pockets  




 I only ever played Halo 1, but fuck I love this so much. I can't begin to describe how this makes me feel. 

I'm gonna go home, show my GF and be disappointed because she won't care... 




 I went to a funeral, sat down and the old lady that was walking towards a seat in the middle of the row in front of me tripped and fell. Me and my friend looked at each other and had one of those moments in our minds:

Him: Dude, did you see that?!

Me: Yes, I did. What are we going to do?

Him: Please play it cool. If you as much as smirk, I will burst out laughing.

Me: Gotcha!

Looked to the front of the room for 1 hour not saying anything. 
 




 My colleague did a presentation in front of 150 people. He was really nervous but kind of managed not to completely screw it.

He was basically jumping from stone to stone, struggling not lose control (at the same time talking faster and faster) until he said one sentence that made no sense whatsoever. 

He stopped abruptly, looked down and sighed. It was really sad but unbelievably funny. 




 thank you. 




 Hey, thanks. I thought so. I have not seen it in real life, but on picture the phone loks super thick with the 4400 battery. 




 What is the oldest android phone that you can think of that still gets custom rom support nowadays and therefore still is a good purchase for people who like playing around? (e.g. S3)

EDIT: And doesn't have terrible battery life. 




 Which extended battery for the S3 can you recommend?  




 Can I used Xposed on non rooted phones? 




 He is not saying Europe should do that. Just that Russia is dependent on Europe more than vice versa. We should not be afraid of the cutting us off. They should be afraid  




 I would like to add a question.

Why are constructions sites abandoned during normal working hours even though the construction site is disrupting traffic and should be finished ASAP?  




 I would like to add a question.

Why are constructions sites abandoned during normal working hours even though the construction site is disrupting traffic and should be finished ASAP?  




 Actually, the case idea is good enough for me. Thanks  




 Thanks. I'll check  




 If possible I would like swipe my phone instead of my oyster card. is that possible today/in the future?  




 I agree with you. I also live in one of those shitty areas. Even though I like it anyway I am really looking forward to the improvements. However I don't think improvements always have to be the same shit. Cleaning up and improving infrastructure is great. Also some nice pubs are great. But I don't need shopping opportunities everywhere and I don't need all the chains everywhere. If I wanna go there I can take the bus to central. I like the independent restaurants and I don't need them to face tough competition. They don't seem to make loads of money anyway but I like their food and the facet that they are locals. 




 First of all, I love this every Saturday. 

I just discovered true dialer. Replaces your dialer app and I think it is perfect. I always struggled with dialer and contacts app, but this brings them together. 

Really like it.

Linkme: truedialer 




