





























































































































































































 I think one of WhatsApp's main appealing features is that it's cross platform compatible (mobile for now).
 







































































































































































































 Trains with frickin' LASER beams... 











































































































































 The study found that two long wavelength (infrared) photons with the same wavelength striking the retina about the same time can be perceived as one photon with half that wavelength and therefore in the visible range.  So it would *look* like normal visible light.  The color would depend on the wavelength of the two infrared photons. 



































































































 Even if funded, I have my doubts that this product will behave as shown in the video in the near future.
 




 Even if funded, I have my doubts that this product will behave as shown in the video in the near future. 




 Even if funded, I have my doubts that this product will behave as shown in the video in the near future. 




 Good work sto-ifics42.  Are you an engineer by chance?
 




 Your eyes don't see ultraviolet (UV) light and this frequency is most damaging to your retina since there is much higher energy per photon. Yes the visible light (along with UV) from the sun is substantially dimmed by haze and reducing the time looking at the sun lowers the risk, but damage can be done to your eyes before you know it as the haze subtly clears. You might be safe but do you feel lucky?   




 You're walking a very fine line of safety with your eyesight. 




 Estes FTW!  I had many enjoyable launches and (more than I would like to admit) crashes using Estes rockets. The real crowd pleaser during my 7th grade rocket club was my Estes Saturn V rocket with 4 engines.  Unfortunately only two engines ignited, and even more unfortunately the ones that ignited were not diagonally opposed but adjacent engines.  The result was a launch that went from vertical to horizontal then started dipping downward, ending with a parachute ejection into the ground.  I will not forget the applause to this day and that was 44 years ago.   




 Thank you, I need to check out the SoundLink Mini. 




 How does it compare in sound quality to the Big Jambox? Or is it more comparable to the original Jambox? 




 How about a Mac mini upgrade - it's been 2 years. 




 Here's CNET's take on why the auction was terminated: 

http://www.cnet.com/news/alleged-iphone-6-prototype-ebay-auction-ends-with-no-sale/

TL;DR 
CNET speculates Apple asked for or demanded the return of the phone and the seller complied.  




 The "prototype iPhone 6" reached a peak bid of $100,100.  I revisited the site around 5 pm PDT on Oct 6 and the item was no longer available ... two days before the auction was to have ended. The seller must've pulled the phone off the market.  Sounds pretty suspicious. 




 Interesting, just went back to the site and the item is no longer available ... two days before the auction was to have ended.  Sounds like the guy pulled it off the market.  Sounds even more suspicious now.  




 And it took out Touch ID. 




 Yeah, I think 8.0.1 was the shortest lived iOS update in Apple history. 




 You must be prescient. 




 Pretty sure the video was intended to be humorous.
 




 Thanks, makes sense.  
 




 After a little reading it appears the most currently favored cosmological model for the universe's expansion is the Lambda-CDM model where Cold Dark Matter and Dark Energy dominate the energy-density of our universe (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lambda-CDM_model). This model appears to support observations that our universe's expansion is accelerating, although I can't determine what the model predicts for the end state of the universe, but it does not support a Big Rip as you indicated.  However, if the acceleration of the universe's expansion is left unchecked, it would appear the Lambda-CDM theory model is inconsistent with the theory proposed by Dr. Padilla and the resulting Big Crunch.  Am I missing something here? 




 I thought it was an interesting theory, but I'm dubious. The theory Dr. Padilla describes directly contradicts the generally accepted theory that the universe's expansion is accelerating and the end result will be a Big Rip (where even subatomic particles are torn apart due to the expansion of space) rather than a Big Crunch. 




 Comment by Mr. Rhodes:
 "We've shown time and again that if there's a counterterrorism threat, we'll take direct action against that threat if necessary."

He must've meant terrorism threat. 




 That happened to me as well.  I restarted the process and it worked quickly the second time. 




 Thank you AlecPeters for injecting facts and some first-hand information into this thread. You and the team are doing a great job securing funding for Axanar. Can't wait for it to be completed. 




 Live streaming of ISEE-3 lunar flyby in progress now. 




 Good on ya jacobgold!  What is planned for the lunar flyby tomorrow? 




 Not clear from this article.  All they say is 

Through various partnerships and reverse engineering engagements, Fox-IT and FireEye have ascertained many of the private keys associated with CryptoLocker.  




 That must be a new rule.  I've submitted my own titles before to /r/technology without any issue.  I'll be careful to use the exact title in the future. Thanks for the heads up. 




 Thank you for the clarification Ghoda.  I wasn't aware of that detail on Rosetta's orbit.  Are you involved with the Rosetta mission?  




 This is a result of particle/wave duality.  Quantum theory says that energy carried by a field (or wave) can be broken down no further than its quantum component.  In other words, all fields have a corresponding minimum energy particle and vice versa.  It's like the difference between the electromagnetic field and the photon.  They're the same but exhibit field (wave) behavior or particle behavior depending on how they are observed. 




 Wish I could give that two up-votes.
 




 They may also want to map and characterize the comet's surface from many different aspect angles before they land. 




 Favorite line from the article:
 ... bar Yahoo and of course Bing, which rather embarrassingly had to volunteer to be included in the whole affair ...

Poor Bing. 




 The article says the 5 mile exclusion zone applies to large and medium sized airports, not small ones.  But I don't know what defines an airport as being large or medium vs. small.  Anyone know this? 




