 How did you do the eyes and mouth? Xx 




 Hey I have lots of advice but I am out at the moment msg me and I will see it later and write you up some details, ate u uk based? ( for shops for materials) x 




 Thank you, if there is any questions you think I should add they are appreciated too :3 




 thank you, im new to this survey thing will change it :3 




 University based research for myself and if any of you could fill this out it would be greatly appreciated. Im looking at the effects of trolling within games etc etc 

http://freeonlinesurveys.com/s.asp?sid=zhn6lshhjt9w9xd355544 




 Ba-na-na-na
Ba-na-na-na
Ba-na-na-na
NA-NA-NA-NA
NAH! (do do)
Nah! (do do) 




 Thank you :D Your all very helpful on this subreddit  




 Thank you :D, so this card is a rip off? 
Im based in the UK, so shipping is an issue. 




 Is there another place to buy cards individually that is legit?

Here is what the title was talking about- http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/330981490102?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT _trksid=p3984.m1555.l2649 




 Can anyone here tell me how to get Sim Ant? I freaking loved that game! It was my childhood love, but I cant find it anywhere. The one on ebay my friends say wont work on my computer :( 




 http://i.imgur.com/ecDLjh.jpg 




 SO MANY MISTYS FROM POKEMON 




 vac formed plastic
 




 It is true! I almost died of "awwwwwwws" 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--W39b_VaLM 




 Never! I would let them lick me all day! :3
 




 This sounds amazing!!! 




 Other than adorable little fluffy balls of cuteness with ickle tongues! Those little hamster things with horns in ARAM are target-able, do you think they will be used for something in the future? Or can they already be killed or used in some way? Tell me everything about them! I love them!  




 I imagine a montage of peoples yawns, those of which I have stored in my head. This makes me yawn tons and I quickly fall asleep.  




 Looks like its sniffing  




 However, did your sister ever call them? Or sit around waiting to be called?  




 Awww thank you, and by all means :D xxxx 









 "Near" would have ended that poem much better.  




 Well at least I now know I weigh the same as a baby calf... 




 Is this the tescos in roneo corner/romford?
 














