 Same goes for Robin Williams  




 that's when you drink 




 Looks like jersey based sheets.  Fuc 




 L
 




 *I just ruined everything* 




 Well you should move there OP.   




 This is going to sound like a joke, but my wiener dog takes showers all the time.   Hates the beach tho.   




 Can I use it if you are retiring it?   I will always give you credit when credit is due. 




 55555555 




 No.   I was just guessing if you were a girl.   
How could that be an insult?     




 Let me guess, you're a girl?  




 I mean no offense, I do this face all the time and refer to it as the predator face.    




 I had this in mind 
http://starsmedia.ign.com/stars/image/article/841/841371/predator-mouth-image-01_1198187793_640w.jpg 




 To think even something as common as a pen  seems so magnificent close up!  




 I hate you but still laugh.  




 I bet LL was like "damn that nigga can dance."  




 I think it looks like shit, but my co-workers who are a bit older than me are die hard Rambo fans and I know for a fact they will not be buying this game.   




 It's like a shitty Pixar.   




 Maybe the NSA could find her? 




 Shut theeee fawwwwk up! 




 steer clear! 




 **DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME**

This photo was found last year around September and the people have already got the camera back.   

https://www.facebook.com/michiganwaterfalls

Click that link and scroll down.   Story is on that page.



Good day! 









 Can you buy/order this anywhere in the US? 









 She's pretty wet, right now.  




 That or he brought it to work to sell to one of his co- workers or vice veracity  




 More importantly, this guy needs to get a new belt or tighten that thing.  




 Is Bill dying? 




 Someone reported my sisters gusher blunt pic, and I told her about it.   She said "ha!"   

Hope that helps  




  DON'T STOP


 THINKING ABOUT TOMORROW  




 I too want to feel like a whore
 




 When I was just a little version of me now, I caught one of these guys about 3 blocks from my house.   I cuffed him/her into my hand and ran like hell home to show my rents.   When I finally arrived home I called my Dad   Mom to the front steps.   As they were standing in front me I opened my hand to reveal a dead baby frog.   

I killed him/her and I never can let it go.

I'm sorry... 




 So weird.   I just glanced at the pic and I guessed MN.   I'm from the iron range and everything just looks to familiar!  




 Aight thanks!  









 sorrrry 









  25?! Good for her! Here's hoping she has many more months ahead. 




 The Taj Mahal for ants? 




 6900$ is a lot of cash 




 Woot!  Another Duluthian! 




 What comes to mind is those dish sink cleaners with the soap gel in the handle.     Once in awhile you can tell water leaked into the handle.    
Which if was toothpaste would basically ruin it.    




 [Hey TFRAIZ I have the twin of your cat](http://imgur.com/R916b)

and if you want to know what he will look like soon click the link below

http://imgur.com/UPPxJqv


Also, make the next two years awesome! 




 My monies on number 58.  He's on fire.   




 I was waiting for it to pop out at the end! 




 People talking about Mario and everyone gets gold coins next to their name?     




 If I tried that in my neighborhood, it would be covered in dicks or stolen.    




 I have to agree with these 2.  I been doing this awhile and the biggest mistake a lot of people make is running "flashy" aluminum parts.   They look great if you plan on keeping this thing on the shelf otherwise first wreck you will start bending stuff.

Switch it to the RPM plastics.   Great strong looking stuff! 




 Looks like Jffy or whatever his name is in the back left corner 




 No shit?!  I walk my crabs everyday.    




 Seth when you make a movie with all your friends how do you decide who gets paid what? 




 He's going to stab himself 




 Is this from MN?   Where I live, we have roads like this all over place.    




 Someone do that fancy spancy 3D rendering shit.   This seems fake.   




 [And I'm just sitting here caterbating](http://imgur.com/jJfap) 




 Ah I see we are recreating the scene from 300.   




 [Barry in kitten form](http://imgur.com/R916b) 









 Helios?   Or something of that nature.   I remember them coming out in 2005. They didn't last long.    




 This is how a super villain/hero is born!   




 The dog is terrifying on the bottom.
 




 Really?  I guess i'll be back Thursday. 




 Porn? 









 For me it was sitting at those kid tables with crayons and a re-run of fox N the hound in the background, while my mom shopped at jcpenneys or herbergers.  




 They are fairly short, but how do you remember these convos?     

Do you play into the convos now to make them funnier or awkward ect.. ?

Do you eliminate words in the convo? 




 I hope a meteorite never brightens my day.   




 Why didn't they ask Carlton to have a seat with them! 




 Is this from that new JGL movie? 




 Deer hunting?  




 Buhl? 




 Not even adjusting them correctly.  Some cars/trucks do not work with HIDs even if you adjust them.   You need the proper housing for the HID's too.  

Also, to the people who do buy them, but don't get High/Low if the vehicle needs them and instead goes with just "Highs" well fuck you.

I hope your ballast starts on fire.   




 where the hell is the one penguin who took a quick right going? 




 Or girls have perfect hiding spots for them.   




 Producers pay for everything and directors get to spend everything.    




 And if the little dog was a person it would be me.  

Just me and Liam  




 They literally camouflaged the missile with the vehicle.    So, it blends in perfect.     

Did they make these wheelers specially for carrying missiles or are these common military grade?   




 I know, right?  Who would want to play for the Mets.   




 Whoa, I just streamed LNJF and you were his guest.    After the show ended I decided to look more into you on the web.  Made a quick stop at Reddit and here you fkn are!    




 Probably not the best way to get a cat outta the tree.   




 What a basket case.   




 Boner bread 




 What's on tap?    




 And baby Joseph Gordon-Levitt is adorable.   




 Unbearable.  




 Better than seashells.  




 Isn't he getting sued for tax fraud or something on his skateparks he's building?   I would google, but I just wasted the rest of my typing time on this sentence.   




 He's half way there! 




 Oh, he did it.  




 You should come back to MN and WI and do a Brewery Beer and Food off! 




 On a side note I just had a nostalgic masterbating moment on this photo.  Havent seen it for years. 




 I just played fallout 3 last year and Fallout NV this year.   First time for any of those kind of games and I have to say Fallout 3 sucked me in way more than NV.   I dunno what it was, but I'm having a hard time even finishing NV.

Only thing I regret is not reading up on the game a little bit before playing.  I never had a dog companion...  




 Just incase the video get blocked.
http://video.nhl.com/videocenter/console?hdpid=49 id=240031 navid=nhl%3Atopheads 




 This picture accurately describes when I try to get to any base with women 




 The car is on a dyno.   




 Great,  Did you really have to take it to this level and call me out.

Also, stop trying to use me for Karma.   




 Business of ferrets. 
 




 I learned this after my roommate left and wrote with permanent marker on the fridge.  




 Let's write a short story together!   




 I was shocked.  




 Yes.

Edit* Incase   




 Next time you are at a buffet, take a look at their plates.   The dishes have the same layout to hide dirt just invade  




 How do all 3 of you know his mom?   




 How do you know that's the kitty's name?   How did it past? 




 My recommendation is to hip check the side of the machine.    




 And they did not do this on purpose.    




 Good thing the dog isn't turned around, otherwise they would have a tail light out. Ha ha he 




 damnit,  paranoid. 









 It really ties the room together.   




 Did you stab him? 




 Not one of your proudest moments, I'm sure.  




