 A few months ago I stumbled upon a info chart that had a basic breakdown of many of the main strength training programs organized by experience levels. If anyone knows what I'm talking about and could provide a link I would greatly appreciate it. Thanks! 




 i kept picturing tom arnold the whole time. 




 What is the time elapse between the two pics? Those results could easily be had. With correctives posture, lose of wight, even just water weight. Good lighting and good makeup. Sure. 




 When it's green both directions and you need to turn left. You wait till it's red then go. In slot of places it two cars on red. 




 One of these days - pink Floyd 

I'm to busy but please will someone compile these into a spotify playlist. 




 Seriously this pic is like two years old. There's even a pic of this tree on google earth floating around somewhere. Common reddit your better than this. 




 Yah ask japan about that one 




 This would make a great short film.  




 Has anyone tried doing this with ugly faces 




 A few weeks ago I was doing heavy DLs and on my final lift i felt a strong pinch under my left butt cheek. Now whenever i do any kind of hip thrust movement involving weight i feel the pinch. 
 My understanding is that it may be my sciatic nerve and that i need to give it time to heal. But this means no deadlift, no squats, no good mornings. what can i do in the meantime to help maintain those lifts and if anyone has had this same problem what can i do to help recovery and how long should i expect to be out game. 




 I feel like accidentally awsome would make a good subreddit. 




 Laurence fishburn in Apocalypse Now. He's like 15 in it! 




 "Did you exchange a walk on part in the war for a lead roll in a cage" - Pink Floyd  




 Had the beat in my head for months. The song was popular in sets like 2 years ago and it sampled the main bass line from the song CARS. Whenever i heard it i kept expecting the vocals to kick in but they never did. Its was big in the tech-house/funk scene. Any help is appreciated. 




 what was that stuff he sniffed right before his last lift?
 




 Davis is not "basically part of sacramento" it's a medium sized town that despretly wants to keep its small town feel but get the pearks of a full blown city. In the summer we loose about 15,000 residents between students and faculty of the campus. It's super libral and ruled by small town politics. It's not part of sac.  









 I don't get enough sleep 









 Everyone you like dies. 




 let a stylist cut your hair how they want and shave 




 That last shot is the jaw droper. 




 Sound logic. I see nothing wrong with this. 




