

































































































































 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wtUn1gWgaw 




















































































 Also Rousey's fights are probably fixed.  She is the face of UFC/MMA.  Defeated she is worth way less.
 









 http://www.laweekly.com/music/henry-rollins-fuck-suicide-5016770 































































































































































































































































































































 That gay? 














 9 unelected lawyers agree with the masses. 



















 He would have went higher than 17th if people bought the hype.

Jammer went 5th.   

















































 Figured as much. 




 They're more likely into the birdfood Whole Foods sells, so they're more likely to be bird brains.  There's some starvation-efficiency modus operandi going on, I'm guessing.

I drove a Prius for a while.  It's a well-made li'l shitbox.  All those backlight center screen cars are annoyingly shit.  An invite to distracted driving.  Even in the newer BMWs and Hondas they are shit.
 




 Patton just sucks.  Seinfeld is toothless as shit. 









 In their defense, only 7 of them are shitty.  And they almost won a World Series. 




 Fans are.  I think they made fans across the country who like underdogs. 




 Lots of fans do.

Companies handing out endorsement deals do. 




 And then no one will vote. 




 Brady is fighting for his legacy and a potential lifetime of endorsements.  Joe Montana shit. 




 Duh and nice detailed criticism. 




 I hope the Roger shows some consistency and completely fucks this up. 




 Or democracy.  This is from the bottom up.  




 A game on national TV that will get pretty high ratings and possibly make history.  This is definitely worth it for the team.  They spend $750,000 to play an away game in front of no one on Tuesday nights usually. 




 Because punk rock is serious business. 









 "This is how you say fuck your baby mom without people getting mad at you"

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WamkRSDeD8 




 Catchy 




 Finally an approriate time to say "golf clap." 




 Go to the movie theater?  No thanks. 









 So like a Rousey fight? 




 Triggered 




 It's at 4 upvotes and 100%.  It's obviously topical and politicized already.  Why not let it ride?  




 He also couldn't before. 




 That explains all the upvotes.  

Bang up job censoring content. 




 Welcome to food service 




 Somebody make this, please. 




 I think you're holding your athletes to an oddly high standard. 




 He could have traded a car he still owed on.  It's not like dealers aren't notorious assholes.  Look at Tesla trying to sell directly to consumers and not through dealers. 




 Clickhole and theonion should be banned from reddit. lol 




 Eh, whatever.  It's your sub to censor as you please. 




 Jameer Nelson would walk in himself to that place. 




 It's from the New Yorker.  Euthanasia is a legitimate solution to deep depression. 




 I was looking up Jameer Nelson from another thread in here.  I thought LJ was mentioned before.  Same place as Nelson. 




 Barry Sanders 




