









 Bottled water. 

I mean, everyone was like who the heck would want to buy water at the price of softdrinks? Look at them now. 









 That's sad to hear :( how can I widen my skillset then? 




 Thanks for the input, could you provide more details please? 




 It's an Australian degree for the bachelors in engineering and masters in engineering. Right now I could switch over to either civil, structural or environmental but i'm not too sure about it. 




 It was actually called Geomatics Engineering but my university renamed it for some reason. It is accredited by Engineers Australia, EUR-ACE and RICS and material we cover include:

Using SQL to program (also learnt C, C++, Java and Python), SDI, GIS, GNSS, Geodesy, Standard math (calc+lin. algebra), land administration, ER Modelling, relational algebra, remote sensing.
 




 Sometimes on first dates I like to just stare into the other person's eyes, hold their hand and tell them: 


"Did you know Ho Chi Minh used to work as a baker in London"? 




 I take out the white cream in Oreos and fill them with white toothpaste and leave them on the counter. 




 You can for a while then your body gives in. Try refraining from thirst and hunger. 









 Sounds like.... *drumroll* ... BONERMAN! 




 Just to give an overview of what courses we have to take:

Using SQL to program (also learnt C, C++, Java and Python), SDI, GIS, GNSS, Geodesy, Standard math (calc+lin. algebra), land administration, ER Modelling, relational algebra, remote sensing and some geology courses like applications of geophysics, tectonics   geodynamics, field mapping and sedimentary geology.



Are GIS careers really my only option? 




 Hey all, just planning for a not-to-serious performance for my residential college and picked some pieces out that are somewhat entertaining both for classical and non-classical audiences which are as follows:


1) Palmgren - Snowflakes (Fitting, it's almost winter right now!)

2) Bartok - Allegro Babaro 

3) Schubert Sonata no.14 - Movement I or III

4) Liszt Legende no.2

5) Prokofiev - Suggestion Diabolique

6) Aaron Copland - Cat and Mouse


What do you guys think? Too many "short" pieces? I'm open to any suggestions and advice :) 












































 OP UPDATE PLEASE. 




 Better safe than sorry! 




