 gay porn 




 this exactly haha 




 You get 180 norcos per month?!?! May I ask how you obtain them? 




 Is that relatively high?  haha now your making me feel bad.  it's taken me about 10 years to get here though. 




 Yeah i think that is the best way to describe it although i don't really "nod" anymore since my tolerance has gone up with the amount i take :(    I could just take more norco to achieve that nod but i'd run out of my script way too fast haha 




 I am sure there are tons of threads on this, maybe not but fuck it haha I thought I would share my experience as it happens. I was bored and took a super low dose of Diphenhydramine (15mg) then 4 norcos about 30 mins later.  It has been about 45 mins since the norco dose and it feels a bit stronger than usual but not like out of control sedated.  I really haven't tried to potentiate my meds before other than tonic water and gf juice which I thought were very trivial potentiators.  What does everyone prefer to use for potentiators, or do most of you just think they are a waste of time?   




 yeah i saw that rashes are a side effect. i think she prescribed this to me because I told her I was having trouble sleeping and I have taken ambien before and didn't really want to get on it again. 




 yeah that is what my doctor said about it possibly helping me sleep.   




 probably not a good thing? 




 haha ok 




 oh ok guess i just gotta try it!
 




 ok so it helps with wds?  have you taken it with any opiates? does it enhance anything or no. 




 so is it like ambien in way? i have had ambien so that would be a comparison point to me. dunno if you have. 
 




 My doctor is going to prescribe this to supplement my norco. I barely think I've even heard of this. Will it help with my pain?  Any input on it is appreciated. 




 crying is good sometimes! 




 no problem haha thanks for giving me an idea to vent on! 




 I can relate with a lot of you said in this post.  I am as well addicted to food and was anorexic at age 18-20.  luckily that passed quickly and I spent most of my 20s focusing on alcohol to where it became a daily chore just to maintain my buzz. that got old and i had a couple years of no real issues which was nice.  the last few years I have been bulimic and i honestly don't know why i even do it or how I started it. I don't do it so I can look pretty for other people, its strictly personal.    I have always been extremely anxious as well and I think that is part of the reason that I get hung up in these situations.  I also feel that having an eating disorder and being a male makes it a bit harder for people to understand- at least the people around me in my life.   




 i guess what I mean is that you are lucky to not have that craving/tendency/disposition/etc to be an IV heroin user like so many other people.
 




 i've never tried heroin yet i do love opiates in general.  i'd consider yourself extremely lucky to have had 3 "disappointing"  experiences with heroin since I can't recall ever reading a story about disappointing heroin experiences unless they ended in death.   




 I got the REAL results back.  false positive.   




 i'm hoping its just a false positive as the only drugs I ever do are my prescriptions which are norco and paxil both prescribed by my doctor so yeah i'm just waiting to hear back from them. 




 I take paxil as well but it is prescribed to me by the same doctor so I would think that they would catch that.  no benadryl or morphine. 




 haha of course!! 




 I dunno. This isn't for work or probation but it would probably put another fork in the road on my route into the pain program in which the questioning doctor reffered me to. 




 yes she does she is the same doctor prescribing it!! haha 




 she responded saying that different meds can interact and and labs can come up as "false positives." 




 yeah this was sent over type not verbally and my doctors main question was why is hydromorphone in your system.
 




 Well I get my tests done thru Kaiser Permanente which is like the Wal Mart of hospitals so I assume its a screw up on their end.  I already messaged my doctor back telling her I am more than willing to re take the test.  it sucks because I am trying to get into this pain program and I am already getting pigeon holed for shit I haven't even done haha! 




 had a urine test and it came back positive for Dilaudid which I have never done in my life.  I take norco everyday for pain and have a legit script for that. any reason why this would happen?  i understand i would test positive for some kind of opiate but my doctor told me today about the dilaudid and I was like wtf I have no idea.   




 I'm gonna with the easy one: dying in my sleep.  but runners up are a quick accident where it happens so fast i'm dead before I know it or being doped up to the gills and go out peacefully if i had some kind of terminal illness. 




 agreed! he just stuck out to me so far. i'm still not done I keep getting distracted haha. 




 watching it right now about 1/2 way thru.  not too surprised this takes place in west virginia.  the guy with brain cancer makes me a bit sad i feel bad for him. 




 Pissing in a river watching it rise 




 I still get the exact same ones! 




 mac dre! you from the bay? 




 haha yeah i'm pretty versed in that schitk or however you spell it. 




 yep physical therapy and yoga is gonna be the 1st thing they want me to do. i have done a bit of research.  fuck man i have already done so much damn PT. 




 i have the same feeling that they will if i am lucky at least get me something that will last longer than my norcos which only last about 3 hours. 




 here is the deal i've been with the same doc for about 5 years now and have developed a rapport with her.  I am currently being prescribed 120 norcos a month for legitimate pain that MRI's will back up. I take usually about 3-4 a day so I don't feel that I am abusing them since when I take them I can actually move around and be somewhat limber.  I actually have a bit of a stockpile of them cause i've been a good guy haha.  Anyways last time I met up with her she wanted to refer me to the chronic pain program. I have never been in a situation like this. Is this good or bad?  FYI I am going thru Kaiser Permanente in northern california so if anyone has any experiences please share. thanks! 




 haha thats a jacket. 




 haha thanks for the comments guys.  just thought i'd share. 




 norcos
 









 wow. jackpot!! kudos to you!! 




 I'd be really surprised if they shipped to anywhere that you would need a script 




 That's a good deal. Did the person selling know what they had or just being generous?!? 




 hope you're not the one operating the boat. 




 Never seen these. Seen other generic whites but not shaped like the yellows  




 yeah i'm talking more like 5/500's. something with a lot of apap in it. 




 so it'd basically be like canada then with codiene more or less is what you are saying? 




 If heroin or opiates in general were legal to purchase in the US meaning you can go to Walgreens and buy opiate pills as you would like at anytime just like say ibuprofen then I believe possibly a lot more people would start using them because they would realize how much more effective they actually are than non narcotics when it comes to real pain. the problem with this of course is you have a small percentage of idiots who will of course abuse and od on said narcotics.  Natural selection perhaps?!?! I don't even have to state that crime would rapidly decrease if this were the case though.  For the record I am legally prescribed a small amount of opiate painkillers which I do take daily and responsibly.   




 OK good to know since I don't want to snort anything haha 




 I am still at around 3 norcos to do the trick and have somehow made this work for several years now.  Good self control/ tolerance i suppose although i have had to taper around to keep my tolerance in check.  I have only taken them orally.  Is it even worth it to snort them?  I have heard some people say its a waste of time but i'd like to hear people's opinions. 




 lol. hopefully i'll never be caught posting there!! 




 thats a weird subreddit never knew about it. 




 i might i just haven't ever taken one before so i get weirded out sometimes when i haven't used it before.  I know this sounds exceptionally funny coming from an opiate user too hahaha but i am weird when it comes to dumb shit like this sometimes. 




 And if any of you guys lived nearby I'd gladly give it up im just not gonna risk mailing it 




 Paying $80 for 1 tiny little pill no matter what it is just seems so frivolous 




 Haha I shouldn't have phrased it that way 




 I already stated my location in a previous post in this thread.  if you can find it then you win!! haha. 




 i'm not telling anyone at work what so ever. i do have a few ideas on who it could of been. plus the fact that its a kitchen that caters to down and out types of people could mean it was one of theirs as well so who knows. 




 for the record i don't plan on taking it. i frequent this forum and have a tolerance of 30mg hydrocodone daily. just thought it was crazy to find this under the circumstances that i did being a church and all.  best thing is 1st thing that crossed my mind: post this on r/opiates lol!! 




 thats what is kiling me is i want to know who dropped it!! i do work in a soup kitchen that caters to down and out types though so it could of came from one of them. 




 I just can't believe that i mopped the shit outta it and it was still intact. hahaha wow.  I wish 1 of you guys were here now so I could give it to you, I love my brops!! 




 northern california 




 damn thats crazy.  so these are the ones they discontinued?  I was thinking that they are. 




 I take norcos daily about 30mg and have had morphine in the hospital but I'm a bit worried about taking it since I hear that these are the  best ones and with my addictive personality and family history I might take it and never look back haha. I would honestly just give it to one of you guys so my curiosity doesn't get the best of me. What's the street value on these $30-50? 




 yeah its an oc 80.  so weird that i somehow found it while mopping up in a church kitchen lol.  its killing me to know whose it was!!   




 i work in a church kitchen and literally mopped up over this thinking it was a piece of candy.  never done these but have heard about them from this subreddit.  score?!?!  i don't know what i'm gonna do with it- i havent touched anything stronger than norcos.  http://imgur.com/t9pNREv 




 http://imgur.com/XUP6kk9 




 i saw a lot of people talked shit on my last pic post of 3 norcos in my grinder and thats cool doesnt bother me because it's people like me with self control that can stockpile their shit and make it through the rough and tough times.  good vibes everyone that has been cool to me.  http://imgur.com/XUP6kk9 




 i had an empty one in my car after buying about 15 norcos. Since all the guy gave me was the cellophane wrapping from a cig package to put em in I just threw em the tic tac container for the hour long drive back so they didn't get lost.  Will do it again if i don't have an actual pill bottle and recommend it as well haha! 




 lol i've actually had to do this before!! 




 i have done this several times on around 15-20mg a day habit for a couple years then cold turkey cause i ran out.  for about for days its uncomfortable but not that bad where it really affected me so much i couldn't function so i agree with your statement. 




 I did once on codiene cough syrup. one of the worst experiences of my life. drank about 1/2 bottle of the syrup and drank alcohol through out the course of the night. i had tried codiene cough syrup before but only in small doses and it felt great but this time around i honestly did not feel that buzzed so i just got bored and fell asleep.  next morning i woke up (luckily) and i felt extremely depressed/anxious and just crappy mentally. Like so much after a few days of feeling this way I got scared and actually went and saw a psycharatrist and told him what had happened and that i was starting to get very worried that i could of really fucked myself up mentally for life.  he said that basically what i was going thru was more or less normal and it was me withdrawing from the drugs. I have gone thru withdrawls from opiates before and this was nothing like it has ever been for me but yeah.  He gave me some valium which i only ended up taking 1 because it just made me feel loopy i guess and didn't really solve anything.  I'd say that it took the better part of a month to actually feel back to normal mentally.  Very scary stuff!! 




 yeah it might be related to different classes of people but i've only heard black people use the term up until this thread! 




 haha naw i know how to say it but i was just curious. 




 yeah if its a one time thing i'd think you be fine just don't make a daily habit of 4,500 mg acetaminophen but i hope you would know that already haha.
 




 haha then you are the first white guy i have heard use that term!  i was assuming it was a regional or hood type slang.  good to know. 




 how come black people always call it this and i've never heard any other race use this term for heroin?  just a dumb question that i have wondered for a long time haha. 




 Haha thanks man my tolerance is definitely higher than what it used to be but i am still trying to keep it relatively low so i can be a productive member of society and not a complete burnout  




 Not snorting them 




 I still can't believe how worked up some of you have gotten over this hahaha 




 a simple pill crusher. and a wood table that needs restoration, just bare wood is all. 




 hahaha i'm loving what my dumb thread has started.  I am totally sober now. it was a bit of a joke to begin with. 




