









 Oh please, go back to writing your angsty poetry, would you? 




 Well, yeah, but it's *French* you uncultured swine. 




 Hmm. The connection is tenuous. 




 Is, um...is it...a dick?

I think it might be a dick. 




 He's got your mother? Or your approval? 




 And Pakistan has...how many nuclear weapons, now? 




 Well, that and well, I mean...y'know, you're...white. Ahem. 




 Don't be so rudely pointed. You could afford to suggest improvements more tactfully, if you want them taken seriously. 




 Just so you know, OP, you misspelled "probably." Otherwise, everything is spelled correctly. 




 Yes hello from the US, hopefully you can have your university students send us a "thank you" card or something for subsidizing your defense and freeing up all those education funds!

Not that I resent it or anything, it's just not so lickety-split as it seems. 




 This article is suuuuper harsh, wow. Idk enough to decide whether it's justified or not, but man that author seems to  really hate them. 




 Happy Birthday Massacre! 




 I didn't think these people were actually real. Is this a troll? 




 DOOOHOOHOOHOOOOOD 




 TIL black people are bad, and white people are victimized! 




 p[a]edophile 




 But you are not a brick, I assume. 




 You're a party pooper, that's what you are. 




 I MUST PET THEM 




 You shut up! My master could beat up your master! 




 LOL wrong thread dude XD 




 No Eyes is creeping me iut 




 OMG I have those same PJ's! I also have a dick pic in them...funny. 




 That makes more sense, but I prefer the other explanation better because it validates my opinions.

I'm torn. 




 Honestly I'm very surprised there isn't more content there. 




 You missed the reference, that's why you got downvoted.

Life is unfair. 




 I instantly read it in her voice :) 




 C'mon man, in layman's terms please. 









 Totally agree. Unsubbed a while ago. Very glad, much fewer random pictures of (what I think are) uninteresting things showing up on my front page.

Some people enjoy the sort of click-baity stuff that makes up most of the defaults, and that's fine, it can be fun. But I don't. 




 Where do you live? You can register in WA state online! Maybe you can in your state, too. 




 There is much hatred for this comment. It isn't the best comment, certainly. But the hatred seems disproportionate. 


































 [Link to study](http://www.asanet.org/documents/press/pdfs/AM_2014_Christin_Munsch_News_Release_FINAL.pdf) 



















 Ah, yeah, sorry about that. All you've got to do is close it out, you get like 8 articles a month for free or something like that.

Edit: Alternatively, $2.99 is a pretty good deal for a subscription, if you're as in to foreign affairs as I am. 












































