 Okay, so I was wondering if you have a hammer of god (which has 4 batteries) would super sub-ohming be safer? I'm not big into low builds, but in my mind the load would be evenly distributed among all 4 batteries. Is that accurate? Why or why not? Are there any articles I could read on the subject? 




 Can we get a glow shot?! 




 Nah that should be fine. Right guys? Guys? 




 I've had that. I cheated against my girlfriend because I wanted to beat her just once. She had been cheating too so it became a game of luck. She still won. 




 Also came here to ask. 




 Off topic, but is 3/4th proper? 




 The best part is he takes the rock too. You can tell he's on a budget! 




 Did you bring your TURBO rda??! 




 Fair enough 




 I think we both know that no one thinks a dog has lived 7 years when we have lived 1. Their bodies are aged roughly 7 times faster than a humans though. 




 Couldn't you just close the door? 




 Did... Did you just say dogs don't age faster than we do? No one is saying that time passes faster for dogs, but they certainly do age much much faster. I'd like to see one external source that says otherwise. 




 He shouldn't have been standing in front of it in the first place though. 




 What if you'd have to drink the dick because you've been hitting it for so long 




 Kinda the same thing as a gentlemen's club I guess. Men come in to look at women. 




 Batman is in there twice too lol 









 Or is it incest?  




 I see that hammer pipe mod over on the left! I hated that thing... It looks nice but it's pretty finicky. If you're into spending any more money I'd look into the hammer of the gods box mod. It's my personal favorite. 




 If you like the freak show look for the mad hatter. Same manufacturer and they're both fantastic. 




 I said a year not two, that's just ridiculous. 




 Doesn't that take a year to heat up? 




 I bet that's got a good throat hit 




 The first one doesn't say "for the better". 




 There's two halves to every lemon professor scam! 




 From what I can remember in that country people could pay to get that blue light to bypass busy traffic. 




 Work at vegetarian store, can confirm. 




