 Depends on what the stock tread depth is.  Some tires only start at 9 or 10.  I thought you shouldn't have more than 2/32nd difference between the front and rears, but you were already beyond that.  

i'm sure the service dept can tell you. 




 Did he fall off a mountain a while back? 




 I've gone through 2 batteries in 6 years.  For some reason these cars are hard on them. 




 I remember when it was .59...per gallon! 




 I've been checking, the Sprint one has been on sale recently, but no mention of the Verizon one 




 Not on a new Verizon contract you didn't. 




 Minute physics has a good explanation of this.  




 Yup, well the sacked Stig that revealed his name in his book. Not the current one 




 First issue might be a battery going out, 2nd issue might be normal.  These engines have a little clicking sound under normal idle.  You can only hear it when the hood is up usually.   




 you can lurk for years you know... 




 Can't help you there.  Depends on how long you want to keep the car. It's 12 years old already, so if you want it for a few more, you can get the $40 and hope it works just as good, or if you want to have it another 12, then you can afford to spend the $80. 




 Looks like Rockauto.com has some for like $40. http://puu.sh/gF0uB/012c12b57a.png 




 A BMW is expensive.  The mp4-12c is 10x more than a normal BMW 




 Mines almost always on the Tag Heuer Grand Carrera 




 And the TSA prevents terrorists... 




 Spotukey 




 works great. I don't have a picture, kind of hard to take a photo of your camera in a holster. 




 http://www.amazon.com/Mountek-nGroove-Universal-Phones-Devices/dp/B004G1L52Q/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8 qid=1426465664 sr=8-2 keywords=phone+mount+cd

This is the one I have for my Note 3.  It's plenty wide for it.  Goes in the CD player slot (which I never use) so It's right below my GPS screen in the car. 




 If they are all electric cars, there isn't much to be maintained or go wrong 




 82% in 2012/2013 http://www.almonds.com/sites/default/files/content/attachments/2013_almanac.pdf (page 12) 




 you mean /u/wil should give him a call.  




 [Better Bioshock Poster](http://i.imgur.com/aXuiKUt.jpg) if we are doing movie ones. 




 Almost all of the worlds almonds come from california. It's over a billion dollar business. 




 Pretty sure piranhas don't eat bones 




 I do the same thing.  Not only is the clutch getting less work, your brakes last way longer too.  I'm at 65k miles on the factory brakes and they still have a fair bit of pad left 




 1d6 per 200 lbs x 10 ft of fall distance.  So if the bear weighed 1000 lbs and fell 40 ft, that would be 20d6.

The average damage from that would be 70 hp. (50-90 standard deviation) 




 ....tell me you're trolling 




 I'll get N6 for $250... with a new line anyway.  I'm sure it's easily worth that. 




 This might be good for Wal-Mart Army. "Even Fred Meyer people had a hard time finding any!" 




 See flair.  Pure city, 15-16 (lowest was 14.5), pure hwy 28 (65mph ave) at best (I got 30 over 100 miles once). so 20-22 mixed most of the time. 




 In almost all cases, it's cheaper to repair than to buy again.  However, it could be a money pit if you fix one thing, then that makes some other part fail, then you fix that....

Could be a cascading effect, but that's usually on like 25+ year old cars, not 10. 

I prefer the coupes over sedans because it feels closer to a 350z than a nicer maxima. 

If you have a rebuilt/repaired car, you can forget about recouping your $ in resale value.  It'll not be worth as much.
 




 if it's been taken to any authorized dealer, you should be able to
 




 http://www.bluemaumau.org/11948/government_research_declares_again_franchises_do_not_succeed_more_small_businesses 




 nope.  Just the normal sound of the motor. 




 Yeah, it's fine. my 08 sounds the same.  I think it's the lifters or the belts 




 Q4 2011 = 23%
Q4 2012 = 20.9%
Q4 2013 = 17.5%
Q4 2014 = 19.7%

So it's declining overall the last 4 years, but this year saw a bump with the 6 and 6+, but not to the prior share of 2012 or older.  And that's just q4 results.  If you look at q3, it's around 12%-15% each year. 




 I haven't seen a car list yet, but next month [Project Cars](http://www.projectcarsgame.com/) should be out.  You could look into that. 




 yeah, for Q4 2014 it was Android	76.6%	iOS 19.7% Windows	2.8% Blackberry	0.4%	 and other 0.5% 




 it's over 10 years old now. 




 [Very close](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Rabbit+Hill+School/@30.6053119,-97.6630912,141m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m6!1m3!3m2!1s0x0:0x90cd58a742b16a18!2sRabbit+Hill+School!3m1!1s0x0:0x90cd58a742b16a18) 









 just your iOS...which is a declining market share. 




 pretty sure it was the lie, not the act 




 While I get your point, a lot of road funding are from the gas tax, not income tax. 




 [Literally](http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/238/219/71f.png) 




 You sound like all taxes go to safety net services.  




 If you make $40k (almost 2x the median) each will use the same amount of federal services. $0 (until you reach social security age) 




 Well, a lot of the uber rich pay much less in taxes as a percentage of their income.  Sure they might pay a million in taxes every year, but if they make 6.6 million a year on investments, then that's less than someone that makes a $40k salary and has to pay $8000 percentage wise. 




 Ok cool. We have a friend that works as M$ and he said sometimes it's hard to get promotions or raises due to a lack of a degree 




 Which ever one you pick, have a franchise lawyer look over the FDD.  I was going to buy an anytime fitness franchise.  I had a great spot and decent lease pricing picked out.  Then I had a lawyer look at it and gave me some good questions to ask.  He also spelled out in plain terms how they will always get their fees even if the business goes under, even if it's through no fault of my own.  There was language in it that said they could put me out of business if certain things happened.  They had no obligation to do anything for me after the doors opened.

A big pitfall for food franchises is that they control who you buy your supplies from...because they own those distribution channels.   If they raise the price of food, then you can't go elsewhere to get a more competitive rate.

Anytime fitness is the same way.  They own the payment processor you use, the security and monitoring equipment companies, the back end software, everything but the actual fitness equipment. If they decide they want more money, there is nothing you can do about it.  And this is coming from the #1 franchise to own right now.

There are stats (I don't have right now) that say that there is only a 1% difference in being successful between a business that is independent and a franchise.  




 It was on the top of the pile in the garbage can 




 Unless you have comcast and use a playstation. 




 It's a joke.  




 It's a joke? 




 It might have been me.  The only memory I had in first grade was when I was forced to be paddled in front of the class after lunch because I lied about eating all of my sandwich (I tossed the crusts).  This was 1984 about 30 miles outside of Austin. 




 While actually working, is there anything weird because you're a female, and have you've heard/seen that it's hard or impossible to progress career without C.S. degree?

 




 You sound like the embodiment of a George Carlin quote. "The rich make all the money, pay none of the taxes. The middle class pays all of the taxes and does all of the work.  The poor are there just to scare the shit out of the middle class.  Keeps them showing up to those 'jobs'. " 




 While actually working, is there anything weird because you're a female, and have you've heard/seen that it's hard or impossible to progress career without C.S. degree?
 




 Just like Bill O'Reilly thinks that there isn't racism in this country anymore right? Why can't we just move past it? 




 Thanks for that. Good to see a reply, I was getting worried that there were no woman web devs on this sub 




 Nope, free. Companies that need web developers sponsor this program and that's where you intern. 




 you should check out all the other breweries Bend has.  Theres like 15+ of them just in the little town of 100k 




 There's also an approximately zero percent chance that random fucking people are going to start delivering packages. Has this guy forgotten what supply chains are and the importance of controlling supply chains? DHL are going to use their air fleet to fly packages around the world and will....hand them over to Joe Shlub to deliver them in his Prius? Look at the stink that Uber has caused with the taxi driver's lobby...you'd see governments fall before the delivery giants start allowing randomers to fulfil orders for retailers.

I thought I read somewhere that Amazon was looking at taxi companies to do 1 hour delivery in certain areas 




 My wife just wears the one engagement ring.  The other wedding band would actually take away from the custom design we had done. 




 I know in the FAQ there are some links to general answers to these questions, but I'm looking for a particular viewpoint.

My wife has made it to the 2nd round of candidates for an academy that is targeting technically minded women. They take women with little to no experience in web development, and giving them a intensive 7 month course + 5 month internship at local (Seattle) tech companies to be a full stack developer for free.

I'd like to hear more about the industry (local Seattle would be best) to know what she would be getting into? Things like, pay, workload, expected hours/week, ability to still have a personal life/vacations, what kind of corporate BS (I know it's in every industry) you have to wade through, industry specific challenges (outside of actual project challenges), etc. A womans perspective would be ideal.
Thanks in advance. 




 My wife submitted her application and has her interview with them next week. Can you give any more details on the program that aren't readily available and more importantly, what kind of results (job prospects) actually came of this? 




 Seattle Area code.  Not too surprising. 




 My wife has made it to the 2nd round of candidates for an academy that is targeting technically minded women.  They take women with little to no experience in web development, and giving them a intensive 7 month course + 5 month internship at local (Seattle) tech companies to be a full stack developer for free.

I'd like to hear more about the industry (local Seattle would be best) to know what she would be getting into?  Things like, pay, workload, expected hours/week, ability to still have a personal life/vacations, what kind of corporate BS (I know it's in every industry) you have to wade through, industry specific challenges (outside of actual project challenges), etc.   A womans perspective would be ideal.

Thanks in advance. 




 cool thanks.

I don't have Moto Assist right now, so I guess I can live without it.  Maybe the people at XDA will be able to get it working reliably.  




  4-6 hours

I'm assuming that's SOT.

Also, is there any way to add Moto Assist to it?  That's a really neat app. 




 I've been waiting for Verizon to release this phone to get it for $200 instead of $650.  I went to look at one at the AT T store.  
It had some nasty burn  in.  I know it's been there on full brightness for 12+ hours a day for months.  Anyone seen this in real world usage?

Also, What is missing from the this phone? The one thing I really like about my wife's Moto X (2013) is the Moto Assist app. The nexus is a Moto phone, so does have or can it get this app?

I'll be coming from a Note 3 (Galaxy Nexus before that) so I'm looking forward to the bigger size, Android 5.1, and similar battery life (I get 3-4 hours of SOT now).

I know people are raving about other kernels and ROMs but I'll look for just basic root and apps that utilize that well. 




 You can get vented rotors that help with brake fade.  That's the cheapest option. http://www.stillen.com/products/brake-rotors/

You can get "big brake kits" that up the rotor size and caliper piston #.  http://www.stillen.com/products/brake-kits/?varyear=2007 varmake=Infiniti varmodel=G35

Just depends on how big you want to go.  If you do track racing regularly, then you would see a real benefit with the big kits.  Otherwise just the rotors might help a little with "spirited" driving day to day. 




 Bigger brakes maybe?  Doesn't matter how fast you can go if you can't stop quickly.

If you don't want to go real big HP (supercharging/turbo), then consider an Uprev tune?  Should be able to squeeze more HP out of the current mods and give you a little better throttle response.  I'd only do this after you are done with engine/hp mods. 




 Unfortunately I'm not a mechanic, I just have a basic understanding of how the car works 




 Could be a throttle position sensor, or even the ignition switch if the fuel pump is working properly.  Lots of things need to work to keep the engine at idle 




 yeah, that 83 Bimmer must get you tons of looks....http://www.carpictures.com/pics/full/01G98440117472A/BMW-320i-black-1983-01G98440117472A.jpeg 




 AFAIK, the x models don't have a manual transmission option...for some stupid reason. 




 If the roads are plowed, and there aren't many hills...then snow tires + weight will do ok.  Add hills and/or not plowed, it'll be tough/sketchy for sure. 




 Yeah, I make a bit over 6 figures so what I owe is not a large % of my income. 




 one of them is an independant consulting gig where I get a 1099 instead of a traditional paycheck.  I should pay quarterly taxes on it, but I'd rather pay the $25 fine at the end of the year and keep all the money until it's time to pay in April.  That way the gov. isn't making interest on my money. 




 Lol, what's a refund? I owe like $7k every year 




 Not if the guy doing the trick is good enough at focusing his attention 




 A congress...Seriously 




 I don't know what I expected...

I even said to myself, it'll be dickbutt, watch. 




 i've heard that those pills all have a class action suit against them.  IUD is where it's at.  no periods, period.  Just swap it out every 5-10 years depending on the type.  Not sure why every woman doesn't have them (unless you want kids soon) 




 it's the psychological thing about one lane road vs 2 lane.  You feel safer on a 2 lane road and more comfortable going faster.  But when it's 1 lane again, 45 mph is the same safe feeling as 65 on 2 lane 




 Looks like he deals them all into his right hand, holding them with the last 2 fingers, then when he goes to sweep the table with that hand, he drops them below the table. 




 There is a big one on Maui too. Also in the north shore part. 




 Bottom part of the screen under the options to play, rate, save, etc 




 nothing has a hard date (that we know of) that is leaving.  Sometimes there are changes at the start of each month, sometimes its 6 months.

When nothing has a date, nothing will show up.  I promise you they will be there when it's announced that those titles will be leaving. 




 wow, people still use TiVo?  Had 2 of them from 2007 that I tossed when I moved last. 




 It only shows up on things that are going away soon.  Example, I watched Cool Runnings on Feb 26th and it said that it was going away on March 1 




 It's there on both of my playstations (3 and 4) 




 He who represents himself has a fool for a client.  Get a lawyer 




 There will be a date on the ticket. You need to plead guilty or not guilty on our before that day.  If you plead not guilty, you'll get a court date. 




 It all depends your jurisdiction. Some do this, some do traffic school.  Sometimes if the cop doesn't show up to court, the have to let you off. Other times the cops do not have to show and their testimony is filed when the ticket is filled 




 If you say you were speeding, in any form, you will be found guilty.  You admitted to it. The cop doesn't have to say a word.  




 Get a lawyer. If they are able to get you off, it'll cost the same as the ticket but won't be on your record to up your insurance for 3+ years. 




 Somewhere in Oregon for sure. 




 Last one I saw was July 2013 




 They are the default emoji's on Google Hangouts
 




 weiner dogs are the meanest breed out there.  Nothing but a fur covered napoleon complex 




 it's a definite throwback to the old rated R action movies of the 80's and early 90's.  Lots of death, lots of blood and guts, lots of guns, lots of awesome. 




 If I remember right is a way of disposing oil that isn't useful or something like that.  




 won't improve it, that's for sure.  you might be able to up the price a few grand MAYBE. But mods have a terrible return on investment for resale. 




 Most of the V8's that you find in the competition's cars are more expensive by a good bit.  Their HP are in the 425-475 range.

if you want your G to be in that range, you can spend 7-10k on a supercharging kit with the oil cooler and be at 500 to the crank and still have lots of day to day driving ability. 




