 Oh, I see. Ignoring me now... *cries* 




 how do you know this? 




 btw itis means inflammation so that means you gave them inflamed Poutine. 




 I just googled poutine. Seems good. I'll take that hug now. 




 Okay! :D First, do you have any scumseases from JSmith or NL? 




 :DDDD I'm famous now! Michael Al Fox responded!! 




 Never seen this post before. Not a repost!! 




 I don't know what you were expecting with this post... 




 When no one notices that the poster is michael al fox. *sighs* 




 I swear this comment will be on /r/feminism saying we are comparing feminists to the KKK. 




 I see where I went wrong 




 true 









 Nah man, it is really damn good 









 Just savin' you from the salty downvotes man. 




 You stated the name of the post in past tense, but that's = that is. You should have said that was. I am just saving you from the grammar nazis. I upvoted. Don't hate me. 




 I say delete this post a post it to a subreddit where people would expect something really creepy... EDIT: Really good looking though 









 I though OP meant a subway. Like, with trains... I understand now... 




 The One with Joey's Interview. 




 Wow, went to sleep, woke up. 3 upvotes 80 comments. Oh well, here it goes... You know those plastic jungle gyms? At fast food places and stuff like that. In one of them. At a Dentists' office. There was a rocket in the play thing, so i climbed in it and went to town. Half way through a 4-5 year old came through one of the tunnels, look me right in the eye, and said... "Hi" I said "Hi" and he just went away. The weirdest part was after that I kept going... 




 Please. Please. PLEASE TELL ME YOU SHOT IT OFF THE ROOF!!

edit: happy cakeday :D 




 I'll post mine at 50 comments. I got caught, by a 5 year old. I'll tell you that much. 




 story now. 




 [mrw](http://i.imgur.com/aWuGb.gifv) 




 :( 




 I'll just leave this comment here until I cant think of a pun so I can edit and act like I immediately thought of it. Not really, but still, a nursing home? Was it in the bathroom or in public or what? 




 Wow, this thread is doing pretty good for being around for... 10 minutes... 




 What film were they showing? Was it relevant to your urge to fap? 




 That's a pretty good one. Where did "it" land. 




 Your name is relevant. 




 If that's what you want to call it. (   ) 




 I have a pretty good one and will comment if this thread gets attention. 




 Hmm, not a COD fan but very well made video indeed. 









 This will certainly make straight homo-phobic people respect gays! Oh.. Wait.. IT WONT 




 Yeah. Not the Twin Humanities though. Now I'm out of humanities... D:
 




 I tried again. Died. Came back. She was dead. ??? 




 I'm lvl 26 and need help in qualaag fight. 




 I am level 26. I don't know how to find SL 




 I have a shield. And am using the uchikata +5 and rapier +5
 




 Any Praise the Sun puns. Those always go amazingly.  




 Do you mean, what time to help me? 




 PS3, ???, ??? 




 I am a noob to Dark Souls. I have played DS2 but I haven't beaten that either. I have enjoyed Dark Souls but I can't finish this boss. Please help...
*EDIT* Facepalm... also I'm on ps3 









 This is the first /r/flakdream post. Say hi here! The only place I have posted this is in the chat for Last_Grey_Wolf, so probably no one will see this. If you do, say hi in the comments! 




 Yeah, I guess. What is just plain scrying used for anyway? With no spells. 




 I still can't understand the 3rd sentence. 









 Interesting. Was it a good deck? On a scale of 1-69 how good? Also, did you lose or did he give you a challenge? I may do something like that. Seems cool. 









 With Knowledge and Power and similar cards, and cards that require you to scry. Could you have a dick where there was a heavy focus on scrying. I have started to modify my main deck, which is a crappy fire deck, to include more scrying to take advantage of this card. Any other red mana if you scry do "___" or scry cards? 




 I know the feel OP... *single tear* 









 :( Sorry. 




  **Meesa Jar-Jar Binks!** 




 Way, way back. I loved CP, Club Penguin. Club Penguin got me my first "girl friend". We dated for about a week. One day we were at the club and she said. Moon, I have something important to tell you. I was confused. They then took off all their clothes, then put on ganster clothes. She then said. "I'm a boy" My Username of steam is train_subject1909 




 REPOST! This was the first ever scumbag boss! That's why he has a cigar! Kappa 




 Sandstorm is a good song. It is known for it's nonsensical music video. Did you direct the music video or did someone else. If someone else, how fast was it until got fired. If it was you, how long did it take you to find a record label to take you in? 




 Did you literally say regulation! YOU SHOULD KNOW THAT TRIGGERS ME!
 




 quite true... xD 




 How many times are scientists going to argue whether a dead animal is it's own species? 




 To be honest chivalry is being polite to a girl you care about. Of course they can open a door for themselves just like a ill person can get out of the hospital bed and get it for themselves. It is just polite and kind to do it for them. 









 You won't get karma because it is a text post. :p 




 Oh, 1 year and still learning. I didn't know self posts didn't get karma. I guess that is why sometimes people post images of text? 




 train_subject1909 




 OP is a faggot... 




 Scumbag OP. Complains about hashtags, uses hashtags. 




 At least you got karma 




