 We were going for the small subtle changes.   









 I'm cheering for the martians.  Slaine is the man! 




 Mosquitoes, they suck. 




 Feed me, seymour. 




 Am I the only one that thinks Slaine is a good guy?  




 That book KICKS ASS! 




 I chew, but that is disgusting. 




 Now is a good time to.  You won't regret it, even at full price. 




 I'm still trying to beat TLoU on grounded mode.  It's incredibly difficult but I love it. 




 Ya s1009RR just looked generic to me.  I really liked the R nineT, if had the money I would buy it today.   




 Ya know it's the middle of winter I guess I'm just itching to go on a ride.   




 A Russian wedding without at least 3 deaths is considered a dull affair. 




 Well I guess we're both going to have to live with this disappointment. 




 Jeez ya'll a bunch of bitches, who cares what the lingo is. The bike is pretty damn cool. 




 I've been wrong my entire life. 









 I'm not gonna lie I'm rooting for slaine.   




 Bryan cranston- the things they carried.  I had chills the entire time. 




 "Let justice be done, through the heavens fall".  Everything about that show is badass. 




 I like that.   




 She ages like wine. 




 "Don't believe in yourself! Believe in the me, that believes in you!" - TTGL 




 Ya I started watching jo jo's buzzar adventure instead. 




 I don't know but OP's mom sure had one. 




 Casey Anthony: babysitter. 




 Third shift Amber ale. 




 Thanks. 




 So go poop. 




 Well, you got 1 upvote from me. 




 Everybody poops. 




 Is it funny? Exciting? Dark? Surreal? Gotta give me more. 




 Looking for a new anime, anyone want to give me their opinion? 




 They shouldn't let Jay Leno wear that much make-up. 




 That's a girl? 




 I'm terribly sorry for your loss.  I can only imagine what you may be feeling right now. 




 The pipe is a Bassani Covington Hot rod. 




 Bassani Covington Hot rod 









 I loved the light novels.  I must have finished them in like less than 3 weeks.  Does anyone know when volume 15 will be out? 




