




 Exactly right. I took this on a bike ride with a canon canonet rangefinder.  









 I know how to sport 




 He must play sportsball 




 Sidewalk and Grass Mimes don't count.  




 Your username makes a lot of sense 




 yea dude. I saw! So excited for them. Gunna totally check em out live next week at Rockwood in NYC 









 Hence the question. I had no idea. I now know all of this and so much more. It's great.  




 Full disclosure. I am a musician. Studied music theory, all eras of western music history and performance practice in college while playing in up to 10 ensembles a semester. I know how to analyze 12 tone music, perform some of my instruments hardest repertoire as well as understand its significance but I do not understand basic construction principles. I did not take a single class on the subject. I also have not played minecraft. Im more of a fall out 3 guy. Shadows of Mordor is also dope. Mario and Zelda are my bread and butter.  




 I will for sure  




 I was hoping to find out more about this. It was part of my original question so I appreciate you chiming in. Anyone have any insight? 




 Wow. I wood've had no idea 




 I live in the US, yup. Love hearing what the rest of the world uses to construct homes and why. Maybe we should take pages from their books.  




 Is this legit? 




 Do you see this changing in the future? How will we use wood to build our homes? Do you think we will see a shift to using more manmade materials over wood? Have you started to see this at all? Sorry for the questions. Very interested to learn what your thoughts are. 

Edit: I am speaking from a North American perspective. I am learning now that it seems we love our timber more than most of the world. Fascinating to hear about the alternatives and how sustainable wood is! 
 




 At this pace well probably see that as reality sooner than we'd hope. 

Edit: thanks for the knowledge folks! Had no idea wood was this sustainable.  




 In a world with no trees or a severe lack of trees, where would we turn? Besides that sounding like this intro to a shitty movie trailer, what can will humans use to make reliable and safe structures?  




 I was commuting to work and I saw a newly completed wood frame of an apartment complex made from - well you guessed it - wood! Nothing crazy. We build shit with wood all the time. Seems just like standard fare at this point. 

But wood is prone to so much damage especially over time; accidents, rotting, etc etc not to mention other environmental reasons. Why (besides our lack of desire for change and the sheer convenience factor) something else more durable and for lack of a better term, 'furureproof' has not been used or developed yet? If it has been, why has it not been made scalable.

EDIT: Thanks for your responses everyone. I am learning so much about wood, its uses in modern home construction, its sustainability and all of the alternative materials the rest of the world uses to build its homes. This is great! 

EDIT 2: So far today I learned that you can make not only houses from hemp but cars as well. Add that to the list of things everyone has contributed with, I can say that wood is very cool. Seems that while wood may work great in some places, in others it does not make as much sense. Love the endless stream of information that has been put forth in the thread, so for that I thank you all for answering my question and exceeding my wildest expectations. Looking forward to seeing us innovate with both timber and other materials as we build our homes in safer and stronger ways than ever before. 

EDIT 3: "Wood actually grows on trees" Cheers for that, folks! 




 Was on the mobile. Please find a link above, friend 




 Was on mobile. Please enjoy!
https://open.spotify.com/user/lotrguy007/playlist/25qcSWqez3Aas8D5OOl33X 









 Princess Mononoke is a masterpiece!  




