 I guess it was an unintentional pun ;-) 




 * Paring knife should def be on the essential list. 
* You don't need a million pans. I'd say one large frying pan, a smaller cast iron skillet, stock pot, medium sauce pan, and an enameled dutch oven will get you VERY FAR. 
* The one thing you're missing is a lot of small assorted containers\bowls\dishes for  mise en place 
* i'd also add a palate knife (like what painters use for spackle) for scraping things around 




 First by watching mom. Then in college I got to practice when the meal plan sucked and I just craved Turkish food! I made friends with the cafeteria workers and they would give me ingredients from the store room :-) I learned to cook non-Turkish food when I then lived in Turkey and craved thai food and more :-p 




 I agree with ostones and would add to always focus on making your left hand more stacatto for clarity. Also try playing repeated notes in the melody with different fingers on each one. It's a good habit to get into now for when you start playing super fast later. A great exercise is playing triplets on one note 321 321 321 321 or 123 451 234 512 345 




 Logic, but i've heard good things about reaper. Maybe it has the best bang for its buck? 




 sorta reminds me of a CZ1000 




 I had a friend when I was living abroad who was female and stood out (she was blond). Whenever guys would stare and drool at her on the bus she'd start picking her nose... and then slowly eat it.  




 Find a place that sells "Hot Bread Kitchen" like RUSS   DAUGHTERS 
179 E. Houston Street, DAG HAMMARSKJOLD PLAZA. It's worth it!  




 In bacon grease!  




 Can I make bon bons without molds by dipping the ganache in chocolate or dripping the chocolate over it? Can someone walk me through any  common mistakes?  




 The Smoke Joint in Ft. Greene or Hometown in Red Hook 




 Brooklyn is big and it will take a long time to get from parkslope to Williamsburg for brooklyn brewery (plus Williamsburg sucks). Instead of brewery take him to krafthaus (or maybe it's with a C) on 5th ave right near superhero. Skip wisk and just goto the Bowery when you're in the city 




 How do (or would) your team-mates  feel about you talking out to the public either in your book or something like this? I've heard that it's pretty much frowned upon in the culture. Is that true? 




 I second Damascus!
 




 I know this guy - his name is Eliano Braz https://twitter.com/Elianobraz 




 looks like someone read Ruhlman's 20 ;-) 




 But once you brown them shallots get nice and mellow! 




 That's funny. I'm actually having the issue with my own accordion now. The reedblock probably isn't properly seated is my guess. Open the bellows up to check it out if you know what you're doing 




 Kebap is the turkish spelling. You misspelled kebab in your language. . .  




 Hotsauce in a glass of dark beer. Try it! 




 Yes - Here is an eclectic concert-party in Williamsburg. Music-wise it pretty much has it all ranging from psychedelic soul to high-octane Balkan party music. 

Muchmores 9pm-1am on Friday 
https://www.facebook.com/events/402089213253765/   




 downvoted - Not in Brooklyn!! 




