 Search coordinators said the data suggested Scheib likely ascended Yerba Canyon trail and at least got close to the summit, which rises 12,115 feet above sea level, but probably encountered trouble during his descent.

good grief, i'm not sure i could hike up a 12,115 foot trail, and i'm only 36, not 61! Guy must have been a very experienced outdoorsman. 




 that....sounds really good, actually?  




 It can definitely happen. Usually hiking's pretty safe, but accidents and weather and circumstance can conspire to get the best of people.  




 Other sources are saying there was a storm the day he turned up missing, and that he was actually found in a river adjacent to the trail. He might have gotten disoriented in the storm or slipped and fell. It's apparently a challenging trail.  




 Well there's a picture the guy cooking them. 

Which, btw, who the hell thought eating lobster was a good idea? It's a giant bug. If you saw a lobster and had no clue what one was, you'd  be terrified of it! That's not for eating, that's for leaving in the ocean.  




 I hear it's murder to get the white house tiramisu recipe.  




 What, you think he was in on a conspiracy to use margarine instead of butter on the lobster? The guy was a fuckin' cook, not the CIA. 




 Could be anything, at this point, but yeah - i'd be inclined to think it's something pretty immediate like a heart attack or being jumped by someone on the trail (though that's very rare)  




 haha right?  




 Least it ain't Amigara Fault!  




 I wonder if this is a case of the american west killing someone via the environment, or if he had a medical issue, or what. 









 /r/floridaman always cries when i post fucked up news about people burning to death or whatnot in their sub :( their all "this is for silly news, not serious stuff!"  









 Shame to see such a venerable american company on the rocks like that, but they dug the hole themselves. 




 For that price, it better come with a built-in assault rifle to shoot anyone who threatens me. Good grief. 









 i should stress that i have absolutely zero faith in state legislatures to not be utterly corrupt as well as incompetent. It's just to small-potatoes for them not to be. 




 I'm shocked the percentage of not shady ones is that high, honestly. 




 If we're to have private prisons at all (and i don't think we should) we should just pay them a flat rate (to keep the facility staffed and running) + a per-prisoner rate. So if it's a 500 bed facility and has 1 prisoner in it, that's fine, and if it's a 500 bed facility and it has 500 prisoners in it, that's fine.

Why it would not be set up that way is baffling to me, but i suspect the general incompetence and ignorance of state legislatures is to blame. 




 Exactly how i feel about it. I don't care what someone eats, but good grief, kill it humanely.  




 I think it's the exact opposite: people want non-threatening things. Let's say someone has a crush on suzy at works, and as any good man would, beats the bishop thinking about her. That's dangerous ground: his fantasy life could intrude into his work life and make him feel bad because he can't have what he wants.

But if he wants, someone *utterly* unattainable - his mother, a MLP character, etc - then that's safe to fantasize about because he knows it'll have to stay a fantasy forever. 




 That is absolutely hideous. Also, i loathe neck knives. 









 Kind of ironic, considering how much of her work mentions her father and how much of it deals with summer time (or at least, summer activities) 




 Other driver was hurt, but not killed. Really was lucky, it would have been nothing at all for there to be way more fatalities. 




 I post news about all kinds of psychos and nutbars, pretty much without discrimination as to creed, gender, or nationality (in the past few days I've posted everything from a guy in nigeria burning an 8 year old to death to a 17 year old in america stomping a 2 year old to death to a dude what wrecked his drone on top of some chick's car in florida). 

Or, as the macro i have for the occasions someone complains about my posts says:

"It's a fucking meat grinder. People go in one end, and meat comes out the other. All we do is turn the handle. " - Judge Lex, Dredd 









 yeah it looked spendy. 
 




 FPH was a pro-ana sub, through and through. They just dressed it up enough to pass as something else. 




 No one ever tried messing with the videos to my recollection. They might return them in poor condition (chewed up by a shitty vcr or what not) but generally they did not try to swap them or anything like that.

I remember we had one on display that a guy had left on his car's dashboard in summer - it wasn't just melted, but distorted in a very unique, almost wavy sort of way.  




 that was my thought, exactly. If this guy was up for 3-strikes, then he might figure a chance of escape is better than the certainty of dying in prison.  




 I am kind of legitimately wondering if he could just drive around with the controller until he picked up a signal.  




 realistically this is not much different than the mob dropping a health item. I don't know how well it'd work out (i mean it'd be very game implementation specific) but it'd be interesting, at least. 




 if you've never seen it, look up the intro video for Total War: Napoleon. If you like napoleon, it is pretty awesome.  




 The underwire thing i've seen personally, and i have always commented that there MUST be a better way to do what the underwire does. 

The bra thing is horrifyingly nightmarish.  




 I worked in a video store, and there is a world of difference between little problems ("oh, they moved a movie off the shelf from where it belongs" or "Oh, someone forgot to flush the shitter") and callous disregard for the shop ("Oh look, some shitheaded prick dumped 20 fucking vhs cases onto the floor and just left'em" or "Great, some son of a bitch maggot-fucker took a shit in the goddamn sink.") 

This is pretty callous disregard, at least pick up the fucking drink cups!  




 To me the elephant in the room is that that this giant clusterfuck mess was probably created by children, and that the real problem is that we allow children into theaters not specially designed or designated for them.  




 I dunno. If someone does something obviously stupid, either A) their really that dumb, or B) there's some information they know that we don't that makes their choice make sense.

I'm guessing B, here - the guy knew/thought once he was in custody, they'd either get him on a much more serious charge, or he knew that if found guilty he'd spend many years in prison due to priors or something.

Either way - i don't think he'll be free for much longer. They tend to round up cop killers pretty fast. 




 I mean figure you're just driving along, when suddenly some psycho just goes batshit and runs into you. Truly life is precious, for it can be gone at any moment - i'm just glad he didn't die. 




 I'm fond of saying that his movies are less independent movies, and more just really well done homages to previous horror films, with shout-outs and throwbacks throughout. 




 Friendly fire isn't friendly, as they say. Absolutely awful when these things happen. 









 It's an avoidable tragedy, for sure.  




 I gotta think you're onto something there. The foster care system isn't perfect (nothing is) but it's gotta be better than that kind of home environment. 









 If authors were paid every time someone turned a page, they'd have a good motivation to write pages people wanted to keep turning. 




 the efficiency of ants has always impressed me. They are like little robots. 




 What gets me is: who would be so stupid as to shoot a cop to escape custody like that? What the hell had the guy done that would make him consider *that* a superior option to going to jail for the charges he was up on?  









 Totally dependent on what's causing the paralysis, how severe the damage is, how fast medical attention is gotten, etc.  




 I couldn't ever skim past. These people, and what they've been through and their lives (however short) - they deserve to be remembered, and known, and thought about. It's just so awful. 









 That could work. If it didn't break the skin, it'd be alright. Probably easier to design some kind of metal cutting blade, though, mounted externally as part of the armor they would wear.  




 I would assume whatever doctor did the autopsy/post mortem exam would have written one up, so the navy? I'm actually genuinely not sure how that's handled, i would genuinely like to know. 




 Meat's meat. So long as it's humanely slaughtered, i don't think it matters much where it comes from.  




 That's not true - they'd write a sternly worded letter! And if that didn't work, a second, even more sternly worded letter, before giving up. 









 it won't undo what was done, but it'd be *something*.  




 Would not at all surprise me if that were the case. people are always looking for an edge. 









 I'm always seeing itch.io on /r/gamedeals - good to see some of the math behind it! keep up the great work. 




 That kid's face is the look of fear and regret, right there. I would feel bad for him, but considering his crime, not so much. He made his own bed. 




 it's pretty disgusting/mind boggling that no one showed up for this kid, considering the circumstances. What a nightmare he must be going through. 




 You can't even win Cataclysm - you can just survive until you don't. 




 There's so much i don't understand about this situation. I have to assume he just got frustrated, lost control, and attacked the kid - but that seems like such a pale explanation for something so awful.  




 And nothing of value was lost.  









 Firstly, he has not even the slightest most remote hope of an insanity defense. Hell, he does not seem very concerned with even mounting a defense, honestly.

Secondly, considering he's already said he was trying to start a race war, if the media hasn't caught on by now it's intentionally not catching on. Hoping that throwing another log onto the pile will change their minds is a lost hope. 

Thirdly, i really could give a fuck less what this asshole's motives and inspirations supposedly are. He's just another inbred hick with a gun that figured his only chance at getting anyone to pay attention to him was to go kill some innocent people. Just like those assholes Klebold and Harris, just like that prick tim McVey, just like all the rest of them. 

Give him the death penalty and then lock'em away until it's time to give him the shot. He has nothing worthwhile to tell us. 




 That's probably exactly what happened: without official proof of death, there was some paperwork holdup on his end. Plus, of course, its' good to have for official reasons. 




 I'd rather drink a cup of my own piss than read whatever this traitorous little shithead word-vomited into a text file, thanks. Whole thing should be deleted unread and unseen. 




 In an interview with police, (the suspect) admitted that when she wouldnt stop crying, he kicked the child twice in the back and then laid her on the floor and stomped on her back, the statement added, citing the petition.

I actually am having a difficult time forming the words for how fucked up this situation is.  









 damn, at least i was spot-on to be suspicious. good deal. 




 Good old Rob Dyke.  




 I wonder how effective you could make something like this and still plausibly claim it's not a weapon but a fashion accessory?  




 Strange situation. Wouldn't rule out mental illness on the girl's part - delusions of persecution are reasonably common, and 17 is about the age some people start to develop some types of mental illness.

that said i hope she's found, and quickly - this doesn't seem like a benign disappearance. 




 yeah i don't believe that for a second. I think they would hit you with whatever they could because - and i know this is shocking - society frowns on opening fire near small children because you feel mildly threatened.  




 I wouldn't necessarily want to see "skills" per se, but perks like being able to do special attacks or have special benefits in combat or survival. 




 that's all fine and well, except: 

The officer fires one shot at the dog, misses the dog and accidentally shoots a four-year-old in the leg, CPD spokeswoman, Denise Alex-Bouzounis, said.

There was no person attacking him. he claimed the dog charged him and he drew and fired his weapon, hitting a 4 year old. 

If some concealed carry permit holder's in someone's house and their dog (reportedly) charges him and he fires at it and accidentally hits a 4 year old, what would happen to that person? 




 To me, the question is simple: if this same situation happened with a private individual rather than a police officer, what would the response be? 









 Good on hawaii. Anything that inconveniences, harasses, and annoys smokers and the businesses they shore up is inherently to the good.  




 I don't think this is enforceable almost anywhere - how would you ever prove someone had a gun or did not have a gun, unless it was used (in which case you have bigger issues than if you can still drive for uber) 




 Some people are decent people, others are just pretending to be decent people. If someone's an asshole when there's no consequences, then they were *always* an asshole, just smart enough to hide it in polite company. 

 




 I dunno what you'd call someone who feigns a normal life while having a second life where they torment and harass people, other than some kind of psychopath. 




 You're cynical, i like that.

Also it did occur to me asking for donations was a little iffy in a situation like this. 




 Sounds like something Edward Lee would write.  




 Probably whoever did this knew the victim; of course, by now their long dead. ID is probably impossible unless there's a lucky DNA hit, if there's any DNA evidence. 




 People loved [John Wayne Gacy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Wayne_Gacy#Businessman_and_community_volunteer). Thought he was a great guy. Everyone got along with [Dean Corrl](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dean_Corll#Corll_Candy_Company) - he was so generous to the local kids. [Ted Bundy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ted_Bundy#University_years) was viewed as a young man with a promising future. [Dennis Rader](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dennis_Rader#Personal_life) was a real asshole, though. 

My point is: just because someone's got a "normal" life doesn't mean their not hiding something dark and awful inside them. Maybe they ain't serial killers, but never ever mistake "seems normal" for "safe".  




 I would argue that's more just a difference of extent and opportunity. 

I think it's pretty telling that the klan wore masks. They knew what they were doing was wrong, but they also knew that if they took some precautions they were unlikely to be punished. That enabled the violence and the intimidation. 

The only difference with internet groups is that they have less opportunity to do wrong and it's easier to figure when they have done wrong (see: reddit + the boston bomber fiasco). it makes them seem less prone to extremism and violence, but really it's just muted because of the fear of consequences and the lack of opportunity.  




 It is an odd choice of headline, but i figured i'd leave it as is more or less. 




 can confirm, have fried computers with screw driver, am software engineer :(  




 i WISH i had a transparency projector, those things are fucking boss. 




 I would say that all societies or groups - even ephemeral ones like SRD - have enemies and allies, even if only in their own perception. The rhetoric of "why" and "how" may vary, but the basic tenet of "us" and "them" never changes. 




 There is no opportunity for discourse. Anything reddit's admins say they'll either disregard as FUD or treat as an attack on them; by no means will they ever seriously consider anything they say.

Not to mention, i'm not convinced of the value of even trying to talk to people with delusions about their delusions. I've never seen it work out any better than them disengaging from the conversation. 




 I've known a few people who were competent at their jobs, who became *incompetent* the minute they left their job, at their own field. 

I know an engineer who's perfectly able at his job, gets promotions, does great work, etc. In his off time, he told me once that he doesn't understand why computer chips don't run in 16-bit instead of binary, and refused to hear any logic as to why not. I imagine there are lawyers the same way: good at the job, crazy off the job. 




 it's really a case of a few loud assholes covering up all the great stuff on reddit. For every /r/fatpeoplehate there's at least 20 good small subs with great content. But that gets washed out in the constant white noise from the assholes. 




 That plan has a few (reasonably minor) flaws:

1. It'd scatter infectious material everywhere. If anyone has any open wounds or if there's bone shards, it could infect them with the zombie-agent.

2. It'd be noisy, which could draw unwanted attention/deafen people nearby who need their ears to hear shuffling undead approach

3. Someone could be close to the victim (rendering aid, checking to see if their just unconscious or what) when the charge goes off, injuring them quite severely

4. No system is 100% fail-safe, and an accidental detonation could be absolutely catastrophic - imagine if they were flying a helicopter or driving at speed. 

No; implanting explosives inside people is only rarely the correct answer, and it's not in this case. 









 Probably to situational to make any sort of judgement without knowing the specifics of the situation and location. For example - illegally immigrating from the US to Canada is very different from illegally immigrating from Taiwan to Japan. 




 How delightfully alien and strange looking; an amazing depiction of a picture being worth a thousand words. 




 Got it in one. I don't think anyone seriously expects an attack against the east coast, but they probably figure it's only a matter of time until someone pops a cruise missile at one of our bases overseas or in a combat zone. 




 An armed society is only polite if everyone is armed; if only some people are armed, it's pretty damn belligerent.  




 yep and yep.

Even better, every time i've had to take someone to the ER for a psych problem, they've acted like it was a big fucking burden and a serious annoyance. The one nurse even said "well, i know your doctor said to come here, but could you hold out the 2 weeks to see your regular psychiatrist?" like it was no big deal that they were talking about cutting their arm open to see the veins.

medical community in america's fucked. It's a total crap-shoot if you get someone who gives a shit or if you get someone who just wants to get back to the break room to watch another episode of Family Guy. And that's without looking at the money aspect of it, which makes everything a thousand times worse. 









 What a rolling shit-show this case is. If there was a god, this would be solid proof he ain't benevolent. 









 Luckily i'm sure the jail cafeteria will have all the potato-based foods he would ever want. Assuming, of course, that someone doesn't take it off him. 




 You never know what goes on behind closed doors. 









 Yep. It's pretty upsetting. 




 the vast majority of criminals aren't very bright, and i have to think any pedo stupid enough to molest a kid at his job and right around pickup time in a public place is not the sort of guy who can come up with a super-good explanation for his behavior when pressed.

It's a good thing in a sense, though - he won't get away with it. 









 I like the headline style, but the rest kind of falls flat. Also the picture  isn't as good as i would like - i expected something more criminal-like, rather than what looks like a headshot for a magazine. 




 Couldn't hurt to try if you have a good sample. At worst it's some dead ends or false leads, and most cases have plenty of those anyway. 




 I'd argue that in my setting, since nation-states can "own" entire solar systems or groups of solar systems it'd be just that - a large cluster of solar systems somewhere.

Probably for like, human scale items, large warships or very large structural installations would be the most expensive things, and would be owned by companies (maybe some individuals).  




 That's....actually pretty profound. If you were in a situation where zombism could take over quickly and without much warning, some kind of face-mask could actually be common issue for the people sent to deal with them.

*makes notes for use in future zombie worldbuilding* 




 welcome to /r/worldpolitics - where you can get the very best in anti-Semitic news hidden under the thinnest veneer possible. It's a total shitshow. 




 i 100% blame Geraldo Riviera for single-handedly destroying the public sanitarium system in america. His expose on Willowbrook has probably caused more suffering and misery than it prevented by an order of magnitude.

If you ever want to see true frustration, try to get someone committed for their own well-being. It's a fucking nightmare.  




 child's leg tells me it could be child abuse. Dad beats the kid a little to hard, they die, buries them under the shed. 

Alternatively, could be a random nutbar who killed animals then escalated to killing a child. 

The extreme age of the site tells me there's not apt to be much evidence left, and what evidence is left isn't likely to be conclusive.

What i want to know is: where's the rest of them.
 




 If it were, it'd well fit with the source material. 




 Just one of the many spiraling side effects of the country's attitude towards mental illness - dangerous lunatics roam the streets, and there's damn little anyone can legally do about it. 




 this is /r/worldpolitics - if it's anti-isralie, it'll stay (and get upvoted).  









 I'm kind of conflicted on what actual punishment should be given for this, but i definitely feel the gun owner is responsible. If you aren't controlling access to your weapon - then you are not controlling the weapon and are in the wrong.  




 Just look at the mike brown shooting - people were saying, literally, "if you don't want to get shot, don't steal shit!" like stealing from a convenience store is a death penalty offense, suddenly.  




 I have heard nothing but good things about Open Broadcaster Software. 




 It's just more bullshit posturing from russia to get them into the press. Luckily (for them) reporters eat their nonsense up. 




 I was never quite sure what he was doing - by the time i got to where he was (out in a custom mystcraft dimension he'd made) he had everything stripped. I assume it was configuration though, rather than the system he was using. Whatever it was, it smoothed out instantly once he removed it. 




 Even a step further: i remember people being very proud we *had* [Echelon](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ECHELON) and the NSA was considered to be the very good guys. It was common knowledge that we had really capable spy satellites, but no one worried about it. 




 of my immediate family, only one person has a degree - and it's only tangentially related to his job.  




 Let'em starve.  




 I hope whatever kills him - and oh, i hope it's soon! - it hurts like a motherfucker. This guy deserves no mercy nor respite; may his final hours be filled with fear and his final moments filled with terror and pain. 




 And nothing of value was lost 




 In a time when everyone wants a free pony, he is there offering up that free pony.  




 I miss the good old days, when news was murder-death-kill 24/7. Now it's all marketing bullshit for crap i'll never touch. 




 My theory is that what creates deranged mass shooters is actually the media itself. I think that these people feel disenfranchised, powerless, and hopeless, so they take up a gun and decide to go get famous.

Mass shooting's wont' go down until the media stops covering them so intently. 









 It sounds like he was pretty well known and well liked. Damn shame, and such an awful way to die. 














 I have no clue, but that's a very good question. I would like to think that in that circumstance, i would go all-out to save someone, but without being there we just can't be sure what happened. 




 that too. 

At one point, we had an intermittent server fault where the server would just die and then pop back. So we finally trace it down to a dude's quarry system: it was running intermittently, and when it would run, it would bring down the entire server as processed stuff.  He couldn't power it consistently (thus the bursts - he'd shut it off, let the power build up, turn it on, bring the server to it's knees, it'd run it's power dry, rinse and repeat).  




 I'm sure this kid was from the 'burbs and thought if he told the nice men they had his phone they'd just cough it over, and then when they didn't he didn't realize how dangerous the situation was.

totally an avoidable fatality. 




 Be a hell of a coincidence if so!  




 [That's exactly correct.](http://codes.ohio.gov/orc/2923.16)

The revelant portion:

(B) No person shall knowingly transport or have a loaded firearm in a motor vehicle in such a manner that the firearm is accessible to the operator or any passenger without leaving the vehicle.

(C) No person shall knowingly transport or have a firearm in a motor vehicle, unless the person may lawfully possess that firearm under applicable law of this state or the United States, the firearm is unloaded

basically, the ohio gun law is so pants-on-head retarded that it boggles the mind (it's not as bad as Ohio's knife law, however!)  




 "high cost of living" stands as one of my all-time favorite comics, ever, and is in my top 4 or 5 for best works of fiction ever. 




 Shhh, you're interrupting the "it's not a classic until 8th grade teachers force you to choke it down" circle-jerk.  




 It would have worked better if it was at least a half hour shorter, but then it wouldn't really be a full-length movie.

that said, i really enjoyed how it was unremittingly batshit crazy. A lot of movies about crazy people show them as not-really crazy; they have some kind of over-arching sense to what they do. This guy was just batshit and any ability he had to make sense was purely incidental. I liked that. 




