 haha I promise i wont :) 




 I dont. Im in the Philadelphia sector. Sorry.

The way this account works is that they are sub accounts. So you only get to see video nothing beyond that. Well maybe free internet access at a verizon hotspot. 









 Its not. Its great for people overseas or those that dont have access to these channels. 




 I know many of you have ditched cable but would love to still have access to various premium channels. Im offering all of the following plus various FIOS TV channels. All for $30/month

Comes with : 
Showtime Anytime 
HBO 
Cinemax 
Starz 
Encore 
Epix 
WatchESPN 
Fox 
Nick 
CNN 
CNN HN 
TNT 
TBS 
Tru 
Adult Swim 
Cartoon Network 
Comedy Central 
MTV 
VH1 
Spike 
BET 
Speed 2 
Fox 
Big Ten Network
BBC America
BBC World
CNBC
Bloomberg 
Cooking Channel
DIY
Epix
Food Network
HGTV
NFL Network
Travel 
TV Guide
 




 I go to one of the centers thats directly connected with David Kahn. And i can wholeheartedly tell you that the content in the books and I would imagine the videos associated with it are the same topics taught in class.
 




 Salhani Auto on Pratt St and Roosevelt Blvd. they primarily work on foreign cars. 




 The eyes and the mouth are photoshopped. Just thought id put my 2 cents in. 




 Where do u get one of these? 




 It seems it could have been a duped Article. Since the plane was below the clouds. 




 Hookah Bar on repeat! Coming back from my best friends wedding and this song is stuck in my head. 




 Get as many A's as you can in your freshman year. These will be some of your simpler and easy classes to get a's in.
That said most people do bad in these classes because they feel like they already know the material or are too busy enjoying life.  




 Lately, someone I know has assumed that girls in India get randomly raped all the time.

Thanks Media! 




 We obviously disagree on this and the general population does too as evident by the polar opposites of how they enjoyed the movie. 




 No you shouldnt. Be yoked with someone of equal. 




 My opinion and opinion of many people that have watched it has been the same.

I dont pay attention to movie critics as they are judging the movie as a work of art, whereas user reviews tend to portray if you as a normal human being going solely for the enjoyment of the movie is going to enjoy it. Based on rotten tomatoes. Critics 17%, users 82%. So take your pick. :)

 




 Chariots of Fire - Eric Liddel.

Side note. Gods not dead was an awesome movie. It was great to see someone stand up for faith when most people shy away. 




 Paradise Biryani 
 




 I would say get the a6. A4 is just too tiny.  




 A mega man movie 




 I can attest that this is true! 
But im at least thankful to have Fios 




 How do u like san diego? I was thinking about moving there but your comment makes it seem like its not a good place to move to. 




 5 guys sucks compared to In n out! Trust me. If in n out was in the east coast i'd eat that thing everyday. Lol 




 Lol i loved the screechin space-alienship noise.  




 I totally agree with him.

I was in complete denial that a Christian could have anxiety. I went to the route of allergy, gerd, etc doctors issues before realizing/being confronted with the fact that I have anxiety.

I still dont have it together but I am undergoing counseling and though its nor solving the anxiety to the T. It is helping me cope with what I have and be better aware of things.

Feel free to PM me about this if you want some guidelines etc.

As far as reducing your anxiety goes... 
Here is one tool that can help (do all of them sitting or in some comfortable position)
1) find five things to see
2) close eyes and find five audible sounds you can hear
3) touch/feel five different things. 
Repeat but step down. So go from five things to four things then three. 
If after you finish the steps you still feel anxious then start over. And keep doing them until you have a better control on your breath. 

Prayer is great but it alone cannot solve this. I wish it did but God provides people and other help to aid us in life. Thankfully for me I can go to A christian psychologist. So dont let prayer be your only aid.  




 Todays devo is great on this topic. Read it if you get a chance. 

http://rightfromtheheart.org/devotions/6685/ 




 When should one apply seeds?
Some say spring some say fall.

 




 If this truly works then you should seriousely advertise this in Bold letters. Almost all enterprise companies will jump ship to ie11 (of course after intense internal testing) 




 Thats a huge price to pay.  




 I was working in Exton in 2007. Its 2014 and they are still working on that patch of road. Its like come on just get it done with already.  




 Perfect! Thanks!! 




 I can totally agree with this. Im not saying that Christians dont curse. im saying we need to hold to a higher standard and not curse. 

and yes there are lots of topics we can discuss and say Christians shouldnt do this or that. but this is one thats very apparent and very public. and one of the things that really puts me off of this subreddit in taking this as a serious platform for believers. 




 Colossians 3:8 




 ok so let me give you another verse then
Colossians 3:8 "But now is the time to get rid of anger, rage, malicious behavior, slander, and dirty language" (NLT)

You bring up two good points. One the separation of cursing from something that brings another person down and one that is used to express an extreme emotion.

For something that brings a person down I would say well we both agree that its wrong. And i'll add that this type of cursing is a result of anger, possibly built up anger. So controlling that will help ease the possibility of cursing unnecessarily.

For using cursing as a way to express ones feelings : My encouragement in that area would be to use a better choice of words. Yes, I can completely understand that sometimes it would be great if Christians could freely curse. But lets be honest. How would you like it if your favorite pastor was cursing during his sermons? Would it be fitting? My fav pastor is Billy Graham and second to that Francis Chan. I could never see them deliver a God given sermon and make use of curse words. And lets be honest you wouldnt either.

If pastors, who are supposed to be role models of followers of Christ, cannot have that privilege then why should we? And keep in mind that the world will look at us the same way that Gandhi did when he commented that I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ. 

We can try to be more like the world or more like Christ.  




 I'd like to know what happened per century. Its been 20 centuries since Jesus and alot of those centuries are just ignored by majority of humans living in the present day and age because so much has happened in the last century alone. 

So my humble plea to those that are passionate about history! Can you please share great events per century as far as Human History is concerned. 

I tried to search for a list already but didnt see one. 




 Just because its used to relieve stress doesn't mean its the best way or ideal way for a Christian to use it as such.

People abuse drugs, alcohol, etc to relieve stress. Does that make it ok? No! 

I'm just saying we should use a better vocabulary and hold to a higher standard. 




 In this subreddit and even in general I hear Christians cursing as if its completely ok!
I know I'll get alot of downvotes in this but this kind of behavior doesn't suit us! 

James 1:26 "If anyone thinks he is religious and does not bridle his tongue but deceives his heart, this person's religion is worthless." 




 I did notice that on my recent trip there.
As a Christian I was amazed and a lil weirded out. Weirded out because why are there so many churches? 
My greatest concern would be how are the people there. Are they going to church because thats the thing to do or are people spiritual too? 




 Duh! Thats whats written 




 This actually sounds interesting and not boring. Name of movie? 









 Find someone else to like. Thats the only way. 




 Buy used, sell it used. Pay less than renting it. U wont always get the amount u paid for it but its better than nothing. 




 You need to get married!
Which is true but you really dont need to say it. 




 They have one similar to this in Boston airport 




