



















 Adversaries Together is the first book in a planned seven book series I began last November as part of National Novel Writing Month. Check it out and look for book two to appear soon!

Check it out here: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00PB4I5X4/ref=cm_sw_r_tw_awdm_EUOxub05HQ5T3

"A city that's been under siege for a thousand days. A rising empire and a power hungry religion. A resource so precious that its production controls the world. In the world of Syr Nebra, there is no such thing as magic, yet every human clings to their faith and country. Avery Roth is a wanderer scratching out a living in the hinterlands trying to avoid the religious zealots of The Cathedral and the imperial ambitions of The Seven Spires. But when a young woman and her paladin guardian literally run into him in the wild as they are fleeing bandits, he is entangled in a political web that tightens the more he struggles to free himself and others."

Check it out here: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00PB4I5X4/ref=cm_sw_r_tw_awdm_EUOxub05HQ5T3 




 Adversaries Together is the first book in a planned seven book series I began last November as part of National Novel Writing Month. Check it out and look for book two to appear soon! 

http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00PB4I5X4/ref=cm_sw_r_tw_awdm_EUOxub05HQ5T3


"A city that's been under siege for a thousand days. A rising empire and a power hungry religion. A resource so precious that its production controls the world. In the world of Syr Nebra, there is no such thing as magic, yet every human clings to their faith and country. Avery Roth is a wanderer scratching out a living in the hinterlands trying to avoid the religious zealots of The Cathedral and the imperial ambitions of The Seven Spires. But when a young woman and her paladin guardian literally run into him in the wild as they are fleeing bandits, he is entangled in a political web that tightens the more he struggles to free himself and others." 







































 have we completely ruled out the team selling the rights to the name to the MLS team that's coming in?  






























































































 Unlike being an agent, referee, or coach, there doesn't seem to be a process for becoming a proper scout. It gives the impression of being haphazard. Being a scout needs to be more than gut feeling or impression. But I don't feel that it's more than watch several players in a region, take deep notes, record video, conduct interviews, and report back...which honestly would be a job I would love to have
 





























 agreed, Palmer's quality is that of a back-up who's starting because the team has zero options 




 did you see that Wired article from a couple months ago? Always, it seems: http://www.wired.com/2014/08/wuwt-typos/ 




 went through   did some cleaning up. sorry it was rough, I just wrote it   posted 









 I like to think myself and wife are a bit responsible for Kansas going into the MNUFC column  




















































































 Keep: Shipp, Nyarko, Earnshaw, Johnson,   Segares. Get rid of the rest by any means necessary 




 that might be where I found it originally, I tend to make this with more cheese   garlic pepper than usual 




 usually I would as well, but this is among my 'what's left in my pantry' recipes 




 depends on how liberal you are with the sriracha. mine are low, just a calm warmth 









 Ingredients

1 can of black beans (16 oz.)

1 red bell pepper

A third of a cup of scallions or green onions

3 cloves of garlic

1 egg

1 tablespoon of cumin

1.5 cups of quick oats

A third of a cup of sesame seeds

A third cup of sriracha

Directions

1) Rinse and drain the black beans. If youd like, mash them up.

2) Chop up the bell pepper into manageable pieces that can be put into a food processor. Toss the pepper, onion, garlic, and beans into the food processor and chop it all up. Then add the egg, oaks, sesame seeds, cumin, and sriracha and mix it all together.

3) Dump the food processor mixture into a bowl. Add more oats if necessary to thicken up the mixture. If you want to have a firmer mixture to form into patties, put the bowl into the refrigerator for about 30 minutes. 

4) Put a piece of wax paper on a cookie sheet (aluminum foil would work as well). Dole out the mixture into dollops that form patties of about two inches wide maybe half an inch thick.

5) Bake these at 375 degrees for at least 10 minutes.

http://train_subject1405.wordpress.com/2014/09/27/foodiesphere-artichoke-chicken-sriracha-black-bean-burgers-tuna-fish-melt/ 




 Artichoke Chicken
Ingredients
1 can of artichoke hearts (15 oz.)
1 cup of shredded Parmesan cheese
1 cup of mayonnaise
1 tablespoon of garlic pepper
1 lb boneless, skinless chicken breasts (or tenders)
Directions
1) In a medium sized bowl mix all the ingredients together.
2) Once the ingredients are all mixed, set the bowl aside. Take the chicken and cut it up into strips. Lay the chicken out evenly in the dish.
3) Then spread the mixture in the bowl over the top of the chicken. Preheat oven should to 375, bake uncovered for at least 30 minutes

http://train_subject1405.wordpress.com/2014/09/27/foodiesphere-artichoke-chicken-sriracha-black-bean-burgers-tuna-fish-melt/ 














 yeah, the kid probably isn't much more than a bench option for the remainder of the season. he could bloom in the league though. Question is, just how much development time did he lose being wasted with Chicago 




 exactly, Tampa Bay has plenty of forwards. So many, in fact, that it often pushes them out of position out wide where they are ineffectual--this, of course, merely a casual opinion 


































 Did you guys know about this Minnesota United merch via the Admiral website? Just discovered it. The black polo and training tops look tough
http://admiral.axissoccer.com/admiral_en/catalog/category/view/id/121?club=4 




 a little too Silverbacks   Scorpions looking for my tastes 




 a third kit would be fun, a Kicks throwback 









 I had similar worries. After next season's expansion teams (Jax, OKC), the league is going to have to focus entirely on the Pacific timezone. I think USSF's insistence may over-saturate the West coast. But really, I have a hard time coming up with viable locations--maybe Tacoma (the Milwaukee of Washington State), Nevada feels like a black hole, San Diego could work, there have been rumors of San Francisco, Fresno would have a nice population but the city is so very poor, and the rest of southern California is a crap shoot. 

I'd rather see investment in places like Omaha, Calgary, El Paso, Albuquerque, Hamilton, and Detroit. Well, it'll be fun to see what happens 




 to the USL question: no, the standards to operate an USL club are much much lower than NASL. USL will not be D2 any time in the foreseeable future 







































 yes, the egg fluffs it up a bit 














 well, Mendes and Bracalello are more wingers. And Polak   Pridham aren't really ready for primetime. But Burgos is most certainly the real deal, so that gives us three top choices which I feel is the minimum necessary for a top team 




 but without Campos, depth at striker is rather shallow. I think it would make sense to bring him back 




 sorry about that, I just shared it from the site I saw it on. And really, watching the video is the only thing one really needs to see. but I'll try to do better next time 























































































































 yeah, sorry about that, in the course of cutting   pasting and then adding more some of my sentences got a bit convoluted. Will do better in the future, thanks for reading 














 why do you discount Colorado Springs? 


































 then I'll invite you to not cook it or eat it. thanks for your thoughts

 




 I've made it with kale (minus the chicken) and it was very good. great texture 




 yes, I typically have a few cans of chunk chicken breast (chicken of the sea, swanson, or generic)   this is what I used 
























 you surely could. I didn't because I wanted to make it faster   I detest handling raw chicken 




 right, I only cooked my broccoli and garlic for about a minute or so--just long enough for it to turn a brighter green than the drab green of raw veg 




