 love finding places with old pillars!! 




 thanks! 




 aint it tho! 




 woot! 


































 nice! 




 excellent 
























 spencer smith park 




 coburg 




 lol 




 lol then you hate me!!  this is real :) 




 Thank you~ 














 Thanks! I took this at the end of September 










































































 there you go mofo! 



























































 The Morgue! 
























 its in ontario canada 












































 toronto, not the one you may be thinking off the qew 






















































 this was pretty recent, so if you have a chance you should go for it :) 





























 thanks 




 www.facebook.com/train_subject246 there's lots more there! 




 hah why not? 

















































 you have no idea!!  lol

we literally spent an entire day! 




 noooooope 




 you just gotta do it! 




 Its a dangerous place to be alone, but I would love to do that some time.  We spent just over 7 hours inside, unfortunately no film sets though 




 you are correct 

















































 Thank You, this night the Northern Lights were supposed to be viewable in Ontario - but not in Toronto that's for sure! 




 I really don't care about the downvotes or people like "lilfunky1" and their negative comments! I'm just happy to supply new fresh content and give people something to enjoy for a second or two!

Thanks for your comment! 




 1 - Really? Is that all I post?
http://www.reddit.com/user/train_subject246/?count=25 after=t1_ceoenas

2 - Great, are you glad to have pointed that out? 




 hah thanks!  This toronto sub is a tough crowd to please! 




 I sure did! 


































 Well isn't that nice :P 


































 It's in Buffalo, not fully abandoned.  You can get a tour of the main building but you have to find your own way into the rest of the buildings 














