 How 'bout a spoiler tag there buddy? 




 It could be anything! Even a boat! 




 That's mildly interesting. 




 Trayvon R. R. Zimmerman? 




 Conspiracy Theory: a belief that some covert but influential organization is responsible for a circumstance or event.

There is absolutely no reason why conspiracy theories cannot be studied using the scientific method. 




 I have this shit.  I grew up in NJ. 




 No they don't. The address her as "Khaleesi" when they are talking to her directly, as you would  "Queen". 




 Would this be a legal play if he were QB? 




 [Khaleesi](http://awoiaf.westeros.org/index.php/Khaleesi) is a title for the female leader of a Khalasar (the wife of the Khal).  Like "Queen". So characters, particularly the Dothraki, address her as such.  But as has been said before, you wouldn't use her title without an article (a, the) to refer to such a person in the third person (i.e. "Queen looks very lovely in her elegant gown"). 




 i have no idea why you're being downdawkinsed. cooome ooon reddit.
EDIT: this. 




 Since he is bastard born, he wouldn't be a true Lannister either.  He'd probably be a "Tommen Hill" since his parents are from the Westerlands. 




 Awesome!  Please look into permaculture practices as well! 









 Here is a great article that goes in depth about how the word "organic" is being systematically rendered meaningless for the sake or protecting corporations:

[USDA Takes Over Organic](http://healthimpactnews.com/2014/usda-takes-over-organic-program-eroding-organic-standards-to-benefit-big-food/) 




 I found an [update](http://www.koat.com/news/omarees-stepfather-charged-in-childs-death/25743702) on the story.

Both his mother and step-father were charged.  One of the cops who responded to the 911 call was fired and another was suspended for 56 hours. 




 First GMO labeling and now this?!  Could it be that Vermont's government isn't completely corrupt? Should I start packing my bags for Vermont? 




 How bout that Queen of Thorns? *swoon* 




 In the call, the man mentions the kid's little brother.  Please tell me that child is now out of reach of these sick sick people! 




 Literally. 




 Upsagans for you, good sir! 




 So brave. 




 Your post is so arrogant and assumptive it's not really even worth replying to, but here goes.

But the GMO labeling initiative is not in any way meant to inform or educate consumers. It's meant to mislead and scaremonger.

This is not a fact, it's an assumption.  The people who rally and petition to get GMO labeling laws on the ballots care very much about consumer knowledge.  Calling GMOs "GMOs" is not in any way misleading.  If the industry is proud of their product why are they afraid to let people know what it is?  You would think they would wear the label with pride.

Mandatory labeling doesn't necessarily imply a "huge health risk".  It implies that people should be free to make their own decisions for a variety of different reasons.  It has nothing to do with how safe the industry-funded studies say it is.  As I said before, there are a variety of reasons someone might want to avoid GMOs.  We don't need to go point by point on those reasons.  It's about having the knowledge necessary to make personal decisions about what to put in ones own body AND what industry practices we want to encourage with our dollars.  **Saying that people shouldn't have the right to know what they are eating because they don't know what's good for themselves is EXTREMELY arrogant.**

Then you quoted some arguments for labeling in the bill, but offered no refutation of those points, just said it was "propaganda".  Ok, well that's like your opinion, man.

How is slapping a sticker on something that says "GMO" going to solve the problem of GMO ignorance?

Well, for one it's going to let people know that they are and have been eating GMO foods for years.  Make of that what you will.  Most people don't even know what GMOs are.  When they see it labeled they are going to go home and look it up, and then it will be up to them to decide if it's something they want to buy or not.  If you are a proponent of GMOs, the best thing you can do is to make your case for them honestly and out in the open.  Not just hope that people never realize what they are eating.

You obviously didn't read the article I linked to, so whatever.

Now, looking through your post history reveals that your entire account is devoted to pro GMO posting. 2,831 comments and every single one about GMOs.  Now tell us something honestly.  Are you paid to do this? 




 Do you know if VT's law will count as a state towards enacting CT's law? 




 The potential problem with labeling GMOs is that the vast majority of consumers are not educated on them.

You are contradicting yourself with this statement.  You are saying that because most people don't know about GMOs, we shouldn't notify people about GMOs.  Don't you think that if people realized that nearly everything they buy in the store contains GMOs they will be more likely to educate themselves about them?  How is not labeling going to solve the problem of GMO ignorance? It's not.

Moreover, health concerns aren't the only reason people are concerned about GMOs. What about the fact that [pesticide use is increasing due to GMOs](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/10/02/us-usa-study-pesticides-idUSBRE89100X20121002)?  What about the concerns that GMOs further encourage monoculture farming, something which many believe we need to move away from for the sake of the environment?

Those with concerns about GMOs and their impact on our planet might be more educated than you think. 




 Ser pounce loves the bitches 




 Score! 




 That is until they pass the books.  Then I imagine we will have two parallel universes that only converge on the major plot points laid out by Martin. 




 All of the kids in the books were aged by about 3 years in the show. 




 But what's strange is that that submission actually has the same URL as mine, and search still didn't find it. 




 I searched for the link. I thought that would find it.  Anyway, I'm getting karma, so who cares. EDIT: joke people, joke. 









 10 0100 0011 1110 




 "But where do these systems of obedience come from? Why do we recognize power instead of individual autonomy? These questions are fascinating to me. It's all this strange illusion, isn't it?"

Spot on. 




 This whole thread is a racist joke. 




 Plus, it was hawt. 




 Look again. There is water in the cup. 




 True.  But NotSoSlenderMan gets the joke.  It clicks in his brain, but he doesn't laugh.  Humor is a funny thing. 




 Just spent a few minutes searching for a video of Mitch telling jokes to Tupac, thinking it must have been some defining moment in his career.. then I got it. 




 Understanding why something is funny has little to do with finding it funny.  You should have said "I guess I don't find it funny." 




 And even before him.. [the man who revealed the existence of the NSA](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perry_Fellwock) 




 Before him was [William Binny](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Binney_(U.S._intelligence_official\)).

edit: hard link to format! 




 http://lmgtfy.com/?q=jidf l=1

I don't understand what you are implying. 




 You do realize that the "JIDF" picked that name for themselves, right?  It's a perfect example of what I was talking about above.  Zionists trying to speak on behalf of all Jews to legitimize their cause. 




 This is just sick! 




 SKANK SKANK SKANK SKANK SKANK SKANK SKANK!!!! 




 Guess what. There are some racist people on /r/conspiracy[1] , just as there are some racist people in every subreddit, and probably every subculture in the world. I call them out when I see them. Not everyone, or even most people, on there are racist. You can cherry pick examples of ugliness from any subreddit. What is the point of doing this? Seriously? 




 Dude said..
we want to be there to ensure that [wikipedia articles] are balanced and Zionist in nature.


Does he see the irony in that statement? 




 Ever hear of the [Streisand effect](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Streisand_effect)?
EDIT: This was supposed to be in reply to salvia_d above. 




 /r/conspiracy is really struggling to walk this fine line.  The problem arises from Zionism being so conflated with Judaism, by Zionist themselves, as well as its critics.  We all know that criticism of Israel doesn't equate to "antisemitism" (anti-Judaism).  It becomes confusing because of the Zionist's insistence that it does, which is really presumptuous on their part because there are MANY jews who either actively oppose Zionism, or just don't care that much one way or the other.  Further, many people do in fact use the "anti-Zionism does not equal antisemitism" defense to say things which actually ARE anti-jewish.  I see it on this subreddit all the time and it becomes really exhausting to call it out all the time (while usually being downvoted for doing so). 




 Because there were no wars before Israel?  I'm sorry, I'm the first to criticize the Israeli government for its policies of discrimination, aggression, etc. but this sort of hyperbole is really not helping. 




 I'll just say that in chess, if you resign your chance of winning becomes 0%.  Also the unpredictability of the future is our friend. 




 I don't buy any of this crap. 














 You correctly identified the challenges, but why ever start with the premise that a problem "won't be solved"? These certainly are big challenges and it does look like the cards are stacked against us, but we can and WILL overcome. I will never believe that humanity is doomed to slavery.  We just need to start thinking outside the box and taking bold action.

Companies are legally responsible for maximizing profit to shareholders, not sharing the profits with workers or hiring more workers

This is true of corporations, and this is why we should avoid working for corporations.  Join or start a workers coop!  I've seen some very successful ones, for instance, look at the rise of credit unions as an alternative to commercial banks.  What's to stop worker's collectives from advancing in every single industry if we have the will to do it?

Globalization has merely made all human labor cheaper as jobs now compete with slave labor (it's unbelievable wrong that slavery still exists in the year 2014... yet slaves make our clothes, our ipads, etc.)

So stop buying crap.  Commit to buying/trading/gifting locally with people you know.  You'll end up with really unique stuff that you treasure and that you know that no one suffered to make.

Technology continues to reduce the need of human labor

This is actually a really good thing!  It's only under our current system that technology (which is really just efficiency) becomes a hardship for people.  Doing things with less effort is a good thing.  I can image a world where machine produce our food and other goods in sustainable ways and leaves humans to innovate and relax.  Learn DIY technology and you'll be taking the power back.

The rise of the sociopath... the system of profits over social good/contribution rules the day now.

It starts with you.  Change your own life and you begin transforming society.  Transform society and you begin to change people's psychology.

Debt ... finally the big one. When you spend more than you have for a long time, you eventually destroy growth. A person would have declared bankruptcy and started fresh, but a gov with $17T of debt can't declare bankruptcy. With no room for more debt (beyond the rate at which it will rise already) there's basically no money to drive any kind of growth initiatives or more importantly create confidence that things are going to be 'ok' for the next 30 years (which spurs investment).

When people rely less on the pervasive system to meet their everyday needs, money will slowly lose its importance.  This may take a really long time or it may happen very quickly.  In the meantime a political movement to alleviate people from debt would be a big help.

**TL;DR: There is hope.  Think creatively!** 




 Yes it is. 




 Dude... don't tell me how "Jews" operate.  Say all you want about Zionists, people with a political agenda, but when you go throwing the word "Jew" around you come off sounding like a bigoted prick.  Not all jews are Zionists and many are adamantly anti-Zionist.  If you read the article posted you would understand that. 




 Shrooms are still legal in Holland? I thought they were banned after a drunk/tripping French girl threw herself off a bridge in '07. 




 This news of Israel dropping fluoride is undoubtedly a good thing.  Most of the Israeli population is manipulated by their government just like any other nation.  An awakening of Israeli consciousness will help them to understand and challenge the atrocities going on in their name.  I don't think removing fluoride means they are gearing up for more war.  The Israeli government has no problem starting wars as is. 




 I thought this was [relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ythrdCsOFJU) 




 If fluoride makes people docile and apathetic, and removing it makes them aggressive, why is the most aggressive country in the world, the USA, fluoridated? 




 Americans won't get off their asses to protest being spied on in every conceivable way, but they will to defend their right to stream movies?  Well, maybe. 




 Instructions unclear: penis stuck in Le Nice MayMay Man 




 Instructions unclear: mind stuck on this silly meme 




 Fair enough.  See my reply to /u/NegativeGhostwriter below.  Thanks for replying with actual evidence instead of just ignoring/downvoting me.  I would really like to continue to investigate things with a skeptic such as yourself, and perhaps we can take a look at some other claims.  In the future I'll do my own debunking before submitting bodies of evidence to others (especially skeptics).

Everybody has confirmation bias.  The only way to approach truth is through a constant challenging of beliefs by others who with different world views.  I think a subreddit devoted to theorists and skeptics doing just this in a friendly matter would be awesome.  I (and many other people who challenge widely-accepted assumptions) really am committed to finding the truth, wherever that may lead.  Let's work together on that. 




 When I first posted my link I was downvoted immediately without anyone posting any sort of rebuttal.  That's why I wrote my edit.  I'm happy /u/Tony_AbbottPBUH actually replied with some real information and I spend a lot of time looking through the NIST documents.  He seems to be right that some of the information in the link I posted seems to have no valid source.  I am perfectly capable of seeing this and admitting when I am wrong.  I am not an expert on everything 9/11, and in fact, I haven't been 100% convinced with any version of the events.  I am committed to truth and I challenge myself and others.  Do not make assumptions about me (or anyone) please. 




 Uptoked. 









 Discredited by whom?  Why don't you try addressing the content of the article instead of using ad hominems? 




 [Here is a link to the Snowden interview](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UIhS9aB-qgU). I'm watching it now before I form an opinion. 




 [Debunking the debunking](http://www.ae911truth.org/en/news-section/41-articles/676-debunking-popular-mechanics.html)

EDIT: It's actually kind of sad how you guys are more interested in jerking each other off while confirming your own preconceived notions than having anything close to resembling an actual discussion, debate, or exchange of information and ideas. 




 I just made an account to say this, and I'm hijacking the top comment to say this, and I'm probably going to be downvoted for this but...

Upvote me. 




 Can't we just have something genuinely uplifting around here for a change? 




 He's also started extending the range of the light spectrum that he can hear.  He can now perceive UV and IR light.  Pretty darn cool (and useful?). 




 He talks about it in the video linked to in the article.  I was really hoping you'd be able to train yourself to have that sense even after you remove the sensor. 




 You're saying that one can't criticize or advocate independence from corporations if they've ever once used a service or purchased a product from one?  That's pretty a pretty absurd sentiment.  Following that logic it would be "hypocritical" to petition for any sort of governmental change if you've ever walked down a road paved by tax money. 




 So? 




 Take your life into your own hands.  Yes, the system is completely corrupt. You can not rely on your politicians, your "leaders", your government, or your corporations.  You can only rely on yourself and your community.  (Choose your community wisely.)

The way to freedom is through self-sufficiency.  Learn to grow your own food.  If you can produce your own power, even better.  Find the right people to band together with and build a life that depends less and less on the existing power structure.

When people do this in mass, and the state is fading to irrelevancy, it will have one last death throe where it tries with all it's might to cling to power.  But once the illusion of power is broken, there will really be nothing for them to do but die.  Then we will be free.  It all starts with taking matters into our own hands.  It starts with you! 









 Sometimes they are brown. 




 Quick point: not all apples are red. 




 You said it yourself. They don't share information.  Next question: what is the FBI looking for? 




 I'm trying to find the source for the super high resolution capabilities of spy satellites.  That they exist at all is [very well documented](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reconnaissance_satellite) and is [confirmed by former DIA-aget Russel Tice](https://www.boilingfrogspost.com/2013/06/19/podcast-show-112-nsa-whistleblower-goes-on-record-reveals-new-information-names-culprits/).  Now think about how clearly you can make out a car in Google Earth, and this is just what is publicly available.  They've spent billions of dollars on this technology.  I'll keep looking for a source for the candy bar wrapper claim. 




 There are [17 different spy agencies in the Unites States](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Intelligence_Community)!  If they were all sharing data there would be absolutely no need to do a low level flyover like this.  At least one agency has satellites capable of reading the label off of a candy bar from space. 




 What I don't understand is, why do they have to do this when they have the capability to monitor us from space with spy satellites?  According to Russel Tice, a whistle blower, former DIA analyst, and satellite systems specialist they have the capability to read the label off a candy bar on the ground from space.  The only explanation I can think of is that the FBI doesn't have this capability itself.  In fact, we have 17 different "intelligence" agencies in the United States and there  must be a lot of redundancy. 




 It's even tougher than just fighting special interests groups.  Take a look at [this graph](http://occupy-monsanto.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/individual_monsanto_federal_position-large.jpg) showing the overlap of Monsanto employees and government officials.  The government literally IS the special interest group! 




 Very interesting part is at the end of the article:

Nassim Taleb, professor of risk engineering at New York University and author of best-sellers 'The Black Swan' and 'Fooled by Randomness,' recently said that GMOs have a very real ability to cause "an irreversible termination of life at some scale, which could be the planet." Talebs thesis basically stems from the fact that GMOs come from laboratory alterations rather than natural processes, and that humans cannot understand that with each modified seed, the potential for total ecocide increases.

"There is no comparison between the [bottom-up] tinkering of selective breeding and the top-down engineering of taking a gene from an organism and putting it into another, Taleb and colleagues say in a draft of their research.

"The planet took about close to zero risks of ecocide in trillions of variations over 3 billion years, otherwise we would not have been here." 









 Source for this quote please. 




 Oh.  Who thinks that? 




 Just because you're trying to separate truth from lies about a disagreeable topic doesn't mean you are a "fan" of that topic.  For instance, I don't like soft drinks, but if someone said that Coca Cola contains donkey piss, I would call them out on that.  I'm not defending coke, but defending truth.  There are plenty of valid reasons to criticize the soft drink industry without inventing any.  Please try to move beyond black and white thinking and you'll be helping our cause. 




 I know that.. but why would he say "Obama will be watching us", other than it being an ironic thing to say? 




 http://www.worthytoshare.net/six-important-facts-youre-told-lost-malaysia-airlines-flight-370 




 You did fine. I should have replied to OP and not you. 




 I think this is more of a symptom of a world in crisis than the cause. 




 We NEED primary sources. 




 Wouldn't it suck if your last name was Rothschild and you had nothing to do with any of this? 




 Don't get it. 




 Please watch [This interview with Russel Tice](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUkj3cUwVC4) for some insight on   this.  Here is [another interview with him] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6m1XbWOfVk). 




 Is another old, white politician really the solution? 




