 Throw a House Party.  














 Hey Arnold The Movie 




 Blueit 




 I tried it in high school but didn't start drinking until I was almost 20.  



















 She can now relate to any male voter who's wife asks to see his internet history.  









 Communism always setting the bar too high.  




 I didn't even know who Zayn was until two days ago.  




 Damn it military we're not giving you over half the budget to lose it on eBay.  














 Hopefully the law enforcement will play along and they won't have another robin stage incident. http://www.socnet.com/archive/index.php/t-13539.html 









 Nobody was helping Syria, now everyone is ganging up on Yemen.  




 I guess all those "mouse in a maze" research papers will be thrown away.  









 Politician.  



















 Shoot spitballs around the class 
























 Because Russia is a successful country and Ukraine just got out of a revolution. People just can't wrap their head around another country besides the U.S. policing the world.  









 It'd suck to be the guy with white underwear with red stains.  




 North Korea's new war plan. Start a fire on our side burn down the south with said fire.  
























 OP is actually Calvin Candie 




 My high school film teacher would always talk about this movie. I finally had a chance to watch it and don't regret it. A great cult classic. Here's the full movie on YouTube http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=l5DZhDH8eew 









 Very true, noth parties have been giving up some garbage politicians. Also the good politicians from either side are completely overshadowed.  




 People that are too far left or right in politics. They just babble nonsense constantly.  




 Term limits for congress. Make lobbying illegal and strictly enforced.  



















 Zagina 




 Or the shuffling of papers is louder than dialogue.  That always bothered me.  




 True, they're border line failed state.  




 Maybe they borrowed it from a friend 



















 That's one way to stop a riot, just drive through is.  




 There used to be some legitimately good republican politicians, now day's they're all just psycho.  




 Bernie Sanders is one of the only politicians that's for the people. Regardless of what he runs as independent/democrat he has my vote.  














 I'll have to use this on my wife.  




 Squid jerky.  




 It's never ogre 




 Can't have a military industrial complex without it.  




 Now they know most politicians aren't actually for the voters.  









 I think that's just a woman knowing she's hot thing. Continue the criticism until people are enlightened.  




 Does it ever bother either of you knowing your SO is with someone else? 




 So Picasso's wife just walked up and said "you look pretty cool, take this box of art." Doesn't sound like the best defense strategy.  




 I could see why.  




 This doesn't seem like the right thread for this. It could be if it was talking about how this would effect the businesses economically. Still it seems like a good idea, put it on /r/worldnews 














 I guess the pharse "they can't get us all in trouble" doesn apply in India.  




 They look like twisted cartoon characters.  














 How many push ups can Chuck Norris do? All of them.  




 PM me for my kik name 



















 Any vegetables, call me a child but I still refuse to eat them.  




 Lindsay Lohan, I still look up her playboy photos once in awhile.  




 Charlie don't surf  




 Don't ever go in the Army, Tre. 
Black man ain't got no place in the Army.  




 The Pentagon wants to cut troops but doesn't want to cut things like this.  












































 Looks like someone is about to take an arrow to the knee.  




 Everyone in New York needs to change their emergency number to Uber.  




 Crab people replaced him with a look alike.  




 Screw that, if anything campaign funds should be more regulated.  




 The guy takes one vacation and the world goes nuts.  




 At least the nations health care statistics will look good on paper.  




 Looks like someone needs to bring back male heels so we know who's more powerful.  




 He ran out of lifes, send him more.  









 See those ghouls behind him, it doesn't matter for him anymore.  




 I think everyone can agree that Malaysia needs to stop flying or using any planes at all.  



















 Obviously they're there to make a fort.  









 They made us read "Star Girl" everyone loved it except me. I wouldn't burn it by popular demand but I'd burn my copy.  









 Are you going to eventually take over the family business? If so, how will you run it differently? 



















 Thanks, now I'll never leave my house.  




 I haven't seen any good candidates from the republican or democratic side. The two people I want is Bernie Sanders or Ron Paul.  There's no guarantee either of them will run however.  









 The hour long walk through http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=xyqXZDyR-RA 




 Sadness happens when there's only one house.  



















 Sounds like an average trip to Mexico 



















 I'm actually born in raised in Utah. I just have a terrible time saying those two words. I have pronounced it how the British do, I just get odd looks.  




 Cinnamon and aluminium 




 I have a bike that I'd rather not get stolen. When you get a new bike store it inside your room. I did, it took up a lot of space, but it was worth it.  




 I do the exact same thing. I'll go months with out drinking but when I do drink I drink everything.  




 Madject: the act of getting mad at a inanimate object.  




 /r/AskHistorians just living history everyday, different eras and different people all the time.  





























 Family Guy Telegraph Sex Business
http://www.adultswim.com/videos/family-guy/telegraph-sex-business/ 














 Walk it off 









 In my room http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=1fQT-GjKlLw 




 Nazi's had some strange obsession with off the wall experiments.  














 When you take off your socks you've worn all day then scratch the sock imprint on your ankle.  














 Thanksgiving dinner 




 Fuddy Duddy
noun
: a person with old-fashioned or conservative ideas and attitudes 




















































































 They're fighting an all front war, with less mem and less firepower than Germany. They'll be over soon.  









 I believe every administration does something illegal or on the boarder of legality.  




