 The NY Times recently had an interesting and positive review of this exhibit. 

http://www.nytimes.com/2014/01/03/arts/design/yoga-the-art-of-transformation-at-sackler-gallery.html?_r=0 




 That is a great site -- thanks for posting it.  




 You probably already tried this, but the Russians have been developing an offshore IT services industry in the U.S. You can find a listing of companies here: http://www.software-russia.com/ Search global. 

I'm not going to vouch for this company because I've never used it, but I know a little about it: https://www.workmarket.com/ provides contract labor. Unlike services such as oDesk (which might also be worth checking out if you haven't), Work Market is mostly an on-site provider. It skews toward technology companies, or firms with technology needs. 

Your wife sounds like she has a solid background. Best of luck.  




 St. Stephens Loaves   Fishes sometimes needs weekend help for lunch. 

http://loavesandfishesdc.org/ 




 Is the "climate coverage soars" story offering a meaningful statistic?  

Using Google Trends, I compare three search terms: "Climate Change", "Global Warming", "Lindsay Lohan".

Which do you think got the most attention in 2013? 

http://www.google.com/trends/explore?hl=en-US q=climate+change,+global+warming,+/m/01pgzn_ date=today+12-m cmpt=q content=1 









 This isn't about the models anymore. What this is about is risk. If there's even a 10% percent chance that this model is correct, is it worth ignoring and taking comfort in other models that show less of a temperature rise? 
 




 New cars will have movie-theater style seats with cup holders, and eight car trains will include a Starbucks car. Not kidding. 




 The coop fee seems high. My experience with condo fees is if it's elevator building with 24 hour front desk and any type of common amenities, swimming pool/gym, $500 plus will be the rule. At $900+, even counting for taxes, I'd be wondering whether they added in the cost of an elevator upgrade, or some other really costly repair. And, if that's the case, I'd be wondering whether the building has adequate reserve. If the common areas appear a little rundown (rugs as past their prime, painting hasn't been done, wall paper looks old) think twice about a property. There may be bigger issues lurking, such as roof replacement, HVAC upgrades, etc. 

Another issue to note: See if the unit owners are putting off repairs as well. For instance, if the windows are long past their prime, that's a building issue even if the owners are assessed the cost.  It tells you that owners aren't willing to eat the cost of the upgrade. Buildings will usually upgrade windows all at once to keep everything uniform.

After serving on a condo board for a few years, my view is any building that lets common area repair and upgrades slip may be badly run and possibly working with an under-funded reserve. An inadequate reserve can also explain the high cost.  




 End all contact. Provide no information. Move on.  




 Really good presentation! 









 Yep about the pizza. If you talk up Connecticut pies out-of-state you risk of being called a "pizza snob." But even the worse pizza in Connecticut* is better than the best pizza in most other places. (There are decent pies to be had in NYC and Mass.) 

And you're right about the beauty. It wasn't until I lived in other places that I could really appreciate the landscape of Connecticut, but New England generally. 














 I got rid of my car several years ago. Immediately saved $1,200 in car insurance. Use a bike a lot.

Offsetting cost is Amtrak, mostly. I spend about $200 a month on train travel. But the same trip by car took a tank of gas, and the tolls up up 95 to NYC are about $30? It's up there. 

Even though the car, for a NYC trip, is about half the cost of the train*, driving 95 is crazy, and have had multiple close calls. Now, I just sit back and get work done, read or watch of movie. 

I don't think I'll ever own a car again. 

*Cost of train to NYC: You can get Amtrak tickets as low as $50 to NYC if you order well in advance. I realize the bus is cheaper but can't stand it.  




 The tapes have no news value. They don't advance story. All they do is offer color. They didn't need the tapes to know this. They were well aware that the tapes would say absolutely nothing new about the events of that day. 

I can understand why AP and others went to court to seek their release. Government, especially on the federal level, is taking an anti-press turn. But Connecticut has had good FOIA protections. I've brought some cases myself when I worked as a journalist in this state.  

But in seeking release of the tapes, the news orgs weren't defending any principle. They were just pulling a lever available to them and the judge knew it. He had no way to block the release of the tapes. 

This all goes back to the original decision by AP to seek release of the tapes. Was this a mechanical reaction on its part? i.e., 911 tapes are public information as a matter course and should be released? Or were they defending a principle?

I find it hard to believe that AP was defending a principle, since it's been well established that 911 tapes are public. 

If AP had not pursued the FOIA, there would have no been harm to FOIA and its underlying principles. There was nothing to protect. Seeking the release of the tapes was a news judgment decision. The news value of the tapes was marginal, and the ill-effects of publishing them are potentially considerable. News organizations make decisions all the time to withhold certain content from their readers because it's disturbing, privacy-invading, so I don't buy the arguments that there was an absolute need to either pursue or publish these tapes. 

Without any free press issues to defend, and there clearly was not one in this case, the release of the tapes is more about how the basic decencies in our country are falling away. 

All this said, I fully understand that even if AP and mainstream news organizations decided not to seek the tapes, others would have so their release was assured. But we all have to make decisions for ourselves about what we're willing to live with.  









 $300 million divided by the city's population of 600,000 equals $500 for every man, woman and child in DC. 

No problem. I'm sure people will be happy to pay.  




 It's way, way more than a couple of examples. You need to read through the blog. You'll find hundreds. 

Check out their street harassment map. click on the icons

http://www.collectiveactiondc.org/programs/view-the-street-harassment-map/ 









 This was a serious thing created in response to a problem that's probably worse today. 

http://www.collectiveactiondc.org/

The fact is that many women in DC are routinely harassed to the point of abuse.   




 I'm not surprised by this. You ask anyone over 50, regardless of party, if things are different and they'll tell you yes. 

 









 Why the word "horrific?" and then an all-is-lost quote? 

I gather from this data that the methane emissions have increased in the last year. The colors have moved from yellow to red. That's disturbing, alarming, troubling, certainly interesting, but it is not horrific. 

Horrific is a sudden methane release that scrambles the climate and create new peril. (What will we say if there is a sudden methane release: Super-horrible-horrific?)

This must sound like nitpicking, and I'm guilty of being too focused on the language stuff, but I see this all the time in the headlines here and I think it undermines the scientific message. For anyone reading this board, the data alone is scary enough.  




 You're the winner here.  




 Great comment, OP. Truly. So, so much of the car vs. bike vs. pedestrian is pure rant, with everyone firm in their position and grievance. 

I take it from your comment, as well, that it may not have mattered that the person was on a bike. It could have been a pedestrian, such was the glare.  




 The new high-rise construction near the beach is a sign of a big disconnect. 

These high rises will be temporary housing. I wonder if the pricing will reflect it: Nice place to live for 10, 20 years and that's that.  









 I'll respectfully disagree with your premise that that china is incapable of genuine innovation. For sure, they aren't building next generation 3-D printers or some new technology, and they haven't yet shaken the IT market. But they are doing everything they need to do to learn, and are building solid foundations. An analysis that discounts their potential may be more Western bias than anything else.  




 China's innovation push is impressive. In computing alone, they have been building the world's fastest supercomputers. Those systems are using a mix of China-origin parts and U.S. tech, notably the chips. But China is making its own chips and is on path to build high performance systems that are made entirely from Chinese produced tech. This is very impressive, and China may be spending more right now to build the next generation of supercomputers than the US. 

I've been very impressed with China and the OP's story, and the comments in it, is very consistent with a policy China outlined years ago. China is going to deliver some impressive tech in due time.  









 I have so much respect for those Sisters. They are wonderful, loving people.  




 Why is this being downvoted? It's absolutely true. 

 




 We are going to get creamed this winter. 

Dodged bullet #1: In August, NOAA updated Atlantic hurricane season outlook predicted that the season "is shaping up to be above normal with the possibility that it could be very active."

Dodged bullet #2: We had a nice summer. According to Capital Weather Gang: "Weve had just five days at 95 or higher  all of those in July. Consider last summer we had a record-tying 28 95+ days. Weve had zero days at 100 or higher. Last summer we had 8."

You don't get to dodge bullet #3. 

 



















 The headline on Guardian's piece is a little weird. I mean, "found guilty?" It's officious. How about, Conservative media outlets are full of dishonest, intellectually lazy, reporting worms who will sell their souls to keep their masters happy.  




 You want scary? How about touring Congress?  




 The L-2 bus, from Adams Morgan to L Street, was light this morning @8:30 a.m. 

There were two reporters interviewing people down by the Smithsonian Metro exit. There were hardly any people around. 

The national mall is empty. 

A double decker tour bus that passed by had few people on it. 

Things seems less busy overall, except Connecticut Avenue/K/L streets. Many going to work.  

 




 Good for him. Hopefully, the folks at OMB live in DC and want their trash picked up, libraries open, and DMV running.  




 They have no choice but to defy the government. They need to make clear that DC will protect its citizens. It will collect the trash. It will open its libraries. It will run basic government services that it citizens need and pay for with their own tax dollars. Gray should be willing to go to jail to defend that.  









 I worked as a daily news reporter for nearly 20 years, and contacting families after a particular death was the worst part of the job. It feels like a horrible invasion, but Washington Post reporter was being accurate when he wrote that people "might be surprised to learn that many people caught in this mayhem actually want to talk to reporters." That's a true statement. People often want to talk about the people they lost, they want others to understand the value that this person brought into the world and the love they shared. It's a affirmation of life. It's the reporter's job to tell the story about what's going on in our shitty world. If the family doesn't want to talk, you respect it and move on. That said, these were the last stories you want to do because it affects you deeply. I've seen fellow writers break down in tears after undertaking these types of stories. It's the last damn story you want to write. When you work as a reporter covering a communnity, you care about that community, the people in it, and you want to chronicle their stories, and let others know what their neighbors are facing. In my mind, this is a noble and difficult pursuit and sometimes misunderstood, but the Post reporter here, I think, handled it well.     




