 I can't think of a single instance in my entire life where I wouldn't notice an extra 35k.  




 You think it's illegal to sell what you see as unhealthy foods? Cause I'm not seeing that anywhere in your links.  




 If I were the company I wouldn't agree to that in a million years. 




  is a single anonymous phone call grounds for a warrant in a case like this?

Probably not in most cases, no. 




 In the event that you're not trolling, which I seriously doubt, stop posting about this and listen to your attorney.  He is the only one you should be communicating with about this.  Don't update any further. 




  And the argument that nobody agrees is hardly an argument.

If you have a group of experts that think you're wrong, that's an excellent argument. 




 PMs are frowned on here. 




  He would what, take your name and what?

*Even if you are released he can ascertain your age later and cite you at that time.* 




 Pretty sure that guy was being sarcastic.  Accusations of rape where no rape occurred are exceedingly rare.  Only have sex with people you trust and you'll be fine. 




 There is no requirement that any counselor treat any particular patient.  They are free to refuse.  If you truly want counseling, you should seek an different individual. 




 If they suspect you of being underage they can also determine your age.  Additionally, your "true full name" can be checked in any one of numerous databases to confirm your age.  Even if they let you go after getting your name you can expect a citation in the mail after they confirm your name. 




 You know they're free, why not take a shot?! 




 No, it would not.  They can absolutely detain you until they confirm your identity. 




  It is impossible to act on rules that have not yet been defined.

And yet the reasonable person standard has been used in the law since the 1800's and we all manage to get by just fine. 




 I'm just curious what specific principles of family law make the ethics of divorce lawyers so questionable.

I'm unaware of any study or other evidence that shows that family law attorneys have a higher incidence of ethical complaints than attorneys that specialize in other areas. 




 I've hired lawyers to do routine things three times in my life. Every time I end up angry at cost overruns and feeling nickle-and-dimed.

Maybe it's you.

In all three cases, the final costs have exceeded the lawyers' own original estimates by a factor of 2-3, even though none of the tasks had any surprises that might explain additional costs.

In your opinion.  Evidently the work was more complicated than either side thought.

I mean, seriously? $27.55? It took you twenty seconds to compose that and your secretary could have done it.

Lawyers charge for their time in 6 minute increments.  You should not expect to get any free work from your attorney at any time.

In the end if you feel overcharged your state likely has a procedure to dispute a fee. 




 Okay, so you have car insurance.  Have you contacted them? 




 "if you give me all your weed or something I'll let you go". And if you do give it to them, are they then allowed to still arrest you if they want?(MO)

Yes, police officers are not required to tell you the truth. 




 You're required to have car insurance in Nebraska.  And if you have a mortgage you're almost certainly guaranteed to have home owners insurance. 




  I'm a musician, a playwright (if I gave you my read name, you could see), and an actor. I understand art. I live art on a day-to-day basis. I can appreciate all types of art. 

You certainly appear to appreciate yourself. 




 Not yet! Eagerly checking my inbox now! 




 I've heard that I could appear in court and try to get a plea w/ the prosecutor to negotiate it down.

A good idea.

If that does not work, then I should ask for a continuance and then lawyer up. 

Please don't say "lawyer up."  If you want the best chance for a positive outcome, you should retain an attorney. 




 You can't pay a fee to "clear off points."  If you have previous points on your record they are still there and there's no fee you can pay the prosecutor to remove old points. 

What likely happened is that you were charged with a violation that would have included points had you been found guilty. Instead the prosecutor amended the violation to unsafe driving which is a high fine but no points.  




 He may have lost the opportunity to do so by not giving the information he was ordered to.  




 The court ordered him to give evidence. 

He hasn't yet. 

She never asked for specific punishments so the court isn't ordering any yet. 

The court will decide what sanctions later, maybe but not limited to either prohibiting any evidence refuting what she says his earnings are or prohibiting him from introducing any information found on the evidence he hasn't given her yet.  




 They are not medical doctors and do not go to medical school. You want to see an actual doctor.  




 ***Public*** contracts may not last that long. 




 BUSINESS IS DAMN SURE PICKIN UP! 




 This is not nearly everyone's experience. It's not an easy job but lots of lawyers are satisfied with their career.  




  Also, the trust possess more than a stamp. It also possess a Title II firearm. 

?? 




 Any other way the neighbors can get to their house or garage? 




 Not much help you can get without at least giving your state. 




 What is your question? 




 How do you know that? 




 Obviously wave his magic lawyer wand and make everything go away.  Did you not get your wand at graduation?? 




 It's very possible that the list of email addresses is considered public information and that a campaign can obtain it pretty easily with a records request. 




 Your chances of being accused of rape are minuscule. Just live your life like a normal person, don't illegally record people having sex with you, and only have sex with those you trust. Reddit likes to build up the "epidemic" of rape accusations. It isn't real. Relax. It won't happen.  




 What do you mean by legal leads? 




 You're using big words but in the end you're both just kids. You can offer no counsel to him that would be worthwhile. He needs an attorney if he's going to have the best possible outcome.  




 Yep. Municipal prosecutor and criminal defense (in counties other than those where the towns I prosecute in are located.). 




 I'm an attorney. I do both criminal defense and prosecution, I seen that video many times. I agree with it, but my answer still stands.  




 Assuming there were any legitimate reason to prove which child was older, your take into account the differences in time zones. The child born first is still older. You asked here, so legally speaking a judge would say that a child born first is born first no matter the time zone.  




 Is it worth 1.10 to make it go away? 




 And a judge would hold you in contempt unless your concern was reasonable. Just saying well there's a lot of laws does not make it reasonable.  




  'll be totally honest that's not a helpful answer. 

Yes, it is.  The fact that it isn't what you wanted to hear does not make it any less helpful. 




 If you want it done right, you should see an attorney.  These programs are created for the widest possible audience and are unable to tailor to specific individuals.   




  16 year olds cannot vote, and also have many restrictions put on them regarding their ability to contract. Are 16 year olds currently oppressed?

No.  16 year olds eventually become 18 year olds.  There has to be a line somewhere between letting children and adults vote.  Children cannot vote because they are young.  They will eventually, by completely natural processes, be old enough.

A woman in the 19th century could not eventually become a man. 




 Yes, of course.  Attorneys have to charge for their services.  It's how they make money and stay in business.  Most people would never think of calling a plumber or an electrician and asking them to come and ply their trade free of charge.  Attorneys are no different.  In many states there may be some requirement to perform pro bono services, but you should not expect to approach a law firm and say, hey, can you do this legal work for free? and get a lot of positive responses. 




 Start with a letter, I suppose.  Just know that an attorney's time is very valuable and most people who seek a pro bono attorney won't find one. 




  I am seeking advice from anyone familiar with NJ and the municipal court system here. Is it appropriate to attempt to contact the county DA/ADA in advance of the hearing to try to plead?

No.  Wait until the court date.

If I go to court, pleading not guilty to the charges on the citation, and the municipal prosecutor refuses to offer a plea bargain, am I then able to seek a continuance from the municipal court judge to seek legal counsel? 

You will go to court and get in a line to speak with the prosecutor.  The prosecutor may or may not offer you a deal.  The deal will almost certainly still involve pleading guilty to speeding at a lower rate, perhaps 14 over.

If you are unhappy with the deal, or are not offered a deal, you can request a postponement to obtain an attorney. 




 Obviously this is a false flag filled with crisis actors funded by the Jews on behalf of their reptilian allies in order to destabilize Bitcoin so that true freedom will never occur in our time. These are known truths.  




 No. Only the assailant is liable for assault.  




 I understand that I am ultimately responsible for understanding my insurance

That should answer your questions. You got the procedure done. You owe the money.  




 This is a fairly silly hypothetical that has little basis in reality. It's difficult to answer questions like these because they almost certainly would never happen or would never be an issue.  




 You will not got any other advice here expect do not break the law.  




 I suggest you stop giving stupid advice.  




 When this happened to my mother this morning she decided to take a card that was rudely discarded on another vehicle. 

I'm having a hard time deciphering what this means.  




 She can try to fight the ticket but a retired police officer cannot represent her. Only a lawyer can. 

Keep your insuranc company notified of any developments. They will investigate the accident and injuries and will provide you with an attorney if you get sued.  




 As a NJ muni prosecutor I can tell you there's no chance I would give someone going 30 over unsafe driving. If his history is good I might drop the speed down but going that fast makes you a menace.  




 will this be acceptable to be good enough for a drop?

Not even close.  




  So even though I can prove I had at least five cars lengths between me and the car, "following too closely" still applies because I didn't see traffic stopped and hit them?

Yes.  Since you hit the car in front of you, you were clearly too close to stop in time. 




 If you defend yourself, you do not have to be a licensed attorney, but you are expected to know many of the things a licensed attorney would know. 




 I would be shocked if you had the option for a jury trial in a traffic ticket case, but I suppose it's possible.

If you go to trial and lose, you will face court costs.

The prosecutor is correct in that you will need to know all the procedural rules that an attorney would know if you seek to represent yourself. 




   showed that Target was negligent in securing their information? I don't have any proof, but that doesn't mean I can't stir some shit up.

The purpose of the law is make people whole again and right wrongs, not to "stir shit up." 




 Sounds like you're either trolling or paranoid.

If neither of those are true, barricading yourself into your apartment will not help you.  Neither will running.

If the police do enter your apartment, do not answer any questions.  If you're placed under arrest you'll need an attorney as soon as possible. 




 You don't fill out a W2.  Your work *gives* you a W2 to show you how much money you've made and what you've paid in taxes so that you can file, by April 15, your taxes with the IRS/state.

It sounds like your friends is trying to have a little fun at your expense. 




 I understand I broke the mirror and should pay for it.

So do that. 




  You will be paying a big chunk of what you get to an attorney. 

This is entirely untrue.  Attorneys are limited to what they can collect, and in most states it's 1/3.  I've had clients come in after trying to work with insurance and there's not once instance where I didn't get them more money, even after taking 1/3, than they were being offered by insurance before.  Without an attorney the insurance company has no incentive to bargain with you. 




  I was about to say, "and you're a LAWYER?", but you're not, and that makes more sense.

I am a lawyer.  You owe them for the two classes you signed up for. 




  You can do a lot better for about $10.

It honest to goodness boggles my mind that people think no one could possibly disagree with their opinion. 




  There are things on my computer that could potentially be used against me

Sounds like you've done illegal things, unless I misunderstood you.
 




 There is no course of action that will improve your situation. Listen to your attorney. Buy a new computer. Don't use the new one for illegal activities.  




 You need your own attorney.  Don't discuss this case with anyone other than your attorney.  Don't speak with the authorities again under any circumstances unless your attorney is with you. 




  She just doesn't want to pay it. 

Take a guess on how successful that's going to be. 




  the only way you could get out of it is if you proved that during the time of conception, you could not have had sex with her. For example, you were in jail, in a coma, or out of the country with lots of witnesses. 

This still would not get you out of it. 




