 I'm a guy, I've been dealing with feeling down for years. I've never been diagnosed for depression and it doesn't really affect my everyday life, but I've never been happy either and there are times that I genuinely feel depressed, and I don't tell anyone, not even my parents or closest my friends. It's a secret that I keep to myself. I have to be a great son and friend, to perform as a student and athlete, I'm also a teacher and counselor and I hear many horrible stories from people in need of psychological support everyday. I'm not the one who's expected to snap. I just can't be. There's just too much pressure. Too much pressure to perform, to excel, to constantly be the best person that I can be. But one day I think I will snap, I just don't know when or how. 




 There is a significant correlation between protein intake, low GL and high GL carbohydrate intake, and weight changes.  









 Same! 




 Thanks, will definitely watch! 




 There is no link. This comes mostly from what I learned in school and from my general knowledge. But let me try to find you a good link.  




 In layman's terms, the glycemic index indicates how quickly the nutrients are absorbed into the bloodstream and then either transformed to make energy or stored as fat tissue. The glycemic load, on the other hand, is more accurate as it takes into account how quickly it is absorbed, but also, how much sugar is actually absorbed. If you just look at the glycemic index, carrots appear to be really bad because they are digested really quickly. However, in reality carrots are still healthy, because they contain very little sugar, which the glycemic load reflects. 

What do glycemic index and glycemic load mean? Well, when you eat sugar, your pancreas secretes insulin which will help 'push the sugar' into your system so that, like I said, it can either used as energy or stored. More specifically, when insulin is secreted, glucose is stored as glycogen in your liver and muscle cells through a process known as glycogenesis, and when your blood sugar drops,  the glycogen is converted back to glucose through glycogenolysis, and then to a compound known as pyruvate through a process known as glycolysis, and from there, it will undergo many other changes in order to be used as energy. 

But the issue with the nutrients being pushed is that more of them will be wasted (as the body can only use so much nutrients at a given time) and turned into fat tissue. So insulin has its ups and downs, but definitely more downs if you're trying to cut and vice versa.  




 Well, don't take everything I said as absolute truth, as science is a complicated thing and my understanding of these phenomena is not that advanced, but a good article to read if you're interested in the subject might be [this one](http://dana.org/Cerebrum/2013/Gut_Feelings__Bacteria_and_the_Brain/) 




 There is also research which suggests that eating healthy literally gets easier over time. This is because the nutrients you eat affect your gut flora composition, and in turn the bacteria in your gut influence your brain to make you crave the nutrients that they prefer through the gut-brain pathway. As you eat healthy more consistently, the 'bad food' micro organisms will get more and more replaced by the 'good food' ones, and you will start craving unhealthy foods less and less. So don't give up! It will definitely get easier.  




 To me, there has always been a difference between spirituality and religion
. Spirituality makes sense from an evolutionary perspective, as it's the result of the interaction between our ability to think abstractly, and our ability to come up with answers to the questions that we raise, both for obvious survival purposes.

Religion, on the other hand, is the organization of sets of spiritual beliefs for social, political and economical reasons. 

I understand both spirituality and religion, and hate the latter, and also hate the fact that most people are not aware of that distinction.  









 Yeah I was just messing around. I don't know to what extent more = better when it comes to micro nutrients tbh. I need to research on that, actually. It's an interesting subject. The answer is probably very complex, as it depends on each micro nutrient I would guess.  




 Funny fact: studies conducted on the effects of Trenbolone on livestock concluded that it drastically increases the degree of absorption of micro nutrients. I'm not saying this outweighs the other effects, but if you're injecting that compound, you might as well make the most of it by eating metric shit tons of vegetables, low GL fruits, sweet potatoes and other foods that are rich in micro nutrients.  




 MGF is an isoform of Insulin-like growth factor 1. It is modified at the genetic level to produce a different mRNA sequence due to the addition of several nucleotide sequences. In rodents, it affects the post-exercise acute skeletal muscle repairing process, by activating the satellite cells in muscle tissue, which then proliferate and provide local muscle tissue with additional blast cells during myogenesis for muscle tissue repair. However, testing in humans is limited, so I would advise against taking what is said here too seriously.  














 Rush speaks fluent English and can translate the basics.  














 No. Those supplements are a fraud. No one has ever clandestinely injected a virus in their body with this purpose. This is the absolute first time this has been done.  




 This is the method they used in that clinical trial. That's why I said you would have to be vastly rich in order to do this.  




 Follistatin 344 does not work, because the compound has to be injected using an adeno-associated virus.  




 Lol sorry I meant that the original question didn't have the 'when' in it. I made a fool of myself here. I edited. 




 Pretty sure he edited, the original question was 'can we use this to get huge?', unless I misread.  




 Full article can be viewed [here](http://www.nature.com/mt/journal/v23/n1/full/mt2014200a.html).

Also, to answer your question, it could be used in the near future (a couple years from now). However, here's the trick: the TGF- superfamily affects all tissues, not just the muscular ones. So, here, they had to create an isoform, a very similar version of Follistatin (FS315 in the article) that has been modified at the genetic level so as to produce a different mRNA sequence that specifically targets the myostatin pathway. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that inhibiting myostatin to the large extent that would most likely be required in order to produce a desired outcome in an athlete or bodybuilder would work or be side effect-free, as this is the first time this has been done in humans.

So the answer is yes, it could potentially be used already, but only if you are vastly rich, can find the qualified researchers to carry out such a costly and advanced procedure, and wish to turn yourself into a human guinea pig. But the potential of abuse by athletes in the near future is in fact so real that the WADA has already added 'gene doping' to its list of banned substances and processes.  




 The first time this has been done in humans as far as I know. Myostatin production was previously successfully inhibited in non-human animals only. 

Also, typo: trial, not trinial 









 As far as I know, this is the first time scientists have managed to successfully inhibit myostatin production in humans. It had previously been done in non-human animals.  









 I hope you're joking. If yes, sorry, it went right over my head.  




 He is also on steroids, he doesn't make it a secret. Maybe I should have mentioned that in the OP.  














 Also, if you think 17k is a lot, [this woman ate 30,000 calories in a single one hour sitting](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2080369/Donna-Simpson-Worlds-heaviest-mother-reveals-long-journey-fat-fetish-videos-healthy-life.html) 









 I feel sorry for your toilet seat.  




 ...in a Mexican jail cell.  




 This is evil lol.  




 Chicken, rice, and veggies mate.  














 Basically, I work as an English teacher at the Elementary level, but I also have a major in Biochemistry and a minor in Human Nutrition, and I try to do activities that will also indirectly teach my students the basics of nutrition, that is, the main food groups, the macro and micro nutrients, and healthy eating patterns in general. For me, it makes sense, as developing healthy life habits must start at a young age, and the kids also seem to enjoy learning about these things, which is a big plus.  But now I'm getting angry email and phone calls from some parents... According to them, I'm 'brainwashing their kids about food', which is causing them to complain that what their parents are putting on their plate is not healthy. These parents are obviously very ignorant about nutrition themselves, and live a sedentary lifestyle and look unhealthy/overweight, but I can't exactly tell them that without getting in trouble with my boss. I'm not sure what to do or how to respond to the angry complaints. Any ideas/advice?  














 Thanks! 




 I realized that I made a few mistakes. There should be an arrow linking amino acids to glutamate, and another arrow linking Ketosis (and not lipogenesis) to Oxaoloacetate.  









 If you know, you can do whatever you want. But knowledge is power. A lot of people ingest these substances regularly even though they're mostly ignorant about what it does to their body, which is disturbing to say the least.  




 Thank you.  




 No, but alcohol is harmful for a handful for a reasons, both for general health and bodybuilding. 

Firstly, alcohol cannot be processed directly by the body, it has to be broken down into a compound called acetaldehyde, which is classified as a carcinogen, meaning that it can damage DNA sequences and cause cancer. And a few people actually get cancer from alcohol consumption every year, mostly middle aged women.

Secondly, it disrupts the tricarboxylid acid cycle, because alcohol dehydrogenase, one of the dehydrogenase enzymes that break down nutrients in said cycle, are also involved in breaking down alcohol into acetaldehyde. Because of this, less nutrients can be turned into energy while your body is breaking down alcohol. And what happens  to nutrients that can't be turned into energy? They get sent back into the bloodstream as lipoproteins, and then stored as fat cells in your tissue. And on top of that, it also lowers blood sugar level significantly, making you hungry even though you don't actually need nutrients, since alcohol isn't broken down into anything remotely useful for your body; this is why nights of binge drinking are usually concluded at Mcdonalds or Burger King. 

Thirdly, it depletes the reserves of micro nutrients (minerals   vitamins) in your body at much faster rate than normally, for various reasons. Many of these micro nutrients are involved in various processes that relate to maintaining tissue maintenance and growth. 

And fourthly - and in my opinion this is the main reason why it's horrible for bodybuilders or athletes it general - it disrupts the synthesis of both testosterone and growth hormone, two hormones that are, needless to say, crucial for maintaining a lean, muscular and strong body.

And the list is actually bigger and more complex than that. This is just a few of the main reasons that I recall being mentioned in my Pharmacology and Metabolic Biochemistry classes. 



 




 Thanks for the schooling.  




 There is a difference between being 5 pounds lighter and having actually lost 5 pounds of subcutaneous fat. The former option is much more likely in your case, unless you somehow lost 5 pounds of fat in a single week while being at a self-reported caloric surplus.  




 Supplements: most of them have never been shown to work by any research and/or are based on a few controversial studies. Legal.

Steroids: benefits have been shown by serious research from various reputed scientific journals over multiple decades. Illegal.

The irony is strong with this one.  




 Wow, very original! I would have never come up with this myself! 




 Whoa! Amazing! Can't imagine all the work that went into this.  




 Useful to know, thanks! 




 Yeah, I was answering to the guy who asked if Clen was a steroid, don't worry.  




 You asked for an alternative. Well, here's multiple ones. :P 




 Come on bro. I'm all for the chicken   veggies diet, but there aren't that few healthy products, especially when your goal is to be at a caloric surplus.

Veggies: Avocados, beans (green, red, black, white, Lima, winged), lentils, sun-dried tomatoes, succotash (Lima   shell beans), soybean sprouts, spinach. 

Seeds: pumpkin seeds, quinoa seeds, hemp seeds

Sources of meat: salmon (high in good fats, including omega-3), tuna, tilapia, scallops, shrimps, lean ground beef, lean ground chicken

Others: natural peanut butter, cottage cheese, Greek yogurt, tofu. 

This is just a few examples that I can think of off the top of my head. There are a few others.  




 I can't remember where I saw that, it might have been in Pumping Iron. At some point Arnold said that when he would go out with the bodybuilders that were competing against him, he would always try and get them to drink more than him so as to gain an edge over them.  




 As long as that single drink doesn't turn into multiple ones, sure.

Serious bodybuilding

Heavy alcohol drinking

Pick one of the two. 

Why do you think Arnold used to make his opponents drink? 

 




 Actually, Clenbuterol is used primarily as a medication for people who have severe asthma in Asian and Eastern European countries. The research on its weight loss properties is controversial at best. It certainly won't work without on point dieting, and I wouldn't use if you are sensitive to stimulants (like caffeine) and/or have a history of heart issues in your family. Sympathomimetic drugs can be dangerous if you don't know what you're doing, and the fact that you're asking if it's a steroid tells me that you indeed don't, so I would say don't use it. :/ 




 Ok, yeah, I was talking out of my ass here, sorry. Neither unit of measure take into accounts nutrients like I was referring to here. But it's still true that kJs are the official measure of unit now.  




 Well, first of all, the term 'calorie' itself is outdated and irrelevant. Nowadays, in nutritional context, the international unit used to refer to the potential energy that humans derive from food through metabolic processes is the joule, which is more accurate. The term 'calorie' is flawed because it implies that all nutrients have the same impact on our metabolism, which is false.  




 It has nothing to do with use of performance enhancing drugs. It has to do with understanding how the various nutrients contained in food products are processed by your body, as well as how these processes are influenced by other factors. 




 You call it 'overcomplicating', I call it not having proper understanding of the biochemical and biomechanical principles behind nutrition and resistance training. You probably think it's overly complicated because you're used to relying on anecdotal evidence, also known as bro science, rather than serious research from reputed scientific journals.   














 No it doesn't. 




 Yeah. After doing a little bit more research and reading, I realize that now. Thanks for the fair warning though! 




 A lot of people seem to say the opposite of what I've heard, that is, that it's actually more addictive than the alternatives, that you get an 'urge' to use more. I think I'll stay away lol.  




 Thanks, I will do my reading! 




 It doesn't have to have fat-burning properties to be a viable cutting drug. For example, Ephedrine doesn't have significant fat burning properties, but it helps you reach your desired caloric intake indirectly by suppressing appetite and giving you more intensity in the gym.  




 I have a few biochem classmates who are big into using this. They say this: 

-It's an amphetamine-like stimulant, similar in structure to MDMA, norephedrine, ephedrine, etc (basically a phenetylamine with a Me group, for the chem folks)

-No fat burning properties

-Less addictive than well known related psychoactive compounds (such as MDMA)

-Very powerful stimulant 

-Some side effects that are dose dependent and vary from one person to another, such as loss of appetite, dilated pupils, increased sweating, increased heart rate

Obviously this is only anecdotal evidence, but I can't find any serious research from a reputable scientific journal either. Nothing on examine.com either. Does anyone have some info/insight into this stimulant drug?  




 Thanks! 




 I do! 




 No one knows for sure what he looked like. No one from our time was around to tell. Just like we can't tell what Jesus of Nazareth was really like. We can only rely on the writings that were left to us.  









 Would love to see what this looks like with the vanilla resource pack.  




 As a CLG fan, I wasn't disappointed because I wasn't expecting them to do anything in the first place. Historically, CLG has always done poorly when it matters most.  









 'Protein' on the label usually refers to the proteinogenic (protein-building) amino-acids, of which the building process is encoded in the body's DNA and mRNA sequences, and which are condensed into peptide chains during protein biosynthesis. 

BCAAs are in fact proteinogenic amino acids, so when it says 24g of proteins, it means 24g of proteins.  














 Wow, really interesting, thank you for sharing this! This is perspective-changing to say the least.  




 Oh sorry, I thought this was about hGH. Forget everything I just said.  




 Research wise, hGH is quite a novel hormone, it seems. There is still much research to be done. I actually asked one of my professors about this, and he said that the synthesis process of hGH during deep sleep is not fully understood yet.  




 A lot of people believe that the 'safe' age to start using steroids is 25, because many endocrinologists believe that the brain does not fully mature until that age.

A lot of people also say that there are two ways of using steroids: you can either use them to reach your limit genetic potential more quickly, in which case you can maintain your physique without sustained use afterwards, assuming that you keep training and eating properly, OR you can use them to go beyond your genetic limit in terms of muscular tissue, in which case you have to pretty much sustain use in order to stay there.

Now I don't know to what extent this is true or whether it's that arbitrary, because my understanding of the relationship between muscle mass, genes and hormones is fairly limited. However, it makes me worry because right now, I'm 21 and by the time I am 25, I will have been training for literally a decade (I have been lifting since I was 15 and dieting seriously since I was 17). I am pretty confident that if I continue to train and diet properly and keep improving my training and dieting method and knowledge, I will be at least pretty close to my genetic limit (if there's even such a thing) by the time I'm 25. My question is basically: assuming that I do reach my genetic potential in 5 years, if I wanna start using steroids by then, will I have to pretty much use them in a sustained manner in order to keep my gains? 

I'm sorry if this post is confusing, I'm hoping that it makes sense.  




 I don't know about me at all, but I think you're acting like an ignorant fool right now.  




 As far as I know, everything except insulin and growth hormone, the latter being very difficult (and costly) to detect on an anti doping test.  




 Yes. It is banned by the World Anti Doping Agency.  




 Clearly you don't really know what you're saying. True enough, there's some degree of variability when it comes to what a substance does to the body from one person to another, but you can still make a reasonable assumption about what it would do to you using scientific knowledge. I can tell that I would lose body fat for sure if I used this compound, because I understand the very basic related biochemical principles. If you have read what I wrote and understand it and still don't believe me, I'm not sure what to say. You could also look it up on the internet, the information is out there and it's well known that DNP is an extremely potent as a weight loss aid. It's simply not used because the mechanism involved can also cause a bunch of potentially dangerous side effects.  




 Here's some great info for you if you're going to use DNP:

[DNP in Bloodstream for 30 days using 36 hour half life](http://i.imgur.com/ReGBdSv.jpg)

[General guide on 2,4-Dinitrophenol 'Hungry on 2,4 Dinitrophenol'](http://pastebin.com/1G2k4Njs)

I can tell you for a fact that DNP works, not because I've tried it myself (in fact, I haven't), but because I've studied the biochemical principles that make it work. Strictly speaking, 2,4-Dinitrophenol is  a proton ionophore, meaning it basically moves freely across the cell membrane, and causes the proton gradient to be released as heat rather than being used in the ATP-making process of the mitochondrion. Normally, ADP is converted into ATP and then back into ADP, but DNP inhibits this process, meaning your body has to use all the stored nutrients just to keep you alive. It has an incredibly significant impact on weight even by research standards. In fact, its mechanism is being actively studied at the moment.  




 Only steroid related, but does anyone have any serious research on Myostatin, Fillostatin, RNAi and muscular tissue in humans? I know it's a fairly new research subject and I haven't been able to find any on various websites, but who knows.  




 No, but conditioning is attainable for all. It's mainly size that separates gifted from average genetically speaking, IMHO.  




 Not hating. Just concerned about what him making it big would mean for bodybuilding as a whole. Even by bodybuilding standards, he is freaking huge. It's scary to think that his season weight could become the bench mark for bodybuilders in the future.  




 Get out.  




 Actually, Blizzard explicitly stated that it was the other way around - that they banned Iranian people from playing their games due to the U.S.-imposed sanctions on Iran. As a non-U.S. citizen, this is bullshit. Online gaming shouldn't be affected by governmental affairs, but I can see why they did it. I just think it's unfair for Iranian players who probably don't even have a political understanding of what caused this.  









 Not sure if legit or not. In all cases, it doesn't seem to be backed up by any scientific research, but it is very detailed.  




 Some men are just crazy...  




 Yes it is, somewhat. But then again, Minecraft in general IS grindy! 














 Yes, but reiterations in science are never a bad thing! 




 Great summary. Also, interesting: the essential amino acid concerned here is leucine. Leucine seems to increase MPS due to its interaction with the enzymes that can bind Guanonine triphosphate (a substrate for RNA synthesis) during MPS. This interaction in turn leads to the translocation of the kinase enzyme mOTRC1 in the cell organelle. That's what the research found anyway.  



















 This goes to show that warfare really is the inevitable fate of humanity. It is in our nature to fight and kill each other, just like it was in our ancestors' nature as well.  









 I hope you step on a Lego block 









 I'd be interested to read your specific study on occlusion training. In some studies that I read, they found that certain ischemic conditions (such as glycolysis happening with a limited supply of oxygen)  lead to an increased production of certain monoamine neurotransmitters, particularly norepinephrine. I wonder if you drew out similar conclusions here.  




 Ok. I do realize that what I wrote might be a little reader-unfriendly, though. But I don't know how to explain it differently.   




 I'm sorry, maybe I should have clarified. Polysaccharides are simply complex carbohydrates. All complex carbohydrates are made up of units of monosaccharide, the simplest form of sugar, bound together by a molecule bond called glycosidic bond. And the rest, well, I'm not sure how I can further clarify. It's already explained in my OP.  




 Some endocrinologists believe that the brain takes 25 years to fully mature. So, until that age, there are definitely more risks involved. But then again,  some people get on the gear in their early twenties and are doing fine. It's not an exact science... 




 I believe him. Don't think he has any reasons to lie about that. If he says he was natty up until 1995, it's probably true.  














 Carb cycling works, but not the way most people think. It works because of the relationship between polysaccharides and leptin, a complex adipose tissue hormone of which the main purpose is to mediate the effects of neurotransmitters known as endocannabinoids in the brain. These neurotransmitters increase appetite and slow down metabolism. In experiments done on rodents, they found that leptin production tends to increase and decrease along with polysaccharide intake in the long run, but not with shorter chains of monosaccharide units, lipids or amino acids. Because of this, carb cycling should consist of high starch, moderate protein, low fat   low sugar 'refeed' days. There's no consensus on how much you should eat during those days as far as I know, but there's some anecdotal evidence that you should eat at caloric maintenance. 

 









 Synthol misuse is the most hilariously ugly thing I've ever seen.  




 An opinion accompanied with arguments that I like to think make sense and are well explained.  




 No, you misunderstood. I am actually studying these things, but in spite of that, not everything I've mentioned here is entirely based on the stuff I've seen in school. It's a mix of what I've learned in school and what I've learned on my own using the knowledge that I've acquired in school, if that makes sense. In other words, it's a mix of what I've learned, what I'll probably learn, and my outlook on the world (which influences how I interpret the pieces of information that I've acquired). In all cases, it's certainly not an actual theory by scientific standards.  




 It's a theory by layman's definition, not in the sense that is used by scientists in a research context, obviously. It's a set of ideas that I've had for a long time and that have grown more sophisticated and interconnected, as I keep thinking about it and as I keep learning about biology, evolution, biochemistry, and other things like that.  




 No, I don't. I keep that to myself, because I don't have enough confidence in my theories to put them out there yet, and also because food is a touchy subject like politics and religions these days. But it's what I think, even though I don't tell anyone at least in real life.  




 Clearly you haven't read 'shit' if that's all you got from reading the OP.

And to answer your edit, I haven't even learned most of this stuff in school. It's just my personal understanding/knowledge/own conclusions based on what I know. But like I said, feel free to prove me wrong and make me look like an idiot if you think everything I've typed here is false.  




 Maybe it's douchey as fuck like you say, but in my opinion it's true. But feel free to discredit every single one of my arguments if you can. I would love to be schooled and go to sleep knowing something that I didn't yesterday. I'm totally serious.  




 I've secretly felt alienated from society for years now, and most of it has to do with nutrition. Most people are utterly ignorant when it comes to nutrition, and I cannot stand ignorance. So I secretly hate everyone.  Of course I don't go around saying that. But deep inside, it's how I feel.  














 Not sure what you mean...  









 There are arrows for me. Are other people not seeing arrows either?  














 Amazing! 




 It feels like they've been rolling through the entire NA LCS with relative ease. Especially when Xiaoweixiao plays seriously and Rush doesn't screw up the early game, it feels like they're on an entirely different level. 




 Serious question. Do you guys think that in the future we will be able to alter the genes responsible for the production of the Growth Differentiation Factor (GDF) proteins for athletic purposes? 

Inhibition of GDF-8 is already known to result in an increase in muscular tissue and a reduction in adipose tissue in a controlled setting, at least in mice and primates. And there are a couple cases of kids being born with a mutated GDF-8 gene and having incredible muscular mass and strength as a result. Seems to me that the idea won't be too far-stretched anymore in a couple years from now.  









 How do I explain to her that this isn't true at all?

I mean, I know why it isn't, but how do I explain it in a way that makes sense from the perspective of a 20 year old female who's fairly new to bodybuilding?

I've shown her various pictures of pro fitness girls, but she still doesn't believe me, she says that 'it's not the same for these girls', that people in her family have 'naturally big shoulders'.  









 Them quads... 




 It would make it possible to automate the trading system. For example, let's say you have a zombie spawner. The rotten flesh gets sorted, then sent into a dispenser that throws it at a cleric villager who trades rotten fresh for emerald. Every time the villager receives X required number of rotten flesh, he makes the trade and throws an emerald in front of him. The emerald gets collected by a hopper, and goes into a chest. Wouldn't that be awesome?  




 Just wanted to share this, because I think it's an absolutely mind-blowingly awesome design! Spruce wood for days! 




 Yeah, probably something I need to try and do. Neat advice, but it's not as simple in practice. Thanks though! 




 Cheers to you too man! That's what my lifestyle has mostly become in the past years, too. Heavy weights, clean food and gaming. Except that I'm currently single, but I'm fine with that too. Just waiting to meet the right person, otherwise it's pointless to me.  




 Most of what I've ever said on reddit is just how I feel 'deep inside', not the discourse that I actually have IRL. That's why people here think I'm some massively weird nut guy whereas in real life I'm just an average gym-obsessed dude. But I agree with what you said. I do feel alienated due to my own perception of my 'dual-lifestyle', but I recognize that that is my fault, not other people's.   




 Thanks man, yeah I'll definitely you guys know. And yes I know and watch Bahjeera. The guy is definitely entertaining and he looks nice too, granted. But I don't think he's really into bodybuilding, he's just into looking nice by having a bit of muscle mass on, which is completely fine too.  




 Yeah, the fitness sub is an example of me miserably failing to not let how I feel get the best of me, I'll give you that. I still believe that most people have bad eating habits due to their own ignorance and flawed outlook on the world, but I understand that it wasn't appropriate to express how I felt in that case. But I did it anyway. What's done is done, there's nothing I can do to change that...  




 True. My point was just that sometimes I feel alienated, like I don't belong to either group. Don't know if that makes sense. I don't always feel like that anyway.  




 There's a big difference between feeling and thinking. I often do feel superior, yes, but I see that feeling as a personality flaw and I understand that it is not rational or appropriate, and I don't let it dictate my behavior and I don't actually believe that I'm superior to anyone either (most of the time anyway).  




 Well, not right now. I used to work for my university, I was working with and conducting research on kids who have communication disorders. But the program has run out of funding, so now I'm out of job. I'm looking to start up a Youtube channel as well as a live stream and make online gaming my job, pretty much. I don't know if it'll work out, but that's my goal for the next 4 months.  




 Yeah, you're probably right. I'm studying in Education, so I've had many Psychology classes and have done a lot of research on Human Behavior, and based on both that and my general culture, I think it's no coincidence... In the gym, I've always wanted to be the biggest and leanest, and when playing online games, I've always wanted to be the best, the most skilled, the most advanced. For me both have always felt like addiction, or like obsessions. And I don't know if it's gonna change. But is it really an issue? As long as you're happy with something, I don't think it ever is.  




 Most of my friends who are big into bodybuilding are somewhat stereotypical 'fitness girls', and the only video games that they know are the Wii fit game and Call of Duty, and they don't even play them... They don't even know of computer games like League of Legends and WoW. 

On the other hand, my gamer friends are somewhat unhealthy, eat whatever whenever and don't exercise. 

I find it difficult to feel like I belong to either group of people, because I enjoy both - I aspire to become a bodybuilder, lift 5 days a week and count all my calories, but I also consider myself a hardcore gamer - I've been playing online games competitively since I was a kid and sometimes I play 6-7 hours a day or more. When I'm not lifting or making food, I'm pretty much always gaming. 

Is it like that for everyone or am I just unlucky in my life?  




 But I am a guy and I care about my glutes. My last routine even had a glute day.  




 It depends. If you do push/pull/legs, you can have one day of each and train 3-4 times a week. You can also divide it up, and train 6 days a week with 2 days for each. I find that it's mostly a matter of preference and finding what works for your body.  




 Serious question. When I was 18 reality hit me hard when I became aware of my own ignorance. But then I also realized that I genuinely loved bodybuilding, that it had never really been about impressing the other gender anyway. It was like an epiphany (serious).  




 Whoa. This is very interesting. I had no idea such a disorder existed. Thanks for sharing this. Kinda frightening too.  














 Alcohol cannot be digested directly by the body, so instead it is broken down into acetaldehyde, which can damage DNA and therefore cause cancer - this is what carcinogens do, and a few people per year actually get cancer due to alcohol consumption. 

Alcohol also does a handful of other harmful things to the body. First, it disrupts the body's main metabolic pathway, the tricarboxylic acid cycle. Normally, proteins, carbohydrates and fats are transformed into energy with the help of co-enzymes. However, one  co-enzyme in particular, known as alcohol dehydrogenase, is also responsible for breaking down alcohol into acetaldehyde. Because alcohol is prioritized by the body (as it is seen as harmful), this co-enzyme cannot do its usual job of breaking down nutrients for energy, therefore slowing down metabolism. This actually increases stored fat, since the nutrients that cannot be used for metabolism are sent into the bloodstream and then stored as fat cells in the body. 

What is even worse is that, since alcohol is broken down, your blood sugar level is lowered and you become hungry, despite not being in any need of nutrients since none have been used. This is why nights out drinking usually end up at Mcdonalds, and just create an even greater increase in stored fat.

Alcohol also depletes the body's reserves of vitamins and minerals and reduces the production of various hormones in the body that are associated with well-being, such as testosterone and growth hormone. It is incredibly harmful to the body.  




 You could have just said that it resulted in his death.  














 I don't live in the U.S.  




 Taste is irrelevant to me in this case. I just want to know which one is superior from a nutritional POV.  









 I would love to see it and get inspired as a result. Please do.  




 No I wouldn't mind at all, it's no problem. Have fun with it, and if possible, improve it and personalize it. I can think of at least a hundred ways to make this look even better. I just don't have the time or inspiration at the moment.  




 Thanks! :) 




 The shit people do...  




