 Note pad.  Write down every step to everything you have to make.  Ingredients and method.  It will show attention to detail and remind you that you know fuck all when it comes to how it gets done there.  If questioned on why or told to not waste the time, just make sure that you prioritize the info you write down and reply with "I only want to make sure I do it your way the first time when I have to do it on my own Chef."  If he doesn't say thank you to that, fuck that guy.

Hydration and keep your blood sugar up.  This is even more important cause you're going to be nervous and stressed as hell.  It is something that people should just understand in life, but even more so going into a new environment.  A Cliff bar or WTF ever is your personal choice should live in your knife roll.

Check the sidebar and dig in the sub. 




 Wait a minute...?  You mean to tell me that your boss convinced you to go online and help him try to develop a job fair under the guise of helping others in the industry?  Something sounds a little bit not 100% above ground in your situation...  




 Lots of friends?  That is crazy talk.  If you have lots of friends who have Celiacs, prepare to have a lot less friends when you discover they have been lying to you.  Unless you like to hang around lying and manipulative people...

I'm sorry.  But the scientific statistical knowledge says that if you have a lot of friends who claim this, you have a lot of friends who are full of shit. 




 Yeah, not so much.  Taking into consideration the view of the majority of the world is enlightenment.

I mean, we can talk about the extreme amounts of ignorance, hate, violence, medical problems, mental issues, disparity, and overall abuse that is exemplified by the players and the NFL.  Or even the kid who just committed suicide in a dumpster, which he accredited to the vast amounts of injuries he sustained playing football.  However, I don't think that is something I'd care to get into with the internet police.  Nor do I believe that the presentation of scientific facts would be taken into account.

The view of the enlightened folks of the world today is that football, *in it's current form,* is an atrocity to our society.

Oh yeah.  And fuck the Cowboys. 




 World travel would enlighten one to not be impressed or even care about football.  However, I would say that a SE NM town would impress Texan ideals on one... 




 Well hell, I am now!  Welcome to the club!  There is now officially at least 2 of us fuckers here.  Lots more if you just want to generally include our elected officials... 




 There are assholes all over the world.  I'm in Santa Fe and so I will acknowledge that there is at least one here.

Where you are talking about is quite beautiful.  Many people flock there.  And it is in the middle of nowhere.  Shit is expensive in that area, even for locals.  

With that said, there is a bitter hatred among the locals here (I'd even say the state of NM) for people from TX.  For many reasons.  Some logical and sound.  Others stupid and petty.  However, it rarely gets shown towards those obviously Texan.  That is stupid and it costs people here money and they know that.

In all honesty, head up to Wolf Creek.  Or up to CO if you're planning a week.  That is just an IMO, but I feel there are better amenities around in those places.  Plus legal pot! 




 "People here love the Cowboys."  *That is funny.*   Unless you're from TX, people herw typically hate the Cowboys less than the Patriots.  Is that what you mean by loving them? 




 I think I got enough for one more.  Then it's onto the soup! 









 Holy hell man, that is a *serious* offer right there.  I'd consider moving back to the PDX area to get in on that action.

And thanks for the note about the laws changing.  Not being up in the area, it's hard to stay on top of things for the couple of weekend hunt trips every year.  So all the Weyerhaeuser/GP/ETC land that we grew up tromping is now off limits in OR?  Did that change happen in WA too? 




 Unless you get it in writing, never trust any agreement an employer offers you.  No matter how nice or sincere they seem about it.  

Guy changed his mind after he agreed to something?  Fuck it, get out.  There are plenty of backsliders out there whom you can work for. 




 well of course! 




 Just make sure you triple cook those chips! 









 Check out Banh Mi Coda on Louisiana.  It's in your hood, cheap as hell, and one of the better sandwiches you can find in ABQ.  




 If your structure is correct, it shouldn't squish out.  My issue with the cutlets instead of bread is getting greasy hands. 




 Call it whatever you like.  I have to admit that it is quite nice to have a farmer in the family who will bring me produce year round. 




 Um?  You mean like a sauce?  Like the creamed ricotta spread?  Or the cranberry chutney? 




 Cranberry walnut
 




 Jacque Pepin's steamed and roasted turkey recipe using a green chile smoked bird

Maple and clove cranberry chutney

House made creamy nutmeg and black pepper ricotta

The in-law's hot house greens

Cranberry walnut bread 




 Jacque Pepin's steamed and roasted turkey recipe using a green chile smoked bird

Maple and clove cranberry chutney

House made creamy nutmeg and black pepper ricotta

The in-law's hot house greens

Cranberry walnut bread 














 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tOB0AfG0w3A 




 I'm all for drug use.  I think more people should smoke more pot.  But for some reason, it's supposed to be common place and accepted for people to get loaded on the job in a kitchen?  Don't people realize that they work with vats of hot liquids/fats, sharp ass knives, screaming red steel, and 1000 RPM razor blades?

They are a liability to you and your establishment.  If your management can't see that or address it, get out.  The longer you work there, the longer you risk some tard sending you to the hospital for not saying behind.  Or "forgetting" to mop up the grease they spilled. 




 I'll test!  I'll even SEND YOU some that I've been making.  Do you need another on your list?  If so, lemme know and I'll PM you my address.

And honestly, this is fairly funny to me.  I just shipped out a few boxes of various smoked salts to a bunch of my friends across the country.  Several chile varietals and the super secret french fry salt shaker mix. 




 Gelling and emulsifying have been around for how long now?  Do you know what aspic is?  How to make panna cotta?  Or a simple mayonnaise?  Maybe you've heard of these things, cause some peasants have been making these items for a couple hundred years now.  It wasn't some genius in the last 20 years that figured out how and why air/gas works with certain compounds.  It was just publicized. 

We can talk about what kind of ovens and stove tops we all use, if you like.  You obviously didn't grasp the point that I was making when I said he cooks with fire.  It means basic.

There is nothing wrong with modern technique.  In the right places and in the right hands.  Proper technique that yields the results which Keller wants isn't invention.  But adaption.  That is what SV cooking is, FYI.  An adaption of boiling.  If you want to get down to it, a great example of crude/basic technology doing the same thing is a traditional preparation of Haggis.

If you're going to be given the distinction of in the top ten restaurants of the world, it *SHOULD* be stressful.  Hell, it was stressful to eat there.  And that was before the place got popular.  

But there is a big difference between Keller and most of the people mentioned in that article.  He cooks for others.  Most that strive to be in the same caliber, cook for themselves.

Now son, if you would like to continue this lesson in food history or are interested in furthering your own gastronomical knowledge, feel free to go get your shine box. 




 Yep.  That's my issue.  He started off the article like he wanted to have a conversation about food.  And then it moved to sound like he had a personal vendetta towards a couple of specific shops.  Critiques and discussions are two entirely different topic.  So are personal tastes.  Which is why I *TRY* to remove my personal tastes about things and look at places subjectively, but it is hard.

I would surmise that the author has similar issues with removing himself from his writing.  Which leads to me looking at what was written as partial "shock topic" journalism/media BS, just to get more attention.  The "Oh look!  This guy is talking shit about Frank over there!  Obviously what he has to say is important!" syndrome.  While he might have something good to say, he doesn't need to be such a dick.

Then again though, in my case, that makes me a charred up kettle... 




 This is probably one of the best articles on food I've read all year.  I know many of ya'll will disagree with me, but this is pretty much spot.  I think it is wonderful that other people are much more elegant and well spoken in telling the hispters to fuck off.  You make snacks for fucks sake.  A necessity for all.  Your job should not be some privilege you give specific people you like so they can jack off your ego.

One thing I would like to point out in all of this is what is lacking.  Which I think many might not notice.  It is hard to have a serious conversation about food, especially in the US, without mentioning Keller.

I hope ya'll note that and understand why.  Partly because he doesn't do a lot of that BS.  He cooks with fire.  Mainly though, the relevancy is simple food, cooked well.  With proper method and technique.  Trends and fads come and go.  I'm not saying you can't do it your way.  I just think it is silly to try and fix what ain't broke.
 




 Ouch.  It's to bad that he had to list names.  That was the first thing I thought when I read "one was the best of the year, one was the worst..."

The problem with not naming names though is not giving the concrete examples of what he is talking about. 




 Do you have a microwave and plastic wrap?  If so, boil water in the microwave.  In a bowl, toss the meat with a little water to loosen the fat some.  Make an airtight seal with the warp.  Nuke it for a minute.  Take out and place in a different, covered container.  Repeat. 




 This place is fine to live in if you have money.  But if you don't, you feel and realize it.  Also, this place is great to live in if you are an entitled rich old white person.

I would love to know what it is that the locals do around here.  I consider myself one now (been here 6+ years and am tied deep with born and bred native New Mexicans and Santa Feans) and we don't do shit.  Mainly because there is nowhere worthwhile to do anything in town. There are a couple gems, I'm not saying it's totally barren.  

However, to get into or go to those places, you have to deal with all the goddamn stupid fucking douchebags that are transitional here.  You know the type.  The self absorbed holier than thou yoga bitches that only shop at whole foods.  Or the asshole oblivious hipster body workers who think it's ok to talk and scream through an entire live acoustic set that people pay $25 to go see.

We actually do a lot among ourselves.  Us locals.  We create our own excitement.  We don't go out.  We don't go to shows.  We hardly go out to eat.  We don't shop at most of the locally owned shops.  And sadly, none of this has to do with money.  At least on the part of myself and my girl.  Maybe some among my friends, but not really.  They all have disposable income they would love to spend.

But here's the thing.  Santa Fe IS NOT friendly to those that live here,  unless you are an entitled old rich white person who makes art.  Or you are apart of the good ol' boy network.  We (the locals) try and change that and contribute into the community which would help foster growth in the other direction.  However, the people that run this town don't seem to have any interest in helping anyone other than tourists and Cousin Jose.

So.  I would love to hear what you do in town or around in the area.  Cause in all honesty, the girl and I are sick of leaving town every other weekend simply for something to do. 




 Ummmmmm.....  That's what she said? 




 and some slices...

http://i.imgur.com/aVQpiXY.jpg 









 What part of butt fuck egypt OR?  I grew up outside PDX and spent a lot of time all over the NW and OR in particular.  I still know a bunch of people out that way.  Specifically Eastern OR.  Farmers, craftsmen, people with pigs to butcher, vintners, hunters, etc  :)
 




 Right right.  Actually reading a few comments now, I just skimmed it before and didn't even watch the video.  Skipped every 30 seconds and checked the still.  The gem though is pretty spot on.  People will go for all kinds of BS.  But fuck that guy for the most part.

I've learned to ignore the cooking and food subs.  And food porn for that matter.  All of the other food related subs I think contain much more, I hate to say enlightened people, but less fucktards than the others.  This sub though, is ONLY full of fucktards.   




 I'm torn to agree with you.  But that pie looks like shit and most Suzi Q Homemakers can make a better looking pie than that.  I'm not talking about technique, quality, or anything like that.  The basic structure of that pizza is simply bad.  The video was excellent though.  If you're going to go to all that work, at least do it right.  It seems like the person making the pie actually does know what they are doing, so I just gotta ask, WTF man?  Why would you do that? 




 Thanks for the mention of the MADfeed.com site.  I remember hearing about it months ago but never checked it out.  And after looking at it for 5 minutes, it's bookmarked and when I can sit down later, that site needs a serious combing through. 




 I watched this again earlier when I saw it posted too.  Lollers.

Now.  I think this guy is pretty awesome.  If he can take this crap and turn it into a plate that people will pay serious money for, I mean, kudos.  That is my job as a Garde Manger, to take trash and scrap and turn it into something edible.

But for fucks sake, this is some serious bullshit.  We can get into the whole discussion of food supply, waste, and all that stuff.  But here's the thing that I love about this kind of crap - other people think they can do it and they can't.  But they try.  And it's fucking funny when these hipster douchebags that can't cook do this shit and then close their doors :) 




 Right on right on.  I totally get it.  I will go for the odds and ends too if I'm in a pinch at the store :)

But it sounds like you're already on top of the meaty deliciousness that is the pig.  Local butcher is good.  Is there an Asian specialty market in your hood?  That is usually a place to find decent cuts of belly.  Also,  if your friends with any restaurant folk, ask them if they could order you some.  Offer em 10-25% above their cost depending on their price and I don't think they would balk at it.  I'll order product for people all the time if they are willing to pay me to pull it off the back of the truck and hand it to them... 




 One of the key things about being a bartender is knowing how to identify problem situations and diffusing them.  Conflict resolution.  But able to be nice, professional, and straight about it.

Other than that, you've got to learn your drinks and know how to pull/pour beer.  I've hired/worked with many "bartenders" with years experience that would last one shift or 20 minutes of a trial simply because they can't pull beer.

You need a serving license.

Lastly, if you are wanting to break into the business, keep in mind that most people WILL NOT hire someone with little or no experience to train them behind the bar.  Unless you got a big ol pair of titties.  No offense women, it's just the business.  Find a job as a bar back and learn your shit.  Easiest place to jump into that would be a hotel. 




 I understand what you are saying and I know what the product is.  But don't agree.  This is what I make that winds up being cheaper and WAY better than any odds and ends pack you might find.  Now I understand that this is house made and you're hard pressed finding similar quality in the store, but you can find your own belly.  Make your own!

http://i.imgur.com/Cm1CTHF.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/xhqqv1m.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/Dd7LX5u.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/T4xyjFu.jpg

 




 what? 




 Have you thought about publishing some books?  It looks like you've got a lot of material and your editor has been by your side for at least 8 years! 




 check check! 




 Pizza dough, garlic oil, red sauce, cheese, and green chile :)

OH!  Can't forget the smoked green chile salt dusting on the crust... 




 That is a bummer.  I'm down in NM now and I have a completely different problem in that it's basically impossible to sell wild foraged goods due to draconian ass backward laws.  Some restaurants will buy em (most wont) at the back door, but there is no market to take them too, nor a broker I'm aware of in NM.

I pulled about 300# of Porcini this season.  As well as about 150# of lobsters, 30 # of chanties, and another 100# of aspen bolete.  Nobody around here hunts, outside of a gallon container to take home.  There is no money in it, cause ya gotta drive to Denver.  

So what do you do with hauls like that?  I've got almost almost three 5 gallon buckets filled with dried porcini.  I guess I'm eating risiotto all winter long and all of my friends are getting jars for xmas...

Ya got any of them delicious chickens dried up in storage that you'd want to trade?  We don't get those down here :( 




 Ya know what, $20 for a print that size of a good shot ain't bad.  Kudos man, the only cash I'm ever able to make off the shroomies are at the market.  If I can find a decent frame in town for that thing, I think I might just have to order one! 




 Garbage.  Last time I ordered a pizza from there, I asked for a pie to be delivered that was a total unique 3 or 4 topping order.  Dude showed up at my house, which is 10 min from their shop in 20 minutes.  The pizza he tried to give me, which I had to run outside and flag that fucker down about, had easily been sitting in their shop for a couple of hours and it was obvious that they picked toppings off and put new ones on. They didn't even bother to throw it back in the oven, took it straight from under the heat lamp.

The few times I've tried to eat there, it has been burnt with attitude and it tastes like cardboard.  I would much rather, and seriously, eat Dominoes over Upper Crust any day.  And that makes me sad :(

So fuck that place and the bullshit they try to serve the community.  And their sauce is a complete waste of tomatoes. 




 Choppers?  That's a new one to me.  I've not been out there since prolly 2007.  But up until then, it was at least 2 or 3 weekends a year, mainly during the summer for years.  And I have to admit, we used to be some of those quite pleasant people you mentioned doing awesome things in awesome mind sets.  Anymore, I hate it too.  My lord.  I'm an old man.  GET OFF MY LAWN!

The muscaria are everywhere, which is why I love them so much.  It is just that one spot out of all the places I've hunted that still stands in my mind to this day.  And it was never fail, always hundreds of em within yards of each other.  More impressive than the multiple hundred pound patches of yellow chanties I'd find in the Gifford...  




 A spore print is essentially "seed collecting."  It is a way to pick a mushroom and "transfer" the mycelium to a new host for it to grow.  The spores are what allow the mushroom to reproduce. 




 :)  No worries.  I'm from the Columbia valley basin and I miss my old friends.

And.  It is Saturday.  Which means that it is a good day to drive to the beach.  I don't know where you are at.  But if you are anywhere remotely close to Ft. Stevens and haven't been out there this fall, I would suggest you head out there.

On the Oregon side at the mouth of the Columbia river.  If you stand at the very tip and look east down the coast line, you will see a grove of trees about 100 yards from the mouth.  A good 40-50 yards south from the bank of the river.  In that stand of trees should be hundreds of Muscarias.  I mean, like 6"-15" cap large fucking beauties.  One of the most breathtaking stands of mushies I've ever found out there.  I'm not a photog, but it looks like you are...

Also.  All through the park you will find more of our Cyan friends.  But if you look along the banks of the Columbia around there, Seaside, and Astoria, you will find the Azure's as well :) 




 Well awesome, that's great to hear as I've always found Ta Lin to be lacking in those regards as well.  But the best/only real option in the area :(

So how does a civilian go about getting onto the base to do some shopping? 




 Advertising a restaurant usually costs you money in the long run.  The best thing that you can do is have a product which is unique to the area that has a preexisting demand.

On top of it, a better product than your competitors.  Notice, I didn't say cheaper.  I said better.  

Also.  One of the biggest challenges of the restaurant industry is to get people to walk back in the door.  But that is usually where people stop trying - to get the customer to come in that has already been a patron.  The best advertisement is word of mouth.  I believe that it is my job as a cook to not only provide the kind of service/product that will drive people back in the door, but to do so with others in tow.  That is how you build business.

Coupons, TV, radio, and print are a waste of money in restaurant promotions.  




 I'm hard pressed finding decent pizza in Santa Fe and thick crust is almost non existent.  I usually hate saying it, cause it seems wrong.  But IMO Dions is the best pie you can purchase in SF :( 




 Care to mail out some spore prints? 




 Are you letting FOH touch your shit?  Isn't that the only explanation for something so shitty looking to be left in your kitchen?  I mean, you wouldn't keep paying a cook who did that, would you? 




 Really?  Better than Ta Lin?  I find that hard to believe, but it could be.  I've never been onto the base.  If you've never been to Ta Lin, I would highly suggest you check it out. 




 Ta Lin on Central is probably going to be your best bet.  Also, there are a couple of Middle Eastern stores in the area that carry a variety of product.  Shop on San Pedro is decent and Cafe Istanbul on Wyoming is pretty good too.

What kind of product are you looking for specifically? 




 Warm and safe in NM?  Lollers.  Go to CA or FL if you want warm.  If you want warm and safe, stay under the blankets... 




 I dunno.  All I do know is that one of my theater professors would mockingly say "Nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnd what are you saying?" to make sure that people knew they were not pronouncing and projecting words audibly. 




 Thank you for giving us an update on your personal status. 




 thanks! 




 Thanks.  You are 100% correct that I want to work with someone who knows photo and design stuff.  Layout.  All of that.  Because that person is not me.  I could struggle through, but know if I would do it all on my own it would like like it was done in MSWord by a 6th grader :)

I did some researching online, but was somewhat overwhelmed with the amount of info and what seemed like having to sift through a lot of internet BS.  I didn't find Lulu, I'll check it out.  Kindle Direct I had seen, but not delved into.  Could you recommend another site or two to look into.

And now that I'm thinking of this, I should have looked for a sticky.... 




 Homemade my friend. 




 Made from scratch at my house.   And I didn't know we were dating? 




 Hatch.  Green.  Fucking.  Chile.

But no meat, just extra cheese and sauce. 














 The grilled pork is good, I love it.  And the baguette vs sub roll is always a debate of mine.  The (one) shop in New Mexico that I know about who does theirs from scratch all the way uses a long soft loaf.  Baguette shape, but not crusty at all, more like a sub.  Hence my idea.

But honestly, I'm at 7K plus in altitude.  I hate making bread here and baguettes are much harder than the soft rolls... 




 Yep.  But I don't like pate and the girl is a veggie, so I tend to steer clear... 




 Diakon, carrot, cuke, cilantro, 5 spice lemongrass mayo, and Chinese BBQ pork on a whole wheat roll. 




 Yep.  Somewhat ;) 




 Then check my other post about possibly writing a book! 




 Thank you for your service to the public.

Does the FCC have plans to bust up the monopolies that are currently in control of our communication infrastructure?  When it happened with Ma Bell years ago it was for a reason.  Now we seem to find ourselves in a much similar situation in our nation.  Is the current situation less of a monopoly than before?

Also.  Has there been any talk or interest in Washington about making a free, national high speed internet?  It would be in the nations best interest if we did.  Simply from an economic standpoint.  There is no reason that people should be paying $100 for internet... 




 I'm sorry I'm so lazy to copy and paste a reply to you  :)

Thanks. What I've been kicking around is 26 sandwiches and all of the components to make each one. Why 26? Well, that's a sandwich to make every other week for a year and some of the components take 7-10 days to make.

The formula I'm thinking is 5 recipes per sandwich, 130 in total. Meat, bread, sauce, salad/veg/cheese, and a side.

 




 That would have to be a picture book, coffee table size.  I like my sandwiches, but I don't think they are THAT good.  Maybe I'm wrong? 




 Thanks.  What I've been kicking around is 26 sandwiches and all of the components to make each one.  Why 26?  Well, that's a sandwich to make every other week for a year and some of the components take 7-10 days to make.

The formula I'm thinking is 5 recipes per sandwich, 130 in total.  Meat, bread, sauce, salad/veg/cheese, and a side.  




 Right on.  Now that is going to make me question my hunting season next year, as I passed a few that looked like that, but in every other aspect, an Aspen Bolete.

What kind of bolete is that? 




 Show us your tits!  Erm.... smokehouse? 









 gorgeous.  So jealous out here where we never see such fine product.  How much per kilo/gram if you don't mind sharing? 




 Wow.  I'd ask if you work in my town.  But then you mentioned getting paid.  Your post is basically the same experience of almost EVERYONE on my town, except they get $10.61/hr if they are lucky :( 




 Um...  I very well can be wrong, I'm not an expert.  But are you sure that big guy is a bolete?  I've never seen one that wasn't a sponge. 




 Somewhat close to that.  No pate and it's not on white bread, so to not cause controversy with the internet food police, I'm not going to call it a banh mi.  Just delicious. 




 I believe the ODB would say that he likes it RAAAAAAAAAW! 




 Zoidberg's ancestor? 




 Right now these are the things that I have on the desk that could be included in a book for non kitchen folk.  If it would happen, I highly doubt it would be in print.  But PDF/kindle/tablet friendly.

75+ different mayos

15 mustards

25 breads

6 bacon cures

20+ pickles of variety

10+ salt/spice mixes

20+ rubs for smoked meats

5 salamis

20+ slaws

20+ salads 

And  the list goes on and on... 




 In the course of the last year, I have made a lot of (restaurant grade) sandwiches.  More importantly, I've made a lot of components to make a ton of awesome sandwiches.  From bread to mayo to cured meats to cheese.  I've made a lot of sandwich fixings.  I mean, the sandwich is one of the most perfect foods ever...

I have been asked in the real world, and in this one, numerous times to provide recipes, instructions, or a cookbook.  And I think it is about time that I cataloged my stacks of binders and notebooks into something useful for others.  So I thought I would judge a basic interest in such a thing from the sub.

If any of ya'll are curious or haven't seen any of my posts, below is a link to a gallery of sandwiches.  Comments, hate mail, critique, or anything else is more than welcome.  I'd love feedback of any kind.

http://imgur.com/a/BYZRe 









 Puff pastry is always a bitch.  But it is good to stay in practice.  The budino is stupid simple.  Sugar, cocoa powder, cornstarch (in lieu of gelatin to keep in veggie friendly), and a little salt in a pot.  Bring it up to a hot hot temp while stirring to not burn the cocoa and caramel the sugar a little.  Add milk/cream/liquids and bring that shit to a boil.  Stir ever couple of minutes to pull the nasty off the bottom.  Let that stuff go until it looks like clumpy mud and then run it through a chinoise.

Really, really simple.  Easy to fuck up.  It just takes a little time and attention. 




 I just got back from HI and saw one of the most awesome things ever in almost every gas station there.  I guess it is a CA company and so I'm sure they is information about.  I wish I would have remembered the name of the machines.

Prepacked "milkshake/smoothie" mixes and the "blizzard" machine to mix it all up and add the ice cream.  It was fucking genius.  It did take up a fair amount of room (think 2 large soda fountains, one of which is a dedicated refer) but I think the profit would be awesome.  Seasonal in most places, but awesome.  Think of it like the new fangled Kurig individual serving coffee stations that are everywhere.  Basically the exact same idea, but with smoothies/milkshakes.

And I think the price point (in HI, so that is inflated island prices) was about $4.50/ea. 




 Gutting out dilapidated shops and cleaning up after morons who shouldn't be in business in the first place is a great way to make money.  For example, there is a shop in my town right now that has 3 (used 1 year) double pour Astoria Espresso machines that I could probably pick up for about $400 ea.  Then again though, the owner is in a financial shit and is looking for anything he can get his hands on.

With that being said, it's also a great way to furnish/outfit a place, if you know how to inspect things.  And for units with refrigeration, learn how to check Freon levels and cooling elements/motors.  Used equipment is always questionable unless you have an awesome repair guy.  Used equipment is also not always 100% what you want, or more importantly, need.  It doesn't matter if the ice machine is only $250 if it only produces half of the needed ice for a day... 




 I hate plating.  I mean, fucking hate it.  I spent long enough in the trenches of fine dining to just not care what food looks like any more.  Method, taste, and technique is what I focus on.

So yeah.  Zig zags.  I'm lazy and like colour.  I wish I could bother to actually want to plate at home.  Cause I'll tell ya what, I hate that shit too.  But the girl loves it and treats me right for those kinds of things, so... 




 I can't bring myself to make pate at home.  The GF doesn't like it and I'm not a huge fan.  And I agree with the mint all the way around.  You can sneak in a piece of basil or two like I know a few folks do, but that is about as much messing with the herbs I like. 




 Puff pastry

Raspberries

Chocolate budino

Cream Anglaise

Mango sauce 









 5 spice Chinese style BBQ pork

Cilantro, diakon, carrot, and cucumber

Lemongrass and five spice mayo

whole wheat sub roll 









 "Banh Mi"

5 spice char sui pork

Daikon, carrot, cucumber, and cilantro  

5 spice lemongrass mayo

Soft roll 









 Sirloin strip with porcini cream sauce

Fried Onion and mushrooms

Snap peas and garlic 









 Well, you should shout next time you're planning on coming up this way and I'll see what I can do.  

Today's sandwich of awesome is a Bhan Mi.  Fuck yeah! 




 I already got lucky today, I should let someone else have a shot ;) 




 I was debating on coming down to ABQ today and this might make it worthwhile... 




 GTFO. 




 I teach classes often.  If you're interested in learning how to cook better, shop smarter, or how to do pretty much anything you would want to do at home that you can't do now, let me know. 




 http://www.rattlesnakes.com/ 




 The membership to Plant World is only like $25, it's totally worth it.  The brother in law has one for his vegetable garden and I'm always impressed with the loot he finds.

Without going into long winded stories, maybe try calling BLM?  Or the USFS?  A pueblo?  Maybe could find an area that is having them cleared out to get transplants?  Only reason I say this is because I helped drop a few live pinon this summer doing some conservation work... 




 That's a first to hear for me.  People just usually want to burn it...

I'm up in SF, I'm pretty sure I've seen Pinon starts at Paynes.  Could also try "Plants of the SW" here in SF too.  Did you call plant world in ABQ? 




 Completely off topic, but if you've not hit up the Rattlesnake museum yet, you should. 




 The SF market is pretty much done.  There are the year round vendors in the building, but no produce.  Maybe a couple of hot house greens or tomatoes, but that is about it.  Crafts, bread, cheese, and canned goods now.   




 Do you mean live trees? 




 Shouldn't you be in the pit? 




 Foraging is fine.  It is the elite attitude of the "hipsters " or WTF ever else you want to call them that is the problem.  People shouldn't think that they are special because they went out and picked their own food.  

Foraging needs to stop being talked about.  It belongs right there with the words "sustainable, local, organic" in needing to be stripped out of the vocabulary of those who work with food.  Why?  Because it should not be the exception, but the fucking norm.  

But the real reason that I think we shouldn't be teaching more people to forage is because when shit hits the fan and we get knocked back into the stone age, the last people any of us will want to have around are the fucking hipsters.  If we teach them to forage, we increase their chances of survival.  That is no bueno. 




 I honestly don't think so.  But maybe?  That is just an IMO statement.  But maybe he's a outrageous pretentious fucktard?  He's never come across that way to me in the few things that I've read/watched him in.

However, I will tell him to fuck off with that dirt and pine needle shit.  The last thing we need to be doing in the culinary world is trying to convince the god dammed hipsters that they should forage even more. 




 How old are you?  What kind of education do you have? With 1 year experience, I would be extremely hesitant taking over the reigns of a kitchen that is obviously (by your words) poorly run.  Honestly it sounds like a good way to get fired in a couple of months for something you either don't know or have never handled.
  
Also.  KM for $30K?  I dunno what part of the country you are in, but that is stupid low IMO.  Just think for a minute.  That is $625/week before taxes.  That is just barely more than what a line cook makes in my little butt fuck town... 




 Because people are jealous of what they can't be and don't know how to control their emotions. 




 While all the *serious* answers here are fairly spot on IMO.  I think that it has to do with the fact that there is no money to be made in helping people or in doing good things :( 




