 The same could be said about the US. Folks simply don't like to admit that they have problems.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q49NOyJ8fNA 




 Or the sort of searching-to-be-offended psycho who thinks everything in the world should come with a "trigger warning."

For instance, the sort of person flipping out about how horrid the recently pulled Batgirl cover was. Strangely they'll usually also be the same sort of hypocritical person who flips out anytime a book they like is censored, because *censorship is wrong*. 




 FUCKING KEVIN 




 It also can come from being under massive amounts of stress. 




 I was under the impression that most carnivorous plants ate meat to make up for a lack of nitrogen in their environments, not CO2. 




 Sadly there are a lot of really rich people \*caugh\*thekochbrothers\*cough\* who can't grasp that concept. 




 Well, govem we are willing to drop bombs on entire funerals full of civilians to take out a single bad guy, i think we've pretty well decided in one direction already. 




 Hey! Thank you for the honest feedback. I 100% agree with you on everything you are saying, and if it was something I was used to putting together I would totally be going for high end components. But my big concern is that this is the first one I am working on, period, and if I screw it up I'd rather have lost a 105$ piece of junk than several hundred dollars worth of gear. I'm looking at this as a hobby, and this is just me cutting my teeth, and in the future they're probably going to have way higher end gear.

I'm not expecting amazing results, and I fully expect a few mistakes, but I'd rather screw up cheap bargain-bin parts than really nice choice components. I see this guy being a schlepping instrument, that will be retired to a nice case on a wall when I build another one with really nice parts.

Plus this lets me trace the body blank on to some graph paper so in the future I can hopefully make and route the body myself. 




 Free cookies in exchange for potentially saving someone's life. Worth it. Not like I need all that blood anyways.

Plus as a male, there's [a body of evidence](http://www.webmd.com/men/features/too-much-iron-in-your-blood) showing that it's actually a good idea to donate blood frequently to prevent iron buildup in your bloodstream.

So, free cookies, saving someone's life, and extending your own. 




 Perhaps; there are many, many ways to add pauses - for dramatic effect or otherwise - I suppose anyway... 




 Thank you so much!
 




 So, followup questions - if a neck has a 56mm heel width, am I looking for a body that has a 56mm neck pocket? Or can I sand that down? Or am I getting the measurements completely mixed up?

Also, is it safe to assume a neck will have a slot for a truss rod?

Sorry for the peppering of questions - like I said, kind of still trying to figure this out. 




 Simple but good example: Food service.

Not paying sick days essentially forces a low income earner (the sort of person who would be working at a food service job in most cases) to choose between taking sick days to get better, or sucking it up and going to work. They don't have the option of choosing to go to work or not because they likely live paycheck to paycheck - losing a day of pay could literally mean no food on the table or not paying rent.

So, they go to work sick. While there, they then expose food and other workers to their illness. They also are less productive while working. Other coworkers become sick, and you lose even more productivity as the sickness spreads through your workforce. Customers potentially get sick, and if it's bad enough that customers track you down, you are exposing yourself to massive lawsuits.

Between a multimillion dollar lawsuit worst case scenario and giving a worker the day off with pay when they are sick - well, which would you rather pay?

I have a personal theory that many people have a difficult time understanding indirect consequences of actions, or maybe they understand them but have a harder time comprehending the spidering-out chain of effects that their actions create. Because sadly, there are dragons in those effects. 




 Honestly - I built a pinewood derby car in high school, and a stool in boyscouts. So, basically none.

I kinda thought an electric might be a good way to start, especially since outside of hardware and wiring it looks like I could put one together for less than $100.

I've also wanted a bass, and it looks like they have a few bass necks, which could be fantastic. 




 Well, was the tech wrong?

See also this video:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LbTB3ASkdOo 




 Hey everyone!
I am looking to build out my workbench first, but after that I want to start on my first guitar build. Originally I had considered doing a ukulele build first (kits are cheap) to get my feet wet, but then some folks pointed me towards the guitarfetish warehouse sale.

Ultimately I want to build acoustics, but I feel like getting my feet wet with ANY guitar build will be a great way to start. Is this a sensible approach? Or should I just spring for an acoustic kit and ignore the electrics? 




  https://www.brawker.com/

I think this exactly what I saw before - I thought it was just for amazon but I remembered incorrectly. Thank you!!!! 




 Hey everyone. I think I remember seeing a service like this before. Specifically I want to purchase a guitar kit from either Blues Creek Guitar or Stewart Macdonald, but neither accepts bitcoin (and I haven't been able to get a response when sending emails suggesting it).

So, it sounds like I need a service where someone would purchase the kit for me in exchange for bitcoin. I know I've seen something like this for amazon, but what about the WWW at large?? 




 She is beautiful!! 

Have you had any issues with space/toy/food aggression? A lot of dogs that are crated that long see some issues  




 Luckily, educated progressive people are far less likely to utter the last words, "Hey ya'll, hold my beer and *check this out!*" 




 You are correct, but it's important to note that those rules apply specific to "[public accommodations](https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/42/12181)".

I still don't understand how the protection of sexuality isn't covered. If I was a gay guy banging another gay guy, and a business finds out and says they won't do business with me, they are essentially discriminating against me because my partner is male and not female. So it's essentially discrimination of sex via a proxy. 




 You seriously may have just secured my wife and I's retirement. We've talked about retiring in the Netherlands for years, and it appears this is EXTREMELY common there. It could even be enough to secure citizenship because you have to live there 5 years and show financial stability. Seriously, you rock!
 




 I will check it out, thank you!! 




 Hey everyone!
I am a complete newbie, starting from scratch. So far I have the Bernstein book (I literally picked it up this evening) but I was wondering if there are other books I should take a look at?
My ultimate goal is a small setup for raising tilapia and growing plants, most likely similar to this one:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wv1y4STXVWg

Any advice would be really helpful. I'd also appreciate advice if this may be shooting a bit high to start :) 




 You are both pragmatic, and a good dog owner. Rate up! 




 Which is why, to this day, I don't use dishwashers. My first apartment had a dishwasher, and I just put dishes in, and they never came out clean. My roommate advised me that I had to wash and scrub them down beforehand.

If I have to wipe them down with a wet cloth already, i may as well make the cloth wet with soapy water and just spend 2 seconds more scrubbing and be done with them.

The machines don't serve much of a point to me unless I have a sudden massive amount of easily cleaned dishes (cocktail parties are a great example) 




 It's the reverse here. My wife will usually grab things as soon as I set them down, often before I'm done. I usually don't mind unless it suddenly leads to problems like scorching (because I couldn't stir fast enough), or nice sear marks turning into burn marks (because she stole my tongs). 




 This is good advice, but requires you to have downtime as you go. That's not always the case. Especially if you are doing things that readily burn and require constant stirring. I'll give OP benefit of the doubt :) 




 It was Peter Coors. I'm still trying to scrape up more. Looks like he eventually stepped out but I was able to find this so far:
http://www.advocate.com/politics/religion/2015/01/14/business-entertainment-notables-pull-out-antigay-groups-event 




 Pretty simple - this happened a few months ago, but magically it seems to have disappeared off of the internet. Can anyone find any articles relating to this event?? 




 Just throwing this out there, that's an awesome pace. That's a sub 2 minute half-mile which is wicked fast. 




 Do they support bitcoin? 




 Nothing, this sub is just stacked with contrarian idiots who downvote for stupid reasons. 

The proper term is Frenched, achieved by the process of Frenching. Talk to any chef and say a cut needs to be frenched, they will know what you mean. Use any other term? No such guarantee can be made. 




 Do fulfillment centers exist for food products? I have been working on starting my business repackaging and selling spices. It's easy for me to do at home and ship, but can I tell the fulfillment center "here's a 50lb bag of cumin seed, customer ordered 1oz of ground cumin, please grind 1 oz of cumin and ship?" 




 Any idea how precise the scale needs to be? I have an older kitchen scale which is a bit finicky but can handle measurements down to ~4 gram precision or so. 




 If this is true, Drs. Sheldon Cooper and Leonard Hofstadter will be devastated. 




 Hey everyone. I have been curious about this for awhile. The actual act of buying/selling is easy. My big concern is making sure that packages get out to customers in a timely way.

I am still starting, so any volume that I would generate would be miniscule, and likely way too small for a fulfillment center to be interested.

Did you pay for custom packaging? How do you handle boxing and adding packing material? This stuff, if you go to office max or even the post office is absurdly expensive. Enough so that I lose any kind of competitive edge. The post office offers free shipping boxes, but the flat rate is really high - $9+.

So far I have just been saving boxes and as much packing material as possible from Amazon. Some guy I know also tried getting a bunch of free boxes from USPS and inverting them until he found out it was a felony :( 




 I don't either. It was always instilled in me early on that your pet is family. Not just "a pet." You've taken them in, they are with you for life through thick and thin.

Then I read about people just throwing dogs away and.. I just don't understand it. 




 Congratulations!

Please remember to vote every chance you get. Not just for presidential elections. Sadly lots of folks forget that and we end up with a bunch of idiots running the show. 




 Not sure. I think the fact that people aren't driving the train, they have a big metal shield blocking them from really comprehending what happened literally a few feet away. Kinda like hearing about a murder on the news - it's ethereal and doesn't really have much impact on you most of the time. So instead to them it's just lost time that they're stuck on the train.

If they actually saw the body or if they're on the front of the train and they see the person hit, that would probably change their tune a bit. But maybe not.

The drivers and ticket takers are always really on edge though - it hits them pretty hard (as you would expect). 




 Well, it may not be quite what you are looking for, but I have been on several trains where a person has jumped in front of the train (you didn't specify the kind of accident). Usually you just feel the train screech to a halt. The ticket takers start going nuts and run to the front of the train. About 10 minutes passes and an intercom message plays that there appears to have been a fatality, and to please be patient. At that point you realize you are stuck for the next minimum of 30 minutes until another train can be redirected towards you. They pull the trains side by side so you can't see anything, and then move you over to the other train.

Other passengers usually flip out about how "selfish" the person was to screw up their day, and you question why exactly it is wrong to punch complete strangers for being such assholes who can't realize that their minor inconvenience was a day in someone's life that was so bad that it made them jump in front of a train.

There have been 2 times where I have seen the body. There's a lot of blood, and not much recognizable as a person. 




 When her only defense is that "she feared for her life" and the DA himself says that he never once pointed or directed towards her, his hands were empty, and she waited 4 seconds between shots into the back of an unarmed man, yes, exactly.

That's why she's been charged. 




 FYI, the camera from her tazer shows that he was struggling to remove the barb from his back when she opened fire. The DA himself said the video evidence is damning considering his hands were empty and he never once gestured towards her, and it clearly seems he was trying to remove the barbs from his back. She also waited 4 seconds between shots. Because,  you know, apparently the guy she shot once in the back was still a threat.

As for not responding immediately - let's try something. Have someone shoot you in the back with a tazer and start barking commands at you. See how soon you can start responding. 




 My god, of all the breeds, I think pits/staffies have the absolute best smiles. 




 Yeah, they "try to make it better" by threatening to stop policing if anyone criticizes dangerous officers, a la the NYPD. Police will gladly hold the public hostage the second someone tries to wave accountability in their direction. 




 Cop just indicted in Pennsylvania for stopping a man for an out of date registration sticker, pulling him out of his car, laying him face down, and shooting him to death in the back.

And the rest of the police that everyone says are "so noble" will be gladly paying into the union coffers to finance wave after wave of appeals to ensure that this officer eventually gets their job back with back pay, or at the very least, a full pension.

Because not a single goddamned cop actually wants to police themselves, just us "normals." 




 For a damn image. I know what I searched for. 




 No, I googled a creature from the game. I did not "google a spoiler."

At worst, I expected links for the beast to pop up. I did not expect the very first link to show the name of the beast's identity. 




 This may be the best comment I've read today! 




 Good dog!! 




 Um, that when I google "infamous beast" that I could find a picture, and not have the first result show me the identity of the beast? 




 I understand what you are saying, but I have to disagree somewhat. You're ok with raising for food lifeforms whose evolutionary path diverged from ours 50 million years ago, but not lifeforms whose evolutionary path diverged from ours 10 million years ago (dates are wrong obviously, but I think you understand my meaning). I don't agree with that distinction.

As for the land - most studies of the least harm doctrine have asserted that a mix of both animal and plant agriculture minimizes the actual loss of life. Remember that when land is used for plant agriculture, there is still a staggering loss of life. Native plant species are cleared en masse, and that often leads to mass starvation of native animal species. Rerouting waterways for irrigation can cause further damage in similar ways. The act of preparing soil, tilling and harvesting kills massive numbers of soil-dwelling mammals. The word pesticide is a portmanteau that means "killer of pest animals." So, even if we switched to pure plant agriculture, animals will still die as a direct result, even if we haven't raised them for it. And sadly, it's often in larger numbers than in animal agriculture (I'm only talking about direct impact, not indirect where the numbers go all over the place on each side of the fence).

There's not a simple answer to this one, as much as I wish there was. 




 I'm familiar with it, actually! Very good sci-fi movie.

Honestly, I suppose it isn't that far off.

Still, it's far better that the animals be treated well than forced to put in restrictive enclosures. I mean, ultimately, they are being raised for food. At some point, they will die. There is no way to sugar coat that. It's the brutal truth. But at least while they're alive they can be treated with dignity and given a modicom of respect, you know? 




 You realize the keystone document for justifying the war in Iraq declassified and released by FOIA request a few days ago, and shows that you are completely and utterly wrong?

https://news.vice.com/article/the-cia-just-declassified-the-document-that-supposedly-justified-the-iraq-invasion 




 Hey, first, I am a meat eater. So I want to get that out of the way. I also do my best to support small local farmers. I also hunt when I have the opportunity.

Do you feel that a lot of videos similar to yours that are heavily publicized purposefully forget to mention that this is factory farms that perform these practices, and NOT all meat processors or, worse, farmers?

I have family who work in the farming industry, and take their animals to be harvested at small processors. The animals are treated extremely well until the end. But watching most of these videos, it seems like names are often replaced with blanket terms. So instead of "Smithfield meats does this" it is advertised as "Farmers do this!" or "Meat processors do this!" Instead of showing the more truthful message that this isn't how it's done everywhere, the videos seem to specifically omit names to create a sort of "everyman" out of the industry.

PETA is notorious for this.

I understand that the bulk of Americans get their meat from factory farms (and these videos ARE necessary to prevent abuse), but painting the entire industry with the same brush also hurts those small farmers and meat processors who really do treat animals properly until the end. 




 Dear god someone needs to make sure this is the top post on this thread. Please. Contact your representatives. Get involved. For once congress is doing the right thing!! 




 Always question a woman who can sprint in high heels. 




 I know several cops. Most of them perform the minimum amount of range time required because they'd like to actually spend time with their families when not on the clock. Sure they may visit every now and then to hang out, but it's usually more camaraderie than it is for focused training.

Remember, cops aren't intended to be soldiers, they are intended to be civil servants. Not all of them want to be dirty harry. The problem is when you place someone who hasn't had that much range time or, more importantly, live fire training in a high pressure situation, their trigger fingers can get itchy - hence police racking up over 5000 civilian deaths since 2001, while only 1800 police officers have been KIA. In January of this year, 176 civilians were killed by police in the US alone. That's more than the average number of officers KIA for an entire year. That's why we're seeing sweeping criticisms coming down from the justice department because of how bad training is for cops to deal with those situations.

If we insist on arming cops with firearms (which is the only sensible course since civilians can have guns in the US), they really should require live fire training.

I wonder what ratio of those 5000+ civilians were shot by a cop who was a combat veteran, vs cops who weren't? 




 Everyone is happy until their sweetroll is stolen.
-Skyrim guards 




 So, where would one apply to sling lead down range and shoot poachers in the face? I understand and totally appreciate the approach being taken. It's the right thing to do.

But seriously, shooting poachers in the face sounds like a great way to dissuade them from poaching. 




 Just an advanced warning, do not google "infamous beast" or go on the Infamous wikia wiki site and type "the beast." It automatically redirects you to the identity of the beast, and kind of ruins the surprise.

I was trying to find a picture, and, boom, spoiler. Since it was a disambiguation I didn't even get a spoiler alert. 




 Stop pumping the gas pedal. Wait 30 minutes. Start the car. My Mazda MX3 was from 92 and still had problems with the engine flooding. 




 Didn't they give the vaccine on sugar cubes? Or am I thinking of another disease? 




 We used to call them "knuckle busters" because they had an edge on them that you could bust your knuckles on. 









 Molds are weird. Some science fir you...

If you have a layer of good mold, and a spot of bad mold, the good mold CAN overtake the bad. Or vice versa.

The real problem is that mold spreads through something called "mycelium" which is kind of like a plant's root system, except far more efficient at moving chemicals from point a to point b. That is a big concern. If the bad mold produces any toxins, they can absolutely get picked up by the good mold and transported through most of the mycelial network. 

So even if you cut off "bad mold" the "good mold" may now be toxic. 




 Worth while is really a matter of opinion depending on what OPs goals are. I would assume teaching is a big part of this, and going right to refined bismuth cuts out a lot of good learning opportunity. Yield of product may be less important than yield of knowledge. 




 Can you provide plans or further info? The wife would love this and our current strawberry cultivars are horrid producers 




 I have to agree on this. The majority of AB's stuff is killer. BUT some stuff just hasn't worked out. The original pizza crust from Good Eats is hit or miss (thats why he later redid it on his blog). His salted caramel recipe is honestly not that great, but served as an excellent springboard for me to get into candy making.

They're both good. Usually between AB, Cooks Illustrated/ATK,  and Serious Eats I can create more or less exactly what I want 99% of the time. 




 Does someone want to start a warchest for any potential lawsuit?  If it never happens, we can donate the proceeds to a GLBTQ+ charity or civil rights org.

Also, OP, be VERY careful using any of his old site's branding or design. I would look into getting a lawyer to CYA. 




 If OP just uses facts based on the voting record and sponsored legislation, it isn't violating any laws. 




 A buddy of mine lived in Japan for several years. You are totally correct about their culture, especially so far as work goes, being very uptight, precise, and stressful. However, Japanese folks on the whole are also incredible at cutting loose after the work day ends. Japanese bars are a sight to behold after work. 




 Pretty simple question I hope. I have an extremely long commute to/from work (about 2.5 hours each way). Along the way, just about every day I see several old pieces of furniture on the curb.

After seeing the prices of some hardwood, I can't help but think this would be a great way to get free source materials.

My biggest concern though - pests. For instance, if it's upholstered, there is a chance that it could harbor bed bugs (they're rampant in our area). If I put it in my car, the bed bugs could take up residency there, and from that point it would just be a matter of time until they made it into my house. So, upholstered stuff just isn't worth the risk given that problem.

What about wooden furniture? What kinds of pests could I be bringing into my house if I brought, say, a desk? What mitigation can I do to ensure I don't bring anything unsavory home? 




 Oh my god, I was actually thinking of this last night. And here it is on reddit. /u/Niferwee, get out of my head!! 




 Just want to bolster this. In any time you are dealing with chemical exposure to living things, some are going to be more robust against the chemical than others. This is why in humans, when talking about material safety we refer to it in terms of LD50 (lethal dose for 50% of the people exposed). The same applies across all living things. Those who survive are by definition more robust against that chemical (for one reason or another). If they are capable of reproducing, at least some of their offspring will likely inherit this trait.

This is a textbook case of how evolution works.

See also this article from wikipedia:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antimicrobial_resistance 




 To be clear, I am talking about endgraun like one would see in butcher blocks. It occasionally pops up in electrics, but I haven't seen anything similar for acoustics.

Does the glue and changing hardwoods make a muddy sound? is it overly brittle....?

Just curious. 




 I do remember a ton of Russian/Polish/Moldovan places in Brooklyn  too (I had a ton of friends from Moldova). Great food, but watch out for those expiration dates! :) 




 That's great - but I think you're missing that Acadians WERE French. They were some of the early settlers on North America, and they brought Beignets with them. They then migrated southward where, etymologically speaking, Acadian transformed into "Cajun." So, like I said above, the French can still probably claim Beignets, but just not in mainland France. They're the state food of Loiusiana. Whereas in France... they're just another pastry. The level of emphasis placed on them is considerably different. I'm not saying this out of disrespect to the French culinary tradition, but Cajuns place beignets on a pedestal the French simply don't.

Further, France didn't "invent" them per se. The French beignet, like most carnival doughnuts, is an evolution of the Roman pastry scriblita. 




 You would think that, but check the wikipedia article for beignets - while the french invented them, New Orleans is the place that's famous for them (specifically Cafe du Monde). Heck, just google "beignet" and you'll see what I mean. They're the state food of Louisiana.

And remember - Cajun culture IS French culture, at least originally - Cajun came from ["Acadian"](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acadians), early French immigrants to north america. So technically the French are still the most famous for it, just not from mainland France. 




 This is going to be a long post, sorry! I agree it is most likely a variation. My point is people are going after OP because it isn't "authentic," but this is one of those cases where you really have to question "authentic". Lots of other doughnuts aren't entirely authentic - especially not this style. It's a carnival style doughnut (made with all of the crap you had to clean out of your pantry before lent so you wouldn't get tempted). Just like fasnachts, beignets, kinklings, malasadas, and so on.

So does it match what you'd see all over Poland? Probably not, but that also doesn't mean there isn't a single baker there who doesn't prepare it differently. For example, here's yet another form, pczki serowe from a polish baker, in Poland:

http://sprawdzonakuchnia.pl/wp-content/uploads/ewpt_cache/960x640_50_1_c_FFFFFF_cfe767548249254abeae462fa0b2627d.jpg

That's still Polish pczki but appears completely different. Like I said - all of these pastries are variations on a theme: big fatty pastries that you eat to clean all of the lard and other naughty goods out of your pantry before lent. They show up all over Europe, so I'd expect to see massive numbers of different variations. Just because one family does it different from the norm doesn't really make it incorrect, just different. Most of these doughnut recipes were dictated by what was in the pantry. If one family was incredibly poor they may not have had fruit/cream on hand regularly, and so developed their recipe not having any fruit or cream. If one family was wealthy but still wanted to participate in lent, they may have had to cut the pczki so they could stuff everything from the pantry into them (a la OP). Most families would probably fall somewhere in the middle - stuffed fruit inside of the pastry, matching what most Polish folks are used to (a la the traditional pastry you mentioned). That's how these recipes developed. They're a big festival food that served a specific purpose (cleaning out the pantry) so variations are bound to happen based on all kinds of factors.

The whole "It's right!"/"It's Wrong!" argument in a recipe like this is like arguing there is a set ingredient list for ratatouille. In reality it was a dish made by poor people who made it with whatever they had on hand. Fighting for authenticity is a fool's errand because the ingredient list was determined entirely by what was in the garden.

I agree that there is a common notion of what the pastry should be, but that doesn't mean that other family's recipes for the same pastry are inherently wrong - they might just have a different evolution than the popular one. 




 TIL that most cultures have their own fat tuesday donuts. I have only ever heard of having fasnachts on [Fat Tuesday](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fasnacht_%28doughnut%29) but apparently these guys serve the same purpose for the Polish culture. 

And if the dough is anything like fashachts (which, based on the description it is), it is going to be relatively high in calorie (about 500 calories) - they're made from potato starch water, flour, sugar, milk, egg, salt, yeast and lard, and then deep fried. That is just the dough before you add any kind of filling. In the case of fasnachts, they're usually either served plain, or covered in powdered sugar/sugar glaze/granulated sugar, and often people cut them open and spread molasses/table syrup on them. 




 At my old job, I was lucky to be across the street from a Polish deli. The food was cheap, and incredible. I also noticed that as I went back the portions kept getting bigger and bigger :)

If you are ever near Philadelphia, north Philly has a ton of Russian/Polish neighborhoods that you would love. 




 Relax. Pastries don't always look 100% identical for a number of reasons, and it doesn't always have to do with "legitimacy."

For instance:

[Boston cream donut](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/70/DD-Boston-Cream-Donut.jpg)

[Original style donut](http://www.krispykreme.com/SharedContent/User/32/321a995f-f001-4062-9767-9670b1b13ed1.png)

[Italian zeppole](http://www.olgasflavorfactory.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/Zeppole-3-500x334.jpg)

[Filled italian zeppole](http://stickygooeycreamychewy.com/wp-content/uploads/HLIC/aa9fdd834089b1e79a38413e4e3e8da5.jpg)

[Biegnet in New Orleans](http://hostedmedia.reimanpub.com/TOH/Images/Photos/37/300x300/expsi15704_TH.CW1973175D02_18_1b.jpg)

[Biegnet in Paris](http://voyages.ideoz.fr/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/Berliner-boules-de-berlin-beignet.jpg)

All of these are donuts/zeppole/biegnets. They're just either different family recipes, varieties, or regional interpretations. I mean, New Orleans is supposed to set the standard for beignets, but every time I've been to Paris beignets look extremely dissimilar, and the dish in New Orleans evolved from French Beignets. Both are legitimate. Same goes with the donuts and zeppole. 




 These look like a weird cross between whoopie pies and zeppoli. I approve! 




 You got it!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hou0lU8WMgo 




 Nope, not yet. It's on the "to buy" list. I can borrow one from the father-in-law. My tool set is rather limited right now, though I am looking to expand. Googling router sleds - this could be perfect! I wanted to make a way wider than normal cutting board and 16"+ planers are incredibly expensive. This seems like it would solve that. Thank you! 




 The issue wasn't so much the cost of the wood (I can talk to the wife) - the issue is more that every plan I've found requires a planer, and outside of a cheap one I found at harbor freight for $280, the prices for planers quickly soar. I know I can plane by hand but I'm really concerned about how even I can get it by hand 




 Thanks! I had actually posted something similar on /r/luthier awhile ago and just got rated down. Didn't leave a good first impression, so I figured I would ask here :(

I will definitely look into a workbench! It looks like a really useful first project, and I'm pretty sure it can be assembled without too huge of a spend.
 




 You are *technically* correct, the best kind of correct! 




 Hey everyone.
I really want to begin woodworking, specifically with an eye towards instrument making. However before I start getting into really expensive tonewoods, I want to make sure I have an ok collection of tools and have some experience woodworking under my belt. As the title says, I am a complete newbie. Beyond a pinewood derby car, cutting some crown molding, and shop class in high school, I don't have much experience at all with woodworking. I want to change that.

I had wanted to start by making an end-grain cutting board, but when I saw the price of hardwood (moreso when my wife saw it) there was a very loud lack of enthusiasm. In addition, every plan I've seen required a planer which I don't have. I was looking at the prices of them and it seems like a hefty jump for a first project.

So, can anyone recommend some simple projects for someone who has very few tools and very little experience? I don't mind picking up one tool, so long as it can be purchased reasonably.

I have a 10" miter saw, a table saw, and a jigsaw (outside of the normal tools like hammers/drills/etc). Any advice would be really appreciated. 




 Yeah, ive seen it spelled out as AP cake, or apea cake. We used to have it all the time - I grew up in Oley, near Reading :) 




 This is not only delicious looking, but it is freaking beautiful. The downside is it seems like it would be a bitch to serve. 




 Damn, you are old. Thank god I'm not that old.

Until may.

...damn.

SCREW YOU LITTLE GIRL! 




 What the title says. I grew up in PA dutch land, but for the life of me I can't find a decent apea cake recipe online. My family doesn't really have one. Most of the ones I find online have a ton of extra crap that simply doesn't exist in Amish versions (seriously, they don't use nuts, they don't use raisins, etc). Any family or otherwise decent recipes would be very much appreciated.

For those who aren't familiar, Apea cake is an extremely dense PA Dutch coffee cake.  




 Ive found stevia is good in things that work well with an herbal flavor, like hot tea or herbal soda syrup. Anything where the taste is not herbal, it sticks out like a sore thumb, and not in a good way.

Try it in a cup of coffee, then try it in a cup of tea and you'll see what I mean  




 Demerara (sp?) Sugar is essentially cane juice that had the liquid evaporated. Not all sugar is the same. 




 Lamb and veal. Until I eat them. Then I stop feeling bad.

Also, I catch a train near a large pork processing plant every workday. Being stuck in traffic behind a livestock truck packed full of pigs always keeps me keenly aware of where my meat is coming from and why you really should try to buy from small farmers. 




 Not sure what's going on with this sub lately - people seem to be way more prickish than usual and it's kind of a downer.

Your meal looks killer, and good job for sourcing everything locally. 




 Actually, they are. They're a cold weather crop, just like most brassicas.

 "Full-grown sprouts keep well on the plant in cold weather, making them a great winter harvest item for gardeners in the South (planted in fall). In cold climates, gardeners often bury Brussels sprouts plants up to their tops in hay or leaves in late fall, then pull off the little sprouts as needed through winter."

Source:
http://bonnieplants.com/growing/growing-brussels-sprouts/

[Enlarged duck livers is a side effect of increasing the fat mass of ducks](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schmaltz), so yeah, it can be done sustainably. White pekins breed quite quickly and have an excellent food/mass ratio. 




 Honestly, save up for it. They're amazingly useful. The accuracy is scary - so much that you'll often doubt the readings you see.

Edit: Seriously, wtf is with these rate downs? 




 As an American who desperately wants to get out - yes. 




 First, I'd see if you are near an Indian grocer. A lot of times they have spices in whole form that can then be ground fresh in the home. Whole spices last MUCH longer than ground. Plus at ethnic markets you can buy them in reasonable bulk for a fraction of the price. For instance, instead of buying ground ginger (which could already be a year or more old when you pick it off the shelf so it has very little flavor), go to the indian market, pay a fraction of the price for whole dried ginger and throw it in a spice grinder when you need it.

The same goes with turmeric, dried chilies, cinnamon, black peppercorns, nutmeg, allspice, cloves, etc - there are a bunch available. Just eyeball what you think you'll need and grind up a little more. Grab a few spice containers (or save the ones you have now) to put leftovers in.

You end up paying less for a more stable product that produces superior results. 




 Root parsley is amazing. It's like carrots, celery, and parsley had a 3-way baby. It's definitely worth trying if you can find it. 




 Yeah - a friend of mine is a large produce distributor and he introduced me to them when they received some samples. Basically he told me to imagine being a mad dog licking a battery. It was actually a really good way to describe it. 




 Well, thankfully politicians are going to protect us by maintaining excellent whistleblower laws.

Oh wait. 




 LOL, I actually have several times. I think they're neat, and they're impossible to find in our area. There is an amazing "secret" cocktail served at the Chandalier Bar at the Cosmopolitan in Las Vegas that is centered around them. It's called [the Verbena](http://blogs.kcrw.com/goodfood/2014/03/this-cocktail-actually-alters-your-tastebuds-and-makes-you-a-supertaster/). 




 Ahh, I too have to deal with the non-dairy non-gluten vegetarian challenge every time our friends get together. Here is a personal favorite (recipe based on the 2nd issue of Co-Operative magazine, but with some personal flare). The whole thing takes maybe a half hour with prep.

**Citrus Curd**

* Finely grated zest of 3 citrus fruits (at least 1 lemon)
* Juice of those 3 fruits (again, at least 1 lemon)
* 3 large eggs
* 2 free range egg yolks
* 175g caster sugar (just throw regular sugar into a food processor for 1 minute, don't waste money buying it)
* 100g unsalted butter cut in chunks

**Optional meringue:**

* Reserve the 2 whites from the yolks above
* 100g additional caster sugar
* pinch cream of tartar
* 1.5tsp cornstarch dissolved into 2 tbsp of water

Bring a pot of water to a boil, and grab a large mixing bowl that can be set over top. A double boiler works well too. Whisk together the juice, zest, 175g sugar, eggs, and yolks and place the double boiler/bowl over the boiling water, making sure it is not in contact with the water. Add the butter and keep whisking. Once the butter has melted, keep stirring until thickened (the specific term you are looking for here is nappe, when the curd can coat the back of a spoon, and when you can see trails where the whisk has been). This should be about 175 to 180 (do NOT go beyond that).

Use your eyes and see if there are any chunks of curdled eggs. If so, strain through a sieve. Serve into single serving ramekins or cups. Allow to cool. 

**Optional:** Before serving, whisk the reserved eggwhites with the cornstarch slurry and a pinch of cream of tartar until they are at soft peaks (cornstarch will prevent the meringue from sweating if it sits out for awhile). Add the remaining 100g of caster sugar slowly while whisking. Bring to stiff peaks. Place a dollop on top of the curd and and hit with a blowtorch to brown the meringue. Be really careful if doing this in plastic serving dishes. It may also be a good idea to use pasteurized eggs if you take this route. 




 Scale. Kitchenaid stand mixer. Thermapen. Bread machine. Induction cooktop. Food processor.

The scale and induction cooktop are must haves, the rest just make life faster and easier  




 Cooking is just a set of simple techniques you combine. There are very few "single use" techniques out there.

Also, there are no set ingredients on provincial food. Poor people used what they had. Don't worry about "authentic" ingredients because poor people didn't usually have the luxury of being choosy. Trying to be authentic usually makes dishes inauthentic. 




 Chickpea tuna salad. Mash up canned chickpeas with a potato masher or fork. Treat like tuna and make "tuna salad". Serve on pitas or rolls. 




 Hey everyone. I am growing these in the garden for the first time this year (my garden is going fallow for a year to get rid of some pest infestations and give some fungal problems a year to die away).

I fully expect to have a ton of the buttons on hand - I'm sowing a ton of seeds. However I can find very little on how to store the buttons for the long term.

Can they be dried? Can I freeze them?

I will probably xpost this in /r/gardening because it kind of straddles discussion about gardening and how to store an ingredient. 




 Eh, not my thing but if it gets a few more folks to make music, why not.

Sure it's lazy, but I can see some folks being interested if they have muscle problems or just lack the confidence. 




 One does not simply.... see what a helicopter can do. 




 Thank you so much, you've been a big help! 

After more research, I am thinking of picking up some cheap "project" or otherwise broken guitars on ebay to get started. I figure it will let me know the lay of the land, and I can start to build up the tools organically as I fix things. Maybe I can even make a few bucks once I get better at it.

Again, thank you a lot. 




 No idea :( 




 Ordered on the 13th of January, ship date is between May 27th and July 2nd.

After getting frustrated by reading people who placed their orders a week ago get ship dates a month sooner than me, I called amazon to find out what was going on. Apparently their order systems are overloaded and aren't really built to handle this sort of massive backorder. They're working to resolve it, but if you ordered in the past 2 weeks your shipping time may be off quite a bit. 




 Groovy! At the very least, it'll make the bottom drop out on the SEK-2000 kits :) 




 Hey everyone. I really want to take a stab at a kit guitar to get started. I've been looking at Blues Creek guitar kits, and they seem to have fantastic support.

I know I need to get some hand tools, but the one thing I am most concerned about is either buying or building a binding jig. Is this necessary? I'm trying to make my first build as affordable as possible because there's a good chance I'll cock it up somehow :)

Are there any other required tools that I really need to get started? I know i need to get a jigsaw - I have a tablesaw to build some of the jigs if necessary (even if they won't be beautiful). 




 I ordered mine on January 12th, and was given an estimate of May 27th to July 2nd. Wtf. 




 First, I'll probably get rated down for this, but frankly my karma is skyhigh and I really don't care.

Is anyone else a bit frustrated with how this rollout is going? I ordered as soon as I realized an invite was available to me (it went into my spam bucket for a few days), and was given an estimate of May 27th to July 2nd. Now, I see posts [like this](http://www.reddit.com/r/amazonecho/comments/2ygdx9/question_about_wait_time_for_echo_invite/) that show an estimate from May 20th to June 15th. I placed my order on January 12th. Why the hell is a user who ordered a week ago receiving a unit ahead of me?

Last night there was a post that Amazon is [making refurb units available](http://www.reddit.com/r/amazonecho/comments/2zn7s4/fyi_refurbished_units_are_available_for/) but there are still tons of users who haven't even gotten new units yet.

If they have refurb units available, why aren't they making it an option for users who have been waiting for months now? Especially when they're going to let new buyers seemingly get bumped to the head of the line.

On top of it, when I and another user "dared" to comment on that thread about how it was frustrating, we both got downvoted to hell.

This rollout is incredibly frustrating, and it seems like people on this sub are perfectly happy to downvote anyone who mentions it. 




 Not to threadjack, but did he mention anything about 2012 sets? Sammy promised 4 years of updates, and 5 years of support. So far the only specs I've seen on the SEK-3000 are that it supports f-series and higher. I have a 51" e7000 and can't find much of anything about it. 




 I wonder how it would fare in conjunction with chamomile? 




 Trey and Matt got tired of it, thats why they started southparkstudios.com so you can watch the series for free. 




 Good. Fark them and any other idiots who think that suing the people who support you is a good idea. 




 Alone in the world is a little catdog :( 




 Yup, its open to all. They will ask if you have a business or if its for personal use. They are literally next door to another store called restaurant depot that requires an affiliation. Guess which one usually has a full parking lot :) because it gets them lots of business, I dont think they have any plans to change.

I go there to get stuff like trays, cooling racks, bone cleavers and other knives that are meant to get beat to hell, pizza peels, graduated food storage containers, etc.

About 3/4ths of the place is equipment, 1/4th is canned goods, mixes, yeasts, etc. 




 Kinda frustrating that they have refurb stock when I am still backordered from late may to late july.  




 Dear OP, I'm guessing you're across the world from me, but if I am ever in the same country would you mind giving me a ride? I'll pay for fuel and help you with the preflight checklist. I love flying. I especially love flying like this. 




 Yeah, that's basically how it tastes. It's an interesting cheese because unlike most other cheeses that are made from curd, gjetost is made by simmering leftover whey down for hours until it turns to sludge. The caramel flavor and sweetness comes from the whey caramelizing. It should be sliced really thin. It goes great on crackers or with toast for breakfast, but I'm a cheese geek, lol.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brunost 




 Hmm... well... what has he been most interested in? Is he looking for recipes, or science, or techniques? "The Professional Chef" from the CIA is a killer book if he's interested in learning techniques along with recipes.

If you don't have it, see if you can get a copy of the Fannie Farmer Cookbook (or if you're really lucky, a copy of the Boston School of Cooking Cookbook - they're the same thing, but the Boston one is the much older name).

Another thing you could try - see if there are any library or charity book sales in the area. A lot of times you can find tons of cookbooks for cheap - you can grab a bunch and see if any tickle his fancy. 




 Google "donburi" and go wild. They're fantastic dishes that are entirely centered around rice. Usually, it's rice with some kind of enchanting broth or gravy poured over it.

Also, learn to cook some Indian food :) 




 It sounds like you're talking about gjetost, and I've never heard of someone not liking it before. That's sad :( 




 obligatory
http://www.quickmeme.com/img/c4/c4cb618674597b62f6c5069d6d78117ac72140dd022a30b7cdd23feb2ac7c966.jpg 




 Mama mia!

Seriously though, it goes excellent in soup. Make some chicken broth and bring it to a simmer. Slice escarole into 1/4 inch strips and add into broth (you can also wilt it in another pan, but meh to extra dishes). Season with salt and pepper.

If you want to go really fancy, you can add some pasta, chunk up some parmesean/ramano rinds, and small parbroiled meatballs (place them under a broiler for about 1-2 minutes, not long) to your soup. You'll have essentially created a very simple italian wedding soup. 




 Your recipe seems correct. However you are missing one last step - you have to "fluff" couscous after you have cooked it. Take a fork (or rice paddle) or two and start to toss it around in the bowl and then transfer to another container. 

If it seems really dry, you can boil more liquid and pour it into the couscous and re-cover for a few more minutes. Then fluff again. This becomes important when you're making really large amounts of it (like if you are using it to stuff a crown rack or something) because the ratios get weird.

It's really easy stuff to work with. Try not to overthink it :) 




 Depends how it's been made. If it's fairly plain, I'd say, mash it up add an egg or two, a tbsp or two of milk, and 2 slices of white bread that are ground up (you may need to adjust this). Shape into disks and fry. Improvised latkes. Serve with sour cream.

Or trade it to some of your college buddies in exchange for beer. Then drink the beer. 




 It's also great for other college activities. Going camping for the weekend? Bring your skillet. The best part about cast iron is the damn things are nigh indestructible. 




 If you are near northern NJ, the Allentown/Bethlehem/Easton PA area has a chain called "The Restaurant Store" that doesn't require an affiliation. Should be about an hour and a half from you. I'm lucky to live about 10 minutes away.

http://www.therestaurantstore.com/

It's worth the trip if you want to stock up on stuff. 




 Another reason you missed - you can't put nonstick cookware in dishwashers. Most decent sized kitchens will have industrial dishwashers these days. 




 Cast iron. It doubles as a weapon that can be used in self-defense. 




 *twitch* 




 You slap him and take it back. Knife abuse is not allowed on /r/cooking. 




 Yup, this is pretty much all you need to do. Usually I do this after using my ice cream maker anyway (because my kitchenaid mixer ice cream maker sucks and I really miss my old donvier handcrank one).

Usually I make it first thing in the morning, and set a timer every 30 minutes. When it goes off, scrape it up and stir it. Repeat until it's a nice smooth texture. Your goal is to prevent large ice crystals from forming. 




 I'd pick up the Good Eats series for him. If he already has it, pick out a few of the Americas Test Kitchen/Cook's Illustrated/Cook's Country season cook books. 




 Interesting, I'll take a look.
Honestly, a lot of it comes down to semantic arguments. There were gas chambers. They were used. People were gassed to death. Whether it was carbon monoxide or HCN, it doesn't really matter. Fact is, folks were murdered en masse.

Edit: Interesting - it looks like both were used. Auschwitz/Birkenau used HCN, most of the others used exhaust. I guess it really supports the reputation of auschwitz being a death factory :( 




