 I swear to god they do that shit on purpose. Oh let's wait to run shit through until hey you're overdrawn! 
bank of america pulled that shit so many times I finally closed my account 




 aw, man!
I was guessing you were going to find out the tights were really for him. lol 




 soooo pretty!!
 




 jesus christ, what all did she order?
 




 Agreed. House ring 




  My abusive ex had her pick out my ring before and she actually fussed at me for ending the relationship after he assaulted me sexually badly enough to warrant an ER visit. She said I was "ruining the ring" and I didn't deserve it. Lol. 



PLEASE tell me you cut contact with her after that. jesus christ. 




 honestly I like the first ring better lol

also a female electrician? that is awesome.

And finally your mother needs to mind her own damn business. 




 I didn't really like anything this month so I skipped. AGAIN.
 




 lol my grandmother was half Lakota Sioux and SHE had facial hair ! My mother and I have to pluck our chin hairs. 

My husband claims that 100% "pure blood" Native Americans have no facial hair. I've tried arguing that almost no one is "100%" anything but I digress. It appears to be a common stereotype, just one I never heard before him. 




 I have not heard of any blood moon lore.
They did believe in skinwalkers however, which is pretty cool. 




 Some cultures have multiple husbands as well.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polyandry 




 kinky 




 That's a really good idea. I wish my husband would do this! 




 I would rather my husband jerk off to my picture than porn anyday! 




 then there are the girls who flirt with the gm for gear..... 




 Dammit I need one of these for cats 




 how long does it take them to ship? 




 Agree, if he truly loved you he would be able to deal with you no matter how fucked up emotionally you are.  I have some really shitty depression/anger issues and my husband could have decided he was in over his head and I would have understood but I guess the good outweighs the bad for him and he is able to deal with it. 




 CALL HR. That is not acceptable. 




 I think it was more like usps probably tossed it around. We ate the pieces so I wasn't worried about it but probably not going to subscribe again 




 that's what she said 




 Or you know the child could get stuck and you'd have to call 911 and get an ambulance and fire dept out there to save your kid for letting them do something stupid and possibly harmful. 




 jesus christ 




 I cancelled mine after the first box because everything was broken :(

The candy and pocky were in a million pieces 




 I don't know if I'm about to start my period or if my body just hates me 




 goddammit! mine is throbbing and I didn't even have sex :( 




 "Be a good boy"

What the fuck does she think you're a dog?! That's infuriating 




 poor chicks 




 or the police. we have a lost child!  




 And bears, I hope :) 




 Ok well as a woman I can say with some measure of expertise that most women I know need at least 20 minutes to get off.

But you are correct there is a majority of women who can't get off from PIV 




 "I've never made her cum from sex and last ~7 minutes every time, at the longest"

That's your problem right there.
Obviously there's nothing in it for her so why would she want to have sex? 




 holy crap these are a work of art! 




 most important thing- does it have a dungeon? 




 To protect yourself from... cows? 




 I went with minimum required coverage. To save money.
BAM uninsured motorist hit my parked car.
Because I didn't pay the uninsured motorist coverage there was nothing I could do.

The worst part is we called the guy's insurance company and they said he WAS covered only to find out two days later he wasn't. His insurance company wouldn't do shit, my insurance company wouldn't do shit, and it was too late to call the cops.

The good news is the guy is in jail now for a string of like 12 burglaries in the area.  
 




 Assuming they are too poor to move. 




 First of all, this was not a stranger. It was her ex-boyfriend who had already sent her to the hospital. At that point I would file a restraining order and buy a gun or call a women's shelter/move so he couldn't find me in the first place. 




 That's so horrible :( 




 That is crazy! I thought American doctors were money hungry but this is like 1000x worse! 




 damn I want to hire him to make my wedding invitations 




 can I just get the good ones? 




 .... so it's basically a prescription racket? 




 ok I call bullshit, are those even letters? 




 my obgyn is horrible at this. cvs had to call the nurse to figure out what the hell the rx was for.... 




 Thanks so much! Great seller- Glad I could help you raise money for a great cause! Love my items! 




 Texans and New Yorkers are tied imo.... 




 oh wow, she is gorgeous! with or without makeup! 




 lol what is that exactly white clown makeup + blood? 




 Absolutely they either need to fire her or call the police because blocking up your store phone is not acceptable. 




 I'd be afraid to sit down in those. 




 some asshole tried to sign their name on our credit card machine with an actual pen. *facepalm* 




 see I see everyone else get amazing boxes and I always end up with punishment boxes !
that's why I keep cancelling and then resubscribing only to be disappointed again :( 




 oh wow you got a REALLY good box!
I've been wanting the paula's choice and the balm apples.
 




 yea I can't imagine wearing these long term 




 I've seen panties with pearl thongs going up your ass crack but never in the front... 




 Yea, birchbox is having major shipping issues as well 




 I'm actually on it for pcos. I don't get normal periods unless I'm on birth control. If I got pregnant at this point it would be a miracle and I'd be happy lol. 




 this is called lane skiing and I used to see it every day on 635 




 typical texas driver....
I've seen people make a right hand turn from the left lane. 




 wanted to mention that I had no "purge" with the 2% bha gel but YMMV 




 I have been using the 2% bha gel with good results. The liquid burned my sensitive skin too much, and I haven't tried the lotion 




 benzoyl peroxide and birth control are the only things that work for my hormonal acne :( 




 It may be a fetish. I like gangbang stuff, tentacles, etc.
To others it may be fucked up but whatever, it gets me off. 




 not at all. 




 Some women tend to do it a lot, others don't. I would try g spot stimulation and a hitachi magic wand. 




 gahhh this is too much work 




 Lol I thought he was supposed to be in exile from human society... 




 lol my cat likes to play with wadded up receipts.
 




 I'm going to go with feminists for $5000, Alex 




 how about $20 plus s h?
BTW the eyeliner is empty, it broke :( 




 Any idea what the shipping rate would be? I've never shipped to canada before lol 




 Caramel apple 




 Fill up on vegetables/fruits. Drink a lot of water and have healthy snacks prepared that way when you snack you have a better substitute on hand. Don't buy junk food/keep it in the house

Of course at work it's harder, especially when everyone is ordering fast food/take out.   




 I love when kids come in the store. 99% of the time they make my day 




 oh wow, even better! *high fives* 




 Yes your sil is a horrible person to say that. she has no idea what you've gone through/are still going through. :( 




 mmmmm you guys have good donuts 




 We have kids that run behind our counter. Their parents say they're going to leave them there and we threaten to put them to work. One day a mom threatened to lock her son in a storage unit. I wasn't sure if she was joking lol 




 yea this is a joke 




 holy crap dude I would buy that. 




 yea too much paperwork lol 




 Snow is the name in the north for bastards
Like "Flowers" is the name for bastards in highgarden
there are a few others but I can't remember right now 




 let me guess, gluten free bs? 




 "Well you better call an ambulance, because I have high blood pressure!"

Oh I would have called them. She was obviously being a drama queen. I bet she would have freaked out and peed her pants once she realized you were actually dialing 911. 




 lol do not test on animals 




 Especially when I need you to pay attention to and answer important questions regarding payment, insurance, phone numbers, etc. 




 And I know he would have been pissed off at OP if his order had been messed up because he wasn't paying attention because he was too busy talking on the phone to tell OP what toppings/condiments he wanted. I actually thought that was what was going to happen.  




 hmmm this post makes me want a cherry limeade.... 




 My money is on the overweight one.
I knew this girl in 5th grade that smelled like onions. She was large. I still don't know why she smelled that way. 




 fuck your snacks
GIVE ME MONEY 




 This old dude with  lung cancer came in and started flirting with me (not too creepy, he was winking and stuff lol). I was so sad when he started talking about his cancer, he was a really nice old man 




 for fuck's sake. buy both cat toys.
take them home. ask the cat.
return the one he doesn't like.

so simple 




 lol I wouldn't shop at a store that SOLD STALE FOOD 




 I do this too. I will wait for you to hang the hell up then pretend I suddenly just noticed your presence. 




 "I look at the coupon, look at him, then take my pen and underline, circle, and draw arrows pointing to the "not valid on" disclaimer"


Should have highlighted it. For emphasis :) 




 So she wanted her hair "did" but then decided she wanted ice cream too? 




 It wasn't even valuable medicine, it was medication for Alzheimer's, no painkillers or Adderall or anything.


WHY 




 how about the Kiss Nail Dress - Floral print ?

Thanks :) 




 we got a complaint on our review site for "theft of services"

Dude didn't pay his storage bill and his stuff got auctioned.
of course that's our fault. 




 Hey I am interested in the Juara Candlenut body cream - sample

the Angel bare escentuals

and Be A Bombshell lip crayon - Hot Damn
Thanks! 




 OMG WHERE IS PART 3 




 every time I am nauseous my husband goes "Well maybe you're pregnant!"  

Not funny. 




 awwww the alot is so cute 




