 This song is the best original song by a Queen besides Ru's IMO, excluding Willam's because they're parodies.   




 omg i totally forgot about the word blooper 




 I want Harry as an auror, perhaps some new big baddie is emerging... Maybe Voldemort could return? If J.K. decides to do it, it'll be good. I have no doubts.  




 I was always disappointed that they didn't reveal who the marauders were, I always thought the twist reveals at the end of PoA were amazing, I couldn't believe how they left so many out of the film. 

I also would have loved to see Dobby and Winky in Goblet of Fire, as well as the Sphynx. 

I would have loved to have seen Wormtail have his hand choke himself to death.

Peeves. 

I always wish they would have included Nearly Headless Nick's birthday in CoS. 

And my biggest pet peeve with the movies is when Snape just shushes Harry before he goes up to kill him. In the book, Harry's under the invisibility cloak and is completely immobile, he would never have just let Snape shush him, he would have fought right away. Plus, it's so much more dramatic with Harry wanting to fight but not being able to... And when you find out it was Dumbledore's plan it just makes that moment so intense for me. One of my favorite moments in the books, devastating, but riveting. The movie's version was pretty lame compared to the book.  




 do you go to beverly? 




 pretty sure it was 




 Terrifying.  









 it looks like shes saying "put ur hands" 




 I love how some people on nofap are all like OMG I JUST REALIZED WOMEN ARE PEOPLE TOO BECAUSE I STOPPED MASTERBATING.  




 I saw him walking down the street once, he was golder than the fucking sun. Guy is obsessed with looking tan. I never watched west wing, but Social Network and Newsroom are fucking shitty and pretentious.  




 God, this show is for pseudo intellectuals. Hate it.  




 I LOVE JOAN NOW. "Don't get so FUCKIN' smart." 




 Wow. Love it.  









 Did he also buy your meth? 




 Some of those characters look nothing like anything in the hebrew alphabet.  




 LOL 




 video = awesome. song = oh god.  




 Great to hear! Hope you enjoy! 




 So... I start off by slicing the mushrooms into little slices and chopping the onions up to the size I want. I then take a pan and spray some organic olive oil spray, I use spectrum, but there are many brands. I usually have it at a high heat at first, then bring it down and up according to what else I'm doing in the kitchen. I put the mushrooms and onions in. I let them cook, sometimes with a lid, sometimes not, depends on how fast they're cooking, the onions seem to dry up before the mushrooms, so I usually put a lid after a minute for 3 -4 minutes, then take it off so they dry up a little. Then once they're all brown and a little burnt (I like them like that), I put a new pan on the stove, put the onions and mushrooms on after giving it another spray, then add the egg whites and broccoli and voila.  




 I don't really like Dylan McDermott but I always thought Booker looked just like him.  









 purple? 




 Filet mignon is really lean. It's less than 280, theres about 50 calories from the onions and mushrooms. 

edit: nvm, i guess i'm wrong. some sites told me one thing, and others are now saying another.... i'm assuming it's somewhere between 400 - 700 calories. sorry. i''m still new to this.  




 Be careful of carbs!!! I know how it feels to lose a bunch of weight really fast just to find when I go back to having even the tiniest amount of carbs I end up binging for days. ANYWAYS YOU ROCK! 




 15 miles?! Shit man! You rock! 









 I just started making fart noises with my mouth. I stopped and said sorry, then it happened again.  




 You're crazy to think girls never ever hit on guys. Just cause it hasn't happened to you doesn't mean girls try to get guys attention.  




 some people aren't on reddit 24/7. 




 I showed this to my Dad and he got really disturbed and started saying the guy was a pedophile... I kind of see it.  




 Thank god.. I was WTFing way too hard.  




 I would like to see this film. 




 I think this guy just beat John Sakars. 




 hey, i deleted this because i dont know why this took so long to show up but i reposted it and it appeared... you can find it on the front page of this subreddit.  




 L M A O 




 All I can think of is Vice City.  




 How'd you keep the fish from going bad?
 




 tell us more please 




 Looks like some Doctor Who shit.  




 ah... upvote for you 




 I felt like this a little during season 2 when she was bitching and moaning about little shit, but towards the end I really sympathize and feel bad for her. I, did however, kind of hate the actress when season 4 started cause she looked like she gained 20 pounds in what was supposed to be 24 hours. I got over it though.  




 I mean, that's what I thought, but it wasn't explicit. But it's definitely what I thought. I even think the actor alluded to it once in an interview I saw.  




 what is this from? it's awesome 




 huh 









 wtf 




 I really think Frank wanted Russo to be Governor but then Claire fucked it up when she met with those two senators and told them to vote against the bill. That's when Frank needed to intervene.  




 I wasn't trying to undermine him, I wanted to know about his experience. All i got was he got 100 days. Id like to hear how his life is different.  




 oh god i gotta see this movie that shit is SCARE E!!!! 




 I love the elizabeth pic but am I the only one who doesn't like the icons in ios7? they looks like some google bullshit. i love my glossy icons on my phone.  




 and? 




 i want one... too cuteeee 




 stop 




 except that he is... http://cdn02.cdn.justjared.com/wp-content/uploads/headlines/2008/08/kevin-spacey-butt.jpg 




 I was just discussing this with a friend and he didn't read the scenes at the academy the way I did. I really felt that the dialogue was alluding to some sort of sexual history between Frank and his pal. "Pleasing you" and "Yeah, but have you got somebody special?" and the "Come chill and let's go boating alone wink wink", really made me feel Frank was either gay or at least bisexual. The friend seemed to have some hardcore longing for Frank, and Frank, seemed too intensely into his job to even be willing to put something as dumb as lust before his career. As we know we haven't had many if any openly gay politicians in high places. I really liked it and I don't care if it comes back or not, but I was wondering if any of you read it that way too. My friend was kind of convinced after I told him and he said "Oh, maybe Zoe will uncover it or something" which could be interesting. What do you guys think? 




 Nah, I feel like, if he's producer it's still a higher quality comedy. At least ever since Knocked Up. They're still his films.  




 This would be an awesome way to start a Mario game.  




 It's got some nice cinematography, great comedic acting, a great script, nice music, good themes. It's quite a step above from your typical everyday comedies. As most of Judd Apatow's films are, but this one is still my favorite. I was also a big fan of This is the End. Including this with Pineapple Express and it's like a spiritual trilogy about best friends.  




 shaunie who smokes duh 




 I love you.  




 this topic is over 2 months old 









 I love it, but can I also get a link to the original outer space pic? 




 Oh, god, I hope Saul is okay.  




 Upvote for Harry Potter.  




 Kate has been excellent in HoC.  




 I like that Jim and Claire "tell each other everything", or basically, they fuck other people to use them slash get ahead. They're really hardcore.  




 How many calories do you think it is? It looks tasty.  




 It's weird but I feel like it would be a just as appropriate title. I haven't watched Game of Thrones yet, I'm still reading the first book, but when I was watching House of Cards I kept saying to myself, wow, Game of Thrones is so good. I feel like it could have easily been called Game of Thrones, but I feel House of Cards will be the best title once shit hits the fan, which I'm assuming it will.  




 I'm pretty sure it was Call of Duty.  




 He was always a pawn to me. He was never great, not a hero. His run for governor was all at the demand of Frank. Russo was just easy to control.  




 Definitely. I think he just played the cards he had. Murder was not plan a, b, or c, in my thinking. I think, it just occurred to him how easy it would be and he had to seize the opportunity literally moments before he did it. After the drunken interview Russo was too much of a liability for Frank's reputation and was becoming a pest with his threatening to come clean about everything.  




 Read this topic.  




 Did anybody read the word LOVE in there? Cause I certainly do.  




 I wanna see the movie.  




 Doin' evil. Lookin' cute.  




 John! He's not claiming it as his own. AND WE LOVE YOU ON REDDIT! JOHN SAKARS 2016!!! Or whenever Canada does that shit. I LOVE YOU!!!! 




 I mean.. I'm not sure if I get her point... I mean... She could easily keep all her jobs if she was hypothetically sending pussy pics to some random person on her phone under an alias? As long as it wasn't to a student or other employee... Am I wrong? 




 Jiffy! 01:28-01:29 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPmEDNDnsG0 




 Balls @ 1:28 :) 




 Why does everyone hate them so much? Honey Boo Boo always makes me laugh out loud. She's so cuteeee.  




 I read this earlier today when I was in a place where fapping was not a viable option, and it resonated more and more through out the day... I guess, I technically have 20 hours now... I'm not gonna wait till Monday now. I was in some social scenarios today and I wish I was more on my a-game. Thanks for the wise words.  




 stfu, chucky is awesome 




 STFU CHUCKY IS AWESOME 




 I don't care about the characters. Like. The series finale was all about the characters. I care about the plot twists and magic.  




 can they please fix the final season please? 




 Well Russo being from the same state as the VP was luck.  




 What a story, Mark! 




 Get over it.  




 I'm gonna rewatch it later... Thanks. I think it was kind of like, hey, look, I have some power, but it isn't really accomplishing anything, and could make him look like a fool... But actually, I kind of like it...  




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skgrFTu6KTI 




 In Glendale, California there are luxury apartments in a mall. People sit on their balconies, living their lives, with their epic views of people buying shit. Always makes me WTF. You can kind of tell in this photo. On the weekends this place is PACKED. 

http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_lTgMRVHZz98/TOiWIEZd7fI/AAAAAAAAAAU/vNkYEwoF_OU/s1600/DSC00811.JPG 









 I get that. I just don't see how SanCorp can afford to seize enough property to affect Tusk if they're not as powerful A, and B, if Tusk becomes VP, they're still going to own nuclear companies... The more I think about it I get it's in SanCorps interest to derail Tusk becoming VP, it's just, how. I guess buying some of his companies makes sense to make him make sure things dont go into a blind trust...  




 I think what I'm a little gray about is what Underwood wants SanCorp to think they're gaining by overtaking these subsidiaries? Stopping Tusk, controlling Tusk (would that do that?)? It just sounded like a waste of money for SanCorp and a desperate plea from Underwood who isn't really one to beg, and is now, all of a sudden on SanCorp's side.  




  Underwood tries to get Danton to convince SanCorp to initiate a hostile takeover of the subsidiaries of Tusk's nuclear organisations.

That part, how / why would SanCorp seize Tusk's property if they're separate corporate entities? And substantially smaller than Tusk's business? And why would Remy have SanCorp seize these subsidaries all for the benefit of what? To have leverage over Tusk if he becomes VP? Perhaps that's it. Or perhaps to block him from becoming VP...? 




 Well, I recently lost 20 days.... Chaser effect.... But anyway.... I've been a lot more content than I was before... With my fapping that is. Anybody experience that? I have been fapping too much though. I plan on resetting on monday and trying to go on another streak till I get some good sex.  




 I miss the old myspace. Still better than facebook piece of shit. My fucking mom is on facebook. I will rue the day she's on reddit.  




 Michael Phelps was amazing.  




 I love him. 




 I think the VP thing was just blind luck. At the time of the DUI he wasn't thinking he would be able to get Russo to run for Governor and then kill him and get the Vice President to run in his place to secure the democrat majority in the house and then become the new Vice President. Maybe, in a crazy, 15th possibility of the events that were possible when he found out about the DUI, but at the time of it he just needed somebody who would do anything for him. He was mad about things early into the Presidency, needed to show he has power by having control over major events, and by the end of the season, luck had it that he was able to orchestrate such a big power play that he ends up in an even better position than Secretary of State.  




 How was it that Frank envisioned SanCorp going after Tusk's nuclear company? That part I wanted to understand a little better.  




 I like your reading of it, it could also be symbolic of Frank hurting Claire's cause with the clean water program. She's just his tool, he could care less of her ambitions, it's all about his.  




 In the Weiner age would it even matter? 




 I do. It really makes me realize how great the show is when I can love Francis, but at the same time see what a monster he is. At times I want him to succeed, but in the end I want to see the House of Cards fall. Not for moral reasons but for entertainment. Maybe he'll be President or something. Would be epiccccc.  




 I literally read this in Frank's voice. Not purposely, it just sounded exactly like something Frank would say.  




 Yeah, I noticed that too. Also, it seemed like he was playing the same game on two different systems. I dunno... Really nitpicky cause everything was so great.  




 So true. 

Another moment that made me yell at the screen was when Claire met with Remy against Frank's wishes. I just kept saying. "You bitch! You whore! You fucking bitch!!!!" 




 Dat look of euphoria.  




 WTF 




 That is literally the scariest thing I've ever seen.  




 Contender for ugliest dog ever.  




 Flower and dragon were the best. The blue bionic dog was just shameful.  









 I love her book which can be found in the greatest people section of your local bookstore. 









 WTF just happened?
 




 What??? 




 Samesies.  




 But why?? And where is Homer???

EDIT: Found homer, as well as bert and ernie: http://vaviper.blogspot.com/2013/07/dog-pictures-du-jour-poodle-trimmed-and.html 




 Same! 




 I need more Eric The Midget / Actor in my life. Seriously. 




 Sounds pretty agnostics, turds.  




 Hahaha I met them and I asked Elizabeth before she found out Booker was her Dad if she thought they were gonna hook up. Good times.  




 what about all stars seaosn 2 what the fuck 
 




