 Nice. Don't think I'd heard this version before. 









 Thank you. It'll serve for my purposes. 




 http://connection.ebscohost.com/c/articles/16569497/dickens-crime-literacy 




 Sod's Law 




 Lion

Luminary

Has a genius for... 




 Good blog. Very lucid. 




 Let us hope it is not followed by an [extraordinary rendition](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extraordinary_rendition). 




 What is your method? 




 Are you currently reading a book? 




 Why had you been going? 




 Have you ever heard of Rosetta Stone software? 




 Where are you? 









 Second apostrophe in title is misplaced. 




 ...Alienation and reification are the two ideas most commonly
associated with critical theory. The former is usually identified
with the psychological effects of exploitation and the division of
labor, and the latter with how people are treated instrumentally, as
things, through concepts that have been ripped from their
historical context. Pioneering studies of alienation and reification
had already been undertaken by Western Marxists during the
1920s, but the Frankfurt School provided a unique sense of how
these complex categories impacted upon individuals in advanced
industrial society.

They investigated the ways in which thinking was being reduced
to mechanical notions of what is operative and profitable, ethical
reflection was tending to vanish, and aesthetic enjoyment was
becoming more standardized. Critical theorists noted with alarm
how interpreting modern society was becoming ever more
difficult. Alienation and reification were thus analyzed in terms of
how they imperiled the exercise of subjectivity, robbed the world
of meaning and purpose, and turned the individual into a cog in
the machine.

Auschwitz was seen as incarnating the most radical implications
of alienation and reification. It was the watershed event that
shattered optimistic assumptions about progress even more
radically than the Lisbon earthquake did during the eighteenth
century. With images of the Nazi concentration camps still fresh,
Hiroshima and Nagasaki destroyed, new reports emerging about
the Soviet Gulag, and McCarthyism on the rise in the United
States, it appeared to the Frankfurt School as if Western
civilization had generated not human development but an
unparalleled barbarism. They knew that something more was
required from radical thought than the usual stale critique of
capitalism....

----------------

Stephen Eric Bronner, 'Critical Theory: A Very Short Introduction' (2011; Oxford University Press), pp.4-5.
 




 Does the content of this video - [A video answering Yashiko's questions](http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=480_1270066077) - change your weltanschauung?  









 Dear Leo,

I still await with palpitating eagerness the 18-page letter that you have promised me. I imagine that it will be something in the nature of an epica soul-exposing, world-defying human documentand I am asking in advance for the publication rights in Boston. Upon receiving your MS I will Fanny Butcher it something like this:

"Leo Adams, a small town boy who made good in Chicago and went to New York to let his hair down has just aroused the interest (to say nothing of the passions) of his contemporaries with one of the boldest American literary efforts since Eddie Guest he could write poetry. His story will live in the anals of literature.

"Working with a modern metre, a Washington Square setting and a limited vocabulary, he carries us back to the daze of Greece when Socrates went blind with passion at the sight of the limbs of a youth and when all a young boy had to do to be successful was to get under a good man and work his way up.

"Though sadly hampered by the English language's notorious lack of synonyms for the capital "I", Mr. Adams reinforces his style with the sincerity of his belief in himself and savors it with a sensuality so austere that one is led to believe that he himself is more staid than stayed with.

"His purple interludes are at once reminiscent of Oscar Wilde and Frank Harris. He is not, of course as Wilde as Oscar but neither is he, on the other hand, as Frank as Harris, though if sufficiently Harrised he might go Wilde.

"If left alone, this young man will go far but we doubt if he will find his way back." 




 Smoldering...

I know it's bad for you... 

But, this is when I wish, 

I had a cigarette- 

something I've never tried- (light up)

some kind of relief..

I wish it was Italy 40 years ago-- 

The moon rising over the Amphitheater-- 

to tremendous applause... like Herzog (clap)

Europeans don't seem to care about silly

smoking laws?, 

We do what we want anyway - 

behind closed doors-- 

Our true character, collective complexities. 

childish activities -

patterns- genetics? Attention deficit-

 ...SEX ... a lost art-- a sickness-- 

Perversions- 

Lost sensuality - 

The cruel smell of orange blossoms...

I love being in love-- but expectations, 

make it impossible to be happy- 

or satisfied...

I've tried... so hard.. 

maybe it's not in fashion-- 

Tradition...just seemed so romantic..., 

I guess it's a used up ideal --

for the old fashion...

not modern...

Female security... lost-

no way-- 

Coded, and loaded Cell phones, 

Computers -- 

Ordering sex on line- 

is like ordering a book on Amazon-- 

and ... snooping eats you alive-- 

A mirrored action. obsessive love...

unhealthy,

hopeless- knocked sideways-- 

There is always this feeling - 

of discontent-- 

Like something is off...

I can't put my finger on why--

Who wants to be the Warden-- 

I want out of here-- out of this time --

in space-- 

Grey, muted crystals, 

from unsavory places-

bad intentions, 

dull- no fire-- a secret life -

Laying in my hotel bed-- 

pulling up my stockings- carefully 

re-attaching to the garter- ,

The cuban heel- the line 

(right on course)

the works... 

Feeling a little guilty- 

I started to fantasize-- 

Il Postino, Pablo Neruda- 

Should I go to Capri--?

So frustrated--

burning... questions...

No man knows what to do with me-- 

I blame myself-- 

To play with me, is eternal-- 

I'm not 'on the clock' or... 

on the 'payroll'-- 

rrrr--

I had to get out of the room- 

The velvet stuff and porcelain things

closing in on me-- 

What have I done...?

I knew it was wrong from the start-- 

primitive-- base instinct..

Never marry a rich man...

Euros from a Vagabond..

Just start walking - (Like Jeanne Moreau and

Miles Davis)

Never look back- 

There is only beauty ahead, 

Salvation..

Glory

Rushing... 

I almost forgot where I was-- shit--

My white 

Burberry trench -

 on the floor? 

A Parkay floor... 

(Narration by a deep voiced sexy black guy)

BG- She stopped to admire it's [sic] clever design,

ME- "So pretty"

BG wrapped herself up---

She snuck out the door with a quiet click, 

and Seamlessly, floating down the hall- (on wire)

Her Tom Ford feet didn't 

touch the ground-- 

Falling gracelessly into an elevator 

playing Nat King Cole's .... Stardust? 

(remembering the movie) 

ME- "Fallen Angel?"

BG Nobody was up yet- 

out into the cool world she goes, 

ME-"Freedom... 

I can breathe..." 

BG- looking for a little human contact? 

Playful seduction? ...

ME- "I'm so Hungry..."

BG- Her heart was racing---

It was barely dawn -- 

Bathed in perfect light- 

magic hour-- -- 

ME- "Everyone looks good this early"

BG- Even cats and hummingbirds 

Was anyone watching her..

She gazed up into dark windows...

to nobody... 

and let the jacket fall loosely around 

her shoulders... 

The rush coming back- ... 

a little lost on purpose, 

Hiding around corners, 

ME- so dangerous- 

my body is on fire....

my body is never done-- trouble finds me--

please find me-

The iron is always hot!"

BG- She Leaned against the cool wall of a 

stoney church- 

It felt good, soothing-

ME- I wonder how prostitution works- 

Does it ever feel good?

Lost little souls - being taken advantage of-- 

or taking advantage of- 

Is it just for money? Is it for attention? 

or --- both-- 

Women suffer-

 Everywhere...

rules, rules, rules--

conflicting needs..

I can't find the answers-- It's an epidemic-- 

I know I won't compete with a computer--

or - a gaggle of hollywood boys hiring poor 

Russian girls to swallow loaves of bread 

up their anus'?- 

How does that work?"

BG- She was disturbed--

How far can she take this?-- Is it even real?-- 

ME- "Have we lost men to thin air--- 

to the Abyss-- to technology and lube- 

Flesh is attached to a heart and a brain- 

takes effort...and skill...

Where are the great lovers?-- A lost art...

God , I hope not...

I've never been to Columbia-- Should I go?- I really want to go!

Is this Hysteria?... 

Objectification? 

now-- Coming down from the ceiling, 

dripping in gold glitter-- 

Dancing with Nureyev- eyes closed---

the dream...

arousing my tenderness,

A sweet rawness- 

feeling bruised and scratched up-- 

Hypnotic -

Life is sensual-- not a "fix it in post"-- 

ME- I miss PLAYBOY- 

The End of an Era-- 

Chivalry, elegance-

Celebrated imperfections - 

differences... hot---passionate dreamy scenes...

The girl next door-- shyness-- "it's my first time"

but - not my last....(wink)

-- I'm planning a mysterious coup--

Want to get in on it-- 

Julian Assange?

Is it healthy, to be fantasied about...

by many men --? 

Isn't that the goal- 

How many can we effect-- 

It's natural-- to want to be desired--

The world creeps up on you-- 

and there you are, 

ALL over the place- 

places you never intended to be-- (desert storm?)

(soldiers)

I am human you know-- 

left to adjust to the madness-

No mercy- pay the price-- my fault-

BG- feeling empty, sad-- withdrawn- 

Left to Isolate-- Medicate.

Go to sleep-- 

ME-NO! I wont- -

ME- You know- It's not freaky enough, 

to just be beautiful-- 

I've never felt beautiful- 

I always felt sexual... and blind..

oh wowwy... I'm losing my mind-- 

I'm shutting down-- It's such a strange feeling...

going numb... in front of everyone----

It's like a Self inflicted drowning...hard to do--

(Alarm bells!!)--- 

When did I want to be this thing?-- 

To attract what?

When did I go from a curious little girl, 

to an insatiable woman? Girl on the run...

Femme fatale... devoted and ....divided.

Are we all going crazy? - 

or, is it just me? 

Is it that stuff on unwashed vegetables?

When did I lose control over my own heart?-- 

When did I start believing , 

That this is all I'm good for-

against my better judgement-- 

fell for it- dammit- it all backfired--

It doesn't feel good to be used, neglected, ignored---

controlled....

I'm not doing this--- 

It's humiliating - I have to turn this around--

Settling is powerless- desperate-- 

an illusion-- 

Can't buy your way out of this one ...buddy!!, 

I'm cold-

(She can't stop laughing..)

*

Reminds me of a play I wrote --

That one about The Hell's Angels, 

starring - 

Steve Queen and Bridgitte Bardot--

*

The Entr' Acte....

*

** A car chase- 

She is going on and on (in french) and 

He's just trying to have his way with her- 

everything is double entree' Funny/Sexy-(subtitles projected) 

They've stolen billions in diamonds - she's dripping from head to toe... 

in a sparkly madness of laughter--- 60's Porsche?- (or that GT/Bullit car)

All in a Car - bouncing and swerving-- lights- facing the audience-- 

(with BW projections from the 60's behind them--)... 

They fall in love-- They fall apart---

I'm not sure what the The Hells Angels have to do with it-- 

but they stay in the title---

 *

The End....

VEGAS 2014... limited engagement--

Copywritten Pamela Anderson-- (all rights reserved)- 
written July 1, 2014
by, 
Pamela Anderson. 














 He was in the fields, when I set out.

He was in the fields, when I came back.

In between, what long hours,

What centuries might have elapsed.

Did he look up? His arm half

Lifted was more to ward off

My foolishness. You will return,

He intimated; the heart's roots

Are here under this black soil

I labour at. A change of wind

Can bring the smooth town to a stop;

The grass whispers beneath the flags;

Every right word on your tongue

Has a green taste. It is the mind

Calling you, eager to paint

Its distances; but the truth's here,

Closer than the world will confess,

In this bare bone of life that I pick. 




 In full: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixfwGLxRJU8 
























 Wilco. 




 I recommend this book highly - http://covers.booktopia.com.au/big/9781559391634/working-with-anger.jpg. 









 http://www2.gwu.edu/~nsarchiv/NSAEBB/NSAEBB122/CIA%20Human%20Res%20Exploit%20H0-L17.pdf

http://www2.gwu.edu/~nsarchiv/NSAEBB/NSAEBB122/#hre 









 You guys

Again with the invention of a confederacy. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grandiose_delusions

Edit: Don't think I have truck with grandiosity. I think most people are not grandiose enough. It's just that you are creating bands where there are none. 




 'nothing but hate' = 'quite fair'

lol. 









 If it was your entire sustenance, you would not have lasted two weeks. 




 This can't just sound a little fishy to me.

Yes. You are not alone. 




 There is gluten-free bread. 




 I prioritise the nationalisation of the bread, and perhaps by extension, the flour and grain industries. And I suspect that if people stop and consider the benefits they would support too. 




 So the poor will not go hungry. 




 'You guys'?

lol. Persecution complex. 









 'We'? Every journalist I know uses Reddit. 




 You should do some more digging. 




 Hatred is not The Way. 




 I have nothing but hatred, you can trust me.

How odious.  




 Thank you for your considered response. 




 I want to know if anyone has found out something worthy of greater dissemination. 




 Do you know Bob Marley's 'Redemption Song'? 




 'There's no such thing as an invisible activist.'

On which looming issue do you feel you will be most compelled to stand out and speak up for what you believe in? 




 'No such thing as an invisible activist.'

On what looming issue will you feel most compelled to stand out and speak up for what you believe in? 




 Certainly one to ponder on. 




 Not a lame answer at all.

What do you find interesting about the history of the word 'welfare'? 




 How does reading this make you feel?:

Suddenly it occurs to me that maybe this is our last conversation. He could be dying, the pills already drowning him, pulling him away. I should be nice. We should be talking about nice things. The drives in central Illinois, those miles, so straight, where you could drive eighty, ninety, the windows down, corn gone, just raw gray fields, where you felt like you were plowing through time itself, like you were a huge loud missile tearing the earth in half, leaving grateful ruin in your wakebut also knowing, we knew, we always knew, that really, at least seen from anyone elses perspective, it was not that way. To cars going the other way we were a quick loud noise, a flash; seen from aboveeven a crop duster would have given you the perspectivewe were nothing like thatnot loud, not powerful, not affecting much at all, not leaving any ruin, not making any noisewe were just some little black thing puttering straight on the straight road, producing only the smallest buzzing sound, crawling through this flat, terrible grid.

"So, whats it like? Ive had, you know, relationship problems," I offer.

_________________________

From 'A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius' by Dave Eggers. 




 x-post /r/unitedkingdom  




 In what areas of your life would you be better able to keep up by slowing down? 




 How do you think America could better value human dignity? 




 The Doctor is redecorating the interior of his Tardis. Which artist from throughout time and space does he choose to help him and why? (Not Van Gogh). 




 How can you best convince me of your veracity? 




 Have you ever uncovered something nefarious? 














 He actually is doing that face because of Yoko, isn't he? 




 Reddit is full of squares. 














 The ensuing morning brought reflection with it, as morning usually does; but widely different was the train of thought it awakened in the different persons who had been so unexpectedly brought together on the preceding evening...

The reflections of Sir Mulberry Hawkif such a term can be applied to the thoughts of the systematic and calculating man of dissipation, whose joys, regrets, pains, and pleasures, are all of self, and who would seem to retain nothing of the intellectual faculty but the power to debase himself, and to degrade the very nature whose outward semblance he wearsthe reflections of Sir Mulberry Hawk turned upon Kate Nickleby, and were, in brief, that she was undoubtedly handsome; that her coyness MUST be easily conquerable by a man of his address and experience, and that the pursuit was one which could not fail to redound to his credit, and greatly to enhance his reputation with the world. And lest this last considerationno mean or secondary one with Sir Mulberryshould sound strangely in the ears of some, let it be remembered that most men live in a world of their own, and that in that limited circle alone are they ambitious for distinction and applause. Sir Mulberry's world was peopled with profligates, and he acted accordingly.

Thus, cases of injustice, and oppression, and tyranny, and the most extravagant bigotry, are in constant occurrence among us every day. It is the custom to trumpet forth much wonder and astonishment at the chief actors therein setting at defiance so completely the opinion of the world; but there is no greater fallacy; it is precisely because they do consult the opinion of their own little world that such things take place at all, and strike the great world dumb with amazement. 









 I'm glad to have learnt that new word. Thank you. 




 Not that I'm aware of. I've looked for one but not found one yet. 




 I'm interested in how you'd interpret it. Don't feel obliged to interpret it if you don't want to, however. 




 Yes. It should be perfectly virus free etc.. [This](http://i.imgur.com/eDk6mt8.jpg) is what the program looks like when you open it. 




 How often do you get angry? 




 What word(s) would you like people to use more often? 




 What do you think the British can best learn from the Canadians? And vice-versa. 




 Do the dead ever get bored? (Even those in *reeeeeaaly* boring situations.) 




 Is veganism good or bad? 




 How would you like me to rephrase it? 




 How would you feel if you couldn't copyright your life? 




 Would you be able to explain your username? 




 Which artists', (any kind of artist), work do you most enjoy and why? 




 If you could copyright your life, would you? 




 How would you say 'human energy' differs from the sun's energy? 




 Reposting here after [it was deemed too softwarery for /r/InternetIsBeautiful.](http://www.reddit.com/r/InternetIsBeautiful/comments/28m2gp/flux_you_could_use_flux_because_it_makes_you/cicfx7c)  














 Obviously Moseley Road. 




 Cheers! 









 It's a good thing that that is not the case. 














 [Berlin thinks it is making religious history as Muslims, Jews and Christians join hands to build a place where they can all worship. The House of One, as it is being called, will be a synagogue, a church and a mosque under one roof.](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-27872551) 









 How do you deal with the proverbial second arrow? 




 I advise you look into it. There are many ways to poison a human body. 




 Do you know where the word 'karma' comes from? 




 How much do you know about issues concerning the organic food movement? 




 Why? 




 How long have you owned a Reddit account for? 




 What do the subreddits you subscribe to say about you? 




 What things make your existence harder than it should be? 




 * If I asked you: 'What is the most harmful thing you do?', what is the first answer that comes to mind?

* How does this make you feel? 




 Would women be hurt less if women went shirtless? 




 Would women be hurt less if women went shirtless? 




 An NHS which has had its own budget frozen. 









 Provision of mental health services for young people varies widely across England, with entry-level care largely funded by local authorities, which are trying to slash spending.


Research has found young people who do not receive help in the early stages of their illness can suffer serious consequences, often needing time in hospital or remaining ill during adulthood.

Young Minds submitted a Freedom of Information request about funding of child and adolescent mental health services for 2014-15 and the previous four financial years.

It had responses from 99 out of the 151 councils it contacted.

More than half had made cuts over the last five years, while nine councils had kept funding at the same level.

The biggest reduction was at Birmingham City Council, from just above 2.3m in 2010-11 to 125,000 in 2014-15, a drop of 94%
____________________________

[BBC News - Mental health services cuts 'affecting children'](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-27942416) 




 http://www.ufwc.co.uk/ 




 I heard the advent of recorded music also had an effect. 




 That seems to work in some respects. I was thinking more of something that specifies an ability to take on board criticism well. It may have been upekkha but I think I might have recognised that. I'll keep my eyes peeled. 




 Are you able to elaborate on that? 




 Do you have a suggestion as to where it could be most usefully shared on Reddit? 




 I meant no offence. I meant: 'when did you first realise that your mind was not yet at a state of maturity?' 




 When did you first realise you had an immature mind? 




 I've personally found it to be very helpful. Different strokes for different folks though of course. 




 What gives you that idea?

Other than saying that I went entirely on the picture, I'd rather not say. 









 **Jesus is back and he's got ATTITUDE**! 




 You like animals. (And I thought this before I even saw your username) You are sexually adventurous. 

edit: went on your profile to see if I was right about the latter and discovered that I think I was spot on with the former.

 




 :| 




 You work yourself very hard. Perhaps you are overstressed. You have a yearning to spend time with more creative/artistic people but are not sure how this could be achieved. 




 Someone who is generally uninterested with politics. Perhaps too much so.

Seemingly very healthy skin. 




 Is free donut day a thing? 




 You appear existentially worried. This is normal at your age. Nurture yourself like you would a seedling. May you be well, may you progress, may you be free from suffering. 




 Perhaps you don't have you enough hobbies/interests that don't involve computers/screens. 




 I thought that. If you would like to receive more sexual advances it would be a good choice however. 




 Overly unguarded about poor diet choices/habits. 




 'Being easy to correct/advise' is how I think I've seen it translated as too. 









 This word exists in some East Asian language. I can't remember where I found it though.  




 Are you planning on changing that state of affairs? 




 How would you describe what sex is, (typically), like for a woman? 




 What is something about your home that you are not appreciating enough? 




 How do you intend on using your human life? 




 Do you have any experiences as to what it would be like to be insane? 














 And by 'consumption' you don't mean tuberculosis.  




 Oh no! Not conversation!!!!!!!!!!!!! Whatever next...?!?!?!?! 




 * When was the last time you rearranged your bedroom? 

* What does 'feng shui' mean to you? 




 Can the anthropomorphism of God be a good thing?  




 Yes. I want him to go on another dry spell until he faces either another Balkan team or another 'and' team so he can keep up the pattern. 




 He's that good that one of his goals can sink multiple nations. 




 He died so that we may live. 









 Are you confusing Highgate Park with Kings Heath Park or Highbury Park? 




  
The flag shown IS the german flag and DOES NOT represent the Nazi movement at all. ex serviceman

mike p, melbourne 









 I thought that was

 For those wondering about ukip... Fuck off!

Same difference anyways, imo. 
























 Well it hasn't. Don't believe in everything you see or hear.

When do you predict a computer will actually be able to pass the Turing test? 




 Do you mean 'subjective'? 




 When do you predict a computer will be able to pass the Turing test? 




 Can animals suffer?
 




 Do you feel like a victim of neoliberal capitalism? 




 I had a friend who donated his hair after he got it cut to wig-makers for bald children who have cancer. Do you think more people should do this? 




 Have you ever been in love? 




 What would you most like to be asked: 

a) on here? 

b) by the adulterous wife? 

c) by the cuckolded husband? 




 Do you think gay men (edit: and gay women) working in the gay porn industry view themselves as emancipators?  




 What's the point of buying blueprints if you don't plan to use them as a plan?  




 Why? 




 Have you ever been to Madame Tussauds? 




 Blueprints constitute a plan, don't you think? 




 Did you create a Reddit account for the purposes of this AMA? 




 * What do you think of the Beatles having to pay the taxman 95% of their royalties?

* Does your country of residence have a national healthcare service? 




 Do you think he would have humanoid form? Or did you have something else in mind? 




 Do you feel like a different person before and after orgasm? 




 What do you think of these lines of verse?:

     A truth thats told with bad intent

     Beats all the Lies you can invent.

     It is right it should be so;

     Man was made for Joy and Woe;

     And when this we rightly know

     Thro the World we safely go.
     

     Every Night and every Morn

     Some to Misery are Born.

     Every Morn and every Night

     Some are Born to sweet delight.

     Some are Born to sweet delight,

     Some are Born to Endless Night.  

What do you think Blake could have meant by the phrase 'endless night'? 




 What simple and easy thing could you do to reduce the amount of suffering that takes place in the world? 




 edited

Have you ever read [Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s Letter from Birmingham Jail'?](http://www.africa.upenn.edu/Articles_Gen/Letter_Birmingham.html) 




 Does your god have a plan? 




 Do you compose or wish to compose poetry? 




 That's a shame. If I were you I'd feel justified in growing my own. Have you ever done research into which strains are most helpful for epileptics?  




 Ghanaian. Do you compose or wish to compose poetry? 




 What strain? 




 Today I said: 'the Japanese are not known for their mercy'. Why do you think I should be ashamed of this? 




 The word most deserving of scrutiny is 'return'. 




  On taking refuge in his home from a heavy monsoon, Dhaniya said: 'I dwell near the bank of the river. My house is thatched, the fire is kindled. Rain, O cloud, if you like.'

The Buddha replied: 'I abide near the river bank. My house (body) is uncovered. The fire of desire has gone out. I have passeed over the floods to Nirvana.

'I have no use of a raft (teachers, teachings, practises). For a long time, my mind has been trained. I am no one's servant. Rain, O cloud, if you like.' 









