 Music from "Gravity?" 




 Lmao. His LEGS  




 @God He has RISEN!!!!  #ididthat  




 I have.  From Bernie Sanders to James Inhofe and Ted Cruz...senators like that can't win a general election.  It isn't possible.  Too far left or too far right is political suicide.   




 As a democrat, I would never vote for this wackadoo  




 Gladiator  




 Siegfried  














 What movie did u pass on and now you are just kicking yourself for doing so?  




 Fuck.  My fucking head hurts from laughing so much.  I can't stop watching this.  U see his little head go forward in the background.   




 Lmao  




 The power of Christ compels you!!!!!! 




 Lmfao!!!!!   









 I just tried doing that and I might have hurt my back.  "Thanks Obama" 









 Kind of amazing  




 She looks better with it on for some reason.   














 Lol.  Brilliant  




 Hallelujah  




 Good point.  And pooh looks like he's down for a mighty fisting.   









 When u moving over to Hakkasan?  




 Great minds think alike.  









 Well that De escalated quickly.   




 90210  




 Lol. "Pall" 




 phlegm?  




 I've been to the one here in Vegas.  It's actually breathtaking (maybe a lil dramatic but it's pretty cool).  




 No nutritional value in a bowling ball.  




 I think it's Amor.  Not "armour"  




 Do u work for google?  




 Penis  




 U get to see the evolution of how America is becoming a fatass country.   









 Lmao.  Brilliant.  




 People like jumping off that shit now.  Suicidal Tendencies.  




 I think Lola is a hermaphrodite.   




 Lmao.  Told ya.  




 No joke.  True Lies  




 It's too late for that  




 http://www.tmz.com/2014/02/28/george-lopez-arrested-public-intoxication 




 He was arrested last night North of the border.  Lol.  









 0 














 :( stay strong buddy! He's in doggie heaven now.   




 "Am I not supposed to be up here?" 




 Nope  




 Indeed  




 Either way, the legs were ginormous.  I would steer clear  




 It's the MGM Grand.  




 Lol.  




 Because I said.  




 Correct.   And the Budweiser girls who though hot, kept on walking directly behind the horse.   




 MGM Grand Las Vegas  




 Julia Roberts would disagree  




 He walked in after...douche  




 This is Vegas.  In the casinos, the "janitors" don't make minimum wage.  They are union.   $$$.  




 In a casino much less  




 You got me  




 You have to believe man  




 For real?  




 http://youtu.be/Ps25AKD-P_w

Fucking Tom Brady.   




 http://i.imgur.com/mK50f0P.jpg 




 And big fucking balls 




 It shit on the carpet...horse shit.   














 My grandmother has Alzheimer's and I to am a huge House of Cards fan (better than Game of Thrones).  




 U build me up only to tear me down.  




 What casino? 




 LMFAO.  This fucking made me lol crazy hard.  Not sure why.  I wasn't expecting this.   




 Lol. This is soo wrong  




 Amazing 




 He looks like he just raped someone.   









 Lol. U were on buzzfeed  




 That's Samuel L. Jackson  




 Where the fuck are u?  Iraq  




 Amen.  She's just screaming  




  Leprosy 









 For some reason the movie "The Cove" comes to mind.  Fucking Japanese.   




 Alaska is gay  




 Ur my hero! 




 "Raise ur hand if u believe Hillary Clinton is a heretic." 




 Done right?   She looks horrified.  




 I used to make these when I was younger.  Ahh. Brings back awful memories.  Thanks!  




 Don't past go.  Don't collect $200 




 That's creepy 




 Nutella is the best thing ever in the whole world. Amen.  




 And Faith and Tim are obviously too high class for them.   




 Peter Paul and Mary?  




 Drive thru style  




 It's funny because I ran into them on the way out of the airport and I said I saw u propose and the dude told me to send him the pic.  So I did  









 Why don't u delve into politics?  




 Zero Fucks Given?  




 http://bit.ly/1o3p0Cu 




 Fucking BRILLIANT 




 Hillary Clinton 2016? 




 That stupid fucking grin on her face.  




 I don't know  




 Have u ever been to a church?   




 Lol. Thanks  









 Lol.  Scientology isn't all weird.  It can help with somethings.  




 Target.com 




 Strap on  




 Wtf is an artisan.   




 eBay  




 Enemy?  




 Breast feed the dog back to health.  




