 I played MW2 a lot over the weekend in anticipation of MW3's release, and after hearing that MW3 multiplayer was basically MW2.5 I was pretty excited. However, as soon as I popped in MW3, the first thing I noticed is some of my favorite guns don't "feel" the same. The long range accuracy of the UMP45 isn't there anymore when you "feather" the trigger. The M16 isn't as accurate. MP5 still isn't back to its COD4 glory days. Overall, I think the guns have more kick, and have trouble staying on target like they did in previous games (MW2). I still love the game, and my KDR will probably increase after getting used to some of the subtle changes in the guns, but I was wondering if anyone else noticed some of these changes?  




 I thought Black Ops was probably one of the biggest disappointments I have had, and almost put me off Call of Duty all together. If this isn't like that game, I am happy.  




 Not at all. The Vet and Noob video was amazing.  




 I don't think you read the original comment. Receiving something from someone with the knowledge that it is stolen is a felony. Previously, the OP stated that his copy of the game was acquired by "less than legal" means. 




 Yeah, I got it too. Thought it was a joke.  




 You know receiving stolen property is a felony, right? Not saying that I wouldn't do the same thing in your shoes, but I certainly wouldn't be advertising it by playing on Live or posting on the internet.  




 AI looks pretty rough, but nothing that they can't fix come March.  




 I am still playing through ME2 on Insanity. Infiltrator.  




 [Full Version](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zuzaxlddWbk feature=share) 









 How is shirtpunch? Never been there before but $10 tees sounds pretty interesting.  




 Anyone have a date on the patch yet? 360 here.  




 [Why the hell not](http://imgur.com/VIMuW) 




 This is what needs to happen: Elementary school teachers need to be competent at math. They can't simply "love working with kids" and "enjoy telling stories and doing arts and crafts." You need to know your shit. You need to know everything about everything because little kids ask questions that are creative and insightful and completely off the wall. 

This. Yes, we need to pay teachers better. Yes, we need smaller classrooms. However, we also need to reform what it takes to become an educator, so we have teachers that are above average in all areas (i.e. reading, writing, match, science), as opposed to barely competent in any. There are a lot of great teachers out there. I was lucky to have a few that shaped my life forever. There are a lot of really bad teachers out there too, and we need to make it more difficult to become an educator to weed these people out.  




 At first, I read this as, "Why don't you fuck more students?" 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/ls9in/a_friend_of_mine_was_helping_a_girl_jump_her/c2v6mcj

Pretty sure you are wrong. That was another post in this topic, but not the OP.  




 As I said before, I was on obm.ohio.gov and I was not able to find specifically what I was looking for. 




 I have been trying to find a breakdown of the yearly budget for the State of Ohio. More specifically, I am looking to see what percentage of revenue was spent on public employee salaries as opposed to other areas. I have been on the state website, but so far I haven't been able find anything useful. Any ideas? 




 If I really wanted to understand the entire story, would it be better to start at Uncharted or Uncharted 2? 




 Even though I know what this is referencing part of me was hoping it was a Dark Souls reference after I saw the first part of the tattoo.  




 Is it weird that after reading all these stories I really want to take this shit now? 




 You gotta level it to 450 before you get anything good from it.  




 Have an upvote, brother of the Darkmoon.  




 People outside of places like Reddit need to see things like this. That way maybe they will realize that all we are doing now is setting ourselves up for failure in about 10-15 years.  




 Our tax dollars should already be doing this. This, in my opinion, is one of the problems.  




 I would actually consider paying $650 for the M-29. 




 As a Blue Phantom, this angers me... 




 All Zionist Jews are holding key positions of America.USA is doomed and cannot be fixed.only way to fix the mess is to kill all the Jews and throw em out of this land.We are taking the wrong side and fighting dirty wars for Israel.

WTF 




 I think that this has been proven false. However, I have noticed if you stop guarding with your shield you will attack quicker.  




 Anyone know what he is actually charging for this? As an Infiltrator in my main playthrough I really want this thing.  




 [Reddit Enhancement Suite](http://reddit.honestbleeps.com)
 




 Which is awesome...haha 




 pics or it didn't happen 




 Damn you. Now I just spent the last hour listening to Audiomachine. 




 Hopefully they make some changes to the way the guilty system works. Also the fact that you can't queue up for an invasion and have any type of summoning sign down sucks as well.  




 Hopefully they do something about the servers. I just spent about 1-2 hours trying to level Blade of the Darkmoon and only invaded one realm... 




 "Indeed, yes. In this case the measles, um, virus which has been engineered at a genetic level to be helpful rather than harmful. Um, I find the best way to describe it is if you can... if you can imagine your body as a highway, and you picture the virus as a very fast car, um, being driven by a very bad man. Imagine the damage that car can cause. Then if you replace that man with a cop... the picture changes. And that's essentially what we've done." 




 Thundercock Soulpuncher: Best. Name. Ever.  




 You typed this out, and then took a picture to put on imgur? Other than that, I agree with you wholeheartedly.  




 I really hope that OWS can truly stay independent from our current two-party political shitstorm and become the start of a real, unified independent party that can pull people together to from both parties to vote on the real issues that we face today. Also, please (PLEASE!) do not get involved with ANY social issues. 




 No, not really. 




 Honestly, this is the main reason online play has been a real disappointment for me. I love this game, but sometimes trying to summon/get summoned is more trouble than it is worth.  




 I second that. I know I am not only one who makes sure I'm "prepared" for when the moment arrives.  




 NSFW/\ 




 or Cheesy Bread 




