 There is a reason that scholars call it the "creation myth" because that is just what it is. It all depends on who is defining what is or isn' t a myth. For instance, a man who possessed the power to raise the dead was crucified by Romans and came back to life, is considered kosher, but an indigenous peoples' belief that a turtle balanced the earth on its back is considered suspect. Both are myths. 




 support congress 




 I believe religion in any form is evil. They all claim to have the only true answers, their religious writings portray an evil and cruel god, they thrive on excluding others as a form of righteousness, and they interfere with my personal rights by forcing a religious viewpoint on the laws that govern my country.  




 Tell that to the evangelicals. 




 Lucy, Daughter of the Devil, totally riffs on religion, as does Moral Orel. The christmas special for Moral Orel is really black comedy at its best. 




 I can't believe no one has mentioned RobotChicken. The show did three Star Wars themed episodes that will make you laugh until you pee. 




 They introduced some dark stuff when brock tripped out and had visions of the OSI chief with his huge breasts. As if they couldn't have enough men with breasts, Sgt. Hatred grew a pair, too. Hilarious. 




 "Stop whining, Woodhouse, you'll get your spoon back." 




 What is the length of a day to their god? Does it conveniently conform to the twenty-four hour rotation of the earth? What does this concept do to your understanding of the creation myth? 




 gummy worms or bears 




 "Do you happen to have any toilet paper on you?" 




 He threw Bush under the bus and then stepped in front of it. I hope prosecutors can use his words to indite both he and bush.  




 And what Mitchell would have Americans believe is that they're stupid enough to not recognize his and other intelligence officials attempt to rewrite history, while trying to lessen the torture program's importance by comparing it to the current drone program, which is just as despicable. 




 I've argued that term limits are the way to go with the SC, but Roosevelt's plan was too broad for its time. I believe that term limits would allow a greater variety of law opinions to influence the court, as the turnover would create more opportunities for sitting judges. It would force the court to experience the same generational change that is occurring now at the local and federal level. As younger generations enter into the political process the nation has experienced a sea change in the way drug crimes are being prosecuted, and mj has become legal in many states. Another area we've seen progress is in lgbt laws that allow marriage or civil unions. 




 ty 




 The six month determinant is the number one indicator of whether an american is in the middle class. There are a number of other indicators, such as net wealth, but being able to live comfortably for six months on savings is the main factor in determining class. 




 Peter H. Irons. A Peoples History of the Supreme Court. New York: Viking, 1999.  
  
Irons offers a complete history of the Constitution's formation and path to adoption. I stand behind what I've written and would add that the word 'wealth' was used in the Constitution as meaning for AA slaves. This is well documented in primary documents from the period but I'll offer you a list of books that back up this assertion.  
  
Arnesen, Eric. The Black Worker: Race, Labor, and Civil Rights since Emancipation. Urbana: University of Illinois Press, 2007.  
  
Moreno, Paul. Black Americans and Organized Labor: A New History. Baton Rouge: Louisiana State University Press, 2006.  
  
Cliff Sloan, and David McKean. The Great Decision Jefferson, Adams, Marshall, and the Battle for the Supreme Court. New York: PublicAffairs, 2009.  
  
 




 There is nothing like seeing Vegas on acid. A group of us went to a rave in Vegas, but the event got shut down not long after it started because under 21's were found sneaking in. The seven of us had already taken a couple of mdma pills and a gelcap of acid on entering the event and we now found ourselves pushed out onto the Strip. It was a blast. We went into the Bellagio, and someone had the bright idea that we should all buy drinks so that it looked like we were drunk. One of the girls bought this bright red frozen concoction that she just carried and never drank. The casino's rugs resulted in so many funny visions that one of our group refused to walk out onto it because she might sink. We noticed hotel security had begun following us so we left for the Mirage. Once out the Bellagio's door, my friend who bought the red drink realized it had melted and proceeded to dump its contents onto this beautiful marble entrance. If she'd been sober this would never have happened, but all of us immediately knew this could mean trouble. We hustled out of the area and on to the Mirage. We made it about 10 minutes in the casino before finding security was again following us, so again we left. When we arrived at Excalibur, security was already waiting but because we hadn't done anything really wrong they just followed us around. I think they figured out we weren't really drunk and were just having a fun time watching us trip. I still remember sitting down at a chinese restaurant to eat, and one of the guys asking if I was still tripping? I lifted the menu to turn it over and saw myself looking down this great deep well where the menu had sat. When I told my friends, we all agreed I was still tripping. I've been to Vegas on many occasions but that was the best time I've ever had. 




 One of the things I learned from military instructors for personal defense is that there is no such thing as dirty fighting in hand-to-hand combat. We were taught that in any physical altercation the ultimate goal was to end the threat within context of events. If fear of imminent death existed, nothing was off limits. For less serious threats, attacks to the softest areas of the body were encouraged. The throat, groin, ribs, elbow and knee joints, eyes, and ears were the surest means to end any personal threat. If someone wanted to complain, it was to be while they're looking up at you, and no longer a threat. 




 My mother became a prescription pill addict and alcoholic around 1972 after suffering a burn injury when her nightgown caught fire after she fell asleep with a cigarette. She experienced multiple skin grafts to her right upper arm, breast and neck area, taken from skin harvested from the back of her legs. I was an 8 y.o. kid with three older brothers who worked and a dad who labored at two jobs to afford the operations and the drugs. We lived in extreme poverty so my mom's injury and the resulting addictions only made matters worse. My dad refused to accept public assistance because of the stigma attached to its users so we were often hungry before and during school.  
  
Many families become closer when faced with adversity but ours seemed to go in a different direction. Because there were seven of us, the competition for attention, toys, and resources could be brutal. I found myself taking complete care of my youngest sister who was born just prior to my mother's accident, and partial care for my two younger siblings, a brother and sister. Meanwhile, my mother seemed to have lost all interest in our existence after her recovery from injury. I didn't realize until three years after I left home for the military that my mother was an addict. We were so isolated by our rural existence and my dad's religiosity that our mother's odd behavior of staying up for days on end, and sleeping until the late afternoon seemed the norm. We were forbidden to use milk because she used it for her coffee, and we were expected to use powdered milk for cereal. I cooked for my siblings, but meals were simple things like PB J and mac/cheese, or grilled cheese sandwiches. I don't remember any of us eating before school because we were always late catching the bus.  
  
By the time I left home, I felt disgust for mother's behavior and anger at my dad because he was a stranger. I believed dad took two jobs just because he didn't want to be home. My relationship with my mother was so poor, I didn't speak to her for the entirety of her remaining life, even after she got sober. And she did spend the last ten years of her life sober, but by that time the concept of having a mother was foreign to me. I didn't know how to feel sad about her death because she meant nothing to me. Today, I have no relations with my family because we don't know how to act towards one another. We are emotional strangers, only able to express the most primitive of feelings such as anger or disgust.  
  
I guess a summation of my mother's sickness on my life would include a deep distrust of women, and a serious emotional impairment that keeps others at arm's length and promotes a lone wolf existence. 




 Then you have resided in more than one class, and it sounds like you've fluctuated between them. You are a good example of someone who might vote against their own interests. 




 Please tell me where you're getting that estimation of "tens of thousands of irish slaves"? I've studied and taught American history for the last fifteen years and have never seen that figure thrown around. As for whites being held as slaves, they were called indentured servants and served for a set, contracted amount of time. More time could only be added if they misbehaved. AA were not given that same courtesy.  




 The affordability of lawyers has been an issue in the US since its inception and I don't have any solution for this problem. In the case of Dred Scott, he was forced to run an ad in the New York Times begging for a lawyer to argue his case before the Supreme Court. As for for solutions to the SC's activism, it's up to Americans to demand a more just system. Justices are given lifetime appointments, proponents argue, to keep them above the political fray; this is completely untrue and justices need to be held accountable when they ignore the law in favor of political expedience. To date, only three schools of law are represented at this highest level - Yale, Harvard, and Columbia. This is a trend that began in the 1950s and it limits the social understanding of sitting justices who reside in that rarefied air occupied by the elites. I personally believe that the justices should have term limits of between 10 and 12 years, at which time new justices are vetted. This allows for a type of generational change that allows the SC to remain current with the times. As for the burbs and white americans, these trends are now driven more by the economy than race. I would argue that "poor is the new black." 




 Americans understanding of social class are horribly skewed, which leads to the majority of people voting against their own interests. For instance, depending on how you answer the following question, it's easy to pinpoint an individuals social class: If you lost your job today, how long could you maintain your living standards before having to find another job? 




 To understand racism in the United States we must begin with the Constitution's role, which placed a black person's worth at 3/5's of a white person. Most Americans believe the document was written to protect them, and this is true if they can afford a lawyer to represent them. But the average American can't afford to hire lawyers so they remain unrepresented under the Constitution. We also live at the mercy of how the Supreme Court justices interpret the law and this is extremely worrying. When presented with multiple opportunities to correct the country's flagrant racism - think Dred Scott or *Plessy v. Ferguson* - the SC justices throughout history failed miserably.  
  
Our national government also failed to curb racism, but the real heinous reason that racism remained so integral to white americans is African Americans (AA) treatment by local governments. Red lining and covenants kept out not only AA but also jews, irish, italian, sicilian, and some eastern europeans. When these practices were finally deemed unconstitutional and minorities moved into mainly white spaces, white americans fled to the suburbs. This is the reason for the busing controversies of the 1970's when the government forced the integration of the school system. That trend has now reversed with AAs moving to the outskirts of cities and into the burbs with white americans repopulating cities. 




 I don't believe in god, but if we don't act soon on climate change the resulting damage will place Earth on the same irreversible slide that created Venus. When people say that we must save the Earth, I laugh, because the Earth will go on spinning, humans just won't be there to experience it.  




 Wait...you think it's okay for kids to drink dirty water and breath dirty air? You don't believe climate change and sinking cities are real? You must be tired considering the level of willful ignorance you observe. 




 I like to read articles like this because they remind me how batshit crazy the right is and what new fears it's conjured up. Republicans are rapidly becoming the party of cowards because everything scares them: women, immigrants, ebola, minimum wage, taxes, marijuana, unions, minorities, voter fraud, gun laws, campaign finance reform, industry regulation, equal pay for women, ...I'm tired of typing. 




 Sure it did...during the final testimony, the police reveal that two men matching the defendants' description were arrested after robbing several other small gas stations. Without economic inequality, there's no reason to steal. 




 Sure there was...the store owner was robbed and murdered by two guys. If there were no income inequality, the original robbers would have no reason to stickup the store. Then your story becomes about two guys driving through a rural part of the U.S. and they enjoy the scenery.  




 My favorite show is about a high school chemistry teacher who gets terminal cancer, but his family will be okay in the future. 




 He did all these things before his "brain disease" days. 




 Ronald Reagan was an informant for the FBI while employed as the head of a labor union. He spoke out against divorce but was divorced himself, and couldn't remember his son's name when asked.  




 Spelling. 




 religions -  because they all try to exclude people, and each claims it's the best, as are its members. 




 Let's flip your argument on its head and force politicians to undergo testing in order to determine whether they have the intelligence and ethical values necessary to represent the electorate in a just manner. The US believes in setting benchmark scores on our elementary and high school students that determine teachers' abilities and the students' learning. Isn't having an informed legislator as important as childhood education? As with term limits, contemporary politicians rebel against any changes that require them to prove competency, but imagine how many idiot politicians such a policy would weed out. If this had been in place in 2000, the US could have avoided the whole stupid Bush presidency. 




 I was banned from /r/askhistorians because I made a point of asking for citations and they didn't like my "tone." It's a pity because I'm a historian who believes in objectivity and truth, and the decision was disappointing. 




 Sounds like a Monty Python sex-ed class. If you've not seen the skit, it's a treat. 




 Not according to the soldier. 




 [I doubt you'll](http://dangerousminds.net/comments/dying_vets_fuck_you_letter_to_george_bush_dick_cheney_needs_to_be_read) be interested in this link, but it speaks about a soldier's perspective on the Iraq war. 




 It sounds as if you are a very trusting soul if you believe everything you read on google. I only really trust books from the university press system because it uses a peer review method. 




 Now here is a fight Mitch McConnell could morally back by fighting for the workers' safety in a "coal industry" he so loves. But he won't. McConnell is an example of a politician who has an agenda that protects two countries - the US and China. He married into a wealthy Chinese shipping family and regulations that restrict coal usage are a threat to his home state of Kentucky, and his extended family in China. His dual interests in connection to the coal industry should be a cause of alarm for every American. 




 You can continue to blame Americans, but they're simply swallowing the news that the media is feeding them. If that news is of the truthiness variety, then it's a poisoned pill for Americans. 




 It's easy to blame Americans for not knowing the issues, but it's because they are overworked and lack the time necessary to understand the issues. However, the blame really falls on the news service industry because it tailors the news cycle for a specific viewer in order to increase advertising sales on its specific channel.  
  
Politicians take advantage of the average American's lack of understanding by pushing the "fear" button. As an independent in a two-party system, I've noticed that republicans are especially adept at massaging American's fears. It's as if they took FDR's statement "the only thing we have to fear is fear itself" and used it as a campaign strategy. It's literally the party of wealthy cowards because so many things seem to scare republicans such as: immigrants, muslims, viruses, election fraud, gun laws, LGBT, unions, renewable energy, science, and campaign finance laws. By pushing the fear button, politicians have discovered an easy way of tricking Americans into voting against their own best interests. It's a sad state of affairs for a once proud nation that's claimed to be a democracy, but in reality its political system has only been another form of control by a white majority that now finds itself on the way to being a minority. 




 I bow to your censorship. 




 lol^  
  
What he was known for, and what he really had, are two different things and easily confused by anyone desperate to defend w., the iraq war, and its relationship to the disaster simmering now in the middle east. 




 "And there are weapons of mass destruction in Iraq." 




 Peeing - women standing up, men sitting down. 




 B.S. 




 I could've continued by saying that Republican legislators demand their pay be fair and keep up with the cost of living, but don't believe the average American deserves a fair minimum wage. They belong to a party that has staked its success on suppressing voter turnout, and by consistently and loudly telling the same lie about how to fix the economy. 




 An itchy perineum (taint). 




 I quit shaving four years ago and instead keep a neat beard by using a beard trimmer I've owned for ten years. A razor is two thin, sharpened pieces of metal encased in plastic, and probable cost pennies to manufacture. Screw Gillette and their like, for marking up the price of a razor by a thousand percent. 




 I love the history of words; how they came about and are attached to the past. One of my favorite words is "sinister", because it comes from the Latin word for left hand side - sinistre. In the ancient world, left handed people were viewed with suspicion, and it was considered one of the signs that the individual might be a witch/devil-worshiper. Mothers would tie their child's hand to their side in an effort to halt any proclivity for using the left hand. 




 I am an extreme loner. I've not had any serious friends in seven years because of the economic downturn's affect on my income. While I can go for entire weeks without saying more than a handful of words to another person, I'm okay with it. I grew up in a very rural part of the South, with only my immediate family for company; after I migrated to the West and lost contact with them, I've lived a quiet loner's lifestyle.  
  
I know that my introversion interferes with everyday life, but I'm so accustomed to it that change seems almost impossible. 




 1. The "door ceremony": when two men approach a closed door, they will jostle for position over who opens the door, because the person holding open the door is in a "power" position over the other person.  
  
2. The second action is taught as a method to identify whether someone is watching you. Look at your watch, and then glance around to see who else is checking their watch. It is instinctual for an observer to mark the time they observed you marking, thus unknowingly giving themselves away. 




 Economic equality. 




 Candy flip once a month!!! 




 USA.USA.USA.USA.USA.USA.USA.USA.USA.USA.USA.USA.USA. 




 I'll start by providing a number of websites that provide information that are important for informed voters.  
  
First, [This](https://www.congress.gov/members?q={%22congress%22%3A113%2C%22chamber%22%3A%22Senate%22} pageSize=2500) site provides a searchable list of Senators that give their biographic information and voting record.  
  
Next, [This](https://www.congress.gov/committees) site has links to the subcommittees and their members; this is where the voter can find which committees the legislator sits on and offers a good indication of legislative power.  
  
Continuing, [This](http://www.house.gov/representatives/find/) site will help the voters find their House representative, and provides biographical information along with voting record.  
  
Additionally, [This](http://www.opensecrets.org/) site offers information about the money behind each candidate's election/re-election.  
  
Finally, [This](http://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php?title=ALEC_Politicians) site provides information for the voter concerned about those candidates with links to the ALEC program. 




 Religions are the most pernicious form of controlling humanity ever invented. They discourage the individual from investigating and reporting on truth by using fear of exclusion in this life, and the "next." They set individuals apart from society by claiming them "chosen" and the true stewards of morality, and identifying unbelievers as deserving of punishment for failing to have "faith." It allows one form in the middle east to impose a vile form of control over a small arab population, targeting women and children in an effort to destroy the inhabitants future. It provides justification for destroying the earth through climate denial, and control over women's health issues. In every form, religion is a fairytale that allow those with a guilty conscious to find absolution for past and future wrongs, and a tool for oppressing the individual. 




 (http://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/2jn4p3/but_republicans_already_look_like_a_completely/)[this] post is original content that discusses politics. 




 They always want more money for equipment but [give away](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/federal-eye/wp/2014/10/10/u-s-scrapped-486-million-aircraft-fleet-that-taxpayers-bought-for-afghanistan/) valuable weaponry for scrap. 




 The rich aren't stupid, but they can't think creatively. The most recent writing on this comes from William Deresiewicz, *Excellent Sheep: The Miseducation of the American Elite*. The wealthy are so sheltered from the population that it experiences a level of naivety in relation to poverty. The last time the US experienced such a level of inequality between the haves and have-nots was in the 1920s. Unlike today, the wealthy lived shoulder-to-shoulder with the poor because the car was still in its infancy, restricting the distance for travel to work. Additionally, when the Great Depression struck the US, the government didn't protect the rich. This had an equalizing effect on public opinion of the poor, as the former-wealthy found themselves at the bottom. Much of the support for New Deal programs came from this re-evaluation of public sentiment towards the poor, and the government's responsibility to uplift those most in need.  
  
Had Wall Streets most powerful been left to Adam Smith's invisible hand, a large portion of the wealthy would've experienced a new reality, and you can bet they'd be demanding changes, just as occurred during the New Deal period. 




 I once considered myself a middle-class American, but I came from generational poverty that my mom and dad couldn't escape. To live a better life than my parents, I worked 2 jobs to make my bills if I lived alone, or one job and attended school while having a roommate. When first starting out, I blamed my parents' for the poverty we lived in, even though my dad was working two jobs to support our large family. He became a stranger in my life, unable to attend baseball games, help with homework, or offer any of the life lessons to ensure my success as an adult. I now realize the heroic sacrifice my dad made to keep me fed, clothed, and sheltered, by forgoing his own comfort and sticking around. He voted Republican.  
  
Unlike the author, I do behave like a corporation in my day-to-day dealings with the corporate world. I think of this as 'exploiting hidden investment opportunities.' When I find a loophole in, for example, a corporate coffee shop or drugstore, I exploit it viciously. The same applies to energy companies, television/radio entertainment, and travel. And like a corporation, I feel absolutely no remorse for my actions. I feel no pity for the corporate world or the monied class because I know they care nothing at all for me. I encourage anyone and everyone to behave like a corporation, and look for ways to exploit them. 




 I have written about the Constitution and the Supreme Court's role in [validating unconstitutional ideologies](http://streetwithnoname.wordpress.com/2014/05/16/the-lie-that-provides-supreme-court-justices-with-lifetime-appointments/) that perpetuate economic inequality. The majority of the Constitution's framers were lawyers, a profession most colonists distrusted, which made ratification an extremely difficult task. Peter Irons addressed the class divide and its ramifications for the average Americans in *A People's History of the Supreme Court*. Irons stated that the Constitution supports a legal system that requires the individual to employ lawyers, a financial burden that deterred the most economically disadvantaged from filing a suit. Even the defendants in the most famous cases often needed pro bono assistance, as in the case of Dred Scott, who placed an appeal in the NY Times for representation. 




 I lived in a small Turkish city in the mid 1980s and the country was under military rule. I learned that Mustafa Kemal Ataturk fought hard to create a secular system of government because he understood the instability inherent in a religious system of government. It seems his vision is collapsing back into another version of the Ottoman empire that Ataturk despised. Turkey isn't joining the fight against Daesh because it would help the Kurdish people, and strengthen their fight for an independent region. This move may backfire, as Daesh could possibly overrun Turkey. 




 I've not heard about this and would appreciate if you'd give me a list of states this happened in. 




 I've [noted](http://www.truth-out.org/speakout/item/25369-generational-change) some of the author's complaints about the Supreme Court in the past, and support the idea of placing term limits on our justices. 




 Do you really believe Perry can pull those kind of numbers? 




 I salute your effort, but feel it's important to point out that Marx's theory wasn't critical toward the American economic system because it was still in the late stages of a market economy and hadn't made the transition to capitalism. However, from its beginnings the American form of government was designed to protect white male property owners. This created the perfect climate for the growth of capitalism.  
  
I would also point out that former Socialist Presidential candidate Eugene Debs campaigned from prison in the 1920 election and received almost one million votes. Imagine that happening today. 




 Your post took a lot of time and effort, and I applaud the results. 




 I'm sorry there's not enough participation. I wanted to update and continue my discussion but I am also on deadline with a story. Here is the list of resources that I used:  
  
Cliff Sloan and David McKean, *The Great Decision Jefferson, Adams, Marshall, and the Battle for the Supreme Court* (New York: PublicAffairs, 2009).  
  
Doris Kearns Goodwin, *The Bully Pulpit: Theodore Roosevelt, William Howard Taft, and the Golden Age of Journalism*, First Simon   Schuster hardcover edition (New York: Simon   Schuster, 2013).  
  
James MacGregor Burns, *Packing the Court: the Rise of Judicial Power and the Coming Crisis of the Supreme Court* (New York: The Penguin Press, 2009).  
  
Peter H. Irons, *A Peoples History of the Supreme Court* (New York: Viking, 1999).  
 




 Ill begin with the construction of the Supreme Court, which consist of 8 Justices and one Chief Justice. There are currently 9 federal circuit courts with a SCJ assigned to each circuit, a tradition begun by George Washington when he chose the Courts first justices, which he did by region as a means to appease the infant nations eclectic population. A SCJ serves for life, unless they retire, resign, or suffer impeachment; the reasoning for the lifetime provision is to place the SCJ above the political fray. This rationale has never been true, and I would challenge one to find more than a handful of SCJ who werent ideologically committed to the political party that brought their nomination. Beginning with Washington, who chose only loyal federalists while president, each POTUS has searched for candidates that reflect their, and the Partys, ideology. Pundits describe a justice as conservative or liberal, but these are just code words for Republican or Democratic. The Courts mandate is to test the constitutionality of legislation, a power it derived from *Marbury v. Madison* in 1803. The Constitutions original and driving intent is to protect white, male, property owners from legislation that would impede economic growth. With this mandate in mind, the Courts decision to expand free speech rights in *Citizens United* played right into its wheelhouse. Let me explain why.  
  
The contemporary Courts roots are planted in the Reagan/Bush Era, and both administrations stated strategy to place enough justices to gain the five votes necessary to overturn *Roe v. Wade*. The 1990 presidential election between Bush/Clinton was a mandate on the abortion issue because whoever won would choose a minimum of 2 justices. Clinton vowed to protect *Roe* with his nominations, and the people responded by choosing the Arkansas governor. Had Bush won, his nominations wouldve joined Antonin Scalia, Anthony Kennedy, and Clarence Thomas. Instead, Clinton placed Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Joseph Breyer, a move that dampened any move to challenge the abortion law. I mention this because the abortion issue turned on the personhood of a fetus and when it gained viable recognition.  
  
When it comes to determining personhood, the Courts record is woeful. Beginning with the *Dred Scott* case, the Court denied blacks any of the Constitutions enumerated protections. Chief Justice Roger Taney decision stated they were property, regarded as beings of an inferior order, and altogether unfit to associate with the white race, either in social or political relations; and so far inferior, that they had no rights that the white man was bound to respect; and that the negro might justly and lawfully be reduced to slavery for his own benefit. Historians describe this decision as the opening shot in the Civil War. The passage of the 13th, 14th, and 15th Amendments were the price to fix slavery, but the Court created two levels of citizenship, national and state, that it applied to *Plessy v. Ferguson*, and in support of separate but equal legislation.  
  
As both the abortion and civil rights issues discussed above demonstrate, the Court is more comfortable ruling on the personhood of a corporation than that of society. The idea that the Constitution might protect the average American on gained prominence with the Warren Court, and the rights it provided are being eyed jealously by a conservative base that finds the rights of labor, women, immigrants, and the poor alien to the Constitution.
 




 Do you want that sent to you in a message, or ...? 




 An exploration of the *Citizens United* case should consider the decision in context with the Court's long history of assigning person-hood as precedent. To answer how the decision effects Americans, a discussion should include *McCutcheon v. FEC*, which passed Constitutional tests based on the *Citizens United* precedent. There are many more elements to consider, however, I'm just spit-balling ideas because I don't know how detailed this post is intent on. 




 And Wall Street investigating Wall Street. It's an opportunity for climate denialist to cast doubt over an investigative organization that provides hard data on mankind's role in harming the ecosystem. 




 I didn't down vote you, but I will answer. If it turns out the money was used illegally, I'll recant my statement. A statement by the organization's oversight committee said the money was used in line with contemporary standards of similar agencies. 




 Read between the lines on this article. The investigation is simply another attempt by two climate-change denialists to discredit a regulatory organization. 




 I will look for the thread, pull it, and see where it takes me. 




 I enjoyed the writeup by the mods, but I want to caution that understanding the U.S. political system requires first answering who was the Constitution designed to protect?  
  
Contrary to most American's understanding, unless the individual was a white male property owner, the Constitution was not written with you in mind. Additionally, when the word "property" was used in the Constitution, it was understood as a code for referring to slaves. Another fallacy was that the founders were a bunch of farmers, but nothing could be farther from the truth; most were merchants and forty-seven percent were practicing lawyers. This is one of the reasons it was so difficult to get the Constitution ratified, as most colonialists deeply distrusted lawyers.  
  
Of even greater importance is the fact that the founders did not trust the public to understand politics well enough to participate in voting, considering it a threat to a democracy. You see, they thought the average person was not smart enough and chose, instead, to saddle future Americans with an electoral system. You can thank the system, and the Supreme Court, for giving the world George W.  
  
Finally, the Constitution was written to support an economic system of growth, but it was not the capitalist system because that was yet to develop. Instead, it was written for a market system. All the laws that Americans follow were adopted as the economic system changed, but the original intent of protecting propertied owners remains the focus of our Constitution. It was only with the Warren Court that individual rights gained prominence, along with the passage of the 1965 Civil Rights Act. It was only then that America almost reached its goal of being a fully democratic nation. Until LGBT individuals gain the same legal rights promised to American citizens, the U.S. will not be "the land of the free." 




 Theodore Roosevelt: He lobbied for labor rights before it was popular, and an eight hour workday. He placed aside a huge chunk of American wilderness for future residents to enjoy. He attacked the political patronage of Wall Street, once telling J.P. Morgan that the President of the United States answers to no corporation. He was tough and smart, willing to sleep on the open plains and able to capture a horse thief alone. He won the Congressional Medal of Honor and the Nobel Peace Prize. As N.Y.C. Police Commissioner, he is credited with overseeing the city's first honest election. There hasn't been another Republican close in stature to T.R., unless it's Abraham Lincoln, which was his hero. 




 This is just another Republican Party attempt to create an issue before the elections that can be used to further divide the public's attention. Anyone paying enough attention will notice that the Republican's traffic in fears of things that might happen, but there's rarely anything behind the issued to provide the truth. A couple of good examples of their fears include the war on christmas and voter fraud. Now we can add jihadists at the border. 




 *Continuum* is a sci-fi series built around economic issues and their influence on future government. 




 And you thought you were having a bad day. 




 Thank you for the reply. 




 I took the test because I seemed to have broken all of this subreddit's rules at some point in the past. Despite feeling confident in my answers, I must not have done as well as I thought. 




 It's imperative that the U.S. government remain separated from religion, or the country will be dragged back to dark ages. When government and religion mix the results are Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, Turkey, Greece, Italy, Ghana, etc. Religion remains one of the most destructive forces on this planet, and for all those who would claim that it does more good, I call bullshit. Knowing right from wrong isn't automatically imparted to those that are "saved". I don't need the threat of some distant, undetectable entity to live a moral life. Religion gives its adherents the permission to behave despicably because asking for forgiveness absolves them. 




 I wrote an [article](http://streetwithnoname.wordpress.com/2014/07/18/history-repeating-itself/) comparing the sociopolitical events at the turn of the 20th century with the same at the turn of the 21st century. Both were scarily similar. 




 So, I'm referring to the Republican's proven record of legislation when I provided the examples. I disavow any association with the list you provided, as I don't share your opinions. I have often been called a redneck, and a hippie when I was younger. However, your argument that the left has shifted is one I don't support. I believe Democrats have shifted right. 




 The OP doesn't really need any help bashing the Republican Party as it's doing a good job alienating almost everyone on its own. Women, LBGT, minorities, unemployed, uninsured, veterans, alternative-energy supporters, and homeowners are just a small sampling of the groups the GOP have actively legislated against in the last decade. If its members aren't commenting on "real rape," they're running away from the public rather than answer the tough questions facing contemporary Americans. 




 I believe most Democrats have shifted right over the years, becoming what were once called moderate Republicans. Living through the Clinton years, Democratic politics became actively pro-corporation, a quality once reserved for the Republican Party. The regulations that kept Wall Street from wrecking the economy since the 1930s were dismantled under Clinton, and Obama continues enjoying a cozy relationship with corporate leaders, despite his rhetoric. If Hillary Clinton wins the Dems nomination and becomes the first female president, don't expect any changes to the financial gambling taking place on Wall Street.  
  
That being said, if the Republicans win back both houses, it will join forces with the conservative wing of the Supreme Court, and create laws that roll back the social advances made by the Warren court. This might lead to overturning *Roe v Wade*, denial of same-sex marriage rights, defunding or overturning of the ACA, renewed support for the carbon energy sector, and more support for the surveillance state.  
  
If the Republicans win back the presidency, the party can pack the Supreme Court with a solid conservative majority after Ginsburg retires. Unlike the Warren court, which interpreted the Constitution as protecting the people, the Roberts court views it as supporting corporations. Additionally, the Republican control of all three branches of government may result in a continued weakening of the separation between church and state. The Hobby Lobby ruling is just the opening foray by conservative S.C. justices in regaining their idealized understanding of the good old days. 




 The simplest answer is that commerce follows the flag. American foreign policy supports the nation's economy, and the amount of "assistance" a country receives is in direct ratio to the amount of resources available for plunder to the U.S. business community. 




 That ten dollars would be better used helping poor Americans. But I do understand your sentiments. The Abrahamic religious writings are littered with examples of child slaughter, so its something acceptable to religious people who profess that killing is wrong. Israel now plays the part of a smaller bully that's protected by a bigger bully (US), and when the world protests its actions, plays the victim. Israel isn't trying to stop Hamas; it's destroying the Palestinians' future by killing their children, which is another well accepted and religiously sanctioned strategy. 




 I'm from the U.S. sickened and enraged that my tax dollars are being used to murder children.  
  
Edit: Wow, [the Pro-Israel brigade](https://twitter.com/JIDF/status/31644105444425729) is out in force on reddit. I'm okay with that, but supporting the atrocities occurring in the 25 mile wide Palestinian territory is morally bankrupt. The Israeli government and its military lost any credibility after targeting those children playing on the beach. In fact, Israel began fomenting trouble when the US started talks with Iran, and countries of the world began recognizing Palestine as a nation. When Palestine applied for recognition with the UN, Israeli leadership went ballistic with anger. The disappearance of three Israeli teens gave hardliners in Israel the excuse they needed to seek an invasion, and unjustly claim the role of victim. It's almost as if Israel has said to the international community, "Okay, if you want to recognize the rights of Palestine, we'll just wipe them off the map."  
  
I'm not okay with that. 




 Wrong...the greatest example of Supreme Court power is the subjugation of black Americans until 1965. In the Dredd Scott decision, Chief Justice Taney described black Americans as subhuman and lacking intelligence. In the Plessy case, the court decided separate but equal was appropriate. I would call the ability to keep an entire race of people in subjugation a mighty form of power. 




 If he went kitesurfing on 7/20, did it take them ten days to find the body, or did it take him ten days to die? The news report for this story is dated July 30. 




 I agree with you that discussions should stick to the issues, instead of pointing fingers to muddy the narrative. 




 The power of a handful of supreme court justices to choose the direction of American law over a number of decades.  
  
When I mention this in reddit political conversations, people push back claiming the court has no real power, but this is simply untrue. It decided a presidential election, whether corporations deserve a voice in the political system, who gets health coverage, and when religious prayer is appropriate.  
  
The media ignores the ideological battle that shapes the justices' view, as though the group is politically neutral. Additionally, too few Americans know the history of the judicial branch, and the changes that combined to produce an out-of-touch Supreme Court. 




 I missed the foreshadowing you mention, but now it makes sense. I viewed the way the characters died (sun or freeze) based on the morality they portrayed. The captain, psych officer, nuclear engineer, and his female friend all show a deep appreciation of other people's lives, and die by fire - which is considered a good death.  
  
The communication officer and engineer are more concerned with their own lives or the mission's success, and ignore the needs of others. The comm officer is willing to take the last space suit to survive, and the engineer is willing to murder the grieving nav officer to save oxygen. Both die by freezing, which is an irony because they're so close to the sun. 




 It's been a while since I've seen the movie, but I'll try.  
  
The Captain dies first during a space walk to repair the heat shield that protects the ship. As the ship's computer makes the necessary corrections to the shield, he is exposed and vaporizes.  
  
The communication's officer is the next to die. After the ship docks with its long-lost counterpart that was launched years earlier and considered destroyed, the exploratory crew become stranded when the ships unexpectedly break the connection. As the new commander, the communications officer demands the derelict ships only spacesuit, but the engineering officer gives it to the nuclear engineer because of his necessity to the mission's completion. This is a form of moral weakness and fear of death. To make it back to the home ship, the communications officer and the engineer must wrap up in the derelict ship's insulation to survive the cold of space in the short interval between being fired from the derelict's airlock and their ship. Realizing that someone must remain behind to operate the airlock, the psych officer volunteers, acknowledging he's the least important to the mission. The communications officer misses the airlock and floats into space where he is shown freezing over before hitting a portion of the space ship and shattering.  
  
The psych officer enters the derelict's observation room and removes the windows protective tinting, exposing himself to the sun's full force, vaporizing him. As the gentlest and most sympathetic character, this is a good death.  
  
After the ship looses its botanical garden, the primary source of oxygen, to fire, the remaining crew are left with only enough oxygen to support four of the remaining five crew members. The crew decides to kill the navigation officer, who is under constant sedation, and the engineer takes responsibility for the duty, but the nav officer has already committed suicide by slitting his wrist.  
  
The female botanist always appeared more concerned with the health of her plants than for her fellow crew members. She is stabbed in the back by the derelict ship's captain, who boarded the ship in secret, and set the garden on fire. In the end, she's seen with dead eyes looking at the only surviving plant cupped into her hands.  
  
The engineer freezes to death as he climbs into a vat of liquid nitrogen in an attempt to return the malfunctioning computer to operational status. He succeeds but died in the process. As the most morally ambiguous member of the crew, his focus was solely on the mission, despite the human costs.  
  
The final two crew members died as the ship plunged into the sun, while its nuclear payload explodes. The derelict-ship captain's death is more uncertain as he may have died from a fall or from the explosion/dive into the sun.  
  
Burn, freeze, or knife - a consistent theme. 




 *Sunshine* was a very interesting sci-fi movie because it was well cast. I also found a theme in the way the characters were killed off. The characters that are sympathetic for the viewer died by fire, while the characters showing weakness of moral apathy died by freezing. Two died at human hands, and by knife. There is a consistent theme via death throughout the movie. It's a deep movie that asks some interesting questions. 




 These quotes come from an [interview](http://magazine.byu.edu/?act=view a=1725) done with Judge Thomas B. Griffith. His statement directly contradicts the stand taken on this court issue.  
  
Carter: You served in the legislative branch (as Senate legal counsel), in the executive branch (as an appointee to the Title IX Commission), and you now serve in the judicial branch. Many recent political battles have stemmed from the disputes about the appropriate balance of power among the three branches, and much has been made about the "accountability" of the judiciary. How do you view the role of the judiciary generally, and how would you describe the judicial philosophy of Judge Tom Griffith?  
  
Griffith: I believe that life-tenured judges in the federal judiciary have a very distinct and limited role. They must avoid the temptation to make law or to substitute their own judgment about what is right in any given case for what the people have already decided through legislation or regulation or for what their courts and the Supreme Court have already decided in case law. The role of a judge is to apply the law to the dispute at hand and to avoid the temptation to substitute his or her personal views about what is right.  
 




 Man is the cruelest animal. 




 I've looked into this further and Reuters edited the lede after I posted the story. For any article from Reuters, I always use the first paragraph as the submission title for the article because Reuters almost always puts the lede in there. 




 I've gone through this with other moderators. I use addthis to post articles from my news feed, feedly, and this is the title that the site uses. Go to the article and read your tab and you will see the true title the website used. 




 This quote comes directly from the article and reflects a substantial argument. 




 I agree with your bias opinion concerning NPR, and when I read a news source I pay close attention to the writer's choice of descriptive words and overall tone. A good example is that NPR originally followed right-wing media outlets in calling the Affordable Care Act "Obamacare." By using that term, NPR perpetuated the negative image of the legislation, a mistake it has since worked to correct. I can recognize immediately the bias in an article by focusing on tone and word choice, but visiting multiple media outlets (Reuters, AP, AJE, NYT, WaPo, Slate, The Nation, Scientific American, LA Times, Salon, etc.) offers the most well rounded view.  




 *Lucky Number Slevin* or *Kiss Kiss, Bang Bang*. 




 *Sunshine* and *Mr. Nobody* are both excellent movies that deal with existential issues, with the former combining sci-fi and horror, and the latter providing humor. 




 A well thought out list, thanks. 




 The early 1900s were years when the political machines on both sides thrived using a patron system. Tammany was a big Democratic political machine in New York but its influence stretched to the White House. Mark Hanna was the big political boss for the Republican party and after Roosevelt left office and Taft took over, Hanna was able to exert considerable control over the presidency. He was aided in this by the Platt machine, and by Roosevelt spending a year abroad big game hunting in Africa. Taft didn't really want to be president, instead wanting to be a member of the Supreme Court. When the promise of advancement to the Supreme Court was dangled in front of Taft, it was like the horse and carrot being led wherever the driver pointed. 




 Again, you're correct. 




 Now I get it...sorry if I seemed a bit harsh. 




 Nice list. 




 If you're a truly conservative Republican, how can you continence governance by a foreign citizen?  




 I like Taft, as well, but his desire to please Republican bosses made him a puppet-like president. 




 Would you place them in that order? That's a very good list, by the way, although Coolidge is a bit of a surprise. What do you like about him? 




 I don't know that many will respond to this post because reddit appears very liberal, but I also don't want to leave any presidents out of the discussion. 




 Suburbanization began with the introduction of the automobile, however, the number and class of people who could afford the move didn't increase until after WWII. After the war, the Kaiser corporation, a former U.S. battleship producer, applied assembly-line techniques to producing houses. Flush with wages from working for the war effort, Americans could afford the mass produced housing, and the suburban landscape exploded in popularity. 




 I see your point about composition vs. development, but I view the question from that of an urban historian. A more complete understanding of my view can be found in *My Blue Heaven: Life and Politics in the Working-class Suburbs of Los Angeles, 1920-1965* by Becky Nicolaides. Because working-class suburbs bordered upon mixed race housing, there was more friction among whites and non-whites that eventually erupted in the Watts riots of the 1960s, according to Nicolaides. She describes many of the points you mentioned in your post, such as residents building their homes in a piece-by-piece fashion, and the close proximity to industrial buildings in the neighborhoods. 




 You've done a fairly thorough job of making a case for the car's influence on American cities, but there are also other factors that influenced the suburb's rise. Kevin Kruse's book, *White Flight*, describes how race impacted the rise of suburbia by allowing white Americans to escape the city's grip. Red zoning and covenants, made suburban areas more attractive to whites by excluding non-whites as homeowners. The failure of this policy is well documented by Thomas Sugrue in *The Origins of the Urban Crisis*, a superbly researched book about the decline of Detroit. If you would like more reading material about L.A., Allen Scott edited a wonderful book of essays entitled, *The City: Los Angeles and Urban Theory at the End of the Twentieth Century*. It is a thick book, but well worth the read for L.A. residents. 




 I will not agree to disagree with you because we would both be wrong. As I've stated in the past, I will trust my colleagues' assurances that my statements are appropriate over that of a mod. They reminded me that a reddit mod in all likelihood has never presented a peer-reviewed paper for publication, nor forced to defend it before an audience of history professionals. In reality, it's a minor subreddit on a site that most historians are unaware exists and that I infrequently perused. As for your reply, it's as pithy as any I ever posted with the exception that I wouldn't have wasted as much time on it. 




 You find the truth upsetting, but when I was invited to join this subreddit, it was with the direct intent of providing a level of expertise regarding questions of American history. As for requiring citations, this comes from years of requiring students to prove the thesis under argument. That's what historians do, by standing on the shoulders of giants and recognizing their contributions through citations we set historical precedents that will hopefully lead to the truth. It's just this mindset used by creationists to decry evolution, and the mods buy into it when citationless statements are given as fact because it has a feeling of truthiness. You may continue to take my vocal stance against not trusting uncited sources as rude, but I consider it a prudent practice. However, you did decide that one of my posts was uncited and politically motivated, so there's some hypocrisy going on with your statement.  
  
As for the statement about being downvoted, that was in a q a about making the subreddit more professional and trusted, and I received replies from mods in agreement that directed me to use the report button to alert the mods. I stand by statements about the subjective quality of language, and its ability to "make" people feel an emotion. If something in my language hit a nerve, I would recommend exploring why it made you feel "bad" in order to overcome the offending complex. Finally, the "veiled threat" post was in response to a mod's comment that I not further pursue the matter in question, by suggesting it would get me banned. That is not really a veiled threat, as it's just a threat. I don't consider myself confrontational, but I will defend my position with citations and logic until they are proven wrong. The comment I was banned over was an observation that an event as historically important as the call for war among nations in WWII contained *x* number of comments but no citations. When I last checked, fourteen other redditors agreed with my assessment. Apparently pointing out this inconvenient truth is considered rude. It's also why I expected trouble with r/askhistorians because its mods promote the subreddit as being eminently trustworthy when in fact, Wikipedia requires citations to support a statement or a *citation needed* flag is attached. Conversely, r/askhistorians just shrugs its shoulders and places the burden of trust on the reader, who must ask for a citation.  




 Perhaps I've mistaken the purpose of this subreddit. I was under the impression that it was a place to come for trusted answers to history related questions. Now that I understand it's only around for the novelty or trivial questions that don't require sources, I won't take things so seriously. In fact, I think I'll just stop participating in this self-important subreddit so as to no longer hurt the moderators childish sensibilities. 




 I have plenty of sources on WWII and the call to war, however, I don't give out information to a question without an appropriate source to cite. When I read answers without citations attached, I consider it conjecture or hearsay, and not to be taken seriously. 




 Twenty-seven comments reported, but I can't find a single citation among the lot. It's all opinion, or "I'm a huge WWII history buff," without any substance. 




 I suggest searching the [National Museum of American History](http://americanhistory.si.edu/), the [Library of Congress](http://www.loc.gov/index.html), and the [Internet Archive Digital Library](http://archive.org/). 




 Beware Greeks bearing gifts. 




 I don't have a copy of the radio announcement, but you can see a newsreel about it [here.](https://archive.org/details/tobacco_pew27a00) 




 This submission's relationship to history is obvious to the viewer, however, r/history mods have removed it because I didn't leave a summary telling reader what to think about the submission. I believe r/history redditors are smart enough to figure out what's going on in the link. I submitted the post because it's interesting and about history, but I don't want to lead any type of discussion, give you my thoughts and feelings on the matter, or provide inspiration. In fact, this is probably the last item I'll submit to this subreddit. 




 Reading biographies from people of Philby's era, many appeared deeply offended by the economic disparity in the surrounding world and believed that either communism or socialism offered a solution. Students absorbed a more liberal message from professors at college, much as happened in the 1960s, with the Freedom Rides, Civil Rights, and Vietnam War protests. 




 Good call. Philby was a member of the "Cambridge Five" that burrowed so deeply into British and American Intelligence. Two members of this group, Donald Maclean and Guy Burgess, were credited with alerting the Chinese to American military positions during the Korean War. The Chinese learned from these Brits that the Americans were unwilling to use the nuclear option and would not invade China if its troops aided the N. Koreans. 




 No one important. 




 Anyone interested in understanding the impetus for climate-change denials should read [this](http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/may/26/sponsors-of-pentagons-alarm-raising-climate-study-/) story from the Washington Times about "Retired officers poised to profit after Pentagons alarmist climate change report". The story quotes the United Nations as denying the evidence for climate change. 




 You are not a source, and lacking citations, I can only take your comments as opinions and untrustworthy. 




 Wow...good article by the WaTi on the military experts who are implementing positive change on the environment and making money while doing it. The writer turns his laser-like attention on where these guys get there money. Now it he could only do the same investigation on the crooks on wall street who wrecked our economy.  
  
edit: For those too thick to notice, this is sarcasm. 




 Can you provide me some sources that support your thesis? I stand by my sources offering proof of Soviet superiority in the intelligence sector. 




 The Soviets ability to put Sputnik into orbit, and its plans for spy satellites, pushed the U.S. to develop a technical intelligence. Stalin's spies placed bugs, and tapped phones at the highest levels of American government. The U.S. contemporarily holds the edge in electronic intelligence collection, but discounting the advantage of human intelligence (humint) is foolish. The Soviets placed more top level agents in the CIA, NSA, FBI, DOD, MI6, etc. than Americans, and the amount and quality of information they collected far exceeds anything the U.S. could manage. 




 Roosevelt suffered from a crippling affliction, and treatment required regular contact with average Americans. In addition, his wife visited and actively supported the nation's poorest. And mentioning Bush as a credit, and deserving of entrance to Harvard because of his intelligence is humorous. 




 I'm surprised no one mentioned espionage, but in the field of intelligence gathering, the USSR out-spied the US. This ability allowed the Soviets to produce an atomic weapon in 1949, a far shorter time frame than U.S. intelligence sources predicted. It also gave them a edge during negotiations during and after WWII because recruited sources provided information about where U.S. policy was firm and where it could me manipulated.  
  
In contrast, the majority of foreign agents the U.S. tried to infiltrate into the USSR were captured and killed or placed in Gulags. Stalin's network of spies within country kept a close eye on any foreigners because he distrusted any non-Soviets. WWII Soviet army veterans were also considered untrustworthy by Stalin because of contact with Western decadence and targeted for Gulags, as well.  
  
Sources:  
  
1. Chris Ward, Stalins Russia, 2nd ed, Reading History (London: New York: Arnold; Oxford University Press, 1999).  
  
2. Anne Applebaum, Gulag a History (New York: Anchor eBooks, 2010).  
  
3. Zubok, V M, and Konstantin Pleshakov. Inside the Kremlin's Cold War: From Stalin to Khrushchev (Cambridge, Mass: Harvard University Press, 1996). 




 Legally buying an election - brought to you by the Supreme Court and the RNC. If you can't win election with the popular vote, just buy it. 




 If this is the case, I commend Harvard's administration for helping students. My point, however, is that we have a narrow range of higher education institutions providing our future presidents' with socialization and education in their most formative years. When our presidents attend smaller institutions, such as Reagan and Johnson, their attitudes reflect an inclusive and empathetic attitude toward the most economic disadvantaged. 




 You don't see the inherent contradiction in providing lifetime appointments based on a blatant falsehood? The selection process for a SCJ requires the appointee be vetted through the legislative branch, which decides on whether the seeker is politically acceptable. The belief that a lifetime appointment automatically creates an impartial judge is laughable when viewed in this context. A quick glance through the court's history on civil liberties reveals that its members followed the ideological tides by supporting both slavery and separate-but-equal laws when any impartial judge, and history itself, would view them as a moral outrage. 




 No problem. From its very beginnings the SC has been driven by political ideology, and the manipulations of presidents to place like-minded individuals in this seat of power. The case that provided the SC with its power over judicial review is a good example of this. *Marbury v. Madision* hinges on the fight between Federalists and Democratic-Republicans to control the judicial character of the SC. The fight to control the court's ideological makeup continues with each President, the exception being Jimmy Carter (no appointee). Rather than placing a justice above the political fray, a lifetime appointment allows SCJ to "treat the Constitution as a thing of wax, to be molded into any shape the members so desire," as T. Jefferson warned. 




 I am currently researching the Supreme Court's history to understand why American historians teach that Justices receive lifetime appointments in order to remain above the influence of the contemporary political climate when this is clearly untrue. I've read and made notes on the following:  
  
1. Cliff Sloan and David McKean, The Great Decision Jefferson, Adams, Marshall, and the Battle for the Supreme Court.  
  
2. James MacGregor Burns, Packing the Court the Rise of Judicial Power and the Coming Crisis of the Supreme Court.  
  
3. Sandra Day OConnor, Out of Order.  
  
4. Peter H Irons, A Peoples History of the Supreme Court.  
  
5. Frederick S. Lane, The Court and the Cross.  
  
I'm searching for additional readings that discuss the cultural and social aspects of the scholastic atmosphere S.C. Justices encountered. Any help on this is greatly appreciated.
 




 To answer this question, visit renowned oral historian [Studs Terkel's](http://conversations.studsterkel.org/index.php) website. He does a wonderful interview with [Cesar Chavez](http://conversations.studsterkel.org/results.php?keywords=cesar+chavez startdate= enddate= title= summary= nameI= gallery=) that addresses your question. 




 I have a graduate degree from a university not in the top 10, and would rate it as good, if not better than an Ivy League graduate. Gaining knowledge is a personal journey with results dependent on the individual. A degree from an Ivy school imparts a sense of sophistication and learning earned just via the school's name - a pedigree of sorts. It also means a sheltered understanding of the greater world. The two presidents who didn't attend a top 10 school were Lyndon Johnson and Ronald Reagan. Both presidents had a profound influence on the average American, with Johnson launching the war on poverty, and Reagan redefining the definition of poverty. Is it difficult to recognize the influence education had on these two men? 




 I can't speak to every elected president has shared the urge to institute change, but I can discuss the commonalities of the presidents who were elected in the 20th and 21st centuries.  
  
First, the U.S. elected 18 presidents during this period, and seventeen graduated from college. Only Harry Truman failed to attend college. Fourteen of the seventeen presidents graduated from a school in the nation's top [20 as ranked by U.S. News   World Report.](http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/rankings/national-universities/data) An education at these universities costs an average of $43,000 annually.  
  
The complaint that our leaders are out of touch is absolutely correct, as they are educated at elite universities that celebrate exclusiveness. The imbalance on the Supreme Court is even more alarming as 5 Justices are alumni of Harvard Law School, 3 Justices attended Yale Law School, and a single Justice attended Columbia Law School. All three schools are ranked in the top five universities. That's a very narrow scholastic range for such a diverse country, and it results in an elitist point of view. 




 I feel the same way sometimes, but if I can't provide the citation, I just forgo answering the question. 




 I know this will be down voted viciously, but I've had run in with the mods for the tone of a reply comment. My complaint is that the mods allow too many responses that have no citations. Users are simply regurgitating information they saw in a movie, or on a History Channel special, without investigating the veracity of the information. If the mods maintained a level of consistency regarding the citation of information, I would trust this subreddit much more. Additionally, while wikipedia is a great place to find sources on a subject, it's too susceptible to manipulation, and should have limited trust as a source. 




 I began working in the tobacco fields of middle Tennessee at eight years old in the early 1970s. I made .25 cents hourly, and by the time I left the fields for more traditional employment at 16 years old, I was making $2 per hour. My family didn't own any of the tobacco fields; instead, I worked in a neighbor's fields, or any of the other area growers needing help. I did everything from laying out the seed beds in preparation of the spring planting, to stripping and bundling the leaves for its eventual sale. I once fell off the top rung in a three story barn while hanging the tobacco leaves, freshly cut from the field, and in advance of the firing process that gives the tobacco its brown, cured appearance. Because I was small, I fit well in the small spaces at the barn's roof, but the inside temperature was well in excess of 100 degrees. I passed out and woke up in a bed of tobacco leaves in the tail-bed of a truck. I was told I fell right into the back of the truck, which probably saved my life because the leaves cushioned my fall. The guy I was working for was irritated because it slowed work down. He watched as I drank two big cups of water, and then sent me right back up to the top tier. It's extremely hard work, but the only paying job in the area, at the time. Tennessee labor laws didn't allow a child to begin work until age 16, and even if it allowed for an earlier age, the area was so rural that only tiny country stores offered employment. Additionally, most of those jobs went to the store owners' kids. 




 I would also point out that most of the supreme court justices from this era were former lawyers for the american railroad industry, who brought their unique perspective of capitalism from that business sector. 




 Looking at the bigger picture, why has the Supreme Court shifted its support of free speech in elections from protecting voters to protecting corporations and large donors? It all begins with precedents and Citizens United set the stage for McCutcheon. More recently, the Court decided to break the barrier between church and state by deciding prayer before government meetings is acceptable.  
  
Taking a closer look at the Justices themselves, five possess law degrees from Harvard, three have law degrees from Yale, and one attended law school at Columbia University. These are among the top five universities in the U.S., with the most millionaire alumni, and a rarefied atmosphere. The cost to earn a law degree from these universities averages $280k, well beyond the financial reach of average Americans.  
  
As for religious convictions, there are six Catholics and three Jews sitting on the court. This doesn't bode well for the pro-choice crowd if another attack on Roe v. Wade takes place. How long will it take corporations to earn religious rights from the court?  
  
We have six men on the court who bring a sense of entitlement to their positions, while the three women offset it with empathy. Most of the court's members have operated within the elite atmosphere populated by the very wealthy, and have lost touch with average American. We should be very afraid of the ideological reach enjoyed by the Supreme Court, and question its pivot in free speech from that of the average American to the wealthy and corporate elites. 




 The influence of the Supreme Court is overwhelming in American history. I would point you to the Dred Scott case that left an entire population of black Americans in slavery until after the Civil War. Next, I would remind you of the "separate but equal" hogwash in the Plessy decision. Explain to those millions of lives that the Supreme Court has no power and played a limited role in keeping them enslaved.  
  
Wow...the truth has no place on this subreddit. 




 This is original content that examines the political impact of charter schools. 




 Good response...this helps me understand the argument against lifetime terms. 




 I didn't offer hypotheticals, instead providing two concrete examples of when a Supreme Court decision was ignored. Your prohibition examples are more of a straw-man argument. 




 Thank you, as this is precisely the way I view the powers of the Supreme Court. 




 Can you provide me with some sources so that I can understand this issue better? I want to trust your word, but the "political question" explanation is one I've not heard before. 




 The Supreme Court has the final say on whether a law is constitutional, and if not, it is struck down. The president and congress can legislate all day but if the law's considered unconstitutional, it is overturned. While the court doesn't have the power of enforcement, it still makes the laws. The U.S. is a nation built on laws, and I can only think of two instances when a president ignored Supreme Court rulings: A. Jackson and the trail of tears, and A. Lincoln and the suspension of habeus corpus during the civil war years.  




 Thank you for the source, but Hamilton describes the judiciary as the weakest of the three departments. When did this change, as it is by far the most powerful of the departments today? 




 I appreciate the detailed reply, and you appear to say that Justices are appointed for life to remain aloof from politics. This appears to be the common argument, but are there any other reasons given for lifetime appointments? I would also like to study more about the ideas you listed so may I please have a source? 




 Is this the only argument given for allowing life-time appointments? Also, can you give me a source for this answer? 




 Yes, your answer does help in the context of the dred scott case, but was it considered an outrageous statement by contemporary society? Was the supreme court viewed as an impeccable institution? 




 I did not mean for this to be a soapbox question, so it will be resubmitted as a properly phrased question.  




 According to the readings, it was a failure of the entire system, both regulatory and industry, to protect the investor from buying bad stocks. The number one imperative of a stock broker is to protect its clients from bad investments. The largest investment firms ignored this imperative and pushed stocks they knew were "toxic" on a variety of investors that included city governments, union pension funds, and municipalities.  
  
Fueling this binge was home sales across the U.S., with Country Wide leading the way in offering loans to individuals that in no way qualified. The loans were variable interest that began small and then ballooned into larger payments when the economy dropped and interest rates climbed. Associates were told to expedite loan approvals and ignore or fill in blank spots - anything necessary for loan approval.  
  
Wall Street took these bad loans, cut them into "tranches" that were spread across several stocks to reduce the risks. Ratings agencies provided the stocks with unrealistic ratings, and Wall Street sold them to the world. The stocks were insured, and when the collapse occurred it wiped out the big insurers that paid off the large brokerage houses, leaving nothing for the small investor.  
  
Goldman Sachs role is particularly heinous because it sold massive numbers of these toxic (the word appeared consistently throughout all nine books I read) stocks, and then bet against them on the market. The amount of money this firm made off of the misery of the poor is pornographic.  




 You are being an apologist for the corporate malfeasance that occurred during the run-up to 2008. These are individuals that micro-managed large amounts of money and knew exactly what they were doing and how to hide shady practices from regulation. Most people don't realize that financial institutions get to choose which federal department will regulate the company, and opt for the regulatory agency that is the most understaffed and least informed about the type of trades in which it specializes. Read the books I listed above and I guarantee you'll be absolutely livid by the devastation caused by the industry's greed.  




 That is a question I cannot answer. 




 I don't have the books in front of me, but you'll still learn more by reading about the event. 




 I'm sure examples of casual clothing abound throughout history, but my favorite is that of Thomas Jefferson. When Senator William Plumer arrived to meet Jefferson at the President's House in Washington, D.C. on 1802, the president was "dressed, or rather undressed, with an old brown coat, red waist-coat, old corduroy small clothes, much soiled, wooled hose and slippers without heels." Imagine the uproar in contemporary media if a president conducted business dressed this way.  
  
Source:  
1. Cliff Sloan and David McKean, The Great Decision Jefferson, Adams, Marshall, and the Battle for the Supreme Court (New York: Public Affairs, 2009). 




 In my efforts to understand the financial crisis I searched for books about it and discovered this [list](http://www.goodreads.com/list/show/9050.Understanding_the_Financial_Crisis_2008). I read all the books on this list up to #9, which I considered the best book, and all the authors detailed how investment and banking firms used poorly regulated methods to basically con home buyers into financing/refinancing loans. Sadly, the authors contribute the lack of criminal prosecutions to an unwillingness by the government to prosecute the offenders. If you want to understand the crisis, read the books on this list. The 2008 economic crisis and its causes are far too complicated to explain in a reddit post. 




 Many civil war historians aver that by passing the 13th amendment, northerners believed southern slaves would desert or turn on their masters and create additional turmoil and fear. A persistent fear experienced by a large portions of southerners during the antebellum period was that the slave population would participate in an uprising. Nat Turner's rebellion and John Brown's raid both played on these fears and were fresh in their minds when the 13th amendment was ratified.  
  
Sources:
1. Tony Horwitz, Midnight Rising: John Brown and the Raid That Sparked the Civil War, 2011.  
  
2. Richard Valelly, The Two Reconstructions: The Struggle for Black Enfranchisement (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2004).

 




 As for the number of presidents who grew up wealthy, I researched the individuals elected during the 20th and 21st centuries, and where they attended college. Of the 18 presidents, 14 attended a top ten ranked university where tuition and lodging costs far exceed the national average. Only three of the 18 attended small public schools - Warren Harding (Ohio Central College), Lyndon Johnson (Southwest Texas State Teachers College), and Ronald Reagan (Eureka College). Harry Truman is the only president serving in the 20th and 21st century who did not attend college.  
  
The remaining fourteen presidents attended Harvard, Yale, Stanford, Princeton, Columbia, and Amherst. I realize it is unfair to generalize an individual's economic standing by alumni status, but to successfully reach the position of president contemporarily requires attending a school that provides a degree with a pedigree. 




 Hello Dr. Mack, and thank you for taking the time to answer questions. My question is about the repercussions on Earth for a large meteor strike on an inner galaxy rocky planet. If a meteor strike hitting Mars, Venus, or the Moon was powerful enough to change its orbit, would this have detrimental effects on Earth? 




 Creationism wins!!! 




 So the relationship between peer-reviewed research and creationism, and its effects on the scientific community is unacceptable for this subreddit?  




 Journalists weren't the only individuals filming the war, as some soldiers brought along their own equipment. A good example of this is Robert Fuller, a Hollywood director who served as an infantry soldier with the 1st Infantry Division. Fuller carried an 8mm Bell   Howell camera with him while storming Omaha Beach on DDay; he earned a Silver Star on that day helping to open a hole on the German line, and when communications went down, making an insane dash across open sand to inform his commander. Fuller said he preferred the B H because it was rugged and handled wet, cold conditions well. He filmed the Battle of the Bulge, and near the end of the war, the liberation of Falkenau Concentration Camp in Czechoslovakia. I saw portions of this film while doing research at Huntington Library, and it shows the citizens of the city next to the camp - man, woman, and child - being forced to walk through the camp and view the human carnage. He filmed as his unit forced locals to collect the dead bodies littering the camp, and give them proper burials that included a funeral procession.  
  
Sources:  
LIBERATING IMAGES? Samuel Fuller's Film of Falkenau Concentration Camp, Marsha Orgeron. Film Quarterly. Berkeley: Winter 2006/2007. Vol. 60, Iss. 2;  pg. 38, 10 pgs  
  
Fuller, Samuel, Christa L. Fuller, and Jerome H. Rudes. A Third Face: My Tale of Writing, Fighting, and Filmmaking. New York: Alfred A. Knoff, 2002.  
  

I don't know if this info helped but you might also consider looking into George Stevens, another Hollywood director and cameraman who was assigned by the military to film the war. Like Fuller, he filmed DDay landings, but from a greater distance. He also filmed numerous concentration camp atrocities that were used during the Nuremberg trials; the footage was also placed in the Library of Congress. I'm sorry to say my notes don't tell me what camera he used.  
  
Source:  
  
Moss, Marilyn A. Giant: George Stevens, a Life on Film. Madison: University of Wisconsin Press, 2004. 




 When choosing your secondary sources, be sure to rely heavily on university press books. If you need help finding sources, find the most recent book or article addressing your subject, and look at their sources. Follow the same steps with the resulting sources and you start building a fairly solid historiography. Good luck. 




 I commend you for reaching out here to collect topic suggestions. I wish this source had been available when I was a graduate student. I find my best writing occurs when I connect the past to the present by asking questions related to interesting topics. Lately, I've asked myself how S.C. justices have evolved during the court's tenure? For instance, much is written about the legislative and federal branches of government, but the Supreme Court's influence is often overlooked except in extreme cases such as *Dred Scott*. This is just an example of how to generate ideas, but I also suggest you keep in mind the availability and accessibility of primary resources. In order to do part of my thesis, I was forced to travel to UCLA and the Huntington Library, because they housed a generous number of archived film from Hollywood's early years. The greater number of primary sources available makes for a stronger, reasoned thesis analysis. 




 This article contains original political analysis, and the title is lifted from the article and is a summation of the reporting. 




 I don't know if this helps but over at Engadget there's a video that...["Over the course of roughly 90 minutes, Shuhei Yoshida and Mark Cerney cover everything from the former getting banned from Nintendo's Miiverse (twice), how the PS Move controller signaled a new era of design teamwork at Sony and what it was like working under SCEA's legendarily hard-nosed chief, Ken Kutaragi."](http://www.engadget.com/2014/04/24/shuhei-yoshida-mark-cerny-playstation) 




 It was the battle between the two ideologies that most hurt the poor. When the U.S. exited WWII, it was the only major country that didn't experience the direct devastation of war. In fact, it offered funds to struggling nation's so as to rebuild. Those loans were repaid with interest, but it also placed the nations receiving funds under U.S. economic control of its market development. With all of these economic advantages, the U.S. government decided to invest in the military instead of its people; it chose guns over butter. 




 My studies on race, urban, and media history has profoundly changed the way I view American society. Understanding media's role in the "red scare" and government's response to socialism, along with its fight against labor, allow me to understand the world I live in today. If we include Cold War history, almost the entire 20th century history in the U.S. revolves around the battle between two disparate economic ideologies - socialism and capitalism.  
  
The battle between these two ideologies touched every U.S. citizen in some manner, but the greatest burden fell on the nation's poor. Detroit is a good example of what happens to a city when it ignores the plight of the poor, while concentrating on the wealthy. Thomas Sugrue, *The Origins of the Urban Crisis : Race and Inequality in Postwar Detroit* provides a chilling history of this event. Moreover, I don't understand why more historians don't become angry over the repeated examples of government's ill treatment of the poor.
 




 Not if you've defined yourself out of poverty. The current economic system in the U.S. is not designed to alleviate poverty. Capitalism is an economic system deeply dependent on the ideology that it selects winners and losers impartially, but this just isn't the case. Americans believe that if they own *x, y, or z*, they must be in the middle-class. Ask yourself, "If I lost my job today, could I go six months without unemployment benefits, while maintaining my current lifestyle? Do I have enough saved for retirement that one minor emergency (medical?) doesn't wipe out my entire funds?" If you answered 'no', then you aren't really in the middle class. 




 I believe Americans avoid looking at the realities of their social position because it means the individual might have to acknowledge living in poverty. 




 I am, however, educated in determining social classes. I don't just limit my definition of social class to economics. To be firmly in the American middle-class, I argue, the individual/family has sufficient income from a paycheck to place a portion into savings or the stock market after paying the monthly bills. They own a home, with multiple cars, and can afford to send their children to a state college without student loans. Credit card use is for the sake of convenience, and not because it's needed. If an individual/family lives paycheck-to-paycheck, the future is the now and offers little hope for advancement. 




 This hasn't been my experience, but let's take you for an example. How do you define the social class in which you reside? What are its boundaries? Is it all about income, or does access to education and other social institutions also play a part? 




 When did alternet become a restricted domain for r/politics? 




 Why is your reply with the veiled threat suggesting I not pursue the matter, and your demand for unearned respect not posted? And please provide me with a definition of the terms "snippy" and "dismissive" along with examples from my reply that you consider disrespectful. 




 I won't apologize to you or the OP for being "snippy" or "dismissive" as they are subjective qualities. The reality is that I can't make you "feel" anything as only you have the power to do that. I can, however, point out the faulty nature of an argument, and if that hurts someone's feelings, I suggest they grow a thicker skin. Such is the nature of academics. 




 He questioned my source, a university press book, because it didn't match his wikipedia source. If my attitude was "dismissive" it's because I don't believe in wikipedia as a source, and my students aren't allowed to use it other than to find a starting point for finding library sources for a topic. 




 I did make a polite and sourced rebuttal that the OP called " bullshit".  




 While Nixon didn't get hired by Hoover, Reagan worked as an informer for the FBI while working in Hollywood as an union president. 




 No need for expletives, as I didn't allude to a large number to describe the Irish movement, opting instead to use the ambiguous term "many." As for your argument, its third sentence contradicts the first two sentences by admitting that a number of Irish were fighting for independence. Arguing over size is simply an exercise in semantics, and one you should address to Snay, not Shay. 




 If you have any arguments with the Fenian question, you should direct them to Mitchell Snay, or perhaps his publisher, Louisiana State University Press. Make sure to tell them you're upset that Snay's research doesn't match that of wikipedia, and that a university press's validation process just wasn't thorough enough. 




 What I believe you're trying to ask is why the "other" or "outsider" in the U.S. was identified as such, and how/why this changed? For the purposes of this answer, I define anyone who is not white or of Anglo descent as the "other".  
  
In the nation's history, black Americans have occupied the position of "other" for almost its entirety. The defining characteristics of African Americans popular in antebellum America changed after the Civil War when they gained agency through economic and educational growth. In the southern states, new laws restricted this development for AA's, allowing many negative stereotypes to persist.  
  
Source: 1. Richard Valelly, The Two Reconstructions: The Struggle for Black Enfranchisement (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2004).  
  
The evolution of the Irishman also developed during this period, as many were taken straight of the boat at Ellis Island and placed directly into the Union Army. Back home, the Irish were fighting for independence from England and many came to the U.S. to gain military experience that they could take home to Ireland. As the U.S. experienced the second industrial revolution, and urban populations exploded, the Irish earned greater acceptance in relation to AA's and Eastern European immigrants. Irish immigrants told friends they learned 3 things about America. First, the streets weren't paved with gold. Second, the streets weren't paved, period. Third, the Irish were expected to pave the streets.  
  
Source: 1. Mitchell Snay, Fenians, Freedmen, and Southern Whites: Race and Nationality in the Era of Reconstruction (Baton Rouge: Louisiana State University Press, 2007).  
  
As for the additional races and their acceptance, the best way to gain validity as a U.S. citizen was to buy a house. The reasons for this are many, including: it meant the individual was invested in the nation; owning a home required steady employment; homeowners were less likely to be radicals.

Source: 1. David Roediger, Working toward Whiteness: How Americas Immigrants Became White (New York: BasicBooks, 2005).  
  
Hoped this answered some of your question. 




 According to Cold War historians, the American leaders viewed the rearmament of the West Germans as a mainly symbolic gesture to reassure Europeans that all NATO members shared in the defense against communist aggression. The French and Russians were greatly alarmed at the thought of a militarized reunified Germany, and to allay these fears required the aforementioned stationing of U.S. troops in Germany. The U.S. viewed Germany as a temporary speed bump so devastated and wearied by the war that it stood little chance of slowing down a Russian offensive. 




 I realize now that my remarks seem a little harsh, but describing the Soviet Army as a juggernaut seems disingenuous, even for the Soviet experts that populated the period's State Department. Although historians describe the U.S. and U.S.S.R. as the only two superpowers standing, the reality is that the U.S. experienced economic growth without the disastrous wreckage that haunted the Soviets, and in truth was the only real superpower. Stalin admitted that his country and people were tired and needed at least ten years to recover. The rearmament of Germany took place during the later Eisenhower administration, after U.S. policymakers switched from the ideology of containment pushed by George Kennan, to one of brinkmanship or massive retaliation sponsored by Dulles. This change meant that the military response to aggression became only one of a multitude of possible responses, with the atomic option becoming the overriding U.S. strategy.  
  
Sources:  
  
1. Kenneth Osgood, Total Cold War: Eisenhowers Secret Propaganda Battle at Home and Abroad (Lawrence: University of Kansas, 2006).  
  
2. Chris Ward, Stalins Russia, 2nd ed, Reading History (London: New York: Arnold; Oxford University Press, 1999).  
  
3. John Lewis Gaddis, The Cold War a New History (New York: Penguin Press, 2005).  
  
4. John Lewis Gaddis, George F. Kennan an American Life (New York: Penguin Press, 2011).
 




 First, there was no "Soviet juggernaut" waiting to push through Europe and the ideology belongs to the Traditionalism history espoused by W.E. Griffith or T.T. Hammond, according to Chris Ward, author of *Stalin's Russia*.  
  
Revisionist historians such as J.L. Gaddis and R.C. Raack acknowledge the devastation inflicted on Russia by the Germans, but that Stalin hid the nation's weakness with oratory bluster and demonstrations of technological prowess (Sputnik, hydrogen bomb). The U.S. State Department lacked the personnel to properly evaluate the Soviet Union because of the Red Scare and McCarthy's accusations which resulted in the department losing a huge number of analyists.

As to the original question, Germany was rearmed because U.S. leadership believed it was a necessary deterrent, but the French demanded that the Germans host American soldiers as a means of keeping the German Army from reemerging as a threat.  
  
Sources:  

1. John Lewis Gaddis, The Cold War a New History (New York: Penguin Press, 2005).  
  
2.Kenneth Osgood, Total Cold War: Eisenhowers Secret Propaganda Battle at Home and Abroad (Lawrence: University of Kansas, 2006).


  




