 Look into a front end framework like Angular that allows you to bind specific DOM elements to a data provider and vice versa. 




 Already preordered... 

Ha, nope, I'm just kidding. 




 Awesome, how old? Can't wait to get mine out there. 




 Yeah, I imagine a handful of guys sitting outside a heist just waiting for the robbers to come running out into a hail of lead. If I had a nickel for every time I walked out of a gun/clothing/whatever store and was shot less than two steps outside I'd have a quarter, almost. 




 Woah... did you just... ap... apologize on reddit? 




 My wife was working nights and I found the biggest issue I was having was that I was keeping her up too long. She stayed playful and never acted 'tired' while we we're playing, but bedtime was hell. When I moved her bedtime up an hour and made a routine out of it (dinner - bath - jammies - relaxed playing - books - songs - bed) everything got infinitely easier. 




 Mine is 192.168.1.4 on my Windows laptop, 192.168.1.8 on my desktop and 192.168.1.9 on my Ubuntu machine. The DHCP ranges from .4 to .50. I've got the rest reserved for statics, although I only use a handful of them. 




 I don't know if it's a repost or not, but this is one of the first things in a while that has actually made me laugh out loud. Thank you OP for the post. You have made me day better. 




 You're not wrong. You're just an asshole.
 




 Forgive my ignorance. I thought Ant Man was Hank Pym and they called this guy Scott in the trailer, what gives? Isn't Hank Pym Ant Man, the same guy who's on Iron Man's side in Civil War? 




 Why does a sinking ship need a captain? Seems like at the point they gave him his raise they were already beyond hope. Nothing left to do but sell off assets and liquidate the company. Who needs a figurehead at that point? And think of how much longer they could've employed their hard-working employees (or paid severances to them) had they had a CEO's salary to throw around. 




 I didn't understand this answer for like five minutes. I read and re-read the code posted but for the life of me couldn't find a scanner object anywhere, near line 6 or not. Than I saw the pastebin link. I guess I need another cup of coffee.  




 What a bunch of twunts. 




 I'll be 100% honest with you. 15 months ago, my daughter was born. We owned a baby seat and a stroller that it fit in (present from my mom), and a onesie to bring her home from the hospital, plus a handful of clothes. That was it. We had a stack of Target and Babies' R' Us gift cards from friends and family given to us for gifts, so we began to slowly accumulate some stuff. Do you love your wife? Of course you do, and I'm sure you'll love your daughter. That's all you'll need as cliched as it is.

Brass tacks answer, if you really want it. Make sure you have a car seat, a stroller is nice, but realistically for the first few months you'll want to hold the baby, not put her in a stroller. Look into buying a co-sleeper, that'll help get her used to being in her bed, not sharing yours. Don't worry about baby-proofing, it'll be months before your daughter is rolling around, much less crawling, or walking. And than, just keep moving stuff higher. My 15 month old is running now and all of the baby proofing we've done is spent 10 bucks on outlet covers and put one lock on a cabinet that has the cleaning products in it. 

I know what you're feeling right now. It's scary as fuck. But honestly, there's not much to worry about. Spend these last few weeks getting plenty of sleep and reminding your wife how much you love her. Focus on preparing to be an amazing father in an amazing family. 




 Thank you. 




 I know, the /s is shorthand for sarcasm.  




 What does Washington have to do with this? /s 




 I'll think of you while my wife and I ride out to get oyster's on the coast tomorrow.  




 I can''t breathe. 




 You don't have to want to get someone a gift, you just have to want to send someone a piece of trash and receive an actual gift in return.  




 The 'line' side of the lane is not the cleanest part of the road. If you're in the bay I have lots of spots on 880 I can show you to illustrate my point. The cleanest part of a lane is where the car's wheels travel. They do a fairly good job of clearing items out of the road, including moving water and oils to the edges of the lane. When I split, I'm only on the line while passing. If I'm not actively splitting than I'm back in the lane in the one or three spot. Other than that, this makes sense. 




 NSV: You look hot. Good job, keep up the awesome work. 




 Awesome. [Here's a forum thread](http://forums.ni.com/t5/Academic-Hardware-Products-ELVIS/usb-6009-high-speed-continuous-acquisition-for-slow-control-loop/td-p/1296584) that should help you get started. The example shown in it deals with output as well as input, but the input onto the graph is fairly basic. Writing to a .csv file is fairly straightfoward, look at the examples in the Help  Find Examples by searching for csv, the first result gives a good look at how to do it. 




 These questions are much easier to answer if we have some idea of your current experience level or software background. Have you ever used LabVIEW? Have you ever written any software in any language? Where and what have you searched for? What kind of NI acquisition device is it? What kind of sensors? How fast are things sampling? Etc...??? 

Sorry if this comes off as callous, but I'd like to see you get the assistance you need. However, writing a question like this will really just get you downvoted into oblivion.  




 Failure to stop an illegal act. Sounds about as 'legal' as the sheriff's phony arresting charge. 




 Even wear though. Doesn't need an alignment. 




 I'm 36 and my dad passed away three years ago. I still miss him on Christmas. 




 After the pre-sequel, before Borderlands 2. 




 It's much more enjoyable to have one beer with eight friends than it is to drink eight beers by yourself. 




 Grew up racing FM hare scrambles. Thanks for taking me back. 




 Details on the snowsuit? 




 You found him. 




 Amazing chefs are all lost on me anyhow. My palette is about as cultured as a Wal-Mart checkout line, so what this guy can do with food tastes about the same as what the guy up the street from me with the awesome blue plate special. 




 I've had his mac and cheese. It was okay. 




 Correct, the job market may shift it's needs to more technical-minded jobs, but there will still be jobs. In fact, without having to worry about having people that can drive taxis or ring up your cart at Target we'll now have a larger workforce to throw at the world's real problems.  




 I would've shit in the bag of chips. 




 That's a bold statement. Got anything to back it up? 




 Is it bad that I came here to see if this was from Playboy also? 




 C'mon, it's also not really a freeway. It's just a street. No busier than hundreds of other streets in the bay area, and just as likely to cause a traffic snarl up this bad or worse any other day of the year through normal rush hour traffic. Some people need to get over themselves. 




 Yes, those assholes should be riding bicycles.

Or, or... walking. Yeah.

/s 




 Golden Gate is closing for a small period of time? Let's protest that shit. 




 I love how everyone is screaming that these protester's blocked the freeway. But c'mon, let's be honest with ourselves. 101 isn't *really* a freeway right there, is it? These guys (gays... hehe) blocked a street. The street they chose just happens to be labeled a freeway on the maps. 

And seriously, enough with all the anger over some traffic. Damn, I commute every day from Novato to Hayward and back every day and if I wanted to strangle every single person responsible for some stupid traffic between here and there my wrists would be tired before I even left Marin. 

It sucks for you that people are blocking traffic. Get over it. This is the bay area, someone's always fouling up traffic, and typically, it's just because they're some idiot that doesn't know how to drive. 




 Woah. I see what you did there. Very subtle. 




 I imagine it's gotta be pretty tough to set this all up, what with the planes and the boats, and what-not. But, it really bugs me the the planes are centered with the boats and that the boats aren't in nice straight lines. 




 Kept asking the same thing. Now I just want it to stop.  




 Not true. I called 911 from my cell when I saw a guy stumbling across 101 in Novato, where I live and where my cell bill goes. Got Novato 911, they than transferred me to CHP.  




 Get's ticket from CHP for talking on cell phone. 




 For the past few years I've been competing with these people for jobs. I do not hold a degree and am completely self-taught through books, online resources, and just doing it. I think it's only through some big names on my resume and the amount of experience I have that I even get my foot in the door with some places. However, when the interview turns from the abstract, practiced questions to the wheels meet the road questions, like big-O notation and the interviewer and I actually begin having a discourse, I can tell that I've hit on something that the others they've interviewed were completely unable to. 




 Wait, you're saying that people fail the fizzbuzz test? I thought it was the most inane question I'd ever answered the first time I saw it out here. I've answered it three times now for various jobs and I still can't understand why any serious team lead/engineering director, etc... would rely on it to hire someone. I always thought it was something that some HR guy picked out of a book so people went with it. 




 Was in similar situation to OP. Close friend, three tours, mentally scarred from it, horrible PTSD, anger, night terrors and sweats, just miserable stuff. He and I talk a bunch about it. He'd seen a number of doctors since his last tour but never really got any 'help' from any of them. Some of the stuff he told me about, I wish I'd never heard him say it. Some things, it doesn't matter how much 'help' you provide, the human mind isn't meant to see those things without cracking. 




 I was scared when I went on my trip, until I got high. 

Terrified I'd get hurt or sick, but than I got high.

Now I'm chilling on a hammock, and I know why. 




 Go home Dad. 




 Create a bookmark, make the link be this script;

    javascript:var script = document.createElement('script');script.src = 'https://code.jquery.com/jquery-1.11.0.min.js';script.type = 'text/javascript';document.getElementsByTagName('head')[0].appendChild(script); setTimeout(function(){var pathname = $(location).attr('href'); var vidId = pathname.replace("https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=", "").slice(0,11); $('#player').replaceWith("iframe id='ytplayer' style='margin-left:24%;'type='text/html' width='200' height='200' src='https://www.youtube.com/embed/" + vidId + "'frameborder='0'/"); $(function() {  var $allVideos = $("iframe[src^='https://www.youtube.com']"),  $fluidEl = $("body");  $allVideos.each(function() { $(this) .data('aspectRatio', this.height / this.width) .removeAttr('height') .removeAttr('width'); });  $(window).resize(function() { var newWidth = $fluidEl.width();  $allVideos.each(function() { var $el = $(this); $el .width(338.02816901408454) .height(600); }); }).resize(); });}, 400);


Next time you see a vertical video, click that bookmark. Problem solved. 




 When are we getting an offroad motocycle game for the One? GTA offroad races and playing around on the mountains are only getting my fix so far. 




 Not sure why you got downvoted. I think the JDP course is fantastic. 




 Put your karma on the line by facing the wrath of the caged hordes of the Bay Area and suggesting the ride motorcycles? Have an upvote. 




 I was going to sit down and write out a nice, well-thought out response about how these people are just looking to make a buck and that karma will eventually get them, and how you should probably just make sure you have a lawyer who will get his fee's covered and make sure you come out squeaky clean. I mean, I don't usually believe that just because someone does you wrong that you have to do them more wrong to get even. However, after writing it, reading it, and than re-reading it, I realized how wrong I was in this case. This guy is an asshole. Pure and simple. I think you should send them a letter saying you'll drop their counter-suit if they'll settle out of court for you getting to kick his balls into his stomach. 




 A lady is someone less than a woman but more than a bitch. For example; "Who's that?" "I don't know, some stupid lady." 

Geez, you guys invented the language, the least you could do is speak it.

/sarcasm 




 Original TMNT dark and bloody you say? But what about that gentle Casey Jones? Oh wait, in his first appearance he smashes some mugger's faces in with a hockey stick... that's right. 




 Uhmm... Lane filtering would've helped, because more than likely the rider would've been up there by that yellow van and not in front of the dumbass that tried to run him over. Actually, had filtering been legal, the rider likely would've been well past this light before the lady even showed up, but that's just speculation. 




 I recognize them, as one of the almost 6,500 homeless people that live on the streets of San Francisco. 

This sucks OP, but the likelihood of catching these two seems to fall into the infinitesimally small category. 




 You never prank Begbie.  




 Well, I guess than, next time I'm in town I'll have to hit up all the clubs and try to collect my scavenger hunt prize.  




 Good job on your weight loss by the way. I'm living out in Cali now so you don't have to worry about running into me or anything. 




 This ain't no dirt track, roundy-rounder. 




 Just guessing. I thought I recognized that hallway. I used to deliver food there all the time. Nicest girls (at least to me) but I always had a hell of a time cashing in all those ones back at the office. 




 Bazookas? 




 Gag gift? I don't think it's progressed to *that* kind of sex yet. 




 You said lurking in the corners. I immediately turned on all the lights on in the living room as it's a little grey and rainy today. I've also backed myself against the brightest wall we have. Thanks Lovecraft thread.  




 Good thing he went Socal. For that sort of money in San Francisco you can get a one bedroom in SOMA.  




 [I thought Osric Chau did a good job as Kaneda in this one.](http://youtu.be/t1GO-93Nt3c) 




 Why not someone age appropriate like Osric Chau or Booboo Stewart?  




 If you think that the Hollywood remake of Akira would be 'too weird' for big names to make a difference in, you don't know Hollywood very well. This thing is going to be a dumbed down Akira with very little weirdness and absolutely no cultural identity at all. 




 Here's more kind words. Thank you for doing this. No matter what the writer of Harry Potter puts out on the screen, I an always just ignore it, open up Youtube and enjoy my happy place of what could have been. You all did amazing work. If Hollywood was smart, they'd cast guys like Osric, Daniel Henney, or that Booboo guy from X-Men, in an adaptation. They've got major acting chops already and just think what those guys could do for this potential abortion of a movie.  




 This picture, I feel, is always the best way to explain any of the cultural craziness that the Japanese experienced post-WWII. To win the war, the Allies (let's not kid ourselves, the US) literally leveled two of the most major urban areas in Japan at the time. 

As an aside, it was only the honeymoon memories of one of the heads of state and his arduous convincing of Truman at the time that saved Kyoto and the Emperor's Palace. I can't imagine how bad things would've gotten with the Japanese had we made that major mistake. Truman allowed Nagasaki to replace Kyoto as a target. During the mission however, Kokura was the intended target for that particular bomber, but cloud cover obscured the target. Nagasaki was the backup. Pretty unlucky chain of events for the residents of Nagasaki.  




 Akita (Akira?) isn't actually a character in the anime movie titled Akira. Yes, he is shown in some flashback scenes, but I think the character that you're thinking of is Shotaro Kaneda, addressed as Kaneda in most of the film. 




 You're supposed to forget about Warriors of the Wind. Miyazaki asked politely.  




 How did you make it past the top replies talking about it being dual powered and not get it? I think you might actually be the only one. 




 They have it in Novato on DeLong. Not sure where you're at. 




 I got it. 




 Oh, that's what made it bad? I thought it was the horrible acting pasted on top of a horribly campy storyline, that while entertaining in the 80's was just shallow and flat today. 




 On the off chance that you're not joking, I'll answer this. What you're suggesting is definitely illegal. We don't live in a Hammurabic society where some eye for an eye stuff is okay. If you have a person on tape doing this, contact the authority's. If you encounter a person doing this and they attempt to harm you, maybe, just maybe you could get away with calling it self-defense. Although I'm willing to be that if you walked up on this guy in the act, he'd probably just drop your shit and run. 




 Ain't no party like a Liz Lemon party because a Liz Lemon party is mandatory. 




 Springfield at the Outland?  




 One of the pictures describes a revamped arrow and station in New Mexico. Looking at the map, looks like it doesn't go through New Mexico, although I guess I could be wrong. 




 Get a new bike. 




 You got meatballed. 




 Santacon has gotten rough this year. 




 You were going 65,000 miles an hour over the speed limit? Holy crap, what do you ride? 




 Don't they speak Norwegian in the Netherlands? I'm not sure, only been there a few times in Minecraft. 




 It looked as if he wasn't holding the front brake at all. 




 They forgot the third option, someone could go cut the lock and open the gate and announce a party on the beach. Thousands of individuals could arrive and set up shop, partying like it's 1999 on the beach. 

Than it's likely that the cops would get called because things got out of hand and an undercover officer would brandish a firearm at the 'peaceful' protesters. Someone would get hit in the head with a hammer. Hermit crab shells would get looted. 

Yeah, probably not a good idea. 




 You didn't come off like an ass. But you do come off as someone who doesn't have a child or hasn't been around one alot. Guess what, I sleep right through my child screaming, it doesn't offend me. I also seek out the areas on a plane that have children now because I can typically snag an aisle or window (they usually grab either end plus a middle, unlike most 'couples' on a plane,) and I have no issue, what-so-ever, without earplugs, 100% ignoring any noise that comes out of that child that you would probably find offensive. After a year of crying, I'm immune. So yeah, some of us don't find that offensive. I've also met tons of older people (typically grandparents, but not always) who could care less what noise comes out of where, since they either don't hear it because they're deaf or because they just don't care anymore. 

I fly alot for work. Like, alot. Some month I feel like I'm commuting to Socal from SFO on a weekly or more basis. And I can say, without a doubt, that it has been a very long time since I've been on a plane that didn't have someone under the age of three on it. In fact, I can remember when it was because it was a flight that consisted of me plus six other people. No babies on that flight and that was three years ago. And more often than not, unless the stars are truly aligned, a baby is going to fuss a little. It's in their nature. So yeah, I'm not sure where or how you're flying, but babies, they're a part of life everywhere and so are their sounds. But apparently you're just one lucky SOB, no noisy co-seaters, super quiet aircraft, that's awesome. Although, I think the reason most people fall asleep is because the noise is random (white) and constant. Not quiet, the interior of an Airbus A320 is at average 86.3dB which is nearly the OSHA 8 hour limit, just saying.

And to get to the crux of your post, the reason I dislike the wording and the tone of Oreo's post is because it implies that the base-level of effort is me, going out of my way to provide him with something that yes, he may or may not need, in order to make his trip more pleasant. And if I do that, than he'll make the gesture to not cough on my child (hyperbole... /s). I think that's wrong. Should I do my best to keep my child entertained if I've made the choice to coop them up on plane with 100 or so of my closest strangers? Yes. If that doesn't work and there is a meltdown should I also attempt to do something about it and not make the situation worse by telling everyone to 'deal with it.' Of course, yes. However, I shouldn't have to go out of my way to apologize, in advance of any possible wrongdoing (which in my case, usually doesn't even happen) because he thinks it's the decent thing to do. It's not. It's stupid. 

Your first paragraph also worries me. You call my argument out as bullshit. You say it's BS that us parents use to justify our screaming children. Your entire first paragraph reads like someone who is-anti parent. You have to realize that there are all types of assholes in this world. What about the lady that screams at the flight attendant about how important she is and that's why she can't close her Macbook for landing? What about the subtle drunk guy that get's steadily more and more drunk until he's hitting on everything that walks down the aisle? How's about the bitchy flight attendant that's had a horrible day (or week, or month) and decides to take it out on you for no apparent reason. Look, some people are just asses. It is what it is. But I would never have the expectation to they or anyone would provide me with an upfront apology about some action that may or may not occur, that I may or may not be offended by. And if it was something truly offensive, I would think that the act of pre-apologizing might just make me more angry.

Here's a thought experiment, replace the baby in this story with a large, unbathed, gassy man handing out nose plugs and essential oil rub apologizing for smelling like shit. 




 This is more /r/unexpectedninja isn't it? 




 The Britney cover... uhmm... yeah. Funny, anytime I even think about this song (hear it on radio, hear it on someone else's radio, see a Britney Spears ad, etc...) I feel the need to watch this movie. 




 If you think that the people who perpetrated the crime on this poor delusional graduate student had a 'cause' than you're as deluded an individual as the guy who got his two front teeth for Christmas.  




 I clicked on that. Wasn't sure what I expected. 




 Actually it is an option. I've seen plenty of parents pick up their fussy child and soothe them by walking up and down the aisles. Typically, standing up and holding the baby's head at shoulder level usually drowns out the crying into the surrounding airplane noise. 

Granted, as I mentioned elsewhere in this post, I've been lucky, my daughter enjoys flying and I have no problem keeping her busy, even on longer flights. But I feel bad for parents who feel like they're being shamed because they have a fussy child. What about the ass that I inevitably have next to me every time I fly for business that want's to talk to the guy next to him at eight times the normal volume of the plane. Why isn't he shamed for not bringing ear plugs?

I guess my point is, planes are loud for lots of reasons, not just babies. There's plenty of assholes in this world. Some of them are parents, but not always. Why is it an expectation that I, as a parent, should go out of my way to bring supplies to make your flight more pleasant just to be considered courteous?  




 I had a free drink coupon once that I gave to the guy behind me that was sitting next to the screaming baby on the flight. I felt bad for him. I felt bad for the baby and the mom too, but apparently the general public looks down on buying drinks for babies. 




 I think we're arguing that it's part of life, and now, can be easily considered part of the flight experience since it's been a long time since I've flown on a plane that didn't have at least one child on it. So now, you don't have to enjoy it, but yes, you're an adult if you don't enjoy the sound of kids making noise, maybe you should bring your own earplugs. 




 Why is it that I have to provide supplies to other people who may or may not be offended by the sound of a fussy child to be courteous? When did this become a thing? If I'm in a public place and my child is being an ass, I politely do my best to calm them and remove them from other people's personal spaces as much as possible. I even typically apologize for her behavior. But damn, now, to be considered not an ass I have to have to fore-thought to provide you with supplies? How's about, if you don't like the sounds of a typical (yes, typical, it's been a long time since I've been on a flight without at least one baby on it) airplane ride, you bring your own earplugs? 




 I don't care about the parents who do this, however, as a father of a well-behaved in public one year old, I also won't apologize for not bringing candy and earplugs for everyone else on a plane. If the sound of a fussy child bothers you, bring your own damn earplugs. 




 I'm a parent of a one-year old and when I fly for business I do this too. I once watched the entirety of 127 Hours on my laptop because the lady next to me wouldn't shut up about how she always get's an empty seat next to her and can't believe that I'd sit down there seeing as how she had a baby with her. To be clear, it was the last available seat on a Southwest flight. Given the availability I would've selected a different seat.  




 I've flown with my 1 year old lots in the past year, she has had mostly relaxed, cool, calm, and collected reactions to being cooped up on a plane for some amount of time, including this last jaunt to and from Hawaii. The sad thing about this is, that in this situation, if the flight has empty seats, most people will generally choose another seat to make the extra room for my kid. I have yet to purchase a seat for her, but she always has one, and it's always because of the kindness of other passengers willing to give up their seat. 

New's Flash, most people are decent human beings. The pricks like this are the one's that make it seem like to be a good parent I should start handing out earplugs on a plane. 




 Check out Berkeley, they've been having nightly ~~protests~~ parties, cool vibe, diverse crowds. Check it out. 




 That'll buff out, right? 




