 When was the last time you wore Carb Goggles? 




 Very accurate, cuntpuncher_69. Insightful as always. 




 maybe ma little.. ah......... 




 This "Magoo" motherfucker. God he's annoying. hashtag 'roid rage 




 ...

...

...

...

[stares]

...

don't correct me! 

...

Vince, tell 'im!

...

umm...

ah...

PoG army up in this bitch?

...

good job vinny boo boo...

extra treats tonight

...

[wink] 




 wats gud youtube... you know who dis... 

...

CHRIS JONES!!!! represent physiques of greatness... and im boutta 'ave a cheat meal... 'cause SHIT JUST GOT REAL

dont do it chris

SHUT UP VINCE... i do wat i want... [stares]

[keeps staring]

...

...

...

ok imma do this shit now vince... gimme da food... yum yum

[about an hour later]

fuck im fat 




 I'm mirin', Magoo! 




 Wait... which one is Herschel? The guy on the left... or the guy on the right? 




 He's a fucking child who evidently isn't given enough attention from his mommy and daddy. This explains why he is a complete attention whore. Don't give give any views, as you'd just be encouraging him. 




 Yeah I heard he's pretty cool. You should hit him up sometime. He's like *really* awesome, even though he has posted "shitposts" before.  




 yeah his posts are even shittier than that "Magoo" guy's posts. lol 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHfY6VTRUFk 




 Grow some fucking balls.  




 Ok, obviously no matter what I say, you're going to find some excuse to not have confidence in yourself. Whatever. I tried. 




 You're over-thinking this, dude. You said you're new to Facebook (which explains the lack of many friends), and they probably aren't going to check who's on your friends list, unless they're really obsessed with you.  




 They're coworkers who have the hots for you. Of course you should do it! 




 Wait... He didn't really die? Nice! 




 My Son... Calm down.  




 what 




 ok I have to admit I loled 




 Step 1: stop posting here and go to r/fitness 




 [hands on hips] Well that's just not very nice! *hmph!* 




 1200-1400???????? You pig! your diet is not extreme enough. I went on a permacut last year and went from obese to 106 lbs. (M/5'7") and was hospitalized for anorexia. I was eating a maximum of 1400 calories on a ketogenic diet and started eating less and less until I wasn't eating anything at all. (yeah I was joking when I called you a pig; you really shouldn't go down the same path as me, but if you have bellyfat and boobs, you should keep cutting, as it is much healthier to be underweight than overweight) 




 What's good Youtube? You know who it is. CHRIS JONES!!!! represent Physiques of Greatness. Today I'm havin' a cheat meal... 'CAUSE SHIT JUST GOT REAL. POG army up in this bitch 




 Trying to get tons of link karma AND comment karma? Don't be greedy... 




 Huh, I didn't know Stevie had a Youtube channel 




 idk, but I'm pretty sure their combined IQ is less than 80... 




 ok 




 They killed off the Joker. What the fuck? Why the fuck did they kill off the best Batman character? smh 




 You didn't fuck anything up. It's good that you got yourself out there, man. Even if they don't have the hots for you (if you want to provide examples, go ahead, but it's not really necessary), it doesn't matter, as what you said really wasn't obnoxious as you just started a friendly conversation. Don't worry about it. 




 I mean, it is kind of funny.  




 I just cracked jokes with the other patients all day.  




 but I already have ODST 




 missing Witcher 3, Wolfenstein and Arkham Knight 




 No, but that's what I said so that I would get admitted. I needed to find a place where my psychotic brother wouldn't kill me. lol 









 Is it worth getting the ultimate edition? I noticed Forza 6 is up for pre-order on the Xbox store. 




 I'm not trolling here, I am honestly curious. What is the point? I recently started cutting, and I keep doing it. I am for some odd reason allured to harming myself. I almost feel suicidal right now. Fml 




 How are the Forza games? I haven't played any yet. 




 SHIT YEAH! 




 nice 









 I'm not serious. I sometimes pretend to be this character I created (I'm working on a novel), but I'm not trying to offend anyone.  




 yeah sometimes I just get in the mood to play this Father Magoo character I created lol 




 Well that just wasn't very friendly. [hands on hips] Hmph!  




 My Son, bodybuilding is very good for you. I highly recommend that you begin lifting to attract my Daughters. Just don't cut so hard that you stunt your growth, and don't be a numbcunt by taking gear. 









 I mean just fuck her mind out very passionately. I think then she'll understand that you're straight. 




 lolwhut 




 Thank you for spreading the word, my Son. The Brothers Karamazov is required reading for any Magoo. 




 Do you know why the song "Pug" is called "Pug"? It has nothing to do with pugs! 




 What is the album called? 




 How does that compare to Adore? I haven't listened to everything by Smashing Pumpkins yet. 




 I really like the songs on this album, and I would like to know of some songs with a similar sound. 




 The Brothers Karamazov  




 Sh-sh-sh-sh-sh-shame. 




 Well... I can't anymore 




 What do you call a crossdressing elf? 




 Triss 




 I got mine at like 3 am last night 




 Ok if I give you $60 for Fallout 4 will you give me your pug? 









 Magoo Senior 









 Magoo Senior 




 Magoo Senior 




 Magoo Senior 




 Magoo Senior 









 Imlerith from Witcher 3 on Death March... I hate teleporting elves... 




 thank you 




 except poor Father Magoo :( 




 I don't want to unnecessarily hit my bandwidth cap.  




 Gears of War Judgment 




 this makes me hard 




 "Mom! I got an achievement! My life finally means something!"

"Shut the fak up Jambo. I've been trying to sneak 20-year-old guys in this house (my own fakkin' house) for 20 fakkin' years, and all ya do is play dat Fun-box or wateva it's called. I 'ave needs too ya know. Please get da fak out for realsies this time, Jambo."

"Momma... I just realized that it is a completely meaningless achievement, and I really need a place to stay."

"I fucking hate you, son." 




 Good. Do you play Xbox, Playstation or PC? I play Xbox. My gamertag is Magoo Senior. 




 Spirited Away is finally being released on Blu-ray in 2 days. Thank you for reminding me. I am pre-ordering it now. What a coincidence for us to have this conversation right before the release of the film. [Here is the link so you can pre-order it too.](http://www.amazon.com/Spirited-Away-2-Disc-Blu-ray-Combo/dp/B00V3QQF6I/ref=pd_sim_74_5?ie=UTF8 refRID=0Z7F9YDNFS313BE8B2E7)

 




 Spirited Away is not a kids' movie. There is a difference between works of art and dumb Pixar movies. 




 Spirted Away is *not* a kids' movie. It is a great film. Do not bring Miyazaki films into this discussion! 




 it's not brilliant. hop off Pixar's dick 




 IT'S OK BRO, I'M BULKING!!!!!!!! 




 slash got fat 




 Changing the title of a film doesn't affect its story, it just causes the title to be misleading. 




 It's fine if they watch it with their children. 




 should I also buy a ps3? 




 Will the God of War trilogy be remastered?  




 dammit, you stole my post!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! [smashes monitor] 




 I bought an Xbox One because I love Halo and Gears of War. Are the PS4 exclusives good enough to warrant a purchase of the console? 




 then why the fuck is there a fucking post about fucking obama???????????????????????????? 




 No, for me, jokes have to contain humor. 




 it's still fucking childish 




 I fucking love Refn's films. 









 wtf is up with all these shitty Roach posts 




 "inward hard-on"

lolwhut 




 I'm being serious. I really want to know what movies fit the tone of this song. 




 I always played Mature-rated games when I was under 17. Now that I'm over 17, I get irritated when people under 17 play M-rated games.  




 Not gonna lie, I'm a little hard right now. 









 stop rubbing it in my face that I can't afford a gaming PC 




 "Last Caress" by Misfits 




 The Witcher  




 I believe it is not as big. 




 Nobody fucking celebrated my birthday two weeks ago. Not even a "happy birthday." 




 so I can plug in any old earbuds? 




 no 




 You're welcome. I hate my father too. Just thinking about him fills me with rage.  




 kind of deducted that on my own but thanks 




 what 




 and they better not include judgment  




 you need to hit the gym and bulk up. also take some martial arts classes. then if he hits you, you can kick his ass.

or you can call the cops on him for domestic assault

either way, lift weights and learn martial arts. there's nothing wrong with gaming, but it shouldn't be your only hobby. I also like inline skating, reading novels, and trying to get laid at bars. 




 the problem is that you're playing Lego Jurassic World and you're not a little kid 




 source? 




 human Obama is bad enough. we don't need an elven version of him too 




 Get Hard sucks. I hate Kevin Hart. I hate [censored]. 

I never said the target audience isn't the defining factor of quality. Stop putting words in my mouth. The target audience for a movie is the audience who should be watching the movie. I never said that there are not well made movies for kids. 




 Grown Ups is a kids movie 




 it's outside of his pants, and it clearly states that it is a rifle.  




 no, I'm selfish 




 it's not a reboot unless it is based off of that game. it is not, so no, it is not a fucking reboot. 




 storytelling is a word. no hyphen required. 




 A Gears of War game that is anything like Judgment.  




 ok let's get this over with. my gamertag is Magoo Senior. I need this shirt because I love pugs and if I express my love of pugs I will most definitely get laid. I'm kind of broke so I can't buy it myself. A pug shirt would be a great conversation starter, and I am a very charismatic guy. I am quite handsome, but I need to work on my body. I used to be fat, so I have some loose skin. I probably need loose skin surgery, and I should start lifting again to look aesthetically pleasing to the ladies. I don't imagine that chicks like looking at underweight guys with tits.  




 I would not. It's a kids' movie. 




 well you're not a kid now, so stop trying to get closure on a fucking kids' movie, mate. 









 wait are you a troll or just stupid  




 who cares about the fucking Incredibles? it's a goddamn kids' movie 




 [Do it! Today!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DvVUBZy_MHE) 




 The only real DOA games are 2, 3 and 4. Please do not remind me of the DOA 5 atrocity.  




 lolwhut 




 The Witcher would be a good movie (or HBO show). Kill Bill would be a good game. 




