 Junior year because that's when I really got the hang of how things worked in life.  So, I made the best of it and by Senior year I was exactly where I wanted to be. 




 Work hard and you'll do well.  Bull, work smart and you might. 




 It isn't science any more than math is.  It's skill and knowledge based application of algorithms for computation and the design of computational systems to acquire desired outcomes. 




 All countries have them no matter what they tell us. 




 Being asleep in a small room in a trailer with no windows and waking up to the room full of smoke, fire coming in under the door blocking your escape and slowly burning, melting you into the wall as you try frantically try to claw your way out. 

Edit:  I was one of the paramedics called to this situation.  He was 17 years old. 




 I click my mouse wheel and it opens in a new tab. 




 There's nothing I want to watch now, let alone in in 30 years. 




 The Last Resort - an American military drama television series, that aired on ABC from September 27, 2012 to January 24, 2013.  This series had great potential and I was really looking forward to it.  It started out great but quickly devolved into something I wouldn't change the channel for.  They had the chance to take it into modern, relevant territory but took it in an inane direction.  They blew it. 




 I came from the Earth and I'll return to the Earth. 




  

"Perhaps my time seemed all too brief,

Dont lengthen it now with undue grief.

Lift up your hearts and peace to thee,

As I leave now, I am set free."   

 - Unknown author.


"I may not be walking with you all the way, or even much of the way, as I walk with you now. Dont be angry with me if I am not there in person, alive and well, when you need me. I would like nothing more than to be with you always. Do not feel sorry for me if I am gone. When we were together, I loved you deeply and you gave me so much happiness I can never repay you. Camera, wherever I am when you feel sick at heart and weary of life, or when you stumble and fall and dont know if you can get up again, think of me. I will be watching and smiling and cheering you on."

- Arthur Ashe message to his daughter, Camera

Perhaps you could adapt something from these. 




 A new username won't save this word. 




 You should have learned to say and spell it right by now. 




 7 minutes by car since it's only 3 miles away. 




 I think you're as unoriginal as I am. 




 In-And-Out Burger. 




 No way, I don't want to be burned up. 




 http://www.strangefacts.com/facts1.html 




 Your body is creating and killing 15 million red blood cells per second. 




 Holocaust deniers. 




 The same reason they do everywhere else; they feel more comfortable with what they're familiar with. 




 Painting custom designs on cars, trucks, boats, garages etc., or anything else you want it on. 




 Al Sharpton is a racist and an opportunist, we agree about that.  But it isn't his fault there aren't people standing up for the crimes committed against whites, or any other group.  This is a big money issue and there's money in it for those that exploit it.  But the fact remains, there exists racists of every color. 




  I'm not delusional, I've been around a very long time and I've seen it from every people group.  If you really think they aren't, then you aren't looking around or are blind to it. 




 The same reason any other group of people are. 




 I can take a 15 minute snooze and feel like I've slept 6 hours.  Those are times I wake up frantic and check the clock quickly  because I feel like I'm late for work.  I can sleep for 8 hours and feel like I just fell asleep.  Sometimes I feel nothing, like I've been a rock. 




 Rhinos, they modern day dinosaur. 




 I don't believe in ghosts or ETs, but I do believe in forces of evil.  I believe there are things in this world that we know nothing about, yet they exist on the fringe of our perceptions.  I think some people catch glimpses in one way or another, some within the realms of science, some within the realms of religion or religious experiences.  It wouldn't take much for me to accept their existence. 




 Vanilla iced coffee.  I get a lot of flack for always having one around. 




 Are you in middle school? 




 I see nothing wrong with my yard looking [like this.]( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d3/Unmowed_grassfield_in_May.JPG)  Let the plants bloom and go to seed like they're designed to instead of prohibiting their natural processes. 




 I hope not, I don't want to wear a [babushka](http://i.imgur.com/zTatdRu.gif). 




 Cut the grass. 




 Food, water and shelter.   




 Water pollution, air pollution, foods full of chemical additives, drugs, carcinogens everywhere. 




 They graduated. 




 [According to this](http://gifs.gifbin.com/052011/1306866732_cat_hugs_sleeping_kitten.gif) they do.  According to me they do, too. 




 We had no internet and had to play Monopoly.  I kicked ass. 




 Get a loud timer and get out within 15 minutes.  No more two hour showers while stoned. 




 I agree with your friend.  I don't need anyone to interpret what I should believe or not.  God has already told us how things are and I can pray anywhere, not just in a church.  I think people from every kind of church I've ever been to gave me some kind of insight, but so do relatives and coworkers and some posters on reddit.  We can gain knowledge or wisdom from anywhere if we're open to it. 




 Sure I can be a Christian, there were Christians while Jesus walked the Earth before the religion existed.  A Christian should be follower of Jesus.  I do not follow any of those specific requirements, beliefs or approaches because God didn't design them or say He condoned them.  He told us what to do and how to handle things in the Bible and that's all we need.  Not specific messages or anything that come from men. 




 God said all, I think He means all.  I don't think God hates anyone.  Jesus said He came for all men, that includes those who cursed Him.  While He was being sacrificed on the cross He even said, "Father, forgive them for they know not what they do".  Can't be much clearer than that. 




 I don't think so because a Christian is simply a follower of Jesus.  They were called Christians while Jesus was still alive, before the actual religion began to take shape. 




 Religion, with it's attached requirements, celebrations, rituals, rules, certain attitudes or beliefs are all specific to the men who founded that particular religious interpretation.  They want to stand out in same way, usually as being the one true religion that has the truth and understanding of God's holy words on their side. .  That isn't what the Bible says, it says it's written for all men, not just the ones who believe like this religion or that one.  God says pray earnestly for understanding and you'll get it.  That book was written for everyone to understand, not just the "special" ones.   They all corrupt, in some way, what it clearly says. 




 Religions exist, all with their own specific requirements, beliefs. approaches and messages.  I don't support them. 




 I think mean things about people. 




 I am a Christian, I read the Bible and I believe in God, but I do not believe in religion. 




 Not sure, did that lady plow into my car just so I could be inconvenienced and forced to miss some work time?  




 Stealing food. 




 Not sure, I don't pay attention to it. 




 Haven't you always known? 




 Breasts and eyes. 




 If someone has the balls to get here from another country they should be allowed in, as long as they aren't convicted felons or a danger to society.  Most just want to escape very poor economic situations or some type of discrimination and just want to raise their families and live peacefully. 




 Swan, Drake, Crowe, Finch, Wrenn, Ferrett, Lyon, Fox and Byrd. 




 Apparently, they believe the poor or stupid cannot always afford an I.D.  I take issue with this because they need an I.D. to purchase, alcohol,  cigarettes, rent or buy a home, receive welfare, food stamps, social security, unemployment and medicaid, get a driver's license, go to school, buy a gun, get a job, get married, have a bank account, buy a car or a plane ticket.  They need an I.D. to rent a hotel room, get a hunting or fishing license, give blood or to even buy certain cough medicines.  Clearly the poor make good use of these programs and purchases.  No one ever raises the income or race issue on these things, but when it comes to voting they're all over it shouting discrimination.  This makes me think that that maybe the reason these liberals don't want to require an I.D. to vote could be because they could either be bringing in illegal voters, underage people and even the names of dead people.  Poor or not, they can and do get I.D.s for all these other needs and an I.D. for voting and proving legal citizenship is not an undue burden and should be required. 




 I would ask this in /r/Battlestations. 




 Only the terminally ill are helped by Hospice. I fully support them after receiving their help with my dad. 




 Take a look at what's happening in Syria and Egypt and you'll have a good idea. 




 Ice cream isn't junk food, though.  It's Friday night we-all-watch-this-movie-together-in-the-dark-sitting-on-blankets-on-the-floor-or-in-a-tent after-dinner surprise. 




 I'll date myself here; when I was first learning to drive at age 15, gas was $.56 per gallon and I just *knew* it would never hit $1.00 per gal. 




 It also worked for a few vegetables, like broccoli. 




 I treated salad as if it was dessert.  "If you eat all of this, *then* you can have some...salad!  Yaayyy! (clap, clap, clap)"  It worked every time. 




 I'd say the Bonus Army during Hoover's presidency was as bad, if not worse for the time.  They shot some protestors who'd camped in Washington.

Link:  [Bonus Army - Bonus Expeditionary Forces](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bonus_Army) 




 I missed familiar faces.  When I moved cross-country I would often find myself staring at people's faces, scanning for a hint of recognition of someone.  It was disappointing, but the benefits of the move far outweighed the bad. 




 A year after Amanda Berry disappeared in Cleveland, her mother appeared on "The Montel Williams Show" to speak to a psychic about what happened to her daughter.   Psychic Sylvia Browne, who has made a career of televised psychic readings, told Louwanna Miller on a 2004 episode of the show that her daughter was dead, causing Miller to break down in tears on the show's set.  "She's not alive, honey," Browne told Miller on the show.  Miller said that she believed "98 percent" in what Browne told her. Miller died a year later from heart failure. 

Amanda Berry is the women who escaped as a hostage from the home of  Ariel Castro and is very much alive. 




 Amanda Berry.  That psychic helped cause her mother's death and should be prevented legally from ever giving out this kind of bogus information.  That said, people are stupid for putting any stock in these people to begin with. 




 People who believe horoscopes are some kind of special, hidden knowledge and schedule their lives around them.  People who believe psychics are telling them the truth, especially when they conjure up dead loved ones. 




 It's my right as a human being.  There is no one who can bestow it on me and  no one has authority to remove it unless I'm in a prison of some kind. 




 And there are those who do not.  If I'm not mistaken, it refers back to when they used red-colored clay to paint themselves because it kept away the insects and was a sunscreen.  We use stereotypical names for all races. 




 I don't consider it a racial slur.  "Redskin" is a racial descriptor for Native Americans, not a slur. 




 Why not?  We have the Yankees, Cowboys, Chiefs, Angels, Vikings, Saints, Giants, Raiders, Pirates, Steelers, Padres and the Indians.  Some people look for issues when none exist. 




 Judge Lind ruled that the 3 and 1/2 effective "years" Mr. Manning has already served since his 2010 arrest (a total inflated by time in solitary confinement) would count towards the 35-year sentence.  That leaves Mr. Manning with only 31 and 1/2 years left in the sentence.  If he does not win an appeal or get parole, he would be 56 years old when he gets out of federal prison.  However, in all likelihood he will get out long before then.  One possibility, albeit unlikely, is an appeal or a pardon.  Much more likely is the possibility of parole.  Mr. Manning's lawyer said that with military court parole rules, if Mr. Manning continues his good behavior as a prisoner, he could be eligible for parole in 6 and 1/2 years.  In that circumstance he could see freedom by the age of 32.  Being granted parole is by no means guaranteed, particularly in controversial high profile cases, but there's always hope and possibility.

He did expose war crimes to the public, along with leaking 300,000 classified documents.  He's a convicted felon, whether we agree with it or not.

All news stations are shitty news stations.  My news comes from the same places as yours.  They're all corrupt and all have a financial agenda, as well as corrupt intentions.
 




 That depends on who you ask.  I'm not for or against the man, but I believe he's reneged on many promises and expectations he cultivated for himself to get support.  He seems to be more pro-govt. and corporations than he is pro-Americans.  He promised an open presidency and whistleblower protections, among other things, only to have gone back on these promises.  Here's a 6 page list of the broken promises he's made:  http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/promises/obameter/rulings/promise-broken/ 




 That's your problem now for listening to anonymous people on the internet when it comes to your personal affairs.  That said, I guess now you "do porn". 




 That Pfc. Bradley Manning, who has been convicted of espionage and other charges in connection with a massive leak of classified material, sentenced to 35 years in military prison has stated he wants to be a woman now and wants the US govt., whom he betrayed, to pay for his female hormone treatments. 




 There aren't a lot of good posts or quality content on reddit.  I let reddit do the searching for me. 




 Because that's what the news programs said. We can all see now since they posted his picture that he is not black. 




 Iron clothes.  I had to do it as a kid as my chore.  I'd sit on the sofa and watch tv while I ironed the things my mom gave me, mostly my dad's shirts.  I now find it relaxing. 




 What is your generation?  There are many. 




 Detroit 




 Christopher Walken.  




 No one famous is that important to me. 




 That's probably one reason, seeing the fate of others at the end of life and knowing that it could possibly be them one day.  They're also weird places with weird people doing weird things that most aren't used to seeing regularly. 




 It would be a little over 4 years, so I'd live my life as usual. 




 Four pages worth under "My Subreddits". 




 "You think that I am impoverishing myself withdrawing from men, but in my solitude I have woven for myself a silken web or chrysalis, and, nymph-like, shall ere long burst forth a more perfect creature, fitted for a higher society."  

 H.D. Thoreau 




 S.S. is already taken. 




 It won't matter, they won't care enough to ask. 




 It's statutory rape, just like it is now.  




 Change your name to Monishaquandrilicious and see what happens. 




 I'm not a bitch.  You can't read well either. 




 They'll equate "separate but equal" as the stance to take to push a particular point of view. But, it isn't the same.  Anyone who lived through those times knows it isn't the same because in this instance, they'll have what they wanted legally, whereas during the civil rights movement and segregation they did not.  They do not equate since this regards nothing more than a label placed upon it. 




 Exaggeration isn't a fine point.  Didn't anyone teach you not to lie?  I'll blame Obama. 




 I moved from NC to Oregon.  Best decision I've ever made. 




 Was the movie, "Dumb and Dumber" made about you, little, dreaming penis-shaker? 




 And here you go, another robot has just joined the group. 




 I think he's a misguided person, like all the rest of us. 




 Corruption of our society at all levels. 




 Please learn to read the sidebar rules before posting statements like this. 




 You've posted the thought of,  let us just ponder murder for a minute.  You're wondering about *murder*. This is a prime example of what's wrong in the world.   




 The nature of man is not good.  We have to be taught to be good as children.  Without temperance and love taught by certain religions there would be far more hate and corruption than there is now.   




 Lets see, we're pro-abortion, pro-gay rights, took God and morals out of schools, left drug addicted parents to raise future generations, use pedobear as a joke, legitimized unhealthy sexual practices, promote degraded sexual values (or not values at all) and consider them conquests, men leave their their babies to be raised by their mommas alone on govt. assistance because they don't want the burden, women mistreat or ignore their babies because they become nothing more than a paycheck, we've forced families to send both parents to work leaving the raising of the kids to strangers, determined the belief in God is now a mental illness and should be quashed at every opportunity, treat our parents and kids with strong depressive drugs, create unattainable personal images for young people so they grow up knowing they aren't good enough, passed all the money to corrupt people running all governments and many businesses, burdened all our people (and especially students) with taxes and fees leaving them near poverty levels, promoted the hive mind of get-in-line-and-don't-think-differently paradigm, spread our unique brand of evilness around the world and we wonder what happened while we weren't looking.  The blessing has been removed, my friend, it's gone for good. 




 My dog. 




 The pressure to compete is increased, school classrooms are overcrowded, too few affordable rental units, substandard affordable health care, too few decent jobs and the early warning signs of unrest in unhealthy neighborhoods go unheeded by the police dept. 




 From this website: 

http://www.space.com/12968-bright-green-fireball-meteor-amazes-southwest.html

Comes this quote regarding the color:  "The brilliant fireball glowed with a blue green tint, according to eyewitnesses. This coloring is likely due to the space rock's chemical makeup  specifically the presence of nickel or magnesium in its composition", Yeomans said. [Fallen Stars: A Gallery of Famous Meteorites] 




 I like the Samsung Galaxy Note. 




 Was it anywhere near Rosharon, Texas?  Here's something that might apply. It seems there have been a ton of them on 8-20-13.  It's first on the list:

 http://www.amsmeteors.org/fireball_report/?report_status=pending# 




 Hillary Clinton is the chosen one (should have figured that out with the handling of the Bengazi incident), but I won't be voting for her. 




