




 Don't you think Edgar should fight sooner rather than later? He's already been on the shelf for too logn 



















 Hopefully he gets in the cage before 2015 
























 The original -- http://www.ibtimes.com/pulse/iphone-6-illuminati-apple-announcement-anticipation-reaches-fever-pitch-1681710 














 Maybe their salaries were too high and the powers that be want to replace them with cheaper labor? 





























 right.. which is oddly at odds with his longer piece! 




 Gruber's predictions are pretty tame. Nothing we didn't already know.. and pretty lame considering all the hype surrounding this event.. some of which originated from Apple themselves.

Hopefully there's a lot Gruber doesn't know that will surprise us 









 Gruber seems to have a tempered view of an event ABC -- likely at the behest of Apple -- is calling "historic" 
























 be alert that it may be coming.. same way you try and defend against someone knocking your block off.  




 i hope not 




 I mean regardless of if it's "dirty" or not, it's currently allowed and fighters should be prepared to defend it. Calling it dishonorable when it's a sanctioned strategy is a big stretch..

and now.. back to rothwell dancing.. 



















 how many KW are we at now? How's the Model S two days in?! 


































 thanks for the insight :)  Definitely amped to see the Model X! 





























 With all of the admittedly tiny complaints people have of the Model S, does Tesla have a good track record of upping the ante with successive models? Will the Model 3 likely add in a number of ignored Model S features such as overhead handles? 



















 Are you still ultimately happy with the purchase or somewhat regretful? 














 Friend is moving abroad, should they get an unlocked iPhone in the states or is it cheaper to get it in London through a carrier? 









 One of the better vlogs in a while.. Fun to see Dana and Lorenzo's reaction when Rogan announces Rousey's 4 week turn around (towards the end) 
























 Saw one the other day and it looked cramped, but not sure if the front seats were pushed waay back 



















 That is true, however if you have NO improv experience, start at second city level A.  IO moves you along much quicker and from my experience the people there more polished than in SC level A.  If you start at IO with no experience you might get lost quickly.

Also, if you start at level a SEcond City, by the time u get to IO you'll have a better chance of thriving and perhaps getting placed on a Harold team 









 Is this really an easter egg given all the steps required? WEAK! And not even the original source 




 I always thought it'd be cool if in heaven you could watch video footage of your entire life and fast forward as fast as you want and just watch the good parts. 









 Awesome story! 












































 Yes! I know a few people who are somewhat irritated by the cast members but gave the show a shot and are now hooked. 









 The headline says "border infiltration tunnels."  The tunnels ostensibly used for fuel and the like weren't even involved in the current skirmish 




 yeah, there are different types of tunnels. The tunnels go back a ways, but the newly constructed tunnels Israel is going after were developed by Hamas for one singular purpose -- quick, easy, and subtle access into Israel. Which is why Israel has only gone after tunnels located relatively close to its own borders.

Most of the tunnels ostensibly used for benign purposes are connected on the opposite side of the country via Egypt 









 Because that's not what they're used for at all. Hardly amusing, it's fundamentally sad and horrific that Hamas leadership has spent tens of millions of dollars to construct tunnels instead of using money earmarked for civilians for, well, civilians.

Take a look at the folks giving Reuters a tour of the tunnel and try and convince anyone that these tunnels have any benign purpose. Amusing indeed. 







































 How tall are you? she looks tiny 




 Yes, all the time! whats his deal 






















































 Holy crap, this story is even way worse than initially reported. Hope they catch him and let him fend for himself in the prison yard 












































 You know Dana is loving this.. gonna drive PPV sales.

Complete disgrace? I think that's a bit overboard considering what we see in other sports all the time 










































































 Great background music too.. glad he's back in the mix! 



















 Wow, tough to take Motor Trend seriously when they can't even do some basic research. Even more damning is that one would assume that a writer for MOTOR TREND would keep up to tabs on why the Model E name won't be used 







































 Horrible business move to try and negotiate when you've one 1 fight out of your last 2. He has no leverage or negotiating power and just signed a new contract!  





























 Didn't Elon say it'd be by July? 
























