




 That was tried when the South seceded.

But Abraham Lincoln revoked their 10th Amendment right to secession by force of arms.

 "If I could save the Union without freeing any slave I would do it, and if I could save it by freeing all the slaves I would do it; and if I could save it by freeing some and leaving others alone I would also do that." -- Abraham Lincoln, in a letter to Horace Greeley, 22 Aug. 1862. 









 Please don't cite the Iraq Body Count stats.

Their statistics count only deaths which were reported in newspapers when we know full and well that the vast majority of Iraqi deaths were not printed in newspapers.

As such, the IBC functions to *downplay* and *minimize* the crimes we committed in Iraq (this is why George Bush cited their numbers). There are [other far more realistic estimates](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Casualties_of_the_Iraq_War) of our carnage and destruction of Iraqi society.

 




 On the legal basis of this, just stop and think about how many peon war criminals we have in the Pentagon. Obviously not people employed as peons in a genocidal war, but flunkees and bookkeepers who engaged in our immoral war of aggression in Iraq (and other places) where we slaughtered hundreds and hundreds of thousands of people.

Hypocrisy much?

 "If certain acts of violation of treaties are crimes, they are crimes whether the United States does them or whether Germany does them, and we are not prepared to lay down a rule of criminal conduct against others which we would not be willing to have invoked against us." -- Justice Robert Jackson, Chief of Counsel for the United States at the post-WWII Nuremberg War Crimes Trials, and later US Supreme Court justice. 




 So they're saying that Israel is like the US. Not really any surprise here... :( 




 Then those families should have stopped their son or daughter from joining our country's war machine.

The problem is we value the attacking, imperial American soldiers' lives as more valuable than the semi-defenseless natives that we slaughter. And so our humanity and morality suffer. Today we're a war-loving country that not only unapologetically tortures people, but we openly shield and protect publicly-admitted torturers.

In many cases the soldiers in the body bags have it easy, as we can see by the epidemic of military suicides today (suicides outnumbering battle deaths in some years).

Do those families whose moral son or daughter commit suicide grieve as much as the family whose kid dies in battle in some far away country that never attacked the US?

 "It will be a great day when our schools get all the money they need and the Air Force has to hold a bake sale to buy a bomber." -- Women's International League for Peace and Freedom. 




  I believe Bill is quoted as saying that not intervening (or at least pushing for intervention) in Rwanda is one of his biggest regrets as President.

Spin after the fact is irrelevant. What's he going to say -- he was glad he did not intervene and thus be essentially ignoring the deaths?

The entire Rwandan tragedy in our popular culture/mainstream narrative is off. It's like pretending that the US has nothing to do with what's happening in Ukraine even though we've overthrown the government there twice in a decade.

To know about Rwanda you have to look at the politics of the various leaders of the area *before* the tragedy, the US and French role/interests in those politics, and follow an exact timeline of events. Needless to say it is a complex situation.

Bill spinning things after he's out of office is like listening to Bush talk about Iraq today. It's largely defensive spin and he'll say exactly what we expect him to say.

**Edit:** For a start on the Rwandan tragedy, [this article](http://journal-neo.org/2015/01/17/the-un-congo-offensive-a-continent-betrayed/) would probably prove to be informative and illuminating reading. 




  On what evidence do you base that?

Several factors. The first is the fact we're still fighting all of these fruitless imperial wars and creating mangled soldiers. Secondly is years of being a disabled veteran. And also as a former professor and history teacher, I'd add a firm grasp of American history and culture.

 What else are citizens supposed to do besides thank servicemen/women for their service?

I know it's a *radical* idea, but here's a thought: Perhaps force our corporate-funded, war-loving politicians to stop attacking other countries and creating veterans?

Why don't we stop being an empire and only fight wars when the US is attacked, and allow the UN to do the job we invented it to do?

We used to be able to excuse our imperialism based on an invented threat that the USSR was going to take over the world. But since the breakup of the USSR what's our excuse now? Again, why aren't we allowing the UN to do the job that we invented the UN to do? (We know the reason, because we're a rogue state and the UN won't do exactly what we tell it to do.)

Of course, that would mean the US government would have to stop seeking "full spectrum dominance", start treating other large powers as equals, and to stop trying to take over the world. That would be a big change. But the upside would be a more peaceful world and stopping the impoverishment of the American people from the debts of all of our insane wars.

 "Were the Soviet Union to sink tomorrow under the waters of the ocean, the American military-industrial establishment would have to go on, substantially unchanged, until some other adversary could be invented. Anything else would be an unacceptable shock to the American economy." -- US ambassador to the USSR and State Dept. strategist George F. Kennan. 




 Quite true.

One is imperialism that doesn't work but that doesn't upset the American people too much since we're slaughtering the defenseless natives by bombing them; and the other is imperialism that doesn't work but that upsets the American people *a* *bit* because we have gullible Americans soldiers coming home hidden in the dark of night in body bags.

Is that *really* that big of a difference? 




 Just don't call it an "old boy network" of *systemic* *corruption.* Remember, these people are "serving us."

/s 




 The thing is you or I (or the US government) don't get to make that choice -- the Iranian people do.

And as I said above, if there's one thing that history proves, it's that the Iranian people can overthrow a tyrannical government if they want to. But most Iranians (certainly not all, but enough to keep it in power) support their Islamic Republic.

Thus, we should stay the hell out of their internal affairs and let them govern themselves as they see fit. We would ask for nothing less from them if the situation was reversed. 




  republic?

Yes, Iran is an Islamic Republic.

There are many forms of republics. Iran may not be the type of republic you or I would design (hell, I would design a republic where the people at least voted for the president, something I in the US don't get to do!), but Iran is a republic nonetheless.

And whatever its faults, Iran is a huge step above a literal dictatorship like the US backs and arms to the teeth in Saudi Arabia (and other countries). 




  At least half of this country is stridently against all of those things,

As much as I'd like to agree with that, there's no way I can.

If we *stridently* felt that way, we'd be out organizing with others and protesting against those things.

Or we'd *at* *least* be writing letters to our mass media and politicians demanding they stop.

Or *the* *minimum* we would do is to refuse to vote for the 2 corrupt political parties that constantly commit these crimes.

But the majority of Americans are *not* doing those things! Therefore, I cannot accept your feel-good claim no matter how much I'd like to. We're simply too indoctrinated with nationalism, militarism and capitalist values.

So, to be honest, given our own laziness and apathy and refusal to work with other people about these issues we supposedly care about and which are impoverishing our country and bankrupting our moral values, the future I see is likely one of a spiraling decline into barbarism.

The old saying was that people had a choice of "socialism or barbarism" -- and it seems we're clearly making that choice.

 "The price of apathy is to be ruled by evil men." -- Plato. 




 You make solid points, but the real question is why should we have done all that? Who put us in charge of running the world?

We used to be able to excuse our imperialism based on an invented threat that the USSR was going to take over the world. But since the breakup of the USSR what's our excuse now?

Why aren't we allowing the UN and collective international action do the job that we invented the UN to do?

Oh yeah, I forgot. Congress in the Clinton years openly debated a bill called the "Silk Road Strategy" which called for the US to establish US hegemony in central Asia and to replace centuries of Russian influence there. And Clinton's Pentagon rolled out the idea of "full spectrum dominance" (nothing less than a plan to rule the world), and since that time we've been doing just that -- waging wars to try to seize key resources and to take over the world and to turn country after country into American vassal states. 




  Following Black Hawk Down, Bill became very hesitant to intervene in foreign affairs.

LMAO! Yeah, I guess the 8 years of *needlessly* bombing Iraq daily/weekly and those little wars in the Balkans were just examples of Bill being timid.

/s 




  because unlike most civilized countries they've actually been marching stridently in the wrong direction.

My country unapologetically tortures people, protects and shields publicly-admitted torturers, and wages wars all across the planet in a clear strategy to take over the world. Therefore, I'm not the most qualified to talk about "civilized countries".

But I will say that when countries and cultures are under attack, they often react in harsh or strange ways. 




  Forget imperialism. This is right-wing fundamentalist proselytizing.

I don't see much of a difference. Cultural imperialism is a facet of imperialism. Religious proselytizing is and has long been a key facet of imperialism.

The fact that today our key facet of imperialism is becoming "NGOs" should not diminish the role of religious proselytizing as imperialism.

 ... after finally failing to establish it here in the US.

It's well established here in the US! It may be losing ground in a lot of the US, but it's far from dead.

 "There is a story, which is fairly well known, about when the missionaries came to Africa. They had the Bible and we, the natives, had the land. They said 'Let us pray,' and we dutifully shut our eyes. When we opened them, why, they now had the land and we had the Bible." -- South African Bishop Desmond Tutu. 




 There were scenes from different neighborhoods, weren't there?

The most hostile was the one asshole who deliberately walked between the two and then got in one guy's face, clearly itching for a fight. That scene appeared to be in a more working class neighborhood with a large apartment building in the background.

I'm not defending the asshole, and another person has pointed out that Russia does indeed have a less accepting view of homosexuality than the US or UK has. What I'm saying is that in most any city you'll get a variety of responses from different neighborhoods and different situations.

And since I don't speak Russian, I'd love to know what the two guys holding hands were talking about as they were walking. That could have been another factor in the response they got.

Cultural change in a large country takes time. The change in attitudes towards homosexuals in the US has been fast over the past couple of decades, but that is due not only to the brilliance of activists, but also due to the AIDS crisis and the open support of much of the corporate mass media.

I'm guessing that Russia has very different factors at work, and our renewed Cold War against Russia and them feeling under attack from the west likely helps breed intolerance towards gays. 




 This is part of the problem -- cultural imperialism.

Rather than let various countries observe more the way other countries do things and to allow the society to willingly adopt change at their own rate, our imperialist mindset turns countries a political football for our internal politics and forces divisions in the countries themselves.

I think a good analogy is Iran and their theocratic government. If Iran had been allowed to develop themselves, they'd be a very different country and government today.

Instead, we overthrew their democratic government in 1953, backed a dictator hell bent on making the country look like the US or Europe, and the backlash from strip bars and the foreign culture shoved down Iranians' throats by the dictator resulted in a reaction that still impacts Iran today.

 "Religious suffering is, at one and the same time, the expression of real suffering and a protest against real suffering. Religion is the sigh of the oppressed creature, the heart of a heartless world, and the soul of soulless conditions. It is the opium of the people." -- Karl Marx 




 "Downtown" is a rough description. I'd guess that in a city that large you'd have a variety of different neighborhoods and areas where you'd be more likely to get different responses. 




 I do not support *legalizing* all drugs.

I *do* however, support *decriminalizing* *all* drugs.

We should learn the lesson from Portugal's successful 10+ year experience of decriminalizing *all* drugs.

Portugal has saved massive amounts of money in anti-drug law enforcement, has eliminated drug-related crime, and now has the lowest heroin addiction rate in Europe. For various other drugs, their usage as essentially the same (some rising a bit, some falling a bit).

We in the US have an epidemic of heroin use, stemming largely from our absurd drug policies and the fact that we're fighting a war of aggression in Afghanistan (the CIA always imports drugs from areas where the US fights wars).

We're way overdue to actually *do* *something* about our drug problems, and it's crystal clear that Nixon's "war on drugs" and Reagan's insane "just say no"/lock them up policies have been utter failures.

It's time to try something that will actually work. 




 That's an interesting chart and data; simplistic but still interesting. I read that as saying that a very large majority of humanity says they do not accept homosexuality.

Given I live in the US, I had no idea that the amount of disapproval was so huge. 




  Incredibly biased.

But that's the Washington Times in a nutshell. It is a far-right newspaper. Sometimes they do make a point, but the vast majority of the time they're way over the top and are just pushing their agenda.

 "the American appeaser-in-chief."

This is one of my pet peeves about history. Appeasement is often a perfectly valid and logical policy. But today it's used as a mindless political smear. Historically the policy of appeasing Hitler before WWII was fully supported by the UK, France *and* the US.

In fact, the only country to oppose appeasement was the USSR, and Stalin read the west's appeasement and refusal to form a joint anti-Hitler alliance as the west wanting to turn Hitler eastward towards the USSR. 




 To go along with this, a question:

For a user who knows what SysV's /etc/init scripts do, a basic idea of SysV's runlevels, etc., but who does *not* want to become a *nix guru, could someone suggest an "overview" of systemd?

I'm looking for an overview that gives the basic concept(s), the location of important things on the directory tree, commonly used commands -- that sort of thing. Something aimed more at a user or poweruser level as opposed to something deep and aimed at gurus or pro sysadmins.

TIA. 




 We have been deliberately misinformed by anti-Iranian propaganda for *decades.*

One example I stumbled on recently was about Iran's military vis-a-vis the Saudi military. Our corporate mass media constantly portrays the Iranian *republic* as a military threat to the entire region, and at the same time, the Saudi *dictatorship* is portrayed as sort of twisted but largely benevolent.

So answer this: Which spends more on its military, Saudi Arabia or Iran?

According to [this](http://atimes.com/2015/07/historic-iran-nuke-deal-resets-eurasias-great-game-escobar/), the Saudis spend *13* *times* *more* on "defense" than Iran does. I like to think I keep up on current events, but needless to say I was shocked.

The fact that Iranians party and that Iranian women typically wear makeup would come as a shock to many in the US. We've been deliberately misinformed to fit our government's geo-political aggressions and goals.

With that said, even Der Spiegel in this article cannot help but to spin things with the theme that Iranians are yearning to be free and to be just like the west.

If history teaches us anything, it is the fact that the Iranian people are more than capable of rising up and overthrowing a corrupt government. The west should keep its nose out of Iran, resist the temptation to fund dissidents and to arrange another US/western-sponsored coup d'etat, and to let the Iranian people decide their own fate. 




 Elitist as the guy's fares? How about as elitist as the guy himself?

Who the hell displays a CIB on the dash of his taxi?!

He's using that callous display as a way to con/guilt people out of a larger tip -- that's a disgrace to every infantryman who has ever worn the CIB! 




  Almost no one notices it, or they notice it and just don't care.

Veteran here. We don't care. And this guy is nothing special -- even if he displays his CIB (in a cab!?!) -- he needs to get that through his head.

He *volunteered* to join the military. We were never attacked by another country. His war on Iraq was based on coldly calculated lies and propaganda by an evil government who decided to wage a war to control the Middle East and Iraq's massive oil reserves. He was a gullible pawn used in a large geo-political game of empire.

That's a tough pill to swallow, but the sooner he swallows it the better off he'll be.

We no longer have a military made up of a rough cross-cut of citizens of the country. Today we have a form of Praetorian Guard -- an elite, privileged military force with little relationship to the country the military claims to serve. This guy choose to join that Praetorian Guard, what the Pentagon calls the "professional army", an army of non-conscripts deliberately created so the US government could wage unpopular wars without the public opposition (and opposition *inside* the US military) that we saw in the Vietnam War.

People give faux polite deference to the military and its soldiers (the "thank you for your service[sic]"), but we really don't care what those soldiers are going through. This is only common sense, since deep down many Americans know that the sacrifices of US soldiers have nothing to do with serving our country, but the military instead functions in reality to seize markets, complete corporate conquests and to wage imperial struggles decided by our out-of-touch political class.

This guy needs to swallow the "red pill" and accept reality. And Vice needs to stop this type of emotionally-based militaristic propaganda.

 "I spent 33 years and four months in active military service and during that period I spent most of my time as a high class thug for Big Business, for Wall Street and the bankers. In short, I was a racketeer, a gangster for capitalism." -- USMC Maj. Gen. Smedley Butler, winner of 2 Congressional Medals of Honor. 




 Oh yes, I remember reading the blather.

I particularly liked the feel-good rhetoric about his anti-nuclear claims. In the years that have passed, the US opposition no a nuclear-free zone in the Middle East and our massive spending to build a new generation of nuclear weapons, not to mention our destabilizing anti-missile system in Europe designed to negate Russia's nuclear deterrence, should have all put the lie to the claim that the US is opposed to nuclear weapons.

The Nobel committee's feeble claims of Obama's outreach to the Muslim world are also pretty laughable. Not only was Obama forced to withdraw from Iraq based on Bush's agreement and timetable, but the US-backed slaughter in places like Libya and Syria, to the US' support of the US-trained/armed/funded Egyptian military overthrowing their elected government and slaughtering hundreds of civilian supporters of that elected government, should highlight the truth that we're not interested in either peace or democracy -- except when it suits US geo-political purposes.

Let's face it, we're an empire trying to take over the world. Obama's adherence to the immoral "Bush Doctrine", and our many wars and aggressions across the globe all proves that. 




 The corruption of *both* of the parties that rule the US and our government is *systemic.* But no one seems to look at it that way, let alone do anything.

With that in mind, how should we motivate people to organize and act?

For a population raised on TV infotainment and constant remakes of James Bond movies and other good-guy/bad-guy movies, Taibbi's use of the term "double agent" in his title goes far beyond merely being "clever." Let's hope it sinks in...

 "Theres class warfare, all right, but its my class, the rich class, thats making war, and were winning." -- Warren Buffett, the 2nd richest man in the world. 




 Given the disgrace of awarding the Nobel Peace Prize to Obama, and the previous award to the war criminal Henry Kissinger, does anyone still take the Nobel Peace Prize seriously?!

Sure, to give the Prize an air of legitimacy, some deserving and honorable people working hard to advance peace are given the Prize. That's nice.

But overall, the Nobel Peace Prize is simply western propaganda. It's an award to push the geo-political agenda of the US and west. In Obama's case the prize was given to Obama for doing nothing as a way to whitewash the US' reputation after the crimes of the disastrous Bush regime. The reasons behind the advocacy of giving the prize to Poroshenko is obvious.

As sad as it is, we should accept the reality and simply ignore the Nobel Peace Prize as a propaganda tool. 




 In certain areas/neighborhoods that's most certainly true. In other areas, it would be no problem. I'm guessing Russia is pretty much the same. 




 Is anyone else saddened to know that this entire genre of music -- this "thriving rock scene" -- arose to service and entertain American soldiers during our immoral war on Vietnam? We can see the legacy of this cultural imperialism by calling him the "Cambodian Elvis."

We should be thankful that Vietnam invaded Cambodia to put an end to the Khmer Rouge's murderous regime, and we should also remember the sad fact that the US and west *supported* and armed the Khmer Rouge after they were overthrown by the Vietnamese. 









 It is a far-right newspaper from the US. This article is merely another facet of the right-wing drive to oppose the Iranian agreement.

Russia, the US and everyone with a brain knows that the European-based US anti-missile system was never about Iran. That was just a convenient lie by the US government. The anti-missile system is and was always about trying to negate Russia's nuclear deterrent.

And for that reason the US will not abandon our destabilizing anti-missile system no matter how much money it saves us. 




 *If* this is true -- that the US will dump our destabilizing anti-missile system -- then that is great news!

But let's be real. Russia, the US and everyone with a brain knows that the European-based US anti-missile system was never about Iran. That was just a convenient lie by the US government. The anti-missile system is and was always about trying to negate Russia's nuclear deterrent.

And for that reason the US will not abandon our destabilizing anti-missile system no matter how much money it saves us.

Thus, this entire Washington Times' article is off-base. This article is merely another facet of the right-wing drive to oppose the Iranian agreement. 









