




 Hi again,

Well now that I take a closer look I don't think it's an issue of space between the copper place and that copper tubing, but here are photos of the unit assembled, the GPU uncovered, and a side shot so you can see the space (or lackthereof) between that plate and tube.

http://imgur.com/a/cj4yy

Thanks for any help. 




 A small step for pope, a giant ... Aww fuck it, this is such horseshit from someone with a private jet who sits on golden chairs of opulence.  




 You are correct, sir. 




 I'll take a photo tomorrow, I really appreciate the help. 

When I had it on earlier and the case open, the metal plate on the GPU was hot (as in cook flesh in 1 second) and the heat sink by the fan was relatively cool. So possibly heat isn't transferring to that copper tube thingy.  




 Positive I did the GPU and not the CPU. 

The thermal paste was placed between the GPU and a copper plate. There is a plastic piece that surrounds the GPU on all sides that I wasn't expecting (note that it was not on top of the GPU though). 

I'm a little hesitant to get a picture because it means taking it apart again. How helpful would it be?

It seems very strange to me that it would even get that hot when not running something demanding. I even started windows in safe mode and ended up turning it off it got so hot.  




 A conversation first. One thing I'm learning, which I couldn't do in my marriage which lead to it ending, was effectively speak my feelings and stand up for myself without knocking my wife down. It's difficult managing a relationship. Sometimes I just think I'm not cut out for it. 




 That's sad, I feel for you. I'm recently divorced and know how bad things can feel. If you don't think she will say something nice to you it sounds like there are issues that need to be addressed.
 




 close. but really, can't we guess most films before seeing them? 




 It was a joke because of your use of "or". 




 Do we get to choose or is it like Let's Make a Deal? 




 Wow, that poor girl! Someone should move her out. 




 Well, thermal paste added and heat sinks cleaned up. The GPU still gets to 117c then shuts down, but I bought maybe 5-10 additional seconds before it reaches that temp. 

Any other ideas? 




 Yeah it's running. I have the case open so I can see it.  




 Thanks for the advice. I'll give that a shot.  




 Hi Reddit techsupport,

I have a 2 year old Sager laptop with a GeForce 460m graphics card. About 2 weeks ago it started acting strange and automatically shutting off. This started when I was playing L4D2 - when there was a big horde and lots of action it would start to stutter and then just shut off. At first I thought it was due to the similarly timed Steam update, that maybe it was more RAM demanding. 

Then I noticed how hot the machine was getting and downloaded speedfan to monitor temps while playing. The GPU would get to about 110c and then the stuttering starts and the laptop would shut down. 

Now I turn on my laptop and turn on speedfan and nothing else. In well under a minute (30 seconds maybe) the temp of the GPU gets to 117c and shuts down - and that's with having the laptop on its side with the bottom casing off for better ventilation. 

Obviously I don't have enough time to even download new drivers. 

Is this a thing with this GPU? What should I do? Given my recent divorce (not looking for sympathy) I can't afford to swap the chip. 

Typing on my phone so sorry for any typos. 

Any help is appreciated. 

train_subject4065 




  Moviepass

moviepass.com 




  moviepass

check out moviepass.com, if your theater takes Discover then moviepass should work. 




 I'm thinking about signing up for MoviePass (like $30/month and you get to go to unlimited number of movies, a few caveats of course) but I'm wondering if anyone has tried this in VT theaters, and if so how it went.

Theoretically it should work since it's just a Discover credit card, but you never know.

Thanks! 




 Tip: do humanity a favor and just leave now.  




 The rest of the world no longer exists. You are humanity's final hope. 

It is time for you to procreate.  




 A Real Doll.  




 Well, I love it. I can see why some feel it's "sterile" but I love that clean look.

I'd like to know the specific paint colors/base used for the walls and stairs. 




 I don't think anything like this leads to change.

There has to be a violent spark to start that fire. 




 You don't need a checking account to accept a check. 




 In this case, self hatred or alcoholism I suppose.  




 This. It's also available in the Amazon Android app store. 




 The fact that the reflection wasn't adjusted kind of ruins it. 




 Just looking at that my IBS is acting up! 



















 It's not that the U.S. isn't brutal enough, it's that the military is no longer needed to take another country. Capitalism and corporations do it for us. 




 Going through a divorce now myself. Your statement sounds like you're describing me. 

Good luck with everything, and sorry about your marriage.  




 You need to look up Dean Radin if you haven't already. He is a scientist seriously studying psychic phenomena. He has a few books.  




 Not me.  




 You aren't. I've asked people in-game and a couple others said the same. 
 




 Similar here but not that bad. I had to adjust video settings down to improve lag. Graphics don't look as good as they could but still very playable. Hopefully they'll fix. Contact their support on twitter.  




 It's down. 




 Say whaaaaaaaaaat? 




 Thanks for the info. Definitely see how things like the protein would've a lot.  




 Aww I liked the movie! I saw it in the theatre and thought it was good.  




 I just learned about soylent today and purchased a 1 week supply to try it. 

I am curious though, why couldn't this just be supplied and taken in pill form? Maybe I'm ignorant on the whole thing. I'm sure it would be a large number of pills, but you could take them throughout the day.  




 Have you tried craigslist? If you go to school there may be resources available to put you in touch with other students.  




 I suggest you take her to Guildhall.  

Only because, it rhymes with anal. 

In all seriousness though, anal is grande.  




 Glad you can enjoy it. Just not for me, too dark and sounds bad to me.  




 it's a cam rip, hence the utterly unwatachabilitynessesque of it. 




 The update seemed to mess up my video settings, still can't seem to get them right.  














 Scratch that off the list of places to visit.  









 Congratulations, happy for you both.

BTW, can't unsee the placement of the exclamation point. 




 Shit myself a little. 




 Anotha' Hans Zimma' 









 Probably the Chinese cut as well. 


















































































































