 Not a whole lot right now. I just quit my gym earlier this year, but I plan on getting into it more soon. 




 Myfitnesspal is an app that you track your daily food and exercise intake on. It's awesome and it's free!  




 I was on a ketogenic diet for over a year, but now I just do everything in moderation. I think I've only had one soda this year that's not zero calorie. But I occasionally eay pizza, or tacos, but I don't eat more than 500 (max amount of calories) in one sitting.  




 I really watched absolutely everything I consumed. I mean EVERYTHING. I measured my food with a scale, and every liquid with measuring cups and I bought a spoon set for measuring butters and oils. I kept my macronutrients within the ketogenic scale too. Check out /r/keto, it's amazing. I did mostly low impact cardio for the first year or two and started lifting weights last year. Nothing hard core, just a simple routine. And this year I'm running daily and still watching my diet. I keep my carbs pretty low still, but I'm not strictly keto now. I love my fruit! :) 




 I've had that happen to me several times already. It's a really awesome feeling when they realize who I am. Haha! 




 I was just there for a new fitting a few months ago and I bought two new bras that are amazing. I'm not wearing either in the picture I took today though. :/ 




 Everyone has told me how it's amazing that I kept most of my boobs. I didn't do anything specific to keep them. I think it's just genetic, many women in my family have big boobs.  









 Dem collar bones! But, seriously, WOW! You can really see you're smiling with your eye in the after picture. The before picture looks forced. Great job!  




 You look fantastic! Wow! I wouldn't be able to speak a coherent sentence to your face if I saw you in real life. I get flustered and nervous around attractive people... 




 I love this style!!!!!!! 




 We were doing yard work in the back yard today, and my neighbor was yelling at us to come quick. Her dog found this little guy and he was barely moving. I ran to the house and got a towel and called my FIL (who works for a wildlife company). He gave me the run down on what to do. I warmed the baby up and put him back under the tree where he fell. He wasn't hurt, and he was very lively, he started sucking on my fingers while I was holding him. We were constantly keeping an eye on him and about fifteen minutes ago, mama showed up and took him back to the nest! He was so sweet and so cute! 









 I just want to say, you are an amazing inspiration and you look gorgeous and so happy! Congratulations on your new baby and your amazing healthy body! You're incredible!  




 Ah! Gotcha! You have to use a crochet hook and you go through the back loop and pull the yarn through both stitches. Then slide the stitches of the knitting needles. After the first bind of stitch you pull the yarn through three stitches to bind off. I'm sorry if that is hard to understand. I'll do a video soon and post it.  




 I would like a link for one. Please and thank you.  




 If I were you I'd just buy the patten on ravelry. I tried to figure it out using tutorials and free stuff I found on the Internet, but they never came out right until I paid for the pattern.  




 Thanks! :D 




 I believe shitlording is bashing on fat people with no justification or help. Everything I've ever posted is either about confusion, hurt, help, or disappointment. After being obese and realizing how easy it really is to be healthy, I'm trying to help people do re same. My two BEST friends in the world are in the morbidly obese range, and I love them. I've also helped them both to lose weight. I want people to make their lives the best that they can.  




 I'm going to have to check those out. I've been meaning to start a new shawl and I keep getting distracted.  




