




 http://www.cbsnews.com/news/tea-party-supporters-who-they-are-and-what-they-believe/ 














 Movement conservatives are increasingly old, white, male and cranky. Why don't we call the Tea Party what it is: the "Get the Hell Off My Lawn Party"? 




 Journalism is at its worthless laziest when falling back on false equivalency, airing "both points of view" on a non-debatable topic. Sure, it fills extra page space or airtime, and it allows media owners to escape taking a position, but it is the worst kind of chicken shit.  














 Forget water stocks and other commodity plays. Human ingenuity consistently finds ways around materials shortages of nearly any kind, and you definitely are not the first investor to read popular stories about future water shortages. 

Instead, I invest in technologies and systems that will endure, making money now as well as in the future. Renewable energy is one of those industries, by the way; especially solar (read up on "Swan's Law"). Others include railroads, insurance, consumer staples, technology, health care, urban real estate and energy efficient buildings. 

To a large degree, it's not a question of what you invest in as much as what you *don't*. For example, you'll do well with a broad basket of stocks that just avoids fossil fuels, so you could get into a sector ETF focused on something else like consumer stocks, healthcare stocks, insurance, tech, etc..

But beware of fad sectors. Look for reasonable PEG ratios, good ROE, strong competitive moats, durable product lines and good management. That usually means larger companies.  


































 Well, Greenpeace, if you really care so much about solving the climate mess, why do you continue to oppose the nuclear power that can help us do it? 




 What's with the giant hot spot in the middle of Russia? 




 Don't expect it to happen overnight, but I think we'll learn to overcome more of our violent, selfish, simian nature over time--provided that we can cooperate to more fairly distribute the benefits of prosperity, and to avoid destroying the environment that makes that prosperity possible. Challenges, but feasible ones. 




 It depends on two things: 1) how easily labor is displaced by technology, 2) who owns the technology systems and their output.

This is the "elasticity of substitution" debate that is such a hot economic topic now. I'm not optimistic about labor's value in a world bent on replacing workers with machines, and I'm even less optimistic about owners of those machine systems sharing a penny of their profits with their fellow citizens. Instead, we're seeing a retreat of the rich behind various kinds of moats: guarded, elite residential buildings in a few wealthy cities like London, Tokyo, New York and Hong Kong; wealthy tax havens like Switzerland and Singapore; gated compounds and neighborhoods; remote, expensive resort towns, etc..
 




 Around 20-25 percent the cost of a nuclear plant. 




 Iraq has been in the grips of a three-way civil war for generations. Saddam represented just one of those three factions and brutally repressed the others. So, when we destroyed Saddam and dispossessed his Sunni Baath followers, we naturally heard some limited gratitude from their enemies. But that wasn't enough to prevent many Sunnis from continuing the war, linking up with Syrian Sunnis, creating ISIS, etc.. 

To be clear, there was probably no way to prevent this escalation of chaos and fanaticism once we had invaded Iraq. Keeping Baathists employed and in some degree of power many have helped, but it is doubtful. The horrific regional drought was also a trigger that would have been hard to overcome. 




 After being installed and cultivated by the US for decades, Saddam Hussein broke with the West in the late 1980s after he (and we) learned that the Reagan and Bush administrations had been secretly selling arms to Iran during his bloody war with that country. He then become the Middle East's worst bad boy, invading Kuwait, launching missile attacks against Israel and Saudi Arabia, brutally killing his own domestic enemies in an ongoing civil war, etc.. 

After his defeat by the US and allies in the 1991 Gulf War, Saddam turned to spouting Islamic religious rhetoric and threats against Israel in a ploy to unite Iraq's warring Muslim factions behind him, which further alarmed the West. He also threatened to sell his country's oil only in Euros, undermining the US Dollar. And, to deter attacks from his neighbors, he also hinted that he manufactured chemical weapons and was building a nuke, which, although untrue, gave GW Bush a flimsy excuse to push the US into invading Iraq.  




 By Paul O'Neill's very credible account, Bush was so intent on finding any pretense to invade Iraq *before* 9/11 that he and his neocon circle jumped at the chance afterwards, and barely gave a thought to the consequences. Once in, of course, they discovered that there was no easy exit. 




 Too much, I agree, but don't forget that nearly all opposition to the Iraq invasion came from Dems.

http://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=107 session=2 vote=00237 




 Either very stupid or very cynical.
http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/01/10/oneill.bush/ 




 Not to grab Iraqi oil; to ensure cheaper *global* oil prices.

Look at the [2003 Brent crude price chart](http://classic.tradingcharts.com/historical/BC/2002/0/continuous.html). Can you spot the month when we invaded Iraq?  




 You'll have to ask Tony Blair about specifics, but I do recall that British support was rather key.  




 This was definitely my sentiment at the time but not that of many others. 




 Cheap oil from SA, Kuwait, the UAE, Egypt, Qatar... 




 Not "run by"; "protected by". Also "consumed by" (for example, the US Navy is the world's largest single oil guzzler). 




 Not for Iraqi oil. For Saudi, UAE and Kuwaiti oil. For low WTI and Brent prices.  




 Not where it matters, they didn't. 




 I'm just not as sweet as I seem. 




 Not a bit. 




 Different world back then. The US fracking boom hadn't yet happened.  Also, the desire to protect ME oil wasn't predicated on the desire to ship it to the US so much as to our allies, to keep the global economy ticking. 




 And then we had them sandwiched.  




 Don't be that guy. 




 Al Maliki? "The enemy of my enemy is my friend." There could be no other reason to support him.

However, the litany of Bush botches in Iraq is endless, so who knows? 




 Well, it cost several hundred thousand lives and at least $2 trillion, and it spawned ISIS. How did all that benefit us again? 




 Yeah, but the US at the time was in the act of retaliating against actual Al Qaeda and Taliban strongholds in Afghanistan, where bin Laden and company were hiding out in Tora Bora. We broke off that attack in order to invade Iraq, which Bush well knew had nothing to do with 9/11. 




 Iraq was in a state of civil war kept in check by a dictator. Saddam did not gas his own Sunni people; he gassed Kurds and Shia.  




 Indeed it did, although not through our mere presence so much as through our unforgivable blunders with de-Baathification, etc.. 




 I'll look up a vid. 




 I doubt that the intention was to grab Iraqi oil. Most accounts of the conversation, such as O'Neill's, indicate that plans called for Iraqi oil primarily to pay for reconstruction. However, the greater oil objective was to eliminate the threat that Saddam posed to the oil business across the region, as well as to Israel. 




 So did some Shias. But that was a far cry from any kind of general welcome, no?  




 Well, thanks...I think. Your reference piqued my curiosity enough to drive me to read one of his articles, and he seems interesting. However, I'm definitely not overly concerned with Marx and Hegel, as he seems to be. 




 The US and NATO have Russia surrounded as it is, including air bases, naval bases and missiles much closer to Russian borders than Iraq is. Pressuring Russian client Syria may have contributed to the Iraq decision, but I doubt that anyone was trying to piss off Russia itself. Just my inexpert quick take, however. 




 The Middle East oil patch has been politically unstable since its discovery. The 1990s saw widespread warfare there. 




 Just summarizing the article, with only a little editorializing. 




 Maybe, although one cannot dismiss deeper, oily motives. 




 Nope. Presbyterian. 




 I couldn't agree more. I merely pointed out what some *expected* to happen. Needless to say, they were blind to some key realities.  




 Depends on the cutoff date you choose, as well. If you mean just during and immediately after the invasion, 100,000-200,000. If you include the 12 years of bloody, escalating chaos that the US invasion unleashed, many, many more and still counting. ISIS is a direct result.  









 "Why would we want to reassure Saudi Arabia?!"

I dunno. Maybe a well-equipped, belligerent rogue nation spanning most of their northern border, just a few hours' drive from Ghawar and Riyadh? A rogue nation that had already demonstrated its ambitions by seizing Kuwait and spraying missiles all over the region, including more than a few at SA itself?

"Iran wasn't the target, it was Saudi Arabia." 

Tell that to the American and British conservatives who crowed during the Iraq invasion, ["Boys go to Baghdad but real men go to Tehran"](http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2003/04/21/war-without-end).

"you've defined the situation without truly knowing all the facts...you can't fundamentally know what's really going on."

Enlighten me, then. Share your insights rather than just claiming to know secrets. 




 Let's just complete that headline:

"The biggest threat to Americas future is  American conservatives bent on wrecking the Federal government and fracturing Americans into angry tribes, while ignoring all foreigners unless they sell us cheap oil."
 




 This article asks exactly that real-adult question. 




 Stabilize the Persian Gulf oil industry and political landscape, reassuring the Saudis, Israelis, Emirates and so on, while creating a staging area for military pressure on Iran. Behind it all, an overarching desire to consolidate Anglo-American control, ensuring the continued flow of Middle Eastern oil and deeper military partnerships with key allies there. Basically, a greedfest for an American-run military-petroleum complex.

Much also has to do with the American conservative hard-on for World War Two, which led to the ignorant delusion that Iraqis would "greet us as liberators", and that the occupation would go as smoothly as in postwar Japan and Germany.  




  the person with the highest production values in their commercials and campaign will probably get the disinterested voters.

They already do, don't they? 




 [Half of Americans](http://abcnews.go.com/Technology/story?id=119358) do not have computers or broadband. That share is far higher among black and Hispanic households, as well as in poor states and counties, on Indian reservations, etc.. What about them? 




 Sometimes apathy, but often just very busy, hardworking people who forget to take time to vote before or after work, and who can't get paid time to do it. It's no surprise that 70-somethings vote three times as often as the young; younger adults are juggling school, work, childcare, military service, moving for jobs, and much else. So we have a government of the old, by the old, and for the old. 




 Let me know when you repeal gravity, and I'll move there for the flying cars. 




 Maybe *you* thought the idea behind basic income is to destroy the rest of the social safety net, but I call that a right-wing fantasy--just like the notion that we can have a functioning society in which all the rewards go to the rich. 




 Not if you think the purpose of basic income is to reverse rising inequality and to reduce the need for a police state. 




 Almost. To be durable, a UBI must indeed be *in addition to* basic human services such as education, healthcare and childcare. However,  the myth that all of the poor will blow every other spare dime on hookers, heroin and horse racing just doesn't bear out. 

Meanwhile, the alternative is inequality rising to intolerable extremes, with a massive police state growing in tandem. 




 Most of these systems are mounted in police cars, and static cameras are already becoming too ubiquitous to avoid. Next it'll be drones recording vehicle locations. Meanwhile, the vehicles themselves are becoming rife with location-revealing gadgets.

All your credit purchases already locate you as well. So do the RFID chips on the products you buy with credit cards. Then there's facial recognition software, which will soon tie into surveillance cameras in every store, every parking lot, every public square, every ATM. And so on.

By the time self-driving cars become cheap and practical, their records of your location will be the least of your privacy worries. 














 Tort reform = Eliminating the right of patients to sue for careless treatment. [Like these poor bastards.](http://listverse.com/2013/05/29/10-horrible-cases-of-medical-malpractice/)

 




 And Oregon is a vote-by-mail state as well. This couldn't possibly have anything to do with Oregon having some of the [country's highest voter turnout](http://www.csmonitor.com/USA/Elections/2012/1106/Voter-turnout-the-6-states-that-rank-highest-and-why/Oregon), could it? 




 Not necessary if you vote by mail, as every voter in my state does. 




 This. Every US city has flat corridors that should include dedicated bike infrastructure, but generally don't.  




  Washington benefitted a lot from attracting higher middle class people

Cite? I would argue that Washington income averages are skewed by its incredibly wealthy elite and relatively small population. The state also has a fortunate mix of hot companies in tech, biotech, aerospace, healthcare and consumer services, as well as the largest export economic share in the country.

Still, poverty rates have risen over time and inequality is extreme. Once you get beyond the glow of Seattle, there's a lot of life on the skids. 




 Is there really any difference between economics and politics? Nothing is more political than the distribution of money. 




 The WA B O tax rate for service businesses is quite high at .015%, and these are the businesses that employ the most minimum wage workers. 




 Unfortunately not. Human drivers will disrupt and endanger an otherwise smoothly coordinated traffic system. The idea is to do away with traffic lights, traffic jams and even traffic laws. 




 Countless ways. Here's [just one small example.](http://www.motorolasolutions.com/en_us/products/software-applications/public-sector-applications/automatic-license-plate-recognition.html) 




 How true. The trouble with dedicating oneself to constantly repeating a big lie is that, at a certain point, one can never reverse course. 

These days I think of the Republican Party as a philandering husband caught in bed with his wife's best friend, endlessly saying, "what woman? I see no woman here...". 




 5 feet is a beautiful standard, if only for the fact that it's so much easier to publicize and enforce than the widely ignored 3-foot laws in some states. Most drivers probably won't yield the full five feet, but they'll yield *something*. 




 Think of where tech will be, not where it is. Dealing with unmapped roads won't pose a problem for long. Meanwhile, the privacy of one's movements is already nearly gone, for a number of reasons beyond your phone, and such privacy will soon be even rarer.  




 How would automated cars take away your freedom to go where you want? And records of your movements are already kept.  




 This is why the fossil fuel industry gives [90% of its campaign money to Republicans](http://grist.org/politics/heres-why-the-gop-just-loves-fossil-fuels/). They're for sale. 




 Out of sight, out of mind. 




 Article is behind registration wall. 




 Gut bank regulation and defund the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau? What could possibly go wrong? 




 Tax-exempt bonds are supposed to be for state and local infrastructure and not private business."

Bingo.  




 Same here. Buddies and I rode to school most days, and early teen summers were dedicated to maximizing distance between our Schwinns and our parents. That just doesn't exist now. 




 That and the 1970s energy crisis, both of which spurred the Dutch and Danes to prioritize cycling infrastructure along with wind energy and much else. [Here](http://www.triplepundit.com/2013/10/brief-history-cycling-denmark-netherlands/) is a good piece on it. 









 That and the [other reasons](http://www.oregonlive.com/pacific-northwest-news/index.ssf/2011/10/newport_surfer_on_great_white.html). 




 The author seems unaware of the fact that fossil fueled Republicans *want* ordinary people to feel pain from EPA regulations, to generate fiercer opposition to them. 




 No 




 Not being a sys admin, I can't comment on the skills you'd learn in a larger enterprise, but I will say that large corporate names bring prestige to almost any resume, in any business field. 














 Been there as well at minus tide. On acid. Which may be the only way to make the natural colors actually seem that vivid. 









 Given their apparent phallic fixation, shouldn't they be going after the Washington Monument rather than the White House? 




 Advertisers *do* pay you. They provide you with television networks, radio stations, magazines, newspapers, and an incredibly wide range of websites, games and apps--all for the small price of trying to lure you with appealing messages. That isn't such a bad exchange. 




 38 inches in Seattle, and almost none of it in the summer. Get ready to fork out millions for larger reservoirs.  







































 Another attack on climate science from a paid oil industry minion.

Get used to this. It won't be the fossil fuel industry's last attempt to defund NASA's climate work. 




 It *is* global warming. The slowing, wobbling polar jet is being driven far north off the West Coast by a warm NE Pacific; the jet picks up cold Arctic air before lurching southward into New England. Result: the entire US West Coast has a record-warmest winter and ongoing drought even as Boston freezes.

The world just had another record-warmest year. This won't be the last time we see wild swings like this. In fact, this may be a recurring pattern. 




 A more likely possibility: Seattle has always been a boom/bust town, and property prices are currently booming, meaning that many restaurants are facing more costly lease renewals. 

The minimum wage boost is still years away for the vast majority of them. This story is just a local magazine's way to spin controversy. 




 Seattle Mag is a slick monthly, but I take your point. And the fact that very few of these restaurants will have to raise wages for years to come suggests that recent closures are for other reasons entirely--such as the fact that Seattle is positively crawling with restaurants. 




 Solar's cost is primarily in panels, infrastructure and transmission; not in land. It's also relative to electricity cost, which is generally highest in most populated areas. So simply providing land for solar in pipeline country, like the middle of Oklahoma, North Dakota or Alberta, doesn't make it worth anyone's while to buy the panels or to pay for transmission to distant cities. 




 "Thus, although CR do not contribute measurably to the 20th-century global warming trend, they do appear as a nontraditional forcing in the climate system on short interannual timescales". 




 They actually hired Timothy McVeigh's defense attorney for this? The clueless haven't a clue. 














 [Here is the link](https://petitions.whitehouse.gov) to the petition, for anyone who cares to sign. There are 271,450 signatures at this writing. 
























 Based on all the downvotes, it looks as if the anti-science brigade is in full lurk. 




 First, the recent oil price crash may not be a slump so much as the beginning of a long liquidation. The sheiks are not revealing their motives, but they know that oil will be outlawed as a fuel within a few decades.

Second, the primary beneficiaries of a price uptick would be the nationalized companies that comprise 80% of the oil industry, and which have the world's lowest production costs. 









 The study seems to clearly show that the rate of change is not constant at all; it is accelerating. 




 Joining Citizen's Climate Lobby is a good place to start. They're one of the most focused and effective groups, and they're dedicated to passing a fee-and-dividend carbon tax. 














 Your posts here just explained why solutions to this must be broad and systemic. Leaving the matter up to individuals who are locked into high-polluting life investments simply doesn't work; we need to help one another move to something better. 




 It's never too late to stop making the problem worse. 




 It's a press release. There is no such language in the actual abstract: http://www.nature.com/nclimate/journal/vaop/ncurrent/full/nclimate2552.html 




 One could also call it The Confederate States of America. 




 All that, *and* lower earners pay [far more](http://www.ibtimes.com/poor-families-pay-double-state-local-tax-rate-rich-study-1782956) of their income in state and local taxes as well. 




 Technicalities. I'm among the Chosen, so I get a free pass! Mom always said I was special.

 




 We don't need the GOP? You mean the party that controls Congress, the Supreme Court, 31 governorships and 29 state legislatures?

Yes, we need Republicans. 









 Says the left-leaning Guardian. They're right, but I still chuckle at the irony. 









 Pensions can be portable.  




 Mine, too. However, neither of us sound like the throng of low-paid, nonunion blue-collar workers in my area whose life savings couldn't buy a new Kia.   




 For those hyperventilating over the headline hype, it's helpful to know that this comes from The Stranger, Seattle's edgier alt weekly, and this is their typical tone. However, the message is a good one: a port commission that claims environmental leadership, yet is dropping trou for Arctic drillers, needs to be held to account. 




 Social Security and Medicare predated the loss of American pensions, while IRAs and 401(k)s were only intended to supplement traditional pensions, not to replace them. As replacements, they have been miserable failures, as this article and many others point out. 









 A very weak one, so far. 




 The fossil fuels industry and its business allies are behind most organized climate science denial, and they don't hate anyone. For these coldly calculating bastards, business is business, Mann is in the way, and riling up the peasants against him is simply an effective tactic.  




 The Republican Party sells out to the oil industry once again. 




 Yet pensions created and sustained a middle class, and they still do in the rest of the developed world, loosely speaking. Americans alone have abandoned them, largely to fund incredibly costly health insurance instead, yet we have replaced pensions with...nothing. 




 More evidence that voluntary savings will never provide enough for retirement. Hell, [half of American workers have saved nothing](http://www.providencejournal.com/news/economy/20141122-how-will-you-retire-half-of-us-have-nothing-saved-and-many-others-far-too-little-interactive.ece). They think they'll just keep working until they drop, as if any employer wants a creaky octogenarian tottering around. In many industries it's now nearly impossible to find a job after age 45, let alone in one's failing twilight years. Even Walmart employs few of its ancient greeters any more.

This is why the vast majority of employee benefits *outside* the United States are *pensions*, and, in rich countries, those are generally in addition to public safety nets more generous than those in the US. Let's face it: the American abandonment of pensions, with nothing sensible to replace them, has become an unmitigated disaster. 







































 Yes, but there is no shortage of plans for what to do with carbon taxes, yet this author doesn't mention a word about them, nor about the fact that absolute carbon pollution caps will ultimately be needed as well. It all seemed very short on saying anything other than, "l'm a conservative concerned about climate!". 




 From the article: But I think weve tried to explain that the connection from an extraordinary climate event to conflict is complex and certainly involves other factors. 
























 A very vague piece, as expected. Would be nice to know why minimizing the tax burden is such an important goal, and exactly whose tax burden would be minimized.  




 Tough. Fossil fueled whores have been harassing dozens of legitimate climatologists for decades, issuing hundreds of FOIA demands and dozens of lawsuits, attacking the word's best researchers in every way possible in order to delay evidence of the obvious--delays which will cost humanity millions of lives and trillions of dollars. Now they're whining? Well, fuck them very much. 




 Where did you get the idea that civilization will be gone in fifty years?

Yes, climate change is a severe threat, but few serious scientists forecast anything as dire as what you believe. It's a very long-tail probability.  




 Wherever the aims of capitalism and religion meet, watch out.  




 First, they think the American public is more conservative than it is.

Second, as true believers, they are blindly focused on destroying government.

Third, they know that the young don't vote and the old vote Republican, and that the old are the fastest-growing demographic segment, so fuck everyone else.

 



















 This has been underway for many decades in the more desirable corporate marketing departments and their ad agencies, where many senior employees once literally started in the mailroom, with no more than high school educations, then worked their way up into great upper-middle class positions, with plenty of company-paid training and mentoring along the way. Now the path to those great jobs is through selective graduate schools that cater to the privileged.

The result is a growing wall between less educated people and opportunity, with the scales tipping heavily towards those who can afford the high price of entry. 




 Read skepticalscience.com. Especially the list of scientific responses to denier claims. 




 The social cost of carbon is very likely much higher than $50/ton. It's been repeatedly revised upward, and the longer we dither the higher it goes. [This recent Stanford study](http://news.stanford.edu/news/2015/january/emissions-social-costs-011215.html) estimates the cost to be $220/ton.

I know that economists generally prefer carbon taxes to caps, but it's a false choice. The intense need to completely quit carbon within our lifetime means that we will have both taxes and caps, on graduated scales over time, with taxes rising while caps clamp down from above.  




 Good question. As far as I can tell, the answer appears to be: [we're arguing about it.](http://americablog.com/2014/06/climate-news-arctic-seafloor-methane-release-double-previous-estimates-matters.html) 




 [Chicken is pretty low carbon.](http://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/food/vegetarian-or-omnivore-the-environmental-implications-of-diet/2014/03/10/648fdbe8-a495-11e3-a5fa-55f0c77bf39c_story.html) About 7 lbs of carbon emissions per pound of food. In contrast, it takes 27 lbs of carbon pollution to produce a pound of beef. That's versus about 3 lbs for rice or potatoes.
 














 Absolutely. However, those most able to change are those young enough to face lots of material life choices, who can easily decide to live in a city, in an efficient building close to work and transit, to invest in carbon-alternative stocks like solar and railroads, etc.. 
 




 It's all about the oceans. If any temperature data would falsify the climate change consensus, it would be extensive evidence of prolonged cooling at all depths in the oceans, which we could only get from a huge network of deep sea thermometers that we don't have. However, we *do* now have a pretty good network of ARGO floats measuring temps in the upper half of the oceans, and they show definite long-term warming proceeding from the top down. 

The PDO is only recently confirmed and remains poorly understood, but that appears to be the key to understanding long-interval warming cycles. 




  "The reason a carbon tax is popular is because it is easy to implement (people can pollute as much as they want, they just have to pay the unit price)"

That's why carbon taxation won't be enough. Sure, the dividend scheme solves the regressive nature of carbon taxes, but, ultimately, carbon pollution must end altogether within a few decades. Yes, fee-and-dividend taxation will be helpful and popular. However, in the end, the need here isn't to *reduce* fossil fuel burning but to *eliminate* it. 




 "Cameron busts a budget"
 
"Linklater was a kid" 

"Keaton is morose again"

"Nicholas Cage Will Work For Beer". 




  I always felt that the religious right should be environmentalists

Except for that "have dominion over the earth and subdue it" part.
 




 You'll have to persuade your fellow conservatives first.

http://abcnews.go.com/GMA/Politics/story?id=2344929 page=1#.Ua_7sEAWJr8 




 The main benefit of this is that it solves the regressive nature of carbon taxation. 

However, carbon taxes will never be enough because, ultimately, carbon pollution must stop altogether. That means a cap on it that declines over time until fossil fuel burning is outlawed entirely, probably around fifty years from now. Carbon taxes help, but they can't replace the need for that coming ban. 









 Half measures. Fee-and-dividend is all well and good, but only if the fee is high enough to actually deter polluters, and that will be high indeed. 

We need carbon caps as well. And, ultimately, before this century is out, our grandkids must ban any and all burning of fossil fuels worldwide. Those are the simple facts if we are to keep the Earth peaceful and prosperous. 




 Merchants of Doubt, for sure. Also Desmogblog.com and Skepticalscience.com. 

Of course, most of the public relations strategies used by the energy industry today were pioneered by PR firms working for the tobacco industry fifty years ago. [Here](http://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php/Tobacco_industry_public_relations_strategies) is a good page on that from Sourcewatch. And the tobacco companies adopted those tactics from the master propagandists of the 1930s, especially Joseph Goebbels. 

 




 Why not blame the developers? They effectively run most county governments, which is why the codes are so weak in the first place. 

As for buyers, they simply don't know what they're missing. Yet. 




 Right after you check your bias towards ruinous carbon pollution. 

By the way, I don't care if we kill carbon with solar, nuclear, wind or oyster farts, as long as we kill it soon. 




 And the worst free marketeers of all: suburban tract developers! 




 Everyone in Idaho: give away all your property, forgive trespassers, hand over your guns, then take in every drifter, bum and prostitute you can find, and don't forget to wash their feet with your hair. 














 Damn, that's three times now that we've botched our chance to get rid of Texas. 




 This. Most builders build energy efficiency only to the degree that code requires, so the key is to upgrade building codes to something like "passive house" standards. Airtight construction with heavy insulation and sophisticated ventilation. The beauty of it is that this doesn't cost a dime more than ordinary construction, due to eliminating big HVAC systems. It generally makes a better building, too; very quiet and durable, with much cleaner indoor air.

As for this article, I was disappointed that the author didn't really address insulation and temperature efficiency much at all. That, not electrical management, is most of the efficiency story. 




  No one expects rooftop solar to power the entire country. However, quitting fossil fueled power as soon as possible may be the greatest need that humanity now faces, so *all* economically viable alternatives need immediate development. Most economic estimates put the net cost of decarbonization at around 1-2% of GDP, but it won't be free. But erecting price barriers to distributed solar in order to shelter life-threatening polluters is unconscionable.

 Fossil fueled energy is indeed far more highly subsidized than rooftop solar is, and that's without considering pollution and health externalities, which add several multiples to that cost.

 Granted, the taxpayer buildout of the national grid was decades ago, but it remains one of the costliest national projects ever undertaken. It wasn't merely the BPA and TVA, either. It was the Rural Electrification Act, the construction of mammoth projects like Grand Coulee and Hoover dams, and much more. I have no idea what the total value of all that is in today's dollars, but it's probably in the trillions. And then utilities were given monopoly control of these market areas, which has enormous value in itself. It's no stretch to say that utilities are way out of line extorting fees from taxpayers who do the right thing in net metering. 














 A few questions:

 Quitting fossil fuels is an urgent priority, and switching to solar provides a low-cost means to do that, so why erect barriers to solar that preserve the fossil fuels monopsony?

 Fossil fueled electricity is much more highly subsidized than solar is, so why compound those subsidies by erecting cost barriers to distributed solar?

 Much, if not most, of core grid infrastructure was built at taxpayer expense, and ongoing maintenance by utilities has already been compensated by granting those utilities market monopolies, so why are they due anything more?   




 Note: quality vineyards take decades to come into their own, so rapid warming makes *any* vineyard investment risky. Prime terroir is now a quickly moving target, so the window of profitable production in any region will shrink. Still, it seems clear that the Columbia Valley and northwestern Europe will be among the best bets.

Still, for every new wine region opening there will be another closing, losing massive investments in infrastructure and old vines. This is likely to be a net loss to wine producers and consumers. 









