 He admitted that, Wait!!! he didnt just run away??? WTF, thank your lucky stars you wisened up. Thats some creepy shit



"Hey wtf are you doing"



"Im smelling your garbage for cum!!!"




You fucked up my head, forever. 




 Blast music, walk around naked and let hang 




 My fav. Other bands with multiple 10/10 records is pink floyd, sabbath, iron maiden, lynyrd shynyrd, and the beatles.




These are not my top bands either, its hard to put a perfect record. I love the allman bros, dream theater, silvertide, deep purple, Srv, hendrix but these bands didnt have multiple 10/10 records imo, most just one or none. Floyd i think has three so they gotta be right under zeppelin in this catergory. 




 Coda i dont count, its mostly early seventies stuff anyway, put out after bonhams death it was more a complilation of b sides than new material. I love all their albums except in though the out door. Its ok but dont even sound like zeppelin imo. But 3 and presence are 9/10 for me, the rest 8/10, and in though the out door 6/10. 




 Im not saying more than half make that amount. Im simply stating that 99% is not an average as you suggested. I was offering jobs that can be readily identified as having tattoos be a non issue. The topic at hand has nothing to do with averages.




You are just bitter cause your sister is a slut machine. 




 An average does not mean 99% lol




Your insults are childish and your stats do not reflect your statements. Its quite clear you are talking out of your ass look at our corresponding comment votes 




 10 out of 10 no doubt. I love every album they have done with in though the out door being a like more than love. But those four are better than most albums.




Others id rate 10/10




Dark side of the moon




Tokoyo Tapes




Number of the Beast




Black Sabbath




Master of Reality




Core 




 Completely wrong. The album was popular because the music was great had nothing to do with Bon scotts death. If the album sucked it wouldnt be a best seller of all time, you kind of made my points for me.




The music was written before scott died. They record the music then do vocals as every album acdc has ever done. Bon died shortly after the music was recorded.



Bon scott and brian johnson have completely different sounding voices.




Ac/dc was on the rise in the late 70s, highway to hell was their most sucessful album up to that point. Back in black was a product of their rising fan base and would have been a sucess regardless of scotts death. 




 You cant even keep the topic at hand, its 5 figures genuis.




Your stats are made up and quite wrong. Your views are extremely biased and ancient to say the least.




Common pratice to put an edit in when you make one btw 




 Led zeppelin 2




Untitled




Houses of the holy(best album ever imo)




Physical Grafitti 




 I agree with everything you said, except that getting a tatto is irresponsible. 




 How do you know what he was smelling for? 




 Led Zeppelin 




 Its simply not the truth, sure there are people who still have a similar 50's mindset like you but they are few and far between, and you are wrong as ive explained.



Dealing with the public is not the same as dealing with clients. A dinner can be had where you wear long sleves. But that has nothing to do with the topic.



Take athletes, musicians, actors. chefs, techs, etc 




 Focus on your breathing nothing else. In and out, in and out, do this until the background noise in your head stops, eventually it will.




EDIT: Take long deep breaths 




 Ac/dc fame had nothing to do with bon scotts death. The others ill agree with.
 




 Your reasoning is from 1950. Tattos are much more accepted today and as long as you dont have a rare job of being in the public eye its a non issue. 




 Crown and seven 




 /r/shortstories I find it damn interesting and wish more people gave imput. 




 My friend does, he is an enviromental engineer. Covered in tattoos, both arms and back. A masters' degree will turn your tattoos invisible. 




 Undercover Brother 




 See thats the thing she dont leave, bitch we dating you dont live here. 




 Sam harris, Richard dawkins, and the ghost of Hitch. 




 Who ever owns the car, regardless of driving. 




 Superfly 




 Shes still there long after i nut. 




 /r/changemyviews. Its simply retarded, the first person who post who doesnt "change your view" can complain to the mods and get your post removed. Has happened a couple of times to me and i didnt get any notice of them removing it. When i messaged about why, the mod who contacted me said he wasnt sure for the removal reason b/c he didnt remove it lol. When this process started again i simply unsubscribed and havent been back. Frustrating to say the least. 




 How do you justify luck in front of brady? 




 Most retarded list ive ever seen. 




 In a way you could say that. But hawking works specifically on trying to find the TOE, even his discoveries on singularites, black holes etc is direct progress into getting to a possible TOE, but if you dont see any connection to each his own. 




 We understand his discoveries, its his discoveries that have lead to a better understanding of the universe mathmatically, understanding the universe mathmatically is how you get to a TOE.




Was hawking the first to write down a more complicated black hole? 




 Clarify but it seemed like you took the route of defensively clarfiying your points, just an observation. 




 Just because you have a theory thats incomplete doesnt mean you cant make progress towards one, kind of nonsensical to think that way. His discoveries have no doubt lead us closer to a possible TOE, we have to understand things he discovered in order to get there.




Ill have to look up the black hole thing, unless you know who was first off hand?




Ill take your word on radiation. He also has come out saying something along the lines of matter disapears in a black hole, which isw hy we cant unify einsteins theories, something controversial along those lines.  




 You come off as defensive when i put before and after my statement "im not sure", "not 100%", "i thought" , and then treat them as black and white statements. 




 Black holes were known to exist but i thought he was the first to put it on paper.



I thought there were much contraversey surrounding his radiation theory.




He has made progress in getting to a universal theory, i didnt say one existed.




You come off as being defensive, im really just trying to pick your brain, no harm no foul. 




 Yea you cant have seperate sections here anymore. But as a smoker i respect that where food is served no smoking should be allowed any where.  




 Im not sure that is proven. I would think his biggest contribution is figuring out how to express a black hole mathmatically, but not 100%.




He has also made immense progress in the Theory of everything. The theory Einstein greatly desired to find. 




 Getting worst. Right now its banned anywhere food is served, and inside any public place. 




 Yep i do the same with my buds, evens out the shitty tobacoo.




The push and pull is not that bad but is time consuming. If i only smoke home rolled i would upgrade. 




 Yea here you can buy booze anytime and walk freely around with any beverage. Its not like that every where though, most states only sell booze up to a certain time and you cannot walk in public with an open alchol beverage. You have to stay in the bar or facility where drink was purchased.




Yea pretty much anywhere in the states you can have alchol in the car but its illegal to open any such drink in the car regardless of your blood toxicity level. Thats why a daquri shop is insane because the drink is open already. Would seem to a reasonable person these places are breaking the law the moment they had you the drink.




No if you get caught elsewhere in the states walking around with opened alchol its a crime but not driving crime. Only if you have open beverage in car, regardless of blood level. They can also take you to jail for refusing a breathlizer.




I dont know how Dui work in germany and ofcourse its frowned on everywhere but Louisiana is very tough on Dui. Its like a $500 fine, mandatory jail time, $500 in classes, possible suspended license. You are also required to get sr22 insurance for 2 years which basically triples your normal insurance. Your 2nd penalties increased vastly, and your license almost surely suspended. 3rd is considered a felony. 




 I love Anthony Hamilton, smoothest voice of all time. Im a metal head, and im not ashamed but if my door is open when im playing AH one of my friends is closingt he door.  




 Snickers ice cream bar. Them things are literally a slice of heaven. 




 Hell yeah. I dont have a crank but like a push n pull Top machine. I roll my own from time to time limits the amount i smoke of marlboros. And has helped financially to.




I just find my throat gets a little irritated when i smoke too many home rolled and the tabacco just dont tatse the same. 




 What!!?! cigs in a can and booze at fast food, thats very different than my norm. Pretty cool though




Ill throw a crazy fact your way, i live in Louisiana where drunk driving is a major issue and a monster financial burden if you get one. Open container is also a serious driving crime. But we have alcholic daquiri shops that are drive thru only. In some cases you will be refused service if you are not in a car!! lol 




 You can look it up. You have to make sure the brand is the same when comparing though. Pointless to compare reg pall malls to 100 marlboro.



Like i said its not much but its there. The amount i spend on cigs, roughly $120 a month, i want the most i can get. 




 Is that a can in your link?




Crazy little differences in the simple things in life. Reminds me of Pulp fiction when travolta talikng bout Mcd. "Its called a royal with cheese"  




 There is a difference, it might not be much but its there. 




 It should be respected or disagreed with in a respectful manner. Its our right to have our own opinion so it should be treated with respect. A decent disscusion is totally plausible on the disagreement at hand but they are civilsed ways to go about that.




There are ways to say you're wrong but be civil about it. Being respectful is the best way to change their mind imo 




 No the cigarette is longer as well. 




 Right and you still havent made a case for that. "pretty much" every would be more than half, generally speaking, i just dont see how that case was made. When the link you presented has few in one universe a few in another and the rest not even touched on.




I did my fact checking as well but on the vega brother movie im taking facts from a recorded conversation rather then quotes. 




 When i say electrified guitar i mean the things that electrify them as well.Yea, guitars were around, but not widely used the way jimi or rock music used them. Jimi and rock acts alike were very brutal on their guitars unlike the common jazz musician or pop artist who barely moved. The design for this was vastly improved on, of course the quality got better with time.




Major differences in their guitars. Jimi could not find a left handed guitar so he had to flip his and chizzle the nut. Srv uses a flip guitar b/c of his dedication to jimi and this design was vastly improved on. He also had a poor tremelo system that helped keep his guitar out of tune. SRV had a much better quality guitar choice and tremelo system.




Amp designs were vastly improved on. Technology has made great improvements in blues. The tube amps design is not much different but the tube itself has vastly improved. So have the speakers they use, which makes a major difference. Also the way the music is recorded makes a world of difference as well, this also much improved by SRV time.





Jimi was not just blues SRV was. Jimis direction was vastly new and different and technology and an early death hindered this. Srv was jimis biggest fan. So yes you short both of their talents by putting one on bass but lets be honest if a choice was made Srv would be happliy pluck the bass so jimi could play.



 




 Couldnt disagree more. When darting though traffic one should be aware of all their surroundings, should not be in a coma at all. It also helps to dart though safely when their is a warning someone is coming to an unfore seen stop, which literally takes the least amount of energy possible to do. 




 Christmas is like a box chocolate, never know what you're going to get. 




 Your own link contradicts your case, it clearly says 2 universes not the same 




 Np, where do you live that sells cigs in different quanties? Curious 




 Bryce dallas howard, something sneakily sexy about that redhead 




 Richard Pryor, not a big fan of his movies. But no matter how many times i watch or listen to his stand up im floored and laughing like a mad man. 




 Amen 




 Using your blinker while driving 




 Well im unaware cigs are sold in different quantites. Where im from you can only buy a pack of 20 cigs, there are no other options. You can buy a carton of 10, 20 cig packs etc. My point is not quanity anyway its size so it would cost the same here for 20 or 30 cigs regardless of size.




There are some stores that still sell individual cigs but they are hard to find and usually overpriced 




 Havent seen that one yet.




I also think the jinx hbo documentary will stand the test of time, that shit was crazy and wildly entertaining 




 Its not like that in louisiana. Certain brands are the same cost regardless of size. But if your saving money that is quite reasonable 




 Maybe, but tell me that didnt make you laugh? When i hear sterotypes my mind goes to the venomous MD 




 Fair enough, will edit. 




 Thats ridiculous in of itself 




 Good quality bread, makes all the difference. 




 She asked for it.... 




 Mountain dew shrinks your dick 




 Did you also know foxs' chracter is Django von Shaft?  It had been disscussed by QT to do another 2 django movies. The sequel following django and his kin. The third being a remake of Shaft a direct desendant of Django 




 Wolf of wall street




Django Unchained 




 Usually if a certain brand is unavailable, a smoker will switch to a cheaper brand.  




 They cost the same as shorter cigs, its ridiculous not to buy the better deal imo 




 Most people find longer cigs will cause them to smoke more. I find with the insane prices i buy 100's and put em out half way. Treat it like 2 cigs, 40 a pack. So if the store doesnt have my brand and size ill go to another store, if i dont have the option ill change to a brand that offers that size.




My girlfriend buys marlboro 72s, the short short ones, she believes she smokes less by buying these. Which could be true but the way i look at it buy the 100s and get the most for your money and exercise will power.  




 The shining 




 Roger Waters, just a major dick. Music is top knotch though 




 North Korea



EDIT LOL downvoting cause North korea is too friendly? 




 The movie The prestige and the machine. I have a very cut and dry explaination that those who listen unbiased can make more sense out of it then the widely held explaination. Most people cannot overcome their bias though 




 I wouldnt say small, its an obvious difference. Even letting douglas get up differed from tysons attempt to get up and how they were handled.




There has been no proven motive but one could easily think of 100 motives the ref could have had to do such an act.




A great fight but i could never consider this the greatest b/c of the obvious difference in count. Im not a huge fan of tyson either but the tape dont lie, and it is hugely suspicous. 




 A partial answer to why didnt evolution.... is as the human evolved so did our head size. Early human women struggled to birth these rapidly growing heads. It was either lethal to the women and/or new born. Surely other factors as disease, and other unforeseen factors played a part but so did this 




 That 10 count for douglas compared to tysons' 10 count was highly suspicous and i loathe that fight because of it 




 No not at all be critical of anyone you want just be knowledgable on who you ar critical of, and yea im not saying dont post here im just saying its counter productive to post on subjects you dont know about when OP purpose is to get info on that subject, ie not a good move.




I still hold that wikipedia is not a great place to get your only knowledge of a subject 




 Yea it wasnt lsd, it was something like it cant remember though. He bought barrels of the stuff though, same shit Edgar allen poe was on i believe. But dont hold me to that. Im not sure if he used lsd per say but was into other substances for sure.




Alot of people say approach his works with caution b/c they will change you. I think thats non sense and its just part of his legend. One guy here said one of his works changed him for the better so maybe it is true. It changes you for the good or bad.




There was a great documentary on youtube about him. 




 Not a good move to post about subjects you know nothing about except a quick wikipedia search. If you dont know a better move to not post on an askreddit thread 




 I was already on the fence but when i watched Sam harris for the first time i was shocked these arguments could be made intelligently sound. I pretty much had lost faith but was holding on due to social pressure. Harris help confirm my struggles were not crazy. Mostly the debate of harris and Wlc. Most people say Wlc won or was more convincing but i honestly dont see how you come to that conclusion reasonably.



Dawkins and the infamous Hitchens have some strong debates. Watch hitch debate the Catholic Church, where they take votes before and after the debate on the topic. The results are quite powerful 




 Not a great move to base your knowledge off of wikipedia 




 So did i, according to actual footage of QT talking, not some quote, this was never a possibility. 




 At the time the church was much less challenged and those that did so were socially crushed. His bad image has seemingly lasted, and i agree its a bit silly. He wrote some great books, even when possesed, very talented writer. Great works on practical magic that delves into black magic and summons, his life work really.




I cant remember specifics but almost certainly cocaine and lsd trippy kind of substances.




Also, i think comments have been deleted he didnt form the church of satan. Its founding almost certainly used some of his works but he didnt consider himself a satanist at all. And the church was founded after his death. From what i understand in his pursuit of magic, he discovered it was plausible to summon Satan. And if the pain stakingly detail oriented summon was performed properly, Satan would come forth and annoit the with god-like powers. So his pursuit of this consumed him, he wanted the powers as opposed to being a rebel of the Church. 




 Hendrix played at a time when electrified guitars were brand new. SRV had a big advantage in quality of guitars, amps, and even material to learn from. All of these things played a factor in being cleaner, etc.




SRV is mostly a famous Hendrix fanactic, he had some hit songs, but no where near the influential ground breaking material hendrix released. SRV would have handed hendrix the guitar, of much better quality than he was used too, with a floyd rose,keep it in tune, gladly picked up a bass and sat there to get schooled first hand, and loved every second of it.



EDIT, SRV was a bit faster but imo he played the same licks constantly so of course he mastered them. Hendrix was way ahead in chords and phrasing, also just another level creativity. With that said i love SRV, simply great but in this case SRV wouldnt bite the hand who feed him, imo. 




 What does that have to do with Crowely founding the church?  In that same website C.O.S., the article "was aleister crowely a satanist", it clearly says he was not and the C.O.S. was founded after his death, same site. 




 Producing as much as possible was a epic task as we evolved. Early human women struggled in birth because of a rapidly growing human head, with no aid. Still not an easy task today. This to answer on population question.




Yes like "dumfuker" said women are just as "horny", its just socially frowned on for women to be as bold as men on the subject. 




 Church of satan was founded after his death 




 Crowely was a satanist of sorts, a rebel if you will and participated in black magic. He endlessly tried to summon the devil. One of his books was claimed by crowely to have been wriiten by a demon he summoned that possesed him, The book of law. He was also assumed to have done sacrifices, crazy orgies, and did massive amounts of drugs requiring his cult to do the same.



He is wrapped up in things people tend to look down on, so they shun him. I find his writing and stories fasinating.



Little known fact, Jimmy page was an avid fan. Led zeppelin even recorded their most famous album in crowelys former mansion. It has been rumored the many tragedies that struck the band after their sessions were from being cursed by Crowelys lingering previously summoned evils there. Including a few serious accidents and two deaths 




 Yea i think its unlikely given the fact he was wrongfully imprisoned and help find the killer but possible. 




 This is a great thought. 




 If anybody gonna play bass would have been srv.... 




 Bonham on drums



Phil leynot on bass/vocals




Allen collins on guitar




Lonesome dave on guitar/vocals




 




 Watch the pulp fiction 15year cast and crew renuion. Hear what Qt actually says about that movie, not relying solely on a quote. 




 Yea ive seen leo and quentin confirm this.   




Another fact like that, Jonah hill really gets knocked out in the Wolf of wall street. After 30 something takes of faking it, Scorcese insisted they do a real take. 




 Thats some major strecthing with the kill bill movies, where is the connection between dusk? The fact about the bear jew was cool though. It still leaves a few of his movies untouched. 




Even by this article, there would be more than one universe, it clearly says two universes. Its quite a strecth to get there btw, but how you get the "same"  universe for all his movies is beyond me. 




 15th anniversary cast and crew of pulp fiction, video on youtube.



Interviewer "was there gonna be a vega brothers movie?"


Tarantino "They both die in the movie so...."



Cast member " would have been a prequel."




Tarantino shrugs it off continuing on to next question.




There might have been a little talk like hey wouldnt it have been cool to do....., but according to what i gather this was not a serious scenario. It doesnt sound like it was by your comments either. There were rumors but not because QT was actually working on it.  




 I was setting up the premise samjam 




 Ive watched everyone of his movies i dont see that at all. His first two movies were very similar because he had exact same crew. Both had extremely small budgets. 




EDIT, lol how this gets downvoted?? Some of his movies have similar character names but most are clearly not in the same universe 




 Not true 




 Yea i heard this somewhere, i find little known facts like this fascinating. 




 The interview i just watched pretty much implied Tarantino never had any plans to do this. I would totally have watched that movie though. 




