 holy shit thats satisfying 




 He reminds me of Robin Williams... now i'm sad :( 




 Question of questions, would you rather fight ten Peter Dinklage sized horses, or one horse sized Peter Dinklage? 




 When he said "i really want to go home" and the way he talked to the guy, he sounds so scared. So glad nothing went wrong.  




 I have so much respect for the doorman, he acted perfectly.  




 Holy shit i was shaking when they showed it, this is crazy. Guy thinks he's james bond or something. Amazing that the NOS immediately broadcasts the video. Thanks for uploading!  




 Please don't give us Dutchies an excuse to mention that match against Spain, dear god that was a crazy night 3, nice goal though, haven't seen it done in FIFA yet. :D  




 Aah i know this zoo, its in Rotterdam. The glasses say "Bokito kijker" (Bokito Watcher). Bokito is the name of a gorilla that escaped back in 2007 i guess. Some lady visited the zoo almost 4 times a week and thought that she bonded with the gorilla. But what she didn't know was that she was making eye contact and seeking for attention, which the gorilla sees as agressive behaviour. 

When Bokito escaped he went straight for the lady, dragged her through the zoo and bit her hundreds of times. 

In this video you can see the lady interact with Bokito and some images of the escape (mind you, its all in Dutch).

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RICvxpWSrAw

 




 RIGHT, it really has that Interstallar look and feel for a big part of the trailer.  




 I would drink a beer with this guy. He seems fun.  




 You can't even see the damn planet with your own eyes if you don't know where to look. At least i can't. And we managed to get pictures from a goddamn robot we send there. Crazy stuff.  




 Was just about to say the same, i'm literally just looking at pictures of sand and rock, but just thinking about how amazing it is that we can see pictures like that... blows my mind! 




 Reddit at its finest... English is nog my first language... 




 well maybe its just the way you play? For some reason i play way better with Ozil CAM then Di Maria CAM, Di Maria is obviously the better player... 




 I'm more jealous of this squad then all the " look at my TOTY " posts... Looks so fun to play.
 




 If i was playing fifa 14... yeah 




 Holy shit, that is a sick squad...  




 I personally hated Falcao, i'm playing Costa Sturridge which is an amazing combination!! 




 This year they raise money for woman who are victims of sexual assault in warzones. They've already raised over a million euro's in the first day! 




