
























 Kind of have to agree with you there. 




 From what I recall, they did in the study that is the subject of the NPR story. 









 The only traffic court I've had jury duty for was the Houston Municipal Courts. Haven't done jury duty at any of the JP precincts, yet. 




 I grew up watching Channel 2, still watch it, but usually when Ruben comes on, that's when I switch over to NPR, by then I've already gotten a good idea of what the weather will be like and I've seen the top stories of the morning. 









 Yep, a little earlier than usual, I think, but just in time cause Tuesdays have been a tv wasteland lately. 










































































 I wish Popeyes served breakfast . . .  




 Makes sense considering all the rain we've had and that the runoff makes its way down to the Bay and the Gulf. 














 Sacrilege! 


































 The follow up study is going to look into the relationship between head trauma and the poor financial decisions made by NFL players. 






















































 Widespread Avian flu problem is the cause. 




 The women in Westeros should follow Anna's example. 




 They're Irregulars, and since they seemingly chose sides based on payment, I call them mercenaries, just like the Hessians. 




 Simcoe's speech cadence reminds me of Anthony Hopkins in Silence of the Lambs. 




 Benedict likes to rush into things. 




 I've never caught what his rank is, though, as mercenaries, not sure what type of rank structure they had. 




 Kids dressed like tiny adults. 




 Not sure who exactly he is. 









 Plus, with CNN the production turn around is substantially shorter than it was with Travel Channel where it would take about a year for content to actually be aired on the channel. 


































 I like that while Dirty Harry was seen as this straight-laced, no nonsense, conservative cop, but has hair a bit longer and shaggier than most cops did back in those days. 









 I love when John Oliver takes down the greedy scoundrels that run FIFA. 




 The place featured in the link is near Lance's house, it came up because it was apparently busy when Drake was in town. 





























 Considering how much has changed over on 101 over the past year and a half, not surprised she didn't know the name. 




 I switched from DirecTV to Uverse and love it. I have no problems with picture quality. 












































 True . . . so the real question is, Who is sleepy Jean? 




 I so hope that sometime in the next few months Blatter will get to do the perp walk. 




 [Him](http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/bobsburgerpedia/images/a/aa/302_09_10_tk3-0268.JPG/revision/latest?cb=20130214040806) 









 Hope they're doing well in the wild. 




 Those legs . . .  




 I don't think it was huge, looks like the biggest role was being a source of labor in the US while so many men in the US were in the military. [Here's a little something from Wikipedia about Mexico during WWII.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allies_of_World_War_II#Mexico) 




 Viva Mexico! 




 Any idea what that's made out of? It doesn't look like crops. 




 One of the things about being young (especially about being a teenager) is that you feel like there is a huge spotlight on you and everyone is watching you and judging you. 









 [It's not that bad.](http://i.imgur.com/lRhgBqv.png) 




 Muscle memory at work. 




 Glad it worked out for y'all. 




 Doesn't make you an asshole, makes you like pretty much most people. Let's face it, life is busy, it's not easy to stay on top of all the issues, hell, it can be daunting to keep up with just one issue. 









 Since when does television go for realistic when it comes to how the attractiveness of the characters? 









 I thought it was too. 





































































 West U. and Bellaire are each municipalities with their own police departments. Also, The Villages in the Memorial area has a police department. All three will pull you over for the most minor infractions possible. 




 When I was in school, the only times we ever did any kind of field trip that involved swimming was going to the school district's indoor swimming pool. Never went to the beach on a field trip. 









 Well that doesn't sound like it's going to end well. 




 [Well done Google.](http://i2.esmas.com/galerias/fotos/2013/9/_Camila-Giorgi-01-15d379e1-1d63-11e3-9062-7637b2d61c06.jpg) 




 You need a beer fridge in the garage. 
























 Maybe Astros can beat them in the playoffs, won't be in the World Series though, unless Astros are returned to the National League. 

EDIT: That being said, the Red Sox fans have become the most annoying in the AL, if not all of MLB. 




 The Cardinals every day of the week and twice on Sundays. F'n hate the Cardinals. 




 Breakfast Taquitos are my sin. There's a Whataburger on my way to work, I like to pick some up for breakfast and then I have a stash of [El Yucateco hot sauce](http://www.elyucateco.com) in my office. 














 Knock on wood, so far I've avoided being arrested in Texas for drinking more than 3 sips of beer while standing. 




 And then he became Little Finger. 





























 The only reason I really know of him is thanks to the character in The Wire that was loosely based on him. 




 FIFA isn't involved in the Olympics bid process, the entity in charge of the Olympics is the IOC. That being said, the IOC is far from squeaky clean. In particular, former IOC President (1980-2001) Juan Antonio Samaranch, was a member of the Franco regime in Spain. The IOC doesn't get as much attention as FIFA because, even though the World Cup finals is every four years, FIFA plays a much bigger role in the operation of soccer than the IOC does in the variety of sports that make up the Olympics. 



















 From: https://www.ridemetro.org/SafetySecurity/MPD/FAQs.aspx

Q: Do officers of the METRO Police Department have the same authority as Houston Police Department officers? 
A: Yes, the METRO Police Officers have the same law enforcement authority as other licensed peace officers in the State of Texas, including Houston Police Department officers.

Q: What is the jurisdiction of the METRO Police Department?
A: The jurisdiction of the METRO Police Department is defined as any part of the county in which the 1 cent METRO sales tax is collected. This area spans approximately 1,285 square-miles, which includes most of Harris County and portions of Montgomery, Fort Bend, and Waller Counties. The METRO service area crosses several political jurisdictions and METRO Police has concurrent jurisdiction with those police agencies. However, the METRO Police Department is the primary police agency whenever an incident occurs on METRO property, such as bus stops/shelters, METRORail platforms, Park   Ride lots, transit centers, buses, and light rail vehicles. METRO Police also has primary jurisdiction of the High Occupancy Vehicle (HOV) network, as well as other right-of-ways or locations where transit-related incidents occur.

Q: What types of crime does the MPD investigate?
A: MPD investigates all crime occurring on METRO property or right-of-ways (see above). METRO Police also act on information received from Crime Stoppers and individuals who report criminal activity observed on METRO property or right-of-ways.

EDIT: Readability 
 









 Uptown, River Oaks, Tanglewood, and Westchase all tend to be off-duty Police Officers, most that I've seen are off-duty HPD. 





































































 I think they used the age of 21 because, under federal law, licensed gun dealers cannot sell handguns to anyone under the age of 21. (Unlicensed gun sellers cannot sell a handgun to anyone under age of 18). 



















 Great, thanks! 




 Looks like they did an updated one - https://www.facebook.com/253123334768421/photos/a.253140671433354.61356.253123334768421/859079740839441/?type=1 permPage=1

EDIT: Looks like the earlier link had the wrong picture.
 









 According to the article, the lawsuit has been filed. They may have filed suit for tactical reasons, i.e. scaring the landowner into taking their offer; but, the landowner in this situation is retired attorney who spent his career working for the rights of Indian tribes and members of Indian tribes, not gonna scare easy and has plenty of time on his hands. I'm curious to watch how this plays out. 




 I'm not familiar enough to know how that might work under North Dakota law. I do get the sense that eminent domain is essentially a "King's X" and has a superior right to all other land rights, subject to compensation. 














 I would think a reporter would really have to go out of their way to find Paula Jones these days, guess it's a slow political news day. 




 First rule of the military - never volunteer for anything. Of course, since there is no draft, anyone in the military has already broken that rule. 




 You should be able to afford it monetarily and you should be able to afford the time necessary to take care of the pet. 



















 Wisconsin 


































 Beyond the headline, this article actually does a nice little job of highlighting just how easy it is to get arrested, and have an outstanding warrant, in New York City thanks to the concept of "Broken Windows" policing. 









 Actually, even if they lose the lawsuit, they won't actually lose their land. A ruling against them will mean that an easement will be granted for the pipeline and the landowner will still have to be compensated, but that amount will be determined by the court - an amount that will likely be less than what has been offered already. 









 As someone who lives in Houston, Texas, it really pissed me off when Texas Republicans didn't want to support federal relief in the wake of Super Storm Sandy. First of all, I know I live in an area that can get ravaged by weather and federal relief is important in our recovery from those incidents. Second, just cause I am a Texan doesn't make me an island unto myself - not only do I have a lot of family and friends who live in the areas hit by Sandy, but as an American I don't like seeing other Americans suffering as a result of natural disasters and I don't like seeing a-hole politicians play politics while other Americans are suffering. 





























 A little bit of background on the landowner, James Botsford, he's a retired attorney who spent most of his career as the Director of the Indian Law Office of Wisconsin Judicare, a legal aid law firm. He was also instrumental in the drafting and passage of the federal law that protects the use of peyote by members of the Native American Church. 














 Probably Mario Williams, he's the one that bought the Camaros for HPD. 



















