 Yeah thats the chalk drawing I saw of it first as inspiration. I then looked up the artist and found her deviant art page, read up on it and said she'd like it changed around for a tattoo. So as you can see I actually switched it up quite a bit with my tattooist.  




 Oops sorry!! I didn't realize this was risque in the traditional sense. I'll watch for that next time, thanks for the kind warning :) 




 The direction you're stepping in is outrageous for a first tattoo!! Firstly yes it would be very painful, the area around your eyes is thinly covered by skin and you would be tattooing right over bone which is the most painful.

But what you SHOULD be concerned about is the finality of tattooing your face. Tattoos are forever and your face is YOU, and how the world perceives YOU. there are a ton of things you have to consider before getting anything done neck up. Jobs, dating, social standing, acceptance of the people around you, and dealing with how people will inevitably judge you in a matter of seconds. It will reshape your life by having a facial tattoo, and this is what you really should be considering, not the pain level!

The fact that you're considering something this drastic for a first go based off of fantasy art on LOL makes me think that you're not ready for your first piece of ink. Dont do it! 




 It's covered haha so no fear here! 




 No no no lisa did not copy it, that was my original inspiration that I brought to her, but as the blurb on the bottom says I had it changed around quite a bit (colours, dimension, style) before tattooing it. Remember that i came to lisa with the idea, she didnt copy the bird because I asked for a quetzal 




 As I said previously, inspired more than anything because I still chose to change things for personal taste since it is my permanent decision. I was mostly inspired by their tail feathers and then afterwards the story. I gave my artist the basis and what I liked/didn't like and this is what we created :) 




 Haha I like that! That's exactly how im going to think of it now :) 




 Oh wow I had no idea that's a really cool story! I was aware the green had to do with flourishing crops but I hadn't realized the story behind the red belly. Being that it's yellow it's realistic that I could add a strong colour like red on top of it. But honestly I find red to be such a strong colour and it illicits ill feelings from me for some reason. 

Kind of overwhelms me, I think because my grandparents LOVED red and everything was red red red. They had these thick red curtains that blocked out all the light in the room I'd sleep in when visiting, and once I couldn't find my way out of the room because it was dark. I started crying and my mom ran in and turned on the lights and it was red everywhere and I just hated it after that haha. Kind of ridiculous what sticks with you from childhood. 




 It's your national bird right? And traditionally yes it should, but as you can see this isn't traditional in the strictest sense, its more so inspired by a quetzal and left to some interpretation from my artist. I kept the green because it's my absolute favourite colour and 70% of the bird is green, but I wanted to play with the other colours a bit. I'm not a huge fan of red either (surrounded by it as a kid) so that was the first colour I bumped. 




 I really like this. I like to think of it as "one blind, and one able to see", it's a nice contrast and kind of an artist way to interpret this. 




 In the GTA, Whitby Ontario. She's amazing but oddly enough she doesnt promote herself much! Just has a private group on facebook that im lucky enough to be a part of. She's really humble and has a loyal client base all by word of mouth. 

Recently she was featured as a great Canadian artist in a magazine and I was so happy for her because she never asks for recognition. 




 Wow quite the compliment! Thank you I appreciate that :) 




 Well this is definitely the place to be! Just make sure you switch yours up a bit and allow the artist some creative freedom once you decide on a basic design. You'll like it more once you make it unique to your tastes! 




 Thank you! I'd like to see it! Pm me a pic of it :) 




 Well firstly it is a beautifully coloured bird and a very feminine image to have on my body (even though this image is based on the male) which is what initially caught my eye. 

But also after looking into it, and as someone touched on previously by mentioning quetzalcoatl, the quetzal was viewed by the Mayans as the god of the air and believed to bring light and goodness to the people. I just really like the meaning behind that and what it once meant to an ancient culture. 




