
























 Well, ya got me. Well done. 









 @chicofaraby--Sadly, you are right. 




 The article includes the name of the company that makes and markets guns specifically for children. 









 @CharlieDarwin2--Not okay in the New Testament. 




 @herisee--You're talking Old Testament. Not so in the New Testament, which is the Jesus part, which is the part the Pope would be most interested in. 


















































































































 Sorry, that's "identifying." I should never reddit on the ipad. 





















































































































































 @BenLebovitz--Thank you. 




 Read the article. 




 Obama does not have discretion in how the sequester cuts are applied. That was the whole point of the sequester. I suggest you actually read the article before going into auto-drone-rant mode.I don't see what civil liberties and drones have to do with people getting their chemo treatments. 









 @chernobyl-- Unions also work to increase wages and benefits for their members. 




 @chernobyl-- Why not? 














 I disagree with you about both Taibbi and Brooks, but appreciate your reasonable and civil tone. We'll see what else Mr. Brooks has to say about same-sex marriage. Did your research into Brooks' advocacy of "gay rights" include an unambiguous statement of support for same-sex marriage. 


































 Brooks is an intellectually dishonest disgrace who never has the guts to actually argue in a forthright manner for the right-wing causes he supports. He tries to sneak in his real agenda under cover of a "reasonable moderate guy" persona, but that approach results in his "argument," if you can call it that, being illogical when you actually take the time to look closely. Most of his column's commenters get that and so does Taibbi. 




 Brooks is the most intellectually dishonest hack I've ever read. His standard operating procedure is to pose as a reasonable middle of the road guy and then to slip in his real, Republican-water-carrying point and hope that no one notices that he is really pushing the standard right-wing agenda and not some middle ground at all. He's a loathesome toady, and Taibbi gets that. 

If you think for a minute that Brooks' disingenuous column was in favor of gay marriage, then I guess you're proof that his sneaky approach does work on some people. Guess it worked on j purdy below too. 














 They've also confused Cesar Chavez the labor leader with the late leftist president of Venezuela, Hugo Chavez. I guess all Hispanic people named Chavez look alike to them. 



















 @QEDLondon: Yes, you are right. Plus, as Klein points out, the ASA is the definitive representative of the profession and it filed a friend of the court brief stating that children in families headed by same-sex parents are not harmed.  















































































































































































































































 That's not the point of the article. Yglesias is saying exactly that -- that it is because they are not poor that Republicans don't care about enacting programs that will help the poor, and in fact enact programs
that will hurt them. He's saying they should have the ability to empathize with the problems of everyone in the nation, not just themselves, their friends and relatives. 




