




 And it doesn't actually work. Torture is not a solution. 




 Killing Blaine = huge power vacuum. Simple murder is not the solution here. 




 Maybe he just think it's cooler that way. 




 Torture doesn't really work. I mean, at least in this scenario they really know he's the one who is doing the bad things, and they have a good idea what those bad things are, but when you torture people they say whatever they can to make you stop and you're stuck with the difficult job of determining which, if any of it, is true. 




 That's not really the consequences of her cowardice, more like the consequences of Lowell's impetuous stupidity.  
































































 LOL, no worries. Turns out the actor has a role on a new series, so the odds of him being alive are dropping to zilch. Booo. It's not even a series I'm particularly interested in watching, to add insult to injury here. 




 Stop ruining my hopes and dreams. 




 True enough, I suppose. 




 That's because she didn't know him that well. She had been planning to *marry* Major. 

If nothing else, she and Ravi need to sit down and discuss the issue of disclosure, with Ravi pointing out that keeping Major in the dark is putting him in danger. 




 Thus making the producers the most diabolical supervillains ever. 




 How do we really know he kept his promise not to tell his sister?

Barry's real problem here is that he gave up his side of the bargain first. If he'd said "I've destroyed the physical evidence, but I won't destroy the digital evidence until after they're in the new place" then things might have turned out differently. 




 Maybe Cisco has been transgender this whole time. Which would be a remarkable move for a TV show. Really, I'd remark upon it. 




 Apparently, the only way a test pilot could ever go missing is if he's Hal Jordan, who is the Green Lantern. (Did I get that right?) 




 No, most likely this is part of his diabolical plan. 




 He took the train.  




 Either sex or more money than Barry's got in his account. 




 Also, the more I think of it - if they can't destroy the future device, can't they blow up the particle accelerator, make the future device useless that way? 




 Maybe he's not sure either. 




 True, very true. But look at Ravi. He supports her - and he's known her for much less time than Major has. 




 We didn't see if it was a headshot. 




 No. Nobody else noticed that. 




 Geez, thank goodness I have you guys to go "OMG GREEN LANTERN!" because I would have never known. I mean, I guessed it was a reference to *something*, but I thought it was Arrow-y. 




 Oh, Major. You're sweet, but so very, very stupid. 




 Completely lost track of time, watching it now.

1. Poor Eddie looks broken. Aw! Eddie! *hugs*

2. Was that whole convo with the DA just so we could be told "Yup, we know that the prison thing is dubiously ethical *at best*"? (Even with the movie nights.) Because it seems like it was shoehorned in.

3. Maybe I shouldn't, but I really like Snart. I mean, *really*.

4. My goodness, what was it Barry couldn't agree to? Large sums of cash? Weapons? A three day free-for-all? A date with Lisa? A date with *Leonard*? ARGH! I WANNA KNOW!

5. Actually, Snart/Barry would be kinda hot. I mean cool. I mean... you know what I mean. I'll be in my bunk.

6. And you guys all say that *Iris* is pointlessly emotional. Mind, I'd be pretty upset by that revelation myself.

7. WHY THE HELL DON'T THEY LOCK THE DOOR??? Or put up some surveillance or *something*? Geez!

8. Now Barry's having a meltdown. And you all say... oh, never mind. I suppose anybody would be upset by current events.

9. Caitlin, I was wondering the same thing. Barry never resists a chance to yank off that stupid thing, reveal his identity to the world but now he keeps it on? What, is he afraid of somebody walking in? THAT WOULDN'T HAPPEN IF YOU WOULD LOCK THE DOORS!

10. Geez, Barry was right to roll his eyes, Caitlin *is* really uptight. Is now the right time to be worried about who kissed whom?

11. Did they... not even warn these folks in advance about what was going to happen? Cisco! You have movie nights and disco with these guys! Joe! You want to rehabilitate them! Barry! You're irrationally concerned about saving their lives even as you violate each and every one of their basic freedoms and human rights! Geez, guys, pretend to be upstanding citizens already!

12. FFS, and they didn't restrain these guys at all in the truck? Stupid. Stupid, stupid, stupid. I thought these people were supposed to be smart, all of them.

13. Well, Snart was smart. Man, I probably shouldn't, but I *really* like him.

14. Ah, the big showdown!

15. Ollie, Barry IS moving!

16. God, I love a good fight scene.  Now I just need to watch next week's previews. 




 Because humans have a steady supply of more humans from the Federation. Talaxians in an asteroid don't... except when they literally do in the form of Neelix. 




 I admit, I giggled when I caught the joke. 




 It wouldn't have worked, not really.

If she had shot him, then all the zombies relying on his brain service would have had to fend for themselves. Some of them - particularly his muscle - would have tried to go into business for themselves. More zombies would have been created. More people would have been outright murdered. Sooner or later, there'd be a horde chomping its way down the streets of Seattle.

Blaine is evil, no doubt about it, but he represents order and stability for Team Z. Take him down without a plan to handle his little kingdom and your little problems rapidly become BIG problems. 




 Sorry about that, by the way. I just feel *really* strongly about this. I won't so much as buy a particular brand of potato chips because they donate a portion of their proceeds to you-know-who. 




 I can think of exactly one thing. This year, during the measles outbreak, they came out and said people should vaccinate their kids. Ta-da!

Ten years I've been reading articles about them, and this is the only one that didn't make me want to cry and/or vomit. 




 Gee, what a surprise. 




 I'm in NYC, so I don't know much about Alabama specific charities. A quick glance at their website didn't show that they're aligned with that particular super evil organization (I feel really strongly about this) so they're probably all right :) 




 Hallelujah.  




 It'd be one thing if they were ignorant, but given that they've been doing this for ten years I think they know darn well what they're doing and just don't care. 




 Please don't. Set it up so that the money goes to the Autism Society of America or the Autism Self Advocacy Network instead. 

Only 4% of the funds AS takes in go on services to help autistics and their families. Their board members have salaries higher than the norm for comparable organizations. The flyer posted upthread gives a good rundown of some of their issues, but believe me, it's just the tip of the iceberg.

http://autisticadvocacy.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/Autism_Speaks_Flyer.pdf 




 Because they are evil. I do not throw that word around lightly.

Let me tell you a funny anecdote. Two years ago I read an article about a woman who had gotten a new job. It was a great job, and she just had one small issue. She asked - asked, not demanded - if she could leave work a few hours early one day a week so she could meet her autistic son on his early dismissal day. She wanted to work from home in the afternoon that day, or perhaps come in a couple of hours earlier and make up the time that way. For simply *asking* if this was a possibility, they rescinded the job offer.

I posted this story on my blog and asked some real life friends this question: Which not-for-profit is involved here?

Obviously you know, because I wouldn't tell this story without a point, but they didn't have the hints you did, I just dropped this subject in out of nowhere. Would you believe that out of the twentyfive people I asked, *every single one of them* got it right on the first try?

Do you know why? Because it's always freaking Autism Speaks! When you hear that a kindergarten teacher led the class in voting out an autistic student, do you know which is the sole autism organization not to condemn this behavior? Autism Speaks! When you hear that a facility in the US has been condemned by the UN for shocking its residents, do you know which is the sole autism organization to recommend this facility to parents? Autism Speaks! When you hear that one organization gives its board members a higher salary than comparable organizations, and in fact gave them a *raise* in the middle of a recession, when similar organizations were cutting their costs, which organization is that? Autism Speaks! 

I'm not even mentioning the Autism Every Day debacle. (http://www.veoh.com/watch/e133765ejW4nXnh?h1=Autism+Everyday) In the wake of that little film, two autistic children were murdered by their parents in the US, Christopher DeGroot and Katie McCarron. Christopher's parents *locked him in his room* and set the house on fire. They didn't serve any prison time. Given that the film shows a mother stating *in front of her verbal autistic daughter* that the only thing that has kept her from killing herself and that daughter is thoughts of what it would do to her NT daughter (which is tacky, if nothing else), the whole situation was a public relations disaster. And do you know what their response was? "Every parent of a child with autism secretly wants their child dead."

Bullshit. 

I have been following news stories about Autism Speaks since they arrived on the scene. Not once in ten years have they not been utterly and totally in the wrong. That's an impressive track record. I'm dead serious, I'd sooner give all my money to the Scientologists and go live as a clown than let one penny of mine enter Autism Speaks' grubby little pockets.

If you want to donate to an autism related organization, I suggest either the Autism Self Advocacy Network or the Autism Society of America. 




 Oh, it's a *total* copout. Among other things, aren't they a good 40 years from Talaxian space at that point? How the heck did the Talaxians get there so fast? (And isn't that tiny colony worried about having a profound genetic bottleneck?) 




 Ow. 




 Aren't there two or three VM books by now? 




 Well, here's the thing.

1. His home planet was utterly nuked in the war, along with all his family and childhood friends.

2. His species and all or most of their official planets are occupied territory.

3. He had spent a lengthy period of time on Voyager by the time Kes left and formed friendly bonds with most of the crew. 

So no, he didn't have anything better to do with his life than be a crewman on Voyager. 




 Yeah, Blaine definitely makes a great villain.  




 No more than he was before. 




 Damn, I hope Lowell isn't really dead. They didn't show the body either this time or in the previews, so maybe not.

AND FFS, LOOP MAJOR IN ON THE ZOMBIE THING! I'm *so* sick of major characters not being told crucial information - and yes, I'm looking at you, Flash! Ignorance doesn't keep people safe. 




 Better than being the "Kes is so adorable and perfect!" show. Blech. 




 Spooooooky. 














 YES. They're freaking adorable, that's why. 




 My goodness, they really do. In *all* the subs. 




 I made the same mistake at first. 




 Maybe she has a closed circuit monitor in there. 




 Like the time Harry blew up Aunt Marge? 




 Well.... 




 Every time people link to the Daily Fail, I feel like pointing out that's the newspaper *Vernon Dursley* reads. 




 My god, it's really everywhere. You cannot escape it. You say "Okay, I just won't read /r/flashtv for a little while, let everybody get it all out of their systems" and them - bam, here it is in /r/news! 




 Wow. I remember the first season. I watched it, thought it was an interesting enough premise, figured there was no way they'd be a success if they tried it a second time. 

This is why I don't play the stock market. 




 That'd be a great argument if ignorance could keep her safe. 




 And it's the only wizarding school, period. Scared your kid might reveal all to the muggles? Your only other option is homeschooling. Do we really believe Crabbe and Goyle were given anything like a decent education prior to Hogwarts? Maybe if they'd been in a *school* somebody would have flagged them for special education and they'd be doing better by adolescence! Muggle home educators in the UK at least know that testing and evaluation are options. Wizards often seem a little behind the times, socially. Do they have any idea how to treat learning disabilities and the like? 




 The Wizarding World isn't really big enough for healthy competition in the business world. There's one "reputable" daily paper, and perhaps only a small handful of people with the skills and inclination to write for it. 




 Every freaking week I go "Aaaaaaah, now I have to wait a few months for the next one!" and every week I'm wrong. 


































 Did they? I didn't see it, thanks.  







































 This is how some people enjoy themselves. If you don't like it, move on. "Relax", as you say. 




 Didn't sound like it from the joke. 




 Yes, and just like Duncan I utterly forgot about him when posing that question. 














 Okay, so who's Duncan in this scenario? 









 Except they didn't. They've been steadily rolling back reproductive freedom over the past few decades. 









 No, abortion isn't murder - abortion being murder is generally held as  a *right wing position*,  btw, not a left wing one, and so has nothing to do with "social justice warriors" - but, again, those countries which ban it *cannot* allow it in the case of rape without revealing their own hypocrisy, as the only reason they have for such a ban is "well, it's murder".

They can allow it to protect the life of the mother without looking terribly hypocritical, but that's it. 




 Seems a little inconsistent.

If you're anti-abortion because you think it's murder - and many do think that, even at very early stages where there's no brain stem, much less brain *activity* - it's not suddenly less murder because the mother was raped. 

Either elective abortion (that is, abortion not because the fetus has a condition incompatible with life or is already dead and not because the mother's life is at risk) at various points during pregnancy should be legal or it should not. Those who are anti-abortion can't *afford* to cede on the rape front because that shows their position as hypocritical. 




 Until the more-or-less "Federation" ex-drones decided, in the name of peace and cooperation, to forcibly drag all the other ex-drones back into their little makeshift collective-of-sorts and we're left wondering how independent the individuals will *really* be in the long run. 




 Consider the Ferengi, though - three out of four onscreen mirror Ferengi are nice and reasonably charitable.  


































 https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/603515.The_Hound_of_Rowan 




 But usually they have make-up and become an alien. Or a different alien. 




 Yes, definitely. Those are the exact details from the movie. 









 If he gets a cure, how is he gonna get new customers? His muscle isn't bright enough to pick the right clientele. 




 Some of us didn't grow up with cable television. 




  It makes me want to turn my back on the place in disgust and not come back sometimes in point of fact.

Sometimes a nice long break is just what you need. 




 Oregon is in its fourth straight year of drought. They can't be shipping water to other people.

http://www.oregonlive.com/environment/index.ssf/2015/03/how_oregons_drought_got_starte.html 




 Mercola is a nitwit, not a researcher.

And autism *isn't* on the rise, ffs. I've already addressed this, and I'm pretty sure I did it in response to you. If you use the current diagnostic standards and sift through a randomly chosen group of adults, you will find the same rate of autism as you will in children.

Come to think, I'm pretty sure I addressed the Amish myth to you as well. The Amish have just as much autism as anybody else - and they get vaccinated at the same rates as the rest of the population, and their food is NOT organic. They use GMOs and conventional farming techniques, the same amount of pesticides and herbicides as anybody else.  




 Man, Quark gets some good speeches. 




 That never happened. 




 Paradoxically, it's the only show which IS canon (well, assuming that the temporal cold war thingy doesn't change) with the new movies. 




 Phlox, I think. Like the plant. 




 Are any of us the same people we were when we were teens? 




 So you can't use him as an example of clinicians overdiagnosing autism. I am glad that your grandson is not experiencing any problems :) 



































































































 You must be sure to start at smile.amazon.com. There used to be a bot that automatically altered amazon.com links to smile.amazon.com links...

At any rate, it's a *tiny* percentage, like, .5%. 







































 All Karen Cushman books are too late for this window. She didn't start publishing until the mid-90s. They are also too short as a rule. 




 http://smartgunlaws.org/universal-gun-background-checks-policy-summary/

Not in Washington, except with federally licensed firearms dealers, and you can find out about that if you scroll down to the summary of federal law section. Suffice to say, the guy selling the gun may not even have been breaking the law if he makes occasional sales, exchanges, or purchases of firearms for the enhancement of a personal collection or for a hobby, or who sells all or part of his personal collection of firearms. He just does these sales in alleys for kicks. 




 Oh, man. Be sure to post here on the most recent episode thread when you figure out who the main villain is. I wanna hear your reaction! 




 : ) 

















































 Yeah, but Wells and Barry aren't the only ones they need to concern themselves with. 




 Anything with seeds is a fruit, except strawberries. Strawberries are not a fruit. They are pseudocarps. (Because the seeds are not contained in the ripened ovary of the plant, that's why.) 




 How does that relate to my comment?  




 Except, oddly, it didn't really mean that even then. I strongly suggest you read some of Kanner's work. I found the experience illuminating. 




 The idea for inclusion is that it's beneficial for all students in the classroom - not just the ones with disabilities - and that it helps the children *academically*. It's not just so people "don't feel different or bad about themselves".  




 Autism is generally apparent by 18 months - and they're working on screening that can catch it earlier. So, no. 




 What researchers? Can you name them? 




 Okay. And where are you getting your stats that high functioning autistics are less common than low functioning? 




 In my experience, most schools have bullying, for all they say otherwise. And most schools don't handle inclusion the way they ought to. However, because most parents and children are stuck with schools and don't have the option to do something else, inclusion is the better option for many of them. 




 Given your other comments, I'm not certain you know what the diagnostic criteria said in the DSM-IV, much less what it says now, nor that you have much idea of what the implications of the new criteria might be. 




 So you believe "some article" over the actual DSM? 




 The word is "inclusion"... and while I do think that inclusion is generally the way to go, I *also* believe firmly that if a child is being maltreated that being educated at home and having socialization outside of school may be the better approach.

Bullying during childhood can have lifelong effects. 




 But he never received an autism diagnosis? 




 Exactly how are you defining "especially high functioning"? 




 While I'm inclined to agree in principle, "a suit from a ring" is one of the cute little things that shows up when you upvote comments. It can't be that much of a surprise. 




 Bananas split! Bananas unite! Banana to the left, banana to the right! 




 I keep reading that as "nasty in the pasta". Never gonna eat rigatoni again. 




 Terriers *kill* rats.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terrier#History 




 So over in /r/flashtv people are talking about iZombie, and over *here* we've got folks talking about The Flash.

I can't tell where I am anymore. I should probably be more worried about this. 




  I know Blaine is a big bad but I'm kiiinda into the whole look it's probably Spike related.

Yup. 




 No! Barry/Cisco otp 4eva! 




 Do people in your part of the country not have lube? 




 Well, all people grow and learn, including autistics. However, it is important to remember a few things, most of all that autism is not solely about socializing and that socializing "normally" is not always the goal.  




 Oh, I see. Well, it's pretty common among autistics, especially those of us with gross motor issues. I don't know what else could cause it, but I'm sure there could be any number of things. It's *really* common for people who are interested in the subject and think they might be on the spectrum to start attributing anything and everything to autism - but it's equally common for people who don't know about it or who are in denial to strenuously insist on any other explanation, no matter how far-fetched, for anything that looks "autistic". (This paragraph is mostly pedantry, do not assume I'm saying you do any of this!)

 what can I do about it other than develop compensating habits

If this is something that impacts your ability to work, you may be able to qualify for specific accommodations with a diagnosis. However, not everybody finds that necessary or useful. 




 For a fun, anecdotal version of this: http://www.backfromnature.org/2015/03/i-gave-my-child-autism.html

Notice it took her several years to put the pieces together, and even then, somebody had to outright suggest it to her. She was open to the suggestion. Many parents of autistic children are in strong denial about their own place on the spectrum.

From my own life, after I started pursuing a diagnosis I started having a lot of conversations with my mother that went like this: 

Me: This article, bah, it talks about this autistic kid and it says he 'doesn't play with his toys, just lines them up', which is ridiculous because - 

Mom: Yeah, it is. That's how children play!

Me: Um, sure. If they're autistic.

Mom: Well, that's how I played as a child, and my brother did too, and so did you!

Me: Uh-huh. Well, we've established that *I* am autistic....

(In point of fact, my mother had established that in my infancy. Nobody bothered to inform me of this, despite actively seeking a diagnosis during my childhood. It was very character-building to sort it all out on my own as a teenager. I never want my character built ever again.) 




 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2083102/ 




 Not really. The assortative mating theory of autism... well, I disagree with the essential premise that actual incidence rates of autism are increasing, however, it's backed on sound evidence.

Autism does have a strong genetic component. It is common for autistics and members of the broader autistic phenotype to self-select friends and spouses who are also on the spectrum. (Anecdotally, that's how I got here. Hi.) That's all.

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2083102/ 




  I think the general consensus is that forced socialization of ASD kids is to the benefit of both ASD kids and regular kids. 

Does that consensus come with the input of autistic adults...? 




 It is known that men who have children later in life are more likely to have autistic children and grandchildren, yes. 




 It is known that men who father children later in life are more likely to have autistic children and grandchildren. However, to my knowledge we have not yet determined if this is because the sperm changes or because people with autistic traits simply have children later in life than NTs, or both. 




 There is no evidence that the actual incidence of autism is increasing. That's what this article is about. 




 Evolution in long-lifed species such as humans simply does not work that quickly. 




  For a terrorist.

For an anybody. Also, I think the preferred term is "freedom fighter". 




  In Trek timeline corrections are pursued to repair a broken universe, such as in "City On The Edge Of Forever" and "Yesterday's Enterprise", or the characters wouldn't go through the bother of trying to fix what went wrong.

Or perhaps they just want to go home to their own universe where they understand everything, or simply aren't 100% certain of how this whole time travel universe changing works. (And that does NOT mean that Janeway is being reckless. Admiral Janeway has more information than we do, because she's lived longer.) We don't know that these "wrong" universes cease to exist when "fixed", you're just assuming that. 




 It makes sense to most people. Of course, it's entirely possible that both factors are true. 




 I think we're saying the same thing differently. My comment was more "autistics start fitting into the same bell curve as NTs when tested differently". 




 You are the one stating that "they are diagnosing kids too much", and then stating "if they're doing that, it's just lazy". You're assuming the premise. That's what's really lazy. 




 That's nowhere in the diagnostic criteria. 




 You might try asking in /r/aspergers.  




 Damn, it's been years since I've heard about the Amish. Where do I start?

Well, let's start with the fact that if you know what you're looking at, the Amish have autism rates about the same as everybody else. They simply don't diagnose as much.

Even if they DID have a low rate of autism, they also have one of the highest rates of polydactyly in the world. Why? The founder effect. So that could also explain it - a founder effect that leads to reduced cases in autism. (But doesn't, because they don't have less autism than the rest of us.) 




