 I always wonder what makes the pervert agree to appearing on TV.

Sure they are predators, but me personally? I'd never agree to it being on national TV. What is the incentive? 
 




 Chroma stopped working on my N6 (international) two updates ago. Doesn't even get past the black Google logo. Went AOSiP and haven't regret it one bit. 




 125K voats. I guess we're uninterested.  




 And on the 7th day God created the Dutch?  Not too sure about the Irish though. Didn't that Butcher dude from Gangs of New York have something to say about that?  




 Ubertool is the proof you don't need to be able to draw to be absolutely hilarious.  




 That is a festival. That mud is not made by rain. Well,  maybe "rain". You know what I mean.  




 100K votes on change.com. 

50000 more and Obama will tell us it is not his job to interfere with corporate affairs!  




 Well,  at least one part of your username is factual.  




 This hits a little bit close to home... 

 




 I'd say that cost about 1000$ per year.  




 A good propaganda officer is all an evil dictator needs.  After Reddit a certain person could fly straight to Pyongyang and have a fancy products job for a certain friend.  




 Nearly every chick on YouTube has this retard syndrome. It probably sells,  but it turns me off completely.  




 I was auditing a steel forging plant in Bangladesh.

Guys on the work floor in fucking flipflops.  




 How to be successful on Youtube:

1. Pick popular topic
2. Pick something easy to do (Get stick of cheese, roll in meat, fry).
3. Pretend you are borderline retarded and hope it comes across as quirky. 




 Ellen Pao is not exactly known for her honesty.  




 Obviously.  




 Seems like they missed both QA and the final polishing step. I'd contact them to have them resolve it.

Or get some buffing pads and buff away. 




 Well, that escalated quickly. 




 Firstly my "college level education"  is an MBA from HEC in Paris. Secondly I have to deal with C-Level management on a daily basis. C-Level management is very often involved in top level hiring and firing. I work for a F500 company and you better believe that our local managers are directly appointed by C-Level. Reddit is tiny as it can be and none of these decisions are made without C-Level involved.  




 Oh wow, aren't you delusional. 




 If I start a company with 1 other employee. I will be CEO.

Reddit is pretty small FTE wise and an employee with the title "Director of Talent" will most definitely be fired by someone at board level. This ain't kindergarten son, know your shit. 




  ADMINS: They embrace her like he's one of their own. 


 MODS: The mob is fickle brother. She'll be forgotten in a month. 


 ADMINS: No, much sooner than that. It has been arranged.
 
- Freely after the movie Gladiator 




 You rock! Subscribed to your channel.  




 BBQ Ribs. Some soy (tbsp per 2 lbs  5g net carbs), honey (1 tbsp per 2 lbs  10g of net carbs). Smoked paprika, garlic and a smidgen of cumin. If you're feeling naughty, 1 tbsp of liquid smoke.

Total carbs under 10 grams per lbs of ready product (most of it will drain off or burn off).

Let it marinate. And then either in the slow cooker or on the bbq for quite a bit of time. Awesome. Next to no carbs, still a sweet taste. 




 I'm having a bit of second thoughts about those carrots and peas. Peas are pretty carb heavy.  




 Sold out to Chairwoman Pao. 




 Bernard Maddof. 




 Pao has a history of fucking over other professional women in oder to get ahead. This surprises me the least.

Pao is the typical feminist, equality for all, superiority for me! 




 Ah yes. A hostile takeover. I'm sure that will go over well. 




 No problems. If you are ever in Frankfurt, drop me a line and I'll buy you a raw pork sandwich. 




 It can be, but doesn't have to be. Both variants are available. I have the smoked one in my fridge now, it's damn tasty. 




 Neither do I. But I do believe in "What goes around comes around". 




 Same here, paid by the firm. It was more than my net salary at the time... 




 Great Leader is allegedly also an investor. However I cannot find any real sources on this. 




 You are now Politburo leader of /r/latvia. 




 Yes, without much of a worry. Can you do the same in OSX? 




 No. No we do not. This is NOT something I ever want to see. I would rather have /r/watchpeopledie on default than ever see a post of Pao naked. 




 Gotta bail buddy out! 




 Requesting a video of Ellen Pao working on a computer. Name it "Artisan craftily destroying websites". 




 I think you've been living under a rock. Most of their services and products are top notch now.

Surface tablets are incredible. Windows Phone is actually working very well (albeit with a small app store). Holo lens is the same as black magic. XBOne, like it or not, is very good (then again, so is the PS4), Outlook.com works well. OneDrive is better than most alternatives. Office is still king in both home user and corporate environments and works very well next to it being industry standard. On top of that, Windows has been very stable for the past few years and besides thinking that a mobile inspired UI would work on desktops (later fixed) I have very little qualms about it. At least it's more innovative than regurgitating OSX iterations. 




 Honestly, I am still using either OSX "whatever version is latest because that is what IT put on my desktop" or Windows 7 because that is what is required by my client, so no clue about 8 and 10. 

Then again, I am much more proficient in doing stuff in the Windows 7 control settings than in the OSX settings.

Might be preference, who knows, to each their own. 




 Automatic Lieutenant status. 




 Equality, freedom of choice, free will, bbq, the list goes on.

Also the kill count on Satan is much lower than that of god. 




 Ah, I see you have the "1200 euro/month luxury option".

I've lived in inner city Paris (close to La Defence) for 6 months. 430 sqft apartment. 3100 a month. I wish I was joking. 




 I really, REALLY wish I had a gym like this close by.

All gyms (and I've checked) in a 30 mile radius are McGyms focussing on fat chicks doing Zumba and Spinning and cardio bunnies running for two hours on a thread mill (believe me I live near a near-zero crime rate nature reserve without wild animals and paved roads throughout for runners and cyclists). I want something raw, no bullshit. A place where men and women can workout in peace and camaraderie.   




 Satan isn't all that bad. Remember, history is written by the victor.  




 Actually according to Dante the most "terrible" hell is pretty much an ice lake.

 Ninth Circle (Treachery)
 The ninth and last circle is ringed by classical and Biblical giants, who perhaps symbolize pride and other spiritual flaws lying behind acts of treachery.[55] The giants are standing on a ledge above the ninth circle of Hell,[56] so that from the Malebolge they are visible from the waist up. They include Nimrod, Ephialtes (who with his brother Otus tried to storm Olympus during the Gigantomachy), Briareus, Tityos, and Typhon. The giant Antaeus (being the only giant unbound with chains) lowers Dante and Virgil into the pit that forms the ninth circle of Hell (Canto XXXI).
 
 The traitors are distinguished from the "merely" fraudulent in that their acts involve betraying a special relationship of some kind. There are four concentric zones (or "rounds") of traitors. These rounds correspond, in order of seriousness, to betrayal of family ties, betrayal of community ties, betrayal of guests, and betrayal of liege lords. **In contrast to the popular image of Hell as fiery, the traitors are frozen in a lake of ice known as Cocytus, with each group encased in ice to progressively greater depths**.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inferno_(Dante)#Ninth_Circle_.28Treachery.29

The more you know! 




