







































 since when is it a bastion of sanity ? maybe relative to the others or something but not in absolute terms . 



























































 i would counter that not everyone wants to be a fortune 100 ceo but yes for someone who does that is definitely the way to go ! 














 it might still depend on what kind of connections you want to make though yes clearly harvard and stanford will give much greater access to the halls of money and power 




 on the plus side they are reopening the cases though now ! 




 true but a series of this type of building could eliminate a huge amount of shade across larger sections of a city, or in this case the shadow of the one is mostly on the water anyway 





























 definitely seems like a lucrative business selling to crazies 



















 you are welcome ! 




 doubly blown now that you know its more than just images ! 


















































































































 what if it is just cat on cat action is that the same ? 




 literally ! 




 true but better reaction time than i have for sure ! 
























 cool . do you know what it is called or the history?  














 or almost did ! 












































 at least you are honest ! 




 i am deeply humbled and will aspire to maintain a high level of uselessness in future posts ! 




 well thanks i do my best ! 




 Trippy Swan Station ! 




 the more you know ! 





























 kitty porn ! 




 thanks bot ! 
































































 two months later ? did it take you that long to train to be homosexual ? 














 yes i would imagine that would be one of the easier tools to attack us unfortunately 




 play it safe and use your teeth instead ! 






















































 fumblebut@hotmail.com 




 yussir 
































































 just to clarify i think you mean 'dont fuck emus' ! 




 i think its true between audio books and podcasts and independent radio storytelling shows 




 good to know i confess i have only seen the movie so far ! 





























 [you can get them for free !](http://www.businessinsider.com/abandoned-houses-detroit-2011-2) 



























































 guys in red shirts . something about killing them just feels like fulfilling their destiny for them 




 test it and see ? 




 i would be scared not to be able to see my attacker though 




 so i actually watched my dad get attacked by an emu once . no joke . scared the shit out of both of us and we just up and ran . might not have been the right way to handle it but it worked ! 




 especially for kids ! 



















 i am an ostrich does that count ? 




 if not wat do ? 




