
























 There's a hell of a lot wrong with his study and the conclusions he draws - the fact that they were all instructed to play as violently as possible but the control group was bowling seems pretty suspect to me.   














 I'd love to know what people think of this - to me it just sounds like a blood infection waiting to happen 



















 I love that you both explained he was in the wrong place and answered his question! 


































 Might be worth dropping by /r/aquaponics and seeing what they recommend  




 Cost-wise, it really depends on where you are - the price of land is they key deciding factor in how much it will cost to grow food in natural sunlight. 
What kind of scale are you thinking about? Philips are leading the way in the tech for this sort of thing, so it might be worth [checking out their site](http://www.lighting.philips.com/main/application_areas/horticultural/cityfarming.wpd) for prices etc. 




 Yeah I never understand this desire - if you want them so much get empty frames, don't envy people who need to wear lenses to function! 




 Can confirm. Have a permanent, albeit mild, back injury from school trampoline classes.  

























































































 Ah I see! My apologies 




 Is this aimed at the article's author? Because I didn't write the article  









 Ok real talk time: some girls will be put off if you are shorter than them. But plenty won't, and there are plenty of girls in the world who are shorter than you. 

You will meet plenty of women in your life who are not remotely bothered about your height. I guarantee it.  




 Pick something you enjoy doing and dedicate as much free time as you can to mastering it. Read everything you can find on it and seek out tips to make yourself better. Take on small projects related to it, and share the results with relevant communities/subreddits and ask for feedback, then use that to improve.  




 Get yourself out there - start a blog, post your work to illustration sites and generally build a name for yourself. Find projects looking for illustrators and offer your services - all in all, build yourself a portfolio and make yourself someone people want to illustrate their stuff. 

Art school will help you improve your skills, but if you are already good you may find you can build a career without it. But if you don't put yourself out there and build a portfolio, school on its own won't be the answer. 




 Grades don't matter as much once you graduate from college - your grades reflect on your teachers so of course they are going to stress about it. Try not to let it bother you too much and focus on trying new things and working out what you want from life. 




 What you study will not define your future, only help you on the path towards it, so focus on picking something you will enjoy studying now and try out different types of work in your summers to help you figure out what you want to pursue later. 

You do not have to make a complete decision about what you want to do with your future now. There is always time for you to change your mind. 




 Get tested - at least then you will know. 




 Can you teach it to yourself using info online? 




 I'm sorry to sound like an old woman, but what is swag? 




 You can always finish your high school degree later. 

Is playing soccer what you want to do with your life? If so, you will probably regret it if you don't give it a shot.  




 I appreciate this is not technically legal, but can you torrent the software you need? There are no marks given for playing by the rules.

Once you get a good job with your degree your parents will most likely shut up - they probably don't understand enough about IT to understand what a potentially valuable degree you are doing.  




 Don't worry, just try out things that sound like they might suit you and use those experiences to help you think further about it - there is no deadline to deciding and nothing to stop you switching careers later if you decide what you're doing isn't for you. 

This notion that you have to pick now and be stuck with it is outdated at best - people will certainly ask you what you want to do, but there is nothing wrong with not having a simple answer. (If you listen to the folks at /r/futurology you stand a good chance of living to 200, so its not like you're short on time to decide!)  




 Try not to worry and just enjoy it - who knows? Maybe it will last - a friend long-distanced between different continents with a girl he met as a freshman and ended up marrying her. If it does end, you'll deal with it and the experience may even help you forge stronger future relationships. 

For now, though, make the most of it and enjoy the time you do get with them. 









 Go for it! I'm female and travelled solo for 6 months when I was 18/19. Stay sensible and you'll be fine! 




 What are your thoughts on 3D printed organs?  




 The weather this week was bloody awful! The tube was packed thanks to all the line closures! 
































































 Are you well enough to travel? If so it might be worth you taking a trip to somewhere that it is legal to buy (eg Amsterdam) in order to see if it helps 










































































 You eat meat because it suffers? 




 "Are there still aboriginals in the wild?" Few years ago now, but I still can't believe a final year anthropology student said this. 




 Have you been on the London underground? They are part of the heritage 




 Personally I'm holding out for ghost. 




 Me too! Although I will miss those rare comedy comments from the drivers. 

Plus I'm pretty certain King's Cross will never be as deserted as it is in the video.  


































 Is anyone suggesting we excavate new underground areas? I can't find any mention of that in the article 







































 Given how much money some people spend on fertility now, I expect fertility will be one of the faster developments.  




 I love the way they thought everyone would still be wearing Victorian clothing 





























 Treat them as equal - don't focus on the fact they are women and don't act like its a boys club. Just encourage them in the same way as you would the boys. 









  As education increases, people tend to have less children.

This is particularly key - if we give people a basic income but don't improve education it won't have a big impact. I don't think it is the income as DerpyGrooves says, so much as the fact that people's (particularly women's) time is taken up with other things  




 I was lucky enough to see him in person a while back and was delighted to see that his beard wobbles when he talks.  



































































































 Me too - its a great article. Thanks for sharing - I couldn't find the link! 




 My SO had a similar experience when he developed Crohn's Disease - took 4 months with many, many visits to the doctor and one hospital admission before they realised what was up, by which time he had developed severe complications and needed an emergency surgery. If you need treatment and think it may be more severe than the docs are saying, demand blood tests! 




