 Really awful tattoos.  




 McDonalds because that shits gross. + basically any fast food burger place. 




 No prob. 




 5/10
 




 I've been tracking my drinking habits in Excel since 06 April.  My average daily consumption is 4.8.  My Max consumption in one day is 14 drinks.  A side note: according to my fitbit, which records my average calories burned, I consume ~4,300 calories a day, which is more than twice the human average.  There you go. 




 It's comforting to know that as a sociology major with bad grammar she'll be unemployable if/when she graduates. 




 That's so true. People try so hard not to offend. And this obese culture has turned 'being fat' into something that's offensive to talk about, when really, we should be talking about this issue openly in society. It's not like they're even a minority, they're taking over, we need to fight back. 




 I don't "hate" god. I hate that ignorant people chose to do in the name of god. 




 This. Looks. DISGUSTING.  




 You're welcome! 




 But what if she's on top? And I'm handcuffed?   




 8.5/10  You look tall and you're pretty.  I love your smile.  If I were to guess ethnicity I'd say Vietnam/Chinese mix.  I've spent a good amount of time in Asia/South East Asia but I'm no expert.  Have you considered one of those spit based DNA services; like ancestry or 23andme? 




 You're definitely pretty. You have a good bone structure, your face is symmetrical and you look thin/fit.  8.5/10 - would totally smash. 




 6.5/ Cute.   




 9/10.  You're sexy and pretty.   




 Don't forget about taxes! 




 Yea, it's hard to cheat up from a 10.  I just saw that arm hair and was like, Whoa, I knew we had the right to bear arms but this guy took it too literally.   




 Hi. Full disclosure, I've not been overweight for about 20 yrs now, but I do have a solid command over my body weight and composition.  Over the past 7 years I've had 35lbs worth of weight fluctuation while maintaining a body fat of 10%. 

I see diet and exercise discussed a lot on this/related subs, but there is a powerful tool that is not often discussed here. I'm talking about the mental/psychological/spiritual aspect of controlling your body. I've been regularly meditating for over half my life now. Along these lines, fasting has been used as a tool to reach a higher plain of consciousness for millennia. The key here is to understand that your body and your consciousness (soul to some people) are completely separate. Once you begin to deny your body, in controlled periods, this becomes more apparent. I fast for spiritual reasons, and also I'm very active and eat well, but there is that added benefit of running a controlled drastic calorie defect - you shed fat quickly.  Other benefits of sharpening this tool include avoiding that 3 week on/off cycle of self control. 

Note; techniques like this aren't for everyone and meditation, I've been told, is hard for people to just jump into. But if you're interested in hearing more, feel free to message me or comment back.   




 You look much bigger in one of those pictures.  Also the lip rings aren't doing you any favors.

Almost a 5.  (4.5/10) 




 You're beautiful. 8.5/10 




 A lot of times people cheat because they're insecure.  
[edit] I'd be insecure if I was so hairy. 




 10/10 - you're also exactly my physical type.  Tall, beautiful, fit blonde. 




 That's brilliant. 




 That's the tiny minority; it's the tail of the distribution.  The huge majority of fat people are fat because they're addicted to sugar and are totally ignorant about nutrition in general. Sure, it's not fair that food companies are allowed to put sugar in everything we eat and aggressively market their drug to children, but the most powerful way to change what corporations put on the shelves is to change societies demands. If society is bullied into believing that things like HAES is legitimate, there is less incentive to act responsibly as consumers.


As a young person, this is a very real problem that your generation will one day have to face. Today I saw a morbidly obese ~10 year old in the supermarket.  Her mother had a cart full of sugary cereal, ice cream, and soda (or as referred to on this site, a cart full of genetics). She was born into that environment. This problem has deep roots. I'd love to hear any constructive ideas on how this problem can be solved, but right now, what you're witnessing with FPH backlash, is a pushback against the censorship of something that should not be taboo to discuss openly in society.


And just to bring home the gravity of this epidemic; 
some people are fat because of diseases

 

The word 'obesity' has literally been changed to a disease according to modern medicine.  Some some people have a disease because they're diseased. 




 True. I feel like it's rude and shallow not to eat bc it's weird looking. I mean, it's not like your looking at it while you're eating. And I'm a big fan of the finger test before I go down there. Vegans taste better.   




 6.5 




 6/10.  You're pretty but at 22 you should not be so heavy. I bet you know your way around a potato.   




 8.5/10 - You look a bit more mature than 18.  Personally, I'm a fan of natural.  If you're a brunette, be a brunette, because you can *try* to look blonde, but you'll never really be blonde. 




 Weird looking vagina's are a huge factor in attractiveness.   




 I don't think it's "funny" to hate people because they're ~~big~~ **fat**.  I think it's necessary to have an outlet to pushback against "fat acceptance," which is really just a phrase describing fat bullies forcing society to accept their irresponsible, gluttonous, and destructive lifestyle.  It's nice to sit here and say, "oh, everyone's beautiful and healthy and a product of genetics" but the stark reality is that if we continue on our current fat path, society is doomed. 




 Bars are where insecure "Alpha males" go to mate.  If your not there to fuck   fight than it's not a real bar. 




 Acting stupid/childish. 




 I've never asked but I'll let you know.
[edit] No, it won't. 




 True.  Personally, I live in a city and bike mostly everywhere so it's not a huge sacrifice to give up an auto.  The problems I'm seeing are in deep rural areas where there might not even be strong enough grid support for charging stations.  On the bright side; the way technology is progressing, I think I'll see the fix in my life time.  




