 It isn't all that forced when a) we don't know if they will be "cover ups" per say, b) that maybe he just didn't know all that time, and c) you can't really know until there's more development. I don't see this as hard a twist as any others. And again, I would like to vehemently point out that Bobby will not change whatsoever as a character if he's gay. He will merely be hitting on men rather than women. And it still isn't that big of a retcon than many of the others seen through history. 




 Hey. Welcome to Tulsa. Where are you coming from?  




 When the Maximoff twins were retconned to be (and not be) Magneto's children, nobody said anything. Recently, when it's been retconned that they were NOT mutants, people said a few things but shrugged it off as pleasing the MCU. But the moment someone turns gay, it's "[contradicting] half a century of characterization."

I get that his change is merely pleasing the masses of gay readers. HOWEVER, it isn't a huge leap. Yes, Bobby has always been a bit of a ladies' man, but gay men are huge flirts typically and women LOVE gay men usually. And sexuality shouldn't matter. So why does it matter if he's suddenly gay? He'll just hit on men with his suave attitude instead of women. He'll still be Iceman.  




 There's also this thing that you may not be aware of: plenty of gay men have/had girlfriends and wives for decades before finally realizing they were gay. If they had a telepath around to reveal their sexuality, then maybe it wouldn't have taken them so long to figure it out. Sadly, that's what happens in a heteronormative society: you question your feelings you have for the same sex.

I get why some people would be upset about changing a specific character like Bobby from straight to gay because I've known him as a bit of a ladies' man. However, there are PLENTY of women attracted to gay men and gay men are HUGE flirts typically. So it isn't a huge stretch of the imagination.

This isn't ice cream flavor changes. This is a writer changing something within the continuity of a particular character for the sake of times a'changing. BUT this isn't the first time this has happened to a character. Characters have died off only to come back to life, characters have turned into completely different people due to someone possessing them/amnesia/rebirth or whatever contrivance they decide to use to say they're different, they've had ENTIRE lifetimes completely retconned. Yet, the moment a character goes from straight to gay, it's like people get completely pissed. 

It makes a person wonder why the hostility.  




 I don't see this as clumsy. Is it a bit careless? Sure. But it's just a character realizing something about himself. 




 No, I'm saying that you're upset because things are changing about a character after his many years in comics. Expecting the character to stay the same is just ignorant. 




 But couldn't that be said for ANY retcon? I get where you're coming from, but it's like you're deeply upset something changed about a character over time! Like that never happened before. 




 I've been in bed all morning. It felt glorious. Then my dog wanted some food.  




 No big. There's always other days. Like today. If it weren't raining. Lol  




 I would've said "there's always tomorrow" but then this fucking thunderstorm happened.  




 Currently? None since it's Saturday. But I did wake up at 7am. So I'm pretty tired.  




 Enjoy your beer, man!

Edit: sorry! Got you mixed up with another poster. It was a long day yesterday.  




 Sweet. How's the mall area?  




 Our tv is so old. Haha

I live off 21st and Garnett. We just moved to this place. It isn't bad. What about yourself.  




 Just ordered pizza. Chilling with a roommate. We unfortunately don't have cable/satellite/Netflix on our tv. So we're sitting in our living room in awkward silence.  




