 my brain hurts 




 sexual assault is hilarious  




 The size of the debt only has meaning relative to the size of the economy.  Citing the debt number outside of that context is dishonest.  




 I would shit my pants 




 I totally agree with the general sentiment here; but in the writers defense, doesn't Detroit derive most of it's notoriety from being a shit hole? 









 Aaaaaand now I'm weirded out by all the Belleville redditors.  




 Religions are cultural linguistic expressions of our ancestors view of the human condition; what it is to be born and grow from childhood to adolescence to adulthood; to enter old age and die.  They are mechanisms through which wisdom traditions gain traction in and are transmitted through history.  A wisdom tradition is concerned with how should we live?  This is a question that science does not ask and cannot answer.   




 First, Term limits are just as likely to remove someone competent as they are to remove someone incompetent(honest as corrupt, etc).  

Second, Parliamentary bodies like congress have enormously complex procedural structures that lawmakers have to navigate to accomplish anything that want to accomplish.  Its inefficient, but its the nature of the beast. By term limiting out long time legislators you remove the people who maintain the bodys institutional memory. Which is to say that you get rid of the people who know how to do stuff.  New legislators will need to know how to do stuff so they will turn to those people outside the institutional body who are not term limited who know how the body works.  So you are actually conferring more power to Lobbyists and special interest groups over the legislative process. 

Last, by creating a set amount of time that someone can serve you remove the incentive for lawmakers to develop long term relationships and further polarize the body, making it more combative and generally less likely for that body achieve a compromise. 

The goal has to be getting *better* legislators. Term limits just get us *different* legislators.
 




 Wore JNCOs... I feel shame 




 Only according to your arbitrary definition of what constitutes divine revelation.  Outside of that narrow view your litmus test is useless.  Its not as if there is one universally agreed upon approach to which all faith traditions adhere.  

Fundamentalists make up a solid percentage of practicing Christians in the united states but they only represent a tiny sliver of Christian thought. The theological implications of divine revelation are broad and vary greatly across history, communities and individuals.  To simply assume that divine revelation must mean that one would have knowledge of the physical universe unavailable otherwise is shortsighted and intellectually dishonest. Just check out the revelation [Wiki](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Revelation). That just a small sampling and here is no shortage of approaches.

I wouldnt say Im convinced of atheism  Im agnostic. Im really comfortable saying I dont know. Agnosticism seems to me like the honest neutral position. The atheist insistence that one must find evidence in the natural world for the super natural strikes me as a self-refuting.  




 Claims of divine revelation or divine inspiration dont necessitate the expectation of scientific accuracy. It sounds like you are referring to biblical literalism or biblical inerrancy which are a completely different.  

Look, You don't have to argue like Pat Robertson is across the table from you.  Im not even Christian. I dont think the bible is divine anything, I think its an entirely human product. It tells us what our spiritual ancestors thought not what god thinks. 

At the risk of being overly broad and simplistic, it breaks down like this. There are two basic understandings of contemporary Christianity. Call them liberal and conservative for lack of better vocabulary. Both are the result of Christianitys collision with the enlightenment.   One is a defensive rejection of enlightenment knowledge (conservative), the other is a discerning integration of enlightenment knowledge(liberal). But its important to realize that both understandings are recent. Phrases like literally true or biblical inerrancy arent first uttered until the second half of 1600s and didnt become common until the 1800s.  

The idea that its dishonest for beliefs held by the community, literal or otherwise, to change based on new information is just ridiculous. To what other belief system would we apply such a standard? Why would we expect Christianity or its theology to be static? They dont exist in a vacuum, they are dynamic,  they grow and evolve and respond to history. Of course some literally held beliefs have been cast aside. Others have been invented from practically nothing (Trinity anyone?)This is the nature of ideas, the nature of culture and language.  That doesnt invalidate the entire tradition.

Look, I think the fundamentalist need to press their faith into sciences conceptual mold so that they can walk around with some  self deceived certainty about god and the universe diminishes their own tradition and is destructive to society. Yeah, ancient people believed stuff we know to be wrong (if only they had the benefit of your 17 years on the earth -just a guess-) Yeah some people, out of some sense of obligation to what they think they are supposed to believe about the bible or pure good ole fashioned stupidity, still believe some of those same things.  

Im not sure everyone gets it, maybe cry about it some more.
 




 I dont need a get out of disproof free card if proof in the scientific sense is not a standard to which I aspire.   An ancient cultures pre-scientific cosmology isnt correct so? Why would we expect it to be? And unless someone is using that as the basis for a public policy argument -in which case I will stand right beside you as we tell them to fuck off- why should we care?

BTW Genealogies are incredibly common in oral traditions. Usually as a way of keeping a family or tribal history but often as a way to confer or denote authority to a particular figure in a narrative.

Did you read Ops link? The kind of debate you are trying to engage in is part of what its talking about.
 




 I sympathize with alot of the arguments made by new-atheists but it feels like they are stuck on a single plane. I want to engage but it all seems so conceptually shallow I just end up whistling right passed. 
"metaphors aren't true therefore they are lies" and it kind of stops there. 




 You're right about this. Thanks for this thread. 




 word. The lack of conceptual depth in this thread is embarrassing.  




 all time favorite Blues jerseys 




 John Riggins  




 Just went on a road trip and found myself listening to Lost from beginning to end and wondering the same. 




 so crazy it just might work 




 what else do they have to remember? 




 I just think King spends so much time in the characters head that it makes it really tough to communicate all the important parts of a story visually. Which is probably why Shawshank is arguably the best King adaptation;  It's not terribly long and there is a narrator.    

Apart from that can we just say, "do whatever Frank Darabont does."  




    My experience tells me that the average person and redditor only gets half the facts, half correct (both theists and atheists) because s/he doesn't bother too much on reading about them. That's why it's common to find fundamentalists refusing to "believe that we descend from monkeys" and many atheists half-assessing the ideas that inspired religious thought.    

I think its more than just ignorance.   I think a lot of atheists fall into the same kinds of fundamentalisms as the religious.  I know the defense but atheism is the absence of belief, we cant be fundamentalist. True enough if someone is just an atheist. But once you move beyond the absence of a belief into declaring an affirmative vision of the universe I know the true nature of reality then youre a Naturalist, Scientist, Materialist, etc. As such you can fall prey to the same structurally flawed kinds of assumptions usually associated with religious fundamentalism. 
Some of the questions from OP are truly Large Conceptual Stuff and have been around for centuries (what is god? What is his relation to the universe? Is it embedded in its creation? Does it "embue" his creation with divinity? With purpose?...). I get why concepts like these are hard to get and very easily misunderstood, but anyone who claims to be a (free-)thinker worth his value, owes to himself to read and understand many points of view before arriving to any kind of conclusion

Agreed. Are you familiar with Joseph Campbell? He who thinks he knows, doesn't know. He who knows that he doesn't know, knows. For in this context, to know is not to know. And not to know is to know.   




 Good call. omnipresence and a pantheistic god aren't the same thing

My experience on reddit has been that a lot of atheists have a hard time with the larger conceptual stuff.  My guess is that its because they spend so much time focused on the superficial anthropomorphized god of fundamentalists. 

 




 I'm 3 years into my routine and my wife is still on the couch.   I'm in the best shape I've ever been in and she's enthusiastic about what I've been able to accomplish but can't seem to do it for herself. I've done everything I can think of to help her but I can't go to the gym for her. 




 I thought Frank Muller's stuff was fantastic. I really enjoyed William Hurt's Hearts in Atlantis 




 I had to look twice because at a glance I totally thought it was Michael Jackson. 




 He's so good and yet i still wish someone would break his face again. 




 Picking some hyper literalist branch of Christianity and arguing from their view is a cop out.  If its the divinity that you cant stomach then cut it out all together.   Think about it Christianity  as a sociological phenomenon and start there.  
All religions are  born out cultural linguistic traditions. If they are around long enough they become cultural linguistic traditions unto themselves.  In philosophy a wisdom tradition is concerned with how should we live? Religions are the vehicle through which wisdom traditions gain traction in history. Theyre steeped in cultural symbols and metaphor. Who needs god?  There are bible scholars who use the same  historical critical method that academic historians use. Some of them Christian but many of them secular academics. Marcus Borg and the Jesus Seminar are the first that come to mind.  But John Dominic Crossan is another, Bart Ehrman, etc. 

You can do this is a way that applies critical analysis. 
 




 Steen is my favorite interview on the team. Give him his own show where people ask him things and hes blunt as fuck 




 BROWN IS UGLY!  




