 Can't believe no one said EPC out in St. Chuck. 




 You did a good deed for that family, and I hate to say it but in that condition that birthday could've very well been that kid's last. Good job on the cop for not taking him in in front of his son. 




 http://imgur.com/gk33ydg 




 Needs some glaze.  




 Living in the U.S. I feel left out. :( 




 I went to ITT-Tech and have an associate's degree in Criminal Justice so my brother from another mother calls me Chef Batman. 




 Where at? 




 Nah forgot the B A Start. 




 Thanks I'll try that. 




 Want to send me the money to upgrade? Plus I asked here because I figured that was one of the purposes of this subreddit. 




  Microsoft Windows 7 or later.

With Windows Vista being before 7 it won't work but Thanks anyway for the info. 




 Which one do I want then, and where do I download it from? 




 Windows Vista....yeah I know Ugh! lol 




 Downloaded the retail software recovery tool but it's not compatible with my computer's OS. 




 It got to the gears, ended real fast, restarted the phone, and popped up sorry we're unable to install this update at this time. 




  you can't train give a fuck, you have to hire give a fuck and teach it to cook.

Such poetry here but very fuckin true.
 




 He looks like a white Gabriel Iglesias. 




 Actually know the guy who made this. This was done at the Alton, IL McDonald's. 




 This all coming from the fucker who wrote that Hello Kitty ear bleeder for his wife. Yeeeeah ok. 




 It'll just be some copy and paste response more than likely. 




 Exactly, I think they mean company wide. 









 You're Welcome 




 Wish I had the money to donate as well but I'm broke as a joke and the joke is broke. 




 Well most certainly the one this subreddit was named after. 




  In most professional kitchens these days, long gone are the times when dick jokes, drug use and alcohol consumption were the norm. 

Wait alcohol consumption and dick jokes are long gone??? Well SHIT! Goodbye cruel world.
 




 86 slang as well. 




 Thought the same. It looks like a fish bowl to me. I'd go with a much shallower dish, and try to tighten up the food placement because the way it is now looks like you said play it where it lands. 




 Buy a bag of potatoes and practice practice practice. 




 The only way to rectify this is to walk up behind a mule and let him kick you in the nuts. It's one of the sacred bro codes so it must be done. 




 Buddy and me just downloaded it as well and so far nothing is new. Also no popups in story mode like there usually is. 




 Ferguson? 




 Not to sound mean buy you either have no balls and letting the Chef walk all over you or you don't know any better and should find another line of work like was previously stated. I suggest that you stand up to the chef and believe me there's a chance of mad respect.

When I was still green under the collar in this industry I had a coworker be a dick towards me everyday, and one day the Chef himself pulled me aside and said don't let him walk all over you. Next day I grew the balls and got major respect from the Chef and the other guys. 




 Lived in GA for 2 1/2 weeks and between the spiders and micro-frogs I lost count. 




 This. 




 When the memorial went up in flames he showed up to the scene with two pastor, and was booed when they got out of the car. 




 Are there any maker marks on the bottom of anything. Maker marks could consist of a stamp or something engraved. 




 Was thinking this too. Announcer/Interviewer Vince 




 Ellen DeGeneres is that you? 




 Remember these days. Meat slicer was my best friend on those days. 




 Heart attack Grill  




 Have hung out with a few of them at one of my old job. Have to say with them being federal and all they're a fun crowd to hang with. I'm going with it being Ferguson related as well and the reason for them staying in Chesterfield might have to do with the airport right there. 




 I 2nd this. It looks to be a fastener such as the type you find on large manila envelopes. 




 Same here. It looks like nothing more than a keychain you pick up at a tourist shop/gas station. 









 Was just about to post this. 




 Never met him but he did an episode of Restaurant Impossible at a restaurant by me that I used to pass all the time. Was one of the funniest thing I've seen. One clip had him calling a place for a sign (sign place is right next door), and another one had him driving back to the restaurant after asking people to come to the reveal (they were in the parking lot of the restaurant the whole time). 




 If I was to get that form it'd be a paper airplane within 30 seconds. 




 Serve this with some goat cheese and Ritz for $25. 




 Bandanas is more of the stop on the way home and pick up dinner in a hurry type place. I say close to the airport go with SugarFire Smokehouse. I'm a chef and all I keep hearing is nothing but good things about the place. 




 Exactly those. They're grrrrrrreat! 




 Damn people are still pissed about this. Not sorry but I think he was a shitty wrestler no matter what organization, and I know I'm not the only one who thinks that. 




 The part of this that makes me SMH is getting little kids involved in this. 




 You cheeky lil bastard!

Congrats and if you haven't already we're going to need a full 30min long review posted on YouTube tonight. 




 Thanks for the link. Found this as well: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RuJWpl7W6mc

Give a more in depth explanation. 




 Because it was my First kitchen job and I didn't know any better.

I was the KM/Cook of a Mom   Pop Pizza shop. The owner was a cool guy who I got along with to an extent and I pretty much had full control over the place since he was barely around. Well he would hire in these teeny bopper girls to run the counter, and started to notice why he would hire in these girls is so he could try to get a piece of jailbait ass. In the long run the business started to take on water fast. We ended up losing our contract with pepsi because the bill wasn't getting paid on top of them being unable to deliver. I had no key to the place or I would've accepted it. He also let somebody other than himself handle the books and she ended up screwing him over and the place shut down without notice.

Oh and to answer the P.S. No because I was paid under the table in cash. Come to think of it I was hired under the table as well. 




 Would love to see a video of how it goes about brewing the tea each morning. 




 It's Duck Season Muahahahaha! 




 He did but the Lion no longer had a Choice. 




 Have tried 5 times to download the update and everytime I get an error that says Unable To Update Your Phone At This Time Try Again Later (0xfffffffb). 




 Anybody having problems updating? Everytime I try to it pops up Unable To Update At This Time. 




 Lumia 520 and biggest gripe is the app store. If I would've known that 90% of the apps I used on my android was unavailable with Windows I would've stuck with Android or got an iPhone 5. Besides that the 8.1 update fixed a ton of the problems like the others folder that was just there with no means of dumping the file build up so my storage space kept getting lower while that kept getting higher. 




 Got it free with a trade in. 




 Where the fuck you get your info from a cracker jack box?

I'll just leave this here: http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aneurysm_of_heart 




 Why not join it? If I'm stuck with this phone for the time being might as join a subreddit where I can get info on it and ask question. 




 In that case have fun. Still wondering if he got an S5 which is only a few months old why is he wanting to trade in so soon. 




 Well for example no official app for Snapchat, Instagram is still in beta, and Vine hasn't been updated since God knows when along with many other apps. Also very well known companies are looking at WP users like they have Ebola or something and aren't even creating apps for this OS.  




 Good point. 




 Pretty much sums up my degree. 




 That's like asking if you should trade in a Lambo for a Pinto. The answer is no. As a convert from Android I could kick my own ass. For one thing calling the app market limited is an understatement. While the cameras are good IMO that's the only thing good about these phones. So in turn if you have an S5 keep it, enjoy it, cherish it, and stay away from WP like most companies are doing. 




 Hate to say it but what else is new. WP is like the damn plague to companies. 




 That doesn't matter because by that time the damage was already done. 




 The kind that remembers that the cause of death was due to a heart aneurism cause by years of drug abuse aka his own doings is what killed him. 




 Take a vid of it and we'll call it The Suckering. Make at least a couple dollars off of Larry that lives in Forest Park. 




 They've either lived a very sheltered life or don't know racism if it hit them in the face. 




 Well shit ok I'll admit I was wrong. Still don't want the bullshit out here though. 




 Shit I'm a 27yo virgin but I'm not going to go out and fuck just any woman to get rid of it. Don't get me wrong I'd like to get rid of it shit what man wouldn't but getting rid of it by means of a meaningless one night stand is just fucked up IMO. 




 The difference is with the buses you have to transfer between buses to get downtown. With this it's a straight shot from new part of the county to the city. Thus making it easier to commit the crime and get back to the city in no time. 




 Bus 




 WHOO HOO GO ME! 




 Shit might as well. 




 Mmhmm you know why that is right? Because the criminals from the city are coming out here breaking into houses and robbing places.

 




 Let the butthurt begin with this comment: I didn't like him. IMO he wasn't that great and his own doing is what killed him. 




 You did read the proposed stop didn't you? 




 Love Garfield so obviously loving this teapot. Where did you get it? 




 No Lambchops, No Peace! 




 I oppose this for the very reason that we don't need no more damn criminals from the city coming into the county. That is why St. Charles has been keeping it out of their area for years. For example look at the arrest reports from the Ferguson riots. A mass majority of those arrested were from the city so all this will do is give them another means of access to the county. 




 All I can think of is here we go again. First Josh and now Oscar. 




 Reminds me of The Pineapple from HIMYM. 









 MORTAL KOMBAAAAAT!!!! 




 Everybody is just over here kung fu fighting and you're over there butthurt over some jokes. 




 To me it's like googling something. Too many results that you don't know what you should click on. 




 He stand up and starts shaking hands until someone tells him there's still a chance of a straight. 




 Wait that was him? Well that explains everything now. lol 









 If this crap keeps happening they won't make it another two. With them being busy with the kids I wonder if they even know what is really happening in their places. I say make an anonymous call to the health department but that's just me. 




 Culinary Institute of St. Louis

It was just the standard industrial roll plastic wrap found in most commercial kitchens. 




 Theirs are mostly Crosley and Third Street Records(Jack White's label). 




 http://rs1img.memecdn.com/you-stay-classy-st-louis_o_2565061.jpg 




 Is this a chain we'd know or a local mom   pop spot? Reason I'm asking is because if it's a chain then this sadly doesn't surprise me but if it's a mom   pop then it's kinda shocking they would turn the blind eye at this. 




 I always thought the same but it's how I was taught in Culinary School. Still don't fully understand it. 




 This is the basis of seeing an accident and not stopping to check on the people because it's "not your problem." 




 Probably has been covered but TL;DR: Anybody else do a quick glance and thought holy shit Rob Lowe??? 




 Whoever requested this I thank you. 




 Exactly! Hell the standard burritos could feed a small village for a year. 




 Yeah saw John Pertzborn post about it on twitter when it happened but for some reason it's just now making the news. One of the 13 year olds involved is pregnant so that kind of tells you something about her parents. 




 Took the words from my mouth. Also gonna add MOAR!!! 




