 That was nice.  Well I've always heard them in trees, their presence was always known.  I might have seen them in their bright green form, but as for this shit all over my house, I've never seen it.  I've lived in Las Vegas, NV for 15 years.  For the first few years I've lived here, I didn't even know that noise was coming from an insect, I was 13 years old and thought it was electricity of some sort. 




 Thank you everybody!  I've always known about Cicadas, but I've never seen them, just heard them.  I'm so appreciative for the quick replies. 









 I agree, that movie was better than I thought it would be.  It made me like her more. 




 :') very appreciated 




 [Johnny Cash joined in on the sequel](http://youtu.be/q-_XhuzIrqY) 




 We are in the same boat.  This is my second pregnancy after a miscarriage.  I'm 6w2d along.  I'll be right here with you guys rooting you all on xoxo 




 With my last pregnancy,  my doctor held off til 10 weeks.  I went to one of those stand-alone ultrasound places at 8w5d, and for $25 I got to see my baby's heartbeat and make sure everything was ok.  I couldn't wait til my Dr's appt.  It was totally worth it. 




 [Yea not what I was expecting.](http://www.dariawiki.org/wiki/index.php?title=Alvaro_J._Gonzalez) 




 Does it feel like you can still wiggle your toes? 




 I completely agree.  Loved it.  The music was even modern and on point. 




 I'm a hairstylist, when I cut myself these are the only brand that stay on my hands in and out of water all day. 




 Well those places want your money, they really don't care if you've seen your doctor.  

Don't use the word awkward, :/.  Everything will be ok! 




 I just remember not wanting to wait as long as my Obgyn wanted me to for my first ultrasound, so I went there for reassurance and it worked great. 




 Idk how available they are in your town, but go to a stand-alone ultrasound place.  They usually have instant availability,  and the one by my house only charged me like 25 bucks.

Edit:  I'm in your same boat.  I miscarried last year, just took my first positive test today.  I'll be thinking about you! 




 Nothing about that sub gave me any idea of what it's about. 




 Uplifting news that still kinda brings me down... :( 









 Goddammit you people are clever.  Who comes up with this shit?   




 Aww, I love her. 




 Make every last moment amazing.  I'm so sorry stranger :( 




 That's it.  Most people I know really struggle. 




 I think the problem is people expect it to just happen and don't realize they can create their own happiness.   I have friends that it seems like happiness falls in their lap.  I don't feel bad for myself and only see the positive that's happening to them, I seek it for myself and realize there are always bad things and good. 




 This is what I was going to say.  People don't realize how many calories things contain.  I wasn't even aware of it until I had MFP.   




 Dude.  Yes. 




 Aww, I adore all of them!  




 Gotcha! 




 Wtf is going on with her 




 Something about it being HD feels wrong... 




 That time was noticeably more uncomfortable too.  Just walking to the car was so unbearable.   On your part of town in the middle of those 2 weeks did you get the downpour?? It was kinda cool that it came out of nowhere and cooled down 30 degrees for like an hour. 




 No!  The people look even crazier in the summertime... like sheep on the strip.   




 I know, it's noticeably more comfortable than when it's 10 degrees hotter.  I have never minded this dry heat. You can go swimming at midnight and never be cold, I think that is a neat thing. 




 When I do it, I spend like 10 minutes washing it like a shower would, never just use tp or a wash cloth.  When I'm low on time, a washcloth is fine though.  




 I completely agree and that makes me sad. 




 That *was* very good.  So much feeling at the end, loved it. 




 I have a friend that has been dying for me to watch this.  I'm not clear on the synopsis,  and I feel like even when she had explained it, there was something that was telling me to bypass it.  Is it a good one though?  




 This is, to me, one of the movies that I can have playing in the background of my life and be very content.  There is something unnerving and yet oddly comforting about her character.  I also like when movies feel realistic, and even though she is over-the-top psychotic, the situations and dialogue are accurate.  




 This pic makes me so happy!  




 But I want people to think I'm funny *because* I like making them laugh. 




 Thank you! 




 [Bonus clip of my other baby](http://youtu.be/CnHGpRd_A9M) 









 It kind of sounds like one of those melodies that you can make yourself with that app that uses dots in a sequence, I can't think of what the program is called. It does just have a very generic sound.

Edit:  I looked it up, it's called a sequencer.  Not what you're looking for, I know, just trying. 




 NOT COOL.  NOW HUGGING MY DOG WITH LIGHTS ON. 




 "If you want me, girl let me know"  

Tearing up my heart? By N'Sync 




 [Here comes the hotstepper](http://www.imgur.com/ILXhz4G.jpeg) 




 When did you hear it, have you known about it for a long time?

Could you maybe compare the style of voice to a different singer?

Is it slow, or faster? 




 *"You know what this place needs...?* A scary tunnel.  Not a candy-making tunnel.  A *scary* tunnel"


 




 Jagermeister, people always try to push that shit on me and I dry-heave just thinking about it.  




 Maybe a Missy Elliott song?  




 Thank you so much!  *Of course* an amazing critic hated this movie, I remember liking it. How do I flag this as solved on mobile? 




 A dark movie where a cult leader pours something on his followers and sets them on fire.  A girl lives and falls into a coma and she sees the cult leader in her nightmares.  The male lead is pretty known, but I don't think the other characters are. 









 "You can't triple stamp a double stamp, *Nic!*" 




 Here we have a glass-half-full kinda guy. 




 Yes, but to be honest, the feeling of relief that I get seeing they even *have* toilet paper is so strong I don't care about anything else. 




 [The onus is not on us to provide evidence for something that doesn't exist](http://www.imgur.com/Nqz9K9l.jpeg) 




 O thank you, I had a feeling I should've started with a pic... And that sub just felt a little more intimidating, I could be wrong lol. 




 I don't really know how to ask for advice, but I need it. 




 When the lady just gave birth at the hospital, she's having a cigarette in her room, looking at the baby in all seriousness says, "that baby right dere, she gon' be Miss America one day. "  

I fucking LOST it. 




 He has a heart condition.  




 My friend's mom had the plastic applicator pinch her vagina, so now she uses cardboard only. 




 I love people watching.  I live in Vegas, I'm 29 years old,  the funnest thing to do is sit on the strip late night and watch the drunken idiots.  It never gets old, and I can do it for hours. 




 The Scorpion. 




 [Definitely an American Pickers place]( http://www.imgur.com/iRQX6I7.jpeg)

[Didn't wander into the mines, but they also had some neat caves around](http://www.imgur.com/nBaTju8.jpeg) 




 [Kitchen](http://www.imgur.com/aKRhdIJ.jpeg)

[Barn](http://www.imgur.com/5lO5Ug1.jpeg) 




 [Wiki article on Nelson](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nelson%2C_Nevada) 









 ...oxygen.  




 Is this the one where it shows a young Mike Ness putting makeup on? 




 Forgive me for always assuming OP is a dude.  




 [Well](http://www.imgur.com/O1O87Sh.jpeg) 




 I just don't understand how some of these subreddits are legal.   




 Well I completely agree.  After soaking them in ice water, then putting them in the fridge for a while, I would think that logic would be enough.  But it just doesn't peel right for me, maybe my eggs are too fresh. 




 That's hilarious 




 That is the exact method I use to cook my eggs, they still don't peel nicely. 









 Just be prepared to watch an overly flamboyant Tim Roth.  I liked it though.  Something different. 




 Me first and the gimme gimmes? 




 Man, good luck.  The Aladdin has been closed for like 10 years.  




 Holy shit, I used to love that song.  




 DEBT CONSOLIDATION... GAMBLING! 




 Joe Rogan and Carlos Mencia? Sounds similar.  




 Last Action Hero?  




 Are you happy in Vegas?  I too live here, south east side.  




 I had the opposite luck with both restaurants.  So wait times and service, are hit or miss.  But the food at both places was very delicious.  I did prefer the pub at Caesars! 









 Because pleather is like.. butter. 




 This may be TMI.  I have gotten ringworm a couple different times, so  I started to wash my clothes at pretty high temperatures just to kill any germs.  I just feel like the closet and all the clothes in it get so much cleaner.  I know it makes the clothes wear out faster, I do not care. 




 [Rustle-to-the-jimmy](http://www.imgur.com/bvjxtng.gif) 




 It gets crazy there.  The definition of "spring break," to me.  That fucking [Mango Deck](http://www.mangodeckcabo.com/?no_redirect=true) place. 




 I want to explore Europe.  Maybe in 10+ years I will start to have the funds to *think* about doing so. 




 You're doing God's work!...  Wait... 




 Our bacon is so different.  So I'm picturing a big piece of liver with ham on it.  Hmm.  

I love England,  I've only been there once, but I couldn't find any bacon I liked. 




 What is your favorite English food?

 




 Some people, man.
 




 From their website, 

"If you claim to be Christian, I DARE YOU to give your Pet(s) away, if you cannot, then your Pet(s) are your Gods, Not the Lord Jesus. I DARE YOU to give-up all your Play, Entertainment and Sports, if you cannot, then those are your Gods, Not the Lord Jesus." 




 It's pretty safe to say that you're not usually ever handed a lump sum like this in your life.  It would be so smart to hang onto it. 




 I saved the documents that another redditor posted a short while ago.  But it's like pdf format and I can't post it. It's pretty crazy that it's not just a single case of him *maybe* hooking up with like, a seventeen year old.  He likes babies.  He finds women that let him do sexual things to their babies.  It's an insane story, look into it. 




 Be cordial and respectful.  Then cry yourself to sleep. 




 I've realized that when it comes to some popular movies, my mind doesn't go deep enough to appreciate what they are.  I feel like I'm the only person that doesn't love Pulp Fiction.  I  respect it, I love the actors, but the cult status boggles my mind. 




 We get it, it's not funny. 




 Sometimes my car shoots out too cold or too hot, so I do it sometimes.  




