 ctrl + f ghost in the shell, wasn't disappointed  




 why are they shouting at admiral ackbar from star wars?  




 a few days ago my cat was pawing at my stream of urine. it was the funniest thing in the world. i couldn't stop peeing and he just kept swatting my pee. so there's an idea for a comic. if you make it i'd love to see it 




 from a /mu/ thread, i want to listen to later

glass handed kites
broken social scene
childish gambino - culdesac
man of aran - british sea power
ken - by request only
joy division - unknown pleasures
alice in chains - facelift
slaraffenland-private cinema
Titus Andronicus - The Monitor
hundred waters
monk solo - it might be the sun
mount eerie - the microphones 




 i can't pronounce the letter R... 




 how can batman be dangerous if he doesn't kill anyone? why do criminals fear him when they know he doesn't kill anyone?  




 waking up in a drunk tank surrounded by a bunch of natives and not knowing why i'm there.  









 GIVE ME BACK MY CAT! 




 why do you have a hammock and a tent? 




 i pre-ordered bioshock at gamestop, how long do i have to buy it before my $5 goes away? 




 please don't say get an eye patch and a parrot 




 thanks i appreciate you taking the time 




 thanks. i appreciate you taking the time 









 i don't know what that is. honestly i'd be surprised if i find out how to open my xbox without taking a hammer to it 




 horizontally. also the disc tray had a few tiny drops of water on it when i opened it. also my fallout game was soaking wet. i learned my lesson about drinking too much 




 yeah probably but it's worth a shot 




 i got blackout drunk. i woke up to it being unplugged, on the ground, with the bottom wet 




 thanks 




 thanks. i can't believe i didn't think of youtube 




 i don't get why people want signatures and pictures of celebs. it just doesn't make sense to me, and i'm sure he didn't want to be in a picture with you but he didn't want to be rude 




 i've been looking into ecigs. what do you think about this one http://www.vapedojo.com/collections/kits/products/katana-kit ?

yesterday was the first day i didn't smoke in probably like 8 years, so this is working for me 




 good luck on not getting raped 




 this reminds me, i need to look into getting food stamps. anyone know how i go about this? 




 what songing is playing in the background? this is really bugging me 




 which, as you said, is just a plot of land 




 so is nationalism just basically "my government governs me less shitty than your government governs you"? 




 so is nationalism just basically "my government governs me less shitty than your government governs you"? 




 if my dad says comments on my drinking, hide my drinking from him that day and the next day 




 oh my fucking god thank you. "i'm trying to save you a bullet" lol 




 i asked my dad for a zip (an ounce of weed). then said that a zip is slang for a full tank of gas.  




 trip wrong? there's no wrong way to trip. providing a nice setting is a good idea but it's not wrong if you don't do that. think of a trip as a trip. you're going someplace new on an adventure, but you get stuck in traffic. could you have avoided the traffic? no because you're someplace new 




 at least the one in front looks like it has limbs. what is the bunny equivalent of arms called? 




 liar 




 do you have steam? i'll gift you a game 




 i did it once. it was good 




 damnit i forgot that my audio stopped working. does anyone know how to fix audio on a laptop? 




 i don't know anything about computers. how do i do that? thank you 









 i sprayed warhead sour spray on all the food in my highschool's cafeteria. 




 he dead? nooo 




 whenever i drive with my gay friend i have him yell "faggot" at people in his gayest voice. it's hilarious  




 i like how he managed to get his longboard in every shot. i'm that that wasn't planned  




 asians are horrible people 




 thanks. are you a cop, lawyer, or have heard of a similar story? it was weed and ecstasy by the way 




 a friend forgot a backpack in another friend's car. that friend consented to a search of the car because he didn't know the backpack was there. just some weed and ecstasy  




 at least they weren't black 




 why didn't you just surround the place with treadmills? 




 girls think my stutter is cute 




 what is SC GOP? and where do i sign up? 




 damnit man i had a boner 




 it was basketball but with trampolines and pads. that was the shit. what's it called? 









 you sound exactly like i do 




 will your show get better? i gave it a shot, should i stick with it? 




 i loaned a "friend" 700 dollars, how do i prove that money exchanged hands? i have no proof 




 thank you 




 so where is mercer island? 




 i'm looking for a longterm solution though. that helps for a few minutes.. 




 i'm kinda pissed that doctors are taking pictures of him instead of helping hm 




 how many MCG's of vitamin B do you take a day? 




 how many MCG's of B12 do you take a day? 




 thanks a lot. so that's all i need to know? 









 what is the name of that first song? and the other songs too? 




 you... you funny 




 i just bought some and cleaned the fuck out of my room :) 




 alright thanks i'll look into vitamin D and fish oil 









 i hate you 




 lol this woman is retarded lol  




