 Right now, it's Dallas to Houston. They really should consider swinging this project through Austin, they'd get way more support...  














 The feeling of a good twitch shooter I haven't enjoyed since Unreal Tournament   Tribes... it's just fast. I go back to other shooters   they seem slow. 

EDIT: Seriously, I immediately increase my sensitivity on other games because I'm so jacked. 









 Artist: 

http://sirmikeofmitchell.com/ 




 http://mashable.com/2011/08/29/facebook-marketing-restaurants/

http://blog.wishpond.com/post/57638303180/social-media-marketing-for-restaurants-21-tips

http://thebaddeal.com/post/49367297137/what-we-dont-need-from-a-restaurants

http://marketing.about.com/od/socialmediamarketing/a/smdiningandentertainment.htm


Don't hit them too much too often, they'll hide / unlike. 3 Posts / day is too much for some followers. 

You may want to consider different facebook pages: your bar, events, etc...

Be consistent: don't miss having specials announced every day (at same time)

Be open to feedback. Research customer service   marketing to learn how to deal with feedback   negative comments. 

http://www.seeksocialmedia.com/respond-negative-social-media-comments/

Link Facebook pages to Google Ads. 

Cross promote w/ Twitter, Instagram, ETC

good luck
 




 Ok Reddit: find the most difficult page of Harry Potter for Floyd "I'm afraid of Manny Pacquiao" Mayweather to read... 




 When the fraternal order of police introduced the taser, it was promised to be a non-lethal substitute for occasions where guns are needed

did it look like it would be acceptable for that child to be shot with a gun? did the 'don't tase me bro' guy deserve to be shot with a gun for not giving up a podium? 

God dammit, when will they quit abusing their toys?  




 Anyone else think the flippers have a delay compared with the 360?  




 I'm not that guy that says 'this has already been asked' but I have seen this posted at least 5 times. 

  each time I say "Do you have $25   Like Titanfall   Want more maps? If yes to all 3, then get the Season Pass". 

then I get downvoted for no damn good reason.  




 I've got Laserdisc to DVD rips of the original   THX '97 versions... Only version I need...until now.  









 http://thegrio.files.wordpress.com/2014/07/obama-perry.jpg?w=650 




 http://www.yelp.com/biz/hair-mission-austin 




 Oh Yes by Charles Bukowski

http://jessicajjohnston.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/ohyes_bukowskipoem_500.jpg 




 https://storify.com/AthertonKD/veterans-on-ferguson

tweets from several veterans talking about how unprofessional these cops tactics are. pointing out how they obviously are untrained with their equipment...  




 The GOP is paid by corporate lobbyists who tell them that their bosses (corporations) don't want to follow EPA's rules because it cuts into their profits. 

Yeah, the GOP is usually racist but this theory is absurd. 

EDIT: Read: It's cheaper to buy a politician than comply with laws  




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BcSowHB6Lu0

youtube video talking about possibility... 




 Amazing Spiderman 2: (the last movie that drove me nuts)

- I know it's straight from the comic, but seeing it onscreen is ridiculous: everyone in Peter's life becomes a villain 

- They become a villain for no good reason (bad day, didn't get their way)

- Rhino has no problem barreling through Manhatten with an 18 wheeler, but he's polite enough to wait for Spidey to have a heart to heart with a child (seriously, he'd massacre both from behind)

- the crowd lines up for fights like it's a PPV wrestlemania. no one is running for their life...   




 you know how hard it is to find a good tailor in space that knows how to deal with coon crotch? don't think so... 




 not TV but...

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zx0ME65y72E 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zK0JaEde4VI  




 Why didn't Tony just aim to the left   shoot them directly? 
 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymltNm4p2VY 


 




 perhaps an achievement for playing every map...

hopefully there will be some tweaks to Waypoint for MCC,   an app for XBOX One  









 For those keeping score, they have actively tried to sway the public from video files (proven by the fact the XBOX ONE doesn't have a very basic feature, not difficult at all to implement). 

Music files are still accessible because people still buy music files. Go use Microsoft MUSIC   you'll see that it's poorly implemented though...

WMC from Win 7  Win 8 was nerfed. It's hammerheaded to use now that I've upgraded. 

WMC that was initially on 360   the WMC after the last update is shotty. 

- It's one of the only apps not pinnable to homescreen (actively made difficult to access). 
- Never appears in recent apps (again, so it's not convenient to use). 

The scope of their business is not limited to other computer OSs. Now, that they are in the Digital Rights business, I stand by my ground that they actively are avoiding this feature. 

So, no, I don't they are 'working' on making the XBOX One able to pull media files from a PC/Network. They are 'working' on going out of their way to avoid it. The reason we don't have it isn't because the people at Redmond can't get it to work yet... It could be done fairly easy. 

  Yes, I think they will eventually release it (read: begrudgingly). it will be because they have to due to pressure from fan base (thanks to threads like this) or else it's a feature all their competitors have, so they will as well.  




 jeebus, please have Anniversary DLC maps: we'll pay good moneys 

Beaver Creek, Headlong, Terminal... 




 It's Mike Mitchel 

http://sirmikeofmitchell.com/

he's great 

EDIT: Didn't have to Google Image Search or nothin...  




 but go through rush, meet some people...  




 Sure it wasn't aliens?  




 define: "attacked"  




 While that stat maybe true, they are punishing the 5% who have legit video files. Kids record files everyday on their phone. 

MSFT is forgetting their PC roots   too busy focusing on digital rights (  poorly executing that). 

EDIT: some jackass doesn't know what the downvote button is for (it's for replies that don't add to conversation, not to be used if you disagree) 




 they're not working on it. it was on the 360   they slowly took it away (ended up being worse)

same as Windows Media Center. MSFT assumes all video files are pirated movies.

They used to be in the PC business, but now they are selling digital rights. They're partnering with studios to sell TV / Movies. Except they aren't as cheap or convenient as, say, Amazon. 

Media files bought for 360 aren't accessible on the XB1. Other vendors sell digital rights for the lifetime of the user   on every platform for future generations. MSFT will have to make some changes if they are to survive this. 

MSFT is actively preventing this. They market the Xbox One as THE media center but it can't even pull files from a PC/Network... 




 The fact that Sony doesn't is reason enough for MSFT to implement this... show some initiative MSFT! 




 not every video file is a pirated movie.  




 for starters, MSFT was initially perceived as a monopoly before they had any real competition. have huge success   you draw out the haters... 

MSFT has opportunity after opportunity to do the right thing, but they usually balk. they make a bonehead decision   then their competitors do the right thing,   suddenly MSFT is on board. they 'see the light' 

EX: digital rights. People who bought items for their 360 don't have access to them on the XB1. Most other companies offer digital rights for a lifetime per user. They also offer that license across all their platforms   future generations... You're seeing MSFT starting to change this strategy (like they usually do)

Also, you don't see MSFT being as innovative as expected. They allow other companies to take the risk with the early adopters, but then they swoop in with their service.

I'm not a fan of Apple. They make their apps (quicktime, iTunes) intentionally run shitty on PCs. People blame the PC (MSFT, Windows) but it's usually the apps they choose to install being poorly designed / supported. (IE is a crappy browser compared to others). 

Speaking of, Apple people (read: cult) talk about how great the experience is, how well it runs, but Apple users are limited to what they can install. PC users have more freedom. If they don't install crap apps, they'd find windows isn't bad as an OS. 

Apple uses propitiatory hardware   jack up the prices. You can get a PC laptop waaay cheaper than an apple laptop. Apple cables are expensive. 

 I think iTunes is crap. They offer DRM riddled files. Opt for the files without the DRM into it   they charge you more? 

Zune was far superior to iPod. People still laugh when I give them a ride... 

 




 best commercial for ISPs ever 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ilMx7k7mso 




 If you are running Vista or XP, odds are that Windows 9 won't run well on that ancient computer. If this is some marketing ploy, the slow performance isn't much of a game changer. Also, odds are they don't know how to install new OSs or else they'd done it by now... only non-techies are running those OSs. 

If you are going to reward anyone, how about those who have supported MSFT more frequently? Incentive to remain loyal customers... 

Assuming this is true, why do companies offer deals to new customers   screw over existing ones? Grow a reputation of taking care of your customers is the best sway to get new ones   retain the old... 




 Hello,

I ran across your posts about this job opportunity. How would you prefer someone to send you a resume? 

Also, what is the name of your business? Where are you located?
(just in case any tea appreciators run across this) 
This is a great opportunity to advertise your business (I'm a marketing guy   like tea). 

Have a great day

 




 I hit up Five Guys @ arboretum, then hit up Amy's next door (I know what's for supper now)

PT Terrys is good. Mighty Fine. Alamo has great shakes too...

Edit: Culvers, Smashburger  




 ask him when he's done being racist   taking pics, perhaps he could check on this person's health?  




 remove the facemask for sure. players started using their heads when it was introduced...  




 because it's not ice cream, it's more like cool whip  




