




 Please check out my [website](http://www.train_subject6359.com) or post funny pictures on my [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Stuff-By-Ra/1524740101129114?fref=nf)! Thanks for looking. 









 Please check out my [website](http://www.train_subject6359.com) or post funny pictures on my [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Stuff-By-Ra/1524740101129114?fref=nf)! Thanks for looking. 









 Please check out my [website](http://www.train_subject6359.com) or post funny pictures on my [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Stuff-By-Ra/1524740101129114?fref=nf)! Thanks for looking. 









 the second one 




 GET OUT. 




 during my gap year i woke up whenever I wanted, got paid to get people drunk, and went out every single night I wasn't working and hated it because I thought I was bored. I want to go back in time and slap the shit out of gap year me. 




 ( o  o ) 




 what on earth are you talking about 




 geraffes r so dumb. they are just *long horses* 




 I usually open doors with my penis. it's more sanitary because who knows where my hands have been. 




 pics! I'm in med school and if I can get my lazy ass off reddit I'm hoping to go into ortho. 




 they should make one that fires French fries into my mouth 




 oops I got wooshed 




 howd you survive the 300 foot fall? 




 coincidentally her last name is Wheeler.

I love seeing people find creative ways to make lemonade out of some bitter, bitter lemons. 




 but you're on Reddit 




 funny you should say that because mine was horrible too. is that a thing? 




 The hole is actually the remnant of a miles-deep crater left in the Earth from when Zeus fucked it.

for the curious 




 the other day I was in my car and hungover and I coughed a bit of puke into my mouth and it tasted so gross that I ACTUALLY puked. but I couldn't fuck up my stylish German upholstery so I held the puke in with my hand and swallowed it.  




 May be it's some Lord of the rings shit where HE is actually no man and he is saying he wants you. 




 Ooo fuck yeah I remembered my head phones today 




 Chris...

...WTF 




 my bulk started in June. of 2005 




 oh my god I don't get this dumb trend. there is no such thing as a dwarf orca. they are just overpriced dwarf dolphins with a weird color morph. 




 her surroundings were so flame bro. [9] 




 Lesson 13. show up 5 hours earlier. 




 because he's a badass. or lying. 




 I like its self confident smirk 




 what? no. it's not low *enough* if your tires are still below your hood 




 lower taxes and unblurred dicks! it's what the people want and what the nation needs 




 bring your feel good love in and on my but. as always I better glow like a rainbow.

(    ) 




 why can't they show dicks? I'm genuinely curious.  




 let me be the 800th person to inform you that that's actually Jamie Oliver. hey did I mention that's Jamie Oliver? OH MY GOD DUDE DONT YOU GET IT YET? ITS JAMIE OLIVER. 




 thanks man. it's actually a quote from goodburger. I was just attempting to be funny :p 




 front looks unfinished but I can't help but like it 




 science 




 mhmm... mhmm... yep...

yeah I know some of these words 




 why this car can pull of the tron look and so few others can 




 there was a company that was dropping v8s in them if I remember correctly 




 I'm pretty sure people who claim they are harmful are confusing them with eunycids or some other type of nuisance worm 




 I picked the wrong day to sit in the front row of class 




 HAHAHA RIGHT GUYS? 




 it's like the car is trying to say LOOK AT THIS DEAD BODY. LOOK AT IT. 




 ah thanks. it's baffling why people like the BMW M3 so much when it's only got 3 speeds. (/s) 




 what does the M(number) on each photo mean? (please don't downvote me without answering the qiestion) 




 that's a quitters attitude 




 not anymore. everyone has an hd camera in their pocket these days. cell phones are getting ridiculous 




 moral of the story: read the whole ad before driving out to meet the guy 




 he makes up for them with his personality. 




 what was that other thing Hitler did? like that one really awful thing that history demonizes him for. ohhh yeah he had that stupid moustache! that's it. 




 I invented the universe and waited billions of years to upvote this.  




 oh please it was definitely staged. the leaf wasn't even plugged into anything. 




 this photo is actually pretty old. I would love to see how it looks now with everything grown out and a nice full lawn of green stars. and like a fire shrimp reading a book under the tree 




 I never understood why they didn't call it the nerd puffer. those buck teeth 




 depends on the size of the land. if the plot is the size of 3 soda caps then that amount of trash is basically enough to totally destroy the land. you see that? *these* are the questions we should be asking. 




 I was being completely serious 




 you and comic sans should be friends 




 legend has it that due to a time travelling mishap, this joke is several times older than the universe 




 nobody got your joke :p 




 thats not old spice, that's my wife! 




 elk linguist here. this comment makes me sad 




 that is amazingly cool 




 oh damn I ignored all the backgrounds and didn't realize it was that big. thought it was about the size of a dog. 




 /r/punchablefaces 




 a car that can barely jump a speed bump 




 so fine. so fine. 




 how is "nerd" a form of gluttony 




 furthermore, sea dragons are technically not dragons, as it is not possible to breath fire underwater. on your marks. get set. science 




 I... don't know what to believe anymore 




 I like you 




 now add a turbocharger! 




 can you give us a link to the Lambo you thought it was? I am legitimately curious. 




 don't feel bad. I clicked the picture and STILL thought it was a joke post until I saw the badge and the corners of the grill 




 I bleed red white and blue so it's a little upsetting to me that all these responders are dancing around the true answer. Americans like pickups because they are badass. 




 Bro don't you talk shit about Jesus. I saw him bench 350 the other day he will fuck you up. 




 awww two little shits kissing in a parking lot. reminds me of highschool 




 Professional shitty pet psychologist here: Your explanation is plausible but it's far more likely that this is the cats way of saying "Fuck you mom I do what I want." 




 because a muscular scotty dog is hilarious? looks a bit like teddy roosevelt 




 Professional shitty historian here: Lafayette's original ship was actually named after the character Hermione from J.K. Rowling's popular Harry Potter series. you sir... just got schooled. 




 OP SHOW US YOUR CAR GOD DAMMIT 




 close but scientifically speaking a cat is actually a non-newtonian substance. a liquid suspended in a matrix such that at rest it behaves like a fluid but under stress it behaves like a solid. on your marks. get set. science 




 nqphan2 is like Lucy pulling the football away after what should have been an easy setup. fucking Lucy 




 I'm drunk and a manchild so my opinion is probably irrelevant but I liked  this a lot. 




 oh my god when she beat will smiths lap time in the reasonably priced car was when I fell in love with her. 




 it's big enough that you could probably throw a couple tang in there. they don't need much space and they make great CUC 




 I want to tunnel into it and sleep there 




 it looks like one of those cool rocks that has been in a river for like 200 years and now it's smooth and perfect 




 don't try to understand hipsters 




 not a clue. I didn't click any of them actually 




 dude it is 140 years old I would think it would lose some accuracy in that time 




 Elmhurst 




 fine I updated the original comment. are you happy Reddit 




 makes sense to me. I resubmitted it as a single image. thanks 




 you just proved my point. look at that list of synonyms. it can mean something as innocuous as "weird" 




 http://imgur.com/a/AwaHo 









 oops. dammit 









 creepy is not synonymous with scary. the way she moves has an uncanny valley effect and it is kind of creepy imo

edit: *necessarily* synonymous* 




 how many hours of planning did that take I wonder. and it even hits the target 









 9000 acres of land or ONE lamborghini veneno. seriously what the fuck. 




 ouch my wallet hurts 




 to my pearly jawfish. What the hell happened to you? I pulled up all the rocks and searched every crevice in the carpet and not a trace. I like to imagine he eloped with a babe he met on the internet. 




 I GET THIS REFERENCE. guys I got this one. did you see? 




 Anthony bourdain (bordaine? bordain?) did a special on Copenhagen in Parts Unknown. one of the most unique food specials I have ever seen!!
 




 /r/iamverysmart

let me guess... PhD in philosophy 




 I want to see a gif of her being fed. oh OH and put a little underwater top hat on her! 




