 Playing each other  




 why 




 To be fair, the mobile phone menu system was used first in Saints Row, and worked much much better. Plus I'm prreeeetty sure the first Saints Row was the first game to use the whole circular bars filling up around the circular mini map thing that GTA 4 and tonnes of open world games now use. Maybe. 




 Oh yes! Awesome! Thank you! 




 Wow. Are we sure that first one isn't Louis Theroux? 




 Republican Space Rangers did a much better job at being a goofy political satire while actually still being a funny entertaining show. This just seemed ridiculous. 




 I really really hope the Annihilator is back  




 I find #18 very hard to believe 




 I'd rather they start a new separate sci-fi IP instead of changing GTA into something it's not 




 This is the kind of guy you hate, but kinda love to have around 




 I thought the very first series was okay. It was a pretty cool idea and had some genuinely frightening and haunting stuff beyond the shock gore-rape. All the rest is pretty terrible.  




 what the shit is a Mermantula  




 Wind effects would have been alright for flying vehicles and maybe long range weapons from tanks or jets or something, but it would get pretty annoying if simply shooting your guns or moved around you had to compensate for wind. 




 GTA 4 was about 7 square miles, San Andreas was 13 or 14 square miles. I think Red Dead Redemption was around 20?

The GTA 5 map includes underwater areas as well as the traversable landmass. 




 It was annoying, but it did feel more like an actual car radio than a wheel would 




 Samuel L Jackson and Chris Penn were both in San Andreas. Michael Madsen was in 3.

Plus if you count movies that were just written by Tarantino and directed by someone else, you got Danny Trejo, Michael Rapaport, Tom Sizemore and Dennis Hopper 




 In what way was he dickish? It seems like he'd be very anti-social. 




 Directed by Marc Webb, director of 500 Days of Summer and Amazing Spiderman 




 This is the one Xbox exclusive title I'll be  bummed about missing out on  




 The cast is great but everything looks really generic and flat.  




 Oh man you're right, that is totally the same dude. That's awesome. 




 Yeah, I totally agree with all of this, yet I loved this movie. All the things that made this movie a weird non-typical action movie with very little of the same Iron Man/Avengers/superhero movie stuff that we have seen before are exactly why I loved it. 




 You should watch the trailer for Sir Billy  









 I like how at 55 seconds in when the camera angle changes, the dog realizes it's been accidentally included in the shot and quickly leaves to avoid embarrassment  




 Huh I hadn't even heard of this movie before this. Looks good. 




 Well then I guess us Australians will never get it at all 




 Doesn't look like there's a spot for melee weapons in the new weapon wheel?  




 I never finished LOD and I never had any problems with the story  




 TBOGT was better than GTA 4 and LOD combined  




 He is the most youth-pastory looking youth-pastor of all time 




 Radio GaGa was already in the Michael trailer  




 Well I'd assume it's just a code you get with the game. Just don't enter the code. 




 This so accurately portrays my reaction to this whole train wreck  




 That was definitely footage from Red Dead Redemption 




 That guy's voice sounds suuuuper familiar

Edit: At first I thought it was Christopher McDonald, but now I think it's either H Jon Benjamin or Jason Sudekis 




 Well now I have to play that game 




 That's a pretty ugly tattoo. Well done technically, but just a bad idea. 




 Well this is Kevin Smith's Green Arrow so I guess he gets to put him wherever he wants 




 I think Vin Diesel said it takes place in Tokyo, LA and Dubai 




 Yeah she was super bland and boring 




 Donnie Darko? 




 It's already passed classification  




 Grant Morrison's Batman run is super long and crazy, so just RIP on it's own will probably be incoherent and unsatisfying. But if you want an insane and epic sprawling Batman story, it's totally worth it to pick up his entire run. It just ended last week I believe. 




 dang 




 Is this completely only on the Xbox, or is it one of those on the Xbox-first with exclusive extra content things? 




 Tom Cruise must be pissed 




 I really really liked Elysium. Didn't have as much world building or character development as I would have liked, it was a bit cheesy in parts, and the story wasn't great. But I thought it was a whole lot of fun and I was having a great time watching it. 

But I thought District 9 was very overrated and just as flawed as Elysium so I guess I'm just crazy. 




 29 isn't really true. Of course the actors in Alien knew an alien was going to burst out of John Hurts chest. Unless they somehow left it out of the script and none of the actors noticed when halfway through the scene the director yelled cut and they brought on a prosthetic body cavity and spent hours prepping the animatronics. In the making of on the special edition DVD they say they didn't know exactly how it would pop out and what it would look like, and they said they were surprised by how much blood there was.  




 The Chinese DVD of Godzilla 1984/5 has the Japanese track with English subtitles.

Pretty much all the DVDs I've found have both the dubs and the subtitles.  




 6 people think Rodan is the worst monster? Minilla and Gabera suck, and even though I love them, I can understand people not liking Mothra or Biollante or whatever, but how can you hate Rodan?  




 If it were delayed so as to be ported over to PS4, XboxOne and PC I wouldn't be AS pissed, but I'd still be pretty pissed. 




 Holy shit it stars Treat Williams 




 I was thinking of maybe getting this game to pass the time until GTA 5 comes out. Not really worth it now. 




 Pretty much any James Bond movie  




 Holy shit. Now I'm really afraid to go back and rewatch all the older Steve Oedekerk stuff I used to think was hilarious when I was a kid. Was it all this bad? And fucking terrifying?

EDIT: Oh man Biff is in this 




 Guy on the far left is the protagonist from Liberty City Stories, next to him is Claude from GTA 3. Playing the Playstation is Niko from GTA 4, and CJ from San Andreas is above him with the jetpack. The guys arm wrestling are from Vice City Stories and Lost and Damned, the guy behind them dancing with the girl is Luis from Ballad of Gay Tony. Tommy Vercetti from Vice City is chilling on the couch, guy on the far right is Michael from GTA 5, and the asian dude in the elevator is from Chinatown Wars. Trevor and Franklin are unfortunately missing from this picture. 




 Doesn't Flea from the Red Hot Chili Peppers show up in that scene also? 




 That took me out of the movie something fierce 




 Huh. I would have thought 32 would be more reasonable 




 What's the top gear reference? 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage list=PLCbnPrACOv8psnu68BfpYy_9ihtmhJekD v=OHrD84Y309c t=3229  




 James Marsden! 




 My favourite episode 




 Scott Derickson didn't make those movies  




 Looks like Vice City 




 I want that guy to do an AMA  




 Yeah but why are they called that  




 I thought the idea was that the Dude was really the true 'Big' Lebowski from the perspective of the story we got  




 Oh lord please let there be an Opie and Anthony radio channel with Jim Norton 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=XOsLZ0lSqpg t=39 




 Ninja is one half of the band Die Antwoord. They have a significantly large cameo role in this film.  




 And then find out how it got burned 




 He has two lines in this trailer 




 Well they do say they have to "tell our boys what they can and cannot blow up" so while this movie is probably concerning a particular group of men on a particular mission where they're saving art from the Nazis, it looks like they might at least acknowledge the fact that the Allies are a danger to cultural icons as well. 




 I'm gay now  




 The GiantBomb Quick Look of this game is one the funniest goddamn things on the internet. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdAW5FVj5n0 




 Looks about the same to me. 7 stations, each with about 15 or so songs.

None of them seem that great except for maybe The Mix, just for how fun and silly those songs would be to play with. 




 Holy fuck 




 I've said it before but I'll say it again. There are really not enough videos/captions of these sorts of cuckolding threesomes around. Amazing. 




 Was getting caught a part of his plan? I thought he just got caught.  




 Denzel as Malcolm, Oldman as Vicious, Blanchett as Dylan, Phoenix as Cash, and Kingsley as Gandhi are all pretty great.

The rest not so much 




 The third act sucked but the last couple minutes of the movie are awesome 




 Killing is badong  




 "Yeah you ain't never seen no shit like this! Hella dinosaurs like crazy!" 




 Mel Gibson looks like he's having a lot of fun. He might be a dick but I really like him as an actor. 

Also the voice on the phone at the start really sounds like Clooney. 




 There was an anal probe gun that anally probed people to death and made their heads explode.  




 This has been known for a while. It's called Chappie and Yolandi and Ninja from Die Antwoord are in it. They even mentioned it in a song a while ago.  




 I just realized that Robin Williams poster was a nod to the terrible film 'Jack' 




 Transformers 4? 




 I like it a lot, but I dunno, I think it's moving a little too fast. It's only a ten issue series so it might not have the time it needs to really flesh out the story.

I love the premise, I love the build up, I love the mystery, I love this huge epic storyline they're trying to craft, I love all the ideas, but whenever something really spooky or interesting or atmospheric seems to be coming, the issue either ends, or we have some monster movie horror action jammed in. I feel like this book would be perfect if it was allowed to be a little slower and more tense and restrained. 




 I bought Mortal Kombat and the uncensored Left 4 Dead 2 from the UK and they both went through customs just fine 




 As an Australian, THANK CHRIST 




 No that part is pretty normal, the fact that its going grey is not so normal 




 No way. The suit is fine for the Toho films, but it simply wouldn't work at all for modern Western Audiences. I love the suit and the miniatures, they're really fun and great to look at, but CGI can do so much more than a suit can. It can move so much more realistically and perform in a much more advanced way. For the direction the 2014 Godzilla movie is going, a suit would not work at all. CGI is the best possible way to make a serious realistic and dynamic modern Godzilla movie for a wide audience.

The problem with the 1998 Godzilla movie, wasn't the CGI, it was everything else. CGI is a great amazing tool that can do mindblowing things that couldn't be done otherwise. It's all about how you use it. 




 Chew is funny but I wouldn't put it anywhere near this level  




 I dunno it looks like a pretty good truck to me 




 Eh probably not 




 He doesn't really physically look like Rick Moranis at all, but his character in Pacific Rim was totally intentionally supposed to be Rick Moranis inspired 




 Wow, do you have any more pics of those figures, they look awesome! Where'd you get them? 

I've really been wanting to start getting some Godzilla figures recently. 




 Yeah I'm South Australian, and whenever I visit the East Coast people always think I'm English  




 Probably because you met Australians who were traveling and vacationing. There are tonnes of antisocial angry dicks here.  




 I used to have a pet kangaroo. They're huge as shit, destroy everything, and can kill you with a single kick.  




 Hey baby, why don't we take that bra ooffuuuaauunnngghh... I'm so sorry. 




 Pacific Rim Kaiju are all mostly larger, but Toho Kaiju seem way more powerful and intelligent.  




 This was the first Godzilla film I ever saw  




 When I saw it in theaters there wasn't even a chuckle throughout that whole part where they were both getting drunk. It was awkward.  




 Did he fire into the air like a stray rocket while his shoes stayed smoking on the ground?  




 I know of a lot of people who think that movie supports the views of Ed Norton's character 




