 Enough with all these cooking competition and 'rescue' shows. Show me how to make something good or show me where to find the best stuff to eat without forcing me to endure Bro Fieri. 




 PLOT TWIST: Road Head! Better call in the SWAT Team! 




 Yep. Duke's or GTFO 




 Also distant relative to 80's New Wave band Oingo Boingo https://youtu.be/Jm-upHSP9KU 




 Growing up in West Michigan (now considered a craft beer hot spot) my first time trying Bell's was in the late 90's while visiting friends at Western in Kalamazoo for a football game one weekend. 

During that weekend visit we went to Bell's brewery (think I was 22) and I tasted and then drank several pints of awesome beers that got me much drunker than your standard Bud Light (coupled with a concert out back with the local Kalamazoo band Knee Deep Shag).

The beers I remember most were: Oberon, Two Hearted IPA, and Java Stout. Those 3 kinda changed my life as far as getting into beer. Before that it was all mainly high school and college keg parties with Busch Light, MGD, PBR Tall Boys or 40's of Malt Liquor because we all listened to gangsta rap and wanted to be like Ice Cube.

Today's beer hipsters may say Bell's or Sam Adams are too big or mainstream now. But you gotta remember 15-20 years ago nobody was really doing these kinds of beers or at least had any real distribution so it was pretty cool to have something like Bell's and also have it made in your backyard.

So now and forever: Cheers to Bell's from me. HopSlam is pretty good too (but IPA's are not that interesting to me anymore) and I've been out of the loop on other Bell's special beers and have some new favorite breweries these days. But I do still stock up on my 3 Bell's favorites whenever I come home to Michigan. :-) 




 To be fair, this person may lose their job on this movie set, but it was a judgment call to post the video and this hero decided the Internet needed some Quaid Rage. And they were right. Totally worth it. 




 Wow. Amazing. Both Dennis and Randy are at the top of their crazy game right now. 




 Has anyone ever answered more AmA questions? You seem genuinely excited to be here and have much more of a rsum and following than I knew. Stay cool. Definitely not a Rampart situation. 









 I've got a Tahoe Limited (last of that GMT400 era) and I still love it. Great looking trucks. Everything since then hasn't 'done it' for me. Gonna give it an LSX heart transplant at some point and retire the old 350 SBC. Also a 4L80 instead of 4L60. 




