 couldnt care less that he banked it. im just pissed they didnt call the fuckin travel on Butler two possessions earlier. nigga took 4 steps 




 no it wasnt. falling away off target. lucky he got glass 




 make up no call for the no travel call 




 NICE TRAVEL GOOD GOD 




 lebron to TT lob? 




 he just cant hold the ball for all 24 seconds of a possession. spot him up in the corner. run some other action 




 Yo, those two Lebron buckets were so insanely clutch. Props, King.  




 Doesn't matter of he's hurt. If he's out there, he has to have an impact.  




 Why isnt shump in the game. I want him in for Kyrie now 




 ball dont lie.  




 I want Delly playing the 1, Kyrie and Shump spreadin the floor, and Lebron and Tristan beastin in the paint.  




 haha 35 game seconds. it's something, i guess 




 Ball dont lie 




 A Kevin Love commercial... :'( why? why do this to us? 




 God I love everyone on this team right now.  




 No rest 




 i want delly 




 Lebron just executed a one-man trap. Wow.  




 Lebron, you gotta make a layup bruh. No excuses.  




 Tristans effort just brings a tear to my eye. He needs a gift basket or something 




 Wake up tomorrow like how the fuck did i get here? last i remember, Bitch ass Noah was talkin some noise and i got pissed off and rose up and.... 




 Let's be real, if Mozgov catches the ball a couple more times, we're up by more and have less TO's. So, he gotta step up.  




 Catch it high, keep it high, have bouncy feet, lay it up. dont have to power jam every time. get the points.  




 a virgin who's had sex for the first time.... so he's taking every shot because he's the fuckin man in his head? nah 




 yo i know Kyrie is hurting, but he needs to tape it up at the half and get goin. we need him 




 DELLY 




 he cant go to the rim. refs arent calling shit. cant hit a jumper. fucj 




 DAMMIT. GET A HANDLE AND DUNK ON PAUS UGLY ASS FACE 




 yo when he hits a 3, he typically starts to find a groove with his jumper. not always, but most times. hopefully he can find it tonight 




 not this again lebron 




 mozgovs in the way 




 good god mazgov cant catch 




 Hence, the joke 




 So Lebron can advance and so CP3 can't. Rose plays worse with one day of rest and CP3 would benefit too much from extra time off. It's all a conspiracy, man 




 http://imgur.com/33e5gfR 




 When that first track started, I coulda sworn Make It Rain was about to start blarin 




 hahahah cardale joinin the FUCK NOAH HYPE TRAIN YEEAAAAHHHHH 




 TRISTAN "I WANT THE MAX TOO BOSS" THOMPSON 




 Their best shot with our worst=7 point loss
Us just playing aggressive and them not shooting well= complete blowout from start to finish 




 wish mike woulda faked the swing pass and splashed that one tho 




 One of the best teammates in the league according to the guys he has played with. Always love having guys like that 




 Remember that "one day of rest for Rose" stat? Yeah, I'm really excited about that one.  




 You right!  




 agreed. missing more than you make isn't efficient, but it's definitely not bad 




 always 




 13 for 28? damn. not very efficient but ill take it 




 play according to what the coach assumes theyre gonna do. watch their plays, how they react. it is what it sounds like. you feel out the game and decide what you need to do 




 He didnt establish back in bounds. bad no call 




 He didn't take a game off. It was a "feel-out" game. If you've ever watched him in the playoffs, you know he always feels out what theyre going to do before deciding how he needs to play.  




 nah bro 




 CAN MOZGOV CATCH TO SAVE HIS DAMN LIFE GOOD GOD 




 UUUGGHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!! AAAAANNNNDDDDD OOONNNEEEEEEE 




 I would like to take this opportunity to publicly admit how incredibly wrong i was about Mike Miller. Forgot that, ya know, he's old and slow. Apologies fam. I am dumb.  




 For real. Have JR come off with that second group instead of Delly.  




 X-Ray finishing moves, Mortal Kombat style. Just waiting for the Fatality 




 Beast mode: Activated
http://imgur.com/sbPdr0w 




 HINRICH LITTLE BITCH ASS ISNT WORTHY OF A HARD FOUL ON YOU KING. RAGE, RAGE AGAINST FOULS OF THE BULLS 




 Attack Mode: Activated
 




 This is the basis of Better Call Saul's opening episode.  




 haha i'm 19. and i dont give a shit. that movie was the bomb 




 Bruh, when he tossed Zoey in front of that train hahahaha I was like OH SHIT HE'S MURDEROUS PSYCOPATH HAHAHA 




 The obvious choice 




 Still my favorite movie all time.  




 Yeah, that's how I felt about 3 before I saw it. I'm not gonna go into it with any preconceived notions. It'll probably be the shit.  




 giggity 




 The hell is a mother lawyer? the mother of all lawyers? you need a better edumacation 




 watch the tape boss 




 lol. didnt know he was gonna be guarding pau fuckin gasol. that's coaching, not him. he has to be in with that TT, Mozgod, Lebron, Kyrie group to spread the floor 




 Nope, Shump on Butler. He is a better wing defender right now 




 Contesting shots isn't about your vertical. And you don't contest a shooter like him. You run him off the 3. Hence, the tiredness I spoke about. Not that hard to comprehend 




 You gotta watch off ball more. They literally have him running off baseline screens and down screens for the entire first quarter.  




 I would watch the shit outta that movie 




 of course he can handle him. but he's gonna be worn out from handling him, which is going to reduce his drives. resulting in more chunk up, late clock, flat jump shots.  




 hahahah take it. you don't question Iron man's past 




 You put TT in the starting slot and you have Lebron chasing Dunleavy off of screens for the first 8 minutes of the game, which is when he needs to set the tone offensively by getting to the rim with fresh legs. So unless he and Shump are gonna switch, I don't know if TT starting is the answer 




 We had one good quarter and three shitty ones and only lost by 7 after taking their best shot. We're fine.  




 ^^^ THIS 




 Lebron is notorious for playing game 1 as a feel out game. Meaning, he takes their best shot, analyzes it, and makes adjustments to counter it. DONT FREAK OUT EVERYBODY. WE CAN DO THIS. Past few times he's played the Bulls in a series he lost game one and handed em a gentleman's sweep by beating them in 5. So dont worry, we can do this. We're fine.  




 JUST A REMINDER
http://imgur.com/BLNqeFL
 




 6 TO's. Missed 13 shots. That's a bad game for Lebron standards. He has to step up. He has to average 25 10 and 10 for this team to win 




 Ehhem... http://imgur.com/BLNqeFL 




 WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK LEBRON 




 This is the lineup we gotta keep. Playin well on this stretch 




 Good things happen when Lebron drives to the rim. Always 




 LEBRON IS BEING A BITCH. GO TO THE RIM HOLY SHIT 




 indeed 




 He has to make that one though 




 I like bully-on-the-block Lebron 




 MIKE MILLER BABY HELL YEAH 




 THAT WAS SO NASTY MY GAWD 




 http://imgur.com/VK7vyHQ 




 UNCLE DREW IS THE MAN MY LAWD 




 Offseason to do list:
-Get knock-down 3 point shooters
-get a solid backup 4/5 who can play similar to Kev
 




 THESE REFS. GOOD GOD. PLANNING THEIR MURDER AS WE SPEAK 




 That was the worst opening quarter possible. Can only go up from here 




 lol, this guy tryna tell you to ease into it. smoke it all, you deserve it 




 Yo, bruh... fuck Noah 




 Thanks fam 




 I'm telling you Cavs fam, Mike is a playoff performer. Get ready 




 *Faptually correct 




 it's pretty freakin cold, but not unpleasant. did it like 20 times in high school for basketball. helped me (torn acl) recover and heal faster so i could actually play. getting out of it is awesome bc your whole body feels a rush of warmth 




 farenheit. and it's only for about 2-3 minutes. no damage is done. helps recovery and boosts energy. have one of these places where im from and used it all the time before/after games in high school 




