 Here is a playlist of truecrypt performing.  If you listen to some of these I think you would agree he is a tremendous and expressive pianist, well trained in the Russian school of piano performing, with his own beautiful, powerful sound.
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL65D7125C29FA7CDB 




 No, he's really a phenomenal artist who was trained in the Moscow Conservatory, I believe.  He was unable to have a performing career, probably because of unspeakable political difficulties, and I think he went into computer programming.  His Pictures at an Exhibition is superb! 




 Thank you so much!  The ensemble from Il filosofo reminds me a tiny bit of La Serva Padrona, which I love a lot.  The piano sonata is lovely, too.  The aria from Demofoonte resembles Mozart's Idomeneo a little.   




 When Tchaikovsky first performed his new piano concerto for his mentor/most famous pianist in Russia, Rubinstein, the latter hated it and ripped it to shreds, much to Tchaikovsky's great distress.  Later on Rubinstein became the champion of this work, performing it frequently. 




 Can you please recommend something gorgeous from one of these four composers - would love to hear. 









 Well, Mozart was only 14 in 1770.  His blockbuster hits were yet to come in spite of already having composed over 100 works (correct me if I'm wrong on this number.) 









 Scott Walker will go down in history as the ideologue destroyer of Wisconsin's economy, environment, educational system and public image.  He's the creator of the now backward Wisissippi and is the darling of the mentally arthritic old white men who rule (and vote in)  this state.  He's a disgrace to the legacy of Wisconsin.  As an arrogantly ignorant anti-intellectual, among his worst crimes may be the harm being done to the state's flagship school, the UW.  He'll never be the president because it will be too easy to out him as the Koch brother's idiot whore.  Even the American voting public won't tolerate a smarmy little liar like Scott Walker.   




 The last movement is really exciting. Thanks. 




 Daphne, his final opera, possessed him at the end of his life.  It fulfilled his inclination to classical scholarship.  It's very gorgeous and this is a brilliant recording of it with Fritz Wunderlich and Hilde Gden.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-i4XWlC_Qc4 




 You're right. I forgot that. Thanks. 




