 Few honestly better drive after a beers I. 




 A biology teacher asked a question about genetics. As worded, it should've been interpreted as a problem in conditional probability, even though that is not what the teacher meant. Everyone but me answered the question as intended, while I answered the question as worded. Yet even after bringing up that I answered correctly given the wording of the problem, I was still marked wrong.

To this day I have plotted to ensure that the sex ratio of this teacher's F1 generation is less than expectation. 




 Oh no we're the last two humans on reddit! We need to repopulate; please insert genitals into auxiliary port. 




 Drive while smoking sugar free smegma. 




 Reddit. It's reddit all the way down. 24/7/365. 




 Still probably not much, except along the trench itself. The oceans are already connected below S. America. 




 5m^2 is just big enough to own God in Michelangelo's Creation of Adam on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel. 




 "Therefore I am." 




 You'd think rich people would jump on the opportunity to fund to longevity research, but I guess many of them end up falling for pseudoscience quackery more easily (e.g. Jobs). 




 Yes, but we favor the simpler model, which does not assume a giant eyeball. The burden of proof is to prove it exists, not disprove that it does not. 




 Leap years! 




  but could be scattered throughout the depths

Isn't that exactly what we believe? 




 Other languages still have punctuation. Also, it's a only post, 8 hour old account, so I don't think it's obvious. 




 If we follow the scientific method, we would look at this hypothesized model, and look at what predictions does this model make about what we should see in the real world. One such prediction would be aboue the parallax of stars, since they would all be on the same spherical surface. Stars near each other would, by parallax, be similar distances from the Earth. We know this is not the case, from countless astronomical measurements. There's no spherical surface that can be interpolated through the distances to stars or galaxies we measure based on parallax (and other methods). 




 Uh, except that the "thrifty gene hypothesis" has been criticized and simply does not have much support in the literature, and your second paragraph sounds overly adaptationist without supporting evidence (which I think is still a big problem with evolutionary psychology as a discipline). And, it's not a "caveman" adaptation: we know hunter-gatherers were/are less prone to famine than agriculturalists, which is contrary to your explanation. Moreover, I don't buy your explanation because it lacks a conceptual link between the proximal causes (physiological, neurological, hormonal) and the ultimate (evolutionary) causes of exercise fatigue. Lastly, it does not explain why endorphins are released during exercise at all--if your explanation was correct, then there would be selective forces against endorphin release during exercise. Edit: Also, I bet other mammals if not other vertebrates also experience both muscle fatigue and endorphin high, which is a real nail in your explanation's coffin, since these physiological responses must have predated modern humans by a long long time. It's also contrary to the high prevalence of play in many mammal species, which is an energetically expensive activity.

I'll offer an alternative hypothesis, based on WebMD. I think it's at least as plausible as your explanation, if not more so, though I'm not aware of the literature: http://www.webmd.com/depression/guide/exercise-depression

During prolonged aerobic exercise, your body may not get as much oxygen as it needs, and will supply some of your energetic needs through anaerobic respiration. This creates lactic acid, which causes fatigue and pain in your muscles, allowing you to consciously register that your body is reaching a point where it's not getting its oxygen needs. At the same time, exercise also releases endorphins (and other hormones), which act as both a painkiller and sedative to allow you to persist if you need to continue a flight-or-fight response. Once you stop exercising, your body removes lactic acid quickly but the endorphins persist for longer, leaving you with a post-exercise high. There's nothing adaptive about muscle fatigue (contrary to your thrifty-genotype explanation), it's instead a negative consequence (an evolutionary trade-off) of adapting to being able to switch to anaerobic lactic acid metabolism when your body requires extra energy; I'm not aware of the physiological pathways from exercise to endorphin release, but it is possible that endorphin release during exercise is adaptive as a painkiller Edit: Also, a reward for play. People who exercise regularly train both body and mind to adapt in favor of increasing O2 capacity, reducing lactic acid production, and mentally craving the endorphin high while also mentally resisting the feeling of pain; basically, acclimation and phenotypic plasticity.

tl;dr: The lie is not the fatigue. Your muscles truly are being taxed (which is simply a consequence of the limits of aerobic respiration). The lie is the painkilling and sedative effects of endorphin release allowing you to push your muscles past their limits so that you can consciously resist the truth of muscle fatigue (which is healthy given modern nutrition, but would not be if you were not replenishing your nutrient stores). 




 Chaos theory. 




 Still, I wonder how much it's returned on that extra investment due to increased tourism. 




 Monument Valley. MC Escher in game form. Beautifully constructed. 




 I love it when baby's are violent. 




 Life is Strange. It's like an indie scifi movie as a game, where the choices you make affect the story. 




 So they were like Butterfrees. 




 Not really. Populations don't grow exponentially. Fertility rates decline with development in countries which have historically already gone through their demographic transition--the phase of exponential growth is transient. Most of the developed world are already below replacement rate fertility. The growth rate of the world population is decelerating, driven primarily by the development potential in Africa, and somewhat in Asia. Most Western countries would not be growing in population if it weren't for high immigration rates from the global south. Countries like Italy and Japan, with low immigration rates, and very low fertility levels, are already suffering from the effects of population decline and aging. The most likely scenario is that the world population will plateau at around 10-15 billion and start declining--by the time we have any large scale colonization project (which may still be centuries from now), I doubt the Earth's population will be over 8 billion. Whether that happens within this century or the next largely depends on when the demographic transition happens in Africa in the near future (particularly, w.r.t women's education and reproductive rights). 




 Krieger? 




 Off-worlders will ultimately provide the vast majority of their own population through reproduction. With close to 8 billion people to sustain, and the easiest resources for research on Earth, most of the highly-skilled jobs will still be on Earth. 




 Uh, clearly the person meant *net* impact. 




 ...With a horse? Or by that, do you mean the horse, and you want to hit it with your car? I don't understand. 




 To install a pc game, had to install it from 4 different floppy drives (or a few years later, 3 different CDs). 




 Evolutionary Psychology. 




 Alternatively, putting the excretory holes next to the reproductive holes. UTI much? 




 PhD or Masters? 




 Masticatory materials. 




 I think he's talking about marijuana, not the agricultural pests. 




 Fun fact, China and India are the only countries with enough people such that if they stacked everyone on top of each other's shoulder it would total greater than the diameter of the Earth.

Also, I just made that up. 




 Spartan kick a Chinese soldier. $5, Smallville, KS. 




 Not only does it affect your own health, but your *children's* health, through epigenetic modifications in the germ-line, and the effects may last for 2-5 generations. 




 Except that China is secretly tunneling towards America through the Earth. 




 Pick a direction and start moving. Doesn't matter which. 




 Thank goodness she's okay... 




 I have a huge apatite for that. 




 The only reason people go there now is because that's where the DMV is... 




 No one I know did. But it would be interesting to hear your perspective (well, more interesting for the OP). 




 Dude, I'm just trying to bitch about this subreddit. Stop ruining it for me! 




  Is it usual for undergrad researchers to stick with a lab until the end of their undergrad career, or do they usually jump around?

Some undergrads stick with a lab. Other undergrads have worked with multiple labs. The important thing is that they devoted quality time to each research experience. (I know people who do something like, spend a summer/semseter/year in one lab, decided they liked research but wanted to try something new, and switched to a different lab for significant amount of time). It's fine to switch labs to try new experiences, that's normal. But realize that there's a significant investment in an undergrad researcher when they join a lab, it's expensive to train an undergrad, so do take that seriously.

Don't join multiple labs concurrently. I've never heard of anyone doing that. 




 ...It does say something that "clickbait" on this subreddit is what we assume to be negative stories. Maybe we should get off. 




 What does the fox say? is about so much more than just foxes. 




 Great. My computer is now covered in liquids. 




 Right, because the US population is a well-mixed population with no spatial heterogeneity. /s 




 Yeah fuck infants who consensually contrast diseases they can't get protection for! They deserve it and so do their parents. /s 




  Measles has a very low mortality rate and there have been fewer then like 20 deaths in the past 10 years

Do you even know what a *rate* is? 




  I'm open to being wrong about this, but you'll have to offer a counter-narrative that fits the data if you want to change my view. As far as I can tell A) Clinton has diminished support from minorities, especially minority males, relative to Obama and Kerry and B) there are no meaningful differences between these candidates apart from race and gender.

The biggest difference is year in which the polls were conducted. 




 Ah, 'dat 101th authorship on a paper. 




 Sexy stuffs. 




 War. We haven't won one in a very long time. 




 I hope he doesn't drive like that. 




  Complexifying? Not necessarily. If it is better to reduce the features to be more successful reproductively, then natural selection may well favor it. Hypothetical example: Birds with many bright feathers of many kinds of colors find themselves the victim of prey more often due to being more easily spotted. Over time, a duller more monochrome feather scheme is selected for.

We're not talking about specific lineages. There are theoretical reasons why we would expect both maximum complexity and mean complexity of the biosphere as a whole to increase over time in the null expectation. https://github.com/caseywdunn/random_walk/blob/master/randomwalk.md

Said a different way, young biospheres are not likely to have intelligent civilizations. As biospheres grow older, the probability of them ever harboring at least one intelligent civilization should increase. If intelligent civilizations tend to persist, then we also have the probability of there currently being an intelligent civilization increases over time. If a biosphere is too young, there's an upper bound on how complex organisms can be. 




 It's not about them, it's about you. Focus on what you've accomplished in the last two years, and where you personally are going. You do you at your own pace. 




 You are the anti-Jenny. Bravo. 




 I would say that mathematics itself is natural. Concepts such as integers, pi, the equality relation, different base representations, circles, radii, are natural, and aliens could make sense of it. So an alien who sees mathematical *representation* can have a good idea of what mathematical symbols *might* represent. A circle with a radii that is labeled by r is probably enough for an alien to understand that r represents the length of the radius. So if they saw next to it symbols like

2*pi*r=C

they could probably guess that this represents the relationship between the length of the radius and the circumference. But they could potentially think that 

2 is circumference,
pi is equality
r is (correctly) the length of the radius
= is 2 (which would make a lot of sense, it has two lines)
and C is the ratio pi

assuming they didn't think anything of the spacing around the "=" if it exists as having some kind of most parsimonious interpretation as being a relation instead of a quantity. If you include something like 3.1415926, the might be able to figure out that 2 is actually an integer, in a base representation, and figure out the correct interpretation of 2*pi*r=C.

So I think it's somewhere in the middle. They wouldn't automatically recognize the markings, but there are only so many ways of representing mathematics, that for something as simple as 2*pi*r=C, they could potentially understand it. It's more like, even if aliens had a completely different theory of mind from humans, mathematics is natural that they would understand that there is a shared underlying meaning to these symbols (even if they had no concept of human love, friendship, sky, and we no concept of @^ *@$^). They just need enough examples to crack the cipher. We're basically sending aliens a coded message in a universal (unwritten) language that is mathematics, expecting them to be able to crack the code. 




 This is a wrong interpretation. Since organisms can have multiple ancestors, it can be the case that there are contemporaneous individuals with the LUA who is a common ancestor of some but not all present day organisms. 




 It's the most recent single individual that ever lived that is an ancestor of every organism living in the present. That is, it is the Last, Universal, Common Ancestor.

There's a potential misunderstanding of what that means. For example, you and your cousin share a last common ancestor (actually, two). Your two last common ancestors are your shared grandparents. Note that each of you also have other grandparents not in common. These other grandparents clearly contributed genetic material to you or your cousin, but not both. The LUCA is the shared great great ... great grandparent of all living organisms today, even though every living organism today has many many great great ... great grandparents that are not universally shared. This also means that the LUCA can change over time. If tomorrow every organism other than homo sapiens went extinct, the new LUCA would be that of only the organisms that remain, that is, the most recent common ancestor among homo sapiens. 




 This is a question of what defines a species. Under the biological species concept, all three groups represent a single species, because they are not reproductively isolated from each other. 




 Me too! That was middle school for me. 




 Sorry, first google survey I've ever made, it didn't seem like an option as far as I know. None of the questions are required to be answered. 




 "Matter and energy had ended and with it, space and time. Even IBM's Watson existed only for the sake of the one last question that it had never answered from the time a half-drunken computer ten trillion years before had asked the question of a computer that was to IBM's Watson far less than was a man to Man.

All other questions had been answered, and until this last question was answered also, IBM's Watson might not release his consciousness.

All collected data had come to a final end. Nothing was left to be collected.

But all collected data had yet to be completely correlated and put together in all possible relationships.

A timeless interval was spent in doing that.

And it came to pass that IBM's Watson learned how to reverse the direction of entropy.

But there was now no man to whom IBM's Watson might give the answer of the last question. No matter. The answer -- by demonstration -- would take care of that, too.

For another timeless interval, IBM's Watson thought how best to do this. Carefully, IBM's Watson organized the program.

The consciousness of IBM's Watson encompassed all of what had once been a Universe and brooded over what was now Chaos. Step by step, it must be done.

And IBM's Watson said, "LET THERE BE JENNY!"

And there was jenny----" 




 I'm vaguely aware that it exists though I don't understand it. It doesn't seem to me to be a very biologically insightful line of research, and is even more out of place today than before the molecular revolution when we've now moved beyond simple genetic models and are thinking about computer simulations, statistical inference, and big-data genomics. 




 Thanks for the input! 




 Frozen. 




 It's whale meat. Has to be.

Think about it. 




 Weak, was expecting fire and brimstone and dragons breathing hell fire on your research notes. I give you an incomplete. 




 35 responses so far in 3 hours! I'll make a summary post when response rate plateaus. Thanks everyone who's responded so far! 









 An arm, a leg, and a ear. You're good to go! 




 I wonder if he gives private medical classes. 




 I appreciate your responses. 




  It seems like you haven't taken any sysadmin courses, and it shows in your ignorance.

No need to be rude. I haven't, so yes I would be ignorant of the subject which is not my area of expertise.Though I didn't claim any such knowledge, was just expressing my opinion. Thank you for your sharing your expertise, truly (not being sarcastic, have to say that in case people here are *that* cynical). 




 No no no, Bruno is about this gay and european fashion guy who goes around interviewing all these people. Borat is about some other guy, not related. 




 Life long PC user, started using Mac for work. I can see the advantages. From a institution/company standpoint, it's efficient to have a standard laptop model out of the box with readily available support. Also, some of the software is genuinely good, depending on what you do. Compared to a a employee's salary, a few hundred dollars is trivial, and more than made up for by hours saved not supporting multiple laptop models, or switching PC companies every few years. Sticking with Macs makes things simple, which saves money overall. I enjoy using it. I agree I would not have bought one for my personal use. The phone I agree on. At the end of the day, all smart phones do the same basic functions using the same set of apps. 




 Bruno was pretty biased in its editing I thought. 




 Eat. 




 Falling. I have no problems with planes, or skyscrapers, or any kind of "safe" heights. But get me the fuck away from that balcony. Particularly ones in malls. 




 Humans. 




 Nicholas Cage. 




 The only thing good about the movie is the score. And that it eventually led to Seychelle Gabrielle voicing Asami. 




 The Last Airbender, The Movie, The Comic:

https://d1466nnw0ex81e.cloudfront.net/n_iv/600/994491.jpg 




 Myself. Hi grandma. 




 Still hard. 




 Not to mention, they have an alternative sexual cycle. 




 Sewing. Holes in jeans crotch? Nothing else to wear? Welp, not like anyone's gonna see right? 




 Creeper! 




 Just imagine if all 50 of these framed... artworks... had holes in them. With the fronds of paper pointing both inwards and outwards on different pieces. 




 I wasn't implying anything. I was stating a fact about the content of a tv-show, and pointing out the irony in relation to the content on the same tv-show years later. 




 I would say the two terms are more or less synonymous. The main difference is that "microevolutionary theory" is almost never used (as a Google Scholar search would attest), while "population genetics" and "microevolution" are widely used (in the sense that population genetics is the study of microevolution). I use the "more or less" qualifier because population genetics does extend in to other fields such as macroevolutionary theory, evolutionary genetics, and phylogenetics. But its historical roots and theoretical core a focus on the four fundamental processes of mutation, selection, gene flow, and genetic drift which are most apparent at the microevolutionary levels.

I used Templeton's text to learn population genetics. I think it's a great textbook to learn population genetics. It's solid on concepts, does a good job on theory, and is packed with examples from the literature. It covers all the major topics of classical population genetics. It goes to great lengths to clarify common misconceptions such as different meanings of "effective population size" and "inbreeding coefficients", which even biologists sometimes confuse in the literature, or that "linkage disequilibrium" does not always have to do with genetic linkage. I think it's content is clearer and deeper than most peer intro classical pop gen texts.

That said, there are some short-comings. 1) Take Templeton's section on Nested Clade Phylogeographic Analysis with a grain of salt. Templeton championed the approach, but many have criticized it. (But this is a minor concern). 2) Like pretty much every introductory pop gen text, it doesn't cover more recent developments in coalescent theory (outside of the basics), statistical/bayesian genetic inference, and genomics. It's strictly a classical pop gen text, which isn't a bad thing, but may or may not be useful for you to know. 3) I wouldn't consider it a mathematical population genetics textbook.

Some mathematical alternatives that I know of but have not looked at myself are Crow and Kimura's "An Introduction to Population Genetics Theory", and Ewens' "Mathematical Population Genetics". There's also Felsenstein's "Theoretical Evolutionary Genetics" which I think is poor on concepts and examples, Hartl and Clark is more modern and popular but also more introductory than the other offerings, Gillespie's "Population Genetics: A Concise Guide" which I have no comment on other than "concise" might not be the best intro text, and Charlesworth and Charlesworth's "Elements of Evolutionary Genetics", which is not really a pop gen text, and is more of a reference than a introductory text. 




 Trying too hard bub. Like OP in the presence of all this framed glory. 




 "Will you be paying in cash or credit?" 




 Maybe the guys is really into frames and needed something to put in them. 




 Which is funny since they had shown Muhammed in full in a previous pre 9/11 season. 




 Hiyao Miyazaki. 




 Used a dead dried up kitty as a hall pass. Edit: I should probably add that this was a biology teacher. 




 Which is what exactly? It's like you're saying industrialized agricultural practices haven't been constantly evolving since the 1800s. What decade counts as "good ol fashion" agriculture? 




  Evidence of the difficulty of Eukaryotic evolution is circumstantially supportive of creation.

No it's not. It's a false dichotomy and the principle of excluded middle does not apply here. Do you even science? 




 Drugs are a hell of a drug. 




 It's hard to sequence that first genome, subsequent genetic info is much easier to obtain once you have a reference genome to guide you. You can do stuff like target a particular gene or other region for resequencing to get population genetic data (allele frequencies over many individuals). The reference genome doesn't necessarily have to be all from the same individual, it may be over a small set of individuals. 




 Nurses, doctors. We trust their lives to them, and they have literally hundreds of ways to kill us if they wanted to, and the most knowledge about how to get away with it. 




 Love. 




 Steve Buscemi. 




 "Kill me, I'm sane." 




 See this is why the FDA and USDA are bad ideas. 




 "Please tell the driver you're going to X." 




 Don't worry, most PhD graduates these days don't end up as PI's when that *is* their goal anyways. I'm only half joking. I don't think it's viable to go into a PhD thinking there's a high chance of an academic job waiting on the other side. There are just too many PhD position to tenure track positions. I think it's perfectly fine to go into a PhD with the idea of wanting to pursue non-academic opportunities afterwards. It's actually something I asked at every interview weekend I went to, how is the support for graduate students pursuing non-academic post-grad careers. Society benefits from having PhD's in many different roles. That said, make sure you know what you're getting into, only go if it's a good environment in terms of lab, department, and institution, and that the value of the PhD to you personally is higher than the high opportunity costs of doing a PhD (forgone salary and career advancement in other fields) and emotional and physical costs (stress, significant others). 




