 Well i didn't know it was about money they should be paid equally. But  is everything weighted in like popularity, age, good or bad agency, what actor the director prefers and stuff like that? I do have to say Bradley cooper is one of the most wanted actors right now but Jennifer Lawrence also so it is a legit point you are making here. 

About the dresses i'm not on the same level. That's just less then 50% of the people who are interested in that maybe even less. If you are not a fashion reporter I can accept it that you won't ask about it.

In general there were really allot of political statements at the Oscars what seemed to me just like getting up-votes.

 




 (Don't know what sub to post it in)
Not a native english, so if there are grammar or spelling mistakes let me know!

First off John Legend is comparing the amount of black people that are in correctional control to the amount of black people that where in correctional control/prison during the slavery. What is the point he is trying to make here?
Racism?

By all means i'm against racism!

But comparing slavery to prison is absolutely disgusting, prison is a result because you committed a CRIME, slavery however is terrible because you had no choice, just because you where black you where a slave.
In general i'm so sick off the whole racism thing it's just a word what is used way to easy and way to often.
This is in my words is racism:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zBeeZVd6urI
But not getting a job based on your RESUME or WORK EXPERIENCE is just the way this world works.
Don't scream off the roof it's racism when you don't get the job based on facts. 

It's hard for everybody to find a new job in this economy.

Another example: a black men is waiting for the bus and the bus driver is white and doesn't stop at the busstop conclusion: racism.
A black men is waiting for the bus and the bus driver is black and doesn't stop: bad luck.
A white men waiting for the bus and the bus drive is white and doesn't stop: bad luck.
A white men waiting for the bus and the bus driver is black and doesn't stop: Bad luck
Just start to except it has nothing to do with your skin color.

Personally I think the word gets misused so much that people eventually will get angry because it's not fair to call somebody a racist when he/she isn't and it's quiet a statement you are making then.

So why do I disgust the Patricia Arquette speech also?
It's a bit the same as the racist story it is used WAY to easy. 
So some people said she did this because of journalist where sexist at the red carpet? And men are sexist when girls/woman dress up really nice?
Well what kind of reaction are you thinking you will get when you wear something like [this](https://nyoobserver.files.wordpress.com/2015/01/462219980.jpg?w=635)
or 
[this](http://uk.eonline.com/eol_images/Entire_Site/2015122/rs_634x1024-150222165857-634-jennifer-lopez-oscars.jpg)?
It's nature that a men gets turned on by the curves of a woman. It's also the same the other way around. 
Don't you believe Brad Pitt(in his good days) or the One Direction boys gets sexist woman all over them?

Believe it or not my mother is a woman also! She has a really good job and she never has being mistreated. 

This whole racism/feminism thing is so getting misused at so many levels that is has to stop because this is damaging the people who are really being treated unequally. 

TL;DR Racism and feminism get misused way to much.

**EDIT**: I see that people are down voting everything that I post and maybe it has something to do with this post. Let me clarify (not that I want allot of upvotes but i get the idea some people see me as a racist or a bad person.) So like to clarify a bit:

First of all true racism is something i'm really disgusted by. Maybe i'm pointing out the wrong examples but I still find that what some actors did at the Grammys wrong. If you truly want to do something about the problem you need to do something structurally over a long term. Let's take Emma Watson she fights the whole year for equal rights for woman this is something to admire and be respectful about. Screaming one time at a grammy that women need equal pay is something to score points with and contributes nothing to the whole problem. And that problem is based on Jennifer Lawrence getting paid 7% where Bradley Cooper and Christian Bale got 9%. This are some differences that I would think have something to do with amount of time on set, time on screen and popularity of the actor. 
The whole thing just looks really shady, first they walk in there $1000+ suits for men and $1000+ dresses or suits for women on the red carpet and brag about all there expensive houses/yachts/jets/Salary/Jewelry and an hour later they are screaming we need equal pay, thats insane.

I do admit that there is a problem in the amount of woman in the management functions and also Board of directors and the higher paid functions. Should it be 50%? No it fully depends if somebody suits the position. This also comes from the fact that women didn't go to school back in the days and where the "house woman" and didn't go to school but luckily that has changed now and women are accepted to all schools and there are allot of alternatives to take care of kids instead of the always a parent at home way(think about daycare) What by the way isn't a hell for children i have been to daycare allot and i made allot of friends there in fact, even more and better friends then on my regular school where i got bullied allot. Maybe it has also something to do with the amount of hours people are working in the USA. Here it's normal to work 40 hours a week but in the US its easy 60 hours a week and a very few vacation days. 

About the racism IF that theory is true about only black people getting jailed for no reason that is terrible and should be investigated straight away and in general innocent people shouldn't be in a jail. One reaction of a fellow redditor included a link to an article what I have read a couple of times.

This is the peace of text where they are aiming at black people:

"Jeffery Schultz: You mentioned specifically implicating a black person. Does your agency target based on race?

Deputy Sheriff: I wouldnt say target based on race but is is, you know, um, it is much easier to do this on a black person because they have no credibility anyways. The charges stick better to blacks than to a rich white guy that can afford a lawyer. That is one school of thought. Then you still have the deputies who like doing it to the rich white guys because they say it removes the smug look from their faces. They get their kicks from the power like its a game. Most cops though, they, um do it to get bad guys off the streets. The last group of deputies do it for personal gain."

What he says about credibility I think we all find disgusting but the sentence later he says its all a money thing because if you can afford a lawyer they won't try it? And yet another sentence later they also get rich white guys. So my conclusion is that there whole system is corrupt instead of a racism thing. 

The thing that I found racism in this text is that they call something a black neighborhood that makes no sense.

I'm just sick of referring all the bad things to race, gender or religion where in fact people are just to lazy to work for it or searching for an excuse. 




 You could try to contact there Twitter/facebook they are quiet active on social media they would be able to give you the correct information. There twitter is @AFCAjax. 




 Personally would accept a price range from 1 to 2 euros.  




 I got 19,99 euros a month. No way on earth i'm gonna pay that much. 




 A friends mom naked, milf lover ever since. 




 Looks ducking amazing! 




 She is a keeper! 




 en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hydrogen_vehicle 




 Hydrogen my friend hydrogen. 




 A good idea is a solution for a problem. 




 You nailed it. 




 My standards are already pretty low. But I did noticed that you sometimes suddenly you have a winning streak like 10 matches and done couple of weeks nothing and then suddenly again 10 matches in one day. I don't know if I am the only one who has this. 




 Figured that out that it was on Tinder, but finding someone on that is impossible. 




 Good enough for me, where can I sign up? 




 Lol well it's pretty hard to diagnose thru a website because they almost always need a physical exam.  




 Do you have a GP? They can do some simple test to see where it comes from. Get well soon! 




 Not a doctor here but is the dizziness position related? Like while lying down no problem but standing up you get dizzy? 




 You shouldn't feel guilty, if it was your wife who was sick, would you care about half a million dollars or would you spent every single penny of it on maybe becoming better or for just being with her a day longer?

Are you married? Don't you say for better or worse? It's your problem but that doesn't mean you can't ask your wife for support you are sharing a life together!

Also ask some advice in /r/medical or /r/askdocs there are some fantastic and smart doctors there who can give you a bit of advice!

My advice is to seek an outstanding hospital something like Mayo Clinic, Cleveland Clinic, John Hopkins or some Academic/University Hospitals or a Specialized hospital in your type of disease. Also it would maybe be smart to ask Lymphoma foundations for advice they are most of the time really up to date and give you an honest opinion. 

For now, keep your chin up and start fighting and don't give up!
 




 If there is only a very slightly chance to get better I would go all in with the money even if the chance is 10%. Your wife will find out how to make money. But living without you is the biggest dept she could ever have and wouldn't never be able to pay off. Choose for you health.  




 john hiatt - have a little faith in me
had a really hard time with my health and psychological and lost all trust in the doctors and myself I couldn't get in to tears to get everything out. But then my father played me this song and I totally snapped. The trust came back and I scrambled myself together and got things figured out and i'm doing much better now! Now every time I hear the song it touches me.
Beautiful!

Edit: the grammar was all off. 









 Wow working with him would be nuts, he will LEND the domain name in exchange for a piece of your company. Is he f*cking nuts? who ever does that is insane. For the rest about the domainname business is that I on the one side think he was smart back then but on the other side he is giving people a really hard time getting there business going and that isn't a thing we like to see!  




 Got extremely hungry after this movie! So much tasty food! And those Cubano's in real life are delicious! 




 Dit heb ik echt nooit geweten! Bedankt voor het delen! 




 I wouldn't be surprised if that wasn't trolling.  




 Seriously why is she on Tinder? If she absolutely hates everything and her intentions aren't dating? 
 




 This serie is now on Netflix [US] I have seen it before and I highly recommend it! Very interesting serie. 









 Thanks for responding! Back then the cardiologist told it was an artifact. When I get out of breath more I will definitely call the hospital to ask what is best to do. Thanks! 




 Thanks for the advice! I will contact them if I get worse thanks for your detailed explanation! 




 Thanks for such friendly input! Appreciate it! 




 Being polite and not speaking with some weird ghetto slang. 




