 Want to bet on that? 









 Want to bet on that? 




 This might have been the case up to 2010, but no longer appears to be the case.

Also, it is worth noting that Japan's government always keeps track of their oldest man and woman just to make sure that they are still alive. 




  I mean I was 3 at the time

Well, I myself was 6/7 back in 1999. :)

but honestly time seems to be flying faster than it ever did when I was younger.

Agreed.

Eh, I guess that's getting old.

Agreed. :( 




 Any thoughts on this? 




 History, especially post-1815 Western history. :) After all, the Industrial Revolution and its aftermath really did make history more interesting, in my honest opinion. :) 




 None, because I intend to get cryogenically preserved and the hopefully successfully revived after I will die. ;) 









 I am still waiting for a response to this question--did this man take hormone replacement therapy after his orchiectomy, though? 









 How exactly are you defining middle-aged here, though? After all, being 42 years old wouldn't exactly be middle-aged for a man who lived to age 112. 









 Did the Communists ever actually have a realistic chance of coming to power in Iran, though? 




 There--fixed ... just for you. :) 




 Thanks ;) :

https://edgeoftheframe.files.wordpress.com/2011/02/the-1st-annual-edgy-awards.jpg

 




 I'm sorry ... what? 




 Only if he is in Heaven right now. 




 If so, then why exactly didn't someone save him? 




 Yep--the last two appear to have send him straight to the afterlife. :( 




 Um ... why not? 




 Yes--Kathleen Snavely; she was Irish-born but died in the U.S.A. 




 Yes, I guess so. 




 Actually, two currently living *women* are still from the 1800s. :) 




 Actually, he was Japanese. 




 If so, then this might have been the best way *ever* for someone to commit suicide. Seriously. 




 That, or maybe his stomach and thus his body couldn't take in that much food at once. 




 To eat all of that? 




 Indeed, he is remembered by Swedish schoolchildren as "the king who ate himself to death":

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_unusual_deaths#18th_century 









 I apologize if this question was already asked before (including by me), but out of curiosity--exactly which additional countries (as in, countries other than the Soviet Union, Yugoslavia, and Czechoslovakia), if any, do you think would have been likely to have gotten federalized based on ethnic lines if Communists would have come to power in these countries?

For the record, these countries need to be countries where Communists actually had a good chance of coming to power (especially, but not only, during and/or after World War II).

Any thoughts on this? 




 I apologize if this question was already asked before (including by me), but out of curiosity--exactly which additional countries (as in, countries other than the Soviet Union, Yugoslavia, and Czechoslovakia), if any, do you think would have been likely to have gotten federalized based on ethnic lines if Communists would have come to power in these countries?

For the record, these countries need to be countries where Communists actually had a good chance of coming to power (especially, but not only, during and/or after World War II).

Any thoughts on this? 




 I apologize if this question was already asked before (including by me), but out of curiosity--exactly which additional countries (as in, countries other than the Soviet Union, Yugoslavia, and Czechoslovakia), if any, do you think would have been likely to have gotten federalized based on ethnic lines if Communists would have come to power in these countries?

For the record, these countries need to be countries where Communists actually had a good chance of coming to power (especially, but not only, during and/or after World War II).

Any thoughts on this? 




 Most of the people of Belarus, Crimea, and parts of Eastern Ukraine might be okay with this. However, Yes, there will probably be large-scale protests and riots in western Ukraine and perhaps in central Ukraine as well. Indeed, I wouldn't be surprised if these large-scale protests and riots will eventually cause the Russian government to allow most of Ukraine to secede from Russia. 




 Actually, most of the people of Belarus, Crimea, and parts of Eastern Ukraine might be okay with this. However, Yes, there will probably be large-scale protests and riots in western Ukraine and perhaps in central Ukraine as well. Indeed, I wouldn't be surprised if these large-scale protests and riots will eventually cause the Russian government to allow most of Ukraine to secede from Russia. 




 Does Adolf Hitler rabid anti-Semitism and the policies that this caused him to implement count for this? After all, I can't imagine that events such as Kristallnacht were viewed very favorably in the West. 









 I am! :) 




 Actually, this would be a case where I would encourage transgender individuals to defy the chromosome labels on these bathrooms. :) Civil disobedience at its finest! :) 




 So, in other words, ISIS = evil whereas SISI = good, correct? 




 So you're saying that Captain Moses (a.k.a. Captain Mosey) did not get the Ten Commandments (well, later the Eight Commandments) from God at Mount Salsa? ;) If so, then shame on you for challenging my Pastafarian faith! ;) You, sir, are going to spend Eternity in Super-Mega Hell unless you repent for your sinfulness! ;) 




  Sisi is right in saying that a lasting agreement would make things better.

It will make things for Israel and Palestine. For the record countries in the region, though, not so much. After all, the Syrian Civil War has literally nothing to do with the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.

You are also correct in your belief that the P.A. would not honour an agreement.

Actually, I think that Fatah *will* honor such an agreement. However, terrorist groups such as Hamas and Islamic Jihad are going to need to be fully and veritably disarmed in such a peace treaty. If Fatah cannot accomplish this task itself, then it might be up to Israel to do this, and unfortunately doing this can be extremely bloody for anyone who tries to do this. :( 




 Actually, as far as I know, Mahmoud Abbas *did* previously present his own peace proposal while Netanyahu did not. If Netanyahu is unwilling to present a peace proposal of his own, then how exactly can peace talks meaningfully advance? 




 This would be a final peace treaty, though, rather than a temporary one. Thus, any violations of this peace treaty will probably be treated very severely. 




 Yes, they certainly should. Of course, Netanyahu likewise needs to want to make peace with the Palestinians as well. 




 Agreed. Solving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict will be great for the Israelis and for the Palestinians, but not so much for the neighboring countries in the Middle East. After all, things such as the Sunni-Shiite conflict have literally *nothing* to do with the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 




 Yes, Israeli-Palestinian peace will make the Middle East somewhat safer. However, one should also be aware that a lot of what is currently occurring in the Greater Middle East does *not* have much, if anything, to do with the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Thus, the mentality that Israeli-Palestinian peace will result in everyone in the Greater Middle East shaking hands and singing "Kumbaya" is extremely delusional and idiotic! 




 A *woman* recruiting *girls* for Islamic State; shit--doesn't she realize that Islamic State is *extremely* misogynistic? :( 









 I strongly hope that you are correct in regards to this. 




 Understood; did you like the Norwegian and Russian foods which you ate there, though? Also, can you please elaborate on exactly what kind of foods it was (as in, the names of these foods)? 




 Yeah, basically, I think that Kagame needs to make a distinction between hate speech (which I have no problem banning in Rwanda for the time being, though ideally I would oppose banning it anywhere) and legitimate criticism of him. After all, advocating another genocide in Rwanda certainly isn't the same thing as criticizing Kagame for his authoritarianism. Based on what I have read, Kagame makes no distinction between his critics (and in, he doesn't care whether or not they are hate-mongers); however, this certainly doesn't surprise me considering that it is in a dictator's interest to suppress any dissent and opposition.

That said, though, in spite of all of Kagame's flaws, I certainly prefer him over what happened in Rwanda in 1994. After all, please correct me, but the impression that I am getting is that if one shuts up and doesn't criticize Kagame, then the Rwandan government will treat this individual well and help improve his or her life over time. If so, then Rwanda appears to be *much* better than some other dictatorships right now. :) 




 Congratulations to your dad! :) * Hugs * :) 




 Did you like the food there as well? 




  Saudi Arabia. Arabs are by far the most warm-hearted and friendly people I've ever met.

Would this still be true if they interacted with an Israeli-American Jew such as myself, though? 




 Very interesting! :)

Also, out of curiosity, isn't Paul Kagame and his leadership of Rwanda been responsible for a lot, if not most, of the progress that Rwanda has made over the last 20 years? 




 Very interesting. :) Was your trip extremely expensive, though? 




 Where exactly within South Korea did you visit, though? 




 Yes, please. :) 




 It appears that these bathrooms are transphobic. :( What a shame! :( 









 As for me, my great-uncle, who was born on June 20, 1906 and died on January 25, 2002 at the age of 95 (for the record, I myself was born in 1992). 









 Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_oldest_living_people 




 Nothing, since I *don't want* to have balls! :( Seriously. 














 So do I! ;) 









 RAmen, brother! ;) 




  Well, from my limited understanding of France in this time period; no.
 Perhaps you can make some stretch that the relative disunity of France in the Hundred Year's War (HYW) is comparable to the initial confusion and disorder present in the RKKA, but I'd say its too much of a stretch. The disorder in the RKKA in 1941 is as much a result of purges and confusion as it is because of legitimate losses; the savagery and speed of the initial attack is as much to blame for the RKKA's condition in the first month of conflict as any pre-existing conditions.

OK.

 Comparatively, France's disunity has far more to do with the fact that well....'nations' as we understand them simply didn't exist at this time. In terms of unity of command and concentration of forces, England's far greater unity gave it a de facto local superiority or at the very least parity in numbers.

I've got a question, though--didn't the French King already have the authority to raise troops from areas which were under this control and/or under the control of his vassals back then?

 In short, the political and other pre-existing conditions are in no way similar and its a gross misunderstanding of the politics of France in this time period to simply look at size and population and go 'France's military potential was infinitely greater than England's.'

Please pardon my ignorance in regards to this, but did vassals of the French King actually have the authority to disobey him during this time? As in, if the French King would have demanded some troops from them, would they have been able to refuse this demand of his without any negative repercussions for themselves?

 Finally, the HYW in reality is a series of separate wars, and must be imagined in such a light. Several of these series of wars ended with treaties highly favorable to the English, and one can indeed safely conclude that the English Kings related to those treaties did accomplish many of their political goals.

It is worth noting, though, that Nazi Germany might have likewise been able to get a favorable treaty from the Soviet Union in, say, October 1941. However, Hitler appears to have been too greedy and wanted more and thus ended up losing everything in the end. 




 Fuck yeah! 









 OK--I apologize if this sounds far-fetched, but I was thinking if there is actually a very good analogy between the Hundred Years' War and the Eastern Front of World War II.

To elaborate on this, in both the Hundred Years' War (which, as far as I know, was actually a series of wars) and in the Eastern Front of World War II, a less populous country (England and Nazi Germany, respectively) was able to initially make very large territorial conquests in a much larger country (France and Russia, respectively). However, in spite of their very large territorial conquests, neither England nor Nazi Germany succeeded in achieving their ultimate war aims (conquering all of France and conquering the Soviet Union up to the Urals, respectively). Likewise, both France and the Soviet Union were eventually able to "regain their footing" and to use their numerical superiority (and presumably resource and logistical superiority as well) to push back against the English and Nazi German invaders and to eventually kick both of these invaders out of France and Russia, respectively. To my knowledge, after the English were kicked out of France and the Germans were kicked out of Russia, neither England nor Germany was ever able to pose a serious land-based threat to France and Russia, respectively.

Any thoughts on this analogy of mine? 




 OK--I apologize if this sounds far-fetched, but I was thinking if there is actually a very good analogy between the Hundred Years' War and the Eastern Front of World War II.

To elaborate on this, in both the Hundred Years' War (which, as far as I know, was actually a series of wars) and in the Eastern Front of World War II, a less populous country (England and Nazi Germany, respectively) was able to initially make very large territorial conquests in a much larger country (France and Russia, respectively). However, in spite of their very large territorial conquests, neither England nor Nazi Germany succeeded in achieving their ultimate war aims (conquering all of France and conquering the Soviet Union up to the Urals, respectively). Likewise, both France and the Soviet Union were eventually able to "regain their footing" and to use their numerical superiority (and presumably resource and logistical superiority as well) to push back against the English and Nazi German invaders and to eventually kick both of these invaders out of France and Russia, respectively. To my knowledge, after the English were kicked out of France and the Germans were kicked out of Russia, neither England nor Germany was ever able to pose a serious land-based threat to France and Russia, respectively.

Any thoughts on this analogy of mine? 




 OK; that said, though, do you have a preference? 




 I don't know if this counts for this, but immigrating from Israel to the United States of America. :) This was certainly a wonderful moment in my life and I would like to repeat it if I could. :) 




 Out of curiosity, though--do you have a pee fetish for other women, for men, or for both women and men? 




 Conclusion: Sometimes people who appear to be the nicest are actually the creepiest. :( 




 What exactly was the name of said place itself, though?

Also, I am glad that you liked Plov. :) 




 Wow! In 20 to 25 years, this coin is almost certainly going to be older than every human being who will still be alive at that point in time. 




 What exactly does BFE mean, though? Also, exactly which Russian foods did you eat?

As for me, I ate various Russian foods which my parents made, including borscht, shchi, Olivier salad, pelmeni, plov, et cetera. These Russian foods really were quite delicious! :) 




 I *strongly* beg to differ with you on that. :( 




 Maybe ... maybe. It certainly makes one wonder, doesn't it? ;) 




 That, or maybe they are being cock-blocked by His Almighty Noodliness. ;)

Of course, they could also simply be afraid of getting STDs. 




 "Futurist" is due to the fact that I am generally very optimistic about the future. :)

"110" is a reference to the 110 Club forum, where I first posted under the username "Futurist." :) 




 Depression, obviously. 




 "Don't do stupid shit!" 




 Rice. Seriously. 




 True. 




 What exactly was this girl wearing, though? 




 (Hopefully) For being a proud eunuch. :) 




 Break up with her and if she won't get an adoption or give our child up for adoption, then I will literally get rid of my testicles by *any* means necessary. 




 Because she, unlike Bernie, can actually win the 2016 U.S. Presidential election. 




 Rape and kill multiple people, obviously. 




 My mom, by feeding me. :) 




 Imagine.

After all, this word opens up a limitless number of possibilities. :) 




 Teddy bears, of course. :) 




 For one, urinals and toilet seats. 




 "It is better to be thought a fool than to open one's mouth and remove all doubt." 




 Clap with one hand. Seriously. 




 Wasting? On war(s), of course. 




 Many different kinds of soups. 




 Guacamole. 




 And then some nice, romantic music. ;) 




 You will die soon. 




 Blatantly calling people out for saying stupid shit, of course. 




 Imagine.

After all, this word opens up a limitless number of possibilities. :) 




 Many jobs which involve eating good food. :) 




 Ask him which song I relentlessly listened to in the summer of 2007. Seriously. 




 The Rear Admiral on the Poop Deck, of course. ;) 




 When people spell easy words incorrectly, such as writing "there" instead of "their" in phrases such as "their cat." 




 If both of them are women, then ask both of them if the want to have a three-way with me. ;) 




 No, I don't think so. 




 Adolf Hitler, for killing many of my Jewish relatives as well as millions of other innocent people. :( 




 Possibly shawarma, but definitely some kind of food. :) 




 Not a movie, but events which show Trisha Elric in Fullmetal Alchemist. :( 




 Yes, at least to some extent. 




 Allen Gregory. 




 Balls. As an aspiring eunuch myself, I absolutely *hate* that word. :( 




 Getting spanked (with a belt) *much* more than I deserved. :( 




 For one, learn how to spell "college" correctly. 




 The ability to clap with one hand, of course. 




 A hairy back which cannot be deal with by *any* means. 




 That power can be and sometimes is abused. 




 To talk with many specific people who are already dead right now. 




 A penis. Seriously. After all, trans-men aren't born with penises. 




 Angelica from The Rugrats, of course. 




 "I am not a procrastinator." 




 Nope. 









 Good; this means less oil revenue for rulers such as Vladimir Putin. 









 Well, at least *some* of us haven't lost our inner child yet. ;) 




 Actually, that was the Rabbit's wife. The Rabbit himself is in a mental hospital getting treatment for his depression. ;) After all, the lack of Trix in his system causes the Rabbit to get seriously depressed over time. 




 Not a villain, but the Leprechaun who wants his Lucky Charms should certainly be allowed to have them. 




 Yes ... *stoned*.

Thus, does anyone have some weed? ;) After all, weed can certainly make someone *stoned*. ;) 




 Actually, I don't know if this is on Netflix. It might be, but I am not 100% sure about this.

Also, do you have the DVD box set for the sequel to Last Exile as well? 




 Russia certainly isn't the only country where people drink alcohol, though. :) 




 Frankly, this is something which *everyone*, lifeguard or not, should *certainly* know. Seriously.

Thanks for educating me about this. :) 




 Does Pacman count for this? 




 Meg Griffin from Family Guy. 'Nuff said. 




 (Assuming that I myself first become a eunuch, begin taking hormone replacement therapy, and sufficiently feminize my body and face beforehand.)

If she counts for this, Gabrielle Reece (and especially a younger version of her). After all, I certainly like tall women. :) 




 Completely agreed! :)

Also, for the record, I am likewise aroused when women actually wet themselves. Seriously. 




 Any thoughts on this? 




 Thank you. :) Yeah, I have a piss fetish, and if one doesn't like it, then too bad for him or her! ;) 




 Any thoughts on this? 




 A baguette with caviar, of course. :) 




 If it counts, Last Exile. 




 Women needing to pee *extremely* badly and visibly showing it.

There--I said it. 




 Source, please? 




 A lack of trust. 




