









 NSFL 




 So much more grateful than that damn moose. 




 Your stupid, I'm right
*drops the mic 




 Just.....because? 




 That last photo was commitment  




 It was still a scramble. White didn't have full control, for that hold he would have had to be behind him for it to count, and it wasn't (but almost) a pinning combination, so no takedown.  




 Coaches discipline, teach, and lead.
Captains unify. 









 That sounds awesome. Great suggestion, man.  




 My school has a great program with great kids and coaches but this year we just kept loosing on forfeits. Kids at out school kinda think of wrestling as the gross sweaty gay boys wrestling on the ringworm infested mat. Any tips to get more people to try the sport?  




 /r/poetry 
No but seriously, that was beautiful. 









 BANG BANG! EXPLOSION!  




 Spoiler Alert!! Gosh! 




 To add on, it's a way of saying "we can look this stupid and still kick your ass" bad ass. Good job, man! 




 The wheel 









 Masterbate, watch porn. I am a man of many talents  




 CoD Modern Warfare 1  









 Let your wrestling speak for itself. It sounds like you're ambitious and if you really deserve the spot you'll get it. Don't quit, stick with it and your coach will respond to your dedication.  




 I have to disagree, Michael Scotch really stole The Office 




 Username checks out 









 In 1st grade my older brother convinced me taking a photo of my penis on my mom's camera was a good idea. Of course I did it and years later I found out that later that day as my mom was giving a presentation to the entire school board my indie production came to light.  














 I understand the message but please no. Suicide is never the answer, ever. It will always get better. 




 Youtubers don't make money off mobile device views so it is a "boycott" of them in a way. 




 Your comment Isreal-ly dumb. 




 *Scumbag Netflix 



















 10/10 would up vote again. 




 From an American. 




 http://i.imgur.com/aKDMerE.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/VQLGJOL.gif

These two should keep you occupied for a while.
Stay in there big guy. 




