














 Its the arched position of the back when youre performing the back bridge that can be dangerous. This hyperextension of the back places significant compressive forces on your spine, which can in turn do damage to the discs in between your vertebrae. Over time, this stress from hyperextension can weaken your spine. 




 I can see where sending 3 top US govt officials to the Michael Brown funeral on the spur of the moment would have been impossible.  




 Remember when Sean Connery was a young man? Zardoz.  




 I can see where sending 3 top US govt officials to the Michael Brown funeral on the spur of the moment would have been impossible.  




 But the US president is so much more special than those other world leaders. We can't just be expected to make our security happen like those other third world hellholes that were in France.  




 None of those other world leaders have complex security to arrange. Just the US. 

Rich man's burden and all that.  




 I don't think this method has been tried on even 500,000 people yet.  




 Mmmm....  That's fine dining!  














 Relevant user name.  









 They're close. 

http://killingcancer.vice.com/ 




 I'm talking about the Iranian elections. I don't know wtf you're talking about.  




 If you're one of the lucky govt officials or foreigners that don't have to go to the regular understaffed terrible hospitals, yes.  




 WebMD Robot Dr always says it's lupus.  




 And your dead end sums up your view.  Obama is your hero and it would be impossible for him to do anything wrong.

Back to your regularly scheduled glass dick. 




 I wasn't in Libya during the Arab Spring but I read lots of biased news stories about it so I'm certain I got a full understanding of what people on the ground were saying.  




 In your first comment you said you were in Iran during the elections. 

Are you lying or do you lack the mental capacity to understand the context? 

I'm gonna go with both.  














 Ah, you were in Iran but have an intricate knowledge of how things went down here. 

OK. 

Sounds to me like you are just a sycophantic devotee.  




 You need to take the Obama glass dick out of your mouth, son and realize that there is a real reason why his response to Egypt was so different from his Iran response.  




 Caveat: YOU probably wouldn't be wondering why that happened the way it did but most rational, thinking people would. 

His ridiculously weak statement was basically nothing. 

Source: I was here.  




 You may wonder why he had to come out with a real statement sooo much later that the events happened. We saw how weak and fleeting his response was compared to other world leaders and had to demand that he finally come out with a strong statement of support. 

Too bad it took him until December to do so.  




 Uh, I hate to burst your Obama bubble but this statement was made December 28, 2009. 

The protests began on June 13, 2009.

http://m.whitehouse.gov/blog/2009/12/28/president-speaks-out-iran-violence

Maybe you should learn what a Google is.  




 Ah, voicing support for people is interfering. OK. He came out with this statement WAY late after there was an uproar from the American people regarding his stone cold silence on the matter.  




 How? How did he support it in principle? I remember watching Iranians hold up signs pleading for American support only to be met with stone cold silence from the admin.

Obama sure piped up when Egypt fell into revolution though!  




 Remember when the Iranians rioted and marched against their govt after their fraudulent elections and didn't get any support from the Obama admin?  




 Why didn't they shine lasers down the side of that thing and make that fucker light up?  




 I'm gonna throw this out there.  You REALLY like horses, right? 



















 Unfortunately evolution wasn't on the ballot. 




 No thanks.  




 How much water!?  Full or just some clinging to the sides?  




 God made the ingredients of PCP! PCP should be legal!!  




 What fine establishments are you frequenting?  




 They do take notes. Doesn't take long. Just a few key words.  




 Because teen angst and social proof.  




 http://youtu.be/pk-W_i7Z59I 




 Yeah, but you have to do stuff in Ohio...  




 Yeah, they're going to outlive you.  




 How do you know that's a fake dick?  




 Dead or in Ohio. I'm not sure which is worse.  




 How old are you?  




 Specist.  




 How's mom doing?  




 The way to handle it well would have been to immediately call the campus police.  




 Don't tell your kid about this. Even when she's older.  




 The hologram just comes out looking high as shit eating Cherry Garcia.  




 Well, now instead of Netflix paying more for what they profit from, the cost will be passed directly to the consumer while Netflix still profits.  









 Netflix only uses 33% of the total Internet bandwidth. Why should they have to pay more?  




 The FCC only has my best interests in mind. They just want to make sure muh Netflix stays fast.  




 Probably Chris Matthew's legs rubbing together when Obama comes in the room.  




 Station? 
Tea? 

Do you live in Antarctica?  




 Stop flushing paper towels.  




 Yeah, I got the same thing a while back. Very strange.  









 Oh Christ...  




 But I already got this tattoo...  




 So, no new applications either?  I'll just leave my resume with the receptionist.  




 Bush lied, people died!!!

And so did all these people... Ring a bell?

"One way or the other, we are determined to deny Iraq the capacity to develop weapons of mass destruction and the missiles to deliver them. That is our bottom line." 
    President Clinton, Feb. 4, 1998. 

"If Saddam rejects peace and we have to use force, our purpose is clear. We want to seriously diminish the threat posed by Iraq's weapons of mass destruction program." 
    President Clinton, Feb. 17, 1998. 

"Iraq is a long way from [here], but what happens there matters a great deal here. For the risks that the leaders of a rogue state will use nuclear, chemical or biological weapons against us or our allies is the greatest security threat we face." 
    Madeline Albright, Feb 18, 1998. 

"He will use those weapons of mass destruction again, as he has ten times since 1983." 
    Sandy Berger, Clinton National Security Adviser, Feb, 18, 1998 

"[W]e urge you, after consulting with Congress, and consistent with the U.S. Constitution and laws, to take necessary actions (including, if appropriate, air and missile strikes on suspect Iraqi sites) to respond effectively to the threat posed by Iraq's refusal to end its weapons of mass destruction programs." 
    Letter to President Clinton, signed by Sens. Carl Levin, Tom Daschle, John Kerry, and others Oct. 9, 1998. 

"Saddam Hussein has been engaged in the development of weapons of mass destruction technology which is a threat to countries in the region and he has made a mockery of the weapons inspection process." 
    Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D, CA), Dec. 16, 1998. 

"Hussein has ... chosen to spend his money on building weapons of mass destruction and palaces for his cronies." 
    Madeline Albright, Clinton Secretary of State, Nov. 10, 1999. 

"There is no doubt that . Saddam Hussein has reinvigorated his weapons programs. Reports indicate that biological, chemical and nuclear programs continue apace and may be back to pre-Gulf War status. In addition, Saddam continues to redefine delivery systems and is doubtless using the cover of a licit missile program to develop longer-range missiles that will threaten the United States and our allies." 
    Letter to President Bush, Signed by Sen. Bob Graham (D, FL,) and others, Dec, 5, 2001. 

"We begin with the common belief that Saddam Hussein is a tyrant and a threat to the peace and stability of the region. He has ignored the mandate of the United Nations and is building weapons of mass destruction and the means of delivering them." 
    Sen. Carl Levin (d, MI), Sept. 19, 2002. 

"We know that he has stored secret supplies of biological and chemical weapons throughout his country." 
    Al Gore, Sept. 23, 2002. 

"Iraq's search for weapons of mass destruction has proven impossible to deter and we should assume that it will continue for as long as Saddam is in power." 
    Al Gore, Sept. 23, 2002. 

"We have known for many years that Saddam Hussein is seing and developing weapons of mass destruction." 
    Sen. Ted Kennedy (D, MA), Sept. 27, 2002. 

"The last UN weapons inspectors left Iraq in October1998. We are confident that Saddam Hussein retains some stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons, and that he has since embarked on a crash course to build up his chemical and biological warfare capabilities. Intelligence reports indicate that he is seeking nuclear weapons..." 
    Sen. Robert Byrd (D, WV), Oct. 3, 2002. 

"I will be voting to give the President of the United States the authority to use force  if necessary  to disarm Saddam Hussein because I believe that a deadly arsenal of weapons of mass destruction in his hands is a real and grave threat to our security."
    Sen. John F. Kerry (D, MA), Oct. 9, 2002. 

"There is unmistakable evidence that Saddam Hussein is working aggressively to develop nuclear weapons and will likely have nuclear weapons within the next five years . We also should remember we have alway s underestimated the progress Saddam has made in development of weapons of mass destruction." 
    Sen. Jay Rockerfeller (D, WV), Oct 10, 2002, 

"He has systematically violated, over the course of the past 11 years, every significant UN resolution that has demanded that he disarm and destroy his chemical and biological weapons, and any nuclear capacity. This he has refused to do." 
    Rep. Henry Waxman (D, CA), Oct. 10, 2002. 

"In the four years since the inspectors left, intelligence reports show that Saddam Hussein has worked to rebuild his chemical and biological weapons stock, his missile delivery capability, and his nuclear program. He has also given aid, comfort, and sanctuary to terrorists, including al Qaeda members. It is clear, however, that if left unchecked, Saddam Hussein will continue to increase his capacity to wage biological and chemical warfare, and will keep trying to develop nuclear weapons." 
    Sen. Hillary Clinton (D, NY), Oct 10, 2002 

"We are in possession of what I think to be compelling evidence that Saddam Hussein has, and has had for a number of years, a developing capacity for the production and storage of weapons of mass destruction. "[W]ithout question, we need to disarm Saddam Hussein. He is a brutal, murderous dictator, leading an oppressive regime ... He presents a particularly grievous threat because he is so consistently prone to miscalculation. And now he has continued deceit and his consistent grasp for weapons of mass destruction ... So the threat of Saddam Hussein with weapons of mass destruction is real ... 
    Sen. John F. Kerry (D, MA), Jan. 23. 2003.  




 Thank you Mr. Nimoy, for getting that stupid dress off the front page.  









 They shifted blame and tried to bury the fact that no help was sent to our embassy even though they were informed of the  8 hour long firefight.  




 A YouTube video that 20 people saw just happened to coincide with an impromptu 8-hour rocket launcher attack on a US embassy where our Ambassador was left to get repeatedly raped in the street and burned alive? 

Big deal. 

Unless, of course, Bush had been president at the time.  




 So we're still saying that a YouTube video that 20 people saw just happened to coincide with an impromptu 8-hour rocket launcher attack on a US embassy where our Ambassador was left to get repeatedly raped in the street and burned alive? 

OK.  









 I'll never stop staring. It's my right!  




 For now they just document it and file it away under "Maybe".  









 And false too. Just wait until the FCC starts doling out permits based on specific types of speech like they do TV networks.  Nearly impossible to start a new news network but you could've still done it on the Internet, until today.  




 Nigga, I ain't got time for all that!  




 Look at the bottom, it's black n blue. Start at the top, it's white n gold. Fucked me up until I did that.  




 Yeah, just a bunch of politically motivated govt bureaucrats in the FCC. The same ones that decide what can be on your radios and TV.  




 Right. You actually have to suck on the clit. It will vary from woman to woman.  




 Amen!  




 Jesus, I have to suffer because you couldn't wrap it up?  




 These militant beast-feeders are the fucking worst.  




 That doesn't seem like it's helping your metabolism.  




 Wouldn't it make you retain a ton of water and look puffy?  




 I'm sure no self-righteous bureaucrat would ever ban porn on a public utility. And do many other things that disagree with their particular inclination. 

So you've got that going for you!  




 They regulate heroin and child rape too! 

Why can't I fuck my wife in front of your playground? What kind of bullshit is that?  




 I'll tell my kid to bide his time for the perfect sucker punch and then stand by him no matter what.  




 Well, womens womens woobs aren't regulated by the govt. So feel free to murder as many fetuses as you feel is necessary!  




 You're going to have to help me out with woobs here.  




 Don't worry! Your govt only wants the best for you! Now, if they could just find and arrest that Snowden character who put those thoughts in your head...  




 Such as what?  




 This isn't going to speed your Internet up if anything your speed will get slowed to even out with everyone else's speed. Boom! Equality!  




 Don't worry!  The Patriot Act will never be used to target citizens!  




 Give me freedom or give me Netflix!  




 Admit it. You gave away a free Internet for fast Netflix.  




 Don't worry! We only want to use the Patriot Act to get them terrorists!  




 Netflix was using 33% of the bandwidth of the entire Internet. Of course they didn't want to have to pay for all that.  




 You don't actually think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor your every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better...  do you? 

You realize that it's not always going to be Obama at the reigns of the FCC but the GOP sometime in the future... right? 

And before you say it doesn't do that I remind you 1. Nobody's read the bill. 2. The FCC Chair refused to testify about the contents of the bill in front of Congress and 3. Once a govt starts regulating something it only adds more regulations as time goes by without ever reducing regulations.  




 You don't actually think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor your every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better...  do you? 

You realize that it's not always going to be Obama at the reigns of the FCC but the GOP sometime in the future... right? 

And before you say it doesn't do that I remind you 1. Nobody's read the bill. 2. The FCC Chair refused to testify about the contents of the bill in front of Congress and 3. Once a govt starts regulating something it only adds more regulations as time goes by without ever reducing regulations.  




 Don't worry! We only want to use the Patriot Act to get them terrorists!  




 Don't worry! We only want to use the Patriot Act to get them terrorists!  



















 Don't worry! We only want to use the Patriot Act to get them terrorists!  




 Riiiiight. You do realize that your favorite party will not always be the ones holding the reigns of power, right? 

You traded your free Internet for Netflix to not have to pay for the 33% of bandwidth they are using.  




 Riiiiight. You do realize that your favorite party will not always be the ones holding the reigns of power, right?  




 Three cheers for the sickeningly stupid that think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor their every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better! 




 Three cheers for the sickeningly stupid that think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor their every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better! 




 Three cheers for the sickeningly stupid that think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor their every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better! 




 Three cheers for the sickeningly stupid that think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor their every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better! 




 Three cheers for the sickeningly stupid that think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor their every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better! 




 Three cheers for the sickeningly stupid that think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor their every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better! 




 Three cheers for the sickeningly stupid that think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor their every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better! 




 Three cheers for the sickeningly stupid that think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor their every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better! 




 Three cheers for the sickeningly stupid that think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor their every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better! 









 Control. It's always control. Fortunately he has a ton of brain-dead followers who don't want their Netflix disturbed even though that's exactly what will happen.  









