 I know the feels, same movie and around the same age. Probably the most scared I've ever been by a movie.  




 Coincidentally, my grandfather made this for dinner today and my grandma was pissed because the two 'don't go together." 









 Even though it ended in disappointment on my part, that was definitely worth reading. Good effort for something so random! 




 The Railway Rifle is hands down my favorite weapon. I just wish you could get it in unmoddded F:NV. 









 YES! Came here to say that actually! Probably one of my favorite games from back in the day 




 Fucking hermit crabs. Don't ask me why, but those things terrify me.  




 Just got mine yesterday, 98 Cadillac sts. What was yours and what's your best story with it? 




 Hey /r/Cadillac I got my first car yesterday, the 98 sts! Let me start by saying that I love it, it drives nice and is pretty quick. However with it being over a decade old I'm sure there are some things that I can do to make it better. Any suggestions on what I can get done? 




 I'm surprised nobody said Bully. It really hits you right in the feels at several points. 




 This. Once I started the only thing that stopped me was the energy running out, and then I was right back on it when it came back. 




 Mine would be pretty sick :( 




 Mashed potatoes.. Imagine sticking your hand in that on a hot day 




 Back when I was a kid I had this dream (reoccurring for months) where I was at a carnival-like place and these Smurfs with knives would chase me around and eventually kill me. Then i would appear back at the entrance and it would keep happening until I woke up. May not be as bad as some of these, but it kept me from ever watching the Smurfs again. 




 Donkey Kong 64.. That game was simply amazing to me 




 That was the most depressing thing I've read all day...  




 That's actually exactly what I was talking about. Thanks for that 




 I really don't know the technical term for this because I just started playing recently, so I'll give an example. The tabs I found for the song raining blood have you holding the eighth fret of the fifth and fourth strings, and then you have to go to the ninth fret and then back (only playing these two strings that is). However, when I try it I can't make the transition without it sounding bad. So first, any tips would be appreciated. And if someone knows the term for playing two strings at once, please share. Thanks (: 









 I read the first three paragraphs about 4 times thinking I had misread it. Then I got scared that North Korea just took over the world. Then I saw the name of the website -____- 




 My god. I wish there was something like that around me. 




 Alright guys, I'm on a mission to get a picture of me holding a sloth before the summer comes. Unfortunately, I live in Pennsylvania. So does anyone have any idea as to where I can go to hold a sloth? 




 Well.. 




