
















































































































































 I agree, that's one of the most succinct quotes I've heard about the Palestine-Israel quagmire in a long time.  



















 [It was posted there yesterday and did pretty well, it got over 900 upvotes with 86% upvoting.](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/2x5rl8/make_this_the_year_you_discover_a_new_destination/) 














 Here's the link to a DailyDot article about Banksy's trip to Palestine. Just seeing the video is a bit vague:

http://www.dailydot.com/politics/banksy-new-gaza-artwork/ 
































































 You know what, I agree with you, and I'm going to take this article down. Thank you for calling it out, cause I was sitting on the fence about submitting it.  




 Google "gerrymandering ".   




 I absolutely agree, why would you want to get rid of someone that racially ambiguous, she could pull off several different races, thereby doing a wide range of good impersonations.  




 "If we're going to look at suspects [for 9/11], we should look to the groups that benefit the most from these kinds of incidents, and I think we should put the state of Israel on the suspect list because I think this diverts attention from what's happening in the Palestinian territories so that they can go on with their aggression and occupation and apartheid policies," he said in a radio interview shortly after the attacks in 2001, according to the Los Angeles Times.  




 All of Patrice O'neal's conspiracy videos on YouTube are must see if you subscribe to this sub. They are from some of Patrice's appearances on the Opie and Anthony Show a few years ago. 

Patrice does a really good job breaking down the stigma of being a  conspiracy theorist and makes you laugh while he does it.  




 This is an excellent self.post.  




 Okay, while I agree with the sentiment of the submission and am not a Zionist apologist whatsoever, I think its wildly irresponsible; not to mention very misleading to make up fake quotes. 

I know Elizabeth Warren came out in support of Israel during the Operation Protective Edge last summer, I was very disappointed when that happened, I felt it exposed Elizabeth Warren as just another Zionist. 

However, she never said these words, and this meme submission is circlejerky to say the least. Find me a reputable source of her saying this and I'll retract my statement, until then I'm calling bullshit.

You can't just go around making up fake quotes for people you dislike or disagree with on global issues. If that were the case I could just put up a picture of Netanyahu saying how he'd like to wipe out all of the Palestinians and drink the blood of their children. 

Do you honestly think that a savvy, liberal politician like Warren is going to give such a ham handed, blunt statement like that ?  




 They changed the title of the article after putting it up. When I submitted it to /r/politics this was the title.  




 What the ACTUAL fuck !  




 Arizona ? 

This article is about events taking place in New Mexico.  




 That's an excellent book. I consider it required reading for anyone who frequents this subreddit.  




 I posted this in /r/movies and it got downvoted to 0 upvotes less than a minute after I posted it. A slew of what would appear to be stock negative comments followed. 

I think /r/movies has been compromised, I don't go there very often but I was disappointed to find out that even a subreddit about movies has been infiltrated by pro-military users. 

Here's the link to my submission on /r/movies if anyone wants to peruse the comments section:

http://www.np.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2taijh/7_big_lies_american_sniper_is_telling_america/ 




 He couldn't make them any worst.  




 5 things he allegedly lied about in his book, of which he lost one in court. 

He defamed Jesse Ventura in his book and Ventura took him to court and won $1.8 million in a jury settlement, so thats a pretty ironclad, confirmed lie. 

Not for nothing, these weren't little white lies that the average person tells. This is a case of this guy writing a book about his life and lying in the book about his life and then selling the packaged lie to the American consumer, so its a little different.  




 Jesus Christ.  




 Any more racist generalizations about entire nations of people ? 

I bet you have some great opinions about black people, Asians and Latinos as well.  




 It whitewashes the fact that Iraq had nothing to do with 9/11, none of the hijackers were Iraqi, 15 of the 19 were Saudi Arabian, the US's second best ally in the region after Israel. 

I love it, Saudi's attack us, so lets deploy troops to Iraq, foolproof logic. Clint Eastwood linked Iraq to 9/11 with the way he set up that sequence in the film. Eastwood needs to stop making films, this film was a 2 hour celebration of jingoism and xenophobia. 

Did he at any point in the film have any of his characters say:

"Hey, why the fuck are we even here ? Weren't we attacked by Saudis ?"

No, he didn't.  




 Simple solution:

Don't enlist. 

Problem solved. 

At the very least don't enlist, go over there and wantonly commit atrocities just to come back and here throw your service in my face, I didn't ask you to enlist, so don't act like you did me a favor.

The worst thing returning veterans say to civilians that question the motives for the war they participated in is:

"I fought so that people like you could have freedom"

Or something childlike to that effect, completely oblivious to the fact that they are just mere pawns on some billionaire banker/industrialist's chessboard. The war in Iraq was NOT about defending our freedom, or about 9/11. It was about taking out a dictator whose policies no longer reflected the US's best interests. 

Saddam was going to start pricing his barrels of oil on the international market in Euros and not in dollars or petrodollars, which would've adversely effected the dollars status as the international reserve currency. That more than any other reason is why we went into Iraq. Don't delude yourself into thinking it was about protecting our freedom here at home. I certainly can't remember the last time an Iraqi tried to curtail my freedom, even the notion is ridiculous.  




 He's made into a tragic hero, a martyr, that's the absolute best possible thing to be. A tragic, misunderstood figure. 

They made him into a Christ-like saint who gave it all for his country. The film will without a doubt increase enlistment. [Besides Clint Eastwood is US veteran, do you think he would honestly make a film depicting the army or a marine in a negative light ?](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clint_Eastwood#Early_life)

Look at Clint's other military film, *Flags of our Fathers*, its unabashed positive depiction of the US military in Japan in World War II, it might as well be a recruitment film.  




 Really ?!

I think starting a war on what was later proven to be manufactured, phony evidence and bombing a country back to the stone age would make the United States the savages in that situation. 

The US left a power vacuum for religious strife to take place, they created a platform for it. Then you have people like Chris Kyle blaming the victims of war for getting sucked up in a power vacuum that he helped create. The idiocy and ignorance looms large in that mans worldview. 

Furthermore you have the US army engaging in brutal torture on Iraqis in Abu Ghraib prison, setting dogs on them and electrocuting the prisoners genitalia to get perverse pleasure. That's pretty savage if you ask me. Good luck justifying the atrocities committed by the occupying US army in Iraq, you have your work cut out for you.  




 Yea but its 2015, we shouldn't treat people that are outwardly racist as the heroes of our society. 

All this movie does is encourage young Americans to enlist in the military and continue an unending war overseas. It simplistically displays the complex reasons we went to war in Iraq. 

For instance, in the film they show the events of 9/11 and in the very next scene 18 months later, Chris Kyle is miraculously in Iraq, a country that had nothing to do with 9/11. The film attempts to whitewash US history. 




 Here are some Chris Kyle quotes from his book *American Sniper*:

*Savage, despicable evil. That's what we were fighting in Iraq.* 
 Chris Kyle, *American Sniper*

*But I wondered, how would I feel about killing someone? Now I know. Its no big deal.* 
 Chris Kyle, *American Sniper: Memorial Edition*

*Savage, despicable evil. Thats what we were fighting in Iraq. Thats why a lot of people, myself included, called the enemy savages. There really was no other way to describe what we encountered there. People ask me all the time, How many people have you killed? My standard response is, Does the answer make me less, or more, of a man? The number is not important to me. I only wish I had killed more. Not for bragging rights, but because I believe the world is a better place without savages out there taking American lives. Everyone I shot in Iraq was trying to harm Americans or Iraqis loyal to the new government.* 
 Chris Kyle, *American Sniper*

This is the hero that the American people are lionizing and holding up so high. This movie is pure propaganda and I refuse to be anyone's useful idiot and support this jingoistic, xenophobic film. 

He referred to people protecting their homeland from an occupying army as savages, I guess that would make the founding fathers and the soldiers who fought in the American revolution savages too then, right ? Wait no, those people were white so they can't be savages, they were patriotic, red blooded Americans. What hypocritical bullshit, enjoy your Academy Award Bradley Cooper, you like, Ben Affleck, sold your soul for your Oscar with a propaganda film.  




 Did you see the recent report that said that the US has already spent 3 trillion in the global war on terror ? 

Who do you think that 3 trillion is owed to ? 

The bulk of it is owed to a slew of defense contractors. Who do you think makes the bombs, tanks, fighter jets, ammo rounds and body bags ? General Electric and their ilk. War is business and business is a booming. 

Do you know who General Smedley Butler is ? He is one of the most decorated General/marines in US military history. He wrote a book in 1933 called *War is a Racket*, in which he atones for his past sins in the US military and admits that it was all for the United Fruit Company, Brown Brothers banking house and a few other major corporations. Here is a link to War is a Racket on YouTube:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EI3lckqaSk0

80 years later its still true that War is a Racket, now more than ever. Listen to what General Butler iterated 80 years ago.  




 The sad thing is you evidently can milk 9/11 for 14 years. All the while you can also bilk the tax payers out of trillions to hand over to Lockheed Martin, Halliburton, Boeing and Northrop Grumman. 

9/11 is a golden goose for defense conglomerates.  




 Goebbels was in favor of free speech for views he liked. So was Stalin. If youre really in favor of free speech, then youre in favor of freedom of speech for precisely the views you despise. Otherwise, youre not in favor of free speech. 

 *Noam Chomsky* 




 I can't remember the last time a news story was so saturated with hypocrisy.  




 Max Blumenthal is the author of *Goliath*:*Life   Loathing in Greater Israel*. Anyone interested in the plight of the Palestinian people should seriously consider reading this book. As a Jewish person, Mr. Blumenthal is allowed to really critique the quagmire in the occupied territories without the fear of being labelled an anti-Semite. 

We should try to support his work, because he is really putting himself out there on the forefront of this debate with this book which I would consider to be his most important piece of writing. He gets called all types of things by the Zionist crowd, self-hating Jew, etc, etc. 

I think writers like him are the most important advocates for a Palestinian state, after all he grew up in a Jewish home and took the birthright trip to Israel so many young Jewish people take. He has an indispensable perspective on the situation in Israel and Palestine.  




 No, I'm not. I'm saying that when the options are Bush and Clinton that you don't have a real choice to make. You have the illusion of choice.
The wealthy megadonors have made your choice for you. Policy will not change with either of these 2 frontrunning candidates taking office. 

The only thing you'll see change is wedge issues, if Bush goes in you'll see abortion rights limited. If Hillary gets elected you'll see marriage equality advance. All of the truly substantive issues will remain the same, we won't leave Afghanistan, we won't end the war on drugs, we won't curtail the global war on terror, we won't do anything about the growing economic inequality and the death of the middle class, etc, etc ... 

In short, Bush and Hillary are 2 sides of the same coin.  




 Yea, its a Simpsons Halloween episode reference. A bit dated, but prescient nonetheless.  




 I think this will be a "don't blame me, I voted for Kodos", election. 




 So the programming begins. It was really important for them to use the adjective, bizarre, in their title. Clearly letting their readers know that this is their wacky news article for the week.  




 Rule #4 - No abusive/threatening language 




 *So brave* 




 Ad hominem attacks such as "antisemitic conspiratard" are the last refuge of people that have lost the debate and have to resort to labeling people they disagree with, with derisive tags as an alternative. 

So I'll go ahead and keep on illuminating people on the issue at hand and you can keep on attempting to assassinate my character and hope that people don't question your motive.  




 Look at /u/ShadowXWarrior and his account overview. This user moderates /r/IsraelandFriends 

Do you honestly think this user is any more impartial than I in this debate. 

Furthermore, isn't it a little strange to go and analyze my entire account history to find what you perceive to be offensive material ? What are the motivations of /u/ShadowxWarrior ? 

That isn't something that one does just on a whim out of some sort of sense of morality. This user is attempting to smear my character and I'm not standing for it. Why don't you address me directly on the points of this debate rather then attempting to engage in a smear campaign ? 

That is, if you think you can debate on the merits of the issue at hand, which is the continued oppression of the people of Palestine on their own land, at the hands of colonial settlers from Israel.  




 I have a lot of respect for Oliver Stone. A lot of people don't know that Stone's son, [Sean Stone, is a 9/11 Truther.](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2387654/Sean-Stone-says-9-11-inside-job-Hezbollah-terrorists.html)

Aside from that Stone's documentary *South of the Border*, is required viewing for anyone interested in the United States involvement in creating coups in nations with democratically elected governments to result in regime change.  




 I love how TimesofIsrael is considered an impartial source of information regarding Israel. For some reason those articles are never considered opinion/analysis pieces.  




 I don't see what that has to do with anything, just by asking that question I can tell you are one of those Hindu nationalists, to whom Modi can do no wrong. 

I am a Sikh. I don't allow my religion to define my worldview. It would appear that you do. That must be a very boring, programmed existence for you, to have your mind made up for you on all the important issues. 

This is you:

"I'm Hindu ! I hate all Muslims ! Go Modi !"

I bet you're a real critical thinker /s.  




 They also haven't passed a resolution condemning India for warring with Pakistan in the Kashmir region. 

If Palestinians who are Muslim, haven't condemned India for the actions taken by India against Pakistan in Kashmir isn't that enough ? 

The fact that India is not a Muslim nation and they still haven't drawn any ire from Palestine, a Muslim nation on the Kashmir quagmire, is evidence enough of their appreciation of India.

Furthermore, what can Palestine do for India when they have Israel breathing down their neck, constantly encroaching on their own land and reducing life in Gaza to an open-air prison. If India would stay the course I'm certain the people of Palestine would reciprocate India's many good deeds if only they could. 

Israeli's are violating a slew of international agreements and UN mandates when they continue to violate Palestinian's human rights in the future Palestinian state. The parallels between what Palestinians are going through now and what Indians were going through under the British Raj are endless. 

Palestine first needs to be in a situation where they can pass some sort of mandate that would be substantive on the Kashmir quagmire. Right now, they are just getting by, surviving on what subsistence Israel allows them. In these troubled times for the Palestinian state, they are using their religion as a pillar to strengthen their resolve. Much like Gandhi and Bhagat Singh did in the face of British oppression. 

They shouldn't be punished for being Muslims, like many of the other Indians on this thread would like to do. The Palestinians are the unabashed victims in this situation and India is flip-flopping on their proud humanitarian history and turning their backs on the colonized to appease the powerful the Western countries (US   UK) that would like nothing more than to see Israel take over all of Palestine. That is what Modi's vision for India is, an appeaser of Western imperialism.  




 No, one Muslim nation, Palestine, is being colonized by Europeans. 

How is it that Indians, the poster children for colonized people can't empathize with people being colonized by Europeans. Its as if the British Raj didn't exist, how soon we forget the horrors of European colonialism when its Muslims being colonized. 

India was once a great example of a burgeoning power that cared about humanitarianism. Now under Modi, we just do what America and England tell us to do, and turn our back on other people that are being colonized my Europeans. This change in policy is rife with hypocrisy.  




 Seeing as how you can't continue with this debate without resorting to absurdities (aliens) I'm through with this back and forth. Its called intelligent discourse, its what adults do, you should try it some time.  




 The religious extremists will support Pakistan, Palestine's government however would support India seeing as how India has close diplomatic ties with India. Furthermore, India was the first non-Arabic country to recognize the PLO. Manmohan Singh also saw to it that India opened up a visa office in Ramallah just last year. 

I don't think you know what you are talking about. [Here's the link to the Wikipedia page detailing India-Palestine relations.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/India%E2%80%93Palestine_relations)

India was once a shining beacon for shaming the rampant colonialism taking place in Palestine and the occupied territories. Modi is ruining that great legacy of humanitarianism. He's turning India into a vassal state of the West, rubber stamping their colonialism at the UN. India might as well just turn over its UN vote to England, with Modi in charge. England and America are calling the shots for Modi, he is their puppet.  




 Good response, I didn't know I was exchanging comments on geopolitics with a 12 year old.  




 No its Modi kowtowing to the West. He is placating the West at every turn and selling out India's sovereignty. No other country in the world was screwed over as much as India because of Western colonialism and now Modi is rubber stamping the exploitation of the Palestinian people just 67 years after India gained their independence from Western hegemony. 

Modi is turning India into a puppet state for the West. India has sovereignty, so they should act like it. Indians would do well to remind themselves that the kind of rationale they're applying to make excuses for Israel is the same kind of reasoning that allowed Britons to ease their conscience about the rape and pillage of India during British colonization.  




 Well just remember that those white people that you're siding with now referred to Indians seeking independence as extremists just 70 years ago. Its a tad bit hypocritical to refer to people that are being colonized now by European colonists as extremists. I guess with that rationale someone like Bhagat Singh was an extremist as well.  




 Yes I was born in India and spent my formative years there. So that apology ...  




 I'm Indian, so good luck with that one.  




 Oh my god ! They almost don't have complete compliance from Congress. The horror ! 

Israel and their continued collective oppression of the Palestinian people on their ancestral land seems to be the only thing that Congress can agree on funding. God forbid we let Israel practice apartheid in the occupied territories of Palestine on their own shekel.    




 "You don't have to go home, but you gotta the heck out of here. "

- Stuart Scott's Sportscenter signoff  




 I got there just fine.  




 Well we do pride ourselves here on being one of the last places on Reddit where things don't get censored and almost anything is allowed to get posted and gets a fair chance of getting upvoted. 

What I can do, as ineffective as it may seem on its face is propose moving no memes up the rule list a few slots, thereby stressing its importance. Right now its the 8th rule of /r/conspiracy but I don't see why it can't be higher up.  




 We try not to remove anything once it reaches the top of the page, even memes. It leads to cries of censorship. Also content control is a slippery slope. 

I don't like seeing memes at the top of the page either, they never provide any new content and usually tend to lend themselves to circlejerking. 

The key is to get to memes before they fly up the page and accumulate hundreds of upvotes in a matter of an hour or two. 

If I see a good self post, I'll always suggest stickying it to other mods. Our sidebar picture right now links to a great self post by a user about trolls. 

If you submit a really good self post that you put a lot of time into and is of good quality, message the mods about it so it doesn't fall by the wayside. We'll always consider stickying a good self post.  




 Racial slurs will not be tolerated. Continued usage of racial slurs will result in a ban.  




 I meant how are they going to justify it to the user when they inquire how it falls under the category of politics, as in right vs. left, blue team vs. red team. In other words, its not explicitly political, only vaguely political.  




 These removals from /r/TIL seem to be getting more and more brazen. Good catch on the removal this submission is about, I wonder how they're going to justify this one ?  




 [Relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yuC_4mGTs98)

This is James Corbett's short 5 minute video called, 9/11: A Conspiracy Theory that briefly exposes all of the inaccuracies of the events that purportedly took place that day.  




 That all the countries that don't have central banks with Western controlled central bankers running things, happen to be the same exact countries that the United States and NATO seem to have problems with. I'm sure that doesn't have anything to do with the fact that these countries want to control their own natural resources and the currency that values them. 

Just look at the countries the United States is currently beefing with, its the ones that aren't in debt to Anglo-American bankers, like Syria, Iran, North Korea. You can take Iraq and Libya off of that increasingly short list of truly sovereign nations.  




 That the vast majority of the mass media, be it mainstream news, magazines, radio stations, major Hollywood film studios, and television networks are owned predominantly by one group of people. There's no way that happens without some sort of collusion on some level.  




 Oscar from Fruitvale Station.  




 The Town  




 This is profound.  




 [The Money Masters is a must-see for anyone interested in currency, finance, the Rothschilds, and paper money. It is made by Bill Still, the subject of our most recent AMA here on /r/conspiracy.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iDtBSiI13fE)

On its face, this 3 and 1/2 hour documentary may seem like a daunting task, but its one of the most rewarding documentaries you will ever see. It answers a slew of elusive questions and portrays the Rothschilds in a realistic manner, sourcing the family's meteoric rise to rule the world of finance.  




 If they do that they'll also raise the population of India 100%.  




 Never mind, I saw it, its right on the front page. Thank you !  




 Could you please link me to the submission when you get a chance ?  




 Racial slurs will not be tolerated. This is your one and only warning, the next time you use a racial slur on this sub you will be banned.  




 Racial slurs will not be tolerated. This is your warning, if it continues you will be banned.  




 Answers to leading questions under torture naturally tell us nothing about the beliefs of the accused; but they are good evidence for the beliefs of the accusers. 

 C.S. Lewis, *The Discarded Image: An Introduction to Medieval and Renaissance Literature* 




 I don't think they shove them down people's throats like they do here in America. I'm Indian, and the police in India don't have a slew of television shows and number one films made about them. As a matter of fact, the police in India are pretty much reviled, everyone is always going on about how hopelessly corrupt they are. 

I think the dozen new cop shows every fall is an explicitly American phenomenon. There's a difference between having novels about a detective, in Sherlock Holmes, and being inundated with procedural cop shows on television.  




 I wish there was a way for Congress to make accurately reporting how many people they kill a precondition for the police to be able to receive military equipment from the federal government. 

That would definitely force police departments to accurately report these figures. Otherwise they would lose the new found tools of oppression and instruments of death that they love to parade around on and with.  




 I always tell people this. The first step to curtailing the police state is to stop watching shows like Law   Order, 24 and NCIS. We have to lower the prestige of the police state in America. 

Literally the biggest hit comedy film this past summer was 22 Jump Street. That's not some mistake. Its not an accident that 'cop shows' are a genre in and of themselves in American television and film. We are programmed to always give the police the benefit of the doubt in any situation.  




 I can't think of anything that would have a greater likelihood of creating extremists.  




 No, I never got a chance to. My entire /r/documentaries career lasted about a month. I didn't know The Greatest Story Never Told existed before I was banned. If I wasn't banned from that sub that would be the first thing I'd do there. 

Someone should try, I'm certain they'd find a reason to remove it, but its still worth a shot. 




 I posted this in the comments section of the other submission about /r/documentaries and Monsanto so I'll just copy and paste it here:

I've had bad experiences with the mod team over at /r/documentaries.

For a few weeks I posted great documentaries there that regularly made it to the top of the page. I posted a documentary about Monsanto and it made it to the top of the page and the comments section got wiped out. The shills lost the PR battle in the comments section so the mods took it upon themselves to remove all of the comments.

The straw that broke the camels back was when I posted a documentary about Israel and Zionism and Palestine. It was removed and when I inquired to the mod team I was accused of having an agenda and attempting to use /r/documentaries as my personal soap box. When I countered by sayng that their censorship of my documentary was evidence of the mods of /r/documentaries having an agenda, I was banned. I never did attempt to appeal my ban. Why ? Cause fuck them that's why. /r/Documentaries is discredited in my eyes. You can post as many documentaries there as you want about Isis or Al-Qaeda, but not Israel. It upsets the narrative to much I suppose. 




 I've had bad experiences with the mod team over at /r/documentaries. 

For a few weeks I posted great documentaries there that regularly made it to the top of the page. I posted a documentary about Monsanto and it made it to the top of the page and the comments section got wiped out. The shills lost the PR battle in the comments section so the mods took it upon themselves to remove all of the comments. 

The straw that broke the camels back was when I posted a documentary about Israel and Zionism and Palestine. It was removed and when I inquired to the mod team I was accused of having an agenda and attempting to use /r/documentaries as my personal soap box. When I countered by sayng that their censorship of my documentary was evidence of the mods of /r/documentaries having an agenda, I was banned. I never did attempt to appeal my ban. Why ? Cause fuck them that's why. /r/Documentaries is discredited in my eyes. You can post as many documentaries there as you want about Isis or Al-Qaeda, but not Israel. It upsets the narrative to much I suppose.  




 This edition of Red Ice Radio is all about this topic, its called, ["Hate Propaganda" Legislation in Canada.](http://www.redicecreations.com/radio/2014/11/RIR-141112.php) It goes into great detail how the Zionist lobby in Canada is limiting on speech on anything with respect to Israel or Zionism. Its pretty despicable.  




 [The one where Stephen tackles the #CancelColbert controversy.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MBPgXjkfBXM)  




 UFOS, anything to do with extraterrestrials at Area 51, I think those "conspiracy theories" are planted by disinfo agents to make us, conspiracy theorists (though I'm not a big fan of that phrase) look bad.  




 [For anyone interested, Jeffrey Goldberg was also a former Israeli prison guard, during the 1st Intifada. So that pretty much removes any objectivity that Mr. Goldberg may have had in reporting on events taking place in the Middle East with respect to Israel.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeffrey_Goldberg#Background) 




 Yea, I linked to the wrong article. I'll resubmit with the correct URL later on. Thanks for the heads up, I appreciate it.  




 For anyone wondering, the submission was removed for being "Off Topic" despite the fact that it deals explicitly with US politics. Certain mods over at /r/politics displayed stunning judgement when they said that this submission somehow had to do with Israeli politics. 

I even messaged them selected paragraphs from the article that demonstrated how this article dealt specifically with US politics and the IAC (Israeli American Committee) which is basically another AIPAC, and they still said that the article was "Off Topic". 

Pretty poor judgement, something tells me they didn't even read the parts of the article that I messaged them. They had their minds made up, regardless of what was in the article.  




 Lupe Fiasco is my favorite rapper, his lyrical content and subject matter are unmatched by any other rapper or mainstream artist that are his contemporaries. 

His content is so good that it actually makes me feel embarrassed for liking rappers like Jay-Z when I was younger. Couple that with the fact that he has come out for 9/11 truth in a mainstream single and he is simply one of my favorite people, rapper or otherwise, period.  




 "Some people are the greatest people on Earth with good hearts and will get in the studio and make the most negative music in the world for the sake of success. That's what the music business does to you. That's what capitalism does to you."

 - *Lupe Fiasco*

 




 Its called planned obsolescence and its a scourge upon the planet. 

How else are the titans of capitalism supposed to fuel their infinite growth paradigm on a finite planet ? Fleece the masses and make the biosphere in the developing and third world pay the price. E-waste is the fastest growing type of waste on Earth and something has to be done about it before it begins polluting the ocean and becomes the new plastic.  




 I think that's a great idea, and thank you for taking a genuine interest in the state of the sub. Users like you keep this place interesting, don't let the shills get you down. 

I know what its like to have yourself invested in your own self-post. You feel like those are your words, thoughts and iterations that are being ridiculed by a seemingly endless cadre of shills, trolls and conspiratards. Try to look at it this way, your iterations are provoking this response from these shills because they don't want the users here to be emboldened enough to submit their own original content to this sub. They don't want this place to be one that is friendly to original thoughts, they want you to be scared of criticism. 

In short, they don't want anyone here to get enough confidence in themselves by way of positive feedback from the /r/conspiracy community because then they might have another James Corbett on their hands to worry about.  




 Okay, the Russ Baker AMA is going to be up for a few more days for visibility, this Sunday evening when that AMA has run its course I will put this submission before the rest of the mod team for stickying. If you log into Reddit on Sunday night or Monday morning and this submission is stickied atop the front page, you'll know who to thank. 

I think that self posts about visiting the new page should be stickied every 2-3 months just to remind /r/conspiracy users how important it is that the new submissions page not be manipulated in any way.  




 Content control is a slippery slope, I see plenty of things that I would like to remove, but that would lead to inevitable cries of censorship. What we like to do is let the users decide what should make it to the top of the page. If you want to do a good write up/self-post encouraging more users to visit the new submissions page then I would definitely present it to the other mods for a sticky nomination. I think you make several valid points here. 

If I had my way I would remove the majority of UFO/ancient alien submissions made to the sub, but I can't do that without alienating some of our userbase or being accused of being some sort of malicious government censorship agent, when in reality I just find UFO conspiracies to be childish and amateur. As a matter of fact I would even go as far as saying that some of those UFO video submissions are submitted here by the conspiratard crowd and brigaded to the top of the page to make us seem like a less serious sub, of course I have no way of proving that. 

But I digress, write up a good self post encouraging users to visit the new page more often and I'll nominate it to be stickied atop the page for a few days and if its agreed upon your sticky will go up and you'll see the quality of the front page go up drastically. That way front page submissions are better and the mods won't hear cries of censorship either.  




 [The new Pentagon defense budget for 2015 actually includes an additional $351 million for upgrades to the Israeli Iron Dome defense system, so I don't think this is even something anyone in the administration is even mulling.](http://thinkprogress.org/world/2014/12/04/3599827/defense-bill/) 

The FreeBeacon is a conservative news outlet, so they'll take any criticism of Israel by the administration and make it out to be much larger than it is. How could the US sanction Israel while giving $3 plus billion in aid ? If the US really wanted to damage Israel they would just cut off some of the exorbitant foreign aid Israel gets, there would be no need to go through the UN to sanction them.  




 "Rambler felt things got off to an unfortunate, if familiar, start when he learned that the **House and Senate Armed Services Committee had decided to use the lame-duck session of Congress and the National Defense Authorization Act to give 2,400 acres of the Tonto National Forest in Arizona to a subsidiary of the Australian-English mining giant Rio Tinto.**"

The song remains the same, how is this any different then colonial settlers claiming manifest destiny to push Native American tribes off their land in the 19th century ? Except instead of manifest destiny, they have modern day legalese to back up their claim to the land. The end result however is the same, Native Americans being pushed off their land so someone else can profit off of natural resources that rightfully belong to the Natives.  




 They tend to do a lot of Islamic terrorist fear mongering, that is my only real gripe with them. They recently released a documentary called "Inside ISIS" or something to that effect, that was all about how bad ISIS is and how someone has to do something about it.  




 I visited that walking dead wikipedia page that another user linked to, and apparently I also downplayed his body count in Woodbury as well. You should just visit that wikia page, they did a better job than I did. The killing of the butchers was a good one, and I'm surprised I missed it, that whole episode was a bloodbath.  




 True enough. I like choppy choppy BTW, its a nice way of putting a gruesome ending for Gareth.  




 Norman Reedus is a terrific actor. I don't think any other actor on the show has had their character allowed to flourish as much as Norman Reedus's depiction of Darryl Dixon. 

In the first 2 seasons you only got to see angry Darryl or impatient Darryl, of course in season 3 his brother Merle's passing let you see angry/sad Darryl. In this past episode you could see that he was inconsolable. I would like to think that what got him is that an innocent, young life was cut down so suddenly right in front of his eyes.  




 Chronological order:

1. 2 guys in the Nebraska episode in Season 2

2. Shane in Season 2

3. Tomas at the prison in Season 3

4. A few (approximately 2 I think) of the governors people in Woodbury in Season 3 

5. Rick killed that member of the marauders in the house that he, Michonne and "Coral" were staying at, in the bathroom upstairs in Season 4.

6. At the end of Season 4 Rick killed the guy who tried to rape "Coral" and the guy he bit, so that one was a twofer. 

7. Rick began Season 5 putting up some numbers, he killed according to my estimations 4 people during the great escape from Terminus, remember he sneaked up behind them with an automatic rifle and took out their legs, leaving them to be killed by nearby walkers. 

8. Then Rick killed Gareth in the church because he made him a promise, and what good is a man who can't keep his word ? 

9. And of course this past episode started with a bang with Rick taking out that cop who wouldn't listen to him. 

So according to my estimations, that makes a grand total of 15 people that Rick has turned into walkers.  




 This movie is a must see for anyone interested in the history of paper money, the Rothschilds, currency in America   Europe and the effects of these things on political and military history over the last 3 centuries. 

This movie has received several nominations for our documentary of the month in the past, but for whatever reason has always come up just short.  




 More power to these women for fighting back against these animals. When Indian men act like this it should be the responsibility of other Indian men to stand up and crack them in their fucking jaws. 

These Indian "men" do a disservice to all other Indian men around the globe when they act like animals and prey upon young women. It doesn't make Indians around the world look good when their countrymen are behaving like ravenous rapists and molesters. 

It also screws with tourism in India, which as everyone here knows is a sizable chunk of the economy. You can't blame people from the West for not wanting to go India  on holiday if they are going to be concerned about the safety of the women accompanying them on the trip the whole time. 

The other people on the bus also didn't do anything, they just stood by and let it happen. If I was there those dudes would've each gotten a right hand to the jaw.  




 Well it sounds like Ross just discovered their new advertising slogan to me:

"I gotta go to Ross right now homie !" 




 SHOW SPOILER: 

Best, most underrated villain the show has ever had. Its a shame he was killed off so quickly, although I suppose Rick did make him a promise.  




 I don't know what that would accomplish. 

I take it that you are not going to remove the submission and thereby are encouraging your users to engage in vote manipulation. If that is the case then just say so, and I'll be on my merry way.

BTW your own sidebar ends with "Furthermore thou shalt not brigade."

Way to selectively enforce your own rules. 




 Its the intention, if you make it an np submission then you are suggesting the users of your subreddit not participate in the submission over on /r/conspiracy. 

Simply submitting it to /r/undelete is a clear signal and invitation to your users to go ahead and brigade the thread. If anything, marking it [META] does nothing.  




 Shouldn't this be a non-participation submission to avoid vote brigading ? 

This submission is still on the front page of /r/conspiracy. Flairing it META does nothing to avoid vote brigading. /r/Conspiracy even changed their sidebar picture to one that is about this very submission. Its highly misleading to have it posted here like this as it suggests that the mods of /r/conspiracy (myself included) removed the submission in an act of overt censorship.  




 They flaired it META as somewhat of an indication that it is not in fact deleted but its still highly misleading that its posted there in the first place, I hate when they do that. Honest mistake.  




 Its not deleted, what are you talking about ?  




 (Hikes pants up) 




 Collective fear stimulates herd instinct, and tends to produce ferocity toward those who are not regarded as members of the herd. 

 Bertrand Russell, *Unpopular Essays* 




 This picture makes me furious. 

This store owner is an Indian immigrant, he came here with nothing and tried to make something of himself. He doesn't have a dog in this fight, why are these rioters attempting to destroy his livelihood ? These convenience store owners don't even make that much money in the first place. My friends dad owns a convenience store just like this one and he's not exactly raking in the dough, this store owner probably makes most of his money from selling lottery tickets and tobacco products, just like the Swisher Sweets Michael Brown strong arm robbed from this very store.  So first he gets robbed by Michael Brown, then rioters and looters attempt to upend the way that he provides for his family in a vain attempt of misguided and misdirected anger. Their solution for police brutality is to rob someone who came here from a very poor country to earn a living, good job protesters /s. 

Source: Indian  




 Season 2 was by far the worst season. You can make a case for character development, but I thought the writing for said character development was ham-handed at best. 

IMHO, season 5 is the best season, even though its only 7 episodes in, the action   acting in just the first 3 episodes made it better than season 2 in its entirety.  




 "Maybe that's what cops in ~~Atlanta~~ America are like though..."

FTFY  




 The mistake our politicians so often make with these industry leaders is in thinking they are interested in, or respectful of, the power of government. All they want is to keep stealing. If you can offer them the governments seal of approval on that, theyll take it. But if you cant, well, theyll take that too. 

 Matt Taibbi, *Griftopia: Bubble Machines, Vampire Squids, and the Long Con That Is Breaking America* 




 He's the Ex-CIA head of the Bin Laden division. I never alter the titles of my submissions in any way. The person who submitted the original content to YouTube decide for whatever reason to refer to Mr. Scheuer that way. The only thing I changed was making the all-caps "MUST SEE", lowercase, as it would violate rule #6 of the sub.  




 They have effectively socialized losses through taxpayer funded bank bailouts and kept the gains, which have never been larger, privatized. 

Its akin to going to a casino with a rich buddy and having them spot you on your gambling money, and keeping whatever you are able to win from the casino for yourself, only in this paradigm the rich buddy is the American taxpayer.  




 Fascism should more appropriately be called Corporatism because it is a merger of state and corporate power 

 Benito Mussolini, *The Doctrine of Fascism*  




 Okay, I'll delete and repost from YouTube, I found an HD version of the clip.  




 Seeing this posts shitty title confirmed it for me already :( 

I really like this sub, but I hate the casual Comic book spoilers cause I know how much AMC sticks to the comics.  




 Why don't you flair this "Comic Spoiler" ? 

The title of your post makes it pretty implicit that Eugene dies in the comic books, thereby making it very likely that he'll die on the show. Thanks for that. Dick.  




 Thank you. 




 Okay so copy the URL of your submission and in between the www.Reddit put in np, example:

www.np.Reddit.com 




 I hate to do this, but can you delete this submission and repost it with no at the beginning, for non participation, lest the sub get accused of vote brigading. 

Its only been up for 8 minutes so I don't think its a big deal. I can practically see the message from the admins about it already. So can you please delete this and resubmit it np.Reddit.com instead ?  




 Upvote for excellent usage of kerfuffel.  




 Did you watch the video ? 

They ripped off his "Web Redemption" which is what really angered Tosh. He spent a full minute acknowledging the fact that he doesn't own the funny clip tv show format. Its the fact that the hack from ESPN did what amounted to a Web Redemption on ESPN and even used Tosh's phrase word-for-word with the Web Redemption guest:

"Are you ready to give it another shot ?" 

To say that the guy from ESPN didn't rip off the Web Redemption would be pretty inaccurate.  




 "At least when Bush lied, no one died."

[Tell that to the half a million dead Iraqis.](http://www.psmag.com/navigation/politics-and-law/better-stab-estimating-many-died-iraq-war-68419/)  




 This is what happens when you regularly appoint heads of the FCC that previously worked for telecom giants. You think Tom Wheeler cares more about what President Obama or his former employer Verizon, an affiliation which absolutely got him the job as head of the FCC ? 

What Tom Wheeler, formerly of Verizon, is doing with the FCC is the same exact thing that [Michael R. Taylor, former VP of Monsanto is doing with the FDA.](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/jeffrey-smith/youre-appointing-who-plea_b_243810.html)

The appointments of a former head of Verizon and a former VP of Monsanto to head the FCC   FDA by the Obama administration is a perfect example of this President allowing the foxes to guard the hen house. 




 Of course he is. 

2 weeks ago Jon Stewart spent the entire first segment of the Daily Show, making fun of the fact that Charlie Crist put a fan under his podium during the debate and that Florida Governor Rick Scott wouldn't debate him while the fan was there. This led to a 10 minute segment about dick jokes featuring the map of Florida.

John Oliver on the other hand will spend 15 minutes on one ACTUAL topic, and thoroughly discuss it, presenting both sides of the debate, as irrational as one side of the debate may be. Jon Stewart's bit is hackneyed and with Stephen Colbert leaving to host the Late Show next year, the path is clear for John Oliver to take over as the best current events/political comedy show on television.  




 There was also record low voter turnout this year. We haven't had voter turnout this low since World War II. You can't complain about kicking all the bums out and simultaneously sit at home on election day. 

The underlying issue is that access to voting in America is not easily accessible. You have to increase the hours of voting, and place more polling stations in higher population density, low-income, urban neighborhoods to truly address the issue. I'll cite a purely anecdotal example, myself, I leave work at 5:30 and then have to take a train   a bus home, leaving me just 45 minutes to vote after I get home. I got it done, but I imagine if I had to wait in line, instead of simply walking into my suburban polling station.  




 Its cause us Americans are so fat.  




 There's no one to police the police.  




 What I'd like to know is why Matt Taibbi *really* left Glen Greenwald's *The Intercept*. Back when I had more faith in Greenwald, I was initially excited to see that Taibbi had joined them as well. Then all of a sudden he dropped out from the fledgling news magazine last week, without writing one article. I wonder what happened behind the scenes between Taibbi   Greenwald ?  




 Why not just sentence them to death at this point ?  




 TL;DR ? 

The answer is 14, 14 countries, that we've either bombed or occupied since 1980.

The definition of insanity truly is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.  




 Nah, I wish. 

If you're referring to the fact that he used a screenshot of my submission from /r/conspiracy about censorship on /r/worldnews, I did let out a tiny, audible squeal when I saw that. I can't believe that something I submitted to /r/conspiracy made the CorbettReport. If just goes to show you that even James Corbett realizes blatant censorship when he sees it.  




 Stories like this make my blood boil. The same thing happened [just this past September as well.]( http://www.mintpressnews.com/video-baby-taken-parents-father-admitted-using-marijuana-murdered-foster-care/197034/) 




