 Small correction, that first picture is Beacon Hill, not South Boston.  




 This is how doctors are trained. Just goes to show you can't make everyone happy. 




 sounds like he had you pegged 




 Psshhh, they were doing that in russia and china a long time ago. 




 from boston, can confirm 




 Good and bad is basically irrelevant. It's "mine" and "yours." 














 My parents (near retirement age) have far more than this saved. They both drive cars that are more than 10 years old and hardly ever go out to eat. My dad uses a prepaid cellphone from 7-11. My mom spends most of her time at work running a cash register. For them a 50 dollar dinner would be an extravagance. They may be "rich" in a global sense but it certainly doesn't look like it in their daily lives. 




 I support fully 




 I'll quote myself from another thread on this:
Doctors just can't win with opioids. 20 Years ago they were taking all kinds of flack for under-prescribing pain killers and not properly assessing pain. Now everyone accuses them of using too many opioids. Ten years ago they were getting flack for under-assessing pain in women and under-prescribing them opioids. Now they prescribe too many. How about let doctors treat the patient's pain to the patient's satisfaction and if that patient can't handle their meds responsibly it's their own fucking fault. All the opioid addiction hysteria is moronic. 




 It sounds like he was just walking around with a white coat and not actually meeting with patients. People were just assuming he was a doctor. He was also african american and I wonder if some people weren't suspicious but didn't want to be the guy who accused the black guy of not being a doctor if he did in fact turn out to be one. 




 It sort of seems like if you're a janitor and don't want an immigrant taking your job you are a xenophobic racist.....but if you're a software engineer and don't want an immigrant taking your job you're just protecting the American workforce. 




 The most disturbing thing on there is that younger people have a more favorable view of the NSA than older people. WTF. 




 I've been shooting guns since I was about five. It all depends on if there is proper supervision and an appropriate firearm. In this case there was neither and criminal negligence (IMO) occurred. 

This is the type of firearm in question https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-SZ7cwzILBU

There is no way an 8 year old can be expected to control such a thing. I wouldn't trust an adult without a decent amount of training. 




 Doctors just can't win with opioids. 20 Years ago they were taking all kinds of flack for under-prescribing pain killers and not properly assessing pain. Now everyone accuses them of using too many opioids. Ten years ago they were getting flack for under-assessing pain in women and under-prescribing them opioids. Now they prescribe too many. How about let doctors treat the patient's pain to the patient's satisfaction and if that patient can't handle their meds responsibly it's their own fucking fault. All the opioid addiction hysteria is moronic. 




 That is largely bullshit. Yes the MCAS scholarship provides for free tuition, but at UMass Amherst for a resident the yearly tuition is $1714 while the fees (not covered by the scholarship) are $11544. 




 you have no reason to believe this man was sane 




 It's fucking bullshit. I went on a no-pants T ride and now I have to register with the state. 




 I'm all about free speech but when people like you say stupid stuff they should be sent to prison. 




 listen to yourself 




 Im not anti-gun by any means, but I am against handguns because 




 As long as we're speculating, maybe if the doctor had been allowed to have a firearm at work he could have defended himself (BWH bans firearms). Or maybe the scumbag had the drop on him and it wouldn't have mattered if he used a gun, knife, golf club, etc.  




 Yea, probably region dependent. Around here we have "electric vehicle parking" (no plug). It's to make it clear that they are "GREEN" and not a baby-shooting rethuglican. 




 The shooter also left a wife and bunch of kids to clean up his mess. What a piece of shit. 




 some would say by joining the military you are "earning it for yourself" 




 meh, it's the internet who gives a fuck. It's funny how no one ever says shit like this in person. 




 Why the fuck are there "veterans-only" spots? That's just some stupid shit. 
-a veteran 




 Is it too late to speculate wildly?

1) person whose spouse/child had bad outcome
2) jilted lover 




 I think Japan's full fury would be some very limited F-15 strikes because they would have to fly halfway across the world and do a bunch of aerial refueling. They have very limited offensive capability.  




 exactly, rich people LOVE paying for poor peoples kids 




 So can we catch them in nets, lock them up, and force them to take medication? 




 sounds like you do 




 This is kind of located out in the boonies of Worcester, I wish they could get more stuff like this going on down town or in the canal district. There are a lot of empty buildings/underutilized buildings. 




 Also Marine (just a grunt, not sniper)...yea the hollywood shit killed it for me. The best was when he decides to "go clear houses with Marines" and proceeds to start teaching them stuff during a gunfight. Like....thanks for abandoning your post, now we have no overwatch in exchange for a doosh who is using different SOPs than rest of the squad. Awesome.  




 Typical Massachusetts :/ 




 So the sum result of this stunt may be to increase the police powers of the state and make future, perhaps more reasonable, targeted protests increasingly costly. What a win. 




 I sit down to poop 




 I don't really know, the article seemed to imply that women without good access to bathing facilities where at higher risk for GU infections during their menses. Baby wipes are good for the bits, though I imagine cleaning man bits is easier. 




 Your "buddies opinion," what a cop-out you coward.  




 Thats the funny thing

Middle class white guy on his way to work in finance: "Hey boss, some retards blocked the pike so I'm gonna be late" Boss: "No problem Jim."

Poor hispanic guy on his way to construction site: "Hey boss, I'm stuck in traffic because of a protest" Boss: "Not my problem dipshit, I'm docking your pay for the morning and if this happens again you're done!" 




 Man for a someone so concerned about the downtrodden you certainly have a proclivity for snobby, generalizing statements about people you don't know. 




 Rambo 4 was way better. 




 No shit......that was the worst part of the movie. It would have been better if they had reduced the number of guys he was facing by a factor of 10. 




 Uh, not really much to share. Didn't have any kind of running water or tubs so we used baby wipes and bottled water. It sucked cause it was the winter most of the time. Striping down and scrubbing with bottled water in 30 degrees isn't fun. We smelled bad, but you got used to it after a while.  




 He makes stupid people feel smart. It's his schtick. He has exactly 5 first author publications in research journals. He is more of an entertainer than a scientist.  




 The great thing about America is that you don't have to go to the doctor if you don't want to. 




 Or Bill Clinton for that matter 




 One of the less acknowledged limitations to woman serving in combat roles. In Afghanistan I literally went 6 months without a shower. 




 The author isn't even that attractive, middle of the road for OKC in a big city at best (we have a mutual friend). FWIW my much more attractive girlfriend took the initiative and messaged me. I don't think any sane guy sees it as a sign of desperation. From my perspective the best dates I went on were always with girls that were actually enthusiastic about dating. They didn't want to chat back and forth for days. I'd just send my first message asking them out and they would say yes. The wishy washy ones always ended up sucking. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgwkuVWITFo#t=164

This is what explosive breaching was invented for 




 Updating.........Updating......... 




 I think that photo may just be a joke because of the ineffective gags. 




 aww, white didn't get a capital letter :( 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYX7KVEtfLo

I really like this one for the Ukranian military 




 I am very sorry for your loss. Has it been officially ruled a suicide? There could be important life insurance implications if it is suicide vs an accident. 




 I'd say Europeans spend a whole lot more time criticizing the USA about its healthcare laws and gun laws than American spend criticizing Europeans laws. Most Americans don't know or give a shit. 




 God bless America 




 Comparing it in absolute terms is stupid because salaries vary between states. 




 What the fuck does that have to do with Canada in WW2?

 




 It's a war. Shit happens. 









 Don't respond to anyone in DTX 




 Poor bastard is a murder.....thats all ANYONE knows about him now....so fuck him 




 "One to screw in the bulb, one to hold the camera, and 19 to scream 'Allahu Akbar!!!'" 




 Nothing meaningful will happen. Thanks public sector unions!! 




 I assure you that members of the REAL military (ie. Infantry, Armor, Arty, Engineers, etc.) are for the most part embarrassed by such bullshit. They're also being paid at about 1/10 the rate of the BPD. 




 oddly hush hush 




 When these two are in agreement it is pretty clear the police have fucked the pooch. 




 That's different, they're trying to show off their achievemnt 




 afgans sit to piss 




 Good shoot. Hopefully Jawaad's buddies get charged with felony murder. 




 So you're blaming it on black people? 




 Absolutely. When you create conditions in which a leader fears to leave office to an opposing party due to possible prosecution you set yourself up for a bad situation. 
Source: Most of Asia, Africa, South America, Eastern Europe 




 it's a very white state 




 No. Military is for stupid people. Smart people bitch about their college loans and shitty jobs on reddit... 




 So they should be good outside of 1000 meters, right? 




 I wish a bunch of asian americans could get together and make sitcom about an asian american family on a HBO or something. It would hilarious. 




 If they want more attention could I suggest setting stuff on fire? 




 The funny part is that the residents are probably the ones that preformed the surgery. Running to an attorney is definitely a good first step. American healthcare in a nutshell ladies and gents. 




 Why would you lie to your doctor about your medical history? If you don't think you can speak frankly with your physician, find another one. 




 of course if no one allowed residents in, we wouldn't have doctors anymore :( 




 I wonder what she signed. 




 Yup, that was definitely the blown to shit place in the green zone. We were told never to go inside because supposedly it had a bunch of UXO. I took this pic nearby http://imgur.com/z0UGqSP I also had some jerk toss a frag at me in that neighborhood.  




 Where was PB Woqab in relation to the DC? We didn't have a position named Woqab when I was there. Our positions consisted of OP Himmel, OP Lakeside (across the west wadi from Himmel), the DC, PB Habib (north of DC in the city), Roshan Tower, PB Kunjak (East of DC in the middle of a wadi), and PB Griffin and OP Panda Ridge (both north of PB Habib and I think built after the Brits left.) There was also "Post 6" which was a huge hesco fort built out east of the DC and run by the ANA, and an abandoned compound near a bridge in the green zone that had been blown all to hell (the locals said the british used it for a base). 




 This is bullshit. We've bled enough for Iraq. This time the mission should be colonization. If America has to go in there again we get the land and the oil. There's our way, and there's Saddam's way at this point. 




 They would run shit 




 Like with axes? 




 It worked during WW2 




 An argument against cultural relativism if I ever saw one. 




 And thousands of hipster voices cried out from the abyss... 




 If he's gonna get all huffy about definitions he is wrong. It was a "flashbang" or stun grenade. A concussion grenade is a military weapon designed to produce lethal effects without fragmentation. 




 http://cryptome.org/info/ak01/pict29.jpg

American B52s pound Taliban positions in the early stages of Operation Enduring Freedom 




 http://carryingthegun.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/iraq-shock-and-awe.jpg

Shock and Awe 2003 




 http://i.imgur.com/26rIP2A.jpg

Marines cross the Diyala Bridge during the invasion of Iraq. Some pretty incredible pictures of the battle in this album. http://www.garyknightphotography.com/index.php#mi=2 pt=1 pi=10000 s=22 p=1 a=0 at=0 




 Highway of Death, first Gulf War. I'd say this is probably the previous generation. 




 What does it explain?  




 As does south korea 




 Wormtown is opening a big taproom in worcester pretty soon 




 Wow its crazy that telecom is so low. Also, they have Hospital and Healthcare....what does that mean? 




 This is so true. 









 shaddup abdul 




 yea....that's reddit for you 




