 God.
Damnit.

I will find you, and I will play Barbie Girl RIGHT AT YOU
 




 /r/whatsthisbug might enjoy this one.  




 I just said "If you want me for anything, I'm super active on Google+"

Got the one circle notification a week later. If they don't want to join, let 'em be.

I still have my FB open, but I connect it to nothing, just in case some distant friend wants me for something. 




 Motivated me to lose weight.

/r/loseit 

/r/keto 

and /r/getmotivated got me going. Now it's just a case of keeping at it. 




 (Sorry for the thumbnail there, it's all I've got on the guy, a photo of the sign taken while out running) 









 I drink a lot of Jack Daniels + Apple Juice when I go out sometimes. Stuff's killer.

If I'm feeling particularly flash, I go for White Russians. (Kahlua, Vodka, cream and milk)

Abide. 




 Applejack. Followed by my own art.
Followed by more ponies.

Yeah, that's me alright. 




 Conehead slays me every time

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORQFk5GcgFI 




 (Replied to Fic7i0n41 :) ) 




 A bit of both, really. My home city was ravaged by a plague, forcing survivors to flee. 

During my escape attempt, I was confronted by a wolf. I didn't really learn I was cursed until my 3rd transformation, at that point, I had gained some control over the beast inside.

I have since made it to another city, but the situation here is so tough, I'm merely making ends meet by doing odd jobs here and there, before leaving the city at night, just in case.

And, for my dietary needs, I have been eating a lot more meat. Rarer, too. Comes with the species, I suppose. 




 I'm 25, and I'm a female, if that counts for anything. Only one other person knows of my curse, and she's sworn to keep it secret. 




 Feels good having a local lad win the gold! Went to school and hung in the pub 2 minute down th' road from my current residence. 

We're ripping it up in the Velodrome, eh? They were right with "Home turf advantage" Never seen the brits go mad for it like they have been doing for the past week and a half 




 Obligatory /r/asexuality plug 




 22, Male, Warehouser/Game Designer in Training 




 That's pretty easy, It was one of my first.

I was hired by a Canir - A canine-looking race of people - to find her husband - who had gone missing a year or two ago, who was a Human. Now, I'm not one for interracial relationships - but hey, who am I to argue?

Anyway, after a month or two I found the poor guy begging in one of the slums on a Purseus station. He'd come here to get some "Augs"

Unfortunately, the guy didn't read the T Cs correctly and got filled with untested Augs. Became a Guinea Pig. It was like looking at a Picasso Painting. Didn't want to go home to his partner, so he spent years on Purseus. Took him back after a lot of persuading. 

He wasn't the only guy affected by these cowboy implanters. Station #7 is filled with them.

But what got me the most, was despite his grotesque appearance, his partner still took him back without so much as a second look at him.

Love is a helluva drug. But you won't ever catch me with Augs, even though every other D in the Universe is rocking them. 




 I change it up. 

Sometimes, I'll wear a button-up shirt open, over a plain t-shirt or just a plain graphic tee, either wearing jeans or cargo pants.
Skate shoes or steel-toed work boots.

I have long hair, pretty much always tied up in a Ponytail
(I'm Male)
 




 They're pretty common out in the far reaches of the Andromeda, but the areas close to the transporter gates are squeaky clean, although the songs you speak of aren't really well known any more. It's all about the thumping basslines and the wacky synthesiser in most places.

Don't get me started on the "Dames". You wouldn't believe how many times I've been tailing a guy and he's sent a fine lookin' lass over to "see" me. More often than not, it's a distraction. They're easy to spot when they're only a distraction. Comes with the job. 




 Toan is pretty robotic, really. He's a little boring, but he's really helpful! I should really get a fun AI one day, just to see his reaction.

Travelling times between galaxies are pretty instantaneous, the gates enable this - it's just the travelling _to_ the gates that take time! Most gates are a few days travel from the more popular areas, thanks mostly to FTL travel. 

So in short - Average is a few days.

None of us really know how the gates work, though. 




 Male, 22, English.
As of 1st August 2012 - I am 265lbs and 6ft 2in

Might be a good motivation to actually fully jump on board! 




 Can't talk too much about my latest quarry, hell, don't know much about him myself yet. 

It's the year 2150 in standard Earth (Not like that means much anymore..), though the rest of the Universe has their calendars set at 6630.

I have a small frigate I pilot alongside my ship's AI, Toan

Ask me Anything!  




 I may have misheard that, but did he say something about "The President of the United Kingdom"?

Edit: After a re-listen on my home speakers rather than my crappy work speakers, he says "Leaders, past and present of the United Kingdom" 




 Oh, cool. It was such a strange find for me, I've never seen anything other than a normal Moth.. It looked like a fuzzy ball with wings. 




 Not entirely sure where it might have come from, though - it flew out from behind a box in the back of a courier's van. 









 [](/pinkiefear)And now, reading your post, I have realised the exact same thing.
I have dragons all over my shelves... but ponies are situated on my monitor, on my wallpapers, on my phone, on my shirts.

[](/fluttersrs)Those blasted sneaky ponies.

[](/twicrazy "I wouldn't have it any other way!") 




 [](/05)She was missing for half the episode, doesn't count! 

[](/20)But she was kind of super awesome in that episode to be fair, but
she really didn't have much screentime in S2 overall, I thinks. 




  [](/00) Yes! Season 2 didn't get nearly enough AJ-centric episodes. 




 I'm heading in this weekend. I'll be in a cowboy hat. Lurking with two cosplayers. If you spot us, wave! 




 Oh man. I played with First and Only in the Rochdale area - they had a mill before the place was closed down for demolition, I think.

Anyway. It was the last game, so it was fancy dress day. I turned out in full pirate gear. Sash, frilly shirt, headband. The works.

We had a guy who looked similar to the Sniper from TF2, and the only other guy I can remember was a guy in full 80's disco getup.

Lets just say, to anyone observing on the outside, A pirate with a latex knife chasing a guy in a disco getup looked pretty hilarious.

Or serious, if they didn't know gaming was going on. 




 http://jamey4.deviantart.com/art/Derpy-Hooves-Raining-Tears-287325411

There's the source! 




 Any chance of sharing the skins? I'm interested in that music one.. Vinyl is best. 




 Pretty much lurking all day. 




 My dog, once being presented his dish of food, will wait until I have left the room before he proceeds to eat.

I tested this. I put his dish down, and stood on the other side of the same room. He just looked at me until I walked through the door. 




 I feel like I've accomplished something now. 




 Not directly, but Commander Shep in ME3. The ending I got... I cried 




 It all depends on the driver of the car - in the UK, we insure the car for certain people to drive it. 

For example, if it was just my dad on the policy, it might cost about 700 for him, because he's been driving way longer than I have, and he's in the lesser risk age group. 




 It really is a rip off - but build up a decent no claims and it'll go right down.

Up until this month's renewal, I was paying 2,200 for my insurance - I drive a Toyota Aygo. A reliant robin could probably go faster than me on long straights.

Seems like I'm plugging, but Insure the Box have brought my premium right down - my renewal this month is 1,011. Sure you're getting tracked, but I look at it this way - if it gets nicked, the insurers probably know where it is. 




 Yeah, I saw that.. "Wait, he's done it _again?_" 




 Radio 2 is awesome, though I just tune in for Ken Bruce and Jeremy Vine. Evans and Wright annoy me a little bit.

Moyles just sends me in a frothing rage if I'm stuck in the office and someone has Radio 1 on. 




 Our company has an incentive: Go an entire working year (For us - Oct 1st to Sept) and you'll qualify for...
An extra day on your paid days off.

I'd much rather take a sickie or two.. 




 Interlink/DPD aren't too bad - don't know the costs, mind.

We use them where I work and everything arrives in one piece.  




 She's usually posting naked pictures of character's she's voiced.

Tara is the troll queen of Twitter. 




 Right on. Hopefully it was theirs! No idea why it'd be in Bolton, though! 




 You're form Farnworth? Awesome, as am I. 




 As I said in the title, long shot. This is the closest I can get to Bolton on reddit!

Was heading down Hacken Bridge Lane in Farnworth. (Connects Little Lever to Bolton, pretty much) and there was a lady looking a little confused pulled over by the side of the road. There's an albino Ferret bouncing about the place.

After a little while, the little guy jumped in the lady's hand. A quick box was made and she took it home - She said she'd call the RSPCA once she got home.

The little guy was definitely a pet. He was scared, but very friendly and ran all over my back and shoulders.

If you know anyone who's lost a Ferret, the RSPCA probably has him/her! 




 There's some at various car dealerships, but north of the city, and within the city itself, I haven't really seen them. Though I've not really actively looked for them. 




 First use the Every X minutes too, but before I thought "Fuck it, I'll get a car", the service I used to catch to get to work was on a "One every 10 minutes" service.

I was waiting for nearly an hour once. (Got to the stop about 8:15 - bus got there about 9am) 




 I think they retconned the Thermal clips into the ME lore, rather than have it introduced as a new tech.

Of course, I'm probably talking out of my arse. 




 Gravy on _everything_

Yes! Even _Ice Cream_! 




 We let 'em have it this year. We all got distracted by the shiny thing on fire outside this time 




 Please! At least Pies can hold gravy without walling apart!

Speaking of gravy - have you all learned that Gravy is amazing on chips yet? 




 Yeah - Well.
We have all the pies! We don't need none of your nancy southern shitey food. 




 Not sure, really - I'm not too in depth with the technical stuff - might wanna check for a virus or something.. Might have fuddled with your settings or something. But yeah, /flushdns pretty much makes your DNS server get its shit together.

Glad it worked for you! Didn't work for mine, though! Your DNS server is what "decodes" www.google.co.uk into 74.125.131.94 

Bash that IP into your browser, and it loads google. If your DNS is malfunctioning, if you put in a website's IP, it'll still load fine.

If your computer's DNS is screwy, there's a few public ones you can use, too. Normally a flush usually fixes problems. 




 My aunt's latop has this issue as well. If you can, try flushing your DNS - might be that. Might as well renew your IP while you're at it.

go to cmd:

    ipconfig /release
    ipconfig /renew
    ipconfig /flushdns

 




 I walk down here occasionally. You get to it by walking through Moses Gate park. It's probably a good mile and a half to reach the canals, but it's a really nice walk. 




 [This](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORQFk5GcgFI), last night

Didn't stop for 20 minutes. 




 I played the Beta Weekend #3 and I'll probably be playing when I get home for the final weekend beta

From what I played last week, it didn't seem too bad - the combat was a bit standard really, but I liked the "Class" mixing you could do. I was running around with a hammer and a shotgun and was doing pretty well.

I did a solo dungeon and it was more based on infiltration and disabling security rather than tanking and spanking your way through the place. If the group dungeons kept this up, I could see it being really interesting!

My main issues were with the combat and the quests.

 When an NPC offers two kinds of the same quest, it gets annoying having to run back to the same guy, then probably run back off to where you came from 




 I had a waterproof MP3 player a while back. (I've lost the charger cable since, and it wasn't your basic MicroUSB port)

I'd recommend this, though! http://www.amazon.co.uk/Speedo-Aquabeat-1GB-Waterproof-Player/dp/B0017KRAFK/ref=tag_stp_s2_edpp_url 




 He deleted the entire story. :( 




 Surely you checked inside?
What was in? I am curious. 




 You owe me a new monitor. I just punched mine out of instinct. 




 I was driving back to work after a quick trip across Manchester. I was using the Motorways, as it was about a 20 mile journey.

I was about 500 meters to the exit slip road I needed to take, and the road I was on was a sweeping right turn and my tyre burst. 

I tried as hard as I could to keep the car straight by gripping the wheel as tight as possible and trying to hold it right, but the damn thing was rocking harder than a metalhead at a Slayer gig.

Eventually, one of the other tyres blew, and I was sent careering into the barrier seperating the two directions at 60MPH. Head on.

Hit the barrier, but it didn't totally stop me. My car did a full 180 and hit the barrier with the back end. This stopped me. 

I was now facing oncoming traffic, whizzing past me at 65-70MPH.
Luckily, the lunch rush hour was done, and a fellow road user had pulled up on the hard shoulder when he saw me fling off the road. He waved me over, I was good to quickly drive over and hang on the hard shoulder.

Come to think of it - I was lucky to even start the car and move across lanes without getting taken out again, never mind surviving and having not even a single scratch or injury. 




 but I h(av)e no urge to have sex with them, at least at this point.

That's generally the basic definition of Asexuality - A lack of Sexual attraction/desire

Asexuals still have a _romantic_ attraction, and are labelled much like their "Sexual" labels. (Hetero, Homo, Demi, Pan), (Just replace [X]Sexual with [X]Romantic)

Aromantic Asexuals on the other hand have no desire for sex, nor relationships. They'd much prefer to have no relationships whatsoever and just do their thing through life.

That's the best way I can put it - if anyone else can explain it better, read theirs! I'm fairly new to the concept of Asexuality myself - only known about it for a few months (I also identify as a Hetero/Demiromantic Asexual) 




 Looks familiar. May have done a little parkour training there in the past. May go lurking later. 




 In my school, we had the normal kids, the chavs, and us. We hung around the same building every break we had. At first, There was just the 5 of us. We were pretty nerdy. 

We just hung around talking about games, and D D stuff. We were also into metal and rock, so we were outcast from the rest of the kids, who were mostly into Dance and R B and all that kinda stuff.

Anyway - 5 grew to 10, which grew to 20, which grew to the point where a few years after the inital 5 had left, the entire building would be pretty much swarmed by kids who were like us. They had to be dispersed at one point, I think.

They called us "The O-block crew" 




 http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/648/

Good question, Rarity. 




 I'm overweight. Been so for about 6 years.
I'm 19stone (266lbs - 120kg), and I'm 6'2". 22 years old

 I was an avid swimmer in my younger years and took part in meets and races. Due to this, I had a ravenous appetite which I appear to have kept for the last 8 years since I quit swimming to pursue studies. One minute I was a healthy weight, next I was just getting bigger and bigger. Luckily, the fat has spread around my body, rather than being focused on one part - though I'm very concious about my thighs when I'm sat down.

I've started to cut down on my intake, as well as go for long walks with the dog. I can walk for miles and miles just fine, but I can barely manage 1 minute of running.

I'm trying the C25K program, but my lungs despise me for it, though I'm going to keep pushing! 

My ideal weight is about 80lbs away. 




 I had this, but not as severe! I was lined up for this surgery too, but managed to outgrow it before my 16th.  




 Gender: Male

Colour: Red

Music: Anything goes, but mostly Metal

Film: Comedy/Action

Literary: Sci-fi

Hobbies: Airsoft, Gaming, Writing

Personality: Quiet, but a bit kooky once I get to know you. 




 He was delicious, apparantly.

That's what Grunt told me. 




 Mess Sargent Gardner! Your Cookie from ME2. 




 Thanks!
He's called Benny, though he generally goes by any exclamation that gets his attention.

Pal, Daft, Oi, Buddy, Fluffybutt. Just shout those and he'll come running and wagging his tail. 









 When I get a minor brainfart, I always remember Vertical coasters rock because they go straight down. 




 Worked all day. Stuck in a van in Manchester.
The Van had no air conditioning.  




 Tell me about it. Feels worse when you're in a metal box stuck in traffic with no aircon! 




 Oh wow. I remember seeing these in summer and they looked just like that. Kinda glad I didn't touch it now.

These are way off a beaten path, though, Guess that's why no-ones bothered with them.  




 Picture taken last year while out walking. Little Lever, UK.

'Scuse the dog, he's nuts. 









 Oh no. Here goes all my free time.
Well, what was left of it anyway. 




 This one might need a bit of backstory to understand

Okay, so, back in September 2010, I had a tyre blow out on me on the motorway. I spun out and collided with the barrier twice, car was totalled.

Shortly after, I shaved all my hair off (It was a big deal, it was halfway down my back, had been growing it for about 6 years) I think I might have had a slight mental breakdown.

Anyway, I work with some very lax guys, not at all afraid of offending.

When I turned up to work with no hair, they fell off chairs laughing. Serial Killer [Raoul Moat](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_Northumbria_Police_manhunt) was all over the news, and I apparently looked like him.

I am now nicknamed Raoul. 




 I'm not sure what it's called, I played it last year at Download Festival

It's fairly simple.
Stick a 1/4 filled bottle between 2 teams. The teams can be any size. Try and get the space between the teams about 20ft.

Each team takes turns throwing the "ball" to try and hit the bottle. If you hit the bottle, your team grabs your cans, opens 'em and starts chugging. The other team has to run, stand the bottle up and retrieve the ball and get back to their line, and shout STOP!

It's made slightly difficult, as the "ball" is off shaped (We used Toilet Roll wrapped up in Duct tape) and is prone to bouncing all over the place.
Also, if that wasn't bad enough, if you somehow knock over one of the other team's cans, you gotta run and pick that up.

First team to get ALL their cans chugged is the winner! 




 Should anyone invade the pub, put on some Queen, and attack the intruders with cricket bats. Run around them to disorient 




 ... That sounds like something my boss would do.
Was there any chance that this man was shiny-head bald? 




 He sounds like an awesome shopkeeper. Where is this fine fellow located? 




 I think she was too busy "Blasting off aga^a^a^a^a^in" to be remorseful [](/fluttershy) 




 They played part of a new track when I saw them in October, it sounded totally awesome. RR have reached.. 12th in my all time most played, and I've been keeping that record going for about 5 years now or something. Kinda scary. 




 Manchester Ritz. I'm so excited. :D  It'll be my 5th time seeing them within a year. 




 Ah, Per Andreasson. Total dude. Spoke with him a few times after shows. Goin' watching them again on Tuesday! :D 




 Aha! Dude, that's awesome. 




 Hmmm, 
Feck it! Surprise me with the flair! :D

(Holy shit I actually saw this before the allotted time passed.) 




 Me and my sis were helping my dad pave the new bit of garden he was working on, so there was a huge pallet of bricks, and a huge bag of sand. I was throwing bricks onto the bag of sand, and my sister was running back and forth from my dad to where I was throwing the bricks.


I was throwing faster than she was carrying, but I stopped for a minute to take a breath.

I start throwing again, and I hear this pained scream, and "MUM! MUM!" 

It's my sister, running at my Mum with her middle finger raised. I'd thrown a brick right onto her awaiting hand, and it had made a pretty nasty gash right on her finger where the edge of the brick had landed. Needed stitches.

(I was about 13, sister about 9) 




 It's pushing the mile limit, but [Naughty Needles](http://www.naughtyneedles.co.uk/) in Bolton on Halliwell road is a good place, though unless you're after a small-ish tat, he's always pretty booked up.

Gone there for 2 tats, Paul is awesome. 




 Bolton, UK Checking in. Lived here all my life 




 I think the first album I personally bought was Feeder - The Singles (~2002)

I remember doing my paper round with my CD Walkman and cursing everytime the track jumped because I got off my bike too violently. 




 It's getting crazy in there.. Can't take the ponies [](/twicrazy) 

I'm all for a good pony spam, but Croikey, it's insane in there tonight. 




 Hobbies: Airsoft, Gaming, attempting to play guitar
Currently working in warehousing, looking for another job, possibly self employed maybe possibly. :D 




 I'd actually like a lot of the guns from the ME Universe, but I'm an Assault Rifle kinda guy, and the Avenger is one of my favourites. :D

I'll have to check out that pulse rifle, it's been a while since I've seen Alien. 




 I'd love a replica of the [M8 Avenger](http://gamerfront.net/wp-content/uploads/2010/08/mass-effect-m8-replica-1.jpg) - from the Mass Effect series 




 [Created my own Shep. Like to think I didn't do too bad.](http://imgur.com/l1S3O) - even imported nicely too. Used Default femshep though

 




 I occasionally do a run to London, from Manchester

One day, heading back up the M40, just listening to the radio:

"Hey, I'm on the M6.. wait, when did that happen?"
 




 Yeah, I guess so. :P But I can only really see myself falling for a girl, so I generally put myself under the Heteroromantic tag. 




 Personally speaking - I have no physical attraction to anyone. It's a really hard thing to explain. In order to "Fall" for someone, I have to talk to them, get to know them, before I know. 




 Sounds a bit odd to me. Though you can't really judge until you get his story direct from him.

But yeah, feel free to message me later, I'll try and answer any questions you have to the best of my ability. :) 




 Alright, at my computer now, I can type without driving myself insane.

I can't really explain asexuality, since it's all I've really known sexuality-wise. All I know is, I have no attraction to anyone really. I can walk down a street of the hottest people in the world, and I probably wouldn't bat an eyelid or turn around, stare at chests, etc. (Well, maybe a little)

There's the various types of asexuals - Aromantic Asexuals (No interest in sex or a romantic relationship) and then there's the various Romantic Asexuals: Heteroromantic, Homoromantic, panromantic, etc.

I specifically identify as a Heteroromantic Asexual - I desire a relationship, but all that relationship would ideally consist of is hugs, cuddles, maybe some kisses, and generally sharing life together.

I know for a fact that won't happen unless I'm extremely lucky.

Some Asexuals in relationships might maintain an active sex life just because of their partner's needs, but won't pursue them to return the favour, so to speak.

That's probably the best way I can explain it. there's a subreddit ([/r/asexuality](/r/asexuality)) and [AVEN](http://www.asexuality.org/home/) (Asexual Visibility and Education Network) which can give _waaaaay_ more info than I can.  




 Asexuality isn't quite as clear cut as it seems. Everyone varies. But to answer your question, I personally lack sexual attraction and a lack of sexual drive. It's quite hard to explain. I can elaborate when I get home if you want? Typing on a phone is kind of awful 




 Yeah, sounds like it. I'm asexual and I'm only ever really roped into checking ladies out when my friends notice "Dat ass."

Damnit guys, I'm trying to eat cake here.

Also is your friend me? Sounds like it. 




 Hey! I drive one of these. I think it's a cool little thing, but that might be the MPG talking. 




