 Yeah, it was like this in the UK when some fat, pig-faced cunt called Jade Goody died. She was a D-List "celeb" from a reality tv show called Big Brother. A talentless moron, really. Pretty sure she was accused of racism at one point. Then she got cancer and became the shining role model, a pillar of feminine strength. The papers that had so slated her before practically lauded her as a national hero when she died. Stupid, bald wanker.  




 Fuck me, me friend does this whenever there's a social thing. Considers herself a photographer and then rudely interrupts any conversation/activities/fun so we can all POSE for a photo. I tell her, "Your photos would look much better if we all looked natural." 

I'm of the opinion that if somebody is a good photographer, you shouldn't even know they are there. FUCK OFF WITH YOUR SHITTY CANON YOU STUPID, SNAP-HAPPY CUNT AND COME AND ENJOY THE PICNIC. YOU TWAT.  




 Absolutely not. 

Source: worked it.  




 Downvoted you before I upvoted you so I could give you +2 points 




 Personally, I don't let my ego dictate my emotional state. Being right or wrong is no expression of you as a human being.

If somebody proves you wrong, or if somebody judges you for something you've done, then so what? People are way too busy thinking about their own mistakes and lives to worry about you being wrong about something. It doesn't make you weak. 




 What's does smh stand for? 




 Go with it 




 Nice! Thanks a lot. It's been killing me for three days now. 




 Woman holds an art exhibition where she's displaying her pictures for sale. The pictures are based around 'the breakdown of a relationship' or something. The pictures show couples in bed. She's not selling any pictures and an art critic disses her work and leaves. 

As part of the exhibition, she sells her soul to the highest bidder. She then meets the dude that bought it in a cafe/diner because she wants it back. The guy says he has the contract for her soul in his underpants or something. 

Any ideas? 




 I personally don't think girls should be called sluts at all. We shouldn't judge someone, male or female, based on their sexuality and the expression of it. It's totally natural to be very sexually active and people that are should not suffer prejudice. You wouldn't scold the lion that mated the most.  




 Maybe they mean they're sorry to hear that it happened. .  




 What do you mean by, "I went direct 99%"? 




 You can get one in just four weeks if you click the adverts on the side of some website that I went on once.  




 Ah! So that's why it's wrapped in foil... I did wonder.  




 Cool, thanks! 




 Can anyone explain what I'm looking at here?  




 What the... I didn't even know it could... Wow. 




 22:22 is the same for me. I always look at the clock at that time, been happening for about two or three years.  




 Yes, and this sounds interesting. Might have to research.  




 What's his motivation for buying a newspaper? How does a transaction like that take place? How, if at all, would he pay with assets?   




 Yes, and I'm currently reading, 'The Power of Now' by Eckhart Tolle. It's about detaching from your thoughts and living in the moment. There is no past to dwell on, it's in your head. There is no future to worry about, it's in your head. Everything that has ever happened to your or will every happen to you happened Now. Check it out!  




 Yes, and your comment should've had 'yes and' at the beginning! 




 You sure know how to make a woman sweaty down below.  




 Maximum word-points for using 'flabbergasting'  




 A bad kisser. Ain't no-one got time for that shit.  




 It stands for 'too long; didn't read.' 




 I find that dubs are often worse than the original 




 Yeah, I once drove passed my house all the way to the next town without even realising. Something all of a sudden clicked and I thought, "where the hell am I?" 




 Haha, foaming at the mouth with laughter 




 Did anyone actually read the Whole article? It was a load of old arse, and the guy was trying to sell me catholic newsletters or something.  









 The shark in Findjng Nemo was called Bruce. Jaws copied.  




 Nah, not convinced. It was definitely aliens or something.  




 I was going to play some music from my iPhone while hanging with friends, and I often put the phone in a glass or mug to magnify the sound. 

On my bedside table was a mug and a glass. As I was deciding which one to use as my DIY speaker, I said to myself specifically, 'the glass will be better to use.' Picked it up. 

Turned around and checked if my laundry was dry. When I looked down, I was holding the mug. 

Shouted, "No. Fucking. Way". The glass was still on my bedside table.  




 How'd I know it'd be a heart attack... 




 Both of these statements are beautiful and should be injected into every newborn's brain. 




 Ritz Crackers: Want to know how weak your willpower is? Thought so. 




 I was always under the impression that this derived from panning for gold. 




