
































































 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5k68Uz3w3x8 




 In America, suspects are innocent until proven guilty.   




 From ABC on twitter: "Grandfather who killed his daughter, 6 children, then self had killed his own 9 yr old son in hunting accident in 2001. Did 3 yrs." 




 From ABC on twitter: "Grandfather who killed his daughter, 6 children, then self had killed his own 9 yr old son in hunting accident in 2001. Did 3 yrs." 




 Assuming there are only 10 inches in a foot. 




 I wonder what was photoshopped out of it on the left side? 




 Photographer for the TV show COPS dies after being shot during armed robbery in Nebraska - KETV 




 OK, I wasn't claiming to have any evidence of any kind.  I was merely asking you to back up your assertions. 




 So if they don't release details, how do you know?  Are you involved in the case somehow?  What are your sources?  I was looking for specifics. 




 Is there evidence the alleged beating?  Pictures/video, medical report, police report? 




 "Police believe the man pulled out a gun and aimed it at the another car, but then accidentally shot himself in the head." 




 Buy a tilt-shift lens for your camera. 




 Youtube removed it. 




 [Suspects arrested](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/2-suspects-arrested-in-kidnapping-of-amish-girls-in-new-york-state/) 




 fwiw, the "Israel rejects Gaza peace plan" title was the original BBC title for this article. 




 [Here they are on radar](https://twitter.com/MikeHamernik/status/491071762545651713/photo/1) 




 [Are you in this picture?](http://i.imgur.com/6mEjZla.jpg) 




 This is how the article appeared when I submitted it: http://i.imgur.com/On2lbqu.png 




 The compass app in apple's ios7 has a built in clinometer -- just swipe the compass screen to the left. 




 Bad photoshopping. 




 Now article says it was a shotgun, not pellet gun. 




 [They have been freed](http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/ukraine-crisis/buzzfeed-cbs-journalists-freed-after-ukraine-ordeal-n95446) 




 Update:  [The suspect found dead in apparent suicide.](http://www.ajc.com/news/news/cobb-police-investigating-shooting-at-fedex-facili/nfkNR/) 




 That would be a big seller at CPAC 




 Caption: NASA Shines a Spotlight on a Webb Telescope Test

Dressed in a clean room suit, NASA photographer Desiree Stover shines a light on the Space Environment Simulator's Integration Frame inside the thermal vacuum chamber at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md. Shortly after, the chamber was closed up and engineers used this frame to enclose and help cryogenic (cold) test the heart of the James Webb Space Telescope, the Integrated Science Instrument Module.

Credit: NASA/Chris Gunn 




 QR code goes [here](http://www.nasa.gov/orion) 




 Pathetic.

Thanks for reading! 




 [video with bad audio](http://www.c-spanvideo.org/clip/4469223) 




 [Here's audio of what she said.](https://soundcloud.com/toddzwillich-1/floor1-101612-wav) 




 Caption: Astrophotographer Dale Mayotte sent SPACE.com this composite photo of the International Space Station crossing the face of the sun. He took the 19 images that were combined to create this photo from his backyard in Clinton Twp., Mich. at 5:28 p.m. on June 19, 2013.  




 Wednesday September 25, 2013, 4:58 pm ET.  It is scheduled to be on NASA TV 




 I was at the launch pad a week before the launch and saw what may have been the same eagle.  [More here.](http://christianready.com/2013/09/18/bald-eagle-flies-with-antares/) 




 This launch is supposed to be shown on NASA TV.  Also, launches from Wallops are usually streamed on Ustream. 




 Caption: Flyer's best friend

Dan McManus and his service dog Shadow hang-glide together outside Salt Lake City, Utah, July 22, 2013. McManus suffers from anxiety and Shadow's presence and companionship help him to manage the symptoms. The two have been flying together for about nine years with a specially made harness for Shadow. 




 [More info...](http://talkingpointsmemo.com/news/green-pain-splattered-on-lincoln-memorial-statue.php) 




 This is malicious fecal distribution 




 Skook! 




 Caption: Spacewalk Training at Johnson Space Center

NASA astronaut Reid Wiseman, Expedition 40/41 flight engineer, participates in a spacewalk - or extravehicular activity (EVA) - training session on May 14, 2013 in the Partial Gravity Simulator (POGO) test area in the Space Vehicle Mock-up Facility at NASA's Johnson Space Center. NASA astronaut Steve Swanson (left), Expedition 39 flight engineer and Expedition 40 commander, assists Wiseman.

Image credit: NASA 




 Caption: Stargazer Aircraft Carrying IRIS Takes Off

The Orbital Sciences L-1011 aircraft takes off from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California at 9:30 p.m. EDT on June 27, 2013, headed over the Pacific Ocean to release the Pegasus XL rocket carrying NASA's Interface Region Imaging Spectrograph, or IRIS, solar observatory.

IRIS will open a new window of discovery using spectrometry and imaging to trace the flow of energy and plasma through the chromospheres and transition region into the suns corona. The spacecraft will observe how solar material moves, gathers energy and heats up as it travels through a largely unexplored region of the solar atmosphere. This interface region, located between the sun's visible surface and its upper atmosphere, is where most of its ultraviolet emission is generated. These emissions impact the near-Earth space environment and Earth's climate.

Photo Credit: NASA/Daniel Casper 




 Caption: IRIS Launch Set for Thursday

Technicians and engineers at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California mate the Pegasus XL rocket with the Interface Region Imaging Spectrograph, or IRIS, solar observatory to the Orbital Sciences L-1011 carrier aircraft.

The launch of NASA's IRIS mission has been delayed one day to 10:27 p.m. EDT on Thursday, June 27. Live NASA Television launch coverage begins at 9 p.m. 

IRIS will open a new window of discovery by tracing the flow of energy and plasma through the chromospheres and transition region into the suns corona using spectrometry and imaging. The IRIS mission will observe how solar material moves, gathers energy and heats up as it travels through a largely unexplored region of the solar atmosphere. The interface region, located between the sun's visible surface and upper atmosphere, is where most of the sun's ultraviolet emission is generated. These emissions impact the near-Earth space environment and Earth's climate. 

Image Credit: NASA/Randy Beaudoin 




 Caption: IRIS Preps for Launch

The fully integrated spacecraft and science instrument for NASA's Interface Region Imaging Spectrograph (IRIS) mission is seen in a clean room at the Lockheed Martin Space Systems Sunnyvale, Calif. facility. The solar arrays are deployed in the configuration they will assume when in orbit. IRIS is scheduled to launch on June 26, 2013.

Understanding the interface between the photosphere and corona remains a fundamental challenge in solar and heliospheric science. The IRIS mission opens a window of discovery into this crucial region by tracing the flow of energy and plasma through the chromosphere and transition region into the corona using spectrometry and imaging. IRIS is designed to provide significant new information to increase our understanding of energy transport into the corona and solar wind and provide an archetype for all stellar atmospheres. The unique instrument capabilities, coupled with state of the art 3-D modeling, will fill a large gap in our knowledge of this dynamic region of the solar atmosphere. The mission will extend the scientific output of existing heliophysics spacecraft that follow the effects of energy release processes from the sun to Earth.

Image Credit: NASA/Lockheed Martin 




 [Yellow Warbler](http://www.allaboutbirds.org/guide/Yellow_Warbler/id) 




 [source](http://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/webb/news/backplane.html) 




 [video of fire](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHNCEWOD6w8) 




 [More](http://rt.com/usa/explosion-chemical-geismar-louisiana-647/): "An enormous explosion shook a chemical plant in Geismer, Louisiana just south of Baton Rouge on Wednesday. The blast was followed by a huge fire. Fatality numbers are unconfirmed, bit it is likely they are very high according to authorities." 




 Caption: Preparing NASA's Next Solar Satellite for Launch

Orbital Sciences team members move the second half of the payload fairing before it is placed over NASA's IRIS (Interface Region Imaging Spectrograph) spacecraft. The fairing connects to the nose of the Orbital Sciences Pegasus XL rocket that will lift the solar observatory into orbit. The work is taking place in a hangar at Vandenberg Air Force Base, where IRIS is being prepared for launch on a Pegasus XL rocket.

Scheduled for launch from Vandenberg on June 26, 2013, IRIS will open a new window of discovery by tracing the flow of energy and plasma through the chromospheres and transition region into the sun's corona using spectrometry and imaging. IRIS fills a crucial gap in our ability to advance studies of the sun-to-Earth connection by tracing the flow of energy and plasma through the foundation of the corona and the region around the sun known as the heliosphere.

Photo Credit: NASA/Tony Vauclin 




 Caption: In the Vortex of Power

John Wargo, lead technician at NASA Glenn's Propulsion System Laboratory (PSL) is performing an inspection on the inlet ducting, upstream of the Honeywell ALF 502 engine that was recently used for the NASA Engine Icing Validation test. 

This test allows engine manufacturers to simulate flying through the upper atmosphere where large amounts of icing particles can be ingested and cause flame outs or a loss of engine power on aircraft. This test was the first of its kind in the world and was highly successful in validating PSL's new capability. No other engine test facility has this capability.

Glenn is working with industry to address this aviation issue by establishing a capability that will allow engines to be operated at the same temperature and pressure conditions experienced in flight, with ice particles being ingested into full scale engines to simulate flight through a deep convective cloud.

The information gained through performing these tests will also be used to establish test methods and techniques for the study of engine icing in new and existing commercial engines, and to develop data required for advanced computer codes that can be specifically applied to assess an engine's susceptibility to icing in terms of its safety, performance and operability.

Image Credit: NASA
Bridget R. Caswell (Wyle Information Systems, LLC) 




 [Nili Fossae](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nili_Fossae)

This is where I [found the image](http://photoblog.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/06/10/18888298-this-is-how-a-lone-rock-rolls-on-mars). 




 Caption: Rocket Launches from Wallops Flight Facility

A NASA Black Brant XII suborbital rocket streaks into the night sky following its launch at 11:05 p.m. EDT on June 5, 2013 from the Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia. The rocket carried the Cosmic Infrared Background ExpeRiment (CIBER) to an altitude of approximately 358 miles above the Atlantic Ocean by the four-stage rocket. The launch, seen here with multiple stages firing off, was reportedly seen from as far away as central New Jersey, southeastern Pennsylvania and northeastern North Carolina. With CIBER, scientists are studying when the first stars and galaxies formed in the universe and how brightly they burned their nuclear fuel.

Image Credit: NASA/Jamie Adkins 




 Caption: Expedition 36 Soyuz Launch

A Soyuz rocket with Expedition 36/37 Soyuz Commander Fyodor Yurchikhin of the Russian Federal Space Agency (Roscosmos) and Flight Engineers Luca Parmitano of the European Space Agency and Karen Nyberg of NASA, onboard, launches from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan to the International Space Station. Yurchikhin, Nyberg and Parmitano will remain aboard the station until mid-November, 2013.

Photo credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls 




 Caption: Soyuz to the Launch Pad

The Soyuz TMA-09M spacecraft is rolled out by train to the Baikonur Cosmodrome launch pad, Sunday, May 26, 2013, in Kazakhstan. 

Expedition 36/37 Soyuz Commander Fyodor Yurchikhin of the Russian Federal Space Agency, Flight Engineer Luca Parmitano of the European Space Agency, and Flight Engineer Karen Nyberg of NASA, are set to launch to the International Space Station Tuesday night Eastern U.S. time, Wednesday in Kazakh time. Yurchikhin, Nyberg, and, Parmitano, will remain aboard the station until mid-November. 

Credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls 




 Caption: The Engine Burns Blue

This image shows a cutting-edge solar-electric propulsion thruster in development at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif., that uses xenon ions for propulsion. An earlier version of this solar-electric propulsion engine has been flying on NASA's Dawn mission to the asteroid belt. 

This engine is being considered as part of the Asteroid Initiative, a proposal to robotically capture a small near-Earth asteroid and redirect it safely to a stable orbit in the Earth-moon system where astronauts can visit and explore it. This image was taken through a porthole in a vacuum chamber at JPL where the ion engine is being tested.

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech 




 [more info](http://www.spacetelescope.org/news/heic1310/) 




 Caption: Pavlof Volcano From Station

Astronauts aboard the International Space Station (ISS) photographed this striking view of Pavlof Volcano on May 18, 2013. The oblique perspective from the ISS reveals the three dimensional structure of the ash plume, which is often obscured by the top-down view of most remote sensing satellites.

Situated in the Aleutian Arc about 625 miles (1,000 kilometers) southwest of Anchorage, Pavlof began erupting on May 13, 2013. The volcano jetted lava into the air and spewed an ash cloud 20,000 feet (6,000 meters) high. When photograph ISS036-E-2105 (top) was taken, the space station was about 475 miles south-southeast of the volcano (49.1 North latitude, 157.4 West longitude). The volcanic plume extended southeastward over the North Pacific Ocean.

Image Credit: NASA 




 [source](http://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/webb/news/miri-test.html) 




 Caption: Orion Crew Module at Kennedy Space Center

Astronaut Don Pettit watches as a technician works on the Orion crew module inside the Operations and Checkout Building high bay at Kennedy Space Center on March 21, 2013.

The last of eight reaction control system (RCS) pods for the first flight test of Orion has arrived at Kennedy Space Center's Operations and Checkout Building from the manufacturer, Aerojet, in Redmond, Wash. The pods will provide the critical maneuvers necessary for Orion's re-entry into Earth's atmosphere during Exploration Flight Test-1 (EFT-1), scheduled to launch in 2014.

Orion is the exploration spacecraft designed to carry humans farther into space than ever before. The spacecraft will provide emergency abort capability, sustain crews during space travel and provide safe re-entry from deep-space return velocities.

Image Credit: NASA/Dimitri Gerondidakis 




 Caption: LAGEOS I, 1976

The LAGEOS I, Laser Geodynamics Satellite, was launched on May 4, 1976 from Vandenberg Air Force Base, California. The two-foot diameter, 900-pound satellite orbited the Earth from pole to pole and measured the movements of the Earth's surface relative to earthquakes, continental drift, and other geophysical phenomena.

The mirrored surface of the satellite precisely reflected laser beams from ground stations for accurate ranging measurements. Scientists at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Ala. came up with the idea for the satellite and built it at the Marshall Center. 

Image Credit: NASA/MSFC 




 Caption: Mars Stereo View from 'John Klein' to Mount Sharp -- Raw

Left and right eyes of the Navigation Camera (Navcam) in NASA's Curiosity Mars rover took the dozens of images combined into this stereo scene of the rover and its surroundings. The component images were taken during the 166th, 168th and 169th Martian days, or sols, of Curiosity's work on Mars (Jan. 23, 25 and 26, 2013). The scene appears three dimensional when viewed through red-blue glasses with the red lens on the left. It spans 360 degrees, with Mount Sharp on the southern horizon. 

In the center foreground, the rover's arm holds the tool turret above a target called "Wernecke" on the "John Klein" patch of pale-veined mudstone. On Sol 169, Curiosity used its dust-removing brush and Mars Hand Lens Imager (MAHLI) on Wernecke (see http://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/msl/multimedia/pia16790.html ). About two weeks later, Curiosity used its drill at a point about 1 foot (30 centimeters) to the right of Wernecke to collect the first drilled sample from the interior of a rock on Mars. This anaglyph was made with the images as captured by the Curiosity. Another version with the seams in the sky eliminated and cropped for optimal 3-D viewing can be seen at PIA16925. 

Separate left-eye and right-eye mosaics are combined into the stereo view. 

NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, a division of the California Institute of Technology, Pasadena, manages the Mars Science Laboratory Project for NASA's Science Mission Directorate, Washington. JPL designed and built the project's Curiosity rover and the rover's Navcam. 

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech 




 Caption: Astronaut vs. Robonaut

Following a session of Robonaut 2 operations controlled by ground personnel, Expedition 35 Flight Engineer Chris Cassidy has a few light moments with the robot in the Destiny Laboratory onboard the Earth-orbiting International Space Station.

Robonaut 2 is the first humanoid robot to travel to space and the first U.S.-built robot to visit the space station.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Antares Rocket Launches

The Orbital Sciences Corporation Antares rocket is seen as it launches from Pad-0A of the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport (MARS) at the NASA Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia, Sunday, April 21, 2013. 

The test launch marked the first flight of Antares and the first rocket launch from Pad-0A. The Antares rocket delivered the equivalent mass of a spacecraft, a so-called mass simulated payload, into Earth's orbit. 

Image Credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls 




 Caption: X-48 Project Completes Flight Research

NASA's remotely piloted X-48C hybrid-wing-body subscale aircraft, which demonstrates technology concepts for cleaner and quieter commercial air travel, completed an eight-month flight research campaign on April 9, 2013.

In this image, the aircraft flies over the intersection of several runways adjacent to the compass rose on Rogers Dry Lake at Edwards Air Force Base during one of the sub-scale aircraft's final test flights on Feb. 28, 2013. 

The scale-model aircraft, shaped like a manta ray, was designed by The Boeing Co., built by Cranfield Aerospace Limited of the United Kingdom, and flown in partnership with NASA. The X-48C is a version of NASA's X-48B blended wing body aircraft modified to evaluate the low-speed stability and control of a low-noise version of a notional hybrid-wing-body design. This design features a flattened fuselage with no tail, and engines mounted on top of the fuselage at the rear of the plane. The design stems from concept studies for commercial aircraft that could be flying within 20 years. The studies are under way in NASA's Environmentally Responsible Aviation Project.

Image Credit: NASA / Carla Thomas 




 Caption: First Shuttle Launch

A new era in space flight began on April 12, 1981, when Space Shuttle Columbia, or STS-1, soared into orbit from NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida. 

Astronaut John Young, a veteran of four previous spaceflights including a walk on the moon in 1972, commanded the mission. Navy test pilot Bob Crippen piloted the mission and would go on to command three future shuttle missions. The shuttle was humankind's first re-usable spacecraft. The orbiter would launch like a rocket and land like a plane. The two solid rocket boosters that helped push them into space would also be re-used, after being recovered in the ocean. Only the massive external fuel tank would burn up as it fell back to Earth. It was all known as the Space Transportation System.

Twenty years prior to the historic launch, on April 12, 1961, the era of human spaceflight began when Russian Cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin became the first human to orbit the Earth in his Vostock I spacecraft. The flight lasted 108 minutes. 

Pictured here: a timed exposure of STS-1, at Launch Pad A, Complex 39, turns the space vehicle and support facilities into a night- time fantasy of light. Structures to the left of the shuttle are the fixed and the rotating service structure. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 You don't see any drones because it was a drill, they weren't really being attacked by drones.  Had this been an actual drone attack, you may, or may not have seen drones.

As for mention of drones, I don't speak Korean, so I can't say whether or not drones were mentioned.  Only going by the caption for the video, which is: *April 5 - North Korean state-run television shows video of its leader Kim Jong-un supervising a ''drone attack'' drill. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).* 




 This one is from Germany.  Here's the caption:

"Tiny tapir
A young Malayan tapir walks around the 'Gondwanaland' enclosure at the zoo in Leipzig, Germany, on March 27." 




 Caption: Speed Agile Team Wins Laureate

Almost since the dawn of powered flight, military aircraft have benefitted from NASA aeronautics research. Back then - in 1917  it wasn't called NASA. It was the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics, which changed its name to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration in 1958. 

That legacy continues today and is getting recognition. A government/industry team, led by the Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL) and including NASA, won Aviation Week magazine's 2013 prestigious Laureate Award in Aeronautics and Propulsion for the Speed Agile Powered Lift System Concept Demonstrator. The idea behind the program is to design a next-generation tactical mobility aircraft that could give the U.S. Air Force more flexibility to deliver supplies and troops to remote regions of the world that might not have traditional infrastructure such as long, paved runways. Included on the award winning research team were not only NASA Aeronautics Research Mission Directorate's Fixed Wing Project, but also Boeing Research   Technology; Lockheed Martin; Advanced Technologies, Inc.; and Williams International. 

Since the research efforts started in 2002, AFRL and its partners have designed, tested and validated technology for cruise-efficient short takeoff and landing aircraft. NASA's primary interest is in the dual use technology and its potential application to future airliners. NASA contributed computational tool, wind tunnel, simulator and aerodynamic expertise at its Langley Research Center in Hampton, Va. and Ames Research Center at Moffett Field, Calif. Researchers tested several concepts in NASA Langley's National Transonic Facility and 14 by 22-Foot Subsonic Tunnel. They also used NASA Ames' Vertical Motion Simulator to evaluate flying qualities and control schemes for an advanced transport. 

Image Credit: NASA Langley/George Homich 




 Socialism!! 




 Caption: Expedition 35 Launch

The Soyuz TMA-08M rocket launches from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan on Friday, March 29, 2013 (Thursday, March 28, U.S. Eastern Time) carrying Expedition 35 Soyuz Commander Pavel Vinogradov, NASA Flight Engineer Chris Cassidy and Russian Flight Engineer Alexander Misurkin to the International Space Station.  




 They should make a similar graphic that shows hammer-related deaths for the same time period. 




 Caption: Greenland Melt Ponds

Each spring and summer, as the air warms up and the sunlight beats down on the Greenland ice sheet, sapphire-colored ponds spring up like swimming pools. As snow and ice melt atop the glaciers, the water flows in channels and streams and collects in depressions on the surface that are sometimes visible from space. These melt ponds and lakes sometimes disappear quickly - a phenomenon that scientists have observed firsthand in recent years.

The natural-color image above was acquired on July 4, 2010, by the Advanced Land Imager on NASAs Earth Observing-1 (EO-1) satellite. This glacial ice field lies in southwestern Greenland, not far from Disko Bay (Disko Bugt in Danish) and Davis Strait. The center of the image is 68.91 North latitude and 48.54 West longitude.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Soyuz TMA-06M Spacecraft

JSC2013-E-017269 (16 March 2013) --- The Soyuz TMA-06M spacecraft lies passively on its side March 16 after bringing home Expedition 34 Commander Kevin Ford of NASA, Soyuz Commander Oleg Novitskiy and Flight Engineer Evgeny Tarelkin to a landing northeast of Arkalyk, Kazakhstan following a one-day delay due to inclement weather in the area. The Soyuz initially landed upright before being tilted on its side for servicing after touching down to wrap up 144 days in space and 142 days for Ford, Novitskiy and Tarelkin at the International Space Station. The three crew members were flown by helicopter to Kustanai, Kazakhstan en route to their homes in Houston and Star City, Russia.

Photo credit: Sergey Vigovski 




 From the AP twitter feed: "BREAKING: White House spokesman Jay Carney says no evidence that Syrian rebels used chemical weapons." 




 Caption: Expedition 34 Crew Members

With their scheduled stay onboard the International Space Station headed toward its final days, three members of the Expedition 34 crew pose for some photographs in their Sokol suits in the U.S. Laboratory or Destiny. From left are NASA astronaut Kevin Ford, commander, with Roscosmos Flight Engineers Oleg Novitskiy and Evgeny Tarelkin.

The three crew members will undock their Soyuz spacecraft from the station at 8:30 p.m. EDT, March 14, heading for a landing in Kazakhstan northeast of the remote town of Arkalyk at 11:57 p.m. EDT. They will have spent 143 days in space since launching from Kazakhstan Oct. 23. 

When the Soyuz undocks, Expedition 35 will begin aboard the station under the command of Chris Hadfield of the Canadian Space Agency. Hadfield will be the first Canadian commander. He and his crewmates, NASA astronaut Tom Marshburn and Russian cosmonaut Roman Romanenko, will tend to the station for two weeks until the arrival of three new crew members: NASA astronaut Chris Cassidy and Russian cosmonauts Pavel Vinogradov and Alexander Misurkin.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Portrait of a Lady

This image was taken on March 10, 2013, and received on Earth March 10, 2013 by NASA's Cassini spacecraft. The camera was pointing toward Rhea at approximately 174,181 miles (280,317 kilometers) away, and the image was taken using the CL1 and CL2 filters. This image has not been validated or calibrated. 

Image credit: NASA/JPL/Space Science Institute 




 Caption: Saturn's North Polar Hexagon

Saturn's north polar hexagon basks in the Sun's light now that spring has come to the northern hemisphere. Many smaller storms dot the north polar region and Saturn's signature rings, which appear to disappear on account of Saturn's shadow, put in an appearance in the background.

The image was taken with the Cassini spacecraft's wide-angle camera on Nov. 27, 2012 using a spectral filter sensitive to wavelengths of near-infrared light centered at 750 nanometers.

The view was acquired at a distance of approximately 403,000 miles (649,000 kilometers) from Saturn and at a Sun-Saturn-spacecraft, or phase, angle of 21 degrees. Image scale is 22 miles (35 kilometers) per pixel. 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute 




 Caption: Dragon Prepares to Resupply Station

The Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, Dragon spacecraft stands inside a processing hangar at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. Teams had just installed the spacecraft's solar array fairings.

NASA and its international partners are targeting Friday, March 1, as the launch date for the next cargo resupply flight to the International Space Station by SpaceX. Launch is scheduled for 10:10 a.m. EST from Space Launch Complex 40 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida.

SpaceX's Dragon capsule will be filled with about 1,200 pounds of supplies for the space station crew and experiments being conducted aboard the orbiting laboratory.

Image credit: NASA/Kim Shiflett 




 [Hunters Discover Human Skull Under Dolly Parton Bridge](http://www2.wkrg.com/news/2013/feb/16/hunters-discover-human-skull-under-dolly-parton-br-ar-5611548/) 




 I second that 




 Caption: Landsat Spacecraft Launches

The United Launch Alliance (ULA) Atlas-V rocket with the Landsat Data Continuity Mission (LDCM) spacecraft onboard is seen as it launches on Monday, Feb. 11, 2013 at Vandenberg Air Force Base, Calif. The Landsat Data Continuity Mission (LDCM) mission is a collaboration between NASA and the U.S. Geological Survey that will continue the Landsat Program's 40-year data record of monitoring the Earth's landscapes from space. 

Image Credit: United Launch Alliance 




 Caption: Orion in the Inaugural Parade

The Orion space capsule along with NASA Astronauts Lee Morin, Alvin Drew, Kjell Lindgren, Serena Aunon, Kate Rubins, and Mike Massimino pass the Presidential viewing stand and President Barack Obama during the Inaugural Parade on Monday Jan. 21, 2013, in Washington, D.C. 

Orion will carry future astronauts beyond Earth orbit to farther destinations than ever before. 

Credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls 




 Caption: Curiosity Replica Preps for Parade

On Saturday morning, Jan. 19, 2013, at Joint Base Anacostia Bolling (JBAB) in Washington, Steve LaDrew, with Capitol Exhibit Services, adjusts the Mastcam on a replica of the Mars Curiosity Rover. 

The NASA float will participate in Monday's Inaugural Parade honoring President Barack Obama. 

Image Credit: NASA/Paul E. Alers 




 From r/pics [http://i.imgur.com/iYbIn.jpg](http://i.imgur.com/iYbIn.jpg) 




 Caption: First Use of Mars Rover Curiosity's Dust Removal Tool

This image from the Mars Hand Lens Imager (MAHLI) on NASA's Mars rover Curiosity shows the patch of rock cleaned by the first use of the rover's Dust Removal Tool (DRT). 

The tool is a motorized, wire-bristle brush on the turret at the end of the rover's arm. Its first use was on the 150th Martian day, or sol, of the mission (Jan. 6, 2013). MAHLI took this image from a distance of about 10 inches (25 centimeters) after the brushing was completed on this rock target called "Ekwir_1." The patch of the rock from which dust has been brushed away is about 1.85 inches by 2.44 inches (47 millimeters by 62 millimeters). The scale bar at bottom right is 1 centimeter (0.39 inch). 

A view of Curiosity's turret at http://photojournal.jpl.nasa.gov/catalog/PIA15699 shows the DRT on the right side of the image and the MAHLI at the center. 

Honeybee Robotics, New York, N.Y., built the DRT for Curiosity. Malin Space Science Systems, San Diego, built the MAHLI. 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS 




 [Here's a crappy picture of it](http://media.philly.com/images/600*450/christmas-lights-middle-finger_400.jpg) 




 Caption: Robonaut Operates Task Board in Space

In the International Space Station's Destiny laboratory, Robonaut 2 is pictured on Jan. 2, during a round of testing for the first humanoid robot in space. Ground teams put Robonaut through its paces as they remotely commanded it to operate valves on a task board.

Robonaut is a testbed for exploring new robotic capabilities in space, and its form and dexterity allow it to use the same tools and control panels as its human counterparts do aboard the station.

Photo Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Snow-Covered Desert

Snow-covered deserts are rare, but thats exactly what the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) on NASAs Aqua satellite observed as it passed over the Taklimakan Desert in western China on Jan. 2, 2013. Snow has covered much of the desert since a storm blew through the area on Dec. 26. The day after the storm, Chinese Central Television (CNTV) reported that the Xinjian Uygyr autonomous region was one of the areas hardest hit.

The Taklimakan is one of the worlds largestand hottestsandy deserts. Water flowing into the Tarim Basin has no outlet, so over the years, sediments have steadily accumulated. In parts of the desert, sand can pile up to 300 meters (roughly 1,000 feet) high. The mountains that enclose the sea of sandthe Tien Shan in the north and the Kunlun Shan in the southwere also covered with what appeared to be a significantly thicker layer of snow in January 2013.

Image Credit: NASA/Aqua 




 Caption: Curiosity Self-Portrait, Wide View

On the 84th and 85th Martian days of the NASA Mars rover Curiosity's mission on Mars (Oct. 31 and Nov. 1, 2012), NASA's Curiosity rover used the Mars Hand Lens Imager (MAHLI) to capture dozens of high-resolution images to be combined into self-portrait images of the rover. 

The mosaic shows the rover at "Rocknest," the spot in Gale Crater where the mission's first scoop sampling took place. Four scoop scars can be seen in the regolith in front of the rover. A fifth scoop was collected later. 

Self-portraits like this one document the state of the rover and allow mission engineers to track changes over time, such as dust accumulation and wheel wear. Due to its location on the end of the robotic arm, only MAHLI (among the rover's 17 cameras) is able to image some parts of the craft, including the port-side wheels. 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS 




 Caption: Ion Thruster Sets World Record

While the Dawn spacecraft is visiting the asteroids Vesta and Ceres, NASA Glenn has been developing the next generation of ion thrusters for future missions. NASA's Evolutionary Xenon Thruster (NEXT) Project has developed a 7-kilowatt ion thruster that can provide the capabilities needed in the future. 

An ion thruster produces small levels of thrust relative to chemical thrusters, but does so at higher specific impulse (or higher exhaust velocities), which means that an ion thruster has a fuel efficiency of 10-12 times greater than a chemical thruster. The higher the rocket's specific impulse (fuel efficiency), the farther the spacecraft can go with a given amount of fuel. Given that an ion thruster produces small levels of thrust relative to chemical thrusters, it needs to operate in excess of 10,000 hours to slowly accelerate the spacecraft to speeds necessary to reach the asteroid belt or beyond. 

The NEXT ion thruster has been operated for over 43,000 hours, which for rocket scientists means that the thruster has processed over 770 kilograms of xenon propellant and can provide 30 million-newton-seconds of total impulse to the spacecraft. This demonstrated performance permits future science spacecraft to travel to varied destinations, such as extended tours of multi-asteroids, comets, and outer planets and their moons. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 If only they had been carrying automatic rifles, this would have never happened. 




 Caption: Orion Parachutes

Three 300-pound main parachutes gently lower a mockup Orion capsule to the ground during a test at the U.S. Army Yuma Proving Ground in Arizona on Dec. 20. The test verified that the parachute design for the spacecraft  which will take humans farther than theyve ever been before and return them to Earth at greater speeds than ever before  will work in the event of one of the capsules two drogue parachutes malfunctions.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Orion Spacecraft

Technicians prepare to fit a special fixture around an Orion capsule inside the high bay of the Operations   Checkout Building at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida. The fixture is designed to enable precise pre-launch processing of the Orion spacecraft. 

Orion will be the most advanced spacecraft ever designed and carry astronauts farther into space than ever before. It will sustain astronauts during space travel and provide safe re-entry from deep space and emergency abort capability. Orion will be launched by NASA's Space Launch System (SLS), a heavy-lift rocket that will provide an entirely new capability for human exploration beyond low Earth orbit. Designed to be flexible for launching spacecraft for crew and cargo missions, SLS will enable new missions of exploration and expand human presence across the solar system.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Driving on the Moon

Forty years ago today on Dec. 11, 1972, astronaut Eugene A. Cernan, commander, makes a short checkout of the lunar rover during the early part of the first Apollo 17 extravehicular activity at the Taurus-Littrow landing site. This view of the "stripped down" rover is prior to loading up. Equipment later loaded onto the rover included the ground-controlled television assembly, the lunar communications relay unit, hi-gain antenna, low-gain antenna, aft tool pallet, lunar tools and scientific gear.

This photograph was taken by scientist-astronaut Harrison H. Schmitt, lunar module pilot. The mountain in the right background is the east end of South Massif. While astronauts Cernan and Schmitt descended in the Lunar Module "Challenger" to explore the moon, astronaut Ronald E. Evans, command module pilot, remained with the Command and Service Modules "America" in lunar orbit.

Image Credit: NASA 




 GRAIL's Gravity Tour of the Moon

This movie shows the variations in the lunar gravity field as measured by NASA's Gravity Recovery and Interior Laboratory (GRAIL) during the primary mapping mission from March to May 2012. Very precise microwave measurements between two spacecraft, named Ebb and Flow, were used to map gravity with high precision and high spatial resolution. The field shown resolves blocks on the surface of about 12 miles (20 kilometers) and measurements are three to five times improved over previous data. Red corresponds to mass excesses and blue corresponds to mass deficiencies. The map shows more small-scale detail on the far side of the moon compared to the nearside because the far side has many more small craters. 

 [See video](http://www.nasa.gov/multimedia/videogallery/index.html?media_id=156526301) 

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/MIT/GSFC 




 Caption: Earth at Night

This new global view of Earth's city lights is a composite assembled from data acquired by the Suomi National Polar-orbiting Partnership (NPP) satellite. The data was acquired over nine days in April 2012 and 13 days in October 2012. It took 312 orbits to get a clear shot of every parcel of Earth's land surface and islands. This new data was then mapped over existing Blue Marble imagery of Earth to provide a realistic view of the planet.

The image was made possible by the satellite's "day-night band" of the Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite, which detects light in a range of wavelengths from green to near-infrared and uses filtering techniques to observe dim signals such as city lights, gas flares, auroras, wildfires and reflected moonlight.

The day-night band observed Hurricane Sandy, illuminated by moonlight, making landfall over New Jersey on the evening of Oct. 29. Night images showed the widespread power outages that left millions in darkness in the wake of the storm. 

Image credit: NASA's Earth Observatory/NOAA/DOD 




 Caption: SLS Model 'Flies' Through Langley Wind Tunnel Testing

NASA's Space Launch System buffet model in NASA's Langley Researcher Center's Transonic Dynamics Tunnel. The SLS is America's next heavy-lift launch vehicle that will provide an entirely new capability for science and human exploration beyond Earth's orbit. 

Image credit: NASA/LaRC  




 Caption: Soyuz Re-Entry

Seen from the International Space Station, the Soyuz TMA-05M descent module begins to re-enter the Earth's atmosphere, leaving a plasma trail as the Expedition 33 crew streaks toward a pre-dawn landing on the steppe of Kazakhstan. 

Expedition 33 Commander Suni Williams and Flight Engineers Yuri Malenchenko and Aki Hoshide landed northeast of the remote town of Arkalyk at 8:56 p.m. EST Sunday (7:56 a.m. Monday, Kazakhstan time).  




 Caption: Centaur - A NASA Workhorse

Workers at the Propulsion Systems Laboratory at Lewis Research Center, now John H. Glenn Research Center, develop the Centaur upper stage rocket. The Centaur was an ambitious rocket using liquid oxygen and liquid hydrogen. It was the first rocket to ever use hydrogen as a propulsion fuel and underwent a difficult development period. It later became a highly successful upper stage used for hundreds of NASA, commercial and military payloads. 

On Nov. 27, 1963, NASA had a successful launch of the first Atlas/Centaur. No payload was carried, but the powerful rocket scored a significant milestone: first in-flight burn of a liquid-hydrogen/liquid-oxygen engine. Major successes followed rapidly.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Update: ["Eleven skinned animals dumped near a public park in Lehigh County now appear to be foxes, not puppies, officials announced late Monday."](http://www.wfmz.com/news/news-regional-lehighvalley/Necropsy-11-animals-skinned-in-Lower-Macungie-were-not-dogs/-/132502/17554774/-/xr9gsr/-/index.html) 




 I seem biased because I posted a translation of the leaflet? 




 [Pic and translation of leaflet](http://blogs.aljazeera.com/liveblog?f[0]=field_ns_topic:136)

Translation:

Military Announcement

To the residents of Sheikh Ijleen, Tal al Hawa, Remal al-Janoub, Zeitoun neighbourhood, Shoujaiyat al-Tourkman, Shoujaiyat al-Jadida:

The Israeli military is not targeting any of you and does not want to hurt you or members of your family.

For your own safety, you are requested to evacuate your houses right away and to move towards Gaza city through Cairo Road, Arab League Road, al-Aqsa Road, al-Qadisiya Road, Em el Leymoun, Salaheddine, al-Mansoura, Khalas, Baghdad.

The deployment in Gaza city is limited in the west of Salah al-Din Road, north of Omar al Moukhtar Road, East of Nasr Road, and south of al-Qods Road.

This confrontation is temporary and once it ends everyone will go home.

Obeying the orders of the Israeli military will result in you, civilian residents, not being hurt

The Israeli Defence Army Leadership 




 Caption: Double Prominence Eruptions

The Sun erupted with two prominence eruptions, one after the other over a four-hour period on Nov. 16, 2012. The action was captured in the 304 Angstrom wavelength of extreme ultraviolet light. It seems possible that the disruption to the Suns magnetic field might have triggered the second event since they were in relatively close proximity to each other. The expanding particle clouds heading into space do not appear to be Earth-directed. 

Image Credit: NASA/SDO/Steele Hill 




 Caption: 100th Test Flight

The Boeing X-48 Blended Wing Body subscale research aircraft made its 100th flight in late October at NASA's Dryden Flight Research Center at Edwards Air Force Base, Calif.

The milestone occurred Oct. 30 when the unmanned X-48C aircraft was flown on two separate 25-minute flights -- the seventh and eighth flights for the X-48C since it began flying Aug. 7. Between 2007 and 2010, the aircraft, then in the X-48B configuration, made 92 flights.

Pictured here, Boeing's X-48C Blended Wing Body research aircraft is silhouetted against the morning sky over Edwards Air Force Base on Oct. 16, 2012.

Image Credit: NASA/Carla Thomas 




 Caption: One Giant Scoop for Mankind

This image shows a "bite mark" where NASA's Curiosity rover scooped up some Martian soil. The first scoop sample was taken from the "Rocknest" patch of dust and sand on Oct. 7, 2012, the 61st sol, or Martian day, of operations. A third scoop sample was collected on Oct. 15, or Sol 69, and deposited into the Chemistry and Mineralogy (CheMin) instrument on Oct. 17, or Sol 71. 

This image was taken by Curiosity's Mast Camera. Scientists enhanced the color in this version to show the Martian scene as it would appear under lighting conditions on Earth, which helps in analyzing the terrain. 

During the two-year prime mission of the Mars Science Laboratory Project, researchers are using Curiosity's 10 instruments to investigate whether areas in Gale Crater ever offered environmental conditions favorable for microbial life. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Dragon in its Nest

A Space Exploration Technologies (SpaceX) Dragon spacecraft splashed down in the Pacific Ocean at 3:22 p.m. EDT Sunday, Oct. 28, 2012, a few hundred miles west of Baja California, Mexico. The splashdown successfully ended the first contracted cargo delivery flight contracted by NASA to resupply the International Space Station. 

The Dragon capsule will be taken by boat to a port near Los Angeles, where it will be prepared for a return journey to SpaceX's test facility in McGregor, Texas, for processing. Returning with the Dragon capsule was 1,673 pounds of cargo, including 866 pounds of scientific research. Not since the space shuttle have NASA and its international partners been able to return considerable amounts of research and samples for analysis.

Image Credit: SpaceX 




 Someone needs to create a doping confession form letter. 




 Caption: Rocket Rollout

The Soyuz rocket is rolled out to the launch pad by train, on Sunday, Oct. 21, 2012, at the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan. Launch of the Soyuz rocket is scheduled for Tuesday, Oct. 23. The rocket will send Expedition 33/34 Flight Engineer Kevin Ford of NASA, Soyuz Commander Oleg Novitskiy and Flight Engineer Engineer Evgeny Tarelkin of ROSCOSMOS on a five-month mission aboard the International Space Station. 

Image Credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls 




 Caption: Shuttle Endeavour Crossing
The space shuttle Endeavour is seen atop the Over Land Transporter (OLT) after exiting the Los Angeles International Airport on its way to its new home at the California Science Center in Los Angeles, Friday, Oct. 12, 2012. 

Endeavour, built as a replacement for space shuttle Challenger, completed 25 missions, spent 299 days in orbit, and orbited Earth 4,671 times while traveling 122,883,151 miles. Beginning Oct. 30, the shuttle will be on display in the CSCs Samuel Oschin Space Shuttle Endeavour Display Pavilion, embarking on its new mission to commemorate past achievements in space and educate and inspire future generations of explorers. 

Photo Credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls 




 [Checking a Bright Object on the Ground](http://mars.jpl.nasa.gov/news/whatsnew/index.cfm?FuseAction=ShowNews NewsID=1371)
 "Curiosity's first scooping activity appeared to go well on Oct. 7. Subsequently, the rover team decided to refrain from using the rover's robotic arm on Oct. 8 due to the detection of a bright object on the ground that might be a piece from the rover. Instead of arm activities during the 62nd Martian day, or sol, of the mission, Curiosity is acquiring additional imaging of the object to aid the team in identifying the object and assessing possible impact, if any, to sampling activities."

Also, here's an [image of the object taken by the ChemCam](http://mars.jpl.nasa.gov/msl-raw-images/proj/msl/redops/ods/surface/sol/00062/opgs/edr/ccam/CR0_403005421EDR_F0050104CCAM01062M_.JPG) 




 Curiosity takes the cinnamon challenge 




 Caption: View of Curiosity's First Scoop Also Shows Bright Object

This image from the right Mast Camera (Mastcam) of NASA's Mars rover Curiosity shows a scoop full of sand and dust lifted by the rover's first use of the scoop on its robotic arm. In the foreground, near the bottom of the image, a bright object is visible on the ground. The object might be a piece of rover hardware. 

This image was taken during the mission's 61st Martian day, or sol (Oct. 7, 2012), the same sol as the first scooping. After examining Sol 61 imaging, the rover team decided to refrain from using the arm on Sol 62 (Oct. 8). Instead, the rover was instructed to acquire additional imaging of the bright object, on Sol 62, to aid the team in assessing possible impact, if any, to sampling activities. 

For scale, the scoop is 1.8 inches (4.5 centimeters) wide, 2.8 inches (7 centimeters) long. 

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS 




 Caption: Mirror Inspection

Technicians and scientists check out one of the Webb telescope's first two flight mirrors on Sept. 19, 2012 in the clean room at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md.

The mirrors are going through receiving and inspection and will then be stored in the Goddard clean room until engineers are ready to assemble them onto the telescope's backplane structure that will support them.

One of the Webbs science goals is to look back through time to when galaxies were young. To see such far-off and faint objects, Webb needs a large mirror. A telescopes sensitivity, or how much detail it can see, is directly related to the size of the mirror area that collects light from the objects being observed. A larger area collects more light, just like a larger bucket collects more water in a rain shower than a small one.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Antares Rolls Out

Orbital Sciences Corporations Antares rocket rolls out to the launch pad at NASAs Wallops Flight Facility on the morning of Oct. 1, 2012. Over the next several months, Orbital plans a hot-fire test of the Antares first stage, the maiden flight of an Antares rocket, and a cargo delivery demonstration mission to the International Space Station as part of NASAs Commercial Orbital Transportation Services.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Sad 




 I didn't take it, it is a NASA shot. 




 Caption: President's Signature On Board Curiosity
This view of Curiosity's deck shows a plaque bearing several signatures of US officials, including that of President Obama and Vice President Biden. The image was taken by the rover's Mars Hand Lens Imager (MAHLI) during the rover's 44th Martian day, or sol, on Mars (Sept. 19, 2012). The plaque is located on the front left side of the rover's deck. 

The rectangular plaque is made of anodized aluminum and measures 3.94 inches (100 millimeters) tall by 3.23 inches (82 millimeters) wide. The plaque was affixed to the rover's deck with four bolts. 

Similar plaques with signatures - including those of the sitting president and vice-president -- adorn the lander platforms for NASA's Spirit and Opportunity rovers, which landed on Mars in January of 2004. An image from Spirit's plaque can be found at: http://photojournal.jpl.nasa.gov/catalog/PIA05034 

The main purpose of Curiosity's MAHLI camera is to acquire close-up, high-resolution views of rocks and soil at the rover's Gale Crater field site. The camera is capable of focusing on any target at distances of about 0.8 inch (2.1 centimeters) to infinity, providing versatility for other uses, such as views of the rover itself from different angles. 
 




 I agree, though the article is more about calling out the national media than it is about Romney's high school bullying. 




 Caption: Space Shuttle Endeavour Over Houston, Texas

Space Shuttle Endeavour is ferried by NASA's Shuttle Carrier Aircraft (SCA) over Houston, Texas on September 19, 2012. NASA pilots Jeff Moultrie and Bill Rieke are at the controls of the Shuttle Carrier Aircraft. Photo taken by NASA photographer Sheri Locke in the backseat of a NASA T-38 chase plane with NASA pilot Thomas E. Parent at the controls.

Photo Credit: NASA/ Sheri Locke 




 Caption: James Webb Space Telescope Mirror 'Cans'

The powerful primary mirrors of the James Webb Space Telescope will be able to detect the light from distant galaxies. The manufacturer of those mirrors, Ball Aerospace   Technologies Corp. of Boulder, Colo., recently celebrated their successful efforts as mirror segments were packed up in special shipping canisters (cans) for shipping to NASA.

The Webb telescope has 21 mirrors, with 18 primary mirror segments working together as one large 21.3-foot (6.5-meter) primary mirror. The mirror segments are made of beryllium, which was selected for its stiffness, light weight and stability at cryogenic temperatures. Bare beryllium is not very reflective of near-infrared light, so each mirror is coated with about 0.12 ounce of gold. 




 Caption: Space Shuttle Endeavour

Space shuttle Endeavour is seen atop NASA's Shuttle Carrier Aircraft, or SCA, at the Shuttle Landing Facility in the early morning hours at NASA's Kennedy Space Center on Tuesday, Sept. 18, 2012 in Cape Canaveral, Fla. The SCA, a modified 747 jetliner, will fly Endeavour to Los Angeles where it will be placed on public display at the California Science Center. This is the final ferry flight scheduled in the Space Shuttle Program era. Photo Credit: (NASA/Bill Ingalls) 




 Caption: Space Shuttle Endeavour

Space shuttle Endeavour is seen atop NASA's Shuttle Carrier Aircraft, or SCA, at the Shuttle Landing Facility at NASA's Kennedy Space Center on Monday, Sept. 17, 2012 in Cape Canaveral, Fla. The SCA, a modified 747 jetliner, will fly Endeavour to Los Angeles where it will be placed on public display at the California Science Center. This is the final ferry flight scheduled in the Space Shuttle Program era. 

Image Credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls 




 Why does everyone forget that Bush led SEAL Team 6 to ~~Tora Bora~~ bin Laden's front door? 




 If you can't win, cheat.  It's the republican way. 




 How DARE they cross Ted Nugent 




 Caption: Panorama of Curiosity's Belly Check

This view of the lower front and underbelly areas of NASA's Mars rover Curiosity combines nine images taken by the rover's Mars Hand Lens Imager (MAHLI) during the 34th Martian day, or sol, of Curiosity's work on Mars (Sept. 9, 2012). 

Curiosity's front Hazard-Avoidance cameras appear as a set of four blue eyes at the top center of the portrait. Fine-grain Martian dust can be seen adhering to the wheels, which are about 16 inches (40 centimeters) wide and 20 inches (50 centimeters) in diameter. The bottom of the rover is about 26 inches (66 centimeters) above the ground. On the horizon at the right is a portion of Mount Sharp, with dark dunes at its base. 

The camera is in the turret of tools at the end of Curiosity's robotic arm. The Sol 34 imaging by MAHLI was part of a week-long set of activities for characterizing the movement of the arm in Mars conditions. As this was a test to gain new information about operation of the instrument, the MAHLI team noted that two of the nine images acquired for this mosaic were not in focus. 

The main purpose of Curiosity's MAHLI camera is to acquire close-up, high-resolution views of rocks and soil at the rover's Gale Crater field site. The camera is capable of focusing on any target at distances of about 0.8 inch (2.1 centimeters) to infinity, providing versatility for other uses, such as views of the rover itself from different angles. 

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Malin Space Science Systems 




 Insanity...alive and well, in the Tea Party. 




 Caption: Sunita Williams on Spacewalk

NASA astronaut Sunita Williams, Expedition 32 flight engineer, appears to touch the bright sun during the missions third session of extravehicular activity (EVA) on Sept. 5, 2012. 

During the six-hour, 28-minute spacewalk, Williams and Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency astronaut Aki Hoshide (visible in the reflections of Williams helmet visor), flight engineer, completed the installation of a Main Bus Switching Unit (MBSU) that was hampered by a possible misalignment and damaged threads where a bolt must be placed. They also installed a camera on the International Space Stations robotic arm, Canadarm2.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Should read: (peaks over 14,000 ft)...  stupid fingers 




 Full Caption: Focusing the 100-millimeter Mastcam

This image is from a test series used to characterize the 100-millimeter Mast Camera on NASA's Curiosity rover. It was taken on Aug. 23, 2012, and looks south-southwest from the rover's landing site.

The 100-millimeter Mastcam has three times better resolution than Curiosity's 34-millimeter Mastcam, though it has a narrower field of view.

The gravelly area around Curiosity's landing site is visible in the foreground. Farther away, about a third of the way up from the bottom of the image, the terrain falls off into a depression (a swale). Beyond the swale, in the middle of the image, is the boulder-strewn, red-brown rim of a moderately-sized impact crater. Farther off in the distance, there are dark dunes and then the layered rock at the base of Mount Sharp. Some haze obscures the view, but the top ridge, depicted in this image, is 10 miles (16.2 kilometers) away.

Scientists enhanced the color in one version to show the Martian scene under the lighting conditions we have on Earth, which helps in analyzing the terrain. A raw version is also available.

An annotated version of the image indicates the distances to different features. They were calculated using a computer program that analyzes data from the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment (HiRISE) camera aboard NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter.

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS 




 Tax the church. 




 Caption: Space Medal of Honor

Astronaut Neil Armstrong received the first Congressional Space Medal of Honor from President Jimmy Carter, assisted by Captain Robert Peterson. Armstrong, one of six astronauts to be presented the medal during ceremonies held in the Vehicle Assembly Building, was awarded for his performance during the Gemini 8 mission and the Apollo 11 mission when he became the first human to set foot upon the moon. 

Armstrong died on Aug. 25, 2012, at the age of 82.

Image Credit: NASA 




 [Wikipedia says](http://bit.ly/RjnNqP) first exploration test flight in 2014 and first mission with a crew 2019-2021. 




 Caption: Orion Spacecraft Water Impact Testing

Water impact test of an 18,000-pound (8,165 kilogram) test version of the Orion spacecraft at NASA's Langley Research Center on Thursday, Aug. 23, 2012.

Swing drop testing began last summer at Langley's Hydro Impact Basin to certify the Orion spacecraft for water landings. In this series of tests, Orion is being dropped vertically into the pool for the first time, which will help fine-tune the way NASA predicts Orion's landing loads. 

The Orion spacecraft and the Space Launch System (SLS), NASAs next crew capsule and heavy-lift rocket, will provide an entirely new capability for human exploration. Designed to be flexible for launching spacecraft for crew and cargo missions, SLS and Orion will expand human presence beyond low Earth orbit and enable new missions of exploration across the solar system.

Image Credit: NASA 




 "...all at U.S. taxpayers expense" 




 Caption: Russians Outfit the ISS

Russian cosmonauts Gennady Padalka (top), Expedition 32 commander; and Yuri Malenchenko, flight engineer, participate in a session of extravehicular activity (EVA) to continue outfitting the International Space Station. During the five-hour, 51-minute spacewalk on August 20, 2012, Padalka and Malenchenko moved the Strela-2 cargo boom from the Pirs docking compartment to the Zarya module to prepare Pirs for its eventual replacement with a new Russian multipurpose laboratory module. The two spacewalking cosmonauts also installed micrometeoroid debris shields on the exterior of the Zvezda service module and deployed a small science satellite. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Curiosity in Exaggerated Color

This color-enhanced view of NASA's Curiosity rover on the surface of Mars was taken by the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment (HiRISE) on NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter as the satellite flew overhead. Colors have been enhanced to show the subtle color variations near the rover, which result from different types of materials. 

The descent stage blast pattern around the rover is clearly seen as relatively blue colors (true colors would be more gray). 

Curiosity landed within Gale Crater, a portion of which is pictured here. The mountain at the center of the crater, called Mount Sharp, is located out of frame to the southeast. North is up. 

This image was acquired at an angle of 30 degrees from straight down, looking west. Another image looking more directly down will be acquired in five days, completing a stereo pair along with this image. 

The scale of this image cutout is about 12 inches (31 centimeters) per pixel. 

HiRISE is one of six instruments on NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter. The University of Arizona, Tucson, operates the orbiter's HiRISE camera, which was built by Ball Aerospace   Technologies Corp., Boulder, Colo. NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, manages the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter Project for NASAs Science Mission Directorate, Washington. Lockheed Martin Space Systems, Denver, built the spacecraft. 

Image credit: NASNASA/JPL-Caltech/University of Arizona 




 Caption: Orion's Main Parachutes

One of Orions main parachutes from the Capsule Parachute Assembly System, or CPAS, is lowered into the water at the Neutral Buoyancy Lab (NBL) at the Johnson Space Center in Houston. The Orion CPAS team joined the Exploration Flight Test 1 recovery team and representatives of the U.S. Navy to test recovery procedures for the Orion parachutes.

The NBL is 202 feet in length, 102 feet in width, and 40 feet in depth (20 feet above ground level and 20 ft below) and holds 6.2 million gallons of water. In addition to the current parachute recovery test the facility has been used by the Orion program to test the Crew Module Uprighting system on a full size Orion mockup known as PORT.

Image Credit: NASA/James Blair 




 Caption: Gale Crater Vista
This is the first 360-degree panorama in color of the Gale Crater landing site taken by NASA's Curiosity rover. The panorama was made from thumbnail versions of images taken by the Mast Camera.

Scientists will take a closer look at several splotches in the foreground that appear gray. These areas show the effects of the descent stage's rocket engines blasting the ground. What appeared as a dark strip of dunes in previous, black-and-white pictures from Curiosity can be seen along the top of this mosaic, but the color images also reveal additional shades of reddish brown around the dunes, likely indicating different textures or materials.

The images were taken on Aug. 9, 2012, by the 34-millimeter Mast Camera. This panorama mosaic was made of 130 images of 144 by 144 pixels each. Selected full frames from this panorama, which are 1,200 by 1,200 pixels each, are expected to be transmitted to Earth later. The images in this panorama were brightened in the processing. Mars only receives half the sunlight Earth does and this image was taken in the late Martian afternoon.

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS 




 Full caption: Curiosity's New Home
These are the first two full-resolution images of the Martian surface from the Navigation cameras on NASA's Curiosity rover, which are located on the rover's "head" or mast. The rim of Gale Crater can be seen in the distance beyond the pebbly ground. 

The topography of the rim is very mountainous due to erosion. The ground seen in the middle shows low-relief scarps and plains. The foreground shows two distinct zones of excavation likely carved out by blasts from the rover's descent stage thrusters. 

These are full-resolution images, 1024 by 1024 pixels in size. 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech 




 Caption: Blended Wing Body Aircraft Lifts Off

The remotely operated X-48C Blended Wing Body aircraft lifts off Rogers Dry Lake at Edwards Air Force Base, Calif., on its first test flight Aug. 7, 2012. The sub-scale technology demonstrator, modified from the prior X-48B configuration, is entering a new flight test phase in a partnership between NASA and The Boeing Company's Phantom Works research and technology division. 

The aircraft, designed by the Boeing Co. and built by Cranfield Aerospace Ltd. of the United Kingdom, is flying again in partnership with NASA. The new X-48C model, which was formerly the X-48B Blended Wing Body aircraft, was modified to evaluate the low-speed stability and control of a low-noise version of a notional, future Hybrid Wing Body (HWB) aircraft design. The HWB design stems from concept studies being conducted by NASA's Environmentally Responsible Aviation project of future potential aircraft designs 20 years from now.

Image Credit: NASA/Carla Thomas 




 Looks like the Chick-fil-A PR trolls are out in force again 




 Not to mention that inside, there are two pickles touching. 




 And you in the "freedom and liberty for some" column. 




 Caption: Triumph

In the Mission Operations Control Room of the Mission Control Center, Building 30, Manned Spacecraft Center, flight controllers applaud the splashdown and success of the Apollo 11 lunar mission. 

Four days earlier on July 20, 1969, mission commander Neil Armstrong and lunar module pilot Buzz Aldrin landed on the moon. Armstrong, Aldrin and command module pilot Michael Collins splashed down in the Pacific Ocean on July 24, successfully completing the mission. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Just like George Bush killed bin Laden retroactively. 




 [Eat more kale](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/12/05/us/eat-more-kale-t-shirts-challenged-by-chick-fil-a.html) 




 Boycott Chik-fil-a 




 Caption: Expedition 32 Soyuz Rocket Rollout

The Soyuz TMA-05M spacecraft is rolled out by train on its way to the launch pad at the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan, Thursday, July 12, 2012. The launch of the Soyuz spacecraft with Expedition 32 Soyuz Commander Yuri Malenchenko, NASA Flight Engineer Sunita Williams and JAXA (Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency) Flight Engineer Akihiko Hoshide is scheduled for the morning of Sunday, July 15, local time. 

Image Credit: NASA/Carla Cioffi 




 [Kobayashi edges Chestnut in Fourth of July Brooklyn Weiner War](http://offthebench.nbcsports.com/2012/07/04/kobayashi-edges-chestnut-in-fourth-of-july-weiner-war)

"Despite the best efforts of the Nathans Famous Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest establishment to ignore his existence, Hot Dog Rebel Takeru Kobayashi still managed to steal the spotlight from Joey Chestnut in the weiner eating war. At Coney Island, Chestnut gobbled 68 hot dogs to win the Nathans 2012 title, and the crowd rejoiced. But a couple of miles away, Kobayashi  banned from the Nathans event in 2010 due to a contract dispute  scarfed 68 1/2 dogs to win the inaugural Crif Hot Dog Challenge." 




 Caption: First Space-Bound MPCV Packed for Shipment to Kennedy

(26 June 2012) --- At NASAs Michoud Assembly Facility in Louisiana, the first space-bound Orion capsule is packed up for shipment to the Kennedy Space Center for final processing and outfitting. This spacecraft will fly on Exploration Flight Test-1 in 2014. The EFT-1 flight will take Orion to an altitude of more than 3,600 miles, more than 15 times farther away from Earth than the International Space Station. Orion will return home at a speed of 25,000 miles per hour, almost 5,000 miles per hour faster than any human spacecraft. It will mimic the return conditions that astronauts experience as they come home from voyages beyond low Earth orbit. As Orion reenters the atmosphere, it will endure temperatures up to 4,000 degrees F., higher than any human spacecraft since astronauts returned from the moon.

Photo credit: NASA. 




 Caption: Atlantis Replica Gets Processed

In Orbiter Processing Facility-1 at NASAs Kennedy Space Center in Florida, technicians sitting on the Hyster forklift monitor the progress as technicians in the aft portion of space shuttle Atlantis connect replica shuttle main engine RSME number 2. Three RSMEs will be installed on Atlantis. The work is part of the Space Shuttle Programs transition and retirement processing of the space shuttle fleet. A groundbreaking was held Jan. 18 for Atlantis future home, a 65,000-square-foot exhibit hall in Shuttle Plaza at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex. Atlantis is scheduled to roll over to the visitor complex in November in preparation for the exhibits grand opening in July 2013. 

Photo credit: NASA, Glenn Benson 




 [Here's one that is even more expensive!](http://laughingsquid.com/666-burger-truck-serves-a-pentagram-branded-666-douche-burger/) 




 Caption: Blue Marble 2012 - Arctic View

Fifteen orbits of the recently launched Suomi NPP satellite provided the VIIRS instrument enough time (and longitude) to gather the pixels for this synthesized view of Earth showing the Arctic, Europe, and Asia.

Suomi NPP orbits the Earth about 14 times each day and observes nearly the entire surface. The NPP satellite continues key data records that are critical for climate change science.

Image Credit: NASA/GSFC 




 Caption: Moving MIRI is an Exact Science

Now that NASA's Mid-Infrared Instrument (MIRI) is in the giant clean room at NASA Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md., it's important to make sure every detail is perfect. That includes moving the MIRI. Pictured here, some engineers mount the MIRI onto an ASMIF (Ambient Science Instrument Mechanical Interface Fixture) for the next series of tests. Standing in the background, another engineer peers through a theodolite camera to ensure that the MIRI is moving exactly where it needs to go. Theodolites are used in activities like surveying to measure angles and accurately determine positions and movements. The MIRI will fly onboard NASA's James Webb Space Telescope, the next generation space telescope that will succeed the Hubble Space Telescope.

Credit: NASA/Chris Gunn; Caption: NASA/Rob Gutro 




 Caption: NuSTAR Spacecraft Jointed to Rocket

In this image from February 2012, technicians review their checklists after joining NASA's NuSTAR spacecraft with the Orbital Sciences Pegasus XL rocket inside an environmental enclosure at Vandenberg Air Force Base's processing facility in California. 

Image credit: NASA/Randy Beaudoin 




 Caption: Evaluating the Advanced Crew Escape Suit

NASA astronaut Rex Walheim participated in an evaluation of the Advanced Crew Escape Suit (ACES) in the Active Response Gravity Offload System, or ARGOS, at the Johnson Space Center on Tuesday, June, 5, 2012. The modified ACES suit is fully integrated with Orion life support systems and will be used by crews for ascent and entry, as well as light extra vehicular activities, commonly referred to as spacewalks. The ARGOS system allows an astronaut to be suspended and have full freedom of motion, simulating a microgravity environment. During this test, Walheim evaluated the amount of dexterity the suit would provide for various tasks including translating across handrails, working with tools and entering a spacecraft hatch.

Image Credit: NASA/Radislav Sinyak 




 Caption: Venus Transit From the Space Station

This image of the 2012 Venus Transit was taken by NASA Astronaut Don Pettit from aboard the International Space Station on June 5, 2012. Pettit, who had the foresight to bring a solar filter for his camera, captured several images of the June 5 transit, downloading them in almost real-time. He photographed the image through the European Space Agency-built "cupola", removing the scratch panes to get crisp, clear images.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Coronal Hole on the Sun

This image of a coronal hole on the sun bears a remarkable resemblance to the 'Sesame Street' character Big Bird. Coronal holes are regions where the sun's corona is dark. These features were discovered when X-ray telescopes were first flown above the Earth's atmosphere to reveal the structure of the corona across the solar disc. Coronal holes are associated with 'open' magnetic field lines and are often found at the suns poles. The high-speed solar wind is known to originate in coronal holes. The solar wind escaping from this hole will reach Earth around June 5-7, 2012.

Image Credit: NASA/AIA 




 Caption: Capturing the Dragon

On May 25, 2012, with darkness, Earth's horizon and thin line of atmosphere forming a backdrop, the SpaceX Dragon commercial cargo craft is grappled by the Canadarm2 robotic arm at the International Space Station. Expedition 31 Flight Engineers Don Pettit and Andre Kuipers grappled Dragon at 9:56 a.m. EDT and used the robotic arm to berth Dragon to the Earth-facing side of the stations Harmony node at 12:02 p.m. May 25, 2012. Dragon became the first commercially developed space vehicle to be launched to the station to join Russian, European and Japanese resupply craft that service the complex while restoring a U.S. capability to deliver cargo to the orbital laboratory. Dragon is scheduled to spend about a week docked with the station before returning to Earth on May 31 for retrieval.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Thanks for the info, I had wondered about the solar arrays in the pic.  That image/caption was up on nasa.gov as their 'image of the day' yesterday morning, but I see now it has been removed. 




 Caption: Inside the Dragon (Capsule)

This image of the inside of the Dragon module was taken by European Space Agency astronaut Andre Kuipers. 

The SpaceX Falcon 9 and its Dragon spacecraft launched on Tuesday, May 22, at 3:44 a.m. EDT. 

This mission is a demonstration flight by Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, as part of its contract with NASA to have private companies launch cargo safely to the International Space Station.

Image Credit: ESA/NASA 




