 Perfectionist is very challenging in blacklist, if that's what you're looking for. I haven't played the first three so I can't speak for those, but still I can't imagine there's *that* much a change. 




 I don't know why people are complaining about Blacklist not being able to play covertly. I had a ton of fun completely the story in Blacklist as ghost. 




 Assumging you are Long Muppet, no. I was just making a joke about how your name is 'Muppet', i.e. a colloqiel term for someone stupid, and you performed a stupid act. I can see how it might sound like I know you, though.

Also, can I see your Widow fit? I'm training up for one now :D. 




 Long Muppet, heh, sounds about right. 




 - Greyscale, on behalf of the Nullsec Working Group (Scarpia, Fozzie, Ytterbium, Rise, Bettik, Delegate Zero, Masterplan and Nullarbor) 




 Welcome to reddit. 




 Here's the original tweet by TB: 
https://twitter.com/Totalbiscuit/status/517336530885808128

And Jim's reply
https://twitter.com/JimSterling/status/517339470728036352

They're apparently upholding a copyright claim that prevents him from monetizing it.

 




 I'm not asking people to bring out the pitchforks, and people shouldn't, unfortunately that's sort of how reddit does things. I tried in my OP to be as objective as possible,hopefully I succeeded in that. 




 TotalBiscuit explains (possibly) why here: http://www.twitlonger.com/show/ngk4v1 

Tl;dr; looks murky because they only gave out pre-release codes to people they sponsored, but the DMCA claim makes it look like WB Games registered the cutscenes with Content ID, and they're being taken down autotmatically.

Although this is still only speculation as to why the videos were taken down, I don't think we can know exactly if they were DMCA'd manually, or be Content ID. 




 Good quote, awesome movie. 









 Is this some sort of exercise routine? 




 As long as they stick to the 9:1 ratio they should be ok. 




 Thank's for the heads up, I unsubscribed. 




 Nope, donkey, three strikes and you're account gets shutdown. He probably has one or two judging from the content on his channel. You seem to be a fan so I can understand why you're upset, but please at least try to understand it from the point of view of me and all the other people he's potentially stolen from. Thank you! 




 At the end of the day I dont care that he stole it, more so that he didn't bother to contact me. However, I know someone who will be really butthurt when they recieve a copyright strike and their video taken down. (   ) (*tips fedora*) 




 Video was 30 seconds m8, worked real hard. Thanks for your understaning 3 




 From what i've read that dosen't matter because the essence or the "heart" of my video was contained in that 7 seconds. 

http://youtube.com/yt/copyright/fair-use.html#yt-copyright-four-factors

http://publishing.wsu.edu/copyright/fair_use/ (See Amount of the Material Copied.)

The precendant for that 1% was set by  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wright_v._Warner_Books , but that was in conjunction with the fact that it was an educational piece. 

I'd appriciate if you could come up with a source.

Edit: Not only that, but 1% of 174 seconds (the length of his video) is 1.74. seconds. My clip was 7 seconds long. 




 My video isn't under any Creative Common's licence, it's under the Standard YouTube Licence. You need to opt the video in for CC BY. 

Edit: Not only that, but 1% of 174 seconds (the length of his video) is 1.74. seconds. My clip was 7 seconds long. 




 Sorry mate, but even if he is protected by fair use (and I checked US fair use laws a few times before posting this) the least he can do is send me a message telling me he put it in. Thank you for providing an opposing view though, it's always good to get both sides of an argument. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODLvFv7ZwG4 list=UUPkBs8cDAUk9K3RyS_nFiGA#t=20

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1QxSfMUujo#t=22

The only thing's I care about is this:

He made no attempt to contact me. He had to have downloaded and reuploaded the video, hence the shitty quality. I could have even provieded him with a clean copy through something like dropbox, but he's too big to care I guess.

He's monetising my content, making a shit ton of money through my video, with zero credit. 




 I submitted a copyright claim, hopefully the video will be taken down and people will follow suit if they see their video being reuploaded like this. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODLvFv7ZwG4 list=UUPkBs8cDAUk9K3RyS_nFiGA#t=20

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1QxSfMUujo#t=22

The only thing's I care about is this: 

1. He made no attempt to contact me. He had to have downloaded and reuploaded the video, hence the shitty quality. I could have even provieded him with a clean copy through something like dropbox, but he's too big to care I guess.

2. He's monetising my content, making a shit ton of money through my video, with zero credit. 




 So hilarious he took a part of my video without even asking me. I would have said yes, even. It's sad to hear about poeple complaining about youtubers recieving erroneous copyright strikes when huge ones like dunkey do it so blatently. 









 Black ops jump bridge, was thinking of the redeemer. 




 They're alright at best. For example mastery level 3 on the curse dosen't even allow for T2 neuts - on a neuting recon ship. And for the redeemer at level 5 it makes absolutely no mention of JFC or Jump Portal Generation. 




 Mastery 3's are alright, at best. The Curse at mastery level 3 want's capacitor emmision level 3 - which dosent even allow for t2 neuts, on a primarly neuting ship. 




 This is not becoming of a *junior fc.* 




 He's just a really bad troll. Can't believe people can't see that. 




 Next time instead of making an back handed butthurt comment try to understand why they think it's shit. An example reply would be "What aspects of the comic do you think are shit?". Don't post your work on a public forum if you're going to get offended when someone insults it.

Edit: After reading your comments its obvious you resorted to trolling because you can't seem to process that someone might not like you're amazingly hilarious comic. 




 Don't why you're getting downvoted. Launcher wasn't working for me and I use the exefile to get back in instead. 




 What a child, can't believe he's a ceo of a 600 man corp. 




 Here's a slightly better one with fox hound on the right side: http://evf-eve.com/services/brcat/?s=1237 b=6131040 e=141 t=qurrvv 




 This post sums up about 70% of this subreddit nicely. Impressive. 




 Don't forget the links in bushido 1v1 fw fights. 




 Eve is a game of risk, and this is a no risk venture.

Well put. Especially when you consider this happens *only* in nullsec 




 It's too late. We don't control the feels, they control us. 




 Me too bro, me too. 









 How mad are you at a joke strawpoll, ayyyy lmao. 




 HAHAHAHAHAHAH 




 (5:39:36 AM) Alexis DeTocqueville [BRAVE]: (11:27:22 PM) braveineve.com:
This is a friendly reminder from the only BRAVE diplo awake right now that GEEMU/FOX.HOUND are blue to BRAVE, but not to any other HERO alliance.
 
Do not get involved in battles with blues. If you aggress on blues -- including logi -- then RIP your ship.
 
##### SENT BY: Genii Cucullati (Brave Collective); TO: online.all; WHEN: 2014-08-24 04:27:27 #####

//This was sent wayyyy before anyone enagaged on the undock, and absolves anyone of any guilt. 




 *proceeds to write something about how you were le trolled and i knew the date all along* 




 So they're confirmed upvoting their own shit again, does this mean that the site gets banned again? 




 Here we go, now everybody's happy: http://imgur.com/a/ORLjh 




 He said it wasn't about the money. He's been a mobile app/game develper for the last 10 years, and he only went part time for the past year~. He said it was more about time he can give to his family and so that he can be more devoted to his work because that's his passion too. I'd wait for the youtube video tbh. 




 Shitty 5 minute photoshop: http://i.imgur.com/3JJIcJ9.png 




 Chanman basically said he want's to spend more time with his family/work. He's going to upload a video on the subject to clarify. 




 Favorite country and least favorite country? Why? 




 Cheeky bugger. 




 How much ISK did you give to CODE. for them to then just forfeit AT XII ?

Edit: 4b assuming they spotted the full entry price and they didn't go through the auction. 




 What's the fastest way to become a millionare?

Buy an aircaft company as a billionare. 




 Is that black pole above your head (http://i.imgur.com/NdKL0VY.jpg?1) a light fixture or an extension of your hairdo? 

What's the most fasicnating thing about repiles? 




 A picture with something that only you could provide that proves you were in the hospital. Of course you can edit out all identifiable material, and even send it to the mods confidential.  See : http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/wiki/index#wiki_3._what_constitutes_.22proof.22.3F 




 Ah yeah that makes sense, cheers for the explanation. 




 I thought truecrypt was only able to encrypt Windows systems? Maybe i'm missing something about Whonix? 




 Amazing. 




 *Insert monumental speech about how when you go about trying to change something you ruin what was special in the first place.* 




 He's going to post spoiler free vods eventually if you wait like a day. 




 You can buy French students in Camden? 




 An effective metaphor, to say the least. 




 Why was he shadowbanned? 




 fc can i bring my chimera? 




 any ship class? 




 Hey! (I understand btw if you don't reply to this, there's a ridiculous ammount of questions here, 99% more important than mine..) With that said, how do you stay focused? There's all these things that I want to do but I can't concentrate long enough to achieve my goal. I never developed a work ethic in my childhood and wondered if you have any tips for doing so? 




 Where are they doing the AmA? What time? Cheers 




 Did the supervisor say that they should have sent out police without you giving more information? 




 That's what I thought. 




 I don't get it. Does someone actually use vagabonds versus ishtars? 




 In other news, the Venture has been discovered as the *only* hard counter to the Ishtar. 




 Did you like it? 




 Why 16 minutes? Why not 15, or 17? Or even 16.5?  




 FUCK WE'RE DOOMED! EVERYBODY SELL YOUR TRIT BEFORE THE MARKET CRASHES! 




 How's proteus for PvE? 




 Followup question (if im not too late), how saturated is the market where you are in terms of entry level positions? 




 I just read the devlog and Garry stated how he liked creating the tool for the clothes previewing and disliked not many people using it. This lead me to thinking about something lke what Valve has to implement player made gun/clothing models. 

Possibly we could have something like that, something that goes through a strenuous review process then gets added to the game. Alternatively something that just allows for a server to install a limited ammount of extra textures, a la modding. 

At least then the tool's he creates for the devs will reach more people (don't get me wrong though, the usage of the tools is an extension of the whole modding/community created content, not the other way round).

This is still a really open ended idea, and i'd love to hear peoples thoughts on it. 




 already happened, rip me, and lol at you editing out the ship names. glad to know i'm not the only one who thinks they're shit. 




 your ship names gave me cancer 




 Talking of points, seeing that pod get away made me sad inside. 




 And the thing about this is that even if it's not illegal they're still going to get a ton of bad publicity for doing it. It's really not that hard to ask for permission. 




 Sent (not) 




  I thought she may be fucking me



 




 Cheers 




 I think my skill queue must have been doing it automatically, because I haven't been hitting apply for the past four months that i've been playing. Either that or i'm hitting it sub conciously. Any idea where to turn on that notification? I don't remember editing any options like that. 




 Is this meant to cut down on supercap scamming? 




 I haven't been clicking on apply at all! Thanks all for the info. 




 It's happened about 4 or 5 times so far, i'll have finished a train, put new skills in the queue, log out and then when I log back in it will be like I never put any skills in the queue. I must have wasted a few days at least from this. Am I doing something wrong or is it just a bug? Cheers 




 Can you even give a rough detail? Like, for example, 5 figures? 6 figures? could you buy a private jet? a bently? an island? I appriciate of course if you want to say nothing just to be safe. 




 What bullshit. The one thing i've learned from 'growing up' is that the whole clique shit and the gossiping never stops, no matter how old you are or how  well respected a company you work for. 




 What lingo they use, how they use it, etc. I've read storys about how they could impersonate someone in their company, but where do you do the research required to sound like you are? 




 Not sure why people are saying this is impossible. A possible vector of attack includes, for example, impersonating someone that got something wrong. "I sent you x, but really meant to send you y. My boss has been on my ass all day, would you mind changing it really quickly for me?". 

Most techniques like this require inside information into how they run things. What lingo do they use? How do they use it? Possibly you're an intern who dosen't know what they're doing.

 The bottom line is, impersonate someone in their chain of command, then use empathy or fear to get them to do shit for you. If you're looking for straight up SE discussion you might be better off in /r/realsocialengineering , generally people care less about morals or why you're doing something over there. 




 In my opinion, having a mind that is not riddled with prejudices and pre concieved notions, one that can take any idea by itself. Think of how a child dosen't care about if people watch when he dances because he has no concept of embarresment.  




 Would also be nice if they had a chance to jam/not work unless maintained perfectly, or something along those lines that made them just no where near as good as end game guns right now.  




 I can answer your last question, mobile internet. Don't know if OP is that smart though. 




 *shrug* 




 Are you... 64? 




 Don't forget GEEMU... they're relevant.. right? 




 This is cringeworthy. 




 What did you bet on? 




 I agree. I really should have said 'Akin to this quote is...'. 




 And to go with that, "You wouldn't want to be the first one to deviate". 




 Cheers for the info 




 "You'll make an exception." Of course you will, because if you didn't people would stop using your subreddit because the mods remove perfectly legitimate content just because it's about themselves. Rofl. 




 Could I also get a pdf, please? Cheers. 




 casting, i assume his own twitch channel. 




 You can still have thick skin and not let people make a mockery of you. It's not like she was there forced. 




 You're going to have to remind me how naive you have to be fall for an obvious bait like that. 




 I'm definately leaning towards that. The inner disney child inside me is still saying it looks good, though. 




 The bad game videos are the funniest, too. 




 I can't tell if the photo looks better or worse with the filter. Just that it looks different. 




 Two doors, each leading down a path. My mind could not choose, neither happiness or despair. So I sat, paralyzed, unable to decide - knowing full well what I was missing. 




 A penis. It was a penis. I couldn't upload it to youtube without it be blurred out to high heaven. 




 Original: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojfKYQwOh84 Oh yeah and this is OC too. 









 He looks like a cardboard cutout in that picture. 




 Make sure you light the cyno at 0 on the station to act as an instadock. Some stations also can bump the jump freighter off if the cyno is placed incorrectly. OP I suggest you ask someone you trust for this information. 




 https://www.youtube.com/user/husky https://www.youtube.com/user/HuskyStarcraft nice gameplay, unfortunate branding name! 




 Here's the kicker, you need to 'abstain' for three days every time before donating. That means no wanking or sex until after the six months. 




 I think by spam he means more so 'an influx of posts with very similar characteristics'. He's not saying they're worthless. He's not saying he doesn't enjoy them. And I would hardly call this censorship, more so organization. At the end of the day he's taking the time out of his today to help this community, if you think you can do it better perhaps you should start your own subreddit. 




 If I had to guess the MPAA got bored with their lawyers and just decided to pay the mods off. Seems like it would be the most effective way to get rid of a sub. 




