 lost in translation m8
 




 dark souls 3 confirmed
 




 More of a techno goth. I think it was movies with alternative club scenes like Blade and The Matrix when I was little that really got the interests flowing.   




 Here's some stuff i'm into. I can't afford these particular brands so I settle for minimal, toned down versions of the look, but this is the kind of aesthetic I really dig.

Aitor Throup 

http://imgur.com/nVWpVHz
http://imgur.com/tFdAgrr

Musee Noir
http://imgur.com/G6jobC4
http://imgur.com/ZGMZWtX

DEMOBAZA 
http://imgur.com/ialTYdk
 




 I don't see it. :\ 




 There's also these you can pick up from Ikea for like less than $15 if you just need a sloping elevation

http://imgur.com/wTtxEHf

 




 http://imgur.com/I0yyJpA simple but it works (same guy different account) 




 whether some parts were edited out or not, I think the parts we were shown speak loudly enough...  




 All these people who claim not to be assholes but justify another assholes behaviour.... probably assholes.
 




 I disagree and personally hope this completely ruins her career. She straight up roasted that woman, that's the kind of shit that makes depressed people go home and off themselves. If only more rampant bitches were forcibly humbled like this maybe the world wouldn't be such an intolerable place for all us "regular folk." 

Not even on my worst day ever would I resort to that kind of language and behaviour, and i'm just a nobody college student not some professional whose entire image is based on public perception. If she was really half as smart and savvy as she's convinced she is she'd have never acted that way to anyone, ever..
 




 It's okay, I didn't know you could lock on to enemies until after Anor Londo
 




 I just meant if you're planning on starting the game on the trip 9 hours won't be enough to get anywhere in-game :P 




 9 hours - hah! 
 




 lol first thing my mind went to was DS when I saw this on the front page
 




 I wanna clear this place out and use it as my HQ to take over the world
 




 You may be different but generally people don't want to sit right next to someones bare feet on a hot crowded train...
 




 probably got bedbugs from that shit.
 




 Punch her right in the pussy

na but seriously i'd tap her on the shoulder at least and ask her to move. Done it before countless times.
 




 I'm officially gay now :(
 




 lold 




 Yeah i'm sure it's a good time, I'm not hating or anything just found it a little bit funny in my head.
 




 Yeah but meeting up to play videogames makes sense because you actually have something to do. :)
 




 lol I mean I love my mechanical keyboard but a bunch of people meeting up just to talk about and take pictures of their multiple keyboards cracks me up for some reason.
 




 Macbook Pro
 




 Yeah those dragonslayer archers are admittedly hard to get past, even if you know what you're doing. Also that fucking titanite demon in the cathedral one hits me even at 46 vit and full Havel armour in NG+ lol 




 First play-through I was having trouble up until Anor Londo. Then once I got to the big ol sunny city everything just clicked and I was taking out those giants and gargoyles like nothing. Farmed the painted world for little while and got a bunch of levels, got lucky and killed S O second try, smooth sailing from there on.

Now in NG+ I'm back in Anor Londo and S O are making me their bitch. 




 UP anybody? 




 play this every time by default
 




 Izalith. Fuck that titanite demon shortcut.
 




 I agree with pretty much the same things everybody is saying here. Dark Souls 1 is a more special experience in almost every way, the only thing DS2 has on it is updated graphics. 

The design, atmosphere, lore, combat, and overall consistency of DS1 is far better. 




 The Second Renaissance. It's a part of the Animatrix compilation. Short but well worth watching. I believe it's in parts on youtube. 




 holy fuck H M got a bigass sign now
 




 Behold, the great white towers of Detroith 




 love it, kinda reminds me of old Skinny Puppy. 808's all over each track and still managed to keep it deep and dark
 









 Also read up about the legendary nightclub Berghain. It's literally a standing temple devoted to hedonism and cheap overindulgence to this day. It  began as a sex club that happened to play music and evolved from there. It is what immediately came to mind when you described the sort of place you envision.  




 Anyone who plays the mainroom at Berghain. I recommend you check out some of the Reclaim Your City podcasts on SoundCloud to see if they fit your aesthetic. It's generally dark and future-industrial but still dancey club techno. It's the stuff the real heads are listening to, straight out of places like Berlin, Tokyo, Rome, etc. Idk if that's your thing or not, but I love it and I totally feel like it fits in with the whole cyberpunk aesthetic.

https://soundcloud.com/reclaim-your-city
 




 Merely having billions of dollars is not my definition of a success. It depends what is done with it. And most people in the bracket we're discussing haven't done a thing to earn their fortunes anyways, most are born into it. (with obvious exceptions.)

I like Gates because he actually puts his money where his mouth is and donates the vast majority of his personal fortune to causes that benefit society. But this earth doesn't need more families like the Rothschild's or the Waltons, whether they admit it or not.  




 So you don't see the problem then, clearly..
 




 Nobody cares about the doctors taking home 400k for decent honest work. That's the American dream. 

It's the corrupt politicians who give their powerful friends breaks and enable the ultra-rich to get richer that people have a problem with. Sadly while being a billionaire is great, self made or not... you've gotta face the ethical qualms of having a personal fortune worth more than some countries entire GDP and still actively trying to get more.
 




 So you're not convinced there's a wealth gap at all because there's not a reliable source in the video to confirm it?

lol have you not seen rich people? have you not seen poor people?
 




 To most people it's not the doctors and lawyers that are the problem, but some of the more prominent politicians, bankers and CEOs who really make up the gross wealth gap. 

400k a year is still relative pennies to the super-rich "1%" (more like 0.0001% probably) who take home millions, in some cases billions a year. I say fuck those guys too.. nobody needs that kind of money in a lifetime.


 

  




 I thought it was Shenron not Shenlong 




 $120 on asparagus... o.O 




 +5 is the max black knight weapons go sadly :(
 




 Interesting, had no clue! TIL. Thanks haha.
 




 Exact same here but with 11th grade bio.  




 12 years old = high school where you live?
 




 wtf is 6th form? are you niggas evolving in there?
 




 oh to live in America, where you can buy beer at the 7-11 but only three years after you're able to die for your country... 




 Thanks man, I just wasn't getting close enough the first couple times haha. You really gotta get up in there with melee. Auto-lock helped a lot too, I always forget to do that lol.

As soon as I got close enough they were a piece of ez 
 




 I'm a melee knight and i'm rocking a Black Knight sword+5, which so far has been holding up great for the duration of the game (already went through Anor Londo with it). But when I go back to vs the Four Kings I virtually seem to do no damage. Do I need to use a transient curse or something? Or just find a weapon with magic damage? What do you guys recommend? I have virtually no INT..
 




 A good chunk of the world still has trouble feeding themselves.. This idealistic article fails to take into account that this technology will only be available to a relatively small percentage of wealthy people with expendable time and income, generally first world countries. Sure it's gonna be awesome for those who can afford it, but it's likely not going to stop any ideological wars in chaotic countries that don't even have adequate basics such as food, shelter, etc.
 




 Her ovaries just exploded

*scroll down.. see that jokes already been made in like 30 different ways
 




 Honestly all DJs have different styles and methods of mixing their music. Some mix straightforward, back to back with two decks. Some scratch or use creative use of effects. A hip hop turntablist is still a DJ, but the methods involved in mixing hip-hop are vastly different than say a 3,4 even 5 or 6-deck purist techno set with loads of loops and tools. 

Unfortunately, typically the bigger a producer DJ gets, the more he has to adhere to a specific sound, the one all the fans who started following him want to hear. That plus the insane logistical nightmare bigger shows have of lining up sets with lighting, fireworks, pyrotech, etc is what generally leads to more predictable "press play" type sets.

 




 If I had a dollar for every person i've heard say "DJs only press play" but couldn't tell me the first thing about what the mixer does...

Obviously there are fake/"unethical" DJs, but people act as though there's this race of magical mix-elves who pre record everything for the DJs and then they just have to go up on stage and hit play.  




 Sometimes it's better to stay underground with a dedicated and loyal following.
 




 You guys just made me sad :(
 




 Google
 




 Hoover dam ranks 57th on the list of the worlds biggest dams. Why is it the only one they predict will remain? Or is just like a "fuck everything beyond the scope of America" thing?
 




 Really cool video. Second half was almost hypnotizing.
 




 Seems like a bleak place. They need more colour!
 




 Not quite seeing the cyber... 




 How do you hook up your two external displays to that macbook with only one display port? I want an extra vertical monitor for reading but idk how to hook up a second one.  




