 Heh..  
Still waiting for my ticket. 2 weeks now, but, eh.. It takes what it takes.  
I'm just a little worried tho, as I tested on Jan 31, and as of Feb 9, I received one of the VEs renewal paper license in the mail. (?!?) I contacted him, and mailed the paper off to him, but now i'm a little bit worried my stuff got lost somewhere..  
..   




 A commonly used device (Electrocautery)  
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cauterization  
Is used by surgeons to excise tissue, and simultaneously cauterize the minor vessels feeding blood.  
It works by literally passing a high frequency, high voltage (of little amperage) causing an almost jacobs-ladder type arc.  
  
  
This can be a huge ignition source if any flammable gases or materials are present in the area.  
Weird, but true.    




 Theres also http://lcwo.net/ ("Learn CW Online" Koch method) to learn at..  
I just passed my Tech, and General last weekend (Still waiting to see it on the FCC ULS... F5, F5, F5, F5... Heh) But I'm super interested in learning code.  
FWIW, I would suggest going ahead, and testing for your ticket. Being able to transmit, and interact with fellow hams may keep your interest in learning code, and if not, well, you can still chat with people.. Win-win! 




 Well said sir.  
Treat them as QRM, and don't feed the trolls. 




 LOL.. Indeed.. I continuously learn tidbits in the comments.   
Oh, and i'm a sir..  
Well, either that or I had some kind of unfortunate accident involving my vagina, and internal explosives that I do not recall.  
 




 Uh, probably not.. We pretty much eat crap (at least in the international eye) as a business traveler, i regularly visit China, India, and Brazil.  

In India, roughly 50% of the population is vegetarian.. (Awesome, filling, satisfying meals made out of hung yogurt, or a ton of other curds can be found)  
  
  
China? Meat is pricy.. Theres a *ton* of (believe it or not) potato dishes, but also eggs, chicken, and mushrooms.  ("umami" proteins) that shade into making a meager meal feel satisfying. (they're masters at this)  




 ITO.. (Indium Tin Oxide)  
  
Transparent conductor..  

...Makes things like this possible..     

..The more you know!! :-) 




 Its amazing to me, how the latex of the balloon still slides away so quickly, even given the liquid water environment.   
.  
.  
Always loved high-speed balloon pops. Did it one year while I had my photography studio. During a local "art" crawl thing, I gave away 8X10s of anyone willing to pop a balloon in front of the camera. The shutter/strobe trigger was a fairly simple device I built, that used a piezoelectric 'speaker' as the sound input device.  Timing was established by figuring out how far away I had to place the sensor, heh.  




 Erm.. We are "Soldiers" 

Well, a well regulated militia. 

2nd amendment, and all..  




 My parrots are from Brazil originally. (Sun Conures) 

I wonder if they'd do better learning English, or Brazilian Portuguese?  




 Bereft of life, it rests in peace. 




