





























 I didn't bother to carry on a discussion with him or any of the others.   I had better things to do with my time.   I had to work my way through a whole list of people who needing banning from the internet that day.     


































 Well, my their definition, anyone to the left of Hermann Gring is an out of control communist.    




 Agreed.     




 I was able to find [this one](http://i.imgur.com/FNkGCM6.png), which is a bit tame.    I think when the admins shadow ban people, their messages often get removed.   Or maybe it's the report button that does that.  If you report a submission in a subreddit, it auto-hides.  So, the same may happen with PMs, but PMs don't appear in your [hidden items](/u//me/hidden/).   

But if you were an average user and got a hate-PM like out of the blue, one might panic a little.  
 




 2+2 obviously isn't four.  It's a potato.  Only evil anti-Nazis think otherwise.   




 I'm sure /u/ani625 is correct about people trying to dox the spam-submitter.   So, that would be why they were going through there history and deleting old comments and submissions.  

There is like a big formal letter write up that is being PM'ed to people who the conspiracy lunatics don't like.    It gives you like 72 hours to admit you are wrong everything, and then delete or kill yourself, or they will come after you, your family,  your employer, your next store neighbor, your siblings, and the clerk at your local mini-mart.   It's stupid but looks like a terrorist threat.  

I've reported these idiots to the admins several times.   And they admins shadow ban them.   But if somebody just did a simple spam-report and then got that write up, especially if they do not have any experience with these lunatics, it might scare them.    So, deleting their user history could make sense to them. 

Myself, I just don't scare easily.   Not after years of sparing with these idiots.    









 Those people are very....    insane.  




 I'm steeling this write up from a great gentleman named /u/creesch.  

[Relevant xkcd](http://xkcd.com/1357/)

*I can't remember where I heard this, but someone once said that defending a position by citing free speech is sort of the ultimate concession; you're saying that the most compelling thing you can say for your position is that it's not literally illegal to express.*

---

Freedom of speech is a legal concept and a natural right of man that allows you to be free from persecution for espousing certain view points. 

The thing is though that freedom of speech and expression are not a absolutes. Even in the US there are laws that technically limit freedom of speech and expression:  Slander, libel, copyright, hate crimes, sedition and treachery for example.  

Then there are also other more basic rights that come before freedom of speech and expression and thereby limit them: the right to privacy, the right to have safety from violence, the right to fair trial. 

But that is all besides the point, reddit is a private company, so we venture into another area that a lot of people seem to misunderstand. On reddit free speech is often warped in this concept of "right to be listened to". While in reality the only thing it stand for is allowing you to be free from persecution for expressing certain viewpoints.

It does however not oblige other people to provide a platform for that speech. That is why schools can have and enforce rules against, for example, hate speech. So a school can discipline a student for distributing racial material but that same student can't be arrested by the government for distributing that same material. 


















































































































 I'm on Firefox.  Is there a reason mine already claims it's running version 3.1.1?     It says it was last updated on May 15th.   






















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































