 Rifle was easy. got marksman. I almost failed for not being able to throw the practice grenade far enough though 




 This was 5 years ago  




 this was before AIT :) 




 Whatever the number that moves fast enough to be random is. I thought it was a milisecond 




 If you knew what my MOS was you'd take that back. I'm. not going to reveal it but its a great fit  




 Never said I was good at it but yes quite a few were interested.  




 Read my other comments for examples.  




 Because I suck at shoehorning snippets of my life story into memes 




 Read my other post for examples. I'll try to dig my notebook out tomorrow  




 I had plenty of other fuck ups. I almost didn't graduate Cuz I couldn't throw the practice grenade far enough. Some brave soul let me do a real one anyway and I did just fine.

I overthought everything and was the drill sgts special case Because I always misinterpreted their instructions or struggled with simple tasks like tying my strings up the way they wanted. I was somewhat of a joke for a while but I ended up doing pretty well and passed my MOS school with flying colors 




 I think they just didn't give a shit. Our company was kind of a mess we didn't even do the final ruck March we were supposed to do it kept getting postponed 




 It was super informal. I'll see if I can find my notebook tomorrow  




 I've been trying to answer this question for a while now and it depresses me greatly that I don't know what my true "useful" calling is 




 That's enough Reddit for today ISIS 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/2x6la8/tifu_by_using_a_ouija_board_in_tombstone_az_will/

 




 I work a civilian job and pay a shit ton of taxes myself 




 We had our share of marry fuck kill and throw rocks at occupied Porta potty Pinball as well 




 They keep telling me to put in my e5 packet as I've done wlc and all that other jazz but I'm too busy with my civilian job.

Eventually though 




 Can they have books in prison?

Prison gang warfare would be reduced to pen and paper PVP matches.

Maybe I can get some government funding for reducing prison violence and teaching inmates math and leadership  skills.

Fuck if nothing else this sounds like a really fun volunteer idea even if I got no money out of it. 

You could mail the inmates new "content" patches via letters 




 Yes in an obscure comment once. I removed it so I could post it again later as it got buried. 




 The schedule was packed on paper..... not so in reality. Drill is like this too 




 Dice = contraband. If i wanted to get in trouble I'd just have it mailed in  




 Just re upped for 6 more years. Been in since 09. I'm reserves though  




