 Takes 3 zephyr hits to kill from full health w/o flak armor... So, you must be counting wrong  




 No! Everyone is perfectly fine with Nerfing weapons that aren't op, simply because a user, or several, have learned to use the weapon to its full potential.

Nerf the velocity of the rockets, and/or significantly decrease the damage. This weapon was here for the noobs, it should be a way for them to slightly increase their dps since their aim with nose gun will be bad.

- reduce cost to 250 certs 
- reduce damage significantly
- reduce velocity slightly 




 Try using a headset, they are louder then gals 




 I'd call hax, but ur in BLNG. That lib gameplay was beautiful. 




 Makes sense... Cause humans are animals 




 Server is up, you will have IP on Sunday when I'm back, and I can talk to you and explain some things. 




 I'm on vacation this week, but if you are interested, I am looking for some staff for a modern city rp server 




 I wonder when infantry side will realize that vehicles aren't op, you need to get good before they are effective. 




 Age? Experience?  




 What....a...fucking...idiot 




 Well, ever since that one terrorist event thy happened at those towers; I think a plane hit them or something. I'm sure you will know what I'm talking about, I can't seem to remember the date. Anyways, after the whole plane crash, security has become an upmost priority in the US 




 Last time I read this story, she disrupted class by shouting bless you.

Unless this information is wrong, this is why she got suspended. 




 Team viewer should work... Crappy fps though 




 The problem with g2a lockons is when you dive from flight ceiling after spotting a g2a enemy ESF. You engage in combat with that ESF, however, you have no friendly AA, and a HA locks onto you. Losing 1/3 of your health in mere seconds while in a dogfight is ridiculous. Unless you have great aim, and can quickly take out your target, and are dead.

There are situational exceptions, such as a valley to hide behind on Indar. And whatever else have you, but on continents like esamir, you are screwed. The chances of successfully running away from an ESF are slim.

It would be nice to have a "fix all." As everything has little versatility. In a place where there is an enemy ESF farming your faction, and it is a small fight an no one or one person is countering the ESF, it would be nice for aa lockons to do a bit more damage. 

 




 You obviously had some trouble thinking this through on a logical level. I understand if you hate logic, but we have to use it.

If the vehicle is at a stop, the repair rates are the same as getting out and repairing. The vehicle will still lose health, it will just save time getting in and out.

I truly hope your comment was a work of sarcasm, and not sheer stupidity. 









 If they remove termals, then they should remove any form of g2a, as it will be OP 




 Trucking was much better 1-2 decades ago. Gas prices have risen a lot, which has a huge impact on profit. 




 Darwin's theory of survival of the fitted has just been tested once more.

Feel sorry for the sister... 




 I wish this was my car... No cop would want to search my car; they would be too terrified that I would start preaching. 




 I don't follow... What has too little information? Wh-- I don't see your argument for this change... 




 Within last 2 months. I took a break from ESF s, and came back to libs. I noticed the change when vetting my vanguard  




 The base designs are the problem! Vehicles should be hard to kill, and you should be rewarded when you pull one, because they cost time, and resources. 




 I used then like a month ago and they were 350 




 Thermal optics were great for finding enemy vehicles on Hossin. At 350m, I though the range was short, but I deemed it a tradeoff, and accepted it. 

At this point however, at 180m, thermal optics are practically useless. Why don't you just fly low and find vehicles that way? Because I don't like AP rounds up my ass, thats why.... 

Why does the community feel like pushing SOE to nerf things that are in a good state?  




 Scrin had a valid point. Why should an invisible player be able to do damage to a vehicle? Make Max vehicle render range 300 then, or make infantry render at current vehicle render range... 




 I don't get why people bitch about stuff killing them... Maybe it is because I have 1000+hrs of Dayz?

If you get killed somewhere, more than once, by an HE tank, don't go there?? Get a vehicle and kill them??

Why is it that you have to shout "nerf" whenever you die? 




 Call out their position in region chat for other pilots.... 




 As long as they aren't over Ukraine, there isn't any serious danger... 




 Or... Destroy their nukes ;) 




 Why are these 'rebels' so dumb. Why would a Ukrainian military transport be flying 6 miles in the air, into Russia? Are the Ukrainians invading Moscow to take Russia now?

Fucking common sense  




 But there is a risk. When you have an ai weapon, you are going to get wrecked if you get attAcked by any ESF, or a tank. 




 Uhhhh... Lib OP! PLZ nerf higby!!!!
/s 

That aim was beautiful! 




 It's basically certain-death... 




 I have a better one: 5 reavers with tomcats..... 




 Clearly this is the result of piracy! 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdFmyQkYOxs

There we go haha. I was on my phone, so must've somehow copied the wrong link. 




