 since when was a dickbutt a waste of time? 




 OP cant tell me what to ignore! 




 I'm also transferring to the master race. this guide helped me so much thanks! (also have some gold) 




 I work in the middle of the Australian desert for most of the year, it's between 30-50 degrees (Celsius) every day. only been to the snow once and it was amazing! would move to somewhere it snowed if I could 




 had my bank account hacked somehow... lost all my funds, don't get paid for another fortnight, have a mortgage to pay and bank will take a month to get my money back... 2015 can suck a dick 




 I would eat that :) hope it tasted nice 




 nightshift at work (currently am there) 




 /r/dadjokes needs you! 




 thanks. sorry to hear that you were bullied badly for it 




 "don't worry I wont show anyone" 




 as a child I was always on the bigger side (it never really bothered me) my nickname in school was "fatty" (legit) still it never bothered me. after I left school I never really stepped on scales to weigh myself un till I turned 20, I had no girlfriend and struggled to get girls when I went out with friend. I weighed myself and was 115kg (I'm Australian) after that moment I told myself I would lose it and get fit. its been 3 years now I'm down to 80KG and have had a lovely SO for the last 2 years. 




 so they could make shows like CSI? 




 masturbate... also poop, I find it weird around other people 




 has your wife stopped crying? 




 [hope this works](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2r9edq/blind_people_of_reddit_what_are_your_dreams_like/cndxjt3?context=3) 




 I've gilded a couple of people, last person I gilded was an apparent blind person answering a question about what their dreams were like. it made me kind of sad reading about it, but also was interesting to find out 




 hover boards sometime this year 




 T-shirts with tiny pockets on the front... like serious what fits in those pockets? 




 for the greater glory of our capitalist overlords! 




 so that's where ice cube has been hiding! 




 it will end up like those damn flying monkey's from the wizard of OZ if it doesn't be careful  




 make love to Katrina! raise funds for Kony! 




 pretty good. thanks for asking 




 those legs though... 




 you remind me of Daniel Larusso from the original karate kid movies  




 I second that. nothing against it but just don't find her that attractive 




 put some uranium in there and you'll be on the front page in no time  




 I gave you a +1 but I wouldn't call that fat. just more cuddly 




 your the one in the middle right? 




