 Hammond was the smallest living organism for miles ... 




 At last,  a proper microsoft office 




 When he drove the Zonda R, he was shifting through the gears and saying "go, go, go" 




 Does he have the chainsaw ? I am the god of hellfire ! Oh lord 




 Nice to hear that, sure the 13'' will be lighter and smaller but the screen is too small to me ..  




 I don't have brakes, that's how I stop :D What's the biggest advantage of a Range Rover ? You two stand back, watch and learn 




 It is, a 4s with iOS7 and iOS9 seems like two different phones .. iOS7 was almost unusable 




 the new macbook will have a new design, with thunderbolt 3. I'd like to buy one of those instead of the current ones, but waiting until march it's wayyy to much 




  they made camp in the middle of the road ahah 




 thats the only car you can eat a banana while doing a drag race "ahah they weren't expecting me to do that, cmon Bentley cmon we have the advantage" 




 Bolivia: "we should be averaging 100 miles a day, and so far we've done, well, I've done about 20 feet but we have found peanuts" 




 It really is. I can achieve 300 in 10sec in need for speed and it feels like it's impossible in real life 




 March 2016 ? I believe we'll see Skylake windows machines still this year maybe October November. I'd like to see an update for both 13" and 15" MBP. Maybe January/February 




 I like the fact Apple works to keep these devices up to date and working flawlessly and smooth  




 The 2011 was rubbish, even compared to Office 2010 for windows  




 Thanks for correcting me, in that case you don't need to update. When the new beta comes out update to the public if you want to 




 Source of the Nile definitely. Clarkson explains how "speed and power" solves everything 




 magic behind the wheel and max revs 




 selling animals? they're not their property  




 I believe they're the same build, in that case, you don't need to switch. If you're not a dev when a new beta comes out you won't be able to update OTA. I don't know how it works in public betas. 




 the only difference is the box that it comes in. New laptop, warranty, it's a great buy 




 It is ? Do you carry it everyday ? I'm thinking about one but to carry it everyday it might be uncomfortable...  




 you can use Wine but it's a battery killer and heats the laptop a lot.. Don't use it for heavier apps. You can give it a try but you should also try VMware/parallels
 




 you can update it to test, you can downgrade if you feel it's buggy or what not 




 short answer: no
reason: 8.3 is no longer signed by Apple
if you want to update your device it must be to 8.4 




 I was thinking about buying one but they say "don't try this at home" so I wouldn't be able to test it ... So, I'm not going to buy it then 




 because the usb is type C 




 I think with skylake we will see a new design... Apple loves thunderbolt and the new thunderbolt uses USB-C .. We shall see 




 You have to restore, I had a simile issue 




 I think the Iris Pro is powerful enough if you don't want to game or weavy veideo/photo editing 




 have you restored or updated to 8.4 ? 




 It happens with every Apple product ... just a shame .. $1999 in the US, in Europe it's 1999, just ridiculous 




 yeah, they wanted to buy a fiat 500 and it was 500 million 




 just tell me how can someone dislike that video, it's brilliant ! 




 In the latest I don't know. I tried with 1.1.18 




 8.4 is the last version, all the tweaks will be updated (hopefully) to 8.4. It brings a new music app. If you want to update you'll have to backup your device and then restore it 




 i think it's the best you can do 




 without losing jailbreak it's impossible. It's not recommended to to an OTA update. After you have 8.4 you'll need a computer to jailbreak 




 you can transfer the music form your iPad to your mom's iTunes, make a backup there, restore, jb and restore from the backup 




 I restored from backup after jailbreaking and cydia was empty 




 keep your umbrella opened, it'll never rain again 




 I solved that issue by using a different USB port 




 you can restore from backup, then sync with iTunes. All apps will be where they were before you restored 




 it has to work, make sure you backup and restore from backup after jailbreak
 




 I guess restore 




 the repos and tweaks are not saved in the iTunes backup 




 And sometimes he definitely is  




 similar to iOS 9 i guess not, but you can install the beta, surely you'll lose the jb 




 how do you know you're avoiding it ? 




 agar.io uses a lot of cpu 




