




 You must be a hit with the ladies. 




 They're still just [r/onetruegod](http://www.reddit.com/r/onetruegod) 




 [Lose Yourself.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmXumtgwtak) 




 They can't be that paranoid.

..


..*can they?* 









 He never said that.. 




 I SWEAR, UK. IF YOU SAY A GODDAMN WORD ABOUT IT I WON'T TALK TO YOU EVER AGAIN. 




 What about [There Will Be Blood](http://static.rogerebert.com/uploads/movie/movie_poster/there-will-be-blood-2008/large_gULACAZnPnyauix3mgMKG63UkXt.jpg) and [No Country for Old Men](https://www.oscars.org/awards/academyawards/legacy/images/info/80/2008_01_picture_nocountry_big.jpg)? 




 For anyone that's interested, this is the full track that plays when Simba meets Rafiki and [has one last talk with Mufasa as father and son.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RE_1NGhMwHQ) It comes from an unreleased extended version of the Lion King soundtrack. 




 A few people have brought up the notion that the score heard in the trailer doesn't seem as memorable or as melodic to them as the original Superman theme by John Williams. There was widespread praise, but every good work is subject to critique.

Sorry, I worded my thoughts wrong on the title by saying "complaining". For the record, I can't stop replaying that trailer. It's incredible just for the music. 




 You're right. I think I worded it wrong in the title. I meant to refer to the notion that his music has more recently become music that we typically can't find ourselves "humming" along with. At most times, especially with The Dark Knight, his music ends up being a perfect complement to the film, even changing the way the industry works at times (see the overuse of *brrraahhh* in movie trailers today, or the emulations of the anxiety and suspense inducing cello string for the Joker's theme); but looking back at it in a musical perspective, it ends up being almost forgettable to someone who wouldn't remember the context of the movie.

I never fail to get a chill down my spine when I listen to "Rise" from the TDKR soundtrack, but it's because I remember that ending scene, and what emotions that moment gave me as a viewer. It's different from when I hear the theme to "Jurassic Park". It's a melody that invokes beauty on its own to such a large audience without having to know any context at all. 

I always get frustrated that I can't find a good way to play the theme to The Dark Knight on a piano. Most of the time nobody would be able to recognize it when I play at a bar; but I've had a number of people asking me what I just played when I play the Jurassic Park theme, and tell me it sounded beautiful.

This is just my thoughts from what I've experienced as a musician and filmmaker. I don't mean to state any of it as fact. I put a link to The Lion King up because it invokes that same feeling I get from a John Williams track. People fall in love with the melody of The Lion King, or even "Time" by Zimmer, without necessarily having to remember or know the movie. I wanted to remind people how capable of that he still is.  




 [This set image of him as Electro was also released a few weeks ago.](http://i.imgur.com/AGDJXzQ.jpg)
 









 The Social Network won best soundtrack that year. 




 Sounds so soulful, don't you agree? 




 I see it as the story being told from a different perspective, or through a different lens, when told by Galadriel at the beginning of Fellowship. There's a certian theatricality in the way Sauron was forging the ring and fighting the Last Alliance that made it seem like the story was told in a perceptive way. 


The difference in the way Bilbo found the ring in The Hobbit: AUJ can simply be argued as how it looked from Bilbo's perspective. He was telling the story from the beginning, after all. 


In a way, it lets the audience decide what was actuality and what was perspective. It's like we're allowed to imagine things out in the movie universe as if it's still a book. That's refreshing to me. 




 Thanks for doing this. A lot of people are bringing up the the negative points in your career, but I wouldn't worry too much about the people that are just trying to get a reaction out of you.

That being said, I'm an aspiring writer/director, and I wanted to ask about the beef you've had with with people in the industry. How does it affect how you work? How has it affected the direction of your career? Is that sort of publicity something that becomes significant in how it affects you based on what your career's been through? 




 She'll wait a couple months and she gon see 




 How you see the film in 2013 is how it looked right down to the bone when it was shot. The increased contrast and saturation was a common thing used in films, and it worked and looked good for the medium.


When they have to digitally convert the entire movie for IMAX and 3D screens, it becomes problematic for two reasons. One is that when blowing the images up, the adjustment in saturation and contrast will result in a grainier look not fit for bigger screens. The other is that the grading of the original wouldn't convert well into 3D at all. Think of the 2013 version as the clearest, normal image they could work with. It's an emulation of how films shot digitally look today.


The color grading is also starting to be used by different directors in this style if they want to make the film look old for their narrative. Ben Affleck does it with Argo by blowing up the picture to make it grainier, along with shooting it in film to give it that exact lush color grading. 




 That statement itself is an absolute. 




 You were just so excited to show us your comment that you couldn't wait past 6 minutes to screenshot it. 




 You guys are the bane of my existence. 




 DFW here as well. The speed is consistently good the closer I am to the city. However, it starts to teether between EDGE and 3G by the time I get around Richardson or Plano. 




 Have Echoes, Silence, Patience   Grace. I'm checking out the other. 




 ...aand I fucked up on the spelling there. Forgive me.  









 I would have been euphoric myself in that moment. 




 txt me 




 The reason they called themselves Lincoln Park in the first place was because they wanted to make sure people don't associate their name with a certain type of music that they play. That the names a name, and they progress how they feel with their music. It's because the domain name for a website was too expensive for them that they changed the spelling to Linkin Park. 




 In their defense, the song 'Iridescent' was completely fucked over after they remixed it for the movie. It ruins the buildup of an otherwise good song with decent lyrics with the same shitty pop beat layered over the entire thing. [Here's](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpt7RJUGpdE) the actual song if anyone wants to try it out.  




 Mike is the most versatile member, a co-producer of their past three records, and the member who contributes most to the music industry through different business partnerships, but that shouldn't detract him from the rest of the band when it comes to Linkin Park's music itself.


Mike Shinoda had the opportunity to graduate with a college degree, but Chester grew up witnessing a few of his friends die and knowing a few that committed suicide. He had a time when he was addicted to crystal meth shortly before the band found him by luck through a newspaper ad and hired him. He never really ended up venturing beyond that when the band kicked off.


Even then, he's come a long way. He's always the most well spoken person in any interview the band is given. 




 Put it on top and make sure you have Sarif on.  




 I'll be updating you as soon as it's ready.  




 It comes with Sarif! The lock screen alone is worth it.  




 Sorry about that. The link's up now. I'm going to work on one for the 4 and 4S too, so hopefully I'll have it up by tonight. It's 12 PM here right now. Thanks for the patience! I'll update you as soon as I'm done.  




 Oh, damn! I'm sorry man. I was up studying at around 3 AM when I wrote that, so I was a bit delirious. Anyway, I edited the link in now so it should work. Hope you like it! 




 Update: I just got the okay from [Cody Gordon](http://reddit.com/user/WhiteBaron) to go ahead and upload the mod. Here's the package specifically edited generously by him so it's as convenient to install as possible. He told me to let everyone know that they will have to move the lockscreen wallpaper (bg_ip5.png) into Sarif.theme if they want to use it. The mod is also designed only for the iPhone 5.


https://www.dropbox.com/s/whkgyym4uwct9ly/Sarif%20Black.theme.zip


I'll try making one for the iPhone 4 if you guys ask. Hope you all like it.

EDIT: Just wanted to give a shoutout to the developer of Sarif. He's been looking over what I sent him to make sure it's done right so you guys don't have any problems. The guy's awesome. I strongly recommend you buy the theme and support him, even if you don't want the mod I worked on. It's a sick look on the phone, and something anyone can really appreciate.  




 Good stuff, man. I like the wallpaper. 




 I'm sent a message to the original developer for permission before I send the mod out. I'll have it posted as soon as I get the okay! 




 Will do. Just a heads up, I didn't mean icons from outside sources. I was referring to the icons that come with the Sarif package itself, the ones you have to buy. The custom wallpaper and keypad is the only thing I'm giving out.  I altered the theme so that you have to separately buy Sarif in order for it to work. I'll check with him first, though. Thanks for the information!

Edit: He got back to me letting me know it's fine. Thanks for helping me with contacting him again! 




 Let me get to you in about an hour when I get out of class. I'll edit into this comment with a link to the theme and hopefully be able to help out with the icon packs. 




 The icons are provided by the creator of the original theme. You can go to the website [here](http://codylg.com/work/iphone/sarif/) and find information on how to get them. They come in packages and get updated pretty often. 




 I'm really picky on themes, but [Sarif](http://codylg.com/work/iphone/sarif/) was an instant buy for me because of how thorough, professional, and simple it is. I did want it to fit my "all-black-everything" taste, though, so I designed a makeover that essentially replaces the brown wooden look of the theme with a black wooden look instead. It fits in perfectly with the Black UI mod that Sarif comes with.



If you guys like it, I can put up a link for the theme package itself for those who ask. You will need to download Sarif for it to work, but it's completely worth the $2.00 and I highly recommend it. 









 I didn't think he could pull it off, but I didn't notice Samuel L. Jackson as Samuel L. Jackson at all in Django Unchained. I absolutely hated the man he was playing on screen. Every time he was on screen, I just wanted to beat the shit out of him. And then I realized that this actor is still amazing at what he does: suspending my belief. 




 The first time I ever saw him in a movie was when I watched The Lost World: Jurassic Park as a kid. Naturally, now I only see him as that guy from Jurassic Park everytime I see him in a romantic comedy. 

Also, I can't take The Lost World seriously anymore everytime he shows up in it now. 




 You... have an iPhone 5... 




 I'm having trouble downloading and opening the shared.artwork filr in Safari or Dropbox. Can someone help me out with this?  




 Looking through this thread, I'm seeing that many people don't really know the full story that made Trent Reznor do this, so I'll try filling it in.


The reason Trent found it wrong was because while he was touring with Nine Inch Nails in Australia, he came across a record store that had his album for over $30, while there was an Avril Lavigne from the same respective label being sold for $21.99.


When he called Universal asking him why there's a price difference between the two, their response was, "It's because we know you have a real core audience that will pay whatever it costs when you put something out -- you know, true fans. It's the pop stuff we have to discount to get people to buy."


This is what made Trent do what he did at that concert. He's not another guy saying "Fuck you, establishment!", but he is challenging his label executives on the morality of their business. 




 It's not about the currency exchange difference. Looking through this thread, I'm seeing that many people don't really know the full story that made Trent Reznor do this, so I'll try filling it in.

The reason Trent found it wrong was because while he was touring with Nine Inch Nails in Australia, he came across a record store that had his album for over $30, while there was an Avril Lavigne from the same respective label being sold for $21.99. 


When he called Universal asking him why there's a price difference between the two, their response was, "It's because we know you have a real core audience that will pay whatever it costs when you put something out -- you know, true fans. It's the pop stuff we have to discount to get people to buy."


This is what made Trent do what he did at that concert. 




 I hope Mike Shinoda comes back to work on the score for this film as well. 




 The Dark Knight Returns. A good rendition of Frank Miller's novel would be incredibly engaging. It'd be good to see that, keeping in mind that it's geared toward an older audience. Batman has become something that people of all ages have come to love. This would be a good one for the more mature population.

I'm always late to these posts. Damn. 




 I loved it. If you think of The Lion King as a Disney's retelling of Hamlet, like others have pointed out before, then thinking of Simba's Pride as their retelling of Romeo and Juliet is a cool way of appreciating the storylines and themes of the two movies. 




 *Karm- 

Oh. 




 You must be great at parties. 




 3:10 to Yuma (2007). I usually tend to get dulled out by westerns, but this one was highly enjoyable. 




