 ...but should not be mandatory.

Yes it should me mandatory.  Why wouldn't it be mandatory?  It is relevant information for a potential partner.

While some may say it is irrelevant, and if the person otherwise likes them, why tell?

I submit it is relevant because it is not for one person to decide what should or should not be important to the other person.  

Yeah, I wish people were more chill about it all but in the end it has to be for them to decide.


 




 That is outstanding voter turnout!

Sure 100% (or near enough) participation would be ideal but compared to most democracies (real ones, not the 100% turnout in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea) that turnout seems really good.

It blows the doors off of US voter turnout.

 




 Flash is pretty OP.  He needs to be nerfed.

(Note:  It has been a long time since I read the comics so maybe he got one...at one point Flash seemed pretty much an "I win" button.)
 




 Isn't that true of pretty much every superhero (good or bad) versus Batman?

Batman's gig is being prepared for any (or most) contingencies.  He will outsmart the other guy.  That is not to say Batman is actually smarter (although in many cases he is) but rather he is good at luring his opponents into the situation he wants them in.

Where other superheroes overpower people Batman tricks or outsmarts them.

It's kinda like saying you have a howitzer and I have a pistol.  You would have the bigger gun but that is not necessarily a win button.
 




 This vote had 84% (or better) participation.

I am curious how much participation there is in other, more general (or common/usual) votes from Scotland.

I am really asking.  If there is one thing we see in the US regarding having a shitty government it is horridly low turnout rates in elections.  There is a reason conservatives work relentlessly to disenfranchise certain voting blocks every chance they get (in the US).

If the US had 84% turnout rates for every election our congressional makeup would be dramatically different.  Would the same be true in the UK?  (Again, really asking.) 




 Relevant: http://i.imgur.com/ky2L05E.jpg
 




 To be fair prior to TDK there was no good reason to suppose that Heath Ledger would make a good Joker.  He had some great roles (notably in Brokeback Mountain) but as the Joker?  I was not seeing it at all.  While I was not posting about it I did not have high hopes either.

Ledger blew me away with his performance.  It was truly outstanding IMO and I was more than pleasantly surprised.
 




 See: [The Agamemnon Contingency](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJ2IpJyapG8)

In short Batman has plans in place to defeat every member of the Justice League. 




  But if a girl falsely claims rape or goes after for bullshit child support like this, there's not much defense for many men.

I may be wrong but I think it is not the woman going for child support but rather the state.  The woman has sought public assistance.  The state, in an effort to lower the costs of such assistance has taken to tracking down the fathers of these children and forcing them to pay.  This case is clearly an injustice but I think the state welfare agency is blind to circumstances.  It wants its money back, it identifies the father and that is the end of it to them.
 




  I've never met a straw feminist.

[Catherine MacKinnon](http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Catharine_MacKinnon) and [Andrea Dworkin](http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/authors/a/andrea_dworkin.html) leap to mind.  While you may have not met them they are feminists with a national (or even international) stage, have published numerous well selling books and regularly give speeches to large groups.

EDIT to add:  I provide examples of nationally known famous feminists (not fringe by a long shot) of the type the poster says he/she has never met and I get downvoted?  If he/she wants to say "they hardly represent feminism" then who does by their reckoning?  Certainly there is a continuum and no one person can be said to represent the larger group.  The reality is MacKinnon and Dworkin are/were at the forefront of these issues and certainly sold a helluva lot of books to someone as well as drawing large groups to hear them speak.  They are not "fringe".
 




 I've never, ever met a feminist who wasn't totally pleasant, rational, or who lies about being threatened with rape or anything like that.

I do not think they are lying.

I do wonder though how real these threats are.  Anyone who has played online or engaged in a comments section of countless websites (YouTube in particular) has probably had vile things said to them and been threatened.

It is despicable to be sure but it is also common and usual and done regardless if you are a female or a male.

If these women are seriously worried about these threats then they need to be on the phone to the local police and perhaps the FBI to report these incidents and perhaps get police protection.  They should see to it that the police zealously pursue the people in question.  It really should not be too hard for the police to track these people down.  [Issuing threats is a crime](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Criminal_threatening).
 









 The main benefit usually comes in the form of more content.  Mass Effect 3 had a main character added as part of a pre-order bonus.  While I find the practice reprehensible I had become so invested in MA that I kinda felt obliged.  Sucks but there it is (I feel dirty).

 




 I was of the opinion that pre-ordering was a dumb idea but I admit I caved on occasion (with Mass Effect 3 and Rome II in particular).  There were some others as well and I got burned a few times but Rome II was the last straw for me.  I have not pre-ordered since.

That said I might fall of the wagon and pre-order again sometime in the future (never say never) and I figure if any game will get me to do it Witcher 3 will be the one.  I trust they are in it to please their base and care about their rep.

For the most part I am off pre-ordering though and it was Rome II that cinched it for me.  I can say with reasonable certainty I will never pre-order another Total War game ever again.
 




 Beats headphones are not exactly *bad* headphones but they are very bass heavy and very overpriced for what you are getting.  In the same price range you can find much better options or get something as good for less).

- http://www.innerfidelity.com/content/monster-beats-dr-dre-solo
- http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=uj0S2rgmu-M#t=294
- http://www.consumerreports.org/cro/news/2013/05/are-beats-by-dr-dre-headphones-worth-the-money/index.htm 




  Do you mean 60% margins? Because 60% market share would be enormous in the "premium" headphone industry.

Nope...it is almost 60% market share:

The numbers are astonishing. According to a recent piece in the Wall Street Journal, Beats revenues increased fivefold between 2010 and 2012 alone, hitting the $1 billion mark. As of this summer, some 59 percent of high-end headphones sold in the U.S. bear the Beats logo. All this despite the fact that the audiophile press has often viewed Beats as underwhelmingor worseand overpriced. [SOURCE](http://www.slate.com/articles/technology/technology/2013/09/beats_by_dre_market_share_how_the_headphones_company_conquered_the_market.html)

What I did not realize till reading that article is that Beats is also affiliated with Monster...the company that sells outrageously overpriced cables hyped to provide all sorts of benefits when in reality they are no better than cables at small fractions of their cost.  Now Beats makes sense as more of the same.  Over priced hype that does not deliver compared to other options in the same price range.

Every time I see someone on the train wearing Beats I want to point and laugh.

EDIT to add: This recent video by Marques Brownlee, [The Truth About Beats by Dre!,](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZsxQxS0AdBY list=UUBJycsmduvYEL83R_U4JriQ) claims Beats has 64% of the market.  
 




 As too often happens the choice is not to vote "for" someone but to vote against someone.  You may not like Clinton but would you really rather pull the lever for (say) a Romney/Palin ticket?

 









 [Red Lobster standing by](http://wac.450f.edgecastcdn.net/80450F/comicsalliance.com/files/2011/01/dogfort.jpg)
 




 I wish I was happy.  Truly happy.

Now you might say, "*POOF* You are in a box but at least you are happy!"

Well, sounds ok to me.  I mean if I am really and truly happy in that box then why not? 




 Not just because it isn't a priority, but also because there's no way to get the majority of the house and the senate and the states to agree on something this controversial 

Maybe or maybe not.  More than a few conservatives have been primaried out of their seats by Tea Party faithful with the backing of serious outside money.  Enough to scare the ones who are left.

Being an incumbent is a huge advantage but one that is seriously minimized with no limit to outside money.  Congresscritters would rather get back to the good old days of safe seats.

As for the states I have seen nothing to suggest the public is anything but pissed at Citizen's United.
 




 You are prosecuted by the state.  It only matters what his wife wants inasmuch as they may not be able to build a case without her.  But if there are witnesses (or in this case video footage) of a crime being committed then they do not need the victim to cooperate and the victim saying they do not want to press charges does not make the crime go away.

 




 Pretty much this and what /u/forresja said.

You could be in an all woman office and show nude breasts and someone might get fussed about it.  Whether that is right or wrong is another discussion.

The NSFW tag is there to let people know something on the other end *might* be considered offensive by some and could be problematic if viewed at work and someone else sees the screen.

I am making no value judgement on it.  Personally I think the link is barely NSFW and far from porn or being titillating.  Others might have a different opinion though hence the warning.
 




 We do not and cannot know, with certainty, that free will exists.  We operate on the assumption it does.  If it didn't we'd have the question the OP poses.  Why throw someone in jail if they have no choice in what they are doing?  It'd be akin to punishing a glass for breaking when it is dropped.  It would be silly. 




  Adding a deterrent is like pulling the lever that switches the tracks. The trains actions are still deterministic, but that doesn't preclude responding to inputs. 

That still is not free will.

If you show me the color green and I walk and show me the color red and I stop I am responding to inputs but I do not have free will.

If the train (in your example) can make a decision of its own accord as to whether the switch ahead gets flipped or not then the train could be said to have free will.  If that is the case though then the OP's question does not make sense. 




 I'm not completely sold on my own opinion though, so that's why I would like to see other thoughts about this.

In most of the US going topless is [already legal for women](http://gotopless.org/topless-laws).  

Here are a bunch of pictures of [women in New York celebrating their right to go topless](http://www.ryot.org/photos-its-legal-to-go-topless-in-nyc-and-these-women-are-celebrating-it/570053) (NSFW).

In Europe there is even less of a stigma for going topless and they are pretty chilled out about it most places.
 




 I am adopted and the way it used to work was when the woman decided on putting her child up for adoption she'd contact an agency and all the medical bills would be taken care of.  The agency of course would get to put the child up for adoption.

Maybe things have changed but seems like a good way to go about it.
 




 Re-directed walking blew my mind.  I used to wonder how people could use the holodeck without bumping into walls.  Now I know.  Clever stuff!
 




 I wasn't wired like that but my parents made it abundantly clear what behavior was a expected of me. Of course I pushed the limits of that and I think it took two trips outside the restaurant (separate occasions ) for a serious chewing out to learn they were very serious. 

To this day I hate it when people order coffee after dinner. I'll still sit and wait politely though.  




 For those not aware (although is there anyone who hasn't seen it over the age of eight?): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQg7QKDButo

 









 It is not that nobody expects him to work after he is out of office.

It is the revolving door that congresscritters get from business.  Do their bidding and whatever happens they'll be sure to get a soft landing.

Exactly what expertise does Cantor being to an investment banking firm?  Before he was in congress he did legal work on real estate and not much of that.  He has been a politician for over 20 years.

So why is he worth $3.5 million with that resume? 




 Was she or had she ever been a public servant before then?  Did she sell her vote? 









  The writer loses a lot of credibility by calling the accommodation plan a scheme.

I agree it is not a well done headline.

That said "scheme" does not have to mean underhanded.  It can simply mean "a plan".
 









 Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines

At the end we learn they cannot kill Skynet because Skynet is everywhere, in all computers around the planet.

Skynet then proceeds to nuke most of the planet rendering most computers inoperable (blown-up, EMP or even no more power).  In short, Skynet lobotomized itself or worse (it probably killed about 99% of its brain power doing that).
 




 You are correct that there is no way in hell politicians will do this on their own.

The only possible solution is a constitutional convention.   




 Is there a Field of View selection now?

I played the first Metro for about 30 minutes and gave up because it made me physically ill due to the narrow FoV.  If that ain't fixed I'm never going back.
 




 edit: oh please, comparing immigration laws to racial segregation is preposterous. 

Anti-immigration xenophobia is as inherently racist as it gets.  Hiding behind the law does not change that.
 




 Your "source" is anecdotal and as a result tells us nothing.

- While people of color make up about 30 percent of the United States population, they account for 60 percent of those imprisoned. The prison population grew by 700 percent from 1970 to 2005, a rate that is outpacing crime and population rates. The incarceration rates disproportionately impact men of color: 1 in every 15 African American men and 1 in every 36 Hispanic men are incarcerated in comparison to 1 in every 106 white men. 

- Students of color face harsher punishments in school than their white peers, leading to a higher number of youth of color incarcerated. Black and Hispanic students represent more than 70 percent of those involved in school-related arrests or referrals to law enforcement. Currently, African Americans make up two-fifths and Hispanics one-fifth of confined youth today. [SOURCE](http://www.americanprogress.org/issues/race/news/2012/03/13/11351/the-top-10-most-startling-facts-about-people-of-color-and-criminal-justice-in-the-united-states/) 




 It should comfort you to know that every dog has its day.
 




 #11 is probably the closest analogy to the vaccine example.  Chlorine is deadly (it was used in WWI in gas attacks...nasty, nasty stuff).  Sodium is highly reactive.  Add a little water and [sodium ignites](https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=0QaaUw7B_js#t=245).  

Who the hell in their right mind would EVER let their kid near such horrible stuff!?
 




 There is nothing racist or nationalist about supporting the enforcement of your country's laws.

Except when those laws are applied in a distinctly skewed fashion.

Do you really think the laws are applied evenly?
 




 I love seeing couples like this.

There is someone for everyone.  Finding them is the trick. 




   I agree they are terrible for the environment...but they are still more convenient.

The question no one seems to be asking is are paper bags worse for the environment?

I know the knee jerk reaction is paper is biodegradable and "natural" so therefore are better than a petroleum product (i.e. plastic bags).  Thing is you need to consider the whole process and not just the end result in a landfill.

Paper is terrible on several counts.  You need to chop down trees to make it (bad) and paper production is far, far more energy intensive than making a plastic bag.  Further, in many cases, paper production uses large quantities of chemicals that are bad for the environment.

When you put it all together the plastic bag is by far the "greener" product save for its bad habit of not degrading in a landfill.

Some will say use a cloth bag and bring it to the store.  That is fine for many people but for others (including me) that is problematic.  I shop on my way home from work.  I commute via mass transit and stop at the store on my way home.  I am not likely to be carrying shopping bags with me everywhere I go so I can use them at the end of the day nor do I want to walk all the way home, get my bags then backtrack to go shopping and backtrack again to home.

EDIT to add:  Not sure why the downvotes.  I can only assume it is a kneejerk reaction that plastic=bad.  Well, you are right, plastic is an environmental problem.  No doubt.  But then so too is paper.  

- Causes pollution: Paper production emits air pollution, specifically 70 percent more pollution than the production of plastic bags [source: Thompson]. According to certain studies, manufacturing paper emits 80 percent more greenhouse gases [source: Lilienfield]. And, consider that making paper uses trees that, instead, could be absorbing carbon dioxide. The paper bag making process also results in 50 times more water pollutants than making plastic bags [source: Thompson].
- Consumes energy: Even though petroleum goes into making plastic, it turns out that making a paper bag consumes four times as much energy as making a plastic bag, meaning making paper consumes a good deal of fuel [source: reusablebags.com].
- Consumes water: The production of paper bags uses three times the amount of water it takes to make plastic bags [source: Lilienfield].
- Inefficient recycling: The process of recycling paper can be inefficient -- often consuming more fuel than it would take to make a new bag [source: Milstein]. In addition, it takes about 91 percent more energy to recycle a pound of paper than a pound of plastic [source: reusablebags.com].
- Produces waste: According to some measures, paper bags generate 80 percent more solid waste [source: Lilienfield].
- Biodegrading difficulties: Surprisingly, the EPA has stated that in landfills, paper doesn't degrade all that much faster than plastics [source: Lilienfield].**** [SOURCE](http://science.howstuffworks.com/environmental/green-science/paper-plastic1.htm) 




 When I got married my (soon to be) wife got me a computer from [Falcon Northwest](http://www.falcon-nw.com/).  These guys preceded Alienware by a good margin and did boutique PC builds right.  Their stuff is great.

Can you build a comparable PC cheaper?  You bet!  You always can.  That said the build quality and *especially* the support from Falcon were superb.  

I have since taken to building my own PCs and that is really the only way to go for high end rigs BUT if you can't be arsed to do that and/or you want the support and warranty (and have money to burn) then I am not sure you can do much better than Falcon Northwest.  They've been quietly doing their thing for over 20 years.  




 Sounds like my Ex

"El_Gringo" suggests you are a male.  For this to work you'd need to be gay.

That's fine, just trying to be clear about this. 




 I wonder if there is an issue that the monster needs to kill the Medic (or whatever you call the healer on the team) first.

As the video shows it seems there is no other worthwhile play for the monster than to go after the medic when the whole group confronts you.

 




 I live in Chicago which has some fantastic steak houses.  At all of these everything is ala carte.  Put another way if you only order a steak you get a plate with a steak on it and nothing else.  All sides are extra.

- Smith and Wollensky (a chain in several US cities) [Filet Mignon: $42 10 oz](http://www.smithandwollensky.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/SWCH_DinnerMenu_Spring2014.pdf) (PDF)

- Gibson's: [Filet Mignon: $39.75 10oz](http://www.gibsonssteakhouse.com/dinner-menu-pages-332.php)

- Gene   Georgetti's: [Filet Mignon: $37.75 small](http://geneandgeorgetti.com/dinner-menu/)

And so it goes...$21 gets you that shitty grayish/brown hockey puck of a steak.  The steaks listed above are stupidly expensive but they are (usually) a meal you literally will never forget.  A really good cut of steak cooked to perfection is pretty special.

Again, none of the above include anything but the steak on a plate.  You will be lucky to leave for less than $100/person with drinks +tip from these places.

Shitty thing is I went to a really good butcher in Chicago (Paulina Market) and they sell an aged NY Strip for [over $39/pound](https://www.paulinameatmarket.com/?p=shop cid=beef).  While they provide great cuts of meat it is fucking ridiculous...I could go to any of the above and pay barely more to have it cooked for me and have others do the dishes.  Their filet mignon are near $38/pound.   




 I'm new to this sub-Reddit.  Why is this being downvoted?  (seriously)

I think this is hilarious!  A good movie?  Nope.  Not by a light year but is this only for pop movies?  If so is there a sub-Reddit better suited for this?

 









 I'm with you and the problem is restaurants like to put it in damn near every thing they possibly can.  Ok, a bit of hyperbole but seriously, it is pervasive cuz it is healthy or some shit.

As noted there is a portion of the population genetically disposed to not liking it (and I am one of them) so it is not even a matter of learning to like it.

It is fine that some dishes use it as no one expects every dish to be to their liking and some people genuinely like the stuff.  But it need not be on nearly as many dishes as it is.  Is it really necessary in every bowl of salsa in every Mexican restaurant ever?  It is really necessary on practically every dish at Wow Bao? (I always ask them to hold the cilantro yet almost invariable they drop it on the dish anyway.)

I do not know if everyone is like this but I feel like the princess in the Princess and the Pea story when it comes to cilantro.  I swear I can taste one speck of that shit if it is anywhere in the dish. 




 Liberals should start protests like this outside gun shops or their churches.  

Turnabout being fair play and all that.  




 They have to take every call seriously.  Just how that stuff works.
 









 Alaska is the northernmost, westernmost and easternmost state in the US.   




 Decades?

Do you understand that this area of the world has been fought over since around 1,000 BCE (and perhaps earlier than that)?  The Kingdom of Israel was formed around 930 BCE.

This shit has been going on for 3,000+ years.  Both sides, every side, can (and do) point at the other and claim a near endless litany of injustices done to them.

EDIT to add: Also, imagine you took over a portion of your neighbor's back yard.  Your neighbor declares it his mission in life to kill you and your family and take everything from you.  He's so pissed that even giving him his bit of land back will not assuage him.  He wants nothing less than to annihilate you and your family.

Now, you took a piece of that guy's land so you can understand he is pissed.  Would you then be ok that he was looking for any opportunity to kill you and your family because you deserve it or something?
 




 I do not think Hamas will be content if Israel stops illegal settlements:
.

.

                 THE COVENANT OF THE HAMAS - MAIN POINTS

                 =======================================



The Covenant of the Islamic Resistance Movement was issued on  August 
18, 1988. The Islamic Resistance Movement, also known as  the  HAMAS,  is an extremist fundamentalist Islamic organization operating in  the territories under Israeli control. Its Covenant  is  a  comprehensive manifesto comprised of 36 separate articles, all of which promote the basic HAMAS goal of destroying the  State  of  Israel  through  Jihad (Islamic  Holy  War).  The  following  are  excerpts  of  the   HAMAS Covenant:



Goals of the HAMAS:

------------------

'The Islamic  Resistance  Movement  is  a  distinguished  Palestinian

movement, whose allegiance is to Allah, and  whose  way  of  life  is

Islam. It strives to raise the banner of Allah  over  every  inch  of

Palestine.' (Article 6)



On the Destruction of Israel:

-----------------------------

'Israel will exist and  will  continue  to  exist  until  Islam  will

obliterate it, just as it obliterated others before it.' (Preamble)



The Exclusive Moslem Nature of the Area:

----------------------------------------

'The  land  of  Palestine  is  an  Islamic  Waqf  [Holy   Possession]

consecrated for future Moslem generations until Judgment Day. No  one

can renounce it or any part, or  abandon  it  or  any  part  of  it.'

(Article 11)



'Palestine is  an  Islamic  land...  Since  this  is  the  case,  the

Liberation of Palestine  is  an  individual  duty  for  every  Moslem

wherever he may be.' (Article 13) [SOURCE](http://fas.org/irp/world/para/docs/880818a.htm)
 




 Mirror (for now at least): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UljNDz7jiOg

 




 Seems very similar to Railroad Tycoon (2 or 3 or Sid Meier's Railroads).  This seems better on the town detail but thinner on the economic simulation which was pretty great in Railroad Tycoon.

Seeing this got me to fire up Sid Meier's Railroads again.  Good stuff.
 




 Yeah but there is taking artistic license and then just completely fabricating so much that there isn't really anything remotely accurate in the movie compared to history.
 




 SOE getting DDoS'd would probably elicit not much more than a yawn and a tepid response from the FBI.

Claiming a bomb is on a plane will get these guys the full attention of the FBI as well as an alphabet soup of other agencies in the mix and they WILL pursue this zealously.

 




 I was in high school in the early 80's so programmable calculators were a rare thing and not forbidden.  As it happened I had one so I programmed my calculator to solve for "X" wherever it was in a calculation for my upcoming Physics exam.

Worked like a charm although the funny thing was that going through the process of programming the calculator I taught myself the material.  When taking the test it turned out I was faster just doing the problems normally without running my program (which was a little kludgy).

First time I ever finished an exam before anyone else.  Waaay before anyone else cuz I knew it so well.  Got a 98% IIRC.

tl;dr - Tried to cheat on a test and accidentally taught myself the material by setting up the cheat. 




  So much of the police force seems to be filled with men looking for power and acting like thugs.

It should come as no surprise that certain professions attract a certain "type".  These types are not a hard and fast rule as of course there is variance.  But if you graphed it you'd probably come out with a bell curve with a certain type as prevalent at the top of the bell curve.

There are of course many good and conscientious police officers.  Unfortunately the profession attracts all too many of the type depicted in the OP.

The problem for the good cops is police culture means they have to stay silent about the bad ones.  As a result their profession and how we (the public) feel about them as a group is colored by sociopaths like the guy in the OP.

I do not know whether to feel sympathy for the good cops having to live with that or hostility that they abide by the "code" that lets people like this prey on the public because they won't say anything.
 




 It depends how the company presents itself.

If at the outset your company says it is interested in reducing carbon emissions then fine.  Anyone who invests in your company knows that and cannot bring a successful lawsuit.

Such things, while they happen, are rare.  People invest in companies who will increase shareholder value.  That is kinda the point.

Hewlett Packard recently settled a lawsuit with shareholders for $57 million because they changed course:

Hewlett-Packard Co. (HPQ) agreed to pay $57 million to settle a shareholder lawsuit accusing former Chief Executive Officer Leo Apotheker of making misleading statements about operations before he was ousted. [SOURCE](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-04-01/hp-reaches-57-million-settlement-in-shareholder-lawsuit.html)

I am **NOT** saying I like the status quo but people here need to realize that "nice" companies are a pipe dream.  If you ever become CEO of a company your **LEGAL** responsibility is to the SHAREHOLDERS.  Period.  Full stop.  It is not to the environment.  It is not to poor people.  It does not matter how much you wish it were different.
 




 Interesting I am getting downvoted.

A fiduciary duty just isn't a notion some people have.  It is a legal responsibility and has legal ramifications for the people who have a fiduciary duty.

A fiduciary duty is an obligation to act in the best interest of another party. For instance, a corporation's board member has a fiduciary duty to the shareholders, a trustee has a fiduciary duty to the trust's beneficiaries, and an attorney has a fiduciary duty to a client.

.

A fiduciary obligation exists whenever the relationship with the client involves a special trust, confidence, and reliance on the fiduciary to exercise his discretion or expertise in acting for the client. The fiduciary must knowingly accept that trust and confidence to exercise his expertise and discretion to act on the client's behalf.

.

When one person does agree to act for another in a fiduciary relationship, the law forbids the fiduciary from acting in any manner adverse or contrary to the interests of the client, or from acting for his own benefit in relation to the subject matter. The client is entitled to the best efforts of the fiduciary on his behalf and the fiduciary must exercise all of the skill, care and diligence at his disposal when acting on behalf of the client. A person acting in a fiduciary capacity is held to a high standard of honesty and full disclosure in regard to the client and must not obtain a personal benefit at the expense of the client. [SOURCE](http://definitions.uslegal.com/b/breach-of-fiduciary-duty/)

Companies that violate that duty can and frequently are hit with shareholder lawsuits.  Such lawsuits are not uncommon.   




 I was on my phone posting so it was hard to tell but the NASA app seemed it might have the radio along with other stuff.  Some review complaints suggested videos thumbs in the sidebar kept changing which was distracting. Not to mention using more bandwidth. 

I figured the radio-only app was a better fit here. Lighter weight download, less other extraneous stuff. 
To each their own though. Whatever suits you.  




 Yes they would. At least publicly held companies would. The executives have a *fiduciary responsibility* to maximize shareholders' returns. 

They keep that in mind so they can sleep at night with a clear conscience.  




 I agree mandatory minimums have become a bad thing but in theory they were supposed to address real and serious disparities in sentencing. 

Things like white guy gets community service and black guy gets five years.  




 Yeah but they NEVER call themselves that. It'll be things like "American Crossroads" or the "Heritage Foundation" and so on.

Look up "astroturf lobby groups".  




 I have not seen it mentioned yet. This one is truly an excellent movie (dark comedy).

- Harold   Maude

1972, campy, hilarious at times and a Cat Stevens soundtrack. 

You'll thank me later. 

Edit to add: If you like truly old movies (read black and white old) check out Blithe Spirit.
 




 I do not know what phone you have but on my Android phone I went to Google's Playstore and it was listed as Third Rock Radio by CodeUSA Software. It is free.  




 I do not know what phone you have but on my Android phone I went to Google's Playstore and it was listed as Third Rock Radio by CodeUSA. It is free.  




 They need to add this to Euro Truck Simulator.
 




 I can do everything I need to do for my job from home.  All I need is a computer, internet access and a phone.  I can sit in on meetings via Skype or conference call.

Many jobs are like mine in that the work can be done places other than the office.

I know of few employers who will be cool with you taking three months/year at home because you can do everything you need to do while on vacation.
 




  It's obvious that you are making conclusions based on zero information. 

Pot meet kettle.

Having policy meetings with many of the most powerful world leaders is your definition of vacation? 
snip
I guess Bush must have been great buddies with Putin and Angela Merkel for them to accompany him on his vacation multiple times.

Merkel went to his ranch once.  Bush entertained [17 dignitaries](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prairie_Chapel_Ranch#Visits_from_foreign_dignitaries) at his ranch while in office.  Two of them visited twice.  If we assume each one stayed for two days that is 38 days out of 879.  

EDIT to add: I do not consider working trips to Camp David as "vacation".


 




  The second is child molestation. The victims often take years to come to terms.

Certainly there are cases where it can take a child well into adulthood to deal with childhood trauma.

That said a lot of "repressed memories" are induced and implanted by therapists:

In the early 1990s, the focus of Loftus work shifted to investigating whether it was possible to implant false memories for entire events that had never taken place. The impetus for this new line of research was a case for which Loftus had been asked to provide expert testimony in 1990.[9][10][12][14] The unique point in this case was that George Franklin stood accused of murder, but the only evidence against him was provided by his daughter, Eileen Franklin-Lipsker, who claimed that she had initially repressed the memory of him raping and murdering her childhood friend, Susan Nason, 20 years earlier, and had only recently recovered it while undergoing therapy.[9][10][14] Loftus gave evidence about the malleability of memory, but had to concede that she did not know of any research about the particular kind of memory Franklin-Lipsker was claiming to have; Franklin was convicted (though in 1996 he was released upon appeal).[9][10][14]

.

At that time, many others were also making accusations, both in and out of court, based on recovered memories of trauma.[14] Loftus began work to find out whether some of these recovered memories might in fact be false memories, created by the suggestive techniques used by some therapists at the time and encouraged in some self-help books.[9][10][14] Ethically, she could not try to convince research subjects that they had been sexually abused by a relative as a child, so Loftus had to come up with a paradigm that involved childhood trauma without causing harm to subjects. The lost in the mall technique was the result. The method involves attempting to implant a false memory of being lost in a shopping mall as a child and testing whether discussing a false event could produce a "memory" despite never happening. In her initial study, Loftus found that 25% of subjects came to develop a "memory" for the event which had never actually taken place.[10][14] Extensions and variations of the lost in the mall technique found that an average of one third of experimental subjects could become convinced that they experienced things in childhood that had never really occurredeven highly traumatic, and impossible events.[14] Loftus work was used to oppose recovered memory evidence provided in court[10] and resulted in stricter requirements for the use of recovered memories being used in trials as well as a greater requirement for corroborating evidence. In addition, some states no longer allowed prosecution based on recovered memory testimony and insurance companies were more reluctant to insure therapists against malpractice suits relating to recovered memories.[7][9][10] [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elizabeth_Loftus#The_memory_wars)

(FWIW this researcher is held in high regard among her peers: "Loftus has been recognized throughout the world for her work, receiving numerous awards and honorary degrees. In 2002, Loftus was ranked 58th in the Review of General Psychologys list of the 100 most influential psychological researchers of the 20th century, and was the highest ranked woman on the list.") 




  I expect to get downvoted and called a racist or Republitard for bringing factual information into this.

Except there is barely any factual information to be found in your post.  "Bush spent a lot of money to have the Crawford ranch set up for many operations" is about as close to a fact that you get but it is vague, unsubstantiated and says nothing about how much work Bush did on his ranch.

Certainly the president (whoever it may be) at the very least gets the Presidential Daily Briefing (PDB) and depending on circumstances they may well have to work the whole day while on vacation.  

It remains that Bush spent 30% of his time in office away from the White House and Washington (not including business trips...just "vacation" time).
 




 It is Journalism 101 to ask for name pronunciation if there is the slightest doubt.  Asking pronunciation is showing respect rather than guessing and mangling the name which would be a lack of respect (else something [like this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=nxxSIX3fmmo#t=20) could happen).
 




 I think I played 2033 for 30 minutes a year or two ago and gave up and uninstalled it because the FOV was way too narrow and made me nauseated to play.

If they do not fix that I am not going back.
 




 It was recently struck down in Illinois:

In People v. Melongo, Docket No. 114852 (Ill. Mar. 20, 2014), the Supreme Court of Illinois held that Illinois' two-party eavesdropping statute, 720 Ill. Comp. Stat. 5/14-1, -2 (scroll down), was unconstitutional on its face. The statute made it a crime to use an "eavesdropping device" to overhear or record a phone call or conversation without the consent of all parties to the conversation, regardless of whether the parties had an expectation of privacy. The Court held that the recording provisions of the statute, as written, adversely affected the First Amendment rights of people making recordings in a substantial number of circumstances where there were no legitimate privacy interests.  The Court further held that a provision of the statute prohibiting the disclosure of recordings likewise ran afoul of the First Amendment.   

 This does not mean, however, that recording of communications is now universally permitted in Illinois:

- Recordings may still be subject to the "one-party" consent rule of the Federal wiretap act.
- Communications reaching other states may be subject to the wiretapping laws of the remote state.
- Secret recordings may still support an Illinois common-law claim for intrusion into the privacy of another. See, e.g., Narducci v. Village of Bellwood, 444 F. Supp. 2d 924, 938 (N.D. Ill. 2006).
- Another Illinois statute, not necessarily affected by the decision in the Melongo case, makes it illegal to "videotape, photograph, or film" people without their consent in "a restroom, tanning bed, or tanning salon, locker room, changing room or hotel bedroom." 720 Ill. Comp. Stat. 5/26-4(a) (scroll down).

Consult The Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press's Can We Tape?: Illinois for more information on Illinois wiretapping lawyer. 
[SOURCE](http://www.dmlp.org/legal-guide/illinois-recording-law)
 




 Those great generals in the Civil War, crushing Germany in World War II, thats all that really stands out to me, said Mercer. The problem with the new curriculum, in his view, is that theres nothing in there about our military and all those victories.

Someone should remind Mercer that most of the great generals of the Civil War worked for the South and a lot of victories went to the South.  Maybe he figures the Civil War was great because no matter what Americans won.
 




 Yes.

The difference in the law would be your intent which can impact your sentence.  If your intent was to shoot the police officer and you missed but the bullet ricocheted and hit it will make no difference in your court case.   




 Really?

Near as I can tell she had been trying to put a lid on it because the story line is not trending in her favor.

I could be wrong though.  I really am only [watching from the sidelines.](http://i.imgur.com/rj59FUv.gif)   




 Same here. I posted some innocuous thing like, "Kinda wondering what's going on here too," and it was deleted. 

Till the TB post I was 100% clueless about the whole thing. Because of the mass deletions I investigated further.

Note to Ms. Quinn, the Streisand Effect is a real thing. 
 




 So, if you were a person who could be tapped to run a $50 million company would you accept an $80K salary?

Of course you wouldn't because you could easily get jobs paying 2x, 3x, 4x that or more.

Charities need to pay their executives somewhat commensurate with the going rate.  Same as if they want to hire a nurse they cannot expect to pay that person minimum wage because they are a charity.

This is normal and the good charities are up-front about where the money goes.  Generally if less than 33% goes to running the place (salaries, rent, electricity, water, etc) then things aren't so bad.

ALL organizations have costs.  None of any size can do the work for free (hell...cost of postage can be substantial).

That said it is wise to look into organizations before you donate to them to see how the money is spent.  Some are downright robbing people.  If you look at enough you will start to see the differences.

SOURCE: I have two family members who have worked for charities in executive roles (real and well recognized charities) and they also worked to improve the ethical standards of charities.  I have also worked for a charity myself (as an employee...several as a volunteer).
 




 Did you *really* imagine it?

From Bill Bryson's book, [A Short History of Nearly Everything](http://www.amazon.com/A-Short-History-Nearly-Everything/dp/076790818X) (for geographic reference he is talking about an impact that happened in [Manson, Iowa](http://thewatchers.adorraeli.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/IA_66936.gif) some 74 million years ago and left the biggest crater in the US (you couldn't tell if you went there...nothing to see crater-wise anymore without using special equipment to see underground):

An asteroid or comet traveling at cosmic velocities would enter the earth's atmosphere at such a speed that the air beneath it couldn't get out of the way and would be compressed, as in a bicycle pump. As anyone who has used such a pump knows, compressed air grows swiftly hot, and temperature below it would rise to some 60,000 Kelvins or ten times the surface temperature of the Sun. In this instant of its arrival in our atmosphere, everything in the meteor's path - people, houses, factories, cars - would crinkle and vanish like cellophane in a flame.

One second after entering the atmosphere, the meteorite would slam into the earth's surface, where the people of Manson (an impact site of such a collision millions of years ago) had a moment before been going about their business. The meteorite itself would vaporize instantly, but the blast would blow out a thousand cubic kilometers of rock, earth, and superheated gases. Every living thing within 150 miles that hadn't been killed by the heat of entry would now be killed by the blast. Radiating outward at almost the speed of light would be the initial shock wave, sweeping everything before it.

For those outside the zone of immediate devastation, the first inkling of catastrophe would be a flash of blinding light - the brightest ever seen by human eyes - followed an instant to a minute or two later by an apocalyptic sight of unimaginable grandeur: a rolling wall of darkness reaching high into the heavens, filling an entire field of view and traveling at thousands of miles an hour. Its approach would be eerily silent since it would be moving far beyond the speed of sound. Anyone In a tall building in Omaha or Des Moines, say, who chanced to look into the right direction would see a bewildering veil of turmoil followed by instantaneous oblivion.

Within minutes, over an area stretching from Denver to Detroit and encompassing what had been Chicago, St. Louis, Kansas City, the Twin Cities - the whole of the Midwest, in short - nearly every standing thing would be flattened or on fire, and nearly every living thing would be dead. People up to a thousand miles away would be knocked off their feet and sliced or clobbered by a blizzard of flying projectiles. Beyond a thousand miles the devastation from the blast would gradually diminish.

But that's just the initial shockwave. No one can do more than guess what the associated damage would be, other than that it would be brisk and global. The impact would almost certainly set off a chain of devastating earthquakes. Volcanoes across the world would begin to rumble and spew. Tsunamis would rise up and head devastatingly for distant shores. Within an hour, a cloud of blackness would cover the planet, and burning rock and other debris would be pelting down everywhere, setting much of the planet ablaze. It has been estimated that 1.5 billion people would be dead by the end of first day. The massive disturbances to the ionosphere would knock out communications systems everywhere, so survivors would have no idea what was happening elsewhere or where to turn. It would hardly matter. As one commentator has put it, fleeing would mean "selecting a slow death over a quicker one. The death toll would be very little affected by any plausible relocation effort, since earths ability to support life would be universally diminished."

The amount of soot and floating ash from the impact and following fires would blot out the sun, certainly for months, possibly for years, disrupting growing cycles. In 2001, researchers at the California Institute of Technology analyzed helium isotopes from sediments left from the later KT impact and concluded that it affected earths climate for about 10,000 years. This was actually used as evidence to support the notion that the extinction of dinosaurs was swift and emphatic - and so it was in geological terms. We can only guess how well, or whether, humanity would cope with such an event.

And in all likelihood, this would come without warning, out of a clear sky.

EDIT:  Added geographic info for context.

EDIT2: It is worth noting that there were no extinctions associated with this impact.  As devastating as it was it was still not sufficient to completely end any species' time on the planet.  Now consider what the one that put a sharp and definitive end to the dinosaurs must have been like!
 




 I don't care about art, why would I? I'm not purchasing art again that's something for the rich....and science, wow you came up with cures I cannot afford, and technology which has eliminated millions of jobs to enrich the tiny sneering technical elite

"Art" is a broad term.

Do you read books?  Watch TV?  Go to movies?  Listen to music?  Have you ever appreciated a beautiful photo or painting?

All art and I bet you are a consumer of some if not all of that.

Prosperity means people have time to make that stuff instead of hunting food.  Prosperity means you have time to enjoy some of that stuff.

Your life expectancy is longer than it was in the past due to science.  Hell, even something as simple as salt is iodized and water has fluoride in it both of which improve your overall health (not to mention civil water and sewer systems).

As for technology eliminating jobs it certainly does but that is not always bad.  I remember as a kid that elevators used to have elevator operators.  People who manually controlled the elevators with a lever.

Would you suggest we were better off with manual elevators rather than the automatic ones we have today because some people lost their job running an elevator? 




 Compare yourself to someone from, say, the year 1500.

You are light years better off then they were. 




 It is not about whether others should earn as much.  It is about people striking who earn $150k+ because they feel they don't earn enough.

In the US in the mid 90's professional baseball players went on strike.  They had a hard time mustering sympathy when their average salary was $1.2 million/year. 

I wonder how much competition those tugboats are subject to?
 




 "Anecdotal bad apples"?  It is more than anecdote.

Wonder why there is no accountability for police after they do something egregious?  Ever see how hard it is to get rid of a bad teacher (including criminal teachers) in New York or Chicago?  Ever try to start your own business as a garbage collector?  Ever try to plug in a computer at a trade show without paying $120/hour for a union guy to do it?

The list is long.  

I read The Jungle.  I know of the labor disputes of the early 20th century and the horrid excesses of corporations (literally killing women and children in some cases).  I appreciate the need for workers to collectively bargain.

On the flip side the unions have become monsters in their own right and it is no surprise that people push back against them and they are losing power.

In the end we are the losers and the corporations are winning.
 




 Kinda wondering that myself.
 




 As for us that like unions: no.

Unions are partly their own worst enemies.

In principle they are great.

In practice they have become big business in their own right that are more interested in their own existence than their workers and (sometimes) are dominated by organized crime.

Workers coordinating and uniting to protect their rights is *great*!  But they can create an intolerable mess too.

There has to be a good middle-ground (I am thinking the Germans have a good model for labor relations with management).
 




 Prosperity is good in general (within reason).

Prosperity allows for all sorts of luxuries which can include everything from an iPod to going to an opera (read arts).

The world used to be dominated by growing food.  It is what most people did.  When technology allowed for better returns people became more prosperous and allowed them to try and do new things like science and art.

You may not care that *I* am prosperous but you should be glad for overall prosperity.
 




 AUS $150K is about US $140K.

Cost of living in the US is about 1/3 less than in Australia (on average of course). [SOURCE](http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_countries_result.jsp?country1=Australia country2=United+States)

So an equivalent wage in the US would be around $100K.  That is a fantastic wage in anyone's book.  Most people live on well less than half that.  Hell, $50k is not a bad wage either.  Not rich but not bad.

In 2012 the US average wage was about [$44,000](http://www.ssa.gov/oact/cola/AWI.html).  In Australia it is about AUS [$75,500](http://www.abs.gov.au/ausstats/abs@.nsf/mf/6302.0).

However you slice it, by any measure, these tugboat crews are doing quite well.  Hard pressed to feel bad about them. 




 I see the sarcasm and it is not lost on me.

More seriously I will add the issue with giving tax breaks and other incentives to create jobs really do not work.

Imagine you can sell 1,000 iPods/month and it takes you five employees to manufacture those 1,000 iPods.  Will a tax break get you to hire more people?

No.  Why would you?  You will hire as many people as you need to get the job done. Period.  If the government lets you keep more money you will not hire more people just cuz...you will pocket that money.

Further, wages stagnate because there are 100 people waiting to take one of those five jobs.  You want more money? Fuck you...Joe Schmo over there tells me he will work for half your salary.
 
























 That's why they were crying. 




  Oh, so that one time 50 years ago? 

[The Ludlow Massacre](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ludlow_Massacre) jumps to mind.
 









 This is not remotely true. The National Guard has a history of shooting civilians. See Kent State for starters.  




 You're probably right that these bats were fine and posed no danger.

Thing is you can never be 100% certain with wild bats and you only get to be wrong once.  Rabies is some majorly bad juju.  

That said bats are cool and good to have around and kinda neat.  Just best to not mess with them in general.

Glad you relocated them!
 




 Why is this even news?

Countries spy on each other!  News at 11!

Seriously, every country does its level best to spy on other countries be they friend or foe.  No one wants to be caught flat-footed.

There is nothing new about this.

Yes we can get all butt-hurt and righteous when the Israelis or Russians are caught spying on us but none of our governments really get all that bent out of shape about it because they all know that is part of the game.
 




 It doesn't matter if they are far from the same.

In the US Congress they are both right of center, caucus together and vote together as a bloc.

They can argue amongst themselves all they want about the finer points of conservatism and if they ever completely run off liberals our two party system will break along libertarian and non-libertarian lines.

But that is all academic right now and there is no practical reason for a liberal voter to distinguish between the two.
 




 I am not sure which sacking of which city it was by the Mongols but reportedly in one city 60,000 women committed suicide rather than to be raped/captured/killed by the Mongols.

Our modern mind simply cannot encompass such a thing.  Imagine filling a modern football stadium with women and then they all commit suicide.  Boggles the mind.

The really amazing part?  That wasn't even the worst of what the Mongols did.  It was par for the course.
 




 IIRC the Mongols were pretty serious about *not* spilling royal blood.  This did not mean they would not kill royalty.  They most certainly did.  They just found creative ways to do it.
 




 Oh man...there are lots of these.

[This is the worst picture](http://www.newjerseytelephones.com/images/Wiring%20Mess.jpg) of one I have ever seen.

The worst I have ever personally seen was something like [this picture](http://www.vibrant.com/images/cables/artistic-mess-cormacphelan.jpg).

Weird thing though it was easier to change out a cable in the messy room (within reason...not like the first pic) than it is in the nicely bundled and zip-tied neat room.  I have traced cables through both kinds (messy and bundled) and the bundles were a pain in the ass.  You have to unbundle them then find your cable in the bundle then trace it then replace it and make it all neat again.

 




 It honestly looked like the same trick to me over and over again.

I understand I have no clue what I'm looking at but it remains that I doubt this can be really appreciated by anyone outside of the community of skaters.
 




 Galactic President Superstar McAwesomeville 

(From ["How I Met Your Mother"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y5RQNBFKK30))

 




 I am interested to know if this changes your opinion.

For the sake of argument let's assume Brown did commit the robbery and let's also assume the officer who shot him had no clue about that robbery.

Are you still unconcerned that the officer shot him and killed him?
 




 I am not sure this link will have the info when you go there but this is listed as "Breaking News" on a banner on CNN's website (as of me posting this):

Chief says initial contact between Michael Brown and officer who shot him was unrelated to alleged convenience store robbery. [SOURCE](http://www.cnn.com/2014/08/15/us/missouri-teen-shooting/index.html)

So, even IF Brown did commit a robbery prior to being shot the cop that shot him apparently did not know that.

EDIT:  Here is a screen cap of the linked page in case it the banner gets removed: http://i.imgur.com/vkX8Hv1.jpg
 




 You can sue for being detained for no cause.

Consider a country where any cop could throw anyone in jail for 24 hours then merely shrug and let you go for any reason or no reason whatsoever.

Police most certainly need probable cause to detain you.
 




 Peering is not last mile stuff which would be the "local" portion of Comcast to your house.  

There is nothing inherently stopping breaking up of monopolies at the local level.  They merely tell Comcast that it HAS TO allow others to use their wiring and Comcast would charge a fee for that.

It's been done before and works fine.
 




 When you "delete" a file it goes to your computer's trashcan.  In this case the file is not really deleted.  It's location in the file system merely changes it from the original directory to the trashcan directory.

When you clear your trashcan the file system marks the space the file is located at on the hard drive (or SSD or whatever) as available.  At this point the file is NOT deleted and can be recovered with certain utilities.  Over time other data may be written in that spot and the old file will be unrecoverable.

For this reason there are some utilities that, when you delete a file, write random data into the file's location on the drive eight times.  This thoroughly scrubs the file and makes it truly deleted (apparently, if you have the right tech, it is possible to see what data was in a location even after some other file has overwritten it by the magnetic traces it leaves on the surrounding area...or something...point is writing random data eight times in the same spot ruins even that method and truly makes the data unrecoverable).
 




  This is an asshole cop shooting a guy. Im not setting up a new system here. Im not reforming the courts and laws. I just dont care if these kind of scumbags get shot.
 
 
 
 Don't start going down that rabbit hole and reading too deep into my comments.

Seems pretty clear you are fine with police dispensing summary judgment on anyone who robs a store and ok with them imposing the death penalty for that crime as a just and proper punishment.

Judge, jury and executioner all rolled into one.

When suggesting such things you need to consider how you'd feel if this was done to someone you care for.  Imagine your brother or sister (or best friend) robs a store and a cop rolls up and guns them down.  You'd be ok with that?
 




 The courts broke up Ma Bell and there was no publicly owned anything about it.

Note that where Ma Bell has a monopoly is still in the local markets but not long distance.  It is actually cheaper to call long distance now than it is to call locally.  How do I know?  I work in Chicago and have setup fax systems for companies that do a lot of faxing (mortgage companies are a prime example) and it is cheaper to route the fax via ISP to offices in another state and call back to Chicago than it is to have the suburban location phone downtown Chicago directly).
 




 While that may be prudent it should be noted that it is explicitly illegal for police to search your cell phone without a warrant (Supreme Court unanimous decision in [Riley v. California](http://www.scotusblog.com/case-files/cases/riley-v-california/)).

Further, it is explicitly illegal in ALL circumstances to delete video (tampering with evidence).  [Felony charges](https://www.aclu.org/blog/free-speech-criminal-law-reform/hidden-third-cameraman-proves-crucial-nebraska-photographer) have been brought for such things.

Of course you would have to *prove* all this in a court so uploading via Dropbox is still a good idea but it IS at least illegal for the police to mess with your phone without a warrant.
 




 It is a little gray but not as much as you seem to suggest. 

https://www.aclu.org/free-speech/know-your-rights-photographers
 




 Sue for false arrest. The damages from not getting the job could be substantial. 

Uphill battle I admit but if the officer is never held accountable perhaps the taxpayers will hold their bosses accountable at the ballot box after a few million dollar lawsuits.  




  Can any redditer's here find on line how much money, political donations he gets from Comcast/Time Warner?

By far his biggest contributor is the insurance industry ($116,200).

After that is lawyers and lobbyists but there is no telling what the lobbyists were lobbying for.  If it was ALL for cable it would be $55,118.

Of course this is not current.  No telling what has been promised in the past few weeks.

You can see the data here: http://www.followthemoney.org/database/StateGlance/candidate.phtml?c=153538
 




 In a weird way you kinda did.

Want to crush someone?  Ignore them.  It is far, far more devastating than yelling.  Cool indifference can be brutal and says loud and clear you don't give a fuck. 




 Can we interest you in some solar cells and a satellite dish? Half price for the first year! We accept acorns as payment.  




  It's all talk or at least it has been for 20+ years. I created a research report on nuclear energy for my high school enviro. biology class in 1992, which included mention of these types of reactors. There are still none in mainstream energy production today.

You realize they built an operational one back in the 1960's?

The Molten-Salt Reactor Experiment (MSRE) was an experimental molten-salt nuclear reactor at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) researching this technology through the 1960s; constructed by 1964, it went critical in 1965 and was operated until 1969. [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Molten-Salt_Reactor_Experiment)

There are also some working today or in the works:

- [Thorium fuel is now being tested in the Halden research reactor in Norway. It was loaded in the last week of April, defining the start of a physical test program that will simulate how it operates in a power reactor.](http://www.world-nuclear-news.org/ENF_Thorium_test_begins_2106131.html)

-  [Chinese going for broke on thorium nuclear power, and good luck to them](http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/finance/ambroseevans-pritchard/100026863/china-going-for-broke-on-thorium-nuclear-power-and-good-luck-to-them/)
 




 He wrote 66 of 83 citations so most people who were cited were cited by this one guy. 

That said the article suggests he was citing homeless people so I doubt they will contest these (or pay the fine).  




 I tried for years (literally) to get my GF and (eventually) wife to try sushi.

She'd have none of it.

Then, one day, a close friend of hers from college who she had not seen in a long time was coming through our city but was only in for a night.  She REALLY wanted to see this person!

Her friend told her that she was going to a particular sushi place.  If my GF wanted to see her then that is where she'd have to go.

My GF grumbled but I assured her there would be other items she could eat on offer other than sushi so she figured it was fine to go.

Once there she kinda felt that, in order to be cool, she had to choke down some sushi.  She did and it was a revelation to her.  She freaking LOVED it (kidjanot).

Somehow, after that, she was someone who ALWAYS liked it.  Nevermind the years I had to sneak eating sushi because she would not even abide the sight of it.

All's well that ends well I suppose...

**grumble grumble**
 




 I thought everyone in Chicago knew this song.

I then asked some co-workers (we are all in Chicago) about it and was surprised that none had heard of it.  I was surprised.

Spread the good word! :)
 




 I've lived in Chicago most of my life and have lived on the north side now for 15 years.  This never gets old.  One of the best drives into a major city anywhere in the world (I think THE best).

Have to add the obligatory [Lake Shore Drive song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOrdtmG2IMM)

 




   Name one time a restraining order has saved someone's life.

That's impossible to answer.  A lot of restraining orders have been issued where no one has been killed.  There is no way to know if any of those prevented something worse.

That said I understand if someone is intent on murder a restraining order is small potatoes and not going to be the thing that deters them.
 




 *Brian is writing a slogan on a wall, oblivious to the Roman patrol approaching from behind. The slogan is "ROMANES EUNT DOMUS".*

Centurion: What's this thing? "ROMANES EUNT DOMUS"? "People called Romanes they go the house?" 

Brian: It... it says "Romans go home". 

Centurion: No it doesn't. What's Latin for "Roman"? 

*Brian hesitates*

Centurion: Come on, come on! 

Brian: (uncertain) "ROMANUS". 

Centurion: Goes like? 

Brian: "-ANUS". 

Centurion: Vocative plural of "-ANUS" is? 

Brian: "-ANI". 

Centurion: (takes paintbrush from Brian and paints over) "RO-MA-NI". "EUNT"? What is "EUNT"? 

Brian: "Go". 

Centurion: Conjugate the verb "to go"! 

Brian: "IRE"; "EO", "IS", "IT", "IMUS", "ITIS", "EUNT". 

Centurion: So "EUNT" is ...? 

Brian: Third person plural present indicative, "they go". 

Centurion: But "Romans, go home!" is an order, so you must use the ...? 

*He lifts Brian by his short hairs*

Brian: The ... imperative. 

Centurion: Which is? 

Brian: Um, oh, oh, "I", "I"! 

Centurion: How many Romans? (pulls harder) 

Brian: Plural, plural! "ITE". 

*Centurion strikes over "EUNT" and paints "ITE" on the wall*

Centurion: "I-TE". "DOMUS"? Nominative? "Go home", this is motion towards, isn't it, boy? 

Brian: (very anxious) Dative? 

*Centurion draws his sword and holds it to Brian's throat*

Brian: Ahh! No, ablative, ablative, sir. No, the, accusative, accusative, ah, DOMUM, sir. 

Centurion: Except that "DOMUS" takes the ...? 

Brian: ... the locative, sir! 

Centurion: Which is? 

Brian: "DOMUM". 

Centurion: (satisfied) "DOMUM"... 

*He strikes out "DOMUS" and writes "DOMUM"*

Centurian: ..."-MUM". Understand? 

Brian: Yes sir. 

Centurion: Now write it down a hundred times. 

Brian: Yes sir, thank you sir, hail Caesar, sir. 

Centurion: (saluting) Hail Caesar. If it's not done by sunrise, I'll cut your balls off. 

 




 If this is [the song](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGJmt5HNTTg) you are referring to then they definitely took samples from the song I linked to.

Great songs both.

And I know what CJ was after hence my winky face.  I just saw the link to Nina Simone's song in your title and photo so had some fun with it is all.
 




 Nope...[Nina Simone](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJA69C6SlRk) ;)  




