 It's so hard to get excited for games anymore. It's almost as if games have no desire for to be played more than once. Where is that game that desires hundreds of hours of my life? Why do they no longer satisfy me as they once did? 




 cuz that would be gross :P 




 thats what makes it so sweet, just dominating those fugs 




 The trainer should have known, Break dancing-type is super effective against cat-type. 




 SOB! 




 I Sin at times. Pornography, drug use, gossip etc. I'm not proud of it but I do. The Bible secures salvation for those who believe in Christ. Why is it at times I feel saved, and when I sin I feel guilty and no longer feel saved? 




 kool 









 If by grammar, you mean't Nazi, then yes.  




 I'm almost felt bad for him. Not sure why. Something about really fat kids has always saddened me deeply. I was chubby when I was little. Never that big. But that level of fat, plus a pounding to the face is too much for me to handle.  




 Don't thank me. Thank the kids who ate shit to bring you said pleasure :) 




 Yup! 




 Does it all go to research? Is there any profit made from this large amount of funding? 




 Were there little kids aboard? 




 I know I love the kid taking his first steps and subsequently his last before a stampede of canines lays him out. I also love making it to the front page with zero effort lol 420blazeitfagget 









 Jesus, the guys not dead... 




 Where's adam gonna go? 




 I thought Adam started Rev3? So, like, this wasn't his channel? 




 where should I ask this? 









 Clear up on aisle three, we have a large circlejerk spillage. 




 What a tragedy! 




 wee wittle baybeeeee 




 Ill have music on before I go to bed that seems be a perfect volume then I wake up and it appears to be turned up. 




 can't satan just see what we're doing anyway? Why does it need cameras? 




 I work more than 40 hours a week. I feel like the excitement in my life consists of waiting until my days off to do something fun. I have no real direction or goals. Every one says you should get married and start a family, but will that really solve anything? What would you suggest I do? 




 Yeah, but he's not talking about you and your perseverance, of which God has provided you. He's talking about himself and crying out for help from the people he used to trust. Have some sensitivity and pray for this man.   




 TIL that cartwheel kicks are the strongest kicks 




 When they target people. Who do they target them for? Like, who's calling the shots for all the surveillance?  




 so true. i wanna die 




 ya pizza shit 




 Or maybe they didn't change at all. Maybe, the United States' motives changed and these gentlemen were just in the way.  




 lol tho it goes without saying this is a joke, I shouldn't have to explain to a Christian the importance of "not getting offended". If this extent of mockery boils your blood, I'd hate to see how you'd react under legitimate prosecution.  




 Hwoah... 









 Which one's which!!!! ahhhhhhhh 




 They would've worked harder if they had themselves a SNIGGERS bar! 




 Yeah, just like Instagram right? Mark has made it clear that he doesn't just come in and fuck shit up. He bought them, but they aren't disbanding. He's not taking over every last little detail. This can only help Oculus.

EDIT: Oh fuck... 




 sounds like Sheol 




 its moving so slow? the debris 




 These thirsties, are making me shove a cog in my nog. 




 I feel ya. I'm writing a short story right now, and as much as I love it, i only ever get to it maybe once every so often. 

But awesome narrative nonetheless! 




 Haha, I liked the chauvinism. Is there more? 




 and what doesn't sound interesting about that?? 




 You're right. I'm not gonna send this paycheck to her after all.  




 Yeah, if you enjoy mainstream music that legitimately follows a formula and sounds identical. They all attend the same conferences and are considered the "standard" of Americanized worship. It's nonsense to say a certain brand of music worships God any more absolute than another type with the same intentions.  









 Yeah, "Christian Music" sucks, the Kirk Cameron specials suck. It all sucks and is not entertaining in the least. How is a non-believer suppose to watch crap like this and suddenly wanna be on board the baby train. 




 no, the second shots were bean bags. The initial shots were bullets. the man is dead.  









 My heart goes out to all families from every nation that lost someone, but at this point, its the media's obligation to move on. We have huge issues occurring throughout Eastern Europe and Russia, and by now, this plane is more of a distraction than anything else. Also, Joe Scarborough and all news people who blatantly won't stop talking when someone with something relevant is speaking should all be boiled in a pot of their own bullshit that spews from their mouths. 









 i love how its just like,  *bite*, "AHHHHHH!!!!" 




 Yes, question it. It will either strengthen your view or otherwise. I'm anticipating the former. 




 So last night it was planned by coworkers to go out for a birthday and get thoroughly drunk, as is common practice. 

Leading up to last night, I was feeling all these convictions that I needed to get away from that and just tell them I couldn't go. But I of course was afraid of their judgement of me, since I see them more than 40 hrs a week.

In the morning I was invited to a campus Christian ministry gathering and started to really feel convicted at that point to not participate in the later part of the day's activities.

I end up going out and we had all been drinking for about 4 hours at this point and randomly at the one bar, I run into an old Chrisitan friend. We immediately discuss things about Jesus and he begins telling me all about the low points he had been going through since I last saw him. Depression, guilt and thoughts of suicide. He had since gotten back on track but as we kept talking I felt more and more convicted to just leave the bar and my coworkers and just pray. 

So we end up going outside and praying for one another and now I'm
Going to attend his church this morning.

As I was driving home, I saw a guy hailing my car like a taxi and I picked him up, cuz what else better do I have to do at this point. 

We end up talking and I come to find out that he too had been struggling very hard with alcohol and we started to talk about Jesus. He explained to me about how far he had strayed away from his faith and how everything we were discussing came at the perfect timing of God, as he had no other explanation as to how we came together so specifically at this time at this place.

We prayed together and he and myself were so strengthen by Jesus that night. My coworkers may hate me for just leaving them, but that conviction to leave on whim had led me to someone God needed to build up that night (myself included). They may not understand me and may even shoot me down, but Jesus understands and I couldn't be more thankful to participate in the work God has provided. 




 yeah, i thought we were gonna play in the future. too bad they love MONEY so much! 









 Snoresville  




 "Shoots", what is this IGN? 




 Eeeeeeeevilllllllllllll 














 its better than the other ones 




 War is never good. Ever. Only to defend one's self. Our current occupation of Middle Eastern countries to combat "Terrorism" is a myth and strictly based on Corporate Imperial Consumerism.

We as a country need to take a stand now to ensure that our leaders in Washington never lead us into the horrors of War again. As for what we are involved in currently, we must bring an end to it.

Far too many of our young men and women are being destroyed physically and emotionally due to the exact same circumstances that your grandfather and all the men in this picture have experienced. We must take a stand.

 




 yeah, pastors need to be good examples but obviously they screw up to. let's just pray for him and show support. Show him the love of Christ's forgiveness.  




 Well, when your differing beliefs aren't actually found in the Bible, you can see where the discrepancy would arise.  




 Boner. 




 oh, maybe. didn't think of that i guess. my bad. But Catholicism has some pretty differing traditional beliefs generated by the church such as Purgatory, Confession to a Priest, and Praying to the Mother Mary, all of which are pretty different from conventional biblical beliefs.  




 Yeah, thats what I said.  




 how do we destroy them? 




 Because they're referring to the different sects and that is what Catholicism is, a different sect. Though for some reason, of all the seperate sects, Catholicism is the only one that would most likely correct someone that they're Catholic if called Christian. I personally feel there shouldn't be this amount of differation, it creates segregation and superiority complexes. 




 that feeling you get when you just wanna go there but can't 




 not at all. post 9/11 media conditioning. You are the Pavlovian dog of fucked up videos.   




 same exact thought, except expecting explosion. EX EX EX 




 Gilbert Gottfried  




 wish they woulda made the mech battles as good as Hawken 




 you're evil 




 haha I actually had to check the context of what I said to see if I came off gay lol. But no, I am not gay. My opinion is just, Jesus said "Don't cast your pearls to swine". As in, your most precious treasure lies in the truth that we find in the salvation of Jesus Christ (His life, sacrifice, and resurrection). All you can do is live that life style and present that truth to people, nothing more. If they deny you, you do what Jesus instructed us to do, "Wipe off the dirt and move on". We can't force the message of the Gospel down someone's throat if they have no desire to hear it. So when I hear a Christian say that our country or world has a homosexuality "issue", all I can do is giggle. Our entire world is cursed with Sin - none bigger or smaller in God's eyes. So for us to label something as a particular "issue", insinuating that it is something that can be eradicated through our own doing, would be rather insulting to God, don't you think? It's like stating that a certain cup filled with poison is more dangerous to drink than another particular cup holding the same type of poison. The size and shape may vary but the only difference is that some drink from one cup and someone else, another cup. We all drink the same poison and it all leads to death.  What I'm eluding to is that, we can't pick and choose Sins as greater, and more detrimental to Christianity as a whole. The only way to lead others to LOVE, is to demonstrate love through our actions. Christ showed this through his life. He interacted with all sinners, acknowledging that all have equally fallen from the righteous that God demands. We must follow this example and love all those outside of Christ's forgiveness equally. 




 Yeah, I just really don't feel like "Gay Issues" are an issue in this country. A person will choose what they want to be either way. You can only control your own life choices. Not your kids, not your significant other's, not anybody else's - just your own.  




 I still have dreams about my dogs being alive quite often. The first portion of the dream is me freaking out that they're alive again. Then I wake up. One day when we fall asleep from this life and wake up to the Lord we will see them again. 




 alright, headed back to r/gaming 














 source vid! 




 It's Steve Harvey....who gives a shat about his opinion.  




 im on bordd 




 Male doesn't want to raise his kid, pays child support - Deadbeat

Female doesn't want to raise her kid, kills it - Pro-choice
 




 me 4 









 Smoking never hurt anyone :D 




 did you also all buy the same hair cut? 




 "Suck my fuckin' Cock" 




 I'm on it. Should I start with playing video games or watching anime? 




 Yeah, it's kind of cute. But also kinda dooshy - like Caillou  




 I think its smart for them to wait, primarily at that point more people will have next generation consoles and ready to purchase the game.  




 Wow, you guys don't watch all the stuff I watch and understand every aspect my finite and limited world view?...Amateurs... 




 Mind. Blown. Plane crash 




 I'm in.  




 downvote spree! 




 fantastic use of ambient light. 




 Reddit is full of liars. No one is that retarded.  




 Debatable 




 I usually read the comments first to see if there's a summary of information. Unfortunately I'm the only one around. Guess I better get to work.  




 BC - an open world game where you would've played as a cave man along side prehistoric beasts. A gem that was lost in time with the Xbox. 




 That guy immediately falls to his knees in worship 




 well we hope you like it too 




 [Hmm...](http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/dont_believe_you_anchorman.gif) 




 that places looks like the future 




 Wow, he painted his toes... Cool story braj. 




 And SCENE. good job, Reddit. 




 Romans 8:31-39
New Living Translation (NLT)
Nothing Can Separate Us from Gods Love

31 What shall we say about such wonderful things as these? If God is for us, who can ever be against us? 32 Since he did not spare even his own Son but gave him up for us all, wont he also give us everything else? 33 Who dares accuse us whom God has chosen for his own? No onefor God himself has given us right standing with himself. 34 Who then will condemn us? No onefor Christ Jesus died for us and was raised to life for us, and he is sitting in the place of honor at Gods right hand, pleading for us.

35 Can anything ever separate us from Christs love? Does it mean he no longer loves us if we have trouble or calamity, or are persecuted, or hungry, or destitute, or in danger, or threatened with death? 36 (As the Scriptures say, For your sake we are killed every day; we are being slaughtered like sheep.[a]) 37 No, despite all these things, overwhelming victory is ours through Christ, who loved us.

38 And I am convinced that nothing can ever separate us from Gods love. Neither death nor life, neither angels nor demons,[b] neither our fears for today nor our worries about tomorrownot even the powers of hell can separate us from Gods love. 39 No power in the sky above or in the earth belowindeed, nothing in all creation will ever be able to separate us from the love of God that is revealed in Christ Jesus our Lord. 




 lol 









 Yeah, but I think he's referring to wrongful condemnation. When you condemn someone for something that is just generally silly to be condemning for and not edifying to the person or God or leading that person to God.

I think it's okay to condemn the wrongful condemners because in reality, you are just trying to spread the truth as you perceive in the light of Christ's teachings.

 He is attempting to disclose that the condemnation that he sees others bringing upon others is not "in love" - when Jesus did and told us to do everything in love.  




 Or....we all are.... O_o 




 You will always have smelly poor people. I will only be around for a little bit longer, bro.  




 really no need to go to war haha 




 yyyikes 




 cool. wish i woulda beat that game. its almost too big to jump back into it 




 hijack. Here we go again. Another post on the most popular subreddit around about how Russia is bad, mkayyyy. This in no sways MY opinion! We must think for ourselves! End the circlejerk today! 




 I'm not a fan of reading the article, I just like the titles. up vote for democracy  




 Remember Me 




 Well I don't know about Jews supporting Israel. Because American Jews hate everyone equally, including themselves. But yes, I do hate being called anti-Semite. It's the penultimate racial card. 



















 yeah i get it, it's been renewed for 3 more seasons. w/evs ok? 




 yeah, ive seen the show. real funny 




 10 - Man in wheelchair falls into his joint and he smokes his wheelchair essence, rendering him without the ability to wheelchair. Man left to his own devices.  




 May God rest your soul for revealing the truth. Good bye, old friend.  




 isis? 




 right?... 




 Can't wait till he tears someone's throat out and no one gets in trouble. 




 DMTTTTTTT, mehhhhhh, everything is explained by a mindless word and chemicallll, mehhhhhh 




 You belittled the motherfucker who just died by the hands of 5 cops. You called him a fat ass who died by his own doing. You have no opinion here if you can't see whats right in front of you. 




 The fuck are you sayin man? You are literally out of your damn mind if you think what you just said is truth. 




 Yeah, you put it in a deep sleep and press your sonar gadget to wake it up when you need it to defend you...also, notice in the trailer there was a particular bat-like appendage that came down and hit the pavement around 2:07. Looks like Godzirra is gonna be fighting something... 




 movie qual 




 Why do the soldiers blindly obey commands? 




 If it ain't free, it ain't me. 




 The one that circlejerks about gaycats 




 well, seeing as im one of the first. its hard to hide among the crowd 




 Depends on one's interpretation of death as a "bad thing". To some Christian's, death, while trusting in Jesus as their Savior from sins, is actually the best possible scenario because then they would be taken to Heaven with Jesus.   




 Word up! 




 At one point I think the game dropped below 5 fps. Or maybe........4 fps. FPS means Foopas Per Scrotum^2 , right? 




 Thanks dude, same to you. Wanna read my short story so far and give me constructive criticism? If so, shoot me your email and I'll send you the doc.  




 I guess, I'm not even sure what we're talking about at this point. 




 The context is referring to John the Baptist. He lived in the wilderness and was a voice preparing people for the coming Messiah, Jesus. Pretty straight forward there. Not sure where you're pulling these differing interpretations from. 




 I don't see how those two lines vary. 




 So a friend from school just photoshopped this stupid picture 




 Maybe me and the Rothschilds could swoop in and set up a nice little banking system for ya? Whaddaya sayyyy? 




 I'm just saying, our existence, spiritual, fleshly or otherwise operate along the same patterns and laws as was originally breathed into being. As time has progressed, different vocabulary and interpretations have been generated to explain similar operations. There can only ever be one truth, but the Fallen Ones only purpose until judgement day is to lead mankind in the direction of deception. The theory of aliens, though feasible within an evolutionary view point, does not seem to correlate with the Biblical scripture that we hold as The Creator's Word. The incidences in which "extraterrestrial" and "extra-dimensional" entities have been experienced tend to share many qualities with that of conjuration and demonic activity: The use of channeling, sexual abuse and penetration, as well as modes in which they traverse (in and out of the space-time continuum or otherwise). I am only presenting these things to you that you not fall into confusion should you be alive when this day comes. Keep your eyes to the Heavens and be prepared for the return of our Lord, Jesus Christ - today and tomorrow.  




 Most likely Inter dimensional angelic hosts will pose as aliens as in to deceive the human populace with hopes of reusable energy and longevity of life. 




 gaygay* 




 wtf? i didn't even hear about this game once?  




 Depending on the size of the round that passes through the wall, the speed at which it passes, though not making direct contact with his face has the ability to shear tissue indirectly if within close enough proximity.  




 LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOPYOURPEEPEEOFF 




 yeah, it made no sense how he went from this rugged, stout, battle scarred 50 year old to this panther-like kid with 6 pack abs. Not sure who green lit that who idea, just so they could "use their new motion capture and facial recognition tech" 




 Yeah, it's so hard to overlook. Michael Ironside made you feel like a badass 














 go home denz, you're drunk 




 max payne 3 is fun to kill people with the kill cam 




 *Being* "Republican" or "Democrat" is exactly what's wrong with our political system. Our issues are never just Black and White...unless it's Pokemon 









 wow. just amazing. 




 Is there a subreddit devoted to GOG deals? 




 Bobbyyyy 




 the fuck is wrong with people 




 Soul snatching brought to you by the Illuminati. 




 yeah, what would be the point of changing its name anyway? 




 "Dang it, /u/unixdrone4life ! You get off that darned /r/conspiracy right now and come rub my feet, or you can't circlejerk to cats for a month!" 









 didn't read it 




 and 100% off on bit torrent :D 




 http://imgur.com/G8fL5lj 




 I don't see why it would be weird if civilizations made it to different locations. They all got places somehow before, so I imagine it wouldn't be out of the question to go back to other regions in the world. 




 top 5 all time cinematography 




 thank you 




 I liked Freddy Got Fingered 




 "...and a good wife."

Caught me off guard, in a good way. 




 freakin Juno.... 




 true 




 I get it, and he sounds like he's got his head on straight but the statements that he gives have been said since and before the gospels have existed.  




 I'm so confused why the words of the Pope hold so much weight? 




 st ay wi th ch ri st , friend  




 not sure some 18 year old self entitled pop star punk kid is very high on my "issues" list... 




 There's riots going on in Ukraine and we concern ourselves with a silly little girlboy...Christ we are deceived.  




 that autistic girl loves it 




 Before you do anything that might harm yourself. Go on an adventure and travel. Go find yourself and who you are. If this is possible, you may return with a new perspective on life and God. I'll pray right now.  




 So now what? 




 lol molestable 




 here's what we do. We go back in time. convince everyone that the last generation of gaming is the latest and greatest, but our machines are so strong they can handle up to 4 player local multiplayer like the good ole'
 dayz! win win 




 Bcuz i thot teh internetz waz freeeee 




 yess yessss 




 why is that good? 




 yees 




 ....and what?? 




