 In 3rd grade my friend and I would give each other blowjobs after seeing porn for the first time... We're both males. 




 WHY DIDN'T I THINK OF THIS. GENIUS!! 




 Hannah Montana 




 My mom's giving away all my childhood toys to charity. I know I'm way too old to be playing with those toys but I can't help but feel empty... it feels like she's giving my childhood away :( 




 Look at the bright side of things! Take time to enjoy college life and hang out with friends. Chances are you'll be missing college when you graduate. 




 I can relate to your social anxiety as sometimes I would have trouble speaking whats on my mind without worrying what other people think of me. It got better for me, however, when I learned to stop giving a shit about what other people think of me and to speak what's on my mind even if I do sound like a fool. Just remember, people aren't very judgemental about what you say and generally they'll forget it in a while. It's better to say what's on your mind then keep it inside. Good luck! 




 I had sort of a similar situation with one of my friends in high school but it was nowhere as extreme as yours and we weren't as close as you and your friend. It started off similarly, a new girl transfered to my high school and had similar interests (ex: league of legends, anime, manga). We seemed to be pretty close for a while and then things started to fall apart as she met new people. I began to notice it at the beginning of junior year when she didn't invite me to her birthday party. Since then I've talked to her less and less to the point where I can hardly consider her a friend anymore, much rather as an acquaintance or simply a classmate. Like you, I was taken aback by this and I spent a while trying to restore the relationship but it wasn't the same. In your case, I think you should just move on and meet new people and make new friends. If she's that inconsiderate to your opinions and wishes maybe you should reevaluate your friendship with her. It probably hurts to cut ties with her but it's probably for the best. Keep in mind as painful as it is, friendships don't always last forever... 




 If you can't bring yourself to stop cheating then it would be best to end the relationship right now. It might sound horrible, but it would save you from the eventual drama later on when she does find out. It's not too late though, swear and committ to yourself you won't cheat on your girlfriend or SO ever again. Stay true to your promise and things will get better! 




 I made a vow to myself that I'll never use the same child rearing tactics my parents had used on me. 




 I get the same feeling when I finish watching a good anime. 




 I feel you dude. My mom is exactly like you, except she criticizes me mostly on school or academics. Ever since I was a kid, I've never had a social life. It was always study, study, study.... or practice the violin. Things got exponentially worse when I went into middle school. All of a sudden, it seemed like if I didn't receive an A (90 or higher) I would be a total failure for the rest of my life. In fact in 6th grade she whipped me with my dad's belt and locked *and* blocked the door so I couldn't run. Aside from that, there are multiple instances where they threaten to disown me if I didn't reach their expectations or they would say I would be better off dead so I can't disgrace them further. Honestly I've learned to deal with (mostly my mom's) bullshit. She's also incredibly bipolar, sometimes she'll be in a good mood but when she's in a bad mood, every little thing would piss her off. Something as small as spilling a glass of water would make her scream at you for at least an hour. As for my social life, I'm only allowed to hang out with my friends "occasionally" (once or twice every year). I'm not allowed to play any video games (last time she found out she was hitting me with a chair). I'm not allowed to watch T.V which is impossible anyways because she canceled our cable service back when I was in 7th grade. Luckily for me, she made my father try to monitor what I'm doing on the internet but they both suck at using computers or technology in general so they don't know about incognito. Honestly, the only thing that keeps me going is knowing that the future will be better when I can move out. Until then, I have to keep up with this. You're not alone dude :) and I'm sure this is common for A LOT of asians out there. Sometimes it can be hard to keep your emotions inside (in fact I'm letting my anger out right now) but just do well not for the sake of them but for the sake of yourself! 




 My junior health teacher told me this in high school: "You don't need to have all the answers when you're 16-18, it's perfectly fine if you don't know what you want to do in the future." I wish people would acknowledge this instead of constantly pressuring teens to do well in school, acting like their whole life depends on a couple of numbers. I understand school is important but people overexaggerate the impact high school will have on your life. If people had told me this sooner, maybe I wouldn't have been so depressed and confused. 




 I have around 51 hours on terraria from a while back when I used to play a lot 




 HI! I played Terraria a while ago. I'm just getting back into it. If anyone wants to set up a brand new terraria server and create a new character to start fresh! I'd be glad to play with you. My steam name is theguyhiding! 




 OMG I reacted the same way back when I was 13!! 




 so the dick and balls penetrated both her eyes and mouth? 




 Well make a mercedes for the link skill, it's useful :D and mercedes are a fun class nonetheless. 




 Wind Archer or Mercedes! Wild Hunter is also pretty good and common right now.  




 Add me xDKnightzx1. I'm not exactly a low level but I'm willing to help you on some boss runs! 




 Aww that sucks :( I was hoping you guys would actually do a 180 and start dating each other. I like surprise happy endings like that hahaha. But people go their seperate ways and friendships do eventually erode. Nonetheless, I'm glad you seem both of you guys seem to be happy :D 




 Regardlessly, even if you didn't directly caused his suicide, you should still feel some guilt or at least some remorse for his death. While I understand that he was trying to hit on your girlfriend in front of you, you should've never said "go kill yourself". Those words especially could be the trigger for some people to actually committ suicide. You never know what they're feeling and what they're going through.  




 I liked the twist at the end :D. I wonder if you guys are friends now? Both of you seem to be on much friendlier terms. It's also cute to see how she developed a crush on you. Maybe you guys should go out sometime :) 




 I'm going through this right now. I just finished watching HxH 2011 and I don't know what to do with my life right now. The feeling of emptiness and nothingness is the worst part. Now I have to find another enjoyable anime to binge watch to take my mind off of things :(. I hate this endless vicious cycle... 




 Pitou would probably have to use Terpischora to break free but she can't because that requires Nen. I think Pitou even with her raw strength wouldn't be able break free of it. Youpi is physically strong but is he stronger than Uvogin? Keep in mind in terms of raw physical power Uvogin ranks the highest out of the whole Phantom Troupe and he even he was powerless against the Nen chains Kurapika conjured. 




 I'm not exactly sure if they would be able to break free of those Nen chains. Kurapika used it on Uvogin and he was struggling greatly and he didn't even manage to loosen the chains one bit. Also the chains I believe inhibits the person trapped from using Nen so that means the Royal Guards would have to use their innate physical strength. I think Kurapika at that point would have a good chance to defeat them. The harder part would actually be getting the chains onto them... 









 1. I remember watching the very first episode of HxH 2011 a few years ago, I didn't like it all that much so I put it aside. Fast forward to two months ago, I decided to restart it and I LOVED IT! My love for HxH particularly started around episode 3 when they started the actual first phase of the Hunter Exam.
2. The first episode may be a bit "underwhelming" and a bit like the typical shounen cliche especially with how Gon and his dream of becoming a hunter reminded me of Naruto's dream of becoming a Hokage lol. Then when the actual phases of the Hunter Exam started it was awesome and definitely not underwhelming anymore.
3. Shounen is probably my favorite genre or a close second since I also like Romance/Slice of Life animes too. HxH, I feel is an exception from most Shounen animes I've seen. The storytelling for one is much more fluent than the storytelling of other shounens. Also in HxH there isn't one character that seemed incredibly overpowered and strong like Goku in DBZ. (Maybe Mereum but Netero helped balanced it).
4. I found this show simply by scrolling through a list of popular animes on Crunchyroll.  




 Beautifully well done! I love the details you added to Alluka. Overall excellent sculpture!! May I ask how long sculpting the whole thing took? 




 Applicable to women: "How much do you weigh?" 




 Hisoka might be overhyped just a bit tho
 




 LOL Niagara Falls coming out of Hisokas pants 




 Nice explanation! That's what I was thinking before too :D! 




 fight her as a team
 




 This is assuming all of them used their full strength. 




 I'm looking to start fresh on a new server, maybe on Windia, after I level my Dark Knight to 200. We can play together if you'd like :D 









 You could send me a 10k nx code if you'd like also :D. I could use some extra character slots too! 




 I really like your example of the Butterfly Effect! It reminded me a lot of the anime, Steins;Gate.  




 Said no one ever.
 




 I have a few questions. What map in BH do you use as a training area? My Dark Knight is lvl 195, would it still give good exp? 




 Does Black Heaven really give good exp? 














 Amidst all the sexual NSFW stories other people posted, your post is the only one that doesn't contain the word "sex" or "masturbate" in it. Good job!! 




 500 Days of Summer!!! 




 ITT: Crazy Yuno Gasai girls 




 The SAT Blue Book 




 OMG they killed Kenny! You bastards!!! 




 OMG MY EXACT THOUGHTS!! 




 Yeah! I'm interested, I'm on scania though... 




 Yeah he's a pretty decent president, definitely not completely terrible but not revolutionary either. People just like to blame him for everything since they can't blame it on any other politician.  




 Ah, that makes sense! On a side note, I hope Gon finds his dad sometime soon! 




 I see, thanks!
 




 Yes I'm looking forward to seeing more of this arc! I liked the Yorknew City Arc as well. Another question, what happened to Chrollo? Why didn't he return back to the Phantom Troupe? I know Kurapika put that chain around his heart but other than that what's stopping him from going back to the Troupe? 




 I just got up to the Greed Island Arc and I don't quite understand the rules? Do you leave the island when you collect the 100 cards that are part of the restricted card slots inside the book? 




 Probably going to be buried but oh well...

I've been friends with my best friend since I was in 3rd grade. What brought us together was our shared interest in video games and the fact that we're pratically neighbors. While we're still friends, we don't have the same camaraderie that we shared years ago. Since high school we went sort of on our own separate ways. He hangs out with other people and he spends more time with his girlfriend than with me. Looking back, that was one of the worst feelings I've ever experienced. Seeing the distance grow between you and your best friend is utterly terrible, especially knowing that no matter how hard you try, your relationship with him won't ever be the same. But thats part of life and it's one of the few things I've managed to come to terms with.  




