 Or "I'd like to pass on answering that question." 




 Mexico is opposed to nationals being murdered in foreign countries not on its native soil. 




 Looking to the future Vint Cerf is seeing the computer as a possible obstacle for future historians. 




 Did anyone expect a different outcome? 




 I post this article to stir discussion. I do not agree with the author on everything in this story.

I take particular objection to the authors assessment of seasoned journalists. We are not lazy nor hacks. There are good and bad journalists of all ages. Flat out statements about the abilities or inabilities of older journalists are ageist.
 




 Being snarky certainly does not add anything to the discussion. Please try to be constructive. 




 So the stupid days are over? I didn't know. 




 In some subreddits an offensive user name is enough to get you banned. Individuals have to really consider what their user name says to others. 




 Racial/heritage slurs are not appropriate at NTO 




 Please look at the same site's section on [cruelty in the Bible.](http://www.skepticsannotatedbible.com/cruelty/long.html)

By your logic Christianity/Judaism are inherently violent. 




 The idea that a trained professional (police officer) can not tell if someone is disoriented, is either a training failure or a person not suited to be a peace officer.  




 Thanks for your comment. I have been where you are. I really admire your ability to keep your focus. It is so easy to lose hope. 

Keep looking for that job, no matter what it is. One day that phone will ring. 




 The headline says 5,000 the article says 5 million. 




 It just showed up. 




 This is the best [pic](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-cambridgeshire-31085336) I could find. 




 Sounds good to me. 




 Please blame the article, it is the first sentence. 




 Thanks for understanding. 




 Then the fault does not lie with the writer but the editor who read this story and could not find fault with the obit as written. 




 It is the opening paragraph. Please do not try to defend this poorly written obit for sake of being a contrarian.  




 So what do they think about Marie Le Pen and the PEDIGA movement? 




 It is only six words in the most important sentence of the obit.  




 Their mother is a hamster and their father smells of elderberries.

Go away or we'll taunt you a second time. 




 Having also worked in newspapers you have to wonder why this obit had to be written on the fly. 




 Another article critical of The Australian's obit was [written by the Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/jan/30/colleen-mcculloch-well-celebrate-a-woman-for-anything-as-long-as-its-not-her-talent?CMP=share_btn_fb) 




 We are still number one in bankers who avoid criminal prosecutions. 




 Had no idea. Sorry. 




 These announcements are pre-written news stories. Thy are intended to run as is by local news media outlets. The idea is so bad that after being questioned by the news media Gov. Pence is backing off his proposal. 




 It took a couple of seconds but it just loaded for me. 




 They needed more than closure they needed justice. 




 When providers refuse to upgrade services because of geographic location or economic status the issue becomes political and the president has the obligation to defend those being disenfranchised.  




 What restrictions are being placed on providers from providing cheap, fast internet? Oh right, companies want you to pay extra for faster speeds. The problem isn't the government but the providers. 




 I suggest [First Unitarian Universalist Church of Columbus](http://firstuucolumbus.org/) for their warm and open approach. The church does not discriminate against alternative lifestyles. The UU certainly is not preachy. 

I am not a member but I go there on occasion.  




 How has that worked so far? 




 It amazes me that it took 75 years to right this historic wrong. Many of the doctorates may have been been awarded to victims of the Holocaust.
 




 Black sheriff killed by white survivalist, if the the roles were reversed do you think there would have been charges? You know the answer would be yes. 




 The wikipedia article makes no claims that the group has training facilities in the US. The article also makes it clear that the group does not appear on any US terror list. So I'm not sure this proves your point. 




 You insult journalism and journalism schools when you use those terms in the same sentence with Neil Cavuto. 




 And what did these calls have to do with terrorism? So now the US admits tracking calls to stop "terrorist attacks" and to look for supposed drug dealers.  




 So FXCM is too big to fail? 




 Facts and evidence just confuse the issue. /s 




 I want no executions. American exceptionalism doesn't mean we get to be worse than the next guy. 




 I think former host Mike Huckabee is more their cup of tea. 




 We know who isn't getting the Faux News endorsement. 




 Fascinating historical tidbit that I never really thought about. 




 Comments that come off as racist do not further the discussion.  




 They have little recourse if they are not willing to play hard ball. Every bill needs to have an amendment added to it to block the house SS change. Those not willing to vote to go back to the old rules should be made to pay at the voting booth. 




 Sorry. I looked for another submission on this issue and didn't find one. 




 Having lived in NY, I feel no safer knowing that police officers are using illegal chokeholds to subdue suspects.

I do feel the use of this illegal tactic has been used on suspects who have committed minor offenses. The end result is the police are being criminal in trying to capture "criminals." 




 It was not Iraq that didn't agree to a status of forces agreement but the US. The US didn't not want its forces to be subject to local laws. 




 So lets collectively punish all Muslims for the actions of a very few. The problem is when people talk in absolutes which allows them to blame everyone when only a few are guilty. 




 This is Rupert Murdoch, he believes the only unjustified violence is the violence he doesn't support . 




 No, they will just ignore the ruling. As we all know the police believe themselves to be above the law.  




 Thanks. It looks like NASA saw the Nordgren posters and created their own versions. 




 What next federal hate crime protection for white nationalists? 




 Happy cake day 




 This settlement is was less than Shell would have paid if the the spill happened in Europe or North America. 




 From Wikipedia about Byrd's record after his vote on the 1964 Civil Rights Act:

For the 20032004 session, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP)[62] rated Byrd's voting record as being 100 percent in line with the NAACP's position on the 33 Senate bills they evaluated. 16 other senators received that rating. In June 2005, Byrd proposed an additional $10 million in federal funding for the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Memorial in Washington, D.C., remarking that, "With the passage of time, we have come to learn that his Dream was the American Dream, and few ever expressed it more eloquently."
 




 The difference is that Robert Byrd renounced his KKK past and became an advocate for civil rights.   




 It's amazing how powerful the left is according to some. They have the ability to convince 98 percent of climate scientists with a totally false theory. /s 

Sometimes when everyone agrees it is not a conspiracy but the truth. 




 What Bush's actions say to me is there is fire below the smoke. 




 Thanks for the heads up. 




 Kinshasa 




 We have to remember Duke was Republican Party official and a Republican State Rep. in the late 80s and early 90s. Prior to that he had run and failed to win office as a Dem. 




 The mysterious death of a UN official who was taking the world out of the era of colonialism is bound to raise questions. Hammarskjold death was as shocking to the world as the assassination of JFK that happened two years later.

EDITED: grammar 




 It does matter. Just like it mattered to reexamine the assassinations US President John F Kennedy and Swedish PM Olaf Palme.  




 This plane crash stunned the world 50 years ago. Questions stlll remain about what really happened. This investigation may help clear the air. 




 Speculators are always moved by real news stories. The problem is when speculators take nonexistent or inconsequential news and manipulate the market to increase their profits. 




 Especially when they are protecting their patronage networks. 




 Why does every reply have to go back to the old sexist adage that women are bad drivers? Can we get past the silly notion or are you deep down as sexist as Saudi society.  




 Failing to file court records is not an everyday occurrence. Why were papers not filed? Has there been any punishment for the person or persons who made the error? Have there been other instances of failing to file paperwork with the court? Who was in charge of the investigation?

Just a couple of beginning questions to get to the truth about this "paperwork" error. 




 Five finger discount. The real question is why isn't this process computerized. To some this is exactly the reason not to computerize these records. 




 If you listen to BP the Gulf has been cleaned and they are the saviors of the environment. 




 So your saying law enforcement went ahead with a wiretap without legal authorization or as the article says they had authorization and the document no longer exists. I think the latter seems more plausible. 




 Please keep your comments focused on Economics not your personal opinions about immigration. 




 Even if your reading is correct, some of those services being provided by private contractors has been security. That security included protection for high value targets. 

About your insult about getting my skills from Faux News, I can assure you during my 30 year reporting career I have never been employed by Murdoch interests.

EDITED; Please read the story before commenting

Still, the preparations to increase the number of contractors - who can be responsible for everything from security to vehicle repair and food service - underscores Obama's growing commitment in Iraq 




 The government isn't allowed to ask for larger fines when the oil industry is reaping windfall profits. In this case some of the excess profits were the result of the disaster BP caused. 




 Many of those who came before the current immigrants snuck under fences, used false documents, extended their stays indefinitely and were not recognized as illegals. However when their skin is brown it is easier to equate the new immigrants as being other and not no one of us. 




 That will benefit a non-first world country. 




 Sending a private army to Iraq is more than providing military advisers. Supplying a proxy army is just providing US boots on the ground without military uniforms. 




 Do you call your friends working off the books illegal workers? i don't think so. Those who are emigrating to the US are no more illegal that than those who came before them, the Italians, Jews, Irish, Eastern Europeans, Chinese and others. 




 Five million workers doing the jobs the vast majority of documented workers will not take

Five million workers who are exploited by unscrupulous employers

Five million workers who often pay taxes through their paychecks but are denied benefits like other workers. 




 Is that why Brand is continuing to make public appearances as a celebrity (musician/comedian)? 




 Russell Brand is a comedian by profession, while Beck is a pundit and leader of a movement. I don't see the equivalence. 




 BP says it has paid $14 billion to cleanup the Gulf. Just because you fix your mistake doesn't mean you shouldn't be fined for causing the damage in the first place. 




 The fine seems low to me. 




 History repeats itself but there is no savior for Russia. 




 Usually a DA would choose a story line and present it the grand jury. In this case all the testimony was presented without guidance which had the outcome that no one could agree on what happened. This made the no bill of indictment the most likely outcome. 




 Chris Hayes on MSNBC is talking about the chart tonight for some additional insight. The clip in not up on the web at this time. 




 How does killing a US official "support" anyone's reelection campaign? Please don't answer the question is rhetorical. 

 




 For those wanting a bettr source please [check out this article in the LA Times.](http://www.latimes.com/science/sciencenow/la-sci-sn-a-rhinohorse-india-20141120-story.html)

Thanks to /u/Athterath for the tip. 




 I'm sorry I forget racism is not politics. 




 Not a fix but a fib. 




 Plague is still around and is treatable with modern medicines if caught quickly. The disease is extremely contagious. There are a number of cases in the US Southwest every year.

EDIT: It is not contagious but rather carried by fleas which are rampant in areas with plague.  




 Certainly you do not mean 300 million Walmart shoppers in the US. [The entire population of the US is under 320 million.](http://www.census.gov/popclock/) 




 I thought it could be borderline. Thanks for the heads up.  




 [Here is a link to the journal](http://mct.aacrjournals.org/content/early/recent) with the info on getting the article at the bottom of the page. 




 Stripping the young women is an act of shaming them. This would certainly send a message to these women not to wear mini-skirts. It also sends the message that women need to be controlled by society (men). 




 I'm sorry that I double posted. I put the URL of every submission into Reddit's search engine to make sure that my post is an original. For some reason it doesn't always work on BBC stories. 




 No, conspiracy to evade safety laws. 




 "To prove I"m not racist I didn't use the N***** word." /s 




 I don't think so. [BP's profit in 2013 was 15 billion almost enough to cover the fine.](http://www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/bp/financials) This does not take into account the 40 billion BP set aside for the Deepwater Horizon disaster. 




 This is a way to get mine owners to pay up or go to jail. Now I wish someone could turn their attention to bankers. 




 Barbour: "I always use racial slurs when talking about the President of the US." /s 




 Barbour: "I always use racial slurs when talking about the President of the US." /s 




 Nestle is an adherent of the old adage "there is no bad publicity." 




 If President Obama had made a strong defense of net neutrality before the midterm election would we be facing a Republican control Congress? A Congress which is in the hip pocket of the cable/telecommunications industry.  




 However, no one is going to jail. 




 I am also a poll worker and I love that it has made you feel more connected to the political process. 




 Yes, people should give up their right to chose their representatives and let Christian fundamentalists, right-wing bigots and the 1% chose for them. That sounds like a good idea. /s 




 It is hard not to be pessimistic when the Ohio Democratic Party is such a woeful mess. The answer is to turn the ODP into a real party that is seriously interested in winning elections. 




 The problem was not Redfern's personality but his failure to professionalize the the party's operation and his inability to have a vision for building the Democratic Party. The party has not had anyone in charge with a real vision since at least the 1980s. 




 Please see the [article from the BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-29859942) to understand how 100,000 people could be involved in this protest. 




 Ebola doesn't effect just people over the age of 21.  




 Tell that to the millions of senior citizens who receive Medicare which has  lowered the poverty rate for the elderly. 




 Given the arsenal displayed in Ferguson, I have to wonder what new military toys St. Louis County has picked up now. The money I'm sure would have been better spent f it was used to relieve economic poverty in the county. 




 That is if you don't include mental defects. 




 However, the historical complaint is that Rasmussen is pro-Republican. 




 I don't think Brownback would have mentioned the timing of the poll if it
showed him in the lead. 




 Thanks. I didn't see that. 




 The Battle of Vimy Ridge in 1917 is considered to be a pivotal moment in Canadas history. It was the first time that all four Canadian divisions of the Canadian Expeditionary Force fought together in the First World War and is seen by some as the time that Canadians started to see themselves as an independent nation and not a colony of Great Britain 




 I think that is a first world problem. 




 NOAA says the globe averaged 60.3 degrees Celsius last month  the hottest September ever going back through 135 years of record-keeping

That would be 140 degrees Fahrenheit. Daily Caller should know that would be a world record. What else is wrong in the story? 




 That includes the smoke shop owners. 




 That is correct. Do you want Iraq politics for $400. 




 Basically the Iraq PM is telling the Sunnis as long as ISIS doesn't encroach on Shiite lands they are on their in fighting the so-called Islamic State. 




 I love learning bout historical details of events I never knew happened. While this is not a major event it certainly is unique. 




 There is no need for anyone on Reddit to play devils advocate. The devil does it quite well by its self. 




 The US may do better dropping $500,000 in bills. 




 Spoken like someone who has never worked at minimum wage after being a teenager. 

There should be no job where your wage cannot provide you with a living wage. No one should need public assistance if they are working for 40 hours. Government should not subsidize low paying industries. 




 But I thought McCain criticized the president for having too many czars. The Surgeon General has not been approved by Congress because of criticism by the NRA. 




 I was out of work for a year in an industry which was consolidating. Yes i networked and even move to another city where I had more contacts. I was a finalist for two jobs and both fell through. 

I did stay in the job and remain there. I now make more than the minimum wage.

I find your questions having to justify my existence demeaning and insulting.  




 I made high five figures. I lost my job and needed a new job immediately. I started at quarter above minimum wage. I must have done something wrong under your logic. 




 Is getting laid off their fault? Is getting sick their fault? Is losing a relationship? 




 Yes those people chose poverty over making more money. /s

That is one of the most shortsighted views that I have ever seen on Reddit. 




 Tell that to the middle age women working in Walmart or the elderly man working at McDonalds. Please get your facts straight. 




 Tell that the victims who survived Ebola because of the work of these nurses. 




 These new documents seems to add new evidence to the long running debate about Oppenheimer's loyalty to the US. 




 The Koch brothers. 




 La Liga was betting that the threat to tossed the team out of the league would get them to withdraw their support. La Liga seems to have gotten it wrong. 




 Once again a false equivalence argument is being used to excuse the actions of the GOP. Because some Democrats may use the same tactics as the GOP it doesn't excuse the Republican campaign of fear and intimidation. 




 Why aren't the companies who caused the health problems not paying the bill? 




 HuffPost was the first site to post this story. I am not a fan but you go with the news you get. 




 It would help if someone could translate this story. 




 Four point five million is just the price of doing business to a major driller. This will do little or nothing to cleanup the environmental damage done by drillers. 




 I wonder if the French Tea Party crowd are constitutional fundamentalists like their US counterparts? The French constitution is more socially liberal than the US constitution. 




 Also an oil spill would take everyone's mind off the Ebola crisis./s 




 [Yes](http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/business/2014/09/26/chiquita-revises-inversion-deal/16256989/) and a monopoly on the world's banana supply is the topping on the cake. 




 So conspiracists are to blame for the assassinations of JFK, MLK , RFK and others. /s 




 What Marx missed was the corruption of the lower classes by giving them excess cash to get them to buy into the system. Meanwhile, the rich were taking most of the money and securing their advantage for decades/centuries to come. 




 I don't think hedge fund managers work any harder than construction workers but their pay is wildly different. They both have different skill sets but but that doesn't explain the disparity in their wages. Some hedge fund managers make eight figure salaries. 




 Thanks for clearing PO Wilson before all the evidence is in. /s 




 Do you have a medical license? I love how people decide that those using medical marijuana are fakers who just want to get high. Proof please. 




 I am not sure you understand how people become eligible for medical marijuana. These are not teenagers but people with actual medical conditions. 




 These shareholders bought into Freddie and Fannie after 2008 in the hopes that they would recapture the dividend the Maes had not paid during the  Great Recession. These hedge funds were banking on shareholders being paid back before the government. 




 This is new information about how far the US was willing to go to combat the "domino theory." 




 I thought the chart was good even if it was not the definitive dataset that proves the world economies are about to collapse. 




 That was the title on the article. I know there is more than one chart but I tend to go with the story's title or the first sentence in the article. 




 However, every year during the switchover there are these emergency refinery shutdowns in enough separate locations to cause the price of gasoline to spike even higher than expected.  




 This same problem happens every year yet the refiners seem unable to solve the problem. The net result is prices rise on short supply and the refiners reap larger profits. 




 Abbas does recognize Israel and is not lobbing anything into Israel. He is the head of state recognized by Israel and the world. What's the issue? 




 Here is Stewart's take on the [Faux News attack on women in the military.](http://thedailyshow.cc.com/videos/b7hxzd/the-way-we-war) 




 There is always collateral damage in a war. /s 




 Here is a story from the [Daily Caller calling MSNBC sexist.](http://dailycaller.com/2011/05/26/msnbc-is-a-cesspool-of-misogyny/) 




 And if this was said on NBC or CBS News the right would be calling for immediate resignations even if it was on a show like Today or CBS Morning. 




 Asking for ID is not the issue but the restrictions on the type of ID required to prove you are who you are. 




 But if the open carry advocate was black would the result have been different? Setting aside the fact that an African-American open carry advocate would not do this alone because of the danger. 




 Would the police have fired if the guy with he gun was an open carry advocate? Almost everyone would say no. Then why did the police shoot in this instance? 




 That is because a selected video clip is the one that was released to the public not the full video. There has been a demand to see all the tapes as well as a full tape of the shooting which has not been made available to the public. 




 You have obviously seen the video. If you have not you are making facts up. 




 Marco Rubio is a Cuban-American. 




 Lets chip everyone in the US to avoid a crime committed by less than .001 percent of the public. /s 




 This is the basic thought process that leads to a myriad of Obama conspiracy theories.  




 He is running to the right of Hillary on foreign policy which is tough to do in the Democratic Party. 




 You are correct. In this case the opposition has gone beyond the bounds to blame the president for domestic violence in the NFL. This is how conspiracy theories are born. 1+1 does not equal three four or any other number other than 2. 




 I thought he already had. /s 




 What accident? There was a controlled release of harmless waste water allowed under their discharge permit. /s 




 This is mostly a divestment campaign with boycotts of consumer products. 




 I guess the vast majority of scientists and climatologists most be wrong. /s 




 [Here is a story about the different spellings](http://articles.chicagotribune.com/2011-03-01/opinion/ct-talk-gadhafi-spellings-0302-20110301_1_spelling-moammar-kadafi-moammar-gadhafi) by newspapers for Gaddafi. The AP style is "Moammar Gadhafi."  




 Qaddafi was in it for the green. 




 [Here is CNN"s article](http://www.cnn.com/2014/09/19/us/peanut-butter-salmonella-trial/) which has some more detail but there was not a lot of coverage of this historic prosecution and conviction. 




 The sounds of letters in Arabic do not correspond with the letters in the English alphabet. Also there has been no standardization in how those sounds should be written in English. 




 Thanks for the information. 




 There was an issue a year or two ago about a plant in New Mexico but I hadn't heard about an issue recently. 




 When will they even try for a criminal conviction when it comes to the banksters? 




 Pulling this story seems to have more to do with pleasing the Dispatch's Republican owner than reporting the news with fairness and without favoritism. 




