 When I first started posting on a messageboard there were a few jerks who would make me steam. Then I met them. I don't stress too much about the jerks anymore bacause we have no idea what kind of fool we are arguing with. The guy getting my goat turned out to be some trust fund kid with serious addiction issues. He was so wasted when I met him the 2nd time, he had his pants on backwards. That is how I picture fools online now. 




 I came in to say the same thing. You could put a tag with the type or name too. 




 It's very interesting how people downvote on reddit. You ask a legitimate question and get DV's. Very odd indeed 




 I think it depends on where you get your tea. I drink Chinese teas about 90% of the time. This is a bit of a dilemna because I have no faith in most Chinese products meeting their stated guidelines. Especially organic products. I have had a number of Chinese teas, organic and none, that give me sore gums or sores in my cheek. 




 There was an aged oolong at duty free in Taipei that looked and smelled amazing. It was pretty expensive. I'm trying to decide if I get it on my way back through. Arghhhh 




 Tea is sort of like scotch in that the quality of the ingredients. Also in the processing. High grade teas are processed by experts whose skills are valuable and the quality of the leaf is much higher. Companies like lipton buy cheap tea and it tastes like it. I really notice the quality differences in Oolong
 




 I am in Taipei today and on to Vietnam tomorrow. Looking forward to some exploring on Sunday. Thanks again for recommendations. 




 There are many people who view the stories in the bible as parables. Whether the stories are 100% fact or not means less than the meaning of the story and how we can learn from them.  
But I'm not arguing from the position of a believer. Far East philosophies have always made more sense to me than western religions. 




 Talk to Dalai Lama 




 Moses: "I can part the Red Sea, but no one can look at it. I'll just write it down and describe it to you." 




 The way the religion developed was a lot different than other branches of Christianity. Luther, Ammann (Amish), Fox (Quakers), etc did not say they found gold tablets, magic hats, etc.  It was about interpretations of the Old and New Testament or which was focused on more. They branched off from existing religious groups.  
I can't think of another religion founded in the last 300 years based on some magic/miracle happening that is accepted as being legitimate any more than people do Mormonism. If Moses came down and said; I got 10 Commandments etched in stone from God, but no one can see them. It may have caused some doubt among reasonable people. Even 5000+ years ago. Let alone 200. 




 That's pretty much what I do everywhere I travel, minus the drinking.  I'm not much of a drinker but I had some cachaca in Brazil and had a few beers at the Poulaner restaurant in St. Petersburg, Russia. Everywhere else I've pretty much stuck to juice, tea and water.  
I'm looking forward to trying some street food and getting lost and letting Google maps get me back.  
Thanks for the advice and recommendations. 




 Thanks for all your advice and recommendations.  I didn't realize the bay was so far.  I'll spend my day eating food and searching for some nice Vietnamese black teas. 




 I'll be in Hanoi on business soon. I arrive on Saturday which leaves Sunday to do something. I'll be working from 6-6 the rest of the week and fly out on the following Saturday. I'll have a couple hours each night to walk around but I'll probably stay within a mile or so of my hotel in the Old Quarter. That leaves one day to really explore a little. While I'd really like to see Halong Bay, I'd hate to miss exploring the city in what could be my only opportunity to visit.  
I'd appreciate anyone's opinions or advice. Thanks 









 Sorry, I do not have a photographic memory so I cannot give you bibliographical information. You may want to argue with the German defense minister at the time because his view is fairly consistent with mine, but they were actual insiders, not people like you and me getting public information with a heavy dose of distortion. 




 No doubt. :-)  
I appreciate your methods and I think it would be a pleasure to talk to you in person. The way you disagree without being offensive and actually adding useful information is unusual on the web. I believe I could learn a lot of new things from you. 




 http://www.outwardbound.org/classic/adult-expeditions/  
We sort of do, it's called Outward Bound. I've heard nothing but great things about their programs 




 A diplomat with the German Foreign Ministry says that there was, of course, a consensus between the two sides. Indeed, the Soviets would hardly have agreed to take part in the two-plus-four talks if they had known that NATO would later accept Poland, Hungary and other Eastern European countries as members.  

The negotiations with Gorbachev were already difficult enough, with Western politicians repeatedly insisting that they were not going to derive -- in the words of then-US President George H. W. Bush -- any "unilateral advantage" from the situation, and that there would be "no shift in the balance of power" between the East and the West, as Genscher put it. Russia today is certainly somewhat justified in citing, at the very least, the spirit of the 1990 agreements.  
I'll defer to Germany's Defense minister at the time. I'm sure he is more aware of what was going on than either of us. 




 cold call telemarketer?  So in other words a total jerk with no real skills beyond taking advantage of the old and stupid and pissing everyone else off with your calls. You wouldn't have to fire me. I'd have found a better job long ago. 




 No, but I do remember the time. I've been a news junkie since the mid 70's. Iran Contra proved that I needed to go beyond the corporate news to find the truth. When the USSR fell, I had a lot of concern about what was going to happen to the nukes and military of the old USSR nations.  There was a lot of discussion at the time about NATO and whether NATO would move east.  I'm not saying anything some of the high level diplomats at the time said and are still saying. As the article states.  




 So what is your job in the Russian gov?  Are you one of those people in that building who do nothing but post on western media? I wondered how they stop people like you from having their eyes opened once they were exposed to an non state controlled media. 




 I never said there was. I said agreement. Do I think we know every agreement our nation has made with another nation? Not a chance. Do I think nations renege on agreements? Certainly. Do I think only the bad guys do it? Once again, not a chance. We antagonize every bit as much as they do. Whoever the proverbial they are at the time. Eisenhower had it right. 




 First I absolutely believe the Soviets are experts at media and public relations manipulation. By no means do I see Putin or Russia as a standard for others to dream of.  Last time I came back from Russia I told my manager I would do everything possible to never return. Their industry was pretty much commandeered by the KGB who pretty much became the Russian mafia as well.  
I also think there was an agreement about NATO expansion. Was there a signed treaty. I really don't know. But it wasn't like they really had much of a working gov as they were collapsing and things were happening pretty fast on the international stage. Did the US intend to renege on an agreement knowing you can't put the toothpaste back in the tube? Once again, I have no idea.  
Bush was Prez at the time and he was ex CIA, so there is no telling what games within games were being played.  
I also have no belief whatsoever that we know all agreements made between the US and other countries. Kuwait and Iraq were not the exception to the rule. It is the standard. Lies, built on lies, built on lies, sprinkled with truth.  MOSSAD knows the truth but they won't tell.  
(to add some levity) 




 http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/nato-s-eastward-expansion-did-the-west-break-its-promise-to-moscow-a-663315.html 




 http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/nato-s-eastward-expansion-did-the-west-break-its-promise-to-moscow-a-663315.html. 




 *Earlier this month, about 300 US paratroopers arrived in western Ukraine to train with Ukrainian national guard units.  
  
At the time, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov warned the move "could seriously destabilise" the situation in Ukraine.  
  
One of the key points of the Minsk deal stipulates that all foreign armed groups, weapons and mercenaries should withdraw from Ukrainian territory.*  
Like Iraq, there is a lot more to this than what both east and west are saying.  When the USSR broke up, NATO promised to never expand into the old USSR nations. And we've been ignoring that for the last few years. Also, I believe Putin wants to build Russia's influence back to what it was prior to the break up of the USSR. Chicken or egg first? You choose mostly based on where you get your info and what filters you use on that info.
 




 Compare the timing of when the great buffalo slaughters happened and when barb wire was invented. Barb wire was after the fact. 




 I put a little honey in my tea, so I make a pint mug and then just pour a little into a cup. It keeps the tea in the travel mug hotter for about an hour or so by not opening it over and over to sip from. 




 IMO any tea you like that has some body to it, makes a nice ice tea.  I use cheap Darjeeling because the high mountain Darjeeling's I like are very light and don't transfer their flavor well cold imo. I also like Prince of Wales cold. But I will drink any tea just about, cold or hot. With all my travels, I get a lot of odd versions. 




 They had them where I stayed in Moscow, St. Petersburg and Novrogod. http://imgur.com/gallery/9mkTz/new 




 Let the churches marry who they want and let the courts marry any couple who wants to get married.  




 They also were not compatible with cow ranching. It was pretty much the same with sheep in cow country. 









 A lot of Chinese teas are Suchongs which are quite smokey.  I have never noticed a smokey taste in any of the Dian Hongs (Yunnan black tea) 




 Clive Barker; all of his books are kind of erotic fantasy mixed with a nice stir of a twisted Stephen King. There is no shortage of gender angles in his stories either. 




 The same question was asked about 150 years ago when there was all the buffalo running around and the ranchers wanted to make cow the red meat we ate.  The killing of the buffalo was both to weaken the Indians and to strengthen the powerful ranchers business.  Cows lend themselves to ranching a lot more than wild game like Buffalo, deer, elk, etc. 




 L Ron Hubbard said if you really want to get rich you need to start a religion. And he did.  But we're the fools spending good money on stuff because it has the right label. It is all about image and they are good at protecting their image. 




 Only the libertarian group. The evangelical's, which are the core of the Republican base want laws to prevent things like prostitution and drug use.  Most conservatives are conservative and do not like change. 




 Yunnan blacks actually develop more flavor over time.  When they are fresh, they are so bright flavored you really do not get the subtle notes at all.  They compare them to red wines and how they develop flavor as they age. It's one of the reasons most Pu'er tea comes from Yunnan. 




 Do you drink bagged tea or loose?  Moving from bag to loose, you may want to stick with Assam's, Ceylon's or Darjeeling teas. (I don't have any experience with African teas so I am not sure what they are like.)  When I switched, all I drank was Twinings darjeeling and Prince of Wales which are both pretty hearty.  From there making the step to more mellow loose teas was easier. 




 When I first tried the Lingia I thought I did not brew it enough or did not use enough tea.  It blew my mind when it had as much flavor as it did, as light as it was.  It's almost like how deceiving Oolong's are when you look at the color and then taste it and get a mouth full of flavor.  Color has no bearing on taste with those teas.  




 It's from a company called WMF, they make all sorts of high quality cookware and accessories.   




 Switching up from my normal Yunnan black tea and having a nice SFTGFOP1 Lingia Darjeeling this morning. For a change of pace, it's tough to beat. 









 Interesting perspective. I believe it is the best book to read about the labor movement and the methods used to weaken the power of laborers.  If you know of a better book that is not all pro capitalist, share the title.  Incredibly enough, reading a wide swath of information about a topic is how you learn. Not reading one perspective over and over. Which is what most people seem to do. 




 Howard Zinn's A People's History of the United States is a good book about labor and other topics. 




 There would definitely be punishment delivered 




 Looking out at the sky and realizing you are seeing into infinity has blown my mind since I first learned the concept. 




 I'd have to think they put in as many steps as almost any profession. Many of their steps are taken with urgency. I meander around a class all day. :-) 




 I train software in a classroom setting and I am on my feet walking around a classroom for 8 1/2 hours with a 1/2 hour to sit and catch up on email. Like you, and unlike a FedEx driver, we don't have a vehicle to sit in for 1/2 the day. I imagine emergency room workers put in a lot of foot miles too. I actually wear shoes that are very popular in hospitals because of their comfort for hours on end. 




 I almost find Shogun to be more of a romantic novel. The rest of them are historical novels. King Rat sort of stands on its own but it has characters from Noble House. 




 Thanks. 80-90% of the tea I drink is Yunnan black tea and they seem to specialize in them. I'll have to add them to the list and try them soon. 




 A girl I work with went back to China and bought a lot of tea from the tea market with her brother. They bought a bunch of small bags like that and sealed them like we do with seal-a-meal. The bag may be generic.  Once you open it and share a picture, people may be able to tell if it is a tieguanyin. 




 I really enjoyed Clavell's books on Asia's far east. I found Shogun a tough read, but the rest of the series is very good and gives you a nice flavor of China in the 17th and 18th century and even into the 19th and 20th in the last books. 




 I just read about there being over 100 variations of tea from Yunnan.  I have never noticed a sour taste. Real fresh Dian Hongs can taste very bright, but I don't consider it sour.  One of the things I like about Dian Hongs is how they never seem to get bitter. 




 I was searching for information about Wu Liang Hong Mao Feng and found the http://www.panthermoontea.com/black-tea--china-and-taiwan.html site.  
It looks like they have some excellent teas.  Has anyone tried them or know anything about them? 




