 - [Mlanie Laurent - En t'attendant](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zwb8hXlUE1E)

- [Miriam Makeba - Pata Pata](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCc61z9IFu4) 




 F%#$ me that is M*#%$ F##king disgraceful! 




 Please correct me if I'm wrong (and I'm sure I probably have miscalculated!) but just going off some basic info I found in a swift google search the mass of the sun is so much greater than the mass of the orbiting planets that it is still possible to say 'the planets orbit the sun' as the '*barycentre*' would have to be at some slightly off centre point in the sun itself. 




 Its on youtube! 




 The popular theory that Hitler snubbed Owens isn't strictly true. Hitler only congratulated German athletes but reportedly admired Owens. 

Source: QI 




 [Irony!](http://imgur.com/ma1ZVvT.gif) 




 "what are you doing in my house?!" Nosey bastards! 




 I actually have fictional breasts!  




 This entire Wiki page has 3 references, 2 of which are from IMDb!! Hitler being such a significant historical figure, the amount of conjecture and fairy-tales about him is naturally huge. 

I am going to call this as untrue as it is simply too fanciful, unlikely given Hitlers continued mobility and reported sound health until his death in 1945, and due to insufficient evidence.  




 I have a similar story. I travelled solo around the world when I was 18 and spend 3 months travelling around South East Asia. I completely randomly met the same two guys (who were travelling together) in three different countries: first in Hanoi, Vietnam then Vang Vieng in Laos and finally I randomly bumped into them on the Khao San Road in Bangkok! True story!! 




 Sounds brilliant until gradually people start disappearing one by one. Haven't you even seen Ghost Rig?! 




 As you are exploring the bowls of the ship your flashlight picks something up at the end of the corridor. You do a double take and shine your light on it and you see a young girl dressed in Victorian clothing, just standing at the end of the corridor. You call out but no response. Suddenly, into the silence, the bulkhead door slams deafeningly shut behind you! You spin around to see what happens. From a short distance away you hear a child's laugh, echoing eerily in the damp ship. You point your flashlight back down the corridor. 

The girl is gone. 




 I did History GCSE and A level, pretty sure the Revolutionary War was only discussed a couple of times. Frankly the American Revolution, though I fully understand its significance to Americans, just isn't that significant when put in perspective of the rest of British history. I mean think about it, Britain was *the* super-power for a lot of recent history with an empire that covered a quarter of the globe. There is a lot of history there! Losing India was far more historically significant than the American War.  









 I can understand the nope. Personally I would say "[FUCK YEAH](http://imgur.com/RiEsEUI)!!" 




 "I thought I could smell tuna-fish around her...O SHIT ITS A TRAP!!" 




 Bloody Asian-Americans 




 Onions?! It's 4:30am in France, go to bed!!! 




 This sounds like a poor excuse. All the previous Popes for centuries did the job until death, ergo they were all in poor health eventually! When you think along those lines poor health is a very pitiful excuse so I think there is a larger game afoot here 




 It sounds like a cool title, but it was basically just another Pope who wanted some of the existing popes power. It was basically the first schism church. A big deal at the time but now there a millions as theres more money and influence to be made in starting your own church than joining one 




 Might be considered pedantic, but it wasn't just boys. He helped to cover up the systematic sexual abuse, rape and torture of children and successfully protected the scum that committed the crimes 




 Surely the whole point of being religious is you are too afraid to say YOLO? 




 [This meme has never been more appropriate!](http://imgur.com/WelcGBk.jpg) 




 [This is probably the only time I will ever be able to use this meme!](http://imgur.com/WelcGBk) 




 I think the question you meant to ask is 'Which song is the best, THE BEST, THE BEST, THE BEST, THE BEST, THE BEST THE BEST, THE BEST...' 




 Hi there Dave!

First off, thanks for doing this AMA! My question is when are you guys going to come back to Auckland?? Would kick ass to see you guys at the Town Hall again!

Also, can we expect any more drum collaborations coming up? Can't wait to hear the new Queens album!

Keep kicking ass! 




 How's your day going? 




 You're right, it not Monty Python. I believe it will be called '*The Peoples Popular Front of Pythons by and of The Name of Monty and/or Montgomery.*' 

Monty Python... bloody splitters! 




 Robin Williams to replace Graham Chapman? Interesting idea although I'm amazed its even being considered! As I understand it Cleese refused to consider Python returning after Chapman died, quite rightly in my opinion! Maybe they think Williams is up for the job, watch this space! 




 Just for the record, they did built Hobbiton for real, to human scale (obviously) and after finishing filming for 'The Hobbit' they have left it all there. Its near Matamata, New Zealand. You can visit but I'm pretty sure you cant buy Bag End. 




 I also learned right handed, partly for this reason. The buggeration is it makes playing rhythmic patters more difficult as the right hand has to do all the rhythmic work which is just wrong for a lefty. Thats why I can't play 'All My Life' and sing at the same time. 




 I assume this was before you were with her? Did she tell you or did you find out later? 




 I quite enjoy my unholy embrace with satan! Free underfloor heating! 




 I am a lefty and a musician. It is *very* irritating that for a decent guitar a lefty has to pay at least twice the normal price. 




 More accurately, the Quran (and pretty much all other holy books) is extremely ambiguous and open to many different interperitations. Some choose to be dogmatic, some chose to enterperate their text litterally, and even then there are litteral variations due to arabic being a highly ambiguious written language.

People of all faiths vary in how dogmatic they choose to be. Islam is no different and certainly no more creditable. This particular example recalls to me the old debates of the length of angels wings or how many such mythical creatures could dance on the head of a pin. It is pure drivel, it is an example of how totalitarian religion tries to fill every aspect of an individuals life. Is it so difficult to think on these issues objectively, without the crutch of religion? 




 Did he ever get that horse? 




 Wondered why that link was already blue, then I realised its linked to my Imgur account. Cheeky bastard! 




 Someone was pedantic on the internet?! Fetch my cup of RAGE!!! 




 I assume you are not of that opinion, as it is so mind-blowingly stupid. 




 I hesitate to even respond as that is some of the stupidest words I have even seen written down. I assume you are being sarcastic.
Healthcare is unconstitutional

Seriously? Free healthcare for all is unconstitutional? You realise how stupid that is? Obama has had to be fighting idiots like you every step of the way with getting his healthcare system sorted, I don't think its political. Maybe its because anyone with half a brain cell realises that something is quite disgustingly broken when a family can't afford to heal, when a fatal illness like cancer might just cost you your house as well as your loved one. 

cost

Lets just lump that altogether shall we. You are more concerned about how much your government pays on healthcare than how much your family pays? How much would it cost if, heaven forbid, your sister got cancer, or your father was in a car crash. It could bankrupt you, for services that actually cost those providing them pennies. They charge so much simply because they can, because you privatised your medical healthcare. Even in England, where we have a choice between public or private, private healthcare costs a bare fraction of what you pay (our private healthcare system is called BUPA) You are extorted simply because years ago your entire healthcare was privatised and the drug companies have had carte blanche ever since. You are literally being made an offer you can't refuse, if you have seen The Godfather.

You're last point is so stupid I'm not going to address it, basically you are saying "government bad, grrr!" whatever. 




 Sarcasm best works when its not written down genius! 




 ...Or any western country that isn't America. 




 You clearly are American and have no concept of freedom, as Americans have measurably less personal freedoms than any other western country yet go on about it the most. 




 As a gentleman of the Queens realm: I concur!! 

It is funny how American and Canadian women fall in love instantly with my accent! 




 I still don't understand why Americans actually fight against universal healthcare. It is just another level of stupid to not see that the US's medical system is utterly fucked. I think you chaps need some perspective. 




 [I went round the world a few years back and recently did an AMA about my experiences, here is a link it you are interested!](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/14dbv0/i_travelled_around_the_entire_world_solo_when_i/) 




 [The Sunshine theme by John Murphy.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWlXU2DeYkQ) 




 [And /r/gonewild of course!](http://imgur.com/ofXst4B) 




 I emigrated to New Zealand, pretty unconventional I suppose. Work out alright! 




 Zoot? 




 It has been re-posted several times before, I'm sure its on there somewhere. 




 I opened this picture and genuinely got goose-bumps! Is this OC?

For the record this is a mother and calf Humpback, I have some experience of these beautiful and intelligent creatures but nothing like this! Truly awesome! 




 The wind can move very fast. 




 I answered a few other questions about money, have a browse of this thread, it should be useful if you're planning some travels! 

1. All told the trip cost about 7000 GBP, I worked from the moment I was 16 until I was 18 to save up enough. 

2. Finding a cheap flight is just a matter of looking, try flight comparison websites or apps like Skyscanner etc. The cheapest places to travel are out of the western world. South East Asia and South America are good, India and Africa are very cheap but absolutely not for everyone, you may not like it.

3. The best places I went were Vietnam, Cambodia, India, Nepal and Mount Everest Base Camp.
 
4. See question 1. 




 "My Kingdom for a horse!" 




 Bits of that are true, but not all. Edward VIII did abdicate so he could marry Wallace Simpson, however he couldn't marry her as king more because of the scandal it would cause rather than actually breaking any rules. That and he was a Nazi sympathiser. Remember the Church of England was basically created so that Henry VIII could divorce his wife, the entire Church is founded on the family values of Henry VIII.

Either way, the reason for his abdication don't really matter, the fact is that the abdication forced George VI to take the throne making Elizabeth the Heir Apparent at the age of 10. 

The fact that barely anyone in Britain knows any of this shows just how much no one gives a toss. 




 Not true. Edward VIII abdicated in 1936 to make his younger brother, George VI (Elizabeth's father) king. By the breakout of war in Europe in 1939 Elizabeth was the heir apparent to the throne. She never left England during the war.  




 I'm not sure the elephants might have the dexterity for some of the reaches in the piece! Thank you for the compliment though, I haven't written up any sheets for this piece yet as its fresh of the keys but if and when I do I will message you, sound good? 




 Thank you very much, it's quite a compliment for other musicians to want to perform your work in my opinion, so I'm flattered! I haven't written up any sheets yet as it is a new composition, I certainly could though. If and when I do, I will message you, sound good? 




 I was not actually familiar with his work until now, so thank you so much for introducing me to it! Any favourite pieces you could recommend?  









 That is true, I have heard they listen to a lot of 'Godspeed You! Black Emperor Penguin' 




 So you're saying bi-polar bears are retired bears who fly south for the summer? But wouldn't that make them air-bears? 









 In this house we obey the laws of thermodynamics!! 




 Actually I wanted my religion to be mainly about fishing. I should have picked better autobiographers, dad only knows what they were smoking! 




 Yeah my dad has been going through a rough patch. See he really looked after the dinosaurs but they were all "naah fuck you Imma stomp all over this bitch and eat everything!" so he killed them with his space-balls (I think you mortals call them "meteors").

Then you fuckers had to go and think dinosaurs are cool and make films about it! No wonder he's pissed! 




 Nah thats my dad, I just hang out and tell people to be cool. I sometimes burn my face on someones toast if I'm bored. 




 We call that gas and liquid.  




 Whats a sweetheart like you doing in a place like this? 









 [Wait, What the fumble-fucks am I seeing here?](http://imgur.com/lNrcxRP) 




 Mekong Whiskey. Seriously bad idea to drink it, it is made exclusively for tourists so they don't care what goes in it, they can be highly toxic. If you drank it recently, go throw up. I am not kidding.

Disclaimer: I worked in SE Asia for a time, [here is a picture I took of Mekong Whiskey.](http://imgur.com/6A78txp) 




 I remember that. I believe the sign now above the gate is a replica isn't it? I went in 2007, it was disturbing to see that thing in real life, knowing how many poor souls had marched under it and how cruel those words would seem 




 I feel you are being a little over fair here. Judging by that article (that article being my only sauce of information on this) this organisation did a great deal for these people, such as already paying down $700,000 and building infrastructure on the island to help them gain more income for themselves, with the plan to keep paying these payments in chuncks, if that article is accurate. These are not cave-people and I don't think they would thank you for the comparison. They live in the modern world where capitol is important and communication with the rest of the world is prevalent. 

And yet if you lived your life off deer and someone told you to stop hunting...

Deer are not the equivalent of dolphins. Deer are relatively very unintelligent and are a natural prey animal to most carnivorous species, including humans. Despite this they are plentiful and breed well. Dolphins have demographic language, social groups, use tools and hunt in packs, they are exceptionally intelligent and their brain to body ratio estimates them to be very close to human intelligence. They suffer acutely if attacked and are not nearly as abundant as deer. I am not saying one animal is more valuable than the other, however one is natural pray and is probably too unintelligent to suffer acutely, the other is rare and highly intelligent and suffers acutely.

As I say, we are not dealing with a time warp, these are not cave people who must hunt to save their families. They are members of the modern world who can produce their own food without hunting dolphins, as this organisation has been helping them doing. The slaughter of all these creatures, for the sake of a financial dispute is disgusting and despicable and should not be defended. There is no excuse. 




 That was my TIL! I feel internet famous! My life has validity again! 




 Granted, these people had obviously been taken for a ride by this charity whom must shoulder at least some of the blame. This is a disgusting and infantile reaction though, and should be met with retribution. I hate to use the word '*savage*' but is exactly what these people have proven to be. If this organisation pays them now, after this, then is an utter failure in logic and stupid. This is nothing more than a toddler smashing a beautiful and precious gift in a tantrum, and should not be met with anything but condemnation. They have forfeited their right to any price or property they were promised, and justly so. If they are punished by lack of funds or whatever was agreed upon for this barbaric act, so be it. 




 "Defend" being the usual pathetic euphemism used by all modern military. Wouldn't it be a funny world if euphemisms couldn't be used by officials, this headline would be '**Kim vows powerful measures to fuck shit up on behalf of North Korea**' 




 Fascists, not Communists. Lets call a spade a spade shall we? 




 Agreed. I have been to Portugal, it kicks ass. 




 Thats the difference between '*de facto*' and '*du Jure*' legality. Portugal still has some prohibitions, like selling it, that are still punishable. North Korea is the only country that has no restrictions at all. 




 I say it is '*du jure*' in North Korea as it is the only country that does not prohibit Cannabis possession. There are other countries such as Cambodia and Iran where it is permissible '*de facto*', but still legally punishable 









 You already posted this with the exact same title several times in the last few months. Reddit remembers. Stop it. 




 I say it is '*du jure*' in North Korea as it is the only country that does not prohibit Cannabis possession. There are other countries such as Cambodia and Iran where it is permissible '*de facto*', but still legally punishable. 




 I DONT LIKE CHANGE!!! 




 Thanks Sickipedia 




 Thank you! I had tried to find the user but had no joy! 









 Thank you, I will repost correctly. Apologies, I wasn't aware of that rule. 




 [Do The Evolution - Pearl Jam](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDaOgu2CQtI) 




 I'm re-reading Mario Puzo's 'The Godfather'. Timeless book. 




 It's okay to litter because Wombles will clean up after you. 









 "Back, and to the left." 




 I knew an old sailor once. He told me he went overboard, tangled in the sails. They pulled him out, but it took him five minutes to cough. He said it was like...going home.

Edit: I once told you about a sailor who described drowning to me. I was lying. He said it was agony. 




 Slightly interesting that Churchill, though holding high military rank, never grew a moustache. Trivial though it may seem, this would have been highly irregular at the time and probably caused a minor stir. 









 ...why are you downvoting me? I was attempting to help. If you play an E on a piano, and you play and E on a guitar, and you play an E on a Ukulele you will find they are all the same notes. Yes the Uke is different, that is why its a different instrument. It still uses the same scale of notes as any other instrument. 




 Fair enough, these are the chords for the guitar, probably a sensible assumption as the song is played on guitar. And the Ukulele is tuned differently, although that makes no difference on what chords go with what song. Think about it. 




 Good on you! The bike is the least useful though, try rowing! Obviously everything is good, but like I say you need to push yourself hard, especially if you have a lot of weight to lose! If you have shin trouble then all the more reason to get good trainers for the gym! 




 The chords are completely wrong here. Correct chords:

| E / C#m / G# / A :||

The E is the normal open chord, the other three should all be Barre Chords. I can't be bothered to write down the riff, I shall if reddit insists. 




 Nice try officer! 




 It sounds like a total cliche I know, but get a gym pass and force yourself to go at least 3 times a week, 4 if you can. When you are there you need to keep your heart rate high, it depends on your level of general fitness how you do this but it is important to really push yourself to get results. Get yourself a pair of decent trainers for running/walking and make sure you eat correctly, which doesn't mean only eating nasty green things! The important thing is to positively encourage this, so if you go to the gym reward yourself with something you like, although preferably not food. I have also just dropped a load of weight, so have just done all this myself! 




 You find a way to talk to her face to face and let her know you have feelings for her. If she laughs at you, burn her house down. 




 I commend your instance on accuracy, so I will attempt to clarify some of these points. The US did bomb a great deal of land in Cambodia which caused obvious disruption to farming, however the real problem was and is land mines. Cambodia and Laos still have an enormous problem with land mines because the US covered huge areas of rural land with them which are still active and still represent an enormous threat to this day. About 1000 people are killed or severely maimed by land mines every year in Cambodia and Laos, I am not exaggerating, a visit to either of these otherwise beautiful countries is enough to impact just how big the problem is. And the US is doing absolutely nothing to help clean up the mess they caused, or prevent the deaths all these people. Only last year did the US start a clean up operation of all the Agent Orange used, if you don't know what it is google it. Kissinger was lucky to escape without a war crimes trial.

As for the execution of prisoners, the Khmer Rouge converted a school in Phnom Penh into the S21 jail. This is were the documented every prisoner held there and on what grounds they were arrested, almost all were 'political prisoners'. There are records and photographs of over a million people. S21 was were many died but most were horrifically tortured, however the 'Killing Fields' as it became know was an area outside Phnom Penh where most were executed. There are enormous mass graves, a room filled with the skulls of victims and a tree is signposted as where small children were thrown against in order to kill them. It is hard to overstate the extent of the evil performed by the Khmer Rouge, but it is certain that they knowingly and deliberately put millions of innocent people to death. 




 I have also been there, you will probably recall there is a room in Birkenau camp similar to what I described; thousands of pictures of those who died. In that case they were just normal photographs taken of happy, smiling people or couples or whole families with no idea what was in store for them, all of whom perished in the camp. I have never spoken aloud of either of these horrible places I have been, it is simply too painful. 




 That is the sort of drivel that only the indoctrinated would resort to in a debate, so this shall probably be my last entry. You just confirmed it, the church pushes us mere mortals to be beyond 'human nature'. What a despicable thing to say, surely you can see the faulty logic for yourself? I will repeat my argument, if you believe in the Catholic God you believe in a deity that created us sick, and *commanded* us to be well. Condoms will not cure the virus, nor will they heal those afflicted, but they will prevent millions of otherwise healthy, normal people from contracting the condition and the virus today would a fraction of the epidemic that it is. These are not statistics we are arguing about, these are human lives. Millions of fully aware, fully sentient human beings have died a humiliating, painful death because of the stigma placed on condoms by religious bodies. How can this be the lesser of two evils? 

Please, consider the problem for yourself and do your own thinking before regurgitation the garbage you have been dictated in church. You can make your own mind up on these matters, to think for yourself makes us human, to blindly agree makes us cattle. Make your choices. 




 As someone who has been to Cambodia and the S21 Jail and the mass graves of the killing fields just outside Phnom Penh, I find this extremely moving. It was a horrible experience to visit such evil places, many of the instruments of torture have been left in the jail and most are simply too awful to describe or recall. What is strange and deeply disturbing is the Khmer Rouge documented and photographed every prisoner who lived and died in the S21 Jail, and there is now a room in which all wall space is taken up by pictures of the poor souls who perished. All with this expression of knowing what lay in store for them, all gazing out from every angle. Though the pictures are old and faded, witnessing that much human suffering is truly disturbing and brings a lump to my throat even now, recalling it 




 I am not refuting that the Catholic church does help those in need, they do spend a great deal on charity as anyone can see. However, it is very easy to argue that the greatest damage to public health in Africa and the responsibility for the miserable and wretched deaths of *millions* of human beings lies squarely at the feet of the Catholic Church's stand on condoms and birth control. It is not a matter of religious vs secularist opinion at all; any rational, objective and moral person in full view of the facts would be appalled by the contraband placed on condoms. Sure, if people did not engage in pre-marital sex the virus would not be such a terrible affliction in the world, but that is not human nature: if any divine creator wished this to be the case he/it/they should have taken time to create a different creature. It is the classic case of mankind being created sick and commanded to be well.

Disclaimer: Please do not assume I am some neck-beard Atheist from /r/atheism having a rant. I am an objective adult and have seen the damage rout by these issues first hand. 




 I think the Church's stand on Condoms and AIDs in Africa is enough to illustrate the moral bankruptcy and total hypocrisy of this spending. There are many aid organisations that spend great deals of money, often given voluntarily by those who can, on helping those in need. The Church is the only aid organisation that demands anything from those they help, and what they demand is truly adherent, as is any policy that excepts the death of millions to a terrible affliction such as AIDs as the lesser evil. No, The Vatican is no source for good in this world. 




 Its like someone turned mid-life-crisis into a picture! 




 You may not, humanity may still have a chance. 




 Mongrels, from BBC3 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mongrels_(TV_series) 




 I knew I recognised that taste from somewhere... 




 One can still hope that humanity will grow out of the infancy his existence  and stand fast with the courage to look reality in the face. 




 The Reform Church of The Most Holy Hitchens 




 Every decision ever made while drinking. Also, the time I went into the bear pit 




 either that or evolving sideways bending thumbs? 




 How incredibly condescending. 




 ...with the cunning use of flags 




 ...and this is how you drink if you happen to be batshit crazy! 




 [Here you go](http://store.apple.com/nz/product/MB110LL/B/apple-keyboard-with-numeric-keypad) 




 Plot twist: OP persuaded his sister to let him take this picture in exchange for extra kissing practice.  




 It is a matter of immense personal pride that I can say I have been there. Not to the peak, however I trekked (alone) to Everest Base Camp and climbed a total of 13,000 feet with a 24kg backpack. At times Oxygen dropped as low as 30% sea level and I did it all in a pair of tatty old chucks! Easy the most awesome thing I have and probably will ever do! 




