 it's called a peacock, and it's for draining the line after shutting off the water.  Grab a wrench, close the valve, then tighten the cap.   If you need a replacement cap they should sell them at the hardware store.   




 the cost difference between buying prepared food and actual food is *tremendous*.   Especially if you can piggyback someone's membership to Costco or something like that.  Even junk food like hotdogs is many, many times cheaper.  Good luck !  




 yeah, this OP.  For the price of a quarter pounder, slurpee and a jamaican beef patty you could probably get a couple *pounds* of fresh produce. 

also check out /r/frugal.  




 Dunno about AU but in the US, there are options for "100% financing".  IIRC however you'll pay a higher rate in addition to paying mortgage insurance (which is just completely wasted money).  

Go poke around /r/mortgages a bit .... 

 




 back in my day, you'd grab the family lawn mower and start cruising the neighborhood looking for long grass.  Or grab the rake and look for leaves. 

These days, seems the equivalent is to put something like "college student looking for small labor gigs, 15$/hr" on Craigslist.  




  agents are little more than gatekeepers to MLS data. 

This was precisely my experience when I bought my house.  The actual humans were useless.
 




 First thing I would do is get a second opinion on the car. 

 




 SIESTA 




 From a PF perspective all I can see is "should I keep the money pit I have or buy a new money pit" .... but without supporting details this q sounds better for a used car sub than for PF. 




 It's impressive you've saved up 700 bucks on that low of an income, but I think you need more savings.  You're just a car repair or two from being broke and in debt. 

Definitely do whatever you need to do to reduce fees. Fees, interest, stuff like that are just a waste of money.  

Your rent is more than half your monthly income ... may want to consider trying to reduce that some.  









 They're pretty awesome, just be sure to start off no bar (seriously) then bar alone.  Definitely don't just stack 'em up and straight leg it;  




 /r/jobs/ 




 great deal your sister letting you borrow her car.  

* you have 5 bills, need another to get the existing hooptie fixed.  
* 5 bills won't get you a new car
* Sounds like you really truly can't get a car loan. 

So Seriously, I'd consider plasma donation, day labor on an off day or any other sort of "I'm in a bind, I need 100 bucks and I need it now" type of thing.  

* fix the hooptie with the 600 bucks. 
* buy it a nice dinner, talk to it in a soothing calm voice. 
* give it reassuring pats on the hood every day
* hope like hell that bitch don't break down again. 
* stop the concerts and beer. 
* save 800 a month or close to it. 
* cut grass, do whatever to save up another couple bills a month.  Seriously, go into super overdrive workaholic mode. 
* ten months from now - w00t, 8k saved up. 
* buy better car. 
* keep saving 800 a month. 
* didn't even have to ho. 
 




 well, with 950 rent and 600 expenses, you should probably still save at least 600 a month, leaving you an extra 850 a month.  That will get you pretty much any car you want, but i still you should check out slightly older wheels.  Remember too that you'll probably end up spending more money in expenses while living on your own, in a new city with new found personal freedoms.  And being so young your income isn't guaranteed (noone's is sadly)... so I'd say more like save 1000 a month, which will still leave you 450 a month for the car...that's probably around 15-18k.   Still more than I paid, and I make many multiples of what you do, but I have a family to support, college to save for, and you don't ... get yourself a 15-18k used Subie, get some good snow tires and have a blast.  




 yeah bro I dunno ... it's a bind for sure.  How are you getting to work now while the car's in the shop ? 

I'd say give up on that car .... it's just the gift that keeps on giving ... to your mechanic. 

Got any friends you can lean on ? Looked into carpooling ? If you can just get by for 5 months or so you'll have enough cash saved up for a better bucket.  




 Are you currently paying rent, or is the 800 just food, gas, entertainment etc that would have to be added to the 800 rent ? 

Also, why a 2013 or 2014 ? a 2014 is barely used and won't be discounted much.  I bought a 5 year old AWD for only 13k that was super clean, has been super reliable...  




 What are your monthly expenses ? Age and financial goals ?  




 What time frame ?   




 Define "afford".    




 Props for buying a used car and literally driving it until the wheels fall off ! 

Can you get to work on transit now ? 
What's the $600 estimate for ? Take it over to a car / mechanic sub and get it checked out over there. 

Are you really able to save 800 bucks a month ? (You say you spend 1,200 out of 2k a month).   

Loans: Yeah, "car loans bad credit" googles but they look a bit questionable to me.  Have you checked your credit rating recently to learn how bad your credit actually is or isn't ? Also, Credit Unions typically have lower interest rates than commercial banks... with bad credit you'd get a higher rate still, but getting one from a CU may take a bit of the sting off it. 

 




 I don't have hardware, but I do have scolios and thoratic kyphosis, and deadlifting has helped my back tremendously.  I am a new lifter, and only dl 35 pounds a side plus the 45 pound bar.  I recently transitioned to "normal" dl's but was doing straight-leg ones which hit my legs and lower back harder.  I may go back to them, because they felt like they helped me stand up straighter than the normal ones do.  Good luck !  




 As soon as I read "$100" and "trailer park" I swore a robbery was next. 




 which complex ?  




 Also, I miss bookstores damnit.  I buy stuff from Amazon all the time, but have rarely bought books from them.  I miss the smell of paper, the feel of it, covers, bindings.  I miss sitting in small little pockets of intellectualism, of research, or just of drawings or biographies and exploring, selecting, carefully choosing which new one to bring home as if they were puppies. 

 I really do miss bookstores.  




 The world in general just had a lot more mystique to it... information, photos, communication wasn't instantaneous and global and hearing of what was going on in far away lands, or seeing photos of exotic locales (such as in Nat Geo) was awe inspiring at times.  Now the world gets the same news instantaneously, photographs, videos, around the world are instantly shared and available.  

It's really taken a bit of something away from it all for me personally, a bit like learning how magicians do their tricks.   




 It is ... they probably thought they were dodging laws doing that. 




 Biting your fingernails would be really, really painful.  




 Beat me to it.  Ha ! *beat*  




 Bet they smell pretty similar though .. and guess which one cost 100 dollars and which one cost 10. 




 Your Mother worked with [Chef] (http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/753/192/b72.jpg) ?!? 
 




 Hmm, good point about the bleeder.  There isn't one on the shutoff itself, but there may be one on the step down regulator.   




 Hmm, good question. I have no idea where the actual meter is, but the shutoff is right before the step down regulator.  




 the hose bib does have anchor holes, but the mortar joints are pretty soft... definitely don't want to try to anchor it.  Tried elsewhere on the house, didn't work so well.  




 I lost it at 0:01 




 Hi everyone, 

[This is my main flower/ornamental bed that I want to irrigate.](http://i.imgur.com/YO01nZq.jpg)

  There's no real defined plant areas ... not like say a row of veggies where you can put a dripper right by the plant.   Instead we have a huge mix of everything you can think of, with plenty of bulb flower underplanted as well. 

Should I try to cover all this with emitters, or would I be better off using something that distributes water further like a tape or some of the mini sprinklers ? I do plan (hope ? ) to use 1/2 and 1/4 poly and not implement a full on old-school sprinkler system. 

thanks again everyone !!  




 The dichotomy here amazes me.   Poor people who are so well versed in jungle survival the dude can reck a giant ass snake with his bare hands while wearing a rag around his waste, yet someone had a fricking digital camera and knew to upload it to LiveLeaks. 




 Yep, Bitch here too.  Bitch makes me curse, hate the Bitch but I always gotta run the Bitch.  




 The only thing I've ever really missed on a long trip is prescription medicine, particularly if going overseas.  Pretty much anything else you can buy locally.  




 Yeah, I guess ... Spotify can also recommend and you can browse various collections, but you aren't restricted to only that.  




 yeah I believe it :(  especially as this whole area gets denser.  




 Don't know, I'd presume standard firefighter stuff.   Saw the exact same thing while waiting on my flight a few weeks ago.  Noticed one person staring out the window, I looked, wet myself, called the wife letting her know my plane was going to be very, very late.  Then next thing you know an announcer on the PA told us what was going on. 

 




 Hmm, looks like the BWI Fire Department training building's weekly burn test.  Always shocking.  




 Pandora let's me explicitly pick and choose what I want to play ? I thought all it does is let me build a "channel" of stuff *related* to what I originally asked for.  




 can't use a sharkbite because it's going to a bibcock (garden spigot) which will spin around when you try to use it (been there, tried that on a different one last year). 

when the whole-house shutoff is closed it leaks just enough water to keep the pipe full with slowly rising water.  Definitely had to keep a bowl under it while "repairing" it the first time, and definitely had to dough it.   

 




 it may be an anomaly in the reporting.  I saw the same shark tracking a short while ago that had it in the Assateague area bayside.  




 shit, 34 a dozen would be AWESOME.  I think I was paying like 60 something for enemic "larges" at Nicks' last year.   Pretty much had me daydreaming about a john boat again....  




 that's just Liberty.  And Triadelphia gives you a card, not a sticker.  You can buy a day pass or seaon passes.  the season passes shot up astronomically a couple years ago though. 

Beware too that pulling a trailer, even just a yak trailer, through a tunnel/bridge will pretty much double your tolls.   




 LoL, 34 a bushel.  I'll take 100 please. 




 Don't know about iTunes Radio, but Spotify lets you search for, and play, exactly what you want.  As in I can search for a specific song or a specific album, select what I want to play, go back to a song, etc.  It's like having MP3's on your iPod.  Haven't looked at Pandora since getting Spotify.  Used recently Pandora at a friends house for the first time in years, couldn't stand it.  




 yeah, I dunno, 95 db is still pretty damn loud, and I'm closer to Merriweather than Centennial.  I wouldn't say it was 95 db... but anyhow.  I wasn't calling BS on /u/Kylearean, I was calling it on the new article.  

But yeah, I noted it was louder than normal but it was EDM and I dug it.   




 Got a slow leak - 1 drop every 2 seconds - from a supply line.   I'd rather not resweat it because our house's main shutoff leaks just enough to keep this line full with water, so I'd have to unsolder a large section to get enough access to shove dough in it. unfortunately there's no faucets between the main supply and this one, so there's always a small amount of water coming up through the pipe unless I dough it. 

can i just throw some epoxy putty on it ? can't tell if that stuff will work on an active leak or if it will only work on dry pipe.  

just feeling lazy, really don't want to have to redo this whole job again for such a super slow leak. well, not lazy, just have a million other things to fix.

it's outside the wall btw, under the sink leading to a bibcock.  

thanks y'all.  









 "Heard" it, sure.  I live in West Running Brook and I heard it too.  And it sounded slightly louder than normal, and I was a bit surprised how late it ran.   But 95 decibals a mile away ? I call BS on that.    




 Talk about trying to win on a technicality.  400 million, over 1,000 rooms in 2 MILLION square feet, but I challenge you to find a single gold plated toilet seat.   No sir, that would be a *platinum* toilet seat, not a gold toilet seat..   




 JUST DRINK THE DAMN THING 




 aw fuck I LoLd. 




 Craigslist ?  




 it's by far the most common injury, in the woods or otherwise. 




 LoL.  Exactly same thing happened to my wife 30 years ago, except it wasn't SnapChat, it was Kodak.  Yeah dude, just laugh it off.  




 /r/mildlyinfurating for not listing the parts in numerical order.  




 BUTTHURT 




 Saved a man's life.  Bleeding out from a severed brachial artery, kept him alive until EMS arrived and helped get the MAST and IV rolling.  No clue who he was, but he definitely would have died on that sidewalk in Silver Spring amidst a gawking crowd if I hadn't been there.  So ... Army Combat Medic training ... it works.  




 Don't know about nutrition, but they're definitely cheaper and much better tasting IMO.    




 Now, if you drink more water AND take two motrins ... shiiiiiiit.   Cure cancer.  




 yep, my app says that basically my last 5k was 34 minutes... just under the 11 minute per mile mark.   So, uhm, I'll just stop talking now ... but seriously, I do routinely run 3.7 (with a serious hill) and I've ran 6 before so I'm getting my distance there ... I'm just slooooow soooooooo slooooowwwww. 




 thanks ! This equipment is all so cheap that buying a bulk of PC emitters won't really change the budget ... so I'll use a kit for most of it, and PC's for the hill.  Appreciate the advice !!  




 Nope, perfectly valid comment, and I'm both a newb lifter AND a newb runner, and my 5k time is only 11s.  So yeah, actually 12 pounds to me is nothing, I already carry so much weight and run so slowly.  




 I disagree.  Certainly having more weight on you will provide a little more resistance, but I hover between 209 and 213 and make constant gains on both my lifting and my runs, and I'm gaining mass in my arms and chest for sure.   I do eat like a cow though, and take a lot of supplemental protein. 

 




 cauterization 




 fucking NSFL that man !!!!  




 Ah, you mean like [this ? ] (http://i.imgur.com/sXLbeag.png).   Of course, that would be brilliant... thank you !  




 thanks for your offer to help.  I uploaded a ricidulously crude Paint drawing [here] (http://i.imgur.com/oSzME1h.png) 




 I've been out for a long time, and sometimes it seems like everything about the Army has changed yet I suspect one thing has stayed the same... if I were back in, my patch would read "Take Two Motrin". 

 




 Hello ! 

I'm planning out a drip system for my yard, and I'm hoping to serve a long flower bed along the fence that's about 100 feet long.  Roughly 50 feet of this is on a steep hill - the hill itself is probably around 20, 25 degrees. 

For the sake of simplicity I was planning on running a single 1/2 "main" from the garden spigot along the entire fence line, then 1/4 legs into the beds from there.  Should I be concerned that the pressure along the hill (and the top of it) may be too low and run a seperate 1/2 just for the hill ?  

Thank you !  




 I betcha they get a whole wave of business of folks buying stuff JUST to try out the same day shipping ;)  




 I would start very vocally complaining about that to not only LaserShip but Amazon as well.  Obviously fast reliable shipping is something Amazon prides themselves on, and I'm sure they wouldn't want to see their new launch tarnished.  




 TIL: Sorbitol is an alcohol.  




 ah-ha a very sage caveat.  From the sounds of it, 'unhydrated' wipes don't really exist though, and you know honestly I was probably counting grams (ounces ? ) before really necessary.   Definitely interested in building an alcy stove though ... while I do remember be amazed first by my whisperlite in the early 90s and then by my canister stove, the canister stove and fuel definitely add bulk and weight that I just don't need based on my recent experiences. 

thanks again for the warning ! 
 




 I Lol'd.  




 They're very frustrating.  However, I remember as a kid having to stand in line at Hecht's for tickets.

Here's a breakdown of [where the money goes] (http://www.wisebread.com/how-much-a-breakdown-of-concert-ticket-prices) and in this post, a commenter also says that [sometimes the talent will sneak additional payments to them into the convenience fees.]  (http://www.quora.com/Why-is-there-usually-an-outrageous-surchage-when-you-purchase-concert-tickets-online).    




 Yep.  









 Man, why didn't I think of that- Drone SKEET - develop all sorts of crazy shotgunning skills. 




 There are some hideous smells in operating rooms, cauterization for one.   That smell stays with you for a very, very long time.  




 Yeah, baby wipes are the best.  I've used them to clean cookware, bathe as you mention, etc.  Been using  them since my earliest days in the infantry.  I took a couple more than you did, in a ziploc like you mentioned along with some stridex pads in a ziploc... one of them leaked a bit, perhaps  it was the stridex.  I guess I'm better off just doublebagging them than trying to find some replacement for them.  




 I only climb a couple times a year, but the action is alot of pullup type moves combined with lots of stepping up into position where you're standing on the toes of just one foot.   So lats, bis, traps, calves.  And then the biggie - the one you'll feel first and foremost that will gas out first and leave you hurtin... forearms.  Huge gripping action that I really doubt anyone would develop outside of climbing ... your forerams will be barking for sure.   


Give it a try, most gyms allow single-day drop in fees without a membership,and you can rent the gear.  

Depending on your goals you may still want to lift separately, and I would definitely do  cardio in addition. 




 this.  I think they tried to hint at a plot somewhere though... I must have blinked.  as a mindless action movie I enjoyed it, but it was every bit about the over-the-top action freakshow that I remember the original ones to be. 




 Searching for a new dishwasher myself, thanks for the details.  How is Maytag at actually drying the dishes ?  This is why I want to replace mine ... no matter how long we leave them in, no matter what we do, they come out wet still ...every single time.  




 avoiding fees as your primary requirement. 

Good point.. upvoting.  




 In my opinion, joining a credit union is one of the most important personal finance decisions you can make.  My credit union offers better rates for cars, mortgage as well as savings and money markets than anything else I've ever found.  It actually even beats other credit unions... I've used commercial banks for a few things over the years, and it always just reminds me of how great my credit union is.  No comparison IMO.  

Also, you never heard of credit unions fucking over entire economies, and I'm pretty sure noone in a credit union is making millions of dollars a year... just something else to consider.    




 Hogan rolled back the bridge and tunnel tolls ? Hooray.  I don't pretend to understand the real economic issues behind it, but watching the B T tolls rise sharply really upset me.  




 I think it's completely fucking bullshit that we have to wait forever for infrastructure improvements while our taxes continue to climb, and then when we finally get an extra lane or two they want to charge fees on it, and worse, the new trend is ezpass only, forcing you to do business with ezpass agencies and dealing with their bullshit fees and bureaucracy.  I think it's REALLY unfair to poor folks too.   









   it's really difficult to build a secure authentication system from scratch.

Except not.  




 Unfucking acceptable. Set it on fire then knock on their door.  














  nailing your dick to a table

Oh, he was airborne !  




 You are correct, which is why this is an earnest question.  I could also keep them packed in my bag while in storage at home without worrying about them drying out and having to repack  them, making packing just that much simpler.  Yes, small details, but ultimately getting lighter is about paying attention to many small weight losses.  




 Actually neither are just alcohol.  Baby wipes definitely aren't, and the active ingredient in strydex (and similar complexion) wipes is a mild acid.   Otherwise I'd totally just use alcohol; I plan on switching to an alcohol stove soon anyhow, so that would be perfect.  




 hah, lol, but nope, it's just grunt talk.  




 Sure enough, I just verified that I can buy stuff and have it shipped same day for orders over  35 dollars.

it's increasingly difficult to justify the expense and poor product selection of brick and mortars.  




 Don't fear the Reaper.   (Seriously,  you had to expect this at some point) 




 that's some fine sweating man.  reminds me of how I spent pretty much every weekend last year ...so glad to have finished that bathroom. 




 Yep, I'm serious here.  I always take acne wipes (like stridex pads) and baby wipes into the field.  Always. Whether as a grunt in exotic locales, or doing an overnight in a state park. 

On my last trip they leaked a bit, and combined they were several ounces.   So, in all seriousness, everyone every heard of baby wipes or acne wipes that come dry as in "just add water" ? 


 




 His name alone has made me laugh since I was 12.  




 heavy and bulky is relative.   I absolutely consider them to be both.  Those fuel canisters certainly weight a good bit, and you cant take along just what you need (unless you have a partially empty canister).  unlike alchol, where you can, say, measure out exactly what you need for two cups o joe.  But then, this isn't /r/ultralight.  




 I did a couple days recently  Brought plenty of mountain houses, and big ole boiler like you're describing.  Used it exactly twice.  Realized the only hot thing I care about when humping is hot coffee in the morning, and I can take my time with that.   When I started off I thought I'd be cooking all these phat meals, having 3, hell maybe 4 meals a day, living it up.  Turns out when I'm humping all day my body really doesn't want to eat, and I ended up eating more no-heat protein (jerky, tuna) than anything else.  Still have to have my morning coffee but I can do that with a really lightweight, small alcohol stove instead. 
 




 Those [survivalist folks] (http://offgridsurvival.com/mres/)   apparently put a lot of consideration into buying MRE's. Personally I'd just buy a few off Amazon and call it a day.  

Your relatives are going to hate you by the way.
 




 NSFL 




 Hmm, 50/50 cotton poly. Not sure how well they would burn, which would be exactly my only use for them.  




  promotion worthiness to deciding if you're going to chaptered out or denied reenlistment. I intend to put in a Warrant Officer packet. In my packet, I have to hand in my last 3 NCOERs.
 
 
 
 Hope that helps. Anyone else feel free to correct anything i may have missed.

What's the karma to promotion points conversion ratio ?  




