 Was anyone else expecting the dinosaur to have a massive dong? 









 I'm calling bullshit on this. But even if it is true, I took a quick glance at your post history and no fucking way am I taking advice from a racist piece of shit who regularly posts to /r/CoonTown. You can take those bigoted thoughts and fornicate you're rectum with them. 




 "You're eyes can be so cruel! Just as I can be so cruel..." 




 Thank you OP, for posting this. 




 I agree with you to an extent. But you'll find if you delve into it that people being spared by reason of insanity is a very rare occurrence. And is the exception rather than the rule. The entire situation with Gein is kind of a Catch-22, his victims deserve justice but at the same time is it right to kill someone with the mental capacity of a child? 




 Ed Gein was born in 1906, the psychological trauma he endured from his mother as well as the severe isolation imposed on him carried on through his childhood up until well after his mother's passing.

At the time psychology was, in all intensive respects, in its infancy. Hell, the World Health Organization (WHO) didn't announce mental health as an important aspect of healthcare until 1946.

Brock Chisolm quoted saying: "Surely the training of children in home and schools should be of at least as great public concern as their vaccination.... Individuals who have emotional disabilities of their own--guilts, fears, inferiorities--are certain to project their hates on to others... [S]uch reaction now becomes a dangerous threat to the whole world....

So yes, while we do have pills that aid in fixing chemical imbalances and easing the mental problems of those afflicted. We also have a completely different attitude toward mental disease as a whole, and modern therapy reflects that as well as everything we've come to understand in the last 100 years.

Its easy for people to bash on mental health methodology and say they just throw pills at people until they become docile enough to tolerate, but that's not really the case. And I can attest to that personally. I've been diagnosed by two psychiatrists, both determining I have moderate OCD as well as other problems that are comorbid to it. I spent most of my life in a state of misery and fear, but now that I'm seeing a wonderful therapist and have a psych who's helping me find a proper medication regime, things are really starting to look up. 




 Only two murders, the rest of the corpses were dug up from a local cemetery. The car he used to transport them was sold in an auction after everything came out. His home was burned down, but the culprit was never caught. 




 I'd be gay for Bowie. 




 Fucking hilarious. 




 You'd be surprised what someone who's spent their life hunting can do with a sharp enough knife. 




 He also had nipple belts, shoeboxes filled with female genitalia. Skin masks, skin chairs, skin lamps. He would make bowls from their skulls. He drew the line at necrophilia though, albeit just because he couldn't get over the smell. He would gut them and leave them to dry in his barn.

His is a really sad case. For all the horrible stuff he did, he was very mentally ill. When he was caught he spent the rest of his days at an institution, and the people who worked with him said you could never hope to meet a nicer person. Thankfully psychology has advanced since then and we have the means to help people before they deteriorate to this point.

Edit: For anyone interested in reading on him I highly recommend this book. The author is very well respected in true-crime circles and is very credible. Word of warning for the squeamish, it does contain some photos of the gutted bodies he had hanging in his barn.

*http://www.amazon.com/Deviant-Shocking-Story-Original-Psycho/dp/0671025465 




 Yeah, as well as Norman Bates from Psycho and Leatherface from The Texas Chainsaw Massacre. 




 "Dad, why can't you just accept our love is real? She's my waifu and the bearer of your grand-pillows." 




 [That's classified] (/spoiler) 




 Looks like a lot of spaghetti. 




 YEYYYYYY! I'm relevant. 




 Hot Pockets. 




 You make the rockin world go round. 




 "Pocket sand!" 




 Dot.Hack//Sign. 




 Sweep the leg. 




 Diarrhea. 




 Where's the cocaine? 




 Imagine you have unbidden, unwanted thoughts about people close to you dying. Everytime the thought occurs an unknown forces sucker-punches you, spreading a crippling sense of paralysis through your body. The means to alleviate that unknown force can be damn near anything. Checking lights, repeating words, the most pointless and unnecessary actions. You know that but you HAVE to complete the action over and over to assuage that crippling pain. And for a lot of us, the more you give in the more intense and complex those compulsions become. Until you're spending hours washing your hands or touching the doorknobs in "the right way". 









 "He that is slow to believe anything and everything is of great understanding, for belief in
one false principle is the beginning of all unwisdom." - **Anton Szandor LaVey** 




 Unbuttoned... 




 *Schwingggg* 




 Woman named Marijuana Pepsi Jackson...

http://www.jsonline.com/news/milwaukee/40874017.html 




 For when you can't wait until Sunday for a mouthful of the lord. 




 The Marquis de Sade's "Bum-cleaver". 




 What's wrong with her??? OMG! 




 His ring finger burns every time he thinks about cheating again. 




 CRap. 




 Marijuana Pepsi Jackson. 




 Ha. 




 Many thanks. This is by far by favorite sub, I love thinking up this fucked up shit. 




 These would be perfect for the bathroom. Everyone who goes to Barnes and Noble and has to poo right after knows what I mean. 




 Joe Swanson called it. 









 Dat.Ass. 




 *Get on my level* 




 OP you better deliver. 




 Can you...can you stick it up your ass? I mean, its what Bert would want. 




 The douchebag kid from Two and a Half Men. He went full retard from the show. 




