 For this moment in time, you are the sole reason for all these people to take the energy to think and type out nice things. You are central in their minds and all they want to do is make you smile. 

And no one can take that from you 




 Pebbles cereal. They were a cross between fruit loops and rice bubbles. Plus you got a Flintstones figurine in them 




 My husband's friend works at a local radio station and we call in requests all the time. Luckily we share excellent taste in music, so our songs invariably get played 




 This just makes me happy. Those horsies are gorgeous! /r/disney would LOVE this 




 I watched it for the first time other day and found myself wondering why on Earth it took me that long 




 My husband likes to fondly call me Cunt Rocket. 




 As an Australian coming to this thread:

Wut? 




 Is your Uncle Homer Simpson? 




 I love it, but I am curious to see how it looked with a darker background. More jungle-like, y'know? It would make the characters pop more I think 




 8 years old and got your period, you poor thing. What a nice lady! 




 "Put on a jacket"

Such a kind old lady thing to say. I hope to be one of those nice old ladies who just goes around telling people to put on a jacket or they'll catch a chill 




 Yeah, I was getting an asshole vibe from him, which is why I shut it down. No point in getting into arguments with people like that 




 I just don't understand your problem, so I am not going to bother.

You seem to have me pidgeon-holed as some man-hating feminist, and if you can jump to that conclusion after reading 2 posts then you can have fun with the rest of your judgemental life. I sure as hell wont be taking anything you have said to heart, or even remembering it when I wake up tomorrow. 




 I am going to assume that you have not experienced any of the type of catcalling I am referring to.

That single occasion wasn't the only time I have experienced something like that. I have been called a slut because I didn't respond to one man. I have been told I am ugly anyway because I didn't respond to another. 

So excuse me if I make a few assumptions about men who call out to women on the street. They aren't all out to rape me, but even if it is just a wolfwhistle, it is very clear that they just don't understand how stressed out it can make women feel. What if that simple appreciate wolfwhistle I ignore is just the prelude to something more horrible? I stick by my saying "most men" because if you are a man, you would have little idea of what it is like to have strangers ogle you, call out to you, or whistle at you since you were 13 years old almost *every* time you walk down the street. I have spoken to people about this and it is common for men I speak to about it to brush it off, calling it a compliment. I did not say most men DO call out, and I did not say most men threaten to rape me, I said most men think the mild forms of catcalling are OK. If this generalisation offends you then...well that's not my problem.

On top of this, I really don't appreciate you telling me "I hope you don't have sons". I probably will have sons and I will certainly make a point of teaching them what behaviours I feel are unacceptable, which I feel includes any kind of public singling-out of women based purely on their looks.

For the record, I never once went on about "the patriarchy, the patriarchy", "rape culture" or "male privilege". I simply shared my personal experiences. They aren't wrong and you can try all you like to dismiss them, but I will use them to teach my children what is acceptable and what is not. If you think that will mess them up, then I don't want to think about what you will teach yours 




 [More like this]( http://i.imgur.com/n8hWuBA.jpg) 




 Now kiss! 




 Morticia was my mum's idol. She used to dress like her, act like her, she even had the cane chair and would sit exclusively in it during dinner parties. To me this was normal, but soon I realised that no one else's parents dressed like vampires...and then I realised my mum was cooler than their mums 




 [This]( http://i.imgur.com/ENrIi97.jpg) ceiling?

I went there a few years ago and couldn't stop staring either. This is.my favourite pic from my holiday 




 [This shit](http://m.heraldsun.com.au/leader/outer-east/a-man-who-took-an-innocent-selfie-at-westfield-knox-has-his-image-splashed-all-over-facebook-by-a-mum-who-thought-he-took-photos-of-her-children/story-fnrwkhlp-1227342634069)

 




 If she were present... 




 Maybe so. I would not say most men do it, but I would say that an awful lot wouldn't see the wolfwhistling and shouts as inappropriate 




 I haven't seen much of the promos, but I did watch a news piece on them and was amused by the people who objected because the doco was "unflattering" to the town. 

Reality isn't meant to flatter, it just is. You can't sprinkle glitter on a turd and call it a diamond. If parts of your town are as bad as this doco makes them seem, then serious change needs to happen...and I am not talking about the show producers 




 Great read.

Time and time again it just floors me that most men think it is OK to shout things at women, even if they have a wife, gf, sister or daughter.

I was getting catcalls early in my teens because of my big chest, even when I was in school uniform. At first I was flattered, then annoyed, then eventually I found out what happened if I ignored these men...I was threatened.

Once, I was walking home from uni and was catcalled by a neighbor down the street. I ignored him...so he threatened to rape me.

What. The. Fuck?

I had to change my walking pattern home. I usually walked through a park with little lighting because it saved me 15mins...but I had to change that because some fat wank didn't get his ego stroked when I ignored his caveman-like advances.

It makes me sick, and I hope to one day have sons and show them just how horrifying this behaviour is. Maybe change will come eventually. 




 IMHO, you are an asshat 




 Goes to show how little time he has for those type of shennanigans 




 "Here, lemme just-"

"No!" 




 One time, sitting out the front of my house in rural Queensland Australia, I was absentmindedly staring at the trees across my yard when suddenly, one of the branches moved.

For some stupid reason my brain instantly decided there was a monkey in our tree, but then I remembered I was in Australia, so it changed and decided it was our cat.

We don't have a cat.

It took one more moment, during which my brain contemplated the possibility of ninjas in our tree before the branch moved again and I realised I was looking at one of [these]( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/79/Tawny-frogmouth.jpg).

I am not a smart woman sometimes 




 Tis but a fleshwound! 




 Dueling Domes 




 Do you cut an X in the top? I cut a shallow X in the top of mine before I steam them.and they take even less time 




 I would even be OK if it were a cartoon. They vould really do the funny scenes then without blowing a budget on CGI 




 Cutting Circles? 




 The discoverer of the "messages" is never going to be believed again. 

"Guys! Alien signals!"

"Pfft...yeah dude. Right. Sure it isn't the toaster this time?" 




 OMG that makes me so happy! Thank you 









 Regicide can apply to other members of the Royal fam, tho....so I might get a little out of the way before they get me.

If you can get me on that throne, I will give you the best appartment in the city! 




 I don't know much about the exact lineage, but if a whole lotta members of the Dutch Royal Family all died at once, I could ascend the throne.

...now excuse me while I go commit mass regicide 




 *And nor do I 




 That's not laziness! That is just being practical and efficient 




 Woof. 




 We bought a good one....my house is just very long. There are 5 rooms between our bedroom and the study 









 Kangaroos are larger mostly, and because they are so large their legs are more out of proportion to their [bodies]( http://cdn.c.photoshelter.com/img-get/I0000jBZey4p.gYg/s/750/750/AUS-05-11-05441.jpg). Wallabies have shorter, more compact legs.
Wallabies are also a little more drab in their coats, and slightly shaggier. A roo will be almost shiny 




 Leprechaun orgy 




 Who let this guy in? 




 People just don't make stuff like this anymore. It's gorgeous! 




 Gping on Chat Rooms and having creeps try to cyber me 




 Wood you guys cut it out! 




 I can't help but giggle at dogs with nub tails, even though I know they aren't natural. 

Happily though, docking of tails and ears is illegal here in Australia 




 I have no idea how someone could ever clip those ears. Look at them!!! 




 I have been told he is a Dobermann 




 Ha ha ha nice toes! He doesn't look impressed

But yeah, maybe the same breed! 




 I'm not certain sorry. He is my friends' pup 









 I like the cute one who looks from one side to the other 




 No-one....that you know of 




 Cool! Thanks :)

Did you use a cotton? 




 Love it! Defs going to give it a go.

Question, do you find the "neck hole" to be too big? It looks like it might slip off your shoulders there 




 ...I do 




 Probably coz it's a French word 









 So the principal can kick her ass, right? 




 IM PENGUIN? 




 I just watched the episode with Little Dude and was struck by the strong resemblance between him when possessing the bun guy and Susan Strong

Maybe a coincidence, and I haven't got any substance to this theory...but I feel like there is a link


http://img2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20130205230054/adventuretimewithfinnandjake/images/d/d3/Adventure_Time_-_Little_Dude_007_0004.jpg

http://oi45.tinypic.com/16iihdh.jpg 




 Are you kidding?

It looked just like [this]( http://www.malteseworld.com/images/Holly's%20Show%20Girl%203.jpg) 




 This has been my aim from the get-go. Persistance pays off I suppose 




 It feels...nice.

The comment in question was a good one. Nothing weird, NSFW or /r/nocontext worthy, so I can feel good about it I guess? 




 Marvelous! 









 I was sure it was a gif for a good 30secs 




 I see what you were going for, but....no 




 D: 




 You got it. I do enjoy a bit of embellishments when I tell a story. I most definitely would have kept the pup if I could have, but I would have felt insanely guilty if I never made an attempt to find an owner 




 He is the better half of us. I am sure I would have eventually tried to find the owner, but at that first moment, I was tempted 




 :( 




 While I can't warn you off our Foxihuahua, because he is a gentleman, I can say that you do not want out Foxi Russell. She is a bitch. [Total bed hog](http://i.imgur.com/LyZIAz7.jpg), needy, annoying and dumb as a brick. 

Please don't steal my dogs :( 




 My dogs are bonkers for popcorn. I am afraid that one day they will discover that *other* people have popcorn too and will totally bail on me 




 Good work! Keep it up 




 I'm no saint...I was sold on keeping the little fuzzball 




 I have only been with 2 and I am married. More would have been nice, but I have made my choice.

15 is hardly a big number, and even if it was, so what? Life is fun, sex if fun, people are fun....go have fun! 




 It is a puppy thing usually. Older dogs don't get them as much 




 A comment I wrote a while ago to another post:


One day, my husband and I were out the front of our house when a little streak of white came out of nowhere and disappeared under our car. After a little bit of coaxing and calling, I pulled out the smallest, most frightened ball of fluff ever. Poor little pup was shaking so bad. He didn't have a collar on, and he was so cute and frightened I instantly decided that he was mine. My husband, however, was more practical and insisted I take him to a vet to check for a chip. Reluctantly, I did, and unfortunately there was a chip. It was registered to an address right around the corner from ours.

With a heavy heart and an armful of wiggly, fluffy puppy I went home and then set off down the street. As I turned the corner I saw a girl in her mid teens sitting out the front of her house, crying. As I walked up she looked at me and then her face lit up with the most joyous smile. With no hesitation I handed back the fluffball and the girl burst out with tears of joy.

Man, I wish I could have kept that puppy, but no amount of tiny puppy kisses were worth having to see a heartbroken girl mourning the loss of her new friend. 

TLDR, found puppy, found microchip, found joy in returning it to its owner


Edit: I am going to be one of those people who say "Holy cow! My first gold!" Thankyou anonymous stranger for popping my gold cherry! 




 "I don't think you're a waste of space." 




 Way I see it, if you are asking "Do I need a lawyer?" you *need* a lawyer 




 Marvelous 




 I like that one where he looks at Littlefinger like "Dafuq, did you just that?!" 









 We had a hoarde of staffies growing up...buff dogs are the best dogs :P 




 Looks at those muscles! What a sweetheart 




 Not once, in the whole song 




 And here is the owner being reunited with them:

http://imgur.com/JLG7tgG 




 Oh my sweet summer child. If you think this story is going to have an LSH ending, you haven't been paying attention 




 But she gives away free shit...so she must be OK 




 Was it teetertottering back and forth? Because I am imagining that now 




 Great explanation! 




 ERRYBODY LOOK LIKE ANTS! 




 Wasn't it because he was very sick? 




 Mmmm. Yes, indeed. Quite 




 But then it does give us little gems like "Not today" 




 *And there are many paths to tread* 




 Now I imagine a pie with a sausage poked into it and it is just silly 




 Thanks for the new background! 




 n 




 Cheerleader - Omi

'She don't make me feel like cheatin'"

Wut. 




 No. 




 My husband scared me the other day by coming home early, while I was in the middle of vaccuming. I didn't know he was in the house until I turned around and saw him standing in the doorway of the room I was in.

My immediate reaction? I screamed and fell to the floor.

Yeah, great reflexes there train_subject889. You'll do real well in the Zombie Apocolypse 




 Condition: Fabulous! 




 Potato gems. 

If there is a person in this world who doesn't like potato gems...I don't want to know them! 




 That would make a good swaddle 




 My husband would probably react by punching the thing that scared him like this, so it would end badly for me 




 I asked God why he took my mother away from me...and no one answered 




 I throw in some variety when I do it:

Take him as deep as you can and hum

Massage the bottom of the shaft with your tongue as you suck

Give his balls some attention. Fondle, tickle, or even just cup them

Put your hands on his hips and rub/massage him or pull him towards you 




 I have lived longer with my mum dead than with her alive...and I am slowly forgetting everything I remember about her 




 Look at that adorable half-assed attempt to be vicious! 

...rarr...rrrrarr 




 This advice is the best advice. 

You don't need a partner to be happy, you need to be happy to get a partner. 




 Oh man, I would never tolerate a biter. It's not cute, it's bad parenting. 

My foxihuahua is friendly but territorial. If he doesn't know you, you are the enemy and will be barked into submission...but if you are friend, he is all over you. You WILL be his best friend, whether you like it or not. 




 Poor chihuahuas...they get such a bad rap! I have a foxihuahua and he is, like 50% good manners, 40% timidness and 10% vibrations.

Here he is looking fly in his puffy coat:

http://i.imgur.com/NPHOr7d.jpg

His name is Marty McFly 




 Hagrid is that big, awesome uncle that everyone wishes they had. 

The image of him carrying Harry out of the forest, thinking he had died just shattered my heart.

If he had died in the books I would have gone on such a rampage 




 Sounds like normal highschool drama to me

...except for the murders 




 I love it but can I suggest that the L be taller? Kinda looks like an i 




 Kinda would have given away his whole ruse though...if someone discovered that he used the name of the guy he supposedly hated and killed? 




 I figured that the gargoyles just let Harry in, despite that not being the password. He earned it 




 Aww, sorry :( Have you tried Amazon? 




 No. 4 Nothing but eyes in a box 




 Yump yump yump yump 




 Whackos? 




 Simpsons reference.

Lisa boycott's Homer's BBQ and suggests they serve no meat 




 I think you can in Europe 




 They wanted people to do that 




 I lack the urethral dexterity to pull that off 




 Has anyone been able to find the perfect thing to say? 




 Oooh that's a nasty one. Practically a death sentence! 




 I heard she said that he cancer was in her brain....then her liver, then her uterus, and then her blood. 

How did no one pick up that she was a bullshitter earlier?! 




 Nah he just kept puffin 




 Look at that tum tum! 




 :( 

That is sad. We at least had some time with our little one. His parents held him a few times, but I only got to on the day we went in to say goodbye. He wasn't awak though 




 Cardboard boxes are the best! 




