




 Lets see whose number will be next. 




 NYPD Red 3 by James Patterson 









 What a view. It's mesmerizing... 









 These are the most common questions that I exchange with folks when we first meet.  I think they are representative of a typical interaction between strangers.

How are you doing?

Where are you from?

What do you do for a living?

Where did you go to school and what did you study? 




 My Positive Attitude and Patience... 




 If the earthquake hadnt happened, this thing would have past already 




 When my youngest brother surprised me with latest CD of maroon 5 (He knows I'm crazy about Adam Levine).  I know i can easily listen to it at spotify or itune.  But the effort he gave to get the CD and send to me was just awesome.  He's the sweetest.  :-) 




 http://imgur.com/Ow6KdZS 




 this photo is making me really want to visit the US again! 




 So beautiful! 









 On Looking: Eleven Walks with Expert Eyes 




 r/upliftingnews 




 I would go back to the age of 18, when I had chosen stream for graduation. I wanna change my decision of that time. 




 My hair... 




 Eat and drink slowly. When you eat or drink fast, you can swallow a lot of air, which can cause gas, says Bickston. The simple solution? Slow down when you eat. If you have dentures, check with your dentist to be sure they fit properly so youre not gasping air while eating. 




 Press any key to continue, "There is no any key on my keyboard"... 




 Being stuck on a 4 hours bus ride. The bus driver had the heat all the way up. The windows would not open. Pleople smoked on the bus. It was like being trapped in a portable hell. 




 Be imaginative and start a charity project. There are groups and organizations in need of help raising funds or gathering materials. One student, whose brother was ill during his childhood, saw the need to help the Ronald McDonald house by collecting gently used toys. Another realized that his test prep books would go to waste, so he created a charity that collected these books and donated them to schools and libraries so students could use them without having to purchase them. Not only will you be helping others but you will communicate to colleges that you value community. 









 Spanking mostly. 




 Dan Carlin's Hardcore History. Dude is passionate and knowledgeable. 




 (   )  









 All my ex girlfriends. 




 torture chamber in the Ministry of Love 









 When I was in middle school, our entire class was lined up outside our History class after recess, waiting to get in. We waited like 10 minutes, wondering where our teacher was. He suddenly bursts through the door and is SUPER PISSED OFF. There is practically steam coming out of his ears.
He divides the class, putting 5 people on one side of the room, and the rest of the class on the other. On the floor, there is a large rectangle of masking tape. He gives rolls of tape to the 5 selected students, and instructs them to bind the hands of everyone on the other side of the room. Everyone in the class is creeped right out.
As our hands are being bound, anyone who speaks gets hushed immediately by our furious teacher. He stares them down with an intense look of disapproval and gives the slitting-your-neck sign language with his finger. When everyone is bound, he makes the class lie down, one by one, inside the taped rectangle. He then instructs the 5 students to tape our legs and mouthes. Kids start to protest, but he yells at them to be quiet and lie down. When the entire class is bound and gagged on the classroom floor, tiled up like sardines, the teacher turns off the lights and leaves the room.
Everyone starts freaking out, ripping the tape off, getting up. Chaos descends. Nobody can figure out what the fuck is going on.
The teacher comes back into the room with a huge shit-eating grin on his face and says "Now you all know what it's like to be on a slave ship heading to the colonies!"
He was fired a few weeks later. 




 I believe in the possibility that there are other life forms inhabiting corners of the universe other than our little patch of earth. I am not saying that this life might be intelligent life or even life on a scale as we know it - it might be bacterial level or in a state which we cannot in our current knowledge imagine. And then again maybe there are other vastly more 'advanced' (or maybe 'civilized' is a better way to put it) life forms out there that we no nothing about.  




 I am going with my family in Croatia. I like Croatia beaches and family park, It has a great attraction for their all visitors. 




 Shit, I'm awake. 









 I lost 15kg since march this year, I'm insanely proud of myself :) 




 Man from Earth 




 I appreciate you saying so! 




 Trust no one. 




