 I haven't thought about getting help before because just as you said, I didn't even believe I had an addiction problem. Then my boyfriend asked me not to take the pills one night so we could have "cuddle time" (sorry, maybe too much info there) and I panicked because I didn't think I could handle being swamped with my thoughts right then. I'm thinking I probably should try to talk to someone  




 Thanks for the info. The only kind of support group type settings I've been in were enforced anger management groups when I was in high school. NA sounds a bit more accepting 




 This post will probably be a bit of a mess.  
  
Over the past couple of months I've started to realize that I'm relying too much on my pain medication to get me through days that I'm not having problems with my condition that I'm prescribed it for. I would like to stop using it altogether and try other pain management things but right now I'm too afraid that trying to do that will topple this proverbial card house that I've built. Nothing feels stable.  
  
I'm only 23 but it still worries me that I have no real direction in my life. My job is not a bad one but there is no option for moving up in the company from my position. I have just barely enough money to scrape by each month if I'm actually being responsible and most months I don't even make my student loan payment. I filed bankruptcy a few months ago and now I worry if anything happens to my car I won't be able to get another one. I have severe anxiety that I take medication for that tends to make me sleepy a lot so my energy level is almost a non-existent sliver on a graph. I think this makes me feel like a don't have the will to change things a lot of the time because I'm just too tired.  
  
I know my pills aren't really helping anything. They are supposed to be there for when my endometriosis symptoms flare up and I absolutely have to have something. But I'm taking them four or more times a week and have to really try hard not to take them more just because I'm having problems dealing with things in other areas of my life.  
  
I'm sure counseling might help but I'm too afraid that I really can't afford $50 just to go talk to someone for an hour. I was thinking about going to an NA meeting but I get anxious around groups of people larger than 3-ish and I feel like they might realize I'm not really ready to quit yet and call me out on it. I really wish I had a better support system. I do have my best friend, we are close and have been for about 13 years but she also struggles with things that make me worry about putting any more on her shoulders. I also have my boyfriend but we have only been dating for a little over 5 months and I worry about telling him how unstable I really feel. I'm not close with my family at all.  
  
I'm just not sure where to start making changes in my life and I'm afraid of trying to give up the one thing that helps me get through bad days with everything else I'm supposed to be dealing with.  
  
:(  
  
Needless to say, I'm having a bit of a rough day. 




 I really like reeblebeeble's reply.  
  
I would highly suggest if you aren't already taking a daily vitamin, definitely do so. I take medication for acute anxiety and I often make myself a bit sick with my worry and forget to make myself eat right. The vitamin helps me get the things my body needs to run that I otherwise wouldn't get. A car can't run without fuel, and neither can our bodies. I think its just like reeble said, there isn't really a magic formula, all the little bits of advice will help add up to a bigger solution 




 I was just thinking that! 




 I just want to squish his little face!!! Adorable :)  




 Oh dear, that's an interesting reason for the collapse of the web. They definitely made sure we wouldn't joke about killing their baby-faced dictator again, now didn't they? Thanks for your reply! 




 So it has come to this? 0.0' Your body was among thousands of others found alone in their homes by looters scavenging for supplies. An eerie reminder of the connections between each other that were lost in the internet age. Thanks for your reply! 




 Oh woe is us! Will we never know of this interesting prompt you thought of?? Thanks for your reply! 




 Hopefully Jerry was more appreciated at his new job!! Great submission by the way, I enjoyed reading it 




