 Please look into the adoption route, if you are in Canada west coast feel free to PM me and I will offer any help I can. Heck, no matt where you are PM if you wish. 




 Your friend is beautiful. I see nothing wrong with her in any way.
 




 Your readers are smart people, they will understand the implications with very little input.  




 Your oil change is overdue... 









 History is written by the victors. Do you really think that they will honestly tell the entire truth, or the truth at all?  




 And there is a Montrose in Canada as well...BT we have the T-Rex here. 




 No, you can start on the last day, just have to type fast! 




 Hopefully my next one, I can see it in my head, I just need to get it made! 




 Even though I make less than 10 bucks a month from my writing, I still do it. Even have another book coming out next month. I love making the stories. If I make money one day? Great! If not...maybe my kids will proffit from it, or at least have something to remember me by. 

Either way, the stories will always continue. 




 Book one on Amazon is called Past Jumper. Would love to have your take on it.  




 Thank you! 

The first book is actually free on amazon right now, I am editing the last book (5) as we speak. :)  




 Time travel, shielding, flight, pyromania, healing unfortunately the world isn't sticking around long enough for any of it to last. 




 Thank you. Every one helps. 




 If you could also share my page on Facebook or any other media, I would be very appreciative.

HTTPS://www.Facebook.com/jamieheppner

 




 My mental capacity will degrade in the coming years, it's one way to leave something for my children, and perhaps they will reap some financing from it as well.  




 I remember. 




 So, nice pictures and all, but what books were you reading? Any chance one of them was one of mine? 




 This is the warning on the back of some very "offshore" lights that the store I work at has started selling. 

I feel like I am going to have a hard time standing behind this product. 









 As a general rule, linking your work like this is frowned on by Reddit. I speak from experience. You would do better to find another method of promotion.


And yes Anal? Is this supposed to be a XXX story? 




 So far the longest I have had published is at 96k. A touch under the majority, but I still think it's plenty. 
Have a few sitting at the 40-80k as well.  




 Yeah, no. 




 I read that as ponies...Still one you don't want to listen to.  




 Why is a good question. It keeps you sharp. 




 I auth - therefore I am... -er- 




 I am an author, insanity runs in my blood...and they let me out on a day pass...so back off!

;-)  




 If I couldn't control them, it would be very hard to type this from under a semi truck wheel... 




 That's why I started writing. At least computer time has a purpose now.  




 The consistant ones can be hard to ignore.  




 I am having a hard time thinking of a use for it...but it's better than none at all! 




 They are all mine, just the public and the not public sneak out sometimes.  




 This one! So much this one... 




 For instance, I was just walking down the street and a semi drove by really close. I thought, "Hmn, it would be super easy to dive under the wheels" Of course, that would be counter productive. But the thought was there. What random thoughts have popped into your head during the course of a day that are totally not your norm?

(I am by no means suicidal, it was just the thought.) 




 I will have to start squirreling away some money, thanks for the input. 




 The reason I have chosen to be an indie is that I am lacking in extra $. What I do have goes to debt, or bills. Spending more on promotion isn't an option. 




 I am an author. I have many books out and more coming soon, yet I am seriously lacking in the exposure side of my work.

Things I have done are:

- blog release
- tweets (many)
- Facebook promo (shares, promotions, giveaways, paid promotions)
- local promotion, friends, word of mouth.
- Reddit ( limited, self promotion is frowned on, I know)

I have the work, it's available, people like it, yet I am lacking in growing my reader base.

Anyone have some suggestions on things I might have missed? Or is this it for me? 




 I text them to my wife, no-one cares if you text things. 




 Yes, I need a trailer too. But, I still need my limbs. 




 I have had some very good experiences there. 
 




 Bring that photo over to r/redditgetsdrawn something tells me you will love what they do with it. 




 May 19 is my birthday. I will remember. 




 Just getting my flair! Yay for books! 




 Awesome. Thank you :-)  




 That's beautiful. Thank you very much. 




 Give it to ten complete strangers and tell them to be honest.

Once you have that feedback, look at getting it out the farther. Until then, go write another one.

 




 Great line of thinking, would make a very interesting story. I will have to keep this thought of yours in mind and see if anything developes.  




 If you are still giving out flairs, I would just love to have "Aspiring Author" as mine, but since I see it's not a choice, I would be happy to have "Mirror Thief" as my second choice. 

It's the title of my latest work. Mirror Thief.

And Mirror Thief, since advertisers say you have to say something at least three times for it to lodge in your long term memory. 

Thank you :-) 
 




 Normally around 1000 per hour, but when I get in the "zone" I have topped at about 1500. It helps when I am writing an action scene. Those go faster...

Hence why I try to write in a lot of action. 




 And I am glad you did. Thank you, it's awesome! 




 Love it! Thank you, and I see you snooped back a bit ;-) awesome. 




 Nope, and I thought someone would ask this sooner. It was all done and placed for me. I had no say. 
 




 Jetsons will never die! 
LONG LIVE ROSIE!  









 Very welcome, would always love to have another reader. 




 You got it.

http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?url=search-alias%3Dstripbooks field-keywords=jamie+heppner rh=n%3A283155%2Ck%3Ajamie+heppner
 




 I will cross my fingers for you.  




 Ahh, I thought you had seen mine in it, sorry, I was confused. ;) 
 




 Bother. Do it, if you don't try you have already lost. 




 I will be looking into that asap, thank you. 




 Really? Pardon my ignorance, what is Books-A-Million? Do you have a link? 




 It all starts with one. :-)  




 That is a big deal too, thank you! 




 Thank you! 




 I did. It took a while to get it right, but in the end I used Createspace. After that it was a lot of personal contact, pushing my own sales and making friends with a lot of people. Sadly, you can't (normally) just write a book and hope it will get out there, you have to sell yourself as much as the work. 




 I find it interesting how I just posted a few days ago how my first novel, The Event, was written almost solely on my lunch breaks. It was the only time in my day I had nothing else to do but sit down.

 




 A couple years ago Amazon left my pricing alone, lately they have beef flip flopping it all over the place. 

Amazon will not inform you when they change the price, you have to watch it yourself, constantly, and it's an incredible struggle to get them to put it back. You lose almost all your rights when you sign up with them. 

I may consider sending that email. Communications with them about my work have been a little painful in the past, but thank you for the suggestion. 




 E-book pricing is generally lower than print book pricing. Yet Amazon takes a larger cut on e-book, so you have to decide to make far less, or raise your price some to compensate.

You get to start the pricing where you like it, but Amazon will change it with no notice to you. I believe you print version doesn't change the e-book versions pricing data all. 




 Thank you! If you like, I have some free works up on Amazon to pass your time with.  




 The joys of being forced to work with Amazon. They control the price structure. To make anything on it at all you have to mark it up, so when they choose to mark it back down for you, it's close to where you wanted it in the first place.

I am showing it at 160 pages though. (Paperback) Don't know why the kindle version is listing it at 111... 




 Huh, front page yesterday...Repost today... 




 Yeah, that's cool. I like that one.  




 Advice...Keep trying, if all else fails, try again. When that fails, try again. 


You are your own worst critic.


And lastly, 


Trust in yourself, and never stop promoting.  




 If you are interested in taking a look at what it is about, please feel free to look it up on Amazon. 









 My first real paper book is available in a real book store. And I am happy to share shelf space with other great authors like Brandon Sanderson and Amanda Hocking. 




 Yeah, the side bar said not to though. I try to be good even if I want to shout READ MY BOOKS! from the rooftops. 

I have been told that isn't very classy. 




 Mine is Mirror Thief, and I am sharing space with Brandon Sanderson. :-) 

Was trying to NOT turn my joy into shameless self promotion. But so be it! 
 









 Losing your walls can be a great way to move on. 

Everybody hurts. 




 Was my first thought...gunna crash back into someone's back yard. 




 Two years during lunch breaks at work on the first one. Bout four months on the second. Many other short stories and long ones started-finished in between. 

Come to think of it, I have way too many stories going on right now. 




 Yes, except I have pretty much gone full indie, so not exceptionally good there... 




 Finding a beta reader who will be honest with you can be a true challenge. It helps if you have no personal connection with the person yet still value their opinion. 

If you do happen to come across a person that fits this bill, you also have to remember that their opinion might not match the masses. That's where you have o go find another 5 of these people and compare all the notes. If they all agree, you have a problem. 

That's why sometimes people just decide to pay people to do it. It's a faster way to the same end. 

That being said, most people, like myself, can't afford to pay people. So when you do get a core group of beta's keep them close to your heart, their input can be immeserable. 




 Maybe we need to get some cross promoting going, hey, every post counts! 




 A caf I can understand, but I sell car parts now...lunch rush isn't related. Sometimes I dream of an office-cubicle job where everyone ignores you. Or for one of my books to take off, either would be nice. 




 And it's always around 11-3 or what we call, eat your lunch cold time. 




 I swear they just mill around waiting for a predetermined time to all rush in at the same time. 


It's a conspiracy... 




 I have been working the same job for 19 years. If I didn't have my family, and my writing, I don't know what I would have done. If you can find a way to get out, do it.  




 What gave it away ;-)  




 If the customers would just stop coming in, I would have so much more free time...but they don't.  




 *this or
Angel...always loved that show. 




 I have a collection of short that is up for free. It has hit the top 100 on amazon a few times. 

Before I put them for free they rarely sold at all. I can't say that they help my other works, but people do give them great reviews. Maybe in time the other stories will start selling better.  




 During the day I help people diagnose and fix cars while giving them the best deals on parts. During the night I am a superhero...or I write stories...one of those is a lie. 




 Incredible! Thank you! 




 Already...That is a win! Love it so far thank you! 









 Sadly, self editing is almost impossible. 

I know.

And I am so stubborn I keep trying to do it anyway. 




 I'm sure there is a reason, or I need to dust off some of those stories I haven't finished and get them up for sale asap! 




 Am I reading this wrong, you book is on sale for 4.99, yet it's only %10 done? 




 Glad to be of help. 




 It's not that hard as long as you work the scenes well. Be clear on your transitions and split the fight only when necc. It wouldn't hurt to have a reason why you shift, a loud noise, or an object moving from inside to out. A thrown chair perhaps? Give the reader a reason to shift from one to another. 




 POV first. I would start with the inside one for ease of structure. Who is seeing it? Are you in third person? How does it start. 

Writing fight scenes isn't that much different from any other scene, with the exception of how much detail to pour in. You don't need to describe the sound his knuckles made as they impacted his front teeth for instance.

Work with your characters, pay attention to the flow and let them tell you what is happening next. Describe that to your reader, and you will have your fight scene.

If that doesn't work. Call over a friend and have them act it out for you while you scribble furiously.  




 Touchy subject much? 




 Bump? Really? This isn't a FB post on a buy and sell... 




 If you ever decide to start writing proffesionally, let me know. I would love to work with you on something one day. 




 You forgot to mention the poop. 









 My son asked me at bedtime, "How much money do you have?"
I have always done my best to be honest with my kids, so I answered honestly, "About $70."
His response was, "How do we live?"

Pretty deep for a 6 year old. 

I work my 8-5 and it pays the bills. I have the dept, same as almost everyone else. I try to pull in money for my family on the side, when I can, yet there is never enough. I write books, my wife cleans peoples shitty houses. We are always living one paycheck to another.

There is never enough.

And I am getting tired of being broke.

I want to throw off my chains of my adult freedom. Yet, I wouldn't give up my life for anything.
 




 I have know a lot of pretty faced women who were very ugly on the inside. If you are truly a beautiful soul you need only wait and the right guy will find you. 

Just be sure you don't trap yourself in your own failing by looking at only the exteriors of the men around you. 




