 I agree. The most effective change needs to be done on the State level. Which is how our country is supposed to work. We do not need a larger federal government making general policies for everyone without understand what effects it has on individual local economies. Everyones needs are different. Plus I do not think we grasp the problem enough to implement broad federal changes at this point.. Things need to be done on the state level and done with what is best for that States environment. The problem with this is citizens always try to make change on the federal level. The biggest impact we can have is starting local and seeing what works best for individual communities. Things that work will translate into general public policy.  




 I agree. Its the nature of the beast. Automation will reign supreme in manufacturing. at some point. 




 I apologize if I took your comment wrong. But increasing minimum wage overnight would be very damaging to the bottom line. I would love to increase pay for all of our workers. But there has to be a realistic option that would not cause businesses to close their doors or leave communities jobless because all companies have pulled out. It has to be a slow and methodical change. We just cant add millions of dollars to our costs overnight and not expect a catastrophic event.  




 You seem to have no grasp on reality. If 1000 people lose their jobs that will be a much larger drain on the community than having people work, pay taxes, be provided health insurance, retirement plans (which we match), etc. Take that away and the local economy would be drained from all of the extra social services and less tax revenue. Tell your local commissioners to have all companies like mine shut there doors. Then come back and tell me what happens to your economy once this happens. You think its bad now it would be catastrophic doing things your way.  




 I am not forcing anyone to keep their job. They choose to stay here and work. If they can find a better job or higher paying job whats stopping them from going to get it? I am not keeping them here against their will. Most of our employees are happy with their jobs. Plus we susbsidize our employees healthcare. Which costs us $millions$ a month. A MONTH. They pay a 1/4 of the total cost of their health insurance because we subsidize it for them. Like a lot of companies do. 




 So you think the almost 1000 people we employ would be able to find another job when we are one of the largest employers in our region? lol It would just cause even worse conditions for people in the local economy. And I am not forcing anyone to work for me. They choose to work for us because we provide them with a job. Which is better than no job? Welcome to the world economy. Welcome to the giant sucking sound. Welcome to reality. 




 I agree that automation will kill lots of jobs. Increasing wages forcefully will only accelerate the idea of automation. Businesses have to continue to create their products. We are a world economy and a balance must be met to compete. If Americans want higher wages that just means less jobs. So take your pick. Less pay more jobs or more pay less jobs. That is the reality.  




 If my company went out of business almost 1000 people would lose their jobs and there is nothing in this area that would be able to fill them. So tell me how that would benefit the local economy or the overall economy? We are in the process of eliminating jobs with automation because margins are so thin as it is. You do realize US manufacturers have to compete with 3rd world countries correct? So we have to keep a balance or people will lose their jobs and be even worse off. This is not black and white. You cant just say *increase wages* and it not cause a ripple effect.  




 We are. We are in the process of transition. Our company has increased automation by almost 20% in the last 5 years. 




 No it wont. If I were to increase pay it would wipe out my margins leaving me selling my product at a loss and eventually shutting our doors. That would help the economy correct? Us shutting our doors taking health subsidies, jobs, and state federal taxes with it. Thats what you think is good for the economy? 




 They are laborers. Labor is a direct business cost.  




 My company doesnt provide a benefit? lol If my company went out of business almost 1000 people would lose their jobs and there is nothing in this area that would be able to fill them. So they would become an even more drain on the social system than they already are. If they want to make more money. They need to go get training and learn a skill that demands more money. And if increasing worker pay causes inflation to the point where the increase in pay is depleted by inflation cost in goods purchased then they would be in the same place they are now. Still requiring subsidies. On top of that my company pays out $millions$ in healthcare costs to subsidize the employees healthcare. Just like many businesses do. If we did not subsidize their healthcare they would be an even bigger drain on  social services.  




 I can only pay what my company can afford. Businesses are in business to make money. Just like employees get up and go to work to make money. We pay our skilled laborers a decent wage. 




 This is exactly what is happening or going to happen. Working smarter = less employees and more automation. So what would be the point of increasing wages if less people would be getting a wage? How does that help? We already pay our skilled workers a decent wage.  




 Yes they are. This is why we are seeing manufacturing move to places like Vietnam or Mexico. 




 Exactly. Increasing the minimum wage will only accelerate this from a Manufacturing standpoint.  




 "Skilled" laborers make more than minimum wage. Machinists, electricians, plc programmers, etc. are paid above minimum wage for their skill.  




 They wont pay more. If you force a company like mine to increase pay which hurts the company, we will just move our operations overseas and no one will have a job that relies on my company to provide for their family. We have done everything we could the last 6 years to decrease costs and compete with China. Increased labor costs would push us over the edge and require us to move our operations to keep our customers. Customers will not pay more if they know they can go somewhere else and get it cheaper. Which would happen. 




 Well I can only speak from a manufacturing standpoint. And if I remember correctly we are trying to ramp up manufacturing in the States. This would cause us to lose out to countries with lower labor costs. The only heavy turnover I get is from people that just don't like to show up to work. Workers cant go get a better paying job doing the same thing at other manufacturers either. Cause they are in the same boat as me. We are actually replacing workers with machines to increase productivity. I will not create work ethic for someone else. If they want a job and work hard they will get hired. If they do well I will look for ways to promote them.  




 Inflating cost of goods to give people more money is inflation. The same people I just gave the raise to would pay more for the products they were buying. Depleting any raise I gave them. Aside from that it would cause my company to lose business to manufacturers in other countries like China that have lower labor costs.  




 I know the company I work for is the only manufacturer in the United States for the product we make. If we were to increase costs it would force our customers to look at manufacturing from other countries. We have done all we can to compete with other countries as it is. Increasing costs would cut our legs out from underneath us. 




 Kind of hard to cut costs when you have already done that. The recession caused manufacturers to run lean and thin. They are already running lean and thin. Not much more room to cut. 




 My margins are almost non-existent. What little profit we do make we use to increase production capacity or hire new workers when demand increases. With an increase in direct labor costs I would no longer be able to do that. In fact it would cause me to sell my product at a loss resulting in possible closure of my operation.  




 I can tell you from experience. I manage a company that manufacturers goods. If I was forced to increase direct labor costs, with the thin margins I am already at, it would cause me to let workers go or increase the costs of my goods.  




 No one said it is the only cause of inflation. It will just cause more inflation. Its apparent no one in this thread has ever owned or managed a business. You cant just pull money out of thin air. Companies have to compensate for this increase in labor costs. They will do this by letting workers go or increasing prices on their goods. This is basic economics. This will be passed on to the consumer.  














 It will cause inflation. 




 Inflation 









 I miss 'Dubya'.  




 Shits about to go down... Putin style. 




 [Proper Procedure for removing the windows.old folder](http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows7/how-do-i-remove-the-windows-old-folder) 




 AT T is the worst. 

Source: AT T customer 




 US Marines are in Mexico. US Marines train Mexican Marines. 




 [Video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYl-f2uoltg) 




 Since Reddit I have forgotten how to internet.  




 Why can't we elect leaders like Eisenhower anymore? That guy was top notch.  




 I am ashamed of both parties. 




 It will fall when China allows it.  




 Was going to ask a question but 'what difference at this point does it make?!' 




 [r/politics:](http://www.reddit.com/r/politics/) Obamas left nut. 




 Dream Act recipients 




 *minorities...* 














 Classic Shell is free. 




 Damn proud!

Source: Am Southern folk 




 Challenger, go at throttle up. *roger, go at throttle up.* 




 You would think someone with a peace prize and lots of international clout would step up and say something. Guess its hard to say something when that someone is taking part in the construction of the finest police state in the world.  




 Johnson always looks like he's unimpressed.  




 [Avast Free Edition](http://www.avast.com/en-us/index) 




 Close enough.  




 Definitely Canadian.  









 Dat ass... 




 In theory, could it be biology thinning out the herd?  




 *Catherine says he's been holding out for a management position* 




 Only 43 when he died? Seems young. Anyone know cause of death? 




 The other 4 out of 10 need their heads *examined*.  




 Chicago loves to ban stuff.  




 I stream Netflix over a 1.5Mbps connection just fine. Have for years. 6Mbps would be a major upgrade for me. 




 Is it because their country has been through radiation therapy on 3 occasions?  




 Theres a considerable amount of damn commies in this thread. 














 "Sen. Paul will be discussing the lawsuit in an exclusive appearance on Fox News with host Eric Bolling at 10 PM ET on Friday." 

Guess we will find out tonight if its true.  




 Its just right across the map.  




 A considerable amount of Republicans I know actually have no issue with "Civil Unions". They have an issue with "Gay *Marriage*". 




 What kind of man allows himself to finish before his lady does?  




 Well, to be fair, we voted for them. and of course its never *MY* Congressman. ever 




 Am I the only one that noticed the subtle, and not so subtle, attacks on Snowdens character? Wasn't much said on the clear violations of the Constitution. I miss the days of journalism and the sense of responsibility they once felt to bring the truth, the real truth, to light. 




 "I have already intimated to you the danger of parties in the State, with particular reference to the founding of them on geographical discriminations. Let me now take a more comprehensive view, and warn you in the most solemn manner against the baneful effects of the spirit of party generally.  
  
This spirit, unfortunately, is inseparable from our nature, having its root in the strongest passions of the human mind. It exists under different shapes in all governments, more or less stifled, controlled, or repressed; but, in those of the popular form, it is seen in its greatest rankness, and is truly their worst enemy.  
  
The alternate domination of one faction over another, sharpened by the spirit of revenge, natural to party dissension, which in different ages and countries has perpetrated the most horrid enormities, is itself a frightful despotism. But this leads at length to a more formal and permanent despotism. The disorders and miseries which result gradually incline the minds of men to seek security and repose in the absolute power of an individual; and sooner or later the chief of some prevailing faction, more able or more fortunate than his competitors, turns this disposition to the purposes of his own elevation, on the ruins of public liberty."  
  
George Washington, Farewell Address - Letter written To The People of The United States 




 *If you have nothing to hide what are you worried about?* 




 *He hurt my feelings!!! Fire him!!!* 




 Because I got to keep the same insurance I have always had? 




 Damn straight! 




 Hillary Clinton 2016!  
Jeb Bush 2020!  
Chelsea Clinton 2024!  
George P Bush 2028!  
  
Now that is change you can believe in. Way to show the establishment, Americans. You showed them good! 




 I currently pay $60 a month for health insurance. I priced out the same plan on healthcare.gov and would pay $280 a month if I got a plan through the site. and this is what people are excited about?  




 What the fuck did I just watch?! 




 When I purchase new machines through Dell I specify that I want an Office VLK with software assurance. It has downgrade rights to Office 2010 as well. Dell has a junk sku that will allow for 1 license instead of the 5.  




 TIL 




 That is a troubling statistic you have there. 









 Guaranteed there was something from that 1st bday that embarrassed the shit out of your father.  




 FUCK THAT BITCH! 




 There is a considerable amount of damn commies in this thread.  




 "if you want to test a man's character, give him power." 




 I'm here for the rustling.. 




 I read your username as 'The Yellow Pages' 




 I didn't agree with all of his politics but the man was a statesman. 




 Must not be much oil there. 




 I blame every politician in Washington.  




 I agree completely.  




 Its not whether or not I am angry, its whether or not society deems it ok to be angry. If the hive mind of society doesn't have your back you will be labeled and monitored. That's where I was getting at.  




 At what point, as an American, am I allowed to become angry? 




 Today they would be tased, beaten, and tried as adults for resisting arrest and fleeing.  




 Is this the same Gallup that had Romney winning the election? 




 The building behind me serves as a moral compass, not only for our country but for the world. And over my dead body are we going to find trash pouring out of these trash cans, he said. At the end of the day, we are the stewards of these buildings that are memorials.

Gawddamn, I want to shake this mans hand. 




 Probably just needs a reboot.  




 Doesn't Google run theirs a bit hotter because they realized it was cheaper for them to replace hardware than to cool the area? 




 He is the greatest American to ever live, IMO. 




 Can you give a lil background on this tool and what it is used for? 




 Ok, thanks! I don't know where I heard that. But thats why I asked. 




 Blind party support. from both sides. 




 Can the President not hold an emergency session and make Congress fund the government? I was thinking there was something about this in the Constitution. I am asking. 




 Did you include the militarization of local and state police forces and the inclusion of the DHS as a domestic police agency? I think you will find a huge increase in "security/defense" personnel. 




 Just think about it for a moment..... we, the taxpayer, pay these companies for information so we can spy on ourselves. WTF is wrong with us? 




 .gifs 




 [H.R. 205: To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to clarify the treatment of certain retirement plan contributions picked up by governmental employers.](https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/113/hr205) 




 I would still take Eisenhower over the swindlers we have had the last 40 years. 




 I enjoy taking long drives in the country side. I enjoy the act of driving. 




 Buyout candidate? 




 Awesome!  

I know this has nothing to do with this thread but I would love to see [North and South](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnUQQF9yOQI) (TV Mini Series in mid 80s) come to theaters for a 2 week special screening or something like that. I just absolutely love that mini series and would love to see it on the big screen. 




 There is a considerable amount of damn commies in this thread. 




 Yuengling is the oldest operating brewing company in the United States, having been established in 1829, and is one of the largest breweries by volume in the country. 




 Her constituents scare me the most.  




 So that means I can expect a trickle? 




 His grandson, S.I. Newhouse IV, was featured in the documentaries, ["Born Rich"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tmpuyiJYB4) and ["The One Percent"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEX0lSnMjaI) that were both directed by Jamie Johnson. Jamie Johnson is one of the heirs to Johnson and Johnson.

Edit: links 




 Tell them you would like the opportunity to be promoted. with pay increase. 




 I will always blame the constituents.  




 I hope they ranked Humans #1. 




 I never could bring myself to unfriend/defriend him. 




 |thanks to greed

FTFY 




 This guy just died. 




 Centralize printing while you have the opportunity. I have had great luck with Canon and Savin. Look into leasing with a maintenance contract as well.  




 Label your PCs with computer name. Put a physical label on each machine.  




 [LogMeIn Free](https://secure.logmein.com/products/free/) 




 [Avast Free Edition](http://www.avast.com/index) 




 9/11 Hijackers were Saudis. 









 but but Syria..... Donald Rumsfeld.... 9/11 Flag... 




 Thank you for the answer. I learned something new today.  




 Where does "gut microbiota" come from? Is it genetic or is it something we gain over time depending on our habits? I am completely ignorant to the subject.  




 Life... 




 lol 




 One of my dads customers was a Navy Seal Team instructor. He has been one of my dads customers for 10+ years. He gave my dad a Seal jacket with this particular mans Seal teams emblems on it. My dad wears it with pride. He brags about it all the time. "Did you see the jacket my customer gave me?" (with a big grin on his face) I couldn't imagine my father being treated this way for not being a Seal but wearing that  jacket.  




 All I heard from Kerry yesterday is that we must "protect Israel".. How about we let Israel protect themselves for a change. We have had too many American brothers and sisters killed or maimed protecting Israel while the Israelis sit on their couch and watch. You are the Secretary of State for the United States of America, not of Israel. 




 lol... no.... this guy.... lol 




 Why didn't they stop him at the gate before he entered?  




 As an American, I am tired of being the protector of Israel. Had too many American brothers and sisters killed or maimed protecting Israel while the Israelis sit on their couch and watch.  




 "Preventive war was an invention of Hitler. Frankly, I would not even listen to anyone seriously that came and talked about such a thing." - Dwight D. Eisenhower 




 Oh look someone spilled their Merlot.  




 They took an oath to protect the Constitution, the United States, and its people. Standing up for the Constitution should not be looked at as activism. They are upholding their oath. It should be more widespread. Bombing Syria does nothing to protect the United States homeland, its people, or founding documents. 




 Glad to see the military members not following orders blindly. Its against the law for service members to follow an unlawful order. They can be tried in a court of law for doing so.  




 Americans standing on the tracks is the only way to stop this speeding train. 




 You should do an AMA. 




 [CutePDF Writer.](http://www.cutepdf.com/)

PDF Printer driver. Allows printing to PDF format. 
























 "Often the best source of information about waste, fraud, and abuse in government is an existing government employee committed to public integrity and willing to speak out. Such acts of courage and patriotism, which can sometimes save lives and often save taxpayer dollars, should be encouraged rather than stifled. We need to empower federal employees as watchdogs of wrongdoing and partners in performance. Barack Obama will strengthen whistleblower laws to protect federal workers who expose waste, fraud, and abuse of authority in government. Obama will ensure that federal agencies expedite the process for reviewing whistleblower claims and whistleblowers have full access to courts and due process." - ChangeDOTgov  

This excerpt above was pulled from the site 2 days after the Snowden revelations.  

Obama has used the Espionage Act to charge more whistleblowers than any past President combined.   




 What are her views on the NSA disclosures? 




 Came here for a 'deal with it' gif made from this video.. left disappointed.  




 What are your ideas on how to fix the crumbling infrastructure?   
How would you pay for the fixes needed?  
  
Thank you for the AMA. 




 Where'd he go? 




 The man is a dictator. 




 Hold on there, cowboy, can you load the dishwasher? 




 What the fuck did I just watch? 




 Their voting record says different. 




 What is her stance on the NSA disclosures? 




 "Where the people fear the government you have tyranny. Where the government fears the people you have liberty." - John Basil Barnhill 




 What this clerk did should be encouraged, not stifled.  




 It's her constituents that scare me the most. 




 Fuck that guy! 




 Bang Bus van? 




 Can't tell his lawyer? This can't be Constitutional... 









