 I've only gone primarily mid lane eve this patch. Her clears are just too painful, and she doesn't really benefit from any other jungle items. (Devourer is nice, but farming the stacks isn't effective on her.) 


BOTRK is absolute core on her. It increases her burst significantly, and gives her strong sustained damage and sticking potential. Manamune helps with her mana problems (you can't consistently use your passive in lane), plus it gives a massive damage increase when it's it's completed. You then have a choice between IBG or Triforce next, 90% of the time I go iceborn, as you often need that little extra tankyness to survive teamfights. From there it's more situational, but I usually go banshees, and I often pick up a last whisper as the majority of your damage is physical. Boots are an odd choice, as literally every single boot in the game will work on you. I often go Mercs, but I think sorcerer shoes might be better due to it giving a large damage increase on your R and Q. Take a couple points in Q for easier farming/harass then max E 




 You need to build her as an assassin now with emphasis with on hit. BOTRK, and muramana (if going lane eve) alone let you 100-0 a squishy in literally under a second. It's actually super strong.  




 Atm his ult is a fairly useless (in comparison) evolution, so everyone evolves his QWE. The only difference is in the order they evolve them in. 




 It was confirmed a glitch 




 Post 6 AP Kog is a really good farmer. A E-R clears the caster minions, and with your W and the attack speed boost it's really easy to get the melees as well. 




 I find lux hard to farm with. Her E leaves creeps with little slivers of hp left for the longest times. 




 You have to remember that this is only after you die, and it doesn't regenerate. Minion aggro, poke, etc will delete the shield. That sounds fairly reasonable 




 They should make it be a shield of 8% or so of your max health, that way it still might be a sub-par mastery, but it scales a lot better. 




 I've found success with BOTRK, Muramana, IBG/Tri, Banshees, and either last whisper or another tanky item (depending on how you're playing her). The last whisper may sound odd, but the vast majority of her burst will come from her E and the autos after that, so the armor pen makes it a good pick up. Muramana helps with her early mana problems, and gives her the most burst +sustained damage out of any other item in the game, at the cost of a slower ramp-up time. 




 Doublelift to TSM confirmed. 




 Everyone knows that Pingu will be incredibly broken though 




 I've been going pretty standard 21/9, with hybrid pen marks, armor seals, mr glyphs, and AD quints. 




 Hey man, try solo lane assassin evelynn, I've been stomping with it since last patch. You can go mid for the better roaming, or top for the better matchups. Your main build is BOTRK, Muramana, and IBG (you can go Triforce for more damage if you want). A Ult-E-Auto-Q-Auto will blow up a squishy in under a second. It's actually ridiculous. Take 2-3 points in Q for better farming/harass in lane, and then max E. 




 Solo lane AD evelynn is actually very strong with the on hit buffs . Core items are BOTRK and muramana and usually a sheen item. (Tri for more damage, iceborn for stickiness and being more tanky). You completely delete squishies in under a second with a ult-E-Q plus a couple autos. You are also a strong splitpusher, (over 2.0 attack speed with BOTRK and maxed E, plus sheen procs and waveclear). 




 Honestly all of those champions can do well building damage, especially Zyra and Sona.  




 It's a combination of high damage, and gapclosers/sticking potential. Give two early kills to an akali/riven, and they can just jump on you and 100/0 you anytime you go near them. They can just go around and kill anybody they want. Meanwhile, getting two kills on someone like a orianna or Karthus won't let you snowball as hard as you can't force your advantage like you can on Fiora or Katarina. And champions like rammus or nautilus don't have the same damage output as the aforementioned champions, so even though they can push their advantage, odds are the enemy will be able to make it to their turret, or escape in other ways before you can kill them. 




 Why do you believe c9 won't finish any higher then third? They had a convincing IEM tournament.  




 I heard sneaky say two days ago that Runaans is great when ahead, but if he's behind BOTRK is much better.  He said he built BOTRK when he was fed as fuck in scrims, and he couldn't solo carry the game like he could have if he built Runaans, he also said he was behind in scrims, and built Runaans and got even farther behind. It seems like it's situational for him. 




 To be fair, C9 is by far the favorite at the moment for first. TSM and Liquid are the two teams that seem most likely for second, I don't seem to see the problem with those predictions. 




 To be fair, hai can tend to get pretty salty at times 




 AP nunu is actually terrifying to lane against, more so if you're a melee. You sit back and try to farm? Enjoy 275 base damage, 1.0AP Ice balls to the face every few seconds. Try to poke? He has bullshit sustain. Try to all in him? He can just sit there and charge his ult, and one shot you, or just snowball you and blood boil away. 




 Adc Ahri. Rush Triforce into IE. You have decent auto attack range/speed, insane kiting, crazy mid-game damage, and strong self-peel. You snowball incredibly hard as well. Your damage does fall off late game, but you still end up being very safe. 




 'Hey let's complain about free gifts!' 




 Nightblade irelia. It's got one of the most beautiful splashes in the game, good model, and is fairly cheap. For some reason everyone likes frostbutt better though.  




 On-hit jungle kayle is actually a legit build though. Go Devourers, into nashors, CDR boots, wits end, hurricane and void staff. You'll be doing 750+ dps to 3 targets at a time late game  




 The problem with your jarvan build is going hydra IMO. With jungle jarvan the only damage you need is warrior enchantment and usually a second brutalizer. The building of a hydra will make you lose a giants belt and a wardens mail of tankyness. You need that to survive diving their carries. 




 Botrk. Jax scales very hard off of attack speed. Plus the active and passive overall work better with jaxes duelist kit. The only advantage that Gunblade has is that it gives slightly higher burst, but jax is more reliant on sustained damage over burst in most cases. 




 If your support has a lot of peel they'll just ult your diving top laner, or your zed/Leblanc, etc with no peel. Yeah, I hate poppy. 




 A good cho won't waste his Q, unless he's playing against someone like xerath. I play a lot of cho mid, mostly against assassins like zed or fizz, and I'll pretty much just sit on my Q until they try to engage, or when they are poked down enough to all-in.  




 Playing AP bruiser cho into him is pretty fun, as you can disengage easily if tries to fight pre 6, you have strong poke in your W, and post 6 if he ever comes near you you can one-shot him before he even has time to ult. Also late game you have insane waveclear, so it'll be impossible for him to take towers against you easily. 




 Nightblade best overall. 




 Odds are you won't be able to bully enemy laners past level 1. Jax is pretty weak until level 11ish. 




 Blood moon akali 




 That's the secret to enjoyable games. I can't even think of the last time I had an intentional DC. It's honestly as easy as saying " don't worry man, you're doing fine" to somebody who is starting to tilt. Say Gj when your bot lane gets a kill, or when your jungler has a successful gank. 




 Nocturne is my champion with the highest win rate (73% over 40 games) and I have had the most success with devourer, BOTRK, Randuins, Banshees, Tabi's/Mercs and a situational last item ( often GA). This build gives you both a strong 1v1, and a strong teamfight. (Due to being near unpeelable with two spell shields)

If you go solo lane noc I replace devourer with ghostblade, and occasionally pick up a hydra as well. 




 I actually mean to say manamune instead of muramana. My bad. 




 Hey summonerschool. As you may know, evelynn is getting a buff next patch to have on-hit effects apply on each strike of her E. I have a couple questions on how various items would effect it.

1. Would ravenous hydra's cleave (passive) damage apply to the target hit? Since its not considered a basic attack, I wonder if the target hit would take any damage from the hydra itself.

2. Would muramana proc 4 times? Muramana currently procs twice on her E, due to it being a single target ability with two strikes. With it applying on-hit effects, would it now proc 4 times? or is it restricted somehow?

Thanks! 




 This is possibly the first time I have ever heard someone call poppies lane safe. She has a horrendous early game. 




 Rek'sai seems to be what you're looking for. 




 Ninja tabi's are also a good choice on many tanks, the 10% reduced auto attack damage is huge for their survivabililty. You can get tenacity from elixirs, and even then, you don't need the tenacity as much to be a big sponge. 




 Kayle is my suggestion. You bring high magic damage dps and strong utility. Your ganks are fairly decent, and your clear is great. 




 (This is single target build)

Her lvl 18 base AD is 106. With 2.0 attack speed that is 212 dps.

Devourers will be at around 100 stacks by full build. That is another 200 dps.

Wits end gives 42 magic damage on hit. 84 DPS

Her E + nashors gives 75 magic damage on hit before ratios. 150 dps

With rabadons, void staff, and nashors you should be at 351 ap. .4 of that is 140. 280 dps.

212+200+84+280+150= 926 damage per second. Close enough. 

With a hurricane you will have even higher attack speed, but you'll do slightly less damage, to multiple targets.

EDIT: forgot to add E base damage beforehand.
 




 If you build jungle kayle right, she has insane damage. Full build, you  will do ~1000single target damage per second, or -600dps to three targets with a hurricane. And this is just with your E alone.  




 His full combo can be done in under a second. Leblanc is slightly slower if you wait for the chain to proc.  




 http://i.imgur.com/A8ai7PI.png 




 He's a strong solo queue pick. He still has high burst, snowballs well, and has possibly the fastest burst of all assassins. His lane is harder now, but mid-late game he is still nearly the same. 




 Plus it gives sheen procs  




 If he is in a position where you're going to get silenced, and you know you can't escape, just activate your W (before he silences you) and auto him through his spin. You're going to take his damage anyways, might as well trade him some back. He will win the trade, but it will be still fairly close. You outscale him hard, so if you end up being a little behind in CS it's fine. Also, if you get a hexdrinker, you can completely nullify his ult. 




 It would be great to see a female streamer that is actually good at the game, and isn't just sexualizing their stream to try to get 13 year olds to watch. The only one I can really think of would be Becca or however you spell it. 




 My parents would knock me on the side of the head, or twist my ear if I disobeyed. I'm fine with things like that. But punching a 13 year old kid in the face? That's not discipline. That's child abuse. 




 I have never seen a Janna flame in my life. 




 Ad casters will still have auto attacks 




 Trynd could be a exception due to
Him having a lot of passive crit chance. 




 Couldn't you have trundle and aatrox splitpush? If you go 1-3-1 Kayle lulu and urgot could hold off a siege pretty well on their own. Strong waveclear and nearly impossible to dive. Trundle is one of the strongest duelists in the game, and aatrox is still quite strong in a 1v1. It's not perfect, but it could theoretically work. 




 If you don't level his ult past level 1, you're wasting kassadins #1 feature. His insane mobility. You don't level your ult for the damage. You level it for the cooldown reduction. At level 16 you can basically ult into the enemy team, assassinate someone, Zhonyas, and ult away. 
 




 Revive TP Karthus is actually a  legit strategy though. 




 How does Jax counter riven? As someone who plays a lot of jax it feels like I can't really do much at all until I have Triforce or Botrk and tabi's. She has the mobility to escape jaxes counterstrike, and short enough cooldowns to punish him whenever his E is on cooldown.   Her level 6 spike is so much stronger then Jax's as well. He outscales her in 1v1s, but he won't ever be able to freely take towers against her, and she has a stronger teamfight in most situations. 




 Her Q cooldown is shorter then the duration. You can't really 'wait for it to go on cooldown' 




 I would love to read it when it's finished! 




 Isn't she still fairly strong in sustained fights with her massive attack speed steriod? 




 I've had some experience as AP bruiser Cho vs gnar, he is fairly annoying due to his mobility and kiting in mini form. However, if you rush double Doran rings, you can harass him very hard with your W. Odds are you aren't going to be able to hit many Q's against him, but at 6 you can occasionally try when he is committing to a cs. He's so squishy in early mini form that you can 70-0 him if you land your Q (You'll most likely have to flash to get on him). Gnar is also not amazing at farming under his tower in mini form, so if you know it's clear you can shove him under and harass him for every cs. Just take care as if a jungler ganks you are basically screwed when you try to waddle away. Admittedly full tank cho would have a much harder lane . 




 Mundo, Maokai, probably
Malphite/Shen. Basically anybody who doesn't have an overly strong lane/weak damage. Poppy just needs a place to farm without being zoned. 




 RIP team LOMO 




 Well Ryze is slightly less boring, as you can chain your spells instead of  only pressing 4 buttons and being useless. 




 That honestly would be sort of fun. The kiting would be real, and it would just be fun to see the enemies health bars drop from the OPness of the kit. 




 Ryze Q

Kassadin Q

Taric E

Tristana R

Xerath passive

You literally walk up to someone, hover over them and press QWER, then walk away. 




 Since when does swain build athenes? Every one I've ever seen has gone either rod or tear 




 He was sitting on around 850 AP at the moment. His ulti does around around 1250 true damage with that much hp.  




 Not just a decent win rate, the best win rate. After only a few weeks of practise (so things like builds/play styles aren't set in stone yet either) 




 Shaco and Loki both have the same passive ability, invisibility, clones, and I would assume play stole. 




 Well it was. Janna was the highest yesterday. 









 I understand you were exaggerating, but Vel'koz still
does have something like a 2.2AP total ratio on his skills. So yes, a Vel'koz with 1k AP does vastly outdamage a Vel with just a lilandries ;). 




 On-hit kayle is actually pretty strong, but the problem with it is it takes a long time to ramp up. You need three items before you really start doing strong damage, But when you hit late game you absolutely shred teamfights.  




 Vlad is strong late game due to having high AOE damage, on low
cooldowns. He also has an is deceptively tanky due to his passive, and is basically impossible to kill until he gets 3 spell rotations off (REQ-Pool-EQ-Zhonyas-EQ.) His ult also gives a quite large damage increase for his entire team if he lands a good ult. If he can get to the back like, he can blow up the ADC and APC, and still be basically full health. 




 Except for her taunt 




 It's actually true. I've never seen an akali player that is toxic. But a fizz/fiora/riven/katarina/any other snowbally assassin main? They are often the most toxic players out there. 




 People don't get berserkers on Corki as he as a terrible scaling attack speed. Since the bonus attack speed scales multiplicatively off of base attack speed, he'll barely get an increase. This makes sorcerers shoes do more damage comparatively  




 Adc Ahri. You have a good auto attack range, passable attack speed scaling, and insane kiting/self peel ability. You build much like Corki, with the Triforce rush. You have a crazy good mid-game, and can snowball like crazy. With a sheen you can basically take half an ADC's health with just a Q auto. A hit charm is a guaranteed kill in lane with your ult up. You fall off fairly hard late game damage wise (like all Triforce ADC's though), but you make up for it by being incredibly safe, so while your dps might not be as high, you should be able to actually attack more often. 




 Well to be fair, 0/6 and 50 cs down isn't losing lane, it's getting stomped. 




 Especially because how snowbally
mirror matchups are. If one person has a slight advantage, the other person is basically screwed. 




 Hang in there man, about a month ago I was in b4 too. Now I'm in silver 3 and still climbing. Just keep focusing on improving, and find a champion that can A) hard carry games B) Can punish opponents mistakes C) You love playing. All I mean by this criteria is that while someone like Nunu, Lulu, Mundo, etc. might be fun to play, odds are you can't carry a bot lane that gave up 5 kills to a Lucian at the 10 minute mark.

For me those champions were Irelia, Nocturne, and Kassadin (For top, jungle, and mid respectively)  




 Many top laners can beat him in an all in at level 6. Until then, buy plenty of potions, and sustain as much as you can. Miss any cs that you would take too much damage for. He has a small mana pool, so your goal is to have your hp outlast your mana. 




 Poppy will continue getting picked more and more, and eventually be considered a meta pick. Morello will follow through on his promise and she will be nerfed into uselessness. 




 Jax, Nasus, Maokai, Mundo, Poppy,   




 You're wasting Irelias potential if you play safe and farm at any time past level 4 with her. She is at her peak, and you should use that to your advantage. 




 Jinx is a hypercarry lane bully, but she has her fair set of weaknesses. That's the only one I can think of. 




 I can't think of a single champion that can do this. Only some niche lane counter picks can bully a laner hard and then destroy late game without being fed. 




 The buffs don't fix what made him considered a weak pick just last patch, rather they help his already strong late game. While the dragon and baron buffs help, the odds are the team that has a rumble sitting on a haunting guise, or a gnar with a brutalizer, will win every early dragon fight compared to the team with a Jax with a sheen. The new turrets do make it harder to dive the enemy laner, and the majority of the picks now are safe enough to avoid it in the first place. Jax is one of my favorite champions, and I'm happy to see him back. I just don't see what makes him a priority blind pick now. 




 I haven't been able to watch any of the competitive games for 4.21, but I have noticed from the game threads that jax seems to be becoming a very popular pick again. I understand he got some slight buffs, but those don't make up for his previous weaknesses that caused him to fall out of favor ( mostly his weak early game). He should be getting bullied by the meta top laners (gnar, lissandra, rumble) plus he is also a late game champ, with a weaker teamfight, in a mid-game teamfight focused meta. Splitpushing is also not as effective a strategy compared back to when he was in his heyday. Could someone explain why he rose again in popularity? 




 What I've found is that they would get massively fed in lane/mid game, and then as soon as teamfights start they would try 1v5ing, blow up instantly, and then type "/all gg team too heavy" with a  final score of 20/20/0 




 Just climbed out of bronze, can confirm. He's THE most common pick I saw for top, with Riven being a close second. 




 He's got to reach the pedal somehow 




 If you're going to play gangplank, might as well abuse his Q and buy trinity force, shiv, and infinity edge. These three items give you insane damage. From there you can go tanky (safer, let's you get CDR, less trolly), or you can go full on damage (LW, Hydra) for the full cheese one-shot crits. 




 Talking about 'controversial' scenes that she was filming, and that sort of thing. 




 It still is pretty damn pervy. Even if she's 17, she looks like she's 14. At least Sophie actually looks her age (arguably slightly older looking) 




 She's 18 now, and I believe she has hinted about it now in several interviews. Not confirmed, but likely. 




 Abyssal cho is legit though 




 No. Fiora scales off of armor pen and flat AD, both of which ghostblade has. The active and the crit chance are nice bonuses, but not the reason you buy the items Phantom dancer however doesn't give you any stats that fiora needs, and the passive (while still nice) isn't necessary on her, (due to her having two dashes anyhow)  




 Something that hasn't been mentioned yet is that the meta is very mid-game focused. Renekton can bully the laners enough that they won't be effective in these mid game dragon fights, letting his team snowball the game. 




 Well you definitely seem like you know what you're talking about. Gj, I love seeing off-meta picks that work. 




