 What about donating them to a local college or high school? 




 Seconded. This is a great site, it helped me get a feel for which candidates supported what last election cycle.  




 If I'm posting in New York City, I select New York University as my school from a list of schools near me, and then my post falls under that category (NYU).  




 It's just an anonymous posting board. Generally the stuff posted there is pretty similar like "To that hot girl in calculus, I love you". It's not a networking site like FB.  




 http://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/2yrk5n/what_is_being_triggered_why_are_people_shitlords/ 









 Some poll data on what British folk think of leaving the EU:

http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/jun/21/eu-referendum-majority-leave-opinium-observer-poll 




 Also the Vietnam War protests. There were a few violent protests during those (like the famous incident at the DNC), but these protests definitely had an affect on Nixon and Johnson, as well as other Americans. 




 How do you mean? The harassment of any student, regardless of class, is punishable by law. The issue here is that what constitutes as harassment has a strict definition and not all universities adhere to said definition. Here's an example of vague harassment language:

http://www.thefire.org/speech-code-of-the-month-salem-state-university/ 




 Are you planning on creating a group? This would be be a mighty fine way of getting members for such. 

Good job though! 




 In order for such a movement to work, there has to be some sort of shared cause that cries for action. American and Canadian college students have squatted their school's before in retaliation against rising tuition costs. Here's one such instance of that: http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2009_California_college_tuition_hike_protests

So, before you get to the steps of organizing, ask, what needs to be done for your fellow students? Maybe your school costs too much, maybe there's some policy that is problematic, maybe your school has faculty who are unfair to students in one way or the other. 

If you can determine that indeed there is a problem that many students agree needs addressing, then is the time to start planning. But make sure the problem has legitimacy. Rioting over a lack of soft drinks in the vending machines looks petty, for example.    




 Good explanation, thank you! 




 Interesting perspective, thanks for the info. 

And the depiction of Irish characters in TV shows implies the people involved couldn't even be bothered reading a wikipedia article on the country.

I'm not really familiar with Irish characters on TV, so what would you say these shows get wrong?   




 Yup, this is my view of it. I'm willing to accept that communism has never been achieved, at least recently.  




 Yup, Paul got it right during the debates. Iran has seen both it's Eastern and Western neighbors invaded by the US, European powers, and the USSR. It's totally understandable for them to want to be more protected from foreign invasion.    




 I should mention I'm not an official rep of FIRE or anything, I've merely worked with them on a few projects. 

The issue I have is with _your organization's_ decision to define 1.) political issues as free speech issues and 2.) free speech at private institutions as matters of contract

This is how it legally is defined, on both accounts. For the second point, you really are signing away your ability to speak on some issues and face consequence, in the same vain that when I take a job, I can call my boss an idiot, but most likely I'll be fired for doing so. There is nothing in federal law that states a private college must adhere to the same guidelines as public institutions. States likes (like California) may have these things, of course. But if the state doesn't, there's little to be done: you signed a contract with a group that is not held to to the same legal standards as other places. 

Now, if you want to change the law as your advocating, the only way to do it would be to get SCOTUS to make some sort of ruling, or to change the Constitution. 

I would agree with your LGBT example, though. That's certainly a restriction, and one that needs change, but from internal sources, and not external.  




 I actually like her stance. Gay explosives are very dangerous.  




 this seems weird to me: your stance is that if the school does not claim to honor freedom of speech you won't pursue a freedom of speech issue there and the school is off the hook?

Suing a private school, like UM in the instance stated above, would result in failure due to their protections under the law. If such lawsuits were successful, schools like BYU (which adheres to the strict honor codes of the Mormon faith) couldn't operate as they do (where you can be penalized for drinking, smoking, and having sex *off* campus property). Now, that's not to say nothing can be done. Like in the UM example, public pressure can still do wonders for getting a school to change their mind and reverse problematic policies. However, legally, there isn't much leeway. 

Public universities, of course, are completely bound by First Amendment rulings, as these institutions function off of public funds (and voluntary private donations). Legally, they are bound to give students the right to free speech

Edit: 

By this logic wouldn't the best course of action for all universities just be to have the students sign a free speech waiver?

You actually do this for private universities. Like with BYU, you sign that honor code before attendance. Which is why FIRE doesn't have much of a problem here: you're signing and choosing to go somewhere that doesn't have to honor your rights. The issue here is when a private university claims to adhere to freedom of speech, but actually doesn't, which can go against contracts with students. 




 FIRE writes of such schools:

"When a private university expresses its own values by stating both clearly and consistently that it holds a certain set of values above a commitment to freedom of speech, FIRE does not rate [ that university [with their speech code ratings guide]."

In most states private universities can still more or less do as they wish, due to that clause about no necessary amount of public funding holding the college accountable to the First Amendment. From a previous FIRE case:

 SCENARIO: You wish to start up a student group that discusses conservative philosophy, and you apply for funding from student fees, just like dozens of other groups at your public university. The student government, which recognizes student groups, refuses to recognize your group because, it argues, there is already one other recognized conservative group on campus, namely, the College Republicans. On the other hand, the student government has formally recognized dozens of other closely related student groups. Can it deny funding to your group?
 
 This scenario happened at the University of Miami (UM). A group of women attempted to form a conservative organization, Advocates for Conservative Thought (ACT). Its purpose was "the exposition and promotion of conservative principles and ideas." ACT was repeatedly denied funding by UM, because, the student government claimed, its intended purpose would "overlap" with the College Republicans and with one group that promoted nonpartisan political debate. FIRE wrote a letter to UM"s president, pointing out that the school could not deny funding to one group because of its viewpoint while allowing dozens of other groups on the other side of the spectrum their individual recognition.
 
 Such discrimination against a group based purely on the proposed purpose and ideology of the group is in direct violation of the Supreme Court"s prohibitions against content-based and viewpoint discrimination. It also violates the same free association rights that applied in the scenario relating to freedom of religious association (see Scenario 11, above).
 
 The Supreme Court has also established that each such freely organized group has the right to equal student funding at public universities, and may not be discriminated against on the basis of the content of the group"s ideology. In University of Wisconsin v. Southworth (2000), the Court held that a public university must distribute funds equally to each recognized group on campus without any consideration of the organization"s viewpoint. Under Southworth, if the university does not comply with this limitation, it may not charge mandatory student fees to support extracurricular activities.
 
 No matter what your group"s ideology, the purpose and content of your organization may not be grounds for denying your group official recognition as a student group. Furthermore, there is a strong constitutional right of voluntary association that allows individuals to form groups with a purpose and content of their choosing. Your group may be denied recognition on other legitimate grounds (such as insufficient membership), but the purpose and belief system of your group should never be the factor that prevents your group from gaining recognition and equal access to the school"s resources.
 
 UM is a private university, and not bound by Southworth, but FIRE raised the issue of whether it was willing to deny its students the fundamental rights and legal equalities granted by any public college. In response to FIRE"s letter and press release, the university president convened an urgent meeting. Immediately after the meeting, ACT was informed that it would receive official recognition regardless of its content or purpose. UM President Donna Shalala wrote to FIRE to thank it for bringing this vital matter to her attention. The moral? Constitutional principles are so often not merely legal principles, but moral principles, as well. Colleges and universities ignore them to their shame and peril. 

As for why California made that specific exemption in regards to religious school's, I can't comment. 




 FIRE's student guide actually addresses the very thing you're talking about in regards to funding:
 
 Individual State Laws Affecting Private Institutions
 
 In America, legal rights can vary dramatically from state to state. The United States Constitution, however, limits the extent to which any state may regulate private universities, because the Bill of Rights (which applies both to the states and to the federal government) protects private institutions from excessive government interference. In particular, the First Amendment protects the academic freedom of colleges and universities at least as much as (and frequently more than) it protects that of the individuals at those institutions.
 
 Fortunately, decent societies have historically found ways to protect individuals from indecent behavior. Many states follow doctrines from the common law, which evolved as the foundation of most of our states" legal systems. For example, some states have formulated common-law rules for associationswhich include private universitiesthat prohibit "arbitrary and capricious" decision making and that require organizations, at an absolute minimum, to follow their own rules and to deal in good faith with their members. These standards can provide a profoundly valuable defense of liberty in the politically supercharged environment of the modern campus, where discipline without notice or hearing is all too common. (For more information about how to combat the lack of due process on university campuses, see also FIRE"s Guide to Due Process and Fair Procedure on Campus, available at www.thefire.org.)
 
 In most states, court decisions have established that school policies, student handbooks, and other documents represent a contract between the college or university and the student. In other words, universities must deliver the rights they promise. Most campuses explicitly promise a high level of free speech and academic freedom, and some (including some of the most repressive in actual practice) do so in ringing language that would lead one to believe that they will protect their students" rights well beyond even constitutional requirements.
 
 Since universities have the power to rewrite these contracts unilaterally, courts, to help achieve fairness, typically will interpret the rules in a student handbook or in other policies with an eye toward what meaning the school should reasonably expect students or parents to see in them. As a consequence, the university"s interpretation of its handbook is less important than the reasonable expectations of the student.
 
 Importantly, some states have statutes (or state constitutional provisions) that provide students at private schools with some measure of free speech rights. For example, California"s so-called "Leonard Law" (more technically, Section 94367 of California"s Education Code) states that "no private postsecondary educational institution shall make or enforce any rule subjecting any student to disciplinary sanctions solely on the basis of conduct that is speech or other communication that ... is protected from governmental restriction by the First Amendment to the United States Constitution or Section 2 of Article 1 of the California Constitution."
 
 In other words, students at California"s private, secular colleges and universities (the Leonard Law does not to apply to students at religious colleges) enjoy the same level of free speech rights as students at California"s public colleges. Other states, while not protecting students" rights to the same extent that California does, have ruled that private universities may not make blanket rules restricting speech. In the case of State of New Jersey v. Schmid (1980), the New Jersey Supreme Court ruled that a state constitutional guaranteethat "every person may freely speak ... on all subjects"prevents Princeton University (even though a private school) from enforcing a comprehensive rule that required all persons unconnected with the university to obtain permission before distributing political literature on campus. This ruling, however, certainly did not grant students at private colleges the same rights as those at public universities.
 
 While the Leonard Law and Schmid are important to the discussion of free speech at private campuses, students should not conclude that similar statutes or cases exist in the majority of states. In fact, far more states have rejected claims of rights to freedom of expression on privately owned property than have accepted such claims. (For a comprehensive overview of the law regarding freedom of expression at private institutions, see former FIRE Justice Robert H. Jackson Legal Fellow Kelly Sarabyn"s legal scholarship on the subject: "Free Speech at Private Universities," Journal of Law   Education, Vol. 39, p. 145 [April 2010].)
 
 Beyond rights that are protected explicitly by contract or by statute, however, state law provides common-law rules against misrepresentation. Simply put, there is a long tradition of laws against fraud and deceit. Very often, a university"s recruiting materials, brochures, and even its "admitted student" orientationswhich are designed to entice a student to attend that institution rather than anotherwill loudly advertise the institution"s commitment to "diversity," "academic freedom," "inclusion," and "tolerance." Students will be assured that they will be "welcomed" or find a "home" on campus, regardless of their background, religion, or political viewpoint. Promises such as these will often lead students to turn down opportunities (and even scholarships) at other schools and to enroll in the private secular university. If these promises of "tolerance" or of an equal place in the community later turn out to be demonstrably false, a university could find itself in some legal jeopardy. The law prohibits deceptive promises that cause the deceived person to sign a contract, and such prohibitions against false advertising can be used in a quite credible effort to force a change in an administration"s behavior. As noted, our colleges and universities should honor their promises.
 
 There is a final source of possible legal protection for a student at a private university, although it involves a particularly difficult legal and political question: When does the extent of the government"s involvement in the financing and governance of a self-proclaimed "private" college make it "public"? If that involvement goes beyond a certain point, it is possible that the institution will be found, for legal purposes, to be "public," and in that case all constitutional protections will apply. This happened, for example, at the University of Pittsburgh and at Temple University, both in Pennsylvania. State laws there require that, in return for significant public funding, a certain number of state officials must serve on the universities" boards. That fact led these formerly "private" campuses to be treated, legally, as "public." Nonetheless, this is a very rare occurrence, and the odds of any private school being deemed legally public are very slim. Unless a school is officially public, one should always assume that the First Amendment does not directly apply.
 
 There are many students, faculty members, and even lawyers who believe, wholly erroneously, that if a college receives any federal or state funding it is therefore "public." In fact, accepting governmental funds usually makes the university subject only to the conditionssometimes broad, sometimes narrowexplicitly attached to those specific programs to which the public funds are directed. (The most prominent conditions attached to all federal funding are nondiscrimination on the basis of race and sex.) Furthermore, the "strings" attached to virtually all federal grants are not always helpful to the cause of liberty.
 
 As a legal matter, there is no specific level of federal funding that obligates a private college or institution to honor the First Amendment. Many factors, such as university governance, the appointment of trustees, and specific acts of legislation, need to be weighed in determining the status of any given institution. That should not stop students, however, from learning as much as they can about the funding and governance of their institution. There are moral and political questions that arise from such knowledge, beyond the legal issues. Do the taxpayers truly want to subsidize assaults on basic free speech and First Amendment freedoms? Do donors want to pay for an attack on a right that most Americans hold so dear? Information about funding and governance is vital and useful. For example, students may find that a major charitable foundation or corporation contributes a substantial amount of funds to their college, and they may inform that foundation or corporation about how the university selectively abuses the rights and consciences of its students. Colleges are extremely sensitive to contributors learning about official injustice at the institutions that those donors support. This is another example of our most general principle: Colleges and universities must be accountable for their actions.

http://www.thefire.org/fire-guides/fires-guide-to-free-speech-on-campus-3/read-online/ 




 How is the person speaking out silenced? Are they fined/imprisoned for their views? I'm not sure what you mean.

And are you referencing why SCOTUS defined sexual harassment as it did, or about something else? If it's about *Davis*, you can read the ruling here: http://caselaw.lp.findlaw.com/scripts/getcase.pl?court=US amp;vol=000 amp;invol=97-843 




 Already posted this to you, but I'll post it again for prosperity's sake. This is from FIRE's student guide:

In the landmark case of Davis v. Monroe County Board of Education (1999), the Supreme Court defined student-on-student hostile environment harassment as conduct "so severe, pervasive, and objectively offensive that it effectively bars the victim"s access to an educational opportunity or benefit." By definition, this includes only extreme and usually repetitive behaviorbehavior so serious that it would prevent a reasonable student from receiving his or her education. For example, in Davis, the conduct found by the Court to be actionable harassment was a months-long pattern of conduct including repeated attempts to touch the victim"s breasts and genitals and repeated sexually explicit comments directed at and about the victim.

...

Put simply, to be legally punishable as harassment, students must be far more than simply rude or offensive. Rather, they must be actively engaged in a specific type of discrimination, as defined by law. Under this doctrine, there is a pattern of behavior that may involve speech so strikingly awful and persistent, and so focused on a person"s status as a member of a protected class, that the law must treat it not simply as speech, but as discriminatory behavior that constitutes a civil rights violation. Precisely because the Supreme Court cases describe only very extreme forms of speech as "harassment," we believe that it makes good sense to think of speech-as-harassment in terms of time, place, and manner restrictions that the Constitution permits: If the speech is repeated, is uttered at inappropriate times and places, and is so uncivilized and pervasive so as to make the victim unable to attend to his or her studies and other activities, then it risks being prohibited and punished. In other words, protected speech cannot become unprotected harassment merely because of its message; rather, to qualify as harassment, one must consider how, when, and where the message was communicated.

That answers your question, yes? 




 And some excerpts from FIRE's student guide:

  Hate Speech
  
  The term "hate speech" is frequently applied as a synonym for speech that is racist, sexist, homophobic, or similarly pejorative. Even these types of speech, however, are protected by the First Amendment. This fact may come as a surprise to many, as a significant number of Americans incorrectly believe that hateful speech is not protected by the First Amendment. But there is no hate speech exception to the First Amendment, despite a widespread misconception to the contrary.
  
 If someone contends that a particular form of vitriolic speech can be prohibited (as opposed to criticized) because it is hate speech, you now know that this argument is without merit. In order for speech to be truly free, speech that conveys deeply offensive messages, including hate, must be protected. A free people have recourse to reason, evidence, outrage, and moral witness against such speech, but do not need to turn to coercive power to silence it.
 
 Although it is hardly admirable to use hate speech merely because the First Amendment allows it, colleges and universities, alas, often label as hate speech expression that is perfectly serious, thoughtful, and communicative, simply because it offends the sensibility of a handful of students, or, more likely, a handful of administrators. Thus, for example, a discussion of whether or not women are physically and temperamentally suited for military combat would be an entirely protected and serious exercise of speech in the public arena, but on certain campuses it would be judged, by some, to express a hateful attitude toward women. If some administrators had their way, all such disagreement would be hate speech.

 Universities use many legal theories, all of which lack merit, to justify such broad restrictions on speech. However, because it is overwhelmingly clear that the Constitution grants free speech protection to so-called hate speech, it is unlikely that your university counsel would try to justify its speech code to a court on the grounds that hate speech may be prohibited on a public university campus. Such a legal theory would be frivolous. On campus, however, too many students mistakenly believe that merely deeming expression "hate speech" is sufficient grounds for censorship and loss of First Amendment protection. It is your job to teach your fellow students that the right answer to hateful speech is more speech, and not silenceor silencing. As Justice Louis Brandeis famously wrote in a concurring opinion in Whitney v. California (1927), "the fitting remedy for evil counsels is good ones."

 In the landmark case of Davis v. Monroe County Board of Education (1999), the Supreme Court defined student-on-student hostile environment harassment as conduct "so severe, pervasive, and objectively offensive that it effectively bars the victim"s access to an educational opportunity or benefit." By definition, this includes only extreme and usually repetitive behaviorbehavior so serious that it would prevent a reasonable student from receiving his or her education. For example, in Davis, the conduct found by the Court to be actionable harassment was a months-long pattern of conduct including repeated attempts to touch the victim"s breasts and genitals and repeated sexually explicit comments directed at and about the victim.
 
 Harassment, properly understood and as defined by the Supreme Court, refers to conduct that is (1) unwelcome; (2) discriminatory (3) on the basis of a protected status, like gender, race, disability, or age; (4) directed at an individual; and (5) "so severe, pervasive, and objectively offensive, and ... [that] so undermines and detracts from the victims" educational experience, that the victim-students are effectively denied equal access to an institution"s resources and opportunities."
 
 It is worth reviewing each element of this definition. First, for conduct to constitute sexual harassment, the behavior in question must be "unwelcome," which means that the victim or victims found it "undesirable or offensive," and did not welcome, invite, seek out, or encourage it. Next, the behavior needs to be not only discriminatory, but also discriminatory on the basis of the victim"s protected class statusin other words, it needs to be negative behavior prompted by the victim"s race, gender, age, or disability. The behavior also needs to be aimed at an individual, rather than just general, broad-based actions without a specific target, and must be sufficiently severe and pervasive to drive a person off campus, depriving that person of his or her right to receive an education. "Objectively offensive" is an important requirement, because it shifts the consideration of the behavior from the subjective experience of a particular person (who might be very easily offended) to the experience of reasonable men and women. This is vital, making the standard for what is legally intolerable not the sensibilities of this or that possibly hypersensitive person, but rather the sensibilities of a typical, reasonable person. The behavior has to be both objectively offensive and perceived by the victim as offensive. Finally, the requirement that the behavior effectively deny "equal access" is also crucial, because it limits discriminatory harassment to conduct that is not only severe or pervasive and objectively offensive, but also so outrageous that it has the "systematic effect" of preventing the victim from getting an education.
 
 Put simply, to be legally punishable as harassment, students must be far more than simply rude or offensive. Rather, they must be actively engaged in a specific type of discrimination, as defined by law. Under this doctrine, there is a pattern of behavior that may involve speech so strikingly awful and persistent, and so focused on a person"s status as a member of a protected class, that the law must treat it not simply as speech, but as discriminatory behavior that constitutes a civil rights violation. Precisely because the Supreme Court cases describe only very extreme forms of speech as "harassment," we believe that it makes good sense to think of speech-as-harassment in terms of time, place, and manner restrictions that the Constitution permits: If the speech is repeated, is uttered at inappropriate times and places, and is so uncivilized and pervasive so as to make the victim unable to attend to his or her studies and other activities, then it risks being prohibited and punished. In other words, protected speech cannot become unprotected harassment merely because of its message; rather, to qualify as harassment, one must consider how, when, and where the message was communicated.
  




 Thanks for the awesome response. Lots of interesting points here. 

Are you seriously suggesting that toxic behavior in college campuses is just "different views"? Like it's just a difference of opinion if someone is subject to hate speech or sexually harassed in their university?

Hate speech and sexual harassment are criminal activities specifically defined by SCOTUS that can be prosecuted by the law. Neither FIRE nor myself defend these activities. What colleges define as those things though, aren't always in line with SCOTUS rulings (otherwise FIRE would never exist). FIRE has written about these differences in their student guides. 

Freedom of speech does not equal freedom from consequences of speech. My issue with this group stems from that they seem to adamantly insist the latter shouldn't be the case in the context of how universities decide to discipline their students

Absolutely there should be consequences, just social ones, and not legal/educational. SCOTUS has ruled out what hate speech and sexual harassment are, and if a public university isn't following these definitions, which are very specific, then they need to be prosecuted.   




 Okay, but my question is, when their attempts to achieve a goal of promoting free speech in universities accidentally supports hateful people...is that a goal worth achieving, at least in the way they're doing it?

Yes. Bigots exist in this world, we both know it. Should we shelter college students from that fact? Should we shelter them in how to deal with hard, important discussions about race, gender, history, religion and so on? Colleges are supposed to be a market place of ideas where discussions of all types are had so students can learn and proposer. 

Hate speech already has a strict, Constitutional definition, and often colleges might not follow through with adhering to what SCOTUS has ruled. 

Banning speech, in the *very* place it's supposed to be most free, is problematic.  




 Oh, harassment isn't covered under free speech law. FIRE has stated this, and won't defend students who are harassing others.  




 Oh I feel ya. I hate it when people with different views than me have the right to an education ;)

Check out that garage case I sent ya, and I recommend *Kindly Inquisitors* by  Jonathan Rauch, who writes about the importance of learning how to deal with bigotry in an open field, coming from the perspective as a gay man during the 70s. He talked at a FIRE conference I went to, and it was pretty cool learning about his experience.  




 I don't know if you'd qualify this case as having a victim, but I would: http://www.thefire.org/cases/valdosta-state-university-student-expelled-for-peacefully-protesting-parking-garages/ 




 I wouldn't say they are more concerned with one or the other, but rather that hate groups are challenged more by school policy. If a victim was being silenced by their school, and the silencing went against the Constitution, FIRE will step in.  




 FWIW, according to FIRE's data (which you can find on their site), nearly half of all American public colleges have rules in their policy books which go against the first amendment. So when they say such, they have their own data to back it up. On their site, go to any state an look at all the "Red Light" schools listed. You'll be able to see what rules they find problematic.  




 Their President is a liberal Democrat, if that matters at all. I've worked with FIRE on changing my school's policies, and they really are a diverse group. I wouldn't call them conservative or reactionary.   




 Howdy! This is my time to shine! I've worked with FIRE on changing my school's speech codes, and lobbied with them in Massachusetts for a certain law regarding college students and legal representation. I've also attended two of their seminars, and had a great talk with their current President. 

First, let me say that FIRE will stand for any group of any variant if their rights to free speech are harmed, or even bad policies are in place. For example, at my own school, a rule dictated that I couldn't annoy anyone. It didn't really clarify what that meant, the handbook simply just said it was against school policy to annoy someone. It's great to have anti-harassment policies, but not so great to have them be so vague they can be used to silence free speech. 

They have a few books you can order on their website, which I recommend reading (and I highly recommend *Unlearning Liberty* written by their current President). 

 what I can tell they don't seem to offer much support to marginalized victims.

They absolutely will help, if such a group is facing free speech issues. It doesn't matter what the group stands for, so long as their school is going against the First Amendment. 

Edit: Feel free to AMA about them. I've read a lot of their literature, and know a few of their workers personally.  




 You can also request FREE materials from Students For Liberty, while being a YAL chapter.  




 Yes, based in my interpretations, they are much more "conservative" theologically, in so much that they follow some form of simple Christianity, which Quakerism started out as just the same. 

And yeah, no music. Gotta sing in your head ;) 




 As the equal of all else mankind, you are no more lesser than a straight man. You are indeed his brother, as both of you are born of our creator. 

Thou art loved no matter thy condition.  




 No matter your sexual preference, remember you have the ability to access the channels of God through the Spirit through that voice that speaks within you. 

And no matter who or what you are, you are always a child of God, thus you are equal to all else of mankind.    




 Twickenham

Damn English and their silly town names. Thanks for the info! 









 They're the brothers and sisters of Quakerism, as far as I'm concerned. Their love for peace and simplicity highly resonates with me. 




 My student group had some anarchists in it.  




 At my church, we have a business committee which keeps track of all donations and their use. Anyone could join the group and get a look at the numbers, if they so desired.  




 2011 Mormon me and current me would fight over the existence of clergy and doctrine.  




 Moved here from Boston! It's a neat place. 

I don't think it's so much that other members are not accepting, so much as it is they feel guilt about having a friend who isn't LDS.  




 Just because something is beneficial doesn't mean we should do it. Alcohol has some health benefits, but that doesn't mean everyone should drink. 

Plus, masturbation isn't even found in every culture. So some groups have survived without it.  




 Do you mean masturbation is fulfilling God's wishes, or reproduction is? They're obviously different things.   




 Check out http://www.reddit.com/r/lgbthavens 




 This is a good way to see it. When believers say "living God", it's not meant to equate God to the definition of a living creature, but rather a reference to the fact that God is active in present in our world. God is indeed supposed to be "living", just in a manner beyond our understanding. 




 Personally, I'll never share my faith through words unless asked (or it's in a place where I'm supposed to, like this subreddit, for example). It's better to share through actions instead of words. I care not if a man accepts the Spirit into their life, only that their life is in good standing. 




 Because then you can start wearing funny hats [like this](http://www.hatworx.com/media/product/287/quaker-widebrim-hat-f49.jpg), and no one would bat an eye ;) 




 Based upon what she said, it seems rough. The differences in theology are quite strong between Quakers and Mormons, and it seems that division is causing her troubles in making friends. It seems she gets into debates with many other students about various things (she didn't clarify on what those debates entail, but it's not hard to imagine their contents). 

Only something like 2% of BYU students aren't LDS, so it's easy to see how it can cause a lot of problems when socializing, especially since Provo is so heavily LDS. 

Edit: Just noticed your flair. Are you planning on going? 




 It seems to me that you carry the Spirit, or at least are trying to. If you do carry it, then it is up to you to spread it to those in need, like your friend. You're right in that leading a life of excess (drinking and drug use) leads us away from God, and leads to an unfulfilled life. 

Show by example, as you already are. Never be afraid to correct him when he deviates from God. Our greatest friends are those who are not afraid to show us a better path.   




 That's an excellent line! I'm going to write that down somewhere.  




 We only speak when we feel compelled to by the Inner Light/Spirit. Some may never speak, as they never feel this compulsion, while others may feel it on a constant basis, and thus they share more frequently. 

As for those who share a discussion prompt, they can simply bring one and read it, or a committee might decide on something to share for next meeting :)   

And do note that some meetings actually will give sermons (these are called programmed meetings) where others like mine (unprogrammed) go with the flow, as it were.  




 It varies, but usually one to four people will speak if they feel compelled to by the Spirit. And topics can vary too. Someone today talked about the troubles of being a Quaker at BYU (a Mormon school), while another asked us to think about several young Friends in Washington who are lobbying for climate change legislation. 

And occasionally there might be a discussion prompt, where someone will read something from another Friends meeting, and we'll respond if we feel compelled to.    




 Great! Felt the Spirit really strongly today during meeting. Felt compelled to speak on a certain topic, but refrained from doing so. Perhaps next week.  




 Here's some info from a previous post 

http://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/2xvu7o/whats_the_deal_with_gary_indiana/ 




 Kids at my school did it just for kicks. No real reason, and we weren't in a poor area or anything.  




 I'm pretty sure it automatically reposts links submitted to the various political subreddits, so it acts as a catch all for the news of the day from places like /r/conservative, /r/socialism and so on.  




 /r/politicaldiscussion would be a start.   




 How you find happiness is entirely up to you. *Should* God be your source of joy? IMO, no. But *can* God be your source of joy? Yes. 

To find happiness, you must have a full spirit. How you fill that cup of spirit is up to you. It could be companionship, like you desire, but it could be in the simpler things, like gardening, reading, cooking, crafting, and so on. Find joy in the simple things, and life gets easier.    




 His beard is pretty gnarly. I want one like that.  




 Hates carrots 




 If I really dig them, I'll take a day to be mad. 
Then I repeat that process.  




 There aren't many folks willing to date an 18 y/o on OKC. There's no harm, but it'll be tough.  




 What about the war in Afghanistan? It'd be interesting to see word choice differences between the beginning of the occupation and the end.  




 Religious institutions should be allowed to discriminate though. Otherwise, you're opening up a can of worms. Should, for example, the LDS church allow an atheist to be a bishop? What about a drinker  amp;amp;amp; smoker?

Don't get me wrong, I'm in the LGBT spectrum myself, and I hope more religious institutions allow for change, but that change must come from internal sources, and not external. Otherwise, you're going to get a case which goes to SCOTUS, and they'd probably rule in favor of the religious institution. 

For private businesses (Walmart, etc), you're right though - religious leaders wouldn't have grounds there.  




 I just did a group date thing with someone (house party). Did not work out well. Do not recommend group things with people she knows.  




 For the US, yes. This is public data which we can see.  




 When I ran for office, I did so because each election cycle the candidate for State Rep ran unopposed, and I noticed that 15% of voters managed to get to the voting booth but they cast blank ballots. This told me at least 15% of the city objected to current leadership, so I decided to give them a choice come November. 

So casting a blank vote can signify a rejection of whoever is running, and let's the public know that.    




 With who, though? I don't hear/read much talk of an enemy of who we will currently have nuclear war with. I've not heard a word about nuclear war with Russia or China in the near future. 

I'd say it's just remnants of memories of the  Cuban Missile Crisis and Soviet fiasco with  Czechoslovakia which have taught baby boomers nuclear war is a very real thing.   




 Certainly his own actions are his fault though, obviously, which is what this is all about.  




 Accurate. 




 http://okcupid.com/profile/LeftClickMyFace

The beard is gone and has been replaced by a creepy mustache. So try and imagine that.   









 According to the most recent poll by r/@, at least half of the readers here are pacifists. I'm one of them.  




 Jimmy Wales would be interesting. He apparently describes himself as a libertarian, so I'd be curious of his positions on various things.  




 Well, I don't think the author blames Obama for the racist attitudes of the US, which he's talking about here.  









 For Glass:

http://www.reddit.com/r/NoStupidQuestions/comments/2uiji7/is_google_glass_considered_a_failure/ 




 Could be a scam. Use a Google Voice number to test it out.  




 This is partially why I always give them my number without asking for theirs. Makes it easier.  




 Absolutely killer. These girls don't what they're missing. ;))))))) 




 Just wait 45 years and we'll have AI holograms you can date.  




 A week. But before that, 7 months.  




 Did you try to smoke signal her? 




 Search "internet" in this subreddit, and you'll find answers to this question. Example:

http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/1tqg23/eli5_how_the_internet_works/ 




 CenturyLink is hiring big time.

http://find.centurylink.jobs/salt-lake-city/utah/usa/jobs/ 




 Shit. Olives. I need my Wait Wait Don't Tell Me fix on NPR. Its my only source of joy at this point.   




 Yes, but every place I'm finding is LDS rules, which means I have to quit OKC, since I won't be able to drink alone in my room anymore.  




 I'm probably moving to Provo soon, so I'm kinda starting to like Sandy now...

I'll take the potatoes for 400, Alex. Only ISIS likes carrots.   




 Easy, Ebola. No one cares about California.  




 Work is killing me. Make my lunch break better, yo. 

Http://www.Okcupid.com/profile/leftclickmyface

 




 Would you rather have Frank Underwood as President, or your mom has President?    




 Would you rather be forced to do 5 games of Monopoly in a row, or 15 games of backgammon?  




 Cool read but this part confuses me:

for example, god tiles have been installed in stairways to keep people (OK, mostly men) from spitting on walls. 

Why are Indians spitting on walls and not the ground? What's the point?

 




 For the gun part, in my two decades here, I've never actually seen a gun on a citizen, or in a private home. It really depends on where you are and live.  




 Finally managed to go to my local Meeting even if I was a little hungover. There was free food, which was nice! Had a great time.  




 They know more about their faith than anyone else here. It's the best place to ask. They're open to friendly questions.  




 /r/latterdaysaints 




 I wouldn't face palm but wouldn't cheer either. It'll be interesting to see what he has to say during the debates.  




 Thank you. It's always hard funding events because they're either badly publicized or you have to visit the right sites to find out about them.  




 Parents raised me fairly nonreligious, though I went through confirmation with the Catholic Church. Tried Mormonism, fell out of it, currently a Quaker.  




 Why yes, yes he did.  




 Interesting and sad read. Unfortunately, Western society really does seem to desexualize Asian men, so he is correct about the bias (and Dataclsym confirms it, like he wrote). 

How old was he? Doesn't mention it anywhere in the blog.   




 Alcohol. Or sometimes they mention Skype in their profile.   




 FWIW, I think her roommates are inviting people she's never met either. So not everyone will know each other. 

At least I hope that's the case. If it's not, YOLO, I'm getting drunk off someone else's beer.  




 Feeling ya there. Been missing mine for a while too. Had the urge to just drive to her home town and find her, apologize, propose, and have 45 kids.   




 *The Depahted*

FTFY 




 First date with a girl at her house party. I have never been to one of these as a date...or for anything else. I'm super nervous. Plz help. 

Edit: back from party. Got kicked out. It is what it is.  




 This is perfect.  




