 Well I've checked out SotA, my problem is with the PvP. I was big into mage PvP. I loved how you could literally have 70 key commands and if you really worked at it, you could beat 10v1. I don't see that with SotA. I also don't like the camera angle which appears less conducive to that sort of gameplay. 

Guild Wars seems to really get the closest as to what I would want a "new" UO to look like. But instead of a zoom, scrolled out and above. But the open world aspect of a pre-Trammel UO is not in Guild Wars DNA. UO was fun whether you we're a PKer or a Hunter/Miner/Gatherer etc because of the fear of being outside of the walls of the city. And while the guards could basically insta-hit you, it was a lot more engaging then what a lot of games do by creating "PvP zones" where you have to enter load areas etc. 

I wish I had a billion dollars to produce my own hardcore game that was more about a world with realistic boundaries and magic/fantasy sprinkled on top than a whole world that just constantly reminds you it's phony *sighs* 




 Could this be a sign that EA may be working with Garriott to bring SoTA into UO2. I know it's much later now but months ago I remember him answering that question with yes, it wouldn't be difficult to take what he had and create a UO2 if EA was willing to give all control the Richard.  




 6 weeks ago my baseball fantasy team was ranked number 6 and I probably wasn't even going to make the playoffs (only 4 teams get in) I added Jeter, haven't lost a game since and I'm winning the championship game by 150 points.  




 Thank you 




 Mmmm well then offer 3000, who cares, lol 

As long as there is no offers and they are willing to counter, it can't hurt to try to get it at a lower price. 




 Regardless what you do, if it's a fire sale it will be gone quickly so just get an offer in and receive a counter. 




 Best day ever. 




 Also her disappearance is similar to 5-6 other missing people in the last few years.  




 It started off as a joke but I picked up Derek Jeter. He is absolutely crushing the ball in the last week. I guess pitchers are just throwing fast balls down the cock for him. Should I start him this week? He's facing a lot of less than stellar pitchers.  




 I was at a recreational baseball park where I had a game later that day when I was around 13, this girl was hovering over my shoulder and when I looked at her she told me I had really clean ears.... about 10 minutes later one of her friends handed me her number.  




 I know it's in the game but I'm looking for a controller layout for the xbox one in the PDF or text layout that I can print... I'm tired of going back and forth.

Does anyone have a link? Thank you 




 I would love if you had a site like that as well. I'm in the process of remodeling a bathroom and it would be great to see all the issues that are ahead of me.  




 I personally roll the dice on Tanaka. The Yankees aren't theoretically out of it so they'll definitely want the win. Will he throw a CG, 100% no way but I think he has the opportunity to throw 6. 




 As defending champion, ordinary citizens (my friends) begged for me to lose. As I barely made it into the playoffs (didn't make playoffs until last week) people didn't take me serious. Now as I close on my opponent (#1 seed, which was 21-2) and prepare for the championship, I ask ... What should I do with my starting rotation. This is a head to head matchup and it involves total points, not winning categories. 

My playoff bullpen:
http://imgur.com/Z8C62Nl 




 I'm personally making a big bet on this stock. I feel like it's near the bottom and I have moved all stock money into just GTAT. I'm also in no need for that money and plan to be waiting for quite some time. (6 months - 1 year) 




 Title says it all, on Fox Fantasy it shows as yes but reading a few sites says otherwise. 




 SAMESIES!!
 




 How they started on Tuesday, 5 days later = Sunday? And all games all week, no days off 









 Why did they push back his next start until the Cardinals? He was one of my double-starters this week, wtf. 




 wow 




 I'm in first round playoff, guy I'm playing had Cashner and was sending me shit talking text messages all Tuesday. Haven't heard from him since around the 6th inning of Arrietas CG 




 Mannnnnnnnnnnn I hope that's the case because I'll need all the help I can get.  




 I lost McHugh last night too, hopefully he still pitches Saturday or Sunday.  




 I dominated but it just happened to be my opponent had TRUMBO AND CASHNER.. *begins to weep* 




 Honestly.. I live near Oceana and we get this on the daily. I guess I'm spoiled but video was eh 




 Damnit, he's a double starter for me. First round of playoffs. 




 All I saw was McHugh was pulled for injury delay, WHAT HAPPENED!?!?  




 I would make a badass video game that's pretty much pre-aos ultima online but a lot cooler. 




 I can't tell if your comments are encouraging my sexual comments or if everyone is oblivious to all the innuendos. 

hahaha shave your wood!  Boxes!! Wood!! Rough wood!! Ok it's out of my system.  




 Everyone knows how to do that.

http://i.imgur.com/n2DVkHk.gif?1 




