 They've gotten pretty terrible too.  BPM plays, maybe a total of 20 different songs.  If you're in the car for an hour, you're bound to hear a song twice it seems. 




 30 minutes for me and heard "All About That Bass" 3x... :/ 




 Hopefully!  Go save Robin Williams! 




 A better life hack: Don't use electric yard tools. 




 Given the incredibly BAD things Verizon has been fighting for, I sincerely wish for people to get away from Verizon as quickly as possible. 




 You enable it on a per trip, per person basis.  




 Waze routed me around it. 




 Not only deep into the flesh, but the wider surface contact of a key does indeed also lower the resistance of skin. 




 There's vomit on his sweater already... 




 Now to paint it like the ghost busters car!

http://www.athensbooksblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/ECTO-1-beginning-of-Ghostbusters-II.jpg 




 But you're talking about video-rendering here.  Editing video is extremely processor intensive, even stupid things like making a section of the video slow motion.  It's like saying that you want to build and design 3d models of houses on your 4" phone.  You might be able to do it, but nobody in the real world will take you seriously about it. 




 Why in fucking hell would you want to edit movies...on a smartphone? 




 And we _HAVE_ solar/wind/hydroelectric, etc already.  We need to focus on utilizing those.  What is with the blind pro-nuclear stance that reddit has? 




 I don't mention the accidents with coal because it's pretty much a given that coal needs to be replaced.  Did the downvote brigade think I was pro-coal or something?!  The fuck?

No.

I believe that renewable sources of energy are our future.  Nuclear isn't renewable.  We're just trading one non-renewable resource for another non-renewable resource. The quantity of nuclear reserves is as finite and limited as that of fossil fuels. Uranium Institute figures estimate the total world recoverable resources of uranium at 3,256,000 tons. Existing power plants operational worldwide require 53,000 tons of uranium a year to produce roughly 12% of the total world power requirements. The total resources will be sufficient to meet current and anticipated demand for only 42 years. 




 That was exactly my point, and exactly what I said.  I said our governments and corporations do the minimum needed to ensure safety and ultimately we can't trust _THEM_.  Nuclear, if done right, is fine.  But apparently there's a paid-for pro-nuclear brigade on reddit who downvote in droves instead of discussing this simple fact.

Out of 435 Nuclear plants in the world, we've had 3 major disasters.  Nuclear only accounts for 12% of the worlds electricity generation.  Coal has 40%.  So going by our current batting average here, if we were to somehow take Nuclear and bump it up and totally take over coal, so that Nuclear was 52% of the worlds energy generation - statistically we're likely to have about 10 more incidences in the time it takes to bring that energy online.

Obviously, things will get better.  I get that.  But when things go bad, they fuck things up on a global timescale and not a human-generation timescale.  We ruin land, in a practical sense, "forever". 




 In 50 years, we've had 3 major accidents.  How long until one of those contaminates a large freshwater supply?  

 and require multiple levels of precaution to fail

And yet they still fail.  Producing disastrous consequences each time.  Consequences that do not last a short timeframe.  When was the last time you heard of a windmill killing thousands of people?  Solar?  Ever? 




 They SHOULD be hesitant!  Our governments and corporations do the minimum needed to ensure safety, and when these things go it's not "oh, wait 100 years"...it's "oh, wait 2,000,000 years".  Enough of these happen over time, and we're fucked. 




 Do not get a knockoff.  They are fucking TERRIBLY made.  Seriously.  The extra $20 is worth the hours and hours of bullshit that you'll put up with with a knockoff.  I mean, reifsnyderb even puts out _full schematics!_ and they still can't manage to clone them right... 




 So, as far as the pick   place bit goes; you can solve the alignment issue by bumping the part up against a flat on the machine.  You should have enough vacuum to keep the part on the placement head, and it will straighten and put the part in the exact same spot every time if you bump it on both axis. 




 Go with a (genuine) J-head if you're planning on only doing ABS/PLA.  E3D if you plan on ever experimenting with Polycarb, etc. 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/LakeLaogai    
http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m34w3lIRM91qhpw93.gif 




  On screen keyboards were NOT the default before the iPhone

Bullshit calling on Line 4, it's for tekdemon!

My Dell 4" Windows CE had, by default, an on-screen keyboard in 2005.  And capacitive touch.  And windows machines since 95 have had a on-desktop grid layout of icons.  It was all there...nothing new.  Just put together in a shinier package.  It also had handwriting recognition, T9, etc. 




 Horse-face. 




 The brainwash here is so, so terrible.

Steve Jobs didn't create anything.  All of the technologies existed before the iPhone, there were devices previous to it that were very similar.  He was merely good at pretending that he had invented something and marketing it well.  The market was already moving in the direction that the iPhone took it, it was just lumbering along about it.  Steve may have sped up this process, but he sure didn't create it. 




 Sooo... The Master? 




 Seriously, html5 "gifs" are awesome. 




 Why would it need one?  Ever need to back up, you just get out and pull the back end around. :D 




 Actually yes.  Yes it does.  I know at least 2 people who wear their Ushankas around on a somewhat regular basis, with casual clothing (they usually match it up with plaid shirts and an overcoat) - like diis: http://www.rabbity.co.uk/blog/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/4094075798_db7ca85554_b-620x310.jpg

It's totally, a rule or something.  You have awesome hats, you must wear. 




 /u/space_penguin is the guy. 




 She suffers from a bad case of BRF. 




 Here's another mirror, just in case: http://imgur.com/YA5bZMt.jpg 




 Probably by buying a new device.  They stopped updating the IPT2g a long while ago. 




  some 5V inputs will accept 3.3V as a high

That's exactly what I said... lol 




 Check to see if your 5v IC supports 3.3v logic levels.  Some do.  All depends on if you need to output _to_ the IC, or input from the IC. 




 I also have a 2012 Nexus 7 and the thing works spectacularly still.  It's basically Nexus or near-nexus devices for me since the beginning.  My Moto G is even a GPE edition. 




 So, the Vibrant is basically a Nexus S in an earlier package.  The iDevice I had was an iPod Touch from around the same time, which ended up not being able to download or install anything from the app store whatsoever. 




 As someone who's owned both within the same generation, I've watched iOS devices slowly become useless (literally, to the point of not being able to run any apps on the app store), while I've got my 4+ year old Galaxy S Vibrant on Android 4.4 and running modern applications. 




 I was more annoyed at the pronunciation of "Auto".  This guy says it like "Ow toe" 




 Toll roads.  _every_ fucking road, would be a toll road.  Instead of paying for it upfront, the private sector would build it alright...but they'd make billions and billions more charging people for it and keeping it minimally upkept.

In the beginning, it would be a lot of separate companies.  But slowly, and surely, as capitalism has shown will always happen, the money pools to the top and eventually only 1 company would own the roads.  They'd have free reign to decide who could and couldn't use them, raise prices, and completely destroy your life if you somehow managed to piss them off.

You see this shit over and over and over.  Pure capitalism just simply doesn't work.  You need a balance between things. 




 As far as languages go, English is always the best to use for titling something that is going to be used worldwide, and especially so regarding anything internet related.

Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Languages_used_on_the_Internet    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_languages_by_total_number_of_speakers 




 On top of this, it isn't just the on/off clicks either.  Some units with variable power control will actually PWM the coil in order to change the wattage. 




 What will this do to other devices that use an antenna, or a coil, like NFC?  Can it induce a charge in them and potentially harm them?

Because I'd really like to see wireless charging and NFC living side by side, and not one or the other. 




 I mean, it's used in Samsung devices - But seeing as Google has a grip over Samsung right now, I don't think they want to owe them anything. 




 Yeah, I did a little research on this.  Apparently they do not have a "stable" version yet.  It's still experimental/unstable at this point in time.  (i.e. they're not going to absolutely trust data on it) 




 None that I know of.  I rent a VPS and my own OpenVPN server off of that. 




 Looks like the text was loading up, but it's all white on white. 




 Patents, licenses, etc. F2FS was made by Samsung iirc 




 Some. People. Are. On. Mobile. (and the sidebar isn't readily visible)  




 Can't read this at all on mobile.  




 Could also be debris from your extruder drive depositing old filament into the roll.  That pattern is awfully uniform, I bet it matches the circumference of your drive wheel or some other wheel circumference. 




 Unlikely to change.  It's going to take an entire blanket of regulation in order to get them to do such things.  Education is the best course of action.  Encrypting more of your data, hiding it, obfuscating it, making packets indistinguishable from others.  Just going to need to roll in the cost of a non-logging VPN to your internet in order to get the full speed out of it.  That seems to be the reality of it right now. 




 That's exactly the point.  And he didn't shine as a doctor because of it. 




 Check the travel time of the packets.  Ping sites such as yahoo.com, google, and then something obscure that you use.

If the ping isn't high; try running your connection so it's routed through a VPN.  If the speed jumps up by encrypting your connection, then you've got a pretty good case to say they're throttling you. 




 It's actually quite on topic.  The normal Windows shell won't allow you to do the things like OP is looking to do (colored characters, etc).  So in addition to OP asking "how would you do that"...I'm simply appending the question "on windows"...because it's easy as hell on Linux with a bash terminal.  Not so easy on the Windows side. 




 bur (am I doing this right?) 




 Another, related question: Getting a terminal that's worth a shit in windows?  Without going through a full cygwin install?  Maybe some way of packaging a terminal application in the python executable with busybox? 




 Can you do that?  Just call dibs like that? [](/woonapounce "If so, I call his PC!") 




 I think that's an OR thing.

3x the energy density OR reduce size and weight.  (Or some variation in between)  Because if you could do both, then you could obviously scale up to the same size, and get 4x, or 5x the energy density...and there's no reason they wouldn't be saying that if it were the case. 




 I feel like any respectable tattoo shop would just simply say "No.  I'm not going to do this tattoo."

Sure, it's her body; whatever.  But there should really be some professionalism in just simply refusing shit that is obviously a bad idea. 




 Honestly, being a fan of the show certainly shines through when a new actor takes the doctors place.  Tennant was a good example of this.  As was eccleston. 




 That's because David is best pony.[](/whooves) 




 I must also mention grabcad - It's less for 3D printing and more for _actual_ manufacturing, but occasionally you can find some really cool things to print there. 




 Not only that, but their parent company - Stratasys - is suing Afinia in court, _right now_.  MakerBot _IS_ Stratasys.  And Stratasys is doing their best to stop others from innovating.

3D printing is not popular due to Stratasys, 3DSystems, etc.  It's popular because of the Reprap movement and the ability for people to 3D print without gigantic inflated, patent guarded profits attached to it. 




 [Mark Kirk](https://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/summary.php?cid=N00012539 cycle=2014) 




 I get it now.  What this boils down to is confirmation bias.  The whole makerbot apologist side that you've taken clearly shows that.  It's sad that people take this route now.  "You think any other company is different?"...yeah.  I do.  Have fun defending MakerBot, you get what you deserve on this one. 




  People need to actually READ that patent they filed

This shows just how ignorant you are of the whole matter.  It's not just 1 patent.  It's close to 20 of them, and growing weekly.  They even had a job opening in their company for a 'patent harvester', and described the position as someone who was able to take ideas from the community and turn them into patentable works.  I'll see if I can find the waybackmachine of it and post it here for reference.

Found it: https://makerbot.applicantstack.com/x/detail/a2m4ro95lbqq

 coordinate invention harvesting and invention disclosures for potential patent application filing, including conducting patentability searches 




  Makerbot, [...] forced some real quality control in the market

....you're joking, right?  Are you being purposely ignorant, or are you just forgetful?  The rep2 was a terrible machine from the get-go, and most people, the first thing they had to do was print upgrades just to use the machine for any extended period of time.

On top of that, they had like 3-4 generations of complete bullshit, and lack of support.  Plenty of time to ponzi-scheme their way to success.  My guess is that you weren't in "the field" so to speak when the MakerBot cupcake was released.

Ask anyone who's been doing this for more than the past year, what bullshit MakerBot has pulled, how terrible their printers are/were, and about the complete lack of care for their customers (not like that's changed either though!  If you use anything other than MakerBot branded filament in their printers now, your warranty is null and void). 




 I'll agree on that point, mostly.  That's why I point the general public (in that price bracket) to the UltiMaker or UM2 mostly.  Yes...I point people to the UltiMaker as a DeltaMaker employee.  :D  I don't have any allegiances except for what pushes the 3D printing community forward.  When I feel our machines compete on a level that I can feel good about, then I'll recommend our machines. 




 Hey, but at least MakerBot isn't stealing their work and attempting to patent it, so there's that.  I'd take a Kickstarter printer over a MakerBot any day. 




 "Behind Schedule" - Sorry, but when you're doing renovations, there's not really a schedule that you can fall behind.  There's almost always going to be shit you find done incorrectly behind the walls, or something you've forgotten. 




 Ya know, when I see pictures of women, they have a set of tits.  Not boy-chest.  And you're the one who said she looked better as a boy. 




 It's almost like you're not even looking at the same picture as everyone else... 




 Only if you like prepubescent boys with long hair. 




 **[FEDORA TIPPING INTENSIFIES]** 




 I say that because the edit doesn't exactly clarify anything, and still makes it seem like we're not OK.  We are.  We're actually in a pretty good position now. 




  Deltamaker looks like they will complete their Kickstarter campaign but be dead in the water after that unless something crazy happens...*edit They say they are going to keep on going after and continue to deliver printrs.

And again; DeltaMaker is fine.  Thanks for perpetuating this idea that somehow we're not going to make it.  We only have 8 domestic shipments left, and something like 15 international.  And we have enough stock for hundreds more printers...so we're in no danger at all of falling under.

We're working on streamlining the build process, reducing the parts count, and building a bigger printer as a second option.  We've also got some free time now to work on some of our extra features like cloud slicing, etc. 




 Fucking hell people.  I was on a mobile client, that didn't have a comment save feature.  I didn't want to forget the mention of compton composter.  I run XFCE on an EEE 900A 4G as my daily driver.  Sheesh. 




 .  




 Also, if you've ever ate at a hole-in-the-wall chinese place, you've probably also had dog and cat. 




 Make sure you copper-fill next time.  Etching away that much copper per board is bound to saturate the solution very quickly. 




 That.........that's a GUY. 




 He's reviewing Five Guys. 




 If your ABS has a tendency to curl otherwise, it'll likely peel up the tape.  Blue paint actually has a release agent which is _meant_ to make it peel off of things easily.

Obviously a heated build area will help. 




 Basically you described nearly any laptop with an SD card slot (pretty much all of them) and a BIOS (also pretty much all of them) - Sooooooo...go get yourself a cheap netbook.  And have fun. 




 Speed limits do imply certain minimums.  You can get a ticket in a car for doing 15+ mph under the limit.  So I believe that cyclists should not be exempt from this rule either.  Do 30mph on a 45mph road?  You should have a $200 road obstruction ticket. 




 And they should also get tickets when "driving" 15mph under the speed limit. 




 Teenage drivers: Keep it up.  Maybe he'll eventually get the fucking message and stop riding on the road. 




 It's also not fucking nice to ride your bicycle on the road, which happens to be going 30mph in a 45mph.  If a _CAR_ were going 15 under, it's grounds for a ticket. 




 Honestly, you can give CubeWorld as much crap as you want but there has to be something said for the quality of animations, and the general feel of the game.  It's nice and fluid, it's got the right easing in/out for acceleration, it's very well polished compared to all of these "competitors" that people keep claiming are abound. 




 /sigh - upvote.  Because of course there is a subreddit for this... 




 Honestly, the dentist I know uses that machine as little as possible because it's a higher radiation dosage.  They prefer the gigantic square contraption that you bite down on and it ends up cutting up the roof of your mouth. 




 Nobody prices to cost.  Get over it. 




  What you are asking for is kind of like being a non-union employee demanding the benefits and negotiating power of the union but not having to pay your dues. It doesn't work like that.

I know you were trying to be serious and all, but it actually often does work like that with unions.  Generally when unions lobby for better wages, etc - non union members also get the same negotiated benefits.  Probably not the best example to try and use. :D 




  dentists charge too much

You know, they do have to pay their staff, keep the building, etc.  They charge what is sustainable. 




 Koy Wan looks to be doing pretty damn good on that list compared to a lot of places, to be quite honest. 




 Source?  




 I'm 32 and I've never had a vacation in my life.  I don't know the meaning of the word, practically. 




 imho, sharp nails looks fucking terrible.  There is a reason they aren't that popular. 




  They used his aunts large piece of property which has a large pool. The parents rented a funslide and like carnival food booths and a foam pit. 

 They are not the most well off people in the world

Fuck you.  Seriously.  This is like inviting everyone over to your freshly cleaned house, and saying "oh, sorry about the huge mess".

Not the most well off people in the world...gotta be fucking kidding me... 




