 He told it beautifully. Too bad no one believed him. All evidence was destroyed, and a 70 year old with severe PTSD can be hard to believe 




 My grandfather, of south-east asian descent, had many stories to tell. He had a gift with his words. The imagery of his words would play a miniature film in our heads while we were boys, from his mystifying tales of cultural legends or grotesque descriptions of the desolate wasteland left after a phantom run. But there was one story he told us, when we neared the age of adulthood, that shook my brother and I to our core. 

"It was the year 1972. The sleepy rural village of Treang was experiencing its troubles. It had been decimated by American bombing runs just years before. So far it was spared from Sar's war in the north of Cambodia, one that would later imprison much of the nation in his tyrannical rule. I had just gotten married to a beautiful girl, and this years harvest had been plentiful. If only I knew the horrors that I would face for 8 years, exchanging hands of madmen, and the utter loss of faith in the good of humanity, maybe I would have escaped. But there was no way of knowing of what was to come.

For what reason I was so far from my village I do not remember, but my walk through the jungle to the east took a drastically wrong turn. When I woke up, I was in a small settlement, located on ruins from the Angkor period. White and Khmer men with guns greeted me. Further regaining my senses, I was chained to a wall with 4, maybe 5, other men. One of the Khmer men yelled "THE TWO ELDEST", and the two men to my right were taken off the wall and led outside the shack that contained me. Then an oddly dressed white man, the leader of the group, emerged. Beckoning the armed men's respect, then muttered something to the other white man standing there, and we were escorted out.

The next thing I remembered was waking up in my barrack by way of a loud, inhuman noise. Standing before us was a priest. Not a priest like you know, he was more of a warden of sorts. He was a big and burly man with a pale complexion, more so than most of the white men even. He laid down the rules of this hellscape. You work when you are told to work, you eat when you are told to eat, those who dont work are sacrificed to the god-on-earth. The god-on- earth, I later found out, was the oddly dressed man.

One of these rituals that occurred every month was the initiation of the young, a baptismal event of sorts. What I saw here, however, was beyond horrid. All these kids, they had deformities! Some were missing legs or arms or eyes, some had horrid welts on their bodies, some had bent heads and clubbed feet. "The result of the Ambrosia they feed the women" the man beside me spoke,obviously malnourished and here a long time, "These children are desirable to god" he exclaimed. The Ambrosia, I would later figure out, had a horrid effect on plant life, and would cause illness in the women themselves. In America, they know it as "Agent Orange." Other days, we would see those who refused to work, or had just dropped due to exhaustion. They were tied to a stone pillar, tight enough where the ribs that were able to be counted to begin with stuck out even further, and these poor souls were sacrificed with a knife, and their bodies left to decompose in the open. You got used to the smell, you couldn't let anything bother you in this place. You ignored the sickly women being raped out in the open, instead opting to bury your head in the field and continue to reap under the brutal heat. You ignored the cries of the desirable children. It ruined you and kept you up and night only for a wile, before you were left in a constant state of almost comfortable numb. 

After 3 years of this hell, when I had forgotten about my wife, my old town, my old life, they came. The men of Saloth Sar appeared on the horizon. We were made to defend the haven, but when the came closer I ran like the devil to the river, dodging bullets and bombs, and hid. The battle was short, arming weak feeble men against an army that now controlled all of Cambodia proved futile, and the Khmer Rouge torched the site, and shot everyone they saw. My desire to live kicked in for the first time in many years, and I ran into the jungle east towards the Vietnamese border.

Upon making it through the Vietnamese border, almost being shot by the border guards out of fear of me being with White Scarves, then being detained. They interpreted my story as detainment under the Khmer Rouge themselves, who would be found of committing horrible atrocities themselves later. From there I went to Thailand and then America, settling in San Fransisco.

Throughout the years after my experience, the god on earth visited my dreams and appeared in my daily life. I saw the faces of those who died and were born under his horrible regime. I would spend days unable to get out of my bed, out of fear and sadness. Many days I thought of ending my eternal torment, being saved only by shreds of dignity and humanity I had left. In the 80's, I found my wife and your father, who had escaped the Khmer Rouge into Thailand, and had assumed I was dead. They pushed me to continue living, and sent me to a therapist. However, when I tried to explain my story, it was dismissed as PTSD.

When I think of the God-on-Earth, I realize that he was just a man as I was. A man out of his element, in a wilderness he has never seen, faced by an enemy he was bred to hate. I would look through documents to find out his real name, which I will not disclose. He was a pilot in the US Air Force who was downed in the Tet Offensive, and thought to have heroically defended his comrades near Tay Ninh before a few of his men and him had disappeared. He was presumed dead, and  a statue of his was erected in his hometown in  Nebraska. His friends and family described him as a family man who held a deep compassion for human life. He was an environmental activist advocating against uses of DDT as a pesticide. Its funny, how fear and desperation can change you, bring out the worst in you that you never knew you had. Or maybe it was the Ambrosia" 




 And an American tourist talking slow like you're simple "where....Is....The......Restroom" 




 I think it sounds similar to "euro" 




 Lol nobody actually clicked the link they just saw the title and went "HELL YEAH ILL COMMENT" 




 
And this is the mindset that gets nothing done IMO. 




 Well, seeing as a lot of Court Justices ARE getting up an age, Sanders WOULD be much better so when the congress changes to the left in a few years (after the 2014 disaster), It would be pretty smooth. 

In other words, Sanders first term wouldn't be nearly as successful as his second. 




