 While it is true that one could argue that the occupants are at risk of great bodily harm most states require more than the fact that someone broke into the home to prove that. 




 No. They could only shoot him if there was a threat of death or great bodily harm. So if he was not armed and ran when he saw them then it would not be legal to shoot him but if he was armed with a gun and they shot him then it would be legal. States do different on these laws though. 




 Then you get charged with murder. Well manslaughter more likely but still not a wise decision.

*edited for grammar 




 ["Did it ever occur to you it could be turned off and drip at the same time?"](http://www.cornel1801.com/video/Cousin-Vinny/lovevideo.html) 




 That's more than understandable. Feel free to PM if you'd like or ignore me lol. 




 Your parents subscribed to that method of parenting? What was it like? I don't mean to pry too much but I find the perspective of the now adult who was raised that way very interesting. Unfortunately most of my young clients I never see again so I do not know what happens to them or I see them again and again as they get in more serious trouble as they get older. 




 I am a criminal defense attorney. I can't even explain how infuriating it is when I get a young client because of some minor infraction that occurred in school. Often times the school safety agent acts as a judge, jury, and executioner and roughs up my client before placing him/her (mostly minority boys) under arrest. The thing this article leaves out though is the staggering number of parents who use the criminal justice system to discipline their children. There seems to be an increasing number of parents that call the police on their children for such minor things as fighting with their siblings, getting caught smoking marijuana, breaking something out of anger, etc. I acknowledge the fact that there are situations where it is necessary to get police involved even with children but the standard for that has lowered. A growing number of parents do not want to raise their children; they want someone else to do it for them. They choose the police, judges, etc. to effect discipline but are completely unaware or unsympathetic to the horrors their children face. Prison can be a scarring experience, even being stuck in jail for one night can do serious damage. Let's not forget missing school, becoming a social pariah, and getting criminal records. The list is endless. Don't blame TV, video games, etc. when your kids no longer trust you and do everything they can to avoid home. 









 This isn't recent news. This article is from 2009.

*edited for grammar 




 Rarely does anyone get jail time for prostitution in NY unless they were the pimps or had lengthy rap sheets. And as much as I hate prosecutors the majority of in court assistant district attorneys are low level nobodies with high law school debts and average pay, not the movers and shakers you apparently think they are. Their bosses may be though. 




 You do realize that it was a lot more than inconvenience for a few customers, right? And that this is not his first time in trouble or the first time he has been/will be sentenced to prison? And although you think justice is not intended to make examples of people that has long been accepted as a motive for sentencing people, the deterrence of others. In fact it is a factor that federal judges are required to consider in their sentencing determinations, "to afford adequate deterrence to criminal conduct." [18 U.S.C.  3553(a)(2)(B)](http://codes.lp.findlaw.com/uscode/18/II/227/A/3553). I agree a life sentence is too harsh but it is also unlikely for him to get a life sentence. I also agree that this judge should recuse herself to avoid the appearance of injustice whether it would exist or not. 









 You remembered correctly. [Here](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2012-03-21/suit-against-new-york-law-school-dismissed-by-state-court-judge.html) is some information about it and some more [here](http://abovethelaw.com/2012/03/breaking-class-action-lawsuit-against-new-york-law-school-dismissed/). 









 The article is a little confusing because it does not appear he was fighting for his right to be tried as the article claims because he is no longer being held and no charges were ever brought against him. He won the ability for his lawsuit against the government to go forward. When you sue someone you always have to demonstrate standing and damages. That being said it is terrible what the government did to him and I hope he wins. 




 Ah yes I should only let you make serious statements in /r/funny. I actually practice criminal law so enjoy whatever class you're still stuck in. And good luck trying to argue common law in motions and in front of a judge when he is going to defer to how courts have interpreted the statutes. I'm sure arguing about malice aforethought for a murder charge based on a statute involving intent will go over real well.  




 But that is only true for the minority of jurisdictions and for the rest that's incorrect. That statement implies that the criminal common law is still followed while statutes supplement it. When in reality the penal codes (statutes) completely replaced the common law in the majority of jurisdictions. 




