 It's all good guys, It's safe.... I'll show myself out. 




 Well, "She ain't got time to take a fast train!" 




 Ha ha. 




 So sad, it must be a anorexia party or something. 




 1980 what? She kinda looks like Becky Katsopolis, Where my 80's homeboys at? 




 It says I need to become a member to view this article...... Next! 




 Red Robin!... YUMMMMM! 




 The one on the left "is doing it rite". Do not ever point a gun at someone. 




 Now you don't have to use your fingers to pick your nose in public. 




 (The chick on the right) You must be plus size and wear sandals. 




 I like how fat chicks wear sandals because they think they're cute and trendy... No bitch, you're just fat and lazy! 




 Calm down, it's just a simple Cysterectomy. 




 We have them all over our warehouse grounds, several acres. I asked a security guard why he would use them and that is exactly why. 




 My dad has one similar to this one. Does the panel with the 4 buttons on it slide downward revealing more buttons? 




 Maybe an axle to a toy car, [Here](http://www.king-tower.com/product/986613874-218823885/car_axle.html) is a site that sells them. 




 I was just going to say that. 




 It's nice to see the top comment be a happy ending and not a Joke or sexual innuendo such as "Now she has a fourth hole!" or something like that. 









 HA! (there doesn't seem to be anything here) I get it... Black fathers don't stick around... RACIST! But funny... And racist... funny...racist... Shit! I'm stuck in a funny out weighs the racist but racist isn't funny paradigm Loop! 




 No one will probably get this, but does the third picture remind anyone of Alice's Restaurant by Arlo Guthrie? 




 Ha! True that. 




 Tell me this is Portland. 




 He forgot how to doughnut. 




 This is awesome! You may have started a trend for next Halloween. 




 It wasn't the cake you pretentious tool! He rescued it from a factory farm so its all GMO'd up. It's probably more realistically some genetic disorder from all the Selective breeding. Kudos to you OP for saving the little gal.  




 I just checked my 50BTC account and had 56btc, I only had .01 last I checked, I tried the payout and it said not enough bitcoins, then my real total appeared. That's 11k In USD, That would really help. But it's just a glitch. 




 If you click on the product, zoom in on the WARNING section of the packaging photo. [here] (http://www.amazon.com/Haribo-Gummy-Candy-Sugarless-5-Pound/dp/B000EVQWKC/ref=cm_cr_pr_product_top) They knew what they were doing, they knew the whole damn time! 




 At least He's not wearing socks with his sandals. 




 Good work sir! 




 True, Helium is a natural element, There is a limited supply, kind of like oil. The more we use the less there is and the more it costs.
[A nice article on the very subject](http://theweek.com/article/index/225856/is-the-world-running-out-of-helium) 




 I love my Corsair SSD 254 Gig, $189. Thank you Fry's! 




 Thank you, I now have a nice new desktop background. 




 I'm 31 and my Grandfather still does this. It means more each year he is still able to do it. Love you Grandpa. 




 I'm surprised this does not have more upvotes. 




 If you notice, the plastic plug mold is supposed to be apposing itself (One pointing up, the other down), it's not melted, just Older styling. 50's or 60's Id say. And possibly asbestos coating, It's okay people, asbestos wont kill you if you don't crunch it up into dust and start breathing it in for a month or two. Enjoy your time. Don't be all weary of the creepy plug. 









 Crown point, Been there many a time. It's a 15 minute drive from my front door. I love the Columbia Gorge. 




 Don't lie, you love their lumps... "Their lovely Cullatori lumps, Check it out!" 




 Here's the [video] (http://www.break.com/video/what-s-the-opposite-of-climbing-a-wall-like-a-boss-2493812) 









 Is there anything Bryan Cranston cant do? 




 Yeah baby! 




