 Terrible, in my opinion.  




 Try to log out   long into Uplay. May work.  




 For the Playstation Sotre, or what? 




 You can Google for the 1.01 version of this app (.ipa format) and transfer it to your iPhone/iPad.  




 I'm personally a great fan of the Assassin's Creed franchise and owned every single game in special edition's, and I confess that some games (especially Black Flag), weren't that great and even terrible. 

However, Unity is absolutely grand. Sure, there're a few FPS drops (On PS4, I don't know how are thing on the PC), and there're a few bugs but overall I found this game amusing and interesting. I can see the amazing work Ubisot has put into this game and honestly, after playing it almost 20 full hours, I simply cannot understand the terrible reviews this game received.

This, in my opinion, outranks Assassin's Creed 2 which I used to consider one of the best action-adventure games ever. I agree with everything said and I think the devs should be praised AT LEAST for the enormous effort they put into this game, even while some may discourage them for the bugs, story etc.  




 Geez, this is so beautiful.  




 Oh yea baby! We're golden!  




 [Johnny Garrett](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johnny_Garrett) was probably innocent (he declined to make a last statement though). 




 It makes me feel bad. It's crazy, even with the website that mentioned their last statements, how even such murders seem so human and sympathetic. 
How can someone look at those meals, trying to hang onto every single bite and taste, knowing it's your last. It's something I could never understand.  




 http://www.tdcj.state.tx.us/death_row/dr_info/tignergeraldlast.html

Perhaps it is terrible for me to consider those people human. It makes me wonder how many of those people were actually innocent. I guess that's the worst thing about the death penalty.  




 [PERFECT.](http://pandyland.net/random/?comicid=627380494) 




 http://pandyland.net/random/?comicid=627380494
PERFECT. 









 The 41 Most Jizz-Worthy Codexes Since The Fall Of The Republic. 




 It went smooth (;  




 It feels slightly worse on my iPad Mini 2, so I wanted to know if you also notice a difference. If so, what's your device and how bad is it?  




 Is it dangerous to update if my device is Jailbroken? What will/can happen? 









 Internet.  




 Good luck! I heard that pot isn't that hard to leave off. It's not physical addiction. 




 This experience touched my heart so greatly I had to share it. It was posted in Hebrew, online, yet since I'm an Israeli I decided to translate it and share it with you. 

A few days ago the little one asked for pizza. Fucking pizza. Four or five dollars, depending on whether it is with or without additions. And you try to convince her that we will eat at home and a fried egg is a thousand times more delicious and you will make her a cool face with a cucumber as a nose and a smile of pepper on the plate. But she wants a pizza.
And you try to coax her, because you have looked at the wallet. You have three dollars and twenty cents. Eighty cents are missing to reach one slice of pizza. And you curse yourself for every beggar and a street musician you ever gave your cents when you still had money, and you remember how you allowed yourself indulge a few days before with a mini-croissant at the bakery by the house and it was a croissant that was sold by weight and cost two dollars and a half, and you're flooded with feeling of guilt. With those two dollars and half in your wallet you would buy her the pizza, and even put her additions above it. 
And it is humiliating to think about it. Humiliating that you even grieve yourself over eighty cents, and even more than you don't have eighty cents to buy pizza for the girl. And you already think in your head to perhaps ask the pizza seller to be forgiving on eighty cents and to promise him you will return tomorrow, and plan to take of your parents money at night and then drive to him in the morning and put a whole dollar on the counter and say thanks and keep the change because he was so nice. 
But meanwhile you are with the kids in the middle of the street, and the girl wants pizza. And you explain that you want very much to take them because they were lovely and the best kids in the world, but you don't have money right now (because you didn't really think to ask the pizza seller a discount: to put your problems on him would be exaggerated), and then her older brother tells her: "Daddy doesn't have money for pizza. Let's eat at home. It would be fun, I promise". And he asks you in worried eyes if you don't have money because they have asked too many things in the past, and you say that not at all and force out your strongest laughter, and tell him that it is completely fine to ask and that they are the most wonderful kids and allowed to ask for everything they want and if you can you would give it to them, and with all his syllable you feel you died a little more inside. And you are so happy that they both get to you more or less to the waist and you lift your head and look to the heavens so they won't see the look on your face. And then the little one says "OK", and does not seem to really care. Then she says, "I found a bill of five dollars this week, and I put my pot at mom. Can I give it to you and then you will have money?" And she asks that in the best look and most innocent and sweetest and most meaningful there is and you die even more inside. 
Then thousands of nails being fired at you at once, and digging into the flesh and the heart wishes to explode, and it is hard to breathe because the chest twitches in quick breaths of pre-crying and you swallow and rise your eyes as much as possible until there is no more lids to try to keep help the tears do not escape out of the sides of the eye and feel the tip of the nose begins to leak. And you walk, all three of you on the street, and small hands holding your hands as if you are an island of stability for them, and you feel the exact opposite of island of stability: you are humiliated, because you never occurred to yourself to not have change for pizza when your daughter will ask. Because you never thought would go down the street with two children that one day would understand how much you don't have to give them. How much you cannot provide them with the little pleasure they wanted: something not too expensive. A slice of pizza.

I may translate more if you're interested. For those who're willing to use Google Translate and can't wait, the full story is here:
http://www.ha-makom.co.il/post/avudim-oni?utm_source=socialplat utm_medium=fbpage utm_campaign=avudim-oni 




 This made me hate modern world.  




 This song gets 10/10? Seriously?  




 There will never be nothing better than Sitka Banner.  




 This... actually sounds better than my current plot.  




 Vincent's  




 Well, what if I write the adventures of an academic from the mid-19th century? 




 r/writing doesn't seem to like them very much. But why?
Edit: Sorry, I meant 'why' in the title. 




 Diplomacy with a terrorist organization, whose intentions are to destroy Tel Aviv and to eliminate Israel? 
If diplomacy was ever possible, such actions wouldn't have been required.   




 I can confirm this.  




 This. By the way, do you something like it? Though I think it's kind of a unique album. 




 I love this.  




 Why does this sound familiar to me? 




