 America used to have some balls. 




 "Platonic trip" 




 Unless you forward this email to 10 other people! 




 She could have burned 1000 calories in the time it took to write that shitstain of a post. 




 The SKYFOOGLE 









 I don't know who you are, just wanted to say you are one good-looking dude. 



















 If you were a Jedi/Sith, what shape would your lightsaber be? 




 If you could travel back in time, what advice would you give your 10 year old self? 




 What's the coolest thing you could make in a woodshop? 




 What is your favorite acronym? 




 What's your favorite word? 




 The Swanson; bacon wrapped around a turkey leg. Was it as good as it looked? 




 Hey Nick, big fan. Just wanted to ask, who is your favourite stand-up comedian(s)? 




 What was your strangest fan encounter? 




 When you play monopoly, which game piece do you choose? 




 Did you ever get into a fight as a child? If so, did you win? 




 If you were a Guardian of the Galaxy, what would your intergalactic superhero name be? 




 Suddenly the world descends into chaos and a zombie-like virus takes over most of the population. What do you do? 




 Do you have any great stories about you and Chris Pratt? 




 Nick Offerman, you are generally seen as a super manly-man on TV. What is something not so manly that you do in private? 




 Your SO is pretty loose, man. 




 Mustachioed campus republican  




 1667 km/hr 









 The puns. 




 Sorry-Lord
 









 Just wondering, does wearing the makeup make skin blemishes more frequent or prominent? Cause from what I can tell the average, non-makeup-wearing man has less skin problems. 




 I didn't think the Husban x4 had a camera. Did you attach a GoPro to it? 









 Open the pod bay doors please Hawking. 




 This man is the embodiment of all my greatest fears. Bald, fat, bad hygiene, and a cunt. 




 Just like Kevin Bacon! 




 Jesse. James. Meowth, that's right! 




 Honestly that's a whole lot better. I bet Jar Jar Abrams is kicking himself right now. 




 I also have that phone. I like it as well. 




 7.8/10 

Too much water 




 Check your privilege, shitlord. 




 Damn, where's that from? Sounds profound, and I feel like I have heard it before. 




