 I pretty much agree with you. The characters were pretty unlikeable across the board. And the main character struck me as an ass... other than generic sympathy for another human being in a life-threatening situation, I couldn't think of a reason why I should care what happened to him. Listening to the book on audio may have had something to do with my opinion, though. Occasionally, a reader's inflection and delivery can have a negative impact on my enjoyment of a book, and this reader had the sarcasm turned up to 11.

As for the structure of the book, it got very tiresome, very quickly. To its credit, I finished it pretty quickly and didn't really have to put it down. But, most of it lacked drama and tension, for me. There was no problem Mark could not solve (unsurprising, since all problems were created by the author to be solved), so it really boiled down to extended explanations of how the latest crisis would be overcome. Basically, this:

**

"Oh, crap. I'm in trouble. If I don't fix this I'm going to be dead."

"I have no idea how to fix this; I need to think about it."

...chapter break...

"I have a solution. I will now explain it in painful detail for twenty minutes."

"Having explained the solution, I will now do what I just explained. Meet me back here in a couple chapters to see how it goes."

...

"Surprise. It worked."

"Oh, crap. I have another problem. If I don't fix this, I'm dead."

...repeat...

**


Sometimes the solutions were really fun and clever, sometimes they were too technical, and most of the time they were between the two. In almost all cases, it drags. 

I can see why people like the book. But, ugh. 




 If quality weren't a driver of sales, then any game released during a "lull" would sell millions and take Sony by surprise. Since that doesn't happen, one would assume that the quality of BB had a lot to do with the high sales numbers.

BB probably benefited from good timing, but that's only one factor. 




 Presumably, you have the money to burn if you blind-buy games digitally.  




 You must be looking at old numbers. As of April 14th, it was reported as selling over a million units in less than two weeks.  




 Buy the game that you want to play most right now. The other games will still be available when you get around to them. There are too many games these days to be slave to the release schedule. 




 Probably about the same percentage of people as any other game. 









 Maybe I just haven't been following the news on this game closely enough. That article was the first time I'd heard any hints about the structure of the game narrative or some of the ancillary marketing stuff they're doing. Or recent confirmation that the target release date is this year. Seems like news to me. 




 This is not true. Based on the New Yorker article, there *is* an end-game arc. A mystery to solve, and gameplay that increases in difficulty as you get closer to the end. It's not just 'la-la-look-at-the-pretty-flowers.' There's also mining, development, combat, etc. 




 Thanks so much for posting this link. That was a great read. 




 Good point, that's true. 




 I second this nomination! This is crazy awesome news. Mario Kart, anyone? 




 Probably. I think accounts are complete separate from one another (unless they are child accounts).  




 I've had my subscription lapse multiple times, and I've never had trouble accessing previous content once I renewed the sub.  




