 Star Wars jedi power battles? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Star_Wars_Episode_I:_Jedi_Power_Battles 




 man,  if only she had been in Showgirls instead of Elizabeth Berkley. 




 As a kid my family had vhs copies of the karate kid and Adventures in babysitting and I was in love with Elisabeth Shue. 









 Titus. Best sitcom Fox ever had. 




 I miss Atton Rand and Mira :( 









 true that 




 who doesn't hate it? 




 Me too, I always sing it Time After Time 




 a movie, book, tv show, clothing trend, whatever. 














 stories, some sci-fi and fantasy. I'm not making money or anything, it's more of a hobby. I always wrote good stories and speeches in my English classes so that's where I started. 




 Its premise might sound weird, but it really is good. Some kind of plague wipes out every male mammal on Earth, except for this guy and his monkey. And they have to travel alongside this government agent and this scientist to find out why the plague happened and how to fix it. I think it's pretty good because it doesn't just focus on the characters, it shows you what the world would be like without men, the good and the bad. It's well written, well drawn, and since it was planned with only 60 issues in mind it doesn't feel dragged on, and by the end all plot threads are tied up. The only thing bad I can say is that the ending might not be what you want, but it's ending that leaves you satisfied. 




 Final Fantasy 9. It showed me how powerful fictional characters can have on you and that helped inspire me to start writing. 




 Its ok, I was touched by Airborne and Encino Man. 




 Y: the last man

Even if you don't like comic books you need to read this. Buy it, torrent it, whatever. 




 gadgets, movies, people, ideas..... 




 i'll help you out 




 I think it's attractive when they show self-respect. For me it's a major turn-off when girls complain that they are fat, unintelligent, or too skinny. 









 thanks :) 




 source... 














 well now they have that new show coming out, Hannibal. But the guy playing Lecter is the bad guy from Casino Royale so I don't know if it's gonna be good. 




 I think Harry Potter could have been a tv show, maybe not better but still. I don't know how long kids in the United Kingdom have off for summer break, but in america its 3 months, so i'm guessing a Hogwarts school year is about 9 months. That's a lot of time to sum up in about 2 hours. 




 like? 




 even though some will call this a cop-out, you can answer with what you think would be better as a mini-series, too. 




 I want to see Catcher in the Rye as a movie, but at the same time I don't. The reason why is that I can't think of a good actor for Holden. If only they could have made a movie in the 80's, I think Anthony Michael Hall could have been a good pick. 




 this and Kids next door were the reason I always watched cartoon network. 




 I've had a similar experience, when I was a kid my older brother used to always come back from his friends house smelling funny. And I always wondered when his friends came over why he wouldn't let me hang out with them. 




 I was just playing Star Wars: Shadows of the empire the other day. I was surprised how much I found it difficult compared to when I played it years ago as a kid. 




 *childhood, goddamn I need to proofread more. 




