 That probably sounded better in your head. 




 Don't know what they are doing now. 




 quit over money 




 Immortality  


































 I liked them. 




 It'a just a phrase. A perfect script does not exist and never will. WTF.

-2? For just stating maybe wait a bit and try and fine tune the script. Jesus made me unwelcome on here. that's nice 




 Chartoff no? Since he was a major film player 




 The true power of this film is love.

 














 In 99% of the world it is called normalcy.  




 Michael Mann for season 3! 




 2 hours too late 




 Maybe they should have waited another year for another perfect script. 




 Everything can be bettered.

Edit@** Well look at that. Amongst fans as I am, I simply state that everything can be bettered, which is a fact, everything can be, and I am at -3 in the downvotes. That's pretty sad now guys. 




 No you will take this variety reviewers opinion as the word of god! 









 Read disgust, didn't get the whoop de do 





























 didn't think you would be old enough to shave 




 1 year then he is free. Woah. 









 Edge X2 









 The Killing Fields is well known, but there was a prison where many died. This is the story of two men who managed to survive the death camp during the time of the Khmer Rouge in Cambodia. 


Warning: graphic to some. 
























 Invest 1 Million dollars in 100 decent start ups with ideas that will benefit the world. 




 careful with that edge now 




 Noah? Exodus? The new Ben Hur when it i sout

What the fuck? Who is downvoting this. He asked for recommendations and I gave some. What the fuck. 




 That's not a great side effect. Mine was carb intake, but runs all day is not good, talk to the doctor again  




 royally

jelly

royal jelly

batman


get it 




 People who are jelly 




 /r/iamverysmart  




 Eh not really 




 My drinking 




 gonewild 




 Engage them head on and destroy them. 




 [Interesting question.](http://i.imgur.com/gIZv6.gif) 









 Hope this is good 














 What the hell. Guy was a genius. Apparently this is some sort of secret school he had. Brilliant stuff. 
























 I don't understand. There are many better crime writers out there. Why is this so highly upvoted. Unless people are just voting the name. 
























 So talent alone is not enough. Aren't chick-lit (whatever, it's a term), romance, erotica, YA and maybe some others dominated by women writers? Not to mentioned magazine writers. And a considerable portion of literary writers are women if I am not mistaken.  





























 Everyone complains about Avatar on here tho 




 Yes, and not all people watch films for entertainment. 




  There are no sacred cows. We should be able to discuss films openly here.

Here? LOL

But the timing in that movie is majestic, perfect time with the apes, perfect movement into the future, perfect pacing all the way

I think the jumps suit the film, the sudden movements into future states

And the slow control of them, as humanity is in that early space stage, we move slow, out of control a lot, tentatively on the edge, towards the unknown

 




 Jesus what a day. 














 Arsenal.  




 Eh most people knew him from a lot of other stuff. Not everyone is a youngster you know. 



















 Sky sports used to. 




 rule of 3's

 



















 I didn't see this posted before. Was it? 









 http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2015/06/10/world/asia/north-korea-photos-video.html 









 that's not a job, become a bee keeper 




 get a job you damn hippie! 



















 cool 














 Millions. The erotic writing ebook market is huge and is as bad as 50 shades. 




 LOLOLOL

I meant no eh

LOLOL 



















 http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13329738-a-feast-of-ice-and-fire 




 Am I missing out not being able to play these games? I thought LA Noire looked like something I would love but didn't own systems for it. 




 Kind of the opposite. 









 Which one. Crazy Takashi or Family Drama Mike? 




 Do one really great Wolverine movie, few cameos across the thing until it is rebooted. Perfect way to ease out. 




 Could his children really watch that English crime thing? 




 Steady earner I think. 




 Holy fuck. 




 Yes, yes he is Kent. 









 http://www.empireonline.com/news/story.asp?NID=44548 












































 I think they suck.  









 I feel the same, why I posted the question. Good, solid, but not this amazing life changing film that some people think 




  Arde en el infierno,

Dmo arigat, Mr. Roboto? 









