 Probably not very helpful opinion but as you said, these are ahistorical. There is a reason these swords were invented for the movies... If you're looking to cut than I'd hugely recommend a more traditional Katana. The curvature of the blade, while an artifact of production, helps hugely with slicing. The major issue is that these are slicing weapons, not chopping. As such if you're looking for functionality I'd go with what's been historically tested and proven. Just my two cents. 




 The Arcadia National Bar is perfect for a bachelor party... Beer and arcade games. 




 It seems like something worthwhile to learn, even if you don't do it for practical reasons. It'll certainly increase understanding of the iaito (shinken, etc) if ntohing else 




 I'll certainly try adding another Seppa, I don't think there is that much play, but it's something I've been toying around with in my head for a while. What about using some thin copper sheet and cutting my own seppa? 




 Treat it with Beeswax... I see where this could certainly help, but would you mind going into more details as to why and how you do it?

Thanks! 




 so I purchased a [tozando toryumon classic iaito]( http://www.tozandoshop.com/Toryumon-Classic-FAST-SHIPPING-p/070-toryumon[fast].htm) about 6 months ago and so far its held up well enough but it has developed a bit of play in the tsuba and the samegawa/ito is shrinking or slipping. I would imagine with a lower end iaito this would be common. I do practice frequently but take excellent care of my equipment. this raises a couple of questions  - what are some common issues with iaito (or any gear like hakama, etc) that are treatable or even preventable. what do you do that other might not know about? 

E: [images of ito and samegawa wear]( http://imgur.com/N1MDaSK,H7vpooI) 




 Late to the party here but a couple of points:

- read up on [Miyamoto Musashi](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miyamoto_Musashi). He is a historical, and legendary, samurai. Musashi was most famous for writing Go Rin No Sho (the book of five rings) which was a book on tactics and swordsmanship. Find a decent translation and give it a read. But prior to writing it he was heralded as one of Japans greatest swordsmen... Ever. Among Hus feats was defeating a man named Kojiro who wielded an odachi. Musashi allegedly carved one of his own from a boat oar to win the duel. Also relevant to you is his development of a style called Hyoho niten ichi ryu. Niten ichi ryu is centered on using the katana and wakizashi together and simultaneously. Very unusual.

- As an iaido student believe me when i tell you this: one handed odachi is not the best choice. Super human strength (mentioned in other comments) will work  only in suspending belief but not to anyone with practical historical context. The katana and odachi both are slicing weapons, not chopping. Propper cutting is wildly difficult to do even with years of practice.  A factor to consider is that a good cur must come from using your core muscles and legs. This requires both arms to do well. Clearly this is not an absolute as musashi was able to make effective cuts with one hand but its wily atypical.

- short of trying some classes yourself check out some iaido and kenjutsu videos on YouTube. Any koryu videos will provide a good context of what good Japanese sword techniques should look like.

- at the end of the day its your book and write what you love. Two quick and awesome reads would be the book of five rings and the Hagakure. They'll give you a lot of historical context. Just make sure you find a martial translation rather than philosophical or business related. 




 Oh for sure! but what you don't want to do is take them unless you're I'll. Sugar and especially salt have so many field uses (sterilization, treating oral injuries, etc) that its useful to have raw. Also this mixture will replace sodium, chloride, and iodine ions you lose in sweat, urine, and stool as well as help supply glucose to your nervous system to combat dehydration. Its not to be used to combat illness but rather to rehydrate and make the infection less life threatening. 




 One huge thing you can add to an altoids kit is salt and sugar. Instead of using packets buy a pack of drinking straws (preferably multiple colors) and pinch one end with needle-nose plyers over a candle to crimp. Measure in 1 table spoon of salt. Crimp open end same as first. Repeat for sugar. This will create waterproof and compact storage. The W.H.O recommends treatment for diarrheal diseases and dehydration with a mixture of salt and sugar in clean water (where there is no access to medicine or medical attention. Eg refugee camps). I'm on mobile and don't remember the ratios but a quick Google search will pull that up. 




 This. Everything about this. I can no longer binge on skittles since they fucked up that damned beautiful rainbow... Well maybe I'm full of shit and I still guzzle skittles like Jenna Jameson but I'm not happy about it. 




 Very much yes. All the yes. 




 I grew up in NH in the 90's (80s baby here) and we used to rock so.e serious spades. Down down baby was a second d/third verse. However there is absolutely nothing to do in New Hampshire except sing that song and throw rocks at trees. So there's that haha.  




 Its a common childhood rhyme in the US but it differs regionally or even between groups of kids. If you've ever seen the movie Big with Tom Hanks you'd have heard it. 









 Early Children of Bosom for sure. Especially the album Something Wild. Check out the track Red Light In My Eyes (pt 1 even has harpsichord intro IIRC) 




 Alagash White. Done. 




 Corbin Dallas multi-pass 




 Saw them tour off this album. Loudest damn set I've ever seen. 




 Same with our pup. We adopted her from the south in march and she was dead silent for about a week. Then as she got more comfortable she started yodeling every now and then. She sounds like Chewbacca bred with a husky; pretty damn funny! 




 Jesus, our dogs could have been from the same litter
http://imgur.com/Wrx0hDO

We adopted her as border collie and Shepherd mix but our vet thinks she's border collie, husky, and basenji. Does your dog yodel or bark? 




