




 Good one, Tuck! 









 Beautiful shot, beautiful place.  




 In fact, I think BitShares has been running a concept called "Get hired by the blockchain". Developers and even marketing folks can make an income directly once they offer their services to the community.  




 These are very exciting projects.  




 Doesn't Detroit need a DH until Victor Martinez gets back? 




 Proof of stake...works anywhere! 




 You mean the Kenyan terrorist?

Gallup's still pissed at him because they blew the General Election turnout models so badly in both Obama elections. 




 Really? Didn't PPP have Walker with 25 in NH earlier this week? It's just noise at this point.  




 A subsidized pool? Is this supposed to be a more profitable choice for miners?  














 I'm glad they are a loving family. Pardon me while I gag. 




 If a third party rises and takes over part of the agenda and vote share, then we will retreat again into a two-party system. It just won't be the same two original parties. Look back at American history; somehow, the country just sets up well for having two strong parties. There are many theories as to why.  




 That's big indictment of Stellar in this article:

"This is clearly the end of the line for Stellar. I mean, theyre not admitting that, but I mean, my God, you might as well be running a currency on an Excel spreadsheet. Stellar is now counterparty to a currency. And its a very weak counterparty. If Stellar Development Corp goes out of business, holders have nothing. Compare that to ripple or Bitcoinif there was no Ripple Labs, ripple the currency would still exist, just like Bitcoin. The new proposed Stellar protocol defeats the whole purpose of distributing protocol and theyve had to stop that because their consensus was broken. Theyre trying to pin this on Ripple but from where I sit, Ripple has never been more stable. Theyve never been doing more transactions and have something like 90 people on the team. I suspect Jed probably broke something about a month ago, but make no mistakethis is a catastrophe for them. This idea that Jed is gonna invent a new consensus system in a couple of months and their phony 4 million accounts will just sit there and wait 

At its core, Stellar is no longer a cryptocurrency. Its a token form counterparty, and what is the risk of that counterparty? They dont disclose how much money they make. I mean thats why the SEC exists, right? So not only can you not rely on transactions of any kind going through because, as the sole validator, Stellar is the entire arbitrator of that, youre holding assets that used to be a digital asset that is now a digital liability. Thats a fundamental change, especially ironic coming from Jed, the purist libertarian. Now he runs a sort of unregistered central issuer of liability. Its really stunning. 




 That's big indictment of Stellar in this article:

"This is clearly the end of the line for Stellar. I mean, theyre not admitting that, but I mean, my God, you might as well be running a currency on an Excel spreadsheet. Stellar is now counterparty to a currency. And its a very weak counterparty. If Stellar Development Corp goes out of business, holders have nothing. Compare that to ripple or Bitcoinif there was no Ripple Labs, ripple the currency would still exist, just like Bitcoin. The new proposed Stellar protocol defeats the whole purpose of distributing protocol and theyve had to stop that because their consensus was broken. Theyre trying to pin this on Ripple but from where I sit, Ripple has never been more stable. Theyve never been doing more transactions and have something like 90 people on the team. I suspect Jed probably broke something about a month ago, but make no mistakethis is a catastrophe for them. This idea that Jed is gonna invent a new consensus system in a couple of months and their phony 4 million accounts will just sit there and wait 

At its core, Stellar is no longer a cryptocurrency. Its a token form counterparty, and what is the risk of that counterparty? They dont disclose how much money they make. I mean thats why the SEC exists, right? So not only can you not rely on transactions of any kind going through because, as the sole validator, Stellar is the entire arbitrator of that, youre holding assets that used to be a digital asset that is now a digital liability. Thats a fundamental change, especially ironic coming from Jed, the purist libertarian. Now he runs a sort of unregistered central issuer of liability. Its really stunning. 




 Yowza! Good article.  




 Is Barry Bonds available to DH? 




 Wow, that's great news.  




 Wait, is that the Dixville Notch vote? Did all 50 of them vote already?
Just kidding. Thought Christie would be higher, but the rest don't surprise me. NH has become a less useful predictor since the GOP has turned into a mostly southern party.  




 He's probably worth more at the trade deadline, given that there will be additional suitors then.  









 "If they lifted the blackout rules, I would definitely get MLB TV."

Me too! 




 Can we just have the election now? 




 It is getting pretty old to see this same picture on something like 1/10th of all /r/Bitcoin postings (slight exaggeration, but not by much).  




 Your feelings are understandable, then. I took you for just another expat complainer, but you have good reasons and experiences to back it up. Good luck to you. I hope things turn out well.  




 From the thumbnail image, I thought it was a ship! 




 You asked about BitShares. This allows you to send money to anyone, at any time, anywhere in the world, instantly, for (present cost) 3 cents per transaction. The "money" is cryptocurrency and, if you wish, you can keep it in one of the market-pegged BitAssets they have available such as BitUSD or BitGOLD. Holding these yields a small rate of interest, by the way. Plus, with TITAN, you can send BitShares currency or BitAssets using just a name/nickname (e.g. "Bytemaster") rather than an account number. Traceability is a bitch, though every transaction is part of the public ledger. In this way, it is like Bitcoin, not entirely dark, except that BitShares is faster and solves Bitcoin's volatility issues. 

So if your idea of Dark is 'ink-black' dark, then BitShares isn't for you. But it does have some advantageous features for those who want to stay off the proverbial grid and stick it to the government using a decentralized approach that was carefully designed to be legally compliant. And I think that's right in line with what Maidsafe could also bring, if they ever are able to make the Maidsafe technology work. The author of the article cited in the original post is a big fan of both.  




 If you get strung up on a BS charge in that foreign country, your first call will be to that U.S. embassy. And suddenly, they'll be your best friend. If you don't think so, why do you still have your passport? 

By the way, I'm not trying to be a jerk. I've actually been in your shoes before myself. And as the years passed, I realized I was glad I kept my U.S. citizenship.  




 Bitcoin's volatility issues have been solved, once and for all! 




 Really wonderful site! 




 Which tells you all you need to know about the GOP Iowa caucuses. 




 EXACTLY! Thank you. The going rate for these expensive elite pitchers is ridiculous, considering they only start around 30 games. Give me someone who can play the better part of 161 and potentially affect the score every time he's out there. Even on a bad day, he makes the lineup around him a whole lot better.  




 Maybe he should leave his party then. Complaining and saying 'no' is about all they know how to do.  




 Wow. That's an unbelievable margin. Uncle Joe, there will always be a City Council seat for you back home in Delaware.  




 That all may be true. I was surprised Colletti lasted that long. But I don't think anyone in baseball has seen a roster quite like the Oakland A's had last year. The depth and versatility of those players at multiple positions was a step beyond the typical Moneyball team, which everyone else has caught onto. Both Beane and Forst have publicly credited Zaidi with a lot of their innovations in recent years. Now maybe he doesn't need to go to those extremes with a larger payroll (Zaidi has a healthy respect for traditional scouting also). We will see.  




 There are a lot of very intelligent people who are libertarians. The main focus of their intelligence often is on other areas (e.g. engineering or tech) so IQ does not necessarily translate into smarter political decisions. 

I'm not saying libertarians are bad, just that this doesn't make them more correct than anyone else.  




 I don't know, but Colleti was more old school than this crowd. Wasn't the platoon thing Zaidi's biggest contribution in Oakland? With Friedman and Zaidi, I think the ownership sent a strong signal they want to win with those technical tools. I'm not sure the roster really reflects that kind of team, but I would expect there might be a stronger inclination towards using technical advantages at some of the positions.  




 You won't sell many unless it's a closely related topic. Just sell on Amazon and trade your currency for Bitcoin.  




 Mattingly's going to have his hands full again. Especially with all the switches he'll need to satisfy his new Moneyball/platoon/shifting bosses. 









