 So glad I just moved to Raleigh :) 




 Megaman Legends 3 :( 




 Beat me to it. Dammit. 




 Can you imagine if Bowser was the good guy and Mario was a villain? 




 She's legitimately nuts. I found out shortly after hooking up with her, twice. She held a knife to her ex boyfriends throat when he wanted to sleep for work the next day instead of having sex, I told her that was it between us the next day. I received CONSTANT calls for the next couple days, then it turned occasional calls. Finally, nothing. Fast forward two years, she now has a baby and (to my knowledge at the  time) she had just broken up with her boyfriend. Also at this time, it had been awhile for me and I had a couple drinks. She called me with the sole intention of having sex, so stupid me went and did it....twice again. It was the same thing, oh why don't you wanna be with me until finally she let loose. "Fuck you asshole, my boyfriend will be here any minute and he's gonna know about this!" I laughed directly in her face and saw myself out of there. He calls me twenty minutes later, I told him my side, he ended up staying with her and not really being pissed at me. Fast forward to now (almost ten years since we originally hooked up). In the past year she has contacted me, seemingly friendly. Until she starts asking questions like, "Do you think it could still work between us?" and other stupid, bat-shit crazy things like that. I respond the same way I always have for the past 9 years. "Nah, we are two different people, would've never worked." Today, I just moved from PA to NC the other day, somehow she caught wind and was all "Oh I'm gonna miss you I wish we could've been together, at least one last time before you move." HUNG UP immediately. 


So yea, that bitch is still crazy. 




 Have you seen her recently? I'll have sex with any female 46 yr old if they look as incredible as her. Also, Kate Upton would be up next, she's only 20. :) 




 Dammit, there goes my plans for the weekend. 




 Born, died, revived, got older, didn't become handicapped as expected. Experimented with a lot of drugs, still not handicapped, now I'm a network engineer. 




 Anyone? Sex. Definitely

Look out Jennifer Aniston. 




 I was walking to 7th grade math class when a commotion quickly swept the school, so fast that it seemed like the whole school found out and knew about this in between periods (about 7 minutes). I sat down and the teacher told us that it was now a study hall, and we all just watched the news in shock, and the rest of my classes for the duration of  the day all turned into study hall's while we just watched the news in every class. About halfway through the day, our principal came over the loudspeaker to announced exactly what happened, and that we will have the news on every TV in the building, so we can be up to date with such a brutal moment in our nations history. 




 :D 




 "and for JaMarcus Russell to continue to underperform."

Boy, they put that REALLY nicely. I still wake up in the middle of the night from that nightmare. 




 Raghib "The Rocket," Ismail 




 Trust me on this, nobody forgot about Nnamdi in Philly. The entire city hates him. 




 Shawn Alexander. Dude was an absolute monster...for a short while. 




 How does a misspelled title still get on the front page? Do we have no respect for ourselves anymore, Reddit??

PS- Sweet blanket 




 X was so sad that day.  




 It says HER so you win by default.  




 Play more video games. 




 Sounds good!  I'll take the upvote over your butthurt.  




 Shut up nigger. 




 Woooooooo 




 "Dad I'm gonna win a million dollars," then he hangs up on him. What a dick. 




 Well sit down and play some games! 




 The Sandlot. 

"Remember kid, there's heroes and there's legends. Heroes get remembered but legends never die, follow your heart kid, and you'll never go wrong." 




 edit- 

1. Sell the Mac

2. Build a PC 




 I don't feel so bad now. 




 There's no monsters under your bed. 




 Kelly Kapowski. 




 Upvote for upvoting my appreciation for an awesome car. 




 Solid list. Only thing I would add is SOCOM 




 Where does Whatsapp come in? I'm lost. 




 upvote for driving an FTO  




 Now you can upvote. :) 




 People are just so sensitive anymore. 




 Of all the places, I feel like I just read hagabadla, in way more words. 




 Am there currently. Not fun. 




 Hagabadla 




 Sounds like hagabadla would've been perfect here. 




 It's more of a hagabadla. 




 As a person who trained all of my dogs, I agree. You can have an upvote while I'm at it too.
 




 I also call bullshit. 20 minutes? Who are you trying to impress here OP? 




 Yes, and I will not read this now.  




