









 So happy you have someone there for you during the tough times. Bunnies are the best! 

Thank you for saving that little baby, and for seeking out information on how to properly care for her. 3  




 Really? That is so awesome!
 




 I second all this - and add that black bunnies can also be hard to adopt. 

Our post easter lop/lionhead intake isn't as obviously high - and they move out of the shelter quickly 




 If you can free up a weekend and house them together while hanging out and supervising I think that is the safest way to see if they are ready to live together. 

But first - what sneaky_dragon said.

We have one pair that was great right away and we moved them in together after about 3 weeks.

We have another we have been trying to bond for months and we still can't even leave them to play in the roaming area without us in the room.

It sounds like yours get along well - but cuddle with them for a while, let them play together some, and keep a close eye on them the first couple days/nights they are housed together.  




 The REW T-shirt campaign has ended! We beat our goal - finishing up with 40 shirts sold and $418 raised for REWs!!! Whether you bought a shirt or shared the link - Izzy and I thank you all who helped make our first Booster campaign such a huge success!

https://scontent-b-sjc.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-frc1/575288_225872154250575_156327903_n.jpg 




 Thank you thank you! I will be over there tonight :-/ 




 Every bit helps and the Rabbit Haven uses money very effectively from what I have seen. Thank you so much for your contribution and well wishes... this is definitely going to be a difficult situation to get under control. 3 




 hmm... maybe Booster hasn't tested on Chrome? I can ask them about that. 

Thank you so much for buying one and for trying to share - I usually just copy paste the link to the page - you might try that :) 




 My REW Contessa Isabella Button-nose (Izzy) helping me set up the campaign ;)

https://scontent-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn2/1391473_218198245017966_1974862070_n.jpg 




 We have four, and a bird. The cover photo for the page shows all our animals. 

Other than that we have Anushka, our foster. And we get to play with all sorts of bunnies at the shelter we volunteer at and the adoption shows we work with The Rabbit Haven. It's a bunderful life :) 




 What is the purple stuff in the litter? 




 Awesome! Thank you so much! All rabbits are wonderful but these guys need the extra helping hand.  




 https://www.facebook.com/BunnyMenagerie

I have a whole album of pics of her and a few of her sister (when they got a little older then started fighting and we had to find a different foster for her sister).  




 Only a little. Her sister is the sassy one. She is pretty sweet/docile. 

Elvira is a cutie! :) 




 This is her glamorshot https://scontent-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-frc1/944298_216373865200404_1213283964_n.jpg 




 You should tell your friend about Booster.com if she needs to raise funds for anything! 

BTW - our foster bun is a black lionhead half-lop. Even with all that cute, she still hasn't found a home. I believe in black bunny aversion :(
https://scontent-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-frc3/1476377_222044297966694_1047771619_n.jpg

 




 Your Barry is right! And damn cute! 

He wants to help his brethren. 




 If you are the one who just bought #35 - Thank YOU! REWs are difficult for us to take in as they are harder to move out to homes - and we are a foster based rescue, no actual facility. People tend to come in wanting lionheads and lops and dwarves. If they have any medical issues this compounds the problem as we have limited funds. With some money for the bunnies we can focus on finding the fosters and not fret about the cost for a few!

(Our fourth bunny is a REW and she is absolutely incredible - smart and sweet and so much fun.) 









 I meant to have her sit on a perch and hold it - but she was having none of it. If I knew she would be using the candy cane as a perch I would have got a bigger one!!!  




 Absolutely! Along with our rabbit pics: http://imgur.com/a/EEahq 




 Two of our 4 were a result of fostering! We have a foster now we have managed not to adopt - but it is so hard. I fall in love with every one of them! 



















 Where do you find tiny wings!!!? 




 Good luck! 

As far as the carpet living room - we put litter boxes in the problem areas. We also block off some areas with an extra x-pen. (You can get them online at amazon for just $35-$40).

Also, depending on what kind of pen you are using - we use a fitted sheet on the xpen of our foster bunny. We put a nice big blanket down, then we just put the pen inside the sheet and pull the elastic edges up the sides of the pen and spread it out. I imagine if you put down blankets, then the shower curtain liner, then did this with a fitted sheet and pen - maybe even using binder clips to clip the sheet to the pen so that they can't pull it off - you could probably keep them from being able to move it. They could still eat through the whole pile if they wanted - but hopefully they wouldn't!
Here is a picture of the sheet setup: https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=214026748768449 set=pb.186692944835163.-2207520000.1383324903. type=3 theater

RE litter- You are correct. Aspen is a hard wood and is fine to use. Pine and cedar on the other hand are the problematic ones. Details here:
http://www.rabbit.org/care/shavings.html
Carefresh is fine as well! :) 




 I would say - new skin for the one with the red scabbies. Then the A D ointment daily on both buns feet (you can get it cheap at any drug store) since they are prone (the weight of the Cali and the fur type of the rex) - wait until you aren't using the new skin to put it on that bun. 

One thing you could try is to soften their ground - put down a bunch of thick blankets so it is cushiony. Then cover it with a shower curtain liner and do a single sheet on top. You may have to wash the sheet, but at least you wouldn't have to wash the pile of blankets, and you would have the squishy surface that helps prevent sore hocks in the first place. 

As far as litter selections - we used Critter Country to start and now use wood pellets. Yesterdays News is another type of bedding made from recycled paper that you might try. Wood shavings are actually not a safe litter for rabbits (despite being sold for them) because of the phenols in the wood. Basically it is toxic fumes that over time cause liver problems in small animals. 

As far as getting him to quit peeing everywhere - keep it clean, use vinegar to get rid of the ammonia scent, and basically don't let him think it is a litterbox. Our rabbits peed most when they were fairly new to each other - they calmed it down a lot the more comfortable they got with each other. Did the peeing start only after changing the litter? Or had it already been a problem?

Also, when I have had problems with lots of peeing, I just put several litter boxes in the pen. That way there was not a lot of space to pee on towels etc., but it was reinforcing the use of the box. Pay attention to if there is a specific spot he wants to pee as well, you can always stick an extra box there.

Good luck! 




 I LOVE the bag! Gorgeous work! 




 This is the advice I give to people when I cut their bunnies nails:

What Are Sore Hocks?
If you take a close look at the heels of an adult rabbit, you will usually find a small, bare, pale pink callused area right at the tip of the heel, covered by a fold of fur. This is normal. Sore hocks are different - red and inflamed rather than the pale pink callused area. They may weep or become infected. In very severe, untreated cases, the tendons that run over the hock may move out of position, crippling the rabbit. The usual site of trouble is at the tip of the heel, but severe cases may involve any or all of the weight-bearing part of the back and front feet. 
There are many predisposing factors: Poor hygiene and damp bedding, Rex coat, long nails, obesity, immobility, unsuitable flooring, large breeds, excessive thumping. Even well cared for house rabbits can get sore hocks. 

Causes
In the wild a rabbit spends its time moving about on grass and earth. These surfaces are compliant and allow for the healthiest use of the rabbits feet. They allow the toe nails to sink into the ground, encouraging the whole bottom of the foot to contact the ground and hence reducing the pressure on the foot. In contrast, hard flooring means that the rabbits toenails cant sink in. It doesnt make any difference whether the flooring is carpet, wood, vinyl, or plastic. All give the same result; the toe nails cant sink in, the front part of the foot is lifted off the ground, and the majority of the weight is thrown onto the hocks, causing problems rather like a pressure sore. If the rabbit is heavy, or obese, the pressure on the hock is greater and problems are more likely to arise. Conversely, an immobile rabbit wont be hopping about in order to relieve the pressure on the hock area. If the surface upon which bunny spends most time is abrasive (e.g. carpet) this can contribute to sore hocks as well. 

Treatment 

The first step is to trim the nails as short as possible without damaging the quick. 

Next, look at the surface the rabbit spends most time on. The perfect flooring is a compliant surface, where the toe nails can sink in, allowing the foot to function more as nature intended. This should be provided where the rabbit spends most of its time. Layers of fleece can provide a good flooring. 

Carpet is abrasive, some bunnies develop friction burns on back and front feet from leaping about on synthetic carpets. 

If the rabbit is too fat examine the diet for changes. 

Any rabbit kept in damp conditions or outdoors or in a hutch must be brought in.

The hock itself can be treated with the following products: SSD 1% Cream or A   D Ointment 

New-Skin can be highly effective treatment for sore hocks. It provides extra cushion to take weight off the hock, and protects the inflamed area, allowing it to heal. Just place some on the affected area and hold your bunny until it dries. Each treatment will last several days. 
With a severe case of sore hocks take your rabbit to see the vet for a thorough health check as well as treatment of the actual sore hock. Sometimes systemic antibiotics are required as well as pain medication and possibly bandaging. 

Prevention 
Keep those nails trimmed, provide good flooring and dont let your bun get fat.
 




