




 Going on the down escalator... 
and spiders.
and bugs that fly. 




 First thing I noticed were your nails. They look so perfect and perfect.  




 During my Freshmen year in dorms, I thought it'd be cool to request roommates with this one girl I barely knew but we had a lot in common right? Worst mistake of my life. 

She always had her boyfriend over, but they never had sex together, only slept together in bed. Since she was over religious, they never cuddled. It was always awkward when he was in there. You could cut the awkward tension with a knife...

She also liked to have the door open as I slept, bring people over as I slept, and play the guitar as I slept. 

She brought friends over at 3 AM and they stayed til 7 AM when I had class at 9 AM. 

I was sick my first semester and she got me sick the second semester, and it made me snore, but only rarely. She would constantly complain about it to other hall mates making it seem like I did it all night. 

I admit to being a messy person, but I always contained my mess to being a small amount of mess, but she was self-diagnosed with OCD and could not handle it, thus she continued to talk about me behind my back. 

I was too nice to say "Please stop, you're being a b-".  




 I'm so jealous that I think I hate you. :( I've been trying to get my Filly to S Rank for so long.... 




 It was Berkeley. [it all makes sense now!!!] -Someone from Oakland.  




 I got Chosen Master Yi after the Pulsefire Ez, so I kinda just rage quit. I promised myself to never have a single Yi skin. D: I miss AP Yi... 




 I always surprise him with mystery gifts... he then complains about having to main that champ. D: But he still takes them, then tries to pay me back... in love. 

My wallet is empty because mystery giftssssss so purdyyyy. Like, what if I gift someone SGU!? I know I got myself Pulsefire when I gifted myself.  




 He doesn't even like me giving him mystery gifts unless he can give me one too :( 

Mystery gifting is too addicting... I have books I should buy, or skins I can get people... 




