 I love how Ben dropped his character but kept the voice when he told that story.  




 The subreddit was full of hatred for the show but also for others. Everyone kept giving out about people who were being positive about the show, but they didn't really exist. The subreddit spent most of it's time just discussing itself (much like this weeks Community) but in a bad way.  




 You catch more of the jokes but the feeling of "jumping out of your seat and clapping your hands while you giggle" only happens during the first watch for me.  




 Our lowest time was before you joined. This Subreddit during season 4 was a genuinely vile place. 




 That's my first thought when I see this as well. They all look well into their 20's.  




 You should. There are a bunch of these on YouTube but this is the earliest I could find.  




 It could very well be. But since the CBB episode was recorded a few weeks back it seems like too much of a coincidence they released this video today.  




 You should at least skim it. The moment when it's just his legs is hilarious.  









 1. Happy late-Birthday.
2. Try doing driving related things and see if it hurts.
3. If it does, you should probably cancel. The driving instructor won't mind. The decision will mostly only affect you so do what is best for you.
4. If it doesn't hurt GO PASS THAT TEST EYELIKEPIE2!! 




 We need to get a post high on /r/teenagers. It should be easier since Sunny is a mod there ... but I don't know if he still comes here. 




 I knew that though. 









 I was going to post this to /r/woahdude but I figured it might be too much noise and stuff. 




 That would be a very tough one to do. Not really any long shots to use, he'd have to just be in the background.  




 I'd buy an album of just remixes of the video. 




 Thanks. Someone with a stronger computer could do a version of this with all 30 Shia's at once though. That would be amazing. 




 That should be the name. If someone does a better version of this they should name it that. 




 I tried to match the pauses together at certain spots but I think that's the only noticeable one.  




 Wait Paul F. Tompkins isn't playing ball droid? 









 At least she hasn't given 36 blowjobs. 




 That video was hilarious. I can't wait to hear the scene they do of it and the return of Eric! 




  Wasn't series 2 delayed because of the episode with all the shooting in an Americian high school? 




 Have you seen Danger 5? It's very similar to Kung Fury. 




 That's my second favourite one. The one where he keeps saying SnapLegs is my personal favourite. 




 A network is basically the company inbetween you and youtube. They call themselves networks but I don't know if they fit the definition of one. 









 Nope most Youtubers join a network when they're big enough. Especially gaming youtubers, since the network can protect them from video game company's. 




 Whoever told you a million views is a grand was way off. 









 Does this mean Nathan For You isn't back this Summer? 














 As somebody who doesn't anything about WOW or MMO culture I am very familiar with Leeroty Jenkins. It's not a very unknown thing. 




 The teenager character is so good because he's playing a character of himself playing a character.  




 He also has a very important cameo at the end of "Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie." 




 No I'm sure that's it. The flower scene in the trailer rings familiar. It's just that the memory has been in head for so long it's changed a lot over the years. 

That's not an actual link to the film by the way. As far as I can tell it's not streaming anywhere online.  




 Yep, you're just a "grower not a shower" as they say.  




 You used the same link for Yo La Tengo and Once In A While. 




 I guess this must be it. I think I morphed the movie so much in my head though that watching the trailer isn't making me feel like I found it.

 




 Nope it wasn't animated. Live action. 




 Here is the very random plot points I remember.
-The main characters sister was part of the club
-The main character's crush may have been a princess but to prove it they had to prove a series of conditions one of which was that she was allergic to flowers. There was a dinner scene where the main character distracted the girl while the rest of the group tried to figure out if the girl was allergic.
-I believe in the end it turned out the sister was the princess. 
-At one point the clubhouse was split directly in two.

If anyone could help I would greatly appreciate it. I've been trying to find the name of this movie for the past 10 years.

I should also mention I watched it on the UK Nickleodeon and while I'm sure it wasn't british it could have been made anywhere else.  




 I'll play it. 




 It was doing alright upvotes wise and then it all went downhill. My 15 seconds are over goodnight guitarknowitall 




 But carpe diem. 




 This happens to me twice or three times a day. 




