 We have to use the damn red ones with ovals. But I make circles anyways. 




 Good luck getting a scantron on an Algebra 2 test. No where to show your work. 




 So there is no HB #3 pencil?  




 Ultimate. I don't *really* know what I'm doing so I just stand in our goal and wait til my team throws it at me. Then I catch it. 
Thanks~ I really surprised myself with it! 




 I was thinking (instead of catching frisbees) about support. From others. I started to relate it to a bed of nails. Have you ever laid on one? It's painless (unless your hair gets caught!). Why? Because there are so many nails to rely on. Think of your supports, whether drawing, or a friend, or a sibling, destroying bubblewrap, painting, whatever those supports are that stop you from self harming at that moment, as the nails in the nail bed. It REALLY hurts to lay on just one nail alone, and if the bed of nails is just in the sky, you will fall without support. The more you have, the better and easier it is. I'm getting somewhere with this. And where I'm going is, find something. Some type of support for yourself. You can talk to someone, draw, sing, listen to music, or do something silly like wear as many shoes as possible then make noises, it doesn't matter! If it stops you from hurting yourself or others, do it! I'd like to find someone who went to the ER for drawing their cat as the Mona Lisa. 

* **TL;DR:** The more nails (supports) you have, the less it hurts.  




 1: I think they wear clothes underneath them, like a skirt or pants and a dress shirt. 
2: I've always thought they open in front, but then again it's right and left with robes and cloaks with me. 
3: I think the plain robes are a requirement for first years, as your crest and colors get added once you're sorted. 
4: Maybe the hoods attach? I think it might be the cloaks that have a hood.  




 I actually agree with this a ton. Harry was quite the asshole in the last book. Ron and Hermione were *constantly* trying to help and instead of contributing to the suggestions they gave him, he decided to do what he wanted and argued with them about why they were wrong. We get it Harry, you have no family. No need to start all of the angst so soon. Leave it in the fanfiction please. 




 I spent the past 15 or so trying to click on it.  




 Today I realized I missed the signups for ALL of the secret santas! 




 Other than that I've spent the past fifteen minutes trying to catch the snitch, I actually ended up seeing Dumbledore in a new light going for round two of the books. I was completely with Snape when he said Dumbledore had practically raised Harry like a pig for slaughter. I don't know if I didn't see it the first time because of all of that Dumbledore sparkle or what, but it took a second reading of the whole series and some movie watching to see how that worked. 









 This is an exquisite list. Shall definitely use some of these! 




 If the people that email your kids get an email notification that you receive a copy of the messages, she could have been fully aware of this, and secretly seeking adult help. Going incognito like this is one of the easier and quieter ways of screaming for help.  




 He's a bit of an ass about it, but for some people, the guilt trip works. If a celebrity went and made a video like this, the world would be all over it. Some people have a tough form of caring, and I think this guy has that. But it doesn't work to 'just stop'. Just stop smoking. Hell, just stop breathing. Forever. Not that easy, is it? 




 Thanks; I try not to listen to him. He's never been one to 'understand' what's going on with his kids until it directly affects him, and even then it's  more understanding that things aren't happy for him.  




 Craft stores. Dat smell.  




 Snape was an asshat to Harry because he was an asshat to everybody. It would be odd if suddenly Snape bowed down to the Gryffindor King. Snape's character is just pretty damn bitter towards life I guess, and I can see why. 




 I got it for free more as a "if I like this shit I'll buy the game" type of thing. I don't want to spend $25 on a game I don't like or  is only mildly interesting. I'm too lazy to print it too. 




 That's my plan. 




 I've been told that by my dad when I tried to tell my parents I was depressed. All I got out of it was that I was a 'self centered attention seeking fuck'. It definitely doesn't help the situation.  




 A blood bomb is when you period decides to do a surprise attack and BAM. Red hurricane. 




 Personally, I don't like how everything that was easily accessible in the sidebar previously is now moved to an almost hidden location. 




 I'll give them a try! I've been trying to read more than just posts on the internet anyways~
 




 It is well written, I just can't get into it; it's not my genre. I prefer science-fiction and action. 




 18-20. This won't be a fun night. 




 Study for a math test, a TON of worksheets, 3 chapters of To Kill A Mockingbird, a worksheet on Stalin, and a lab report. Yay. On the bright side, I've still got twelve hours or so.  




 I've started studying and ended up drawing all over a page of my textbook-luckily it was in pencil.  




 This was wonderful. I may not be able to relate to the bloody chair, but blood bombs, most definitely. And the worst is when they happen on the ONE day you don't wear a liner.  




 Only protection I have is Atheism. But all these religious people in my house are going to screw me over some how.  




 My bathroom has one on every wall. So in order to turn on the light you see at least 3. Fuck.
 




 Now...how in the hell do I tell more people than there are in r/nosleep?
GONEWILD. 




 Davey. Wavey. He is an expert in all things gay-yes. Eyes is the best way. OOR you could stalk them. I find that a fun method~ 




 I had a [horrible] friend that was homeschooled. She entered public school in 7th grade. Bad move. Her social skills were HORRIBLE. As in, she had her own cell phone, but left it at home (which was across the street from school) so she would use one of our cell phones. I'm fine letting my friends use my phone if their's is dead, they don't have one, or they forgot it that day. But she does it intentionally. She also had a bad habit of being...stuck up? Nosy? Acted like she was better and knew more because she skipped a grade. Not to mention, all of the times I have invited her over, she never slept over. Once she had a mattress to herself, a lamp on, all the pillows and blankets necessary, and then insisted on turning a fan on (in October!). Two of us were already sharing a mattress and one was on a pile of blankets, so we were ticked. Then she left at about 11 to which we were all happy. Sorry if this seemed more like a rant, and I could go on, but from my experiences, many of the homeschool (even private school) students I've met have not been pleasant. I have met a total of one homeschool student that was nice, but she also has been in sports, therefore, interacting. 




 4. Feelin awesome. This test knows what it's doing. 




 I actually have a black one of these. It's fun to walk around town with my phone stuffed in my pocket and talking on this.  









 Emma changed the most. 




 Slamming it shut is another great solution. 




 I believe it! I'm not grossed out easily, but sometimes the smell of what we're working with is just horrid.  




 My sister announces her shit status to her boyfriend rather openly. They have been together for well over a year so I think things are going well.  




 I don't know if it's the brush or what, but the last one looks awesome. Glad you found a good outlet! 




 The hour before lunch is always the longest. And I have Biology before lunch, so if we do a particularly gross lab that day, appetite gone until *right* after lunch. 




 GRELL! Would not have minded for a second had Grell sat on me~ 




 [This](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fS1uDnIPTvo) Is always fucking hilarious. 




 I don't recite the Pledge. I can't remember the last time I did. I don't like pledging my 'allegiance' to a country that I'll probably end up moving out of when I'm older. When we analyzed the Pledge in US History, I realized that it's a bit odd to be having kindergartners learning that.  




 Thank you~ 




 Thanks~! I do love Transformers~ 




 I like the new logo...wish I'd hovered over it earlier! 




 What I love about it is thinking of what you could do in a Cyberpunk society. It's so much more fun.  




 No problem~! I can't keep these awesome pictures to myself when I find them! 




 The download button on DA gives the highest resolution available.  




 What is the point of going to one of these events? 









 I'm in high school taking Principles of Engineering (Project Lead The Way) and the big semester project that we're doing is an interview of an engineer in the field. I don't know any engineers personally, so if anyone is willing to help, that would be awesome! There aren't too many questions, just about engineering. All of them are on the sheet (pictures). Anyone who volunteers, no personal information will be shared (except my teacher of course)!
[Side 1 of question sheet](http://imgur.com/RAwXx)
[Side 2 of question sheet](http://imgur.com/BCyjl) 














 My school has a GSA, and I know a few LGBTeens, but they're friends so it's a bit lonely for me too. Just gonna have to wait things out! (Too bad we can't start our own LGBT colony!) 




 Okay, thanks! 




 How does this 'everything free' work? I don't see anything about it on the site. Am I lost? 




 What if the straps were to snap? 




 Grazie! 




 Know what else is weird? Bible fanfiction. I'm not so much shocked that it exists as that there's so much of it... 




 You're not alone. I might be a bit more skilled if it actually snowed soon... 




 I think I'll just stick to bitching at people with words...to stay on the safe side. 




 Thanks! And I'm good with any gender~ 




 Thanks~! 









 And people say Reddit is a waste of time.. 




 I'm American and didn't realize how much I loved Twinkies until I had a meltdown at in the store at the empty shelf with the announcement taped on.  




 Sup. 









 I've been sick with that cold/flu mutant too, and I know those feels. But I've been at home...thank you for brightening my day though~ 




 If this has turned into a game, then yes. I am in as well. 




 I remember watching the first movie with fascination with my mom. My friend and I went to the theater to watch the last one and it took every atom in my body not to let the feels out.  




 Oh...SuFin is so sweet! It's good to know I'm not the only Hetalian here! And this comic is awesome even to people who don't know anything about Hetalia...has an awesome message.  




 That's okay. I accidentally smacked my friend's kitten in the face. I tend to talk with my hands a bit. It cuddled in forgiveness though~
 




 You copied and pasted every single one? Thank you for saving me (and the rest of us) the time and frustration. Too bad they went so fast though.  




 I love this theory...but sadly, it cannot be.  




 You sir, deserve a trophy. 




 XD Hitler vagina! I can sadly relate to a TON of these. As do most females. Now we get to see how many admit it. This is what happens when women get their own thread... 




 I keep  HUGE supply of tampons and liners in my backpack and sometimes a random girl (or one I hate) will ask me for one in the locker room. I've got plenty to share and I know that feel.  




 I thought of that position too.. 














 Ching Chime-Serj Tankian 




 You may want to block your name out of the corner.  




 A local Sendiks. They were going on about Leroy Butler burgers and such for the year anniversary.  




 Yes, they are quite good burgers. But I was still shocked that she stood in line for an hour when she could have made them probably better in less time. I then realized just how American my parents were when my dad proceeded to explain how they're related to football. 




 The only thing I can think of when I hear Special K is Disco Bloodbath.  




