 Ez Tron skins Ez life 




 If you dislike the map looks, point out your opinion below on why.
 




 I'll check it out. 




 No. D: 




 I'll do an open playtesting on Mapcore, check that website out for all the cool mapping stuff. 




 I used it as a refference for inspiration, it's not totally a rip-off. The actual place is real and it exists in UAE. Most of structures in screenshots are based on refference photos i found on Google. I'm unsure about posting links in comments on this website, so if you'd like to see the photos PM me.

Moving on, I'm not sure whether people hate or like the maps looks. I can scrap the map anytime and make another generic facility/cache style one.  




 Ez Tron skins Ez life 









 The tower doesn't make sense. I'd rather make it into some old ruined temple or something.

It's very nice for the first map though! 




 I'm just joking. No need to hype up. 




 De_OpticGamingCOD 




 volvo pls. 




 Since I don't know the guy i can't blame, but clips don't make you a pro. Just like my friends thought I'm Global Elite cause i got a few lucky wallbangs and uploaded them. 




 Okay, I hate to be nit-picky about the map design over-all but here's a few pointers and suggestions.

* The overview is bad, you need to highlight parts which you can access and which you cannot, Bombsites and Spawns.

* Map lacks clipping, players can get out of bounds pretty easily.

* Try to make arches round instead of "triangle-ey" looking.

* Players hate dust and fog.

* Use info_particle_system for dust instead of func_dustcloud. it looks way better and is less intrusive. 

* Each choke-point should provide a decent amount of cover with pros and cons. You might get to a good spot but CTs would still be able to counter you. Kinda like Rock - Paper - Scissors.

* You can find entities in Hammer (Related to your note about fog)

Anyways, I hope to see it improved. Nonetheless , good work.
 




 It works if you defeat the De_Dust2 boss. Didn't you know!? 




 Rekt. 




 IMO it will be too OP, IMO having 24 hits in the head should be a kill so people don't over use it IMO. 









 Just a note, it seems like compressing the video caused some weird motion blur. Demo wasn't the greatest too, sorry for inconvenience. 









 It gets WORSE. Only during Gold Nova 1-4 




 Dudududududududududududu 




 I'm playing over Wi-Fi but i have fairly decent ping. 




 Yeh! Let's go back to 1.6 then! 




 Oh no! I see a dust mote in the air! VOLVO FIX PLS. 




 That's one of the perks of having a knife. GabeN thought it all along. 




 It also depends if they wan't to showcase the new engine. If yes, they'd update the models/textures a bit i guess. 




 Everything is done in real-time. The Hammer will no longer need to compile/bake lighting and rendering. tl;dr - No compiling. :P 




 It's basically the same except you can edit in 3D grid and no more compiling, hordes of new stuff.
I am sure you will be able to set up workspace like in previous Hammer versions. 




 Download the new developer tools to see for yourself. The tool is completely different from World-craft style Hammer we seen before.

Where did i get this info? Open up and take a look.
Lighting and rendering ARE real-time. 




 Actually, new engines are meant to be more efficient. If it was only a graphical update we would still be running on Source 1, Valve has said themselves that they wanted their engine to be more efficient and easy to use.

For example, the rendering in Source 2 is dynamically calculated unlike previous Source, which is both easier for developers and more efficient if done properly.


And if all else fails you will always have graphical settings.
You would have to have a really ancient PC not to be able to run CS:GO on lowest of lowest settings.



Here's the list that new Source engine has that we, map makers would love to see -
 Lighting is dynamic/real-time. No more need of 24 hours of compile or shit tons of optimization.
 Same goes for rendering. No more hint brushes.
 New materials system - 5 way-blend instead of default 2 on displacements.
 Displacements can have way more splits on the fly now. Way more flexible.
 Real-time cubemaps

This would be a godsend for map makers.

 




 Is it possible to somehow set it up for use in Source 1 games? I'm just wondering. 




 Source 2 is comming... And it's gonna strike hard.



"Get ready boys, we're going in." 




 Players could have an option to disable Directx11 effects? 




 Not only would that RADICALLY increase graphics and performance, it would also make it easier for server owners and developers/mappers.
DO IT VALVE! 




 Blessed GabeN granted you the power of partial- Wallhack.
Use it wisely, you don't wan't Overwatch to reck you. 




 Dualies? What drugs are you on? 




 Ok. 




 Ok. 




 Ok. 




 Have you ever heard a term called "Yoloqueue"? Stop complaining and go premade. Ez. 




 Sup Crashz! Mapcore FTW. 




 Like, this subreddit. Do you know what this subreddit is for?
I would suggest trying to contact the owner of those servers, neither CS:GO devs or players are officially in any relation to Freebieservers. 




 CS:GO, remember? 




 Fuc* you m8. 




 A human brain has a part responsible for emotional attachment to inanimate objects caused by common brain activity disorder called.. Just kidding, I don't know shit. I just love Source engine physics when the pots fall and break. 




 The bolt animations after shot were so much faster, in result you had "almost" an auto-sniper with sick accuracy. 




 Ok. 




 Yet again your saying "bugged out". That's funny. 




 Carn? Source?
It doesn't show nicks.

It is said so in the overwatch FAQ. Duuh.

 




 "Steam bugged out" - There is a bug or there is no bug, shit like "bugged out"  is your own fault. I doubt steam support would be able to help with that. 




 The players on Nova ranks are even more toxic than Silvers. (Silvers are atleast genuinelly bad) 




 You do not need to make new threads everytime steam goes down!  We get 100 of those! 




 Go check out TopHattwaffle (If i spelled correctly?) and 3kliksphilip. They have a lot of great tutorials. It's worth it if you do it right. 




 You cannot overwatch higher rank players. 




 It's a pain in the ass to recompile official maps but I'll make it. It would be called de_dust2x2 just like in 1.6 i assume. 




 You sir, should switch to COD. Maps should never give unfair advantage for those who simply find these cheap spots. Even Valve's Aztec has solid bushes. I don't know if the map maker is weirdo or you just made it up. 




 At Silver rank if you know your shit you can basically one tap enemies. Try to rely less on teammates carrying you and more on self improvement. 




 Legend says that if you scream on MIC with mid-puberty teenager voice during warmup or half-time the Juan Deag ghost will grant you confidence and insane deagle skills. Use that wisely, you don't wanna face Juan Deag in the opposition ever. 




 rekt. 




 Unfortunately, I'm still working on It's fresh new layout, as it proves to be suuuuper imbalanced on CS:GO.
If you would like to play the original layout, the map has already been remade by someone and posted on the Workshop.

Also, I would like to mention that Torn is my side project, as I am not the original author of the map and it's mainly a fan remake. Don't get me wrong, please, as much as I love it i would like to make a map that is solely crafted by my own to put it at my portfolio, as i don't have any reputation so far in the map making community. 




 Thank you! Means a lot to me! :) 




 Thank you, I'll be updating the album as i progress!
Since everything you saw in the screenshot was made over-night, with that rate of making I'll hopefully be able to finish the map in about a few weeks or so.
My main concern is that I don't have any "fans" of my map to show them something to, as i never released any versions of the map anywhere. I'm mainly focused on showing how MUCH a single person can improve on level design! :)
 









 It's pretty retarded to see cheaters at that rank. 




 Players play with low graphics mainly due to visibility. Previously, if you had graphics on high you had a smudge on AWP scope. They patched it recently. Remember, it's about gameplay. 




 My hearts beatin! My hands are shaking! But I'm still shooting! Boom Headshot! Boom headshot! BOOM HEADSHOT!!! 




 I didn't see frags in the video due to the over-use of screen shake. 




 Wait.. Did you use decals/overlays to make snow...? There's paint alpha for blend textures....! 




 By using physboxes and vscript, with some advanced modelling this is totally possible! 




