 Heard of you guys before, where can I read more information? I want to challenge myself to stop masturbating. 




 I'm No Superman - Scrubs theme tune 




 Blackpool *shudders* 




 Recently my SO's sex drive has rock bottomed, and unfortunately mine has been as high as ever, so I do occasionally do it while she's asleep (I'm a guy) and make sure not to wake her (the long slow build up is quite amazing when you finally reach climax).

Awake-wise, when I want to jerk off with her there it usually takes a lot of persuasion, as she says "it's weird" for her to be there, even though I get off on her watching (or kissing me while I do it). So yeah, most of the time I have to find alone time by myself. 




 So what does define a planet as opposed to a large comet or similar? I mean, I can think of several things that may contribute, but then I can also think of things that would be contrary to those.

Secondary bonus question- how small can a planet be whilst still being a planet (if size is a defining planet factor)? 




 Pretty much Brisbane to Townsville. 




 I know you're unsure of specifics, but if you could find and link me I'd be very appreciative! 




 Looking for a fossicking tour/experience in Queensland around the coast, with the opportunity to find gold/opals/sapphires/any precious stones or pretty minerals (like amethyst).

Thanks! 




 Looking for opals/gold/sapphires, any precious gems basically (though pretty minerals like the amethyst rocks are also welcome). 




 The time I felt loneliest? After I'd broken up with my girlfriend of almost 7 years - I went walking around a local park for pretty much an entire day on my own (just because it was the right thing to do didn't make it hard or painful to do!).

The loneliest thing I've ever done is go drinking alone. It's not the greatest past time. 




 That's crap! The safari zone was ALL ABOUT the bait/rock ratio and a heap of luck!

They have to bring it back for the next generation! Let's start a petition! They have to listen! *marches out of the door* 




 I remember watching the annual UK space show with Prof. Brian Cox (Stargazing Live) and seeing the director of this project with one cell of this mirror...I'm so excited to see the resulting images we can pull, let alone the actual scientific discoveries.

Just think all we've managed with Hubble! 




 Oh? Like how? 




 What happened to these in the most recent generations? Why weren't they included?  I missed them in Black/White 




 So the Sydney weather forecast for Sunday is bright blue skies and 34 degrees, so the plan is to head for Manly beach.

Last time I went, I got severely burnt, but want to build up some tan, so my question is, what's the best method?

I've got factor 50 on hand for protection, but ideally want to know how long I should spend in the sun before turning over/applying more sun cream, and how long I can spend in the water before needing to reapply it (it says water resistant)? 




 Has anyone ever had one appear? I know it doesn't count for extra points, but I'm just curious! 




 Three questions; what's the evolutionary benefit to laughter?

Why does it sometimes feel like it is uncontrollable?

And finally, why does the uncontrollable laughter feel like it originates from your stomach/diaphragm area? 




 Damn! lol 




 Anaconda by Niki Minaj...that video is ridiculous. 




 Like X and Y have been out since Nov '13, and they're still 59.95AUD over here- how long until they lower in price for the new cartridge? 




 I'm not sexist based on the forms/colours of the pokemon- I just always want a balanced team of three male and three female. 









 I am, loving travelling and loving spending quality time with her away from the aforementioned pressures! 




 I like this post for the sheer ego of it. 




 Hence the qualifying statement "like if you bought an island already" 




 Like if you bought an island off the coast of Australia or similar, what process would you have to go through to ceed from the Australian Government? 




 -coordination
-balance
-accuracy
-attention to detail
-problem solving
-team work 




 There's a lot! In a nut shell...

Basically my first real relationship started when we were both 14, and lasted for nearly 7 years. During that time we lost our virginity to each other, and after a few years I grew up and she didn't. I deluded myself for four years or so, cheated a lot and hated myself for it, and finally realised I was unhappy with her when I bumped into an old friend. Broke up with her (which was extremely difficult and painful - just because I didn't love her didn't mean I didn't care), and moved away to go to uni.

Met that same self old friend from above at uni and started going out with her. We moved in together for my second and third years, and towards the end of my second year decided to travel to Australia together when I finished.

This meant living frugally and staying with my mum and step-dad to save money, who are very messy and dysfunctional themselves (he doesn't help around the house at all, my little brother is a shit a lot of the time because of their lack of discipline with him) and took most of their arguments/frustrations out on us (not aggressively, just passively). Due in part to this and having to live frugally we grew apart a little, or at least settled into a rut.

Fast forward to a month before we are due to leave, and I find messages on her phone to another guy arranging a meet up at a hotel room with him. She promised that she'd not talk to him again, and less than a week later I found out she had an was STILL planning it.

I basically plummeted health-wise from the stress and worry, and lost all appetite - couldn't manage more than a tiny meal a day, and begged her repeatedly not to do this to us, and she didn't in the end, and cut all ties.

Fast forward to now, and we're in Australia, away from the stuff that intruded in our life in the first place, and I'm a lot happier but still very paranoid/worried about what will happen when we get back to real life and the stresses involved with getting jobs and somewhere to live etc.


Phew. Told you it was long. 




 I'd love to talk about my old relationship, my current relationship and the relationship between them. 




 Told a girl I loved them. 




 *there (because grammar is important) 




 I'd argue that, much like the moon missions, interstellar travel would teach us a lot more by just giving it a go then just spending years and billions experimenting and researching.

Build a giant colony ship, gather a few thousand volunteers and a few hundred soldiers to police and guard everyone, and go go gadget long-ass-journey!! 




 Run your ass off yo! 




 I wouldn't. It means a lot to me. 




 I believe that there is SOMETHING more than us, not necessarily an old guy who controls everything and a heaven/hell, but at least some kind of alien being that is more in another dimension/plane of reality than this one (if in this one at all). 




 I think that the body decays, the spirit however I have no idea about. I can honestly say though that I'm not scared of dying- I'm scared of the pain that could occur the moments leading up to death, but I'm genuinely interested to know where my consciousness will go (if it goes anywhere) afterwards. 




 *recollection (because spelling IS serious) 




 Either flea-powerful jumping or gecko-grip, I'd love to run up walls.

Hell, make me spider-man!! 




 I'd go with both (this is with no research at all by the way). Cancer is a mutation, so it's natural that the longer we exist the more mutations that will happen, and diagnoses have gotten more accurate. 




 "I'm fine"

And

"I don't mean to insult you but..." 




 Someone beat me to the Christianity ribbing, so I'll go with the fact that we never went to the moon. 




 We saw a lot of these in Sydney at New Years- they're so that people can get more background/friends into the picture with them. 




