 It will be totally different from the Superman we have watched. I think it may be funny when I see Nic Cage playing the Superman in the screen.  




 It depends on whether I would like to cry out or I want myself to cheer up. If I want to cry out to release my sorrow, I may choose a sad story or something that will move me. If I would like to cheer up, i would choose the Pursuit of Happiness or Forrest Gump.  




 What do you mean? You mean the life in the movie is not our real life? Yes, robot is not so popular in our life now but we are doing so many researches to develop new products like the robot. So maybe the life in the movie will one day become our real life.  









 Shaun is now very famous. Not only the kids like him, but also some adults. I love him,too. Because he looks very cute.  




 Many people like the series and i think the sheep is cute, too. Charles Chaplin's Modern Times also has few words but it was a great success. So I think the sheep doesn't speak won't be a problem.  




 That will be great!!waiting for you to share more interesting things on your way to different places with us and good luck! 




 Your parents were born there but they immigrated to the USA? So will you choose to move to there one day with your parents? Will your parents allow you to do so? Or you will just spend time to travel and live there for a short period of time?  




 You might have your ideal place to live in and there may be one country that fits your requirement. share it with us.  




 The innocent people will soon get into trouble themselves because they are living in the society.  




 Oh yes! This is exactly me. But you have to make something to eat first and take a shower. Then, you can go to bed with the awareness that  you have to get up early next morning. It's a sad story.  




 As an adult, I think I should know how to deal with different complicated situations. But, I'm afraid that I'm still relying on others' suggestions to help me.  




 yeah! I noticed them. besides, the left side has some faces, too.  




 I really love the natural thinks and the photo with trees, clouds and lakes in it. This photo is amazing!! 




 Amazing!!i love natural things and the photo took with trees, clouds and lakes! I love this!! 




