
























































































































































































 From the article:
Libor, which is set daily in London by 18 of the worlds largest banks, and has far-ranging influences, affecting the rates of mortgages, student loans and credit cards. 

Three of those banks are American.
[The American banks included in the panel surveyed by the BBA for U.S. dollar fixing are:
The Bank of America, JP Morgan Chase, Citibank, NA](http://www.americablog.com/2012/07/list-of-libor-banks-involved-in-setting.html)

So the Fed has partial control and even greater influence. 
































































 That doesn't strike me as any kind of protection.  By that criterion, we're all protected from any abuse since we can leave and live in another country.  You probably mean something other than that, right? 


































 I made the original post and took the headline directly from the article. You might try to RTFA. 
































































 The astute observer will already note the profound irony here - a political group whose ideology elevates the individual over the group (Conservatives) has managed to cultivate more group cohesion than the political group whose ideology blends community well-being with that of the individual.  



















 This is about an affecting experiment in teaching.  
To enter the public world, to practice the political life, the poor had first to learn to reflect. That was what she meant by the moral life of downtown. 




 This is about an affecting experiment in teaching.  
To enter the public world, to practice the political life, the poor had first to learn to reflect. That was what she meant by the moral life of downtown. 












































 TL;DW? Here's [a 1 minute 29 second version](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uiwsP9RnbZA) . Too brief? His PhD thesis is at http://www.physics.usyd.edu.au/super/theses/PhD(Muller).pdf. 





























 Huh?  What's the most critically wrong part of that article? 
























 There is indeed much that is tragic in our country.  But you paint with too broad a brush.  I'm one American who doesn't fit your portrait and I know many others. 

























































































 Maybe they can't help it. 



































































































 From the article:
...we're extending the number of years that we spend needing nursing. We've gotten good at keeping people alive once they're fairly decrepit. And that sort of guarantees that you have the maximum drain on resources, while also producing the kind of minimum amount of human benefit.  















































































