 Etna remains untouched
 




 I noticed that as well, It seem like I can never play on the maps that I like. I'm usually confined to the same maps. 




 I play/played Halo reach a lot, and it seems as if more people play reach than 4. Thank you though. Going to pop it in now. 




 I picked up the Limited edition Halo 4 on the release date and after a couple months stopped playing it completely. Is anyone really playing it anymore? If so, is the game balanced and/or glitchy. I want to get back into Halo 4, but I'm not too sure if It's worth it. 
I do believe Halo 4 was a good game, just did not keep the same vibe past Halos did. 




 Yes, certainly is. For some reason i relate to the video and brought me a sense of understanding through myself. 




 I know it doesn't exactly describe depression, but the video "scarfy" has been a favorite of mine for awhile 




 It makes me happy to hear that. Keep up the work. I'm proud of you.  




 I'm scared to feel happy. As if happiness will be my greatest downfall.  




 I hope that you can too get better. I wish the world wouldn't have to live in misery.  




 Not necessarily, I'm quite alone. I only have online friends and 2 friends in real life. 

 




 *background* Been depressed since I was very young. I suffer from isomnia, anxiety, social anxiety, and clinic depression. I've been extremely suicidal in the past 8 months. Tried to kill myself 3 times, but failed. Anxiety attacks are very common and I usually stress over every little thing. My paranoia makes me afraid to go outside anymore. 

For some reason I'm very afraid of healing. I feel as if it's a part of me and without it my other problems would overwhelm me. I've tried to got to counseling, but broke it off after 2 sessions. I never take medication because I'm scared of side affects.

I'm tired of feeling so down, but yet I do nothing to heal. I just end up laying in my dark room. I feel so pathetic. As if I don't deserve to get better. 

I just wanted to know, am I the only one that's afraid to heal? 




 Sound types maybe. A lot of pokemon could fit into it already.  




 GAMEstop
 




 New mega evolution confirmed! 




 Saying that is basically saying that all "enter metal genre here" are only creeps who are only angry and want to scream about violence. That's an assumption people make right? Its obviously not true.
You make assumptions that all music from that genre is emo bullshit, but yet you're judging it by mainstream bands.
It like calling all thrash metal satanic bullshit because slayer sung about this once, or all death metal is about murder because cannibal corpse sung about this (I know bad example).

I'm sorry but it angers me when people classify a whole genre by a mainstream band. 
Btw I'm not making those assumptions, just examples from what I've heard before. 




 Kakuna and metapod doe 




 Done. I liked the survey and glad to help. 




 Wallace wells 




 Mind explaining what's going on my friend? 




 It took me a second to realize that 




 its 3: 29 AM
I look out my window at the hot crowded street above
I notice i feel cold and alone
used up like an old bottle
no deposit, no return
people live and die in these apartment compartments
no deposit, no return
dust falls silently
why cant i?
no deposit, no return

I just wanted to share this. I did not write this. 




 Thank you. Will that affect my current gen. Consol and cabel? 




 No battle toads.  




 How do I do the aspect ratio thing? (I sound really stupid, I just don't have much knowledge on televisions) 




 Like, it being blurry doesn't bother me as much as the cut-off borders. 




 I'm sorry if this does not belong here, but recently i set up my old gamecube on my 42'' Vizio, and the picture is very blurry. Not only is it blurry, the borders are messed up. Ex. The damage meter(or whatever it is called) on Super Smash brothers. It Is out of the picture. This makes it sorta difficult to play certain games. How do you fix this?
Sorry if this doesn't belong here. If needed direct me where to go for help. 




 Hahaha 




 I too have sung Death's praise
Life is the only thing worth living for
Life is simply as it states.
I know it has its ups and downs and, trust me I still have my problems but it eventually eases up. Find something that simply calms you and helps you enjoy life. (Ex. Music is what i vented through) The belief of no point us the death's praise. Do not sing that song. Just think about it. Think about what hasn't been done and, what will create a reason for life. Hopefully we all can find our meaning in this sadistic world eh? 




