 FUCK PENNY ARCADE Gotham is great! 




 you just made an enemy FOR LIFE!!!!! 




 i mean its like the world is trying to convince me that "you are not allowed to like this show, people wont like you for it!" type of thing, and its like the rave reviews dont come from review fairies people!! (bruno heller: i wish my new show had rave reviews. Fairie: your wish has been granted) theyre from all natural real human persons!!! i hate what i hear from you people "its bad because theres no batman" "some actors arent the right age" i mean its bad enough that there are people who dislike the marvel universe movies (and i avoid them as much as possible, and if i DO come across them, they make an enemy for life.) am i bad for liking a show? i swear to god if i hear ONE MORE TIME it doesnt meet your petty expectations youll make an enemy FOR LIFE!! if anyone has a good reason why i should or shouldnt like gotham, dont hesitate to explain why. thank you

EDIT:dear god, why do i keep asking for permission to like stuff i should know better by now 




 i chose GOT as an example because that and veep are the only two shows i can think of that are not in their final seasons, with like true blood and boardwalk empire ending 




 i mean HBO still PLAYS movies, but now people want it for the shows, its like the movies they play are just filler for when GOT comes back on

EDIT:*for UNTIL GOT comes back on 




 in case you dont know who doug jones is check this link out!

http://imgur.com/gallery/h8A09QY

EDIT: since no one yet has said it i say he plays beerus 




 because i yearn for a smart imdb user to be conceived, but its all ignorance and insults, which is why i have no imdb account of my own because they are MONSTERS theyre not people 









 1993: oh wow! thats that guy from that movie i liked, its a huge honor that theyre on the simpsons!

2014: man, you need to be THAT desperate for a PAYCHECK, to be on the simpsons 




 i have a sucky imagination though 




 i know of the audio dramas, id check them out but i prefer a tv show 




 because i watched all 800+ episodes (and i do mean all) and no episode mention propane, to my recollection 




 you know it really stinks that doctor 8 didnt get a full series, because man i watched the tv movie and reminded me of the x files, and i thought man if this was a full show, the x-files wouldve been the perfect lead in show 




 But this one is here to stay, I swear 




 Oh there's others but this user sticks out like a sore thumb, I think he has an agenda and writing plans as we speak 














 You actually keep track how many times you say something? Damn talk about keeping track. 




 Because I feel very unsafe and I need holding and protection. The haters are out to get me. So I ask is it ok if I like the new movies to be into Star Trek at all? Because I feel that I have the right to say what I think is right. That's all, so I ask will I ever see another Star Trek watcher who likes the new movies? And am I wrong for doing so? I say this from the bottom of my heart. I mean I feel as if I say EVEN ONE POSITIVE THING, people want me executed or something, I just want people to enjoy the new movies, and Talk to them, is that so wrong, anybody know any whiskeys good for binging in one sitting?

P.S. At least this isn't imdb the users are probably not even people, they're MONSTERS (in a literal and hypothetical sense) 









 because people influence other people 




 not until they make 28 seconds, minutes, or hours later first 




 Man, What a dummy I am for not being aware of those subreddits 




 Ok that was a pretty funny response actually  














 good dentist: oh man, i hope the people who go there brush and floss regularly

bad dentist: ALRIGHT!!! job security! 









 i can never tell whether i like his movies or not, but this looks nice 




 sounds like i have ALOT to learn apparently 




 *haters people, but what that makes sense though, but then when i say it civilized i STILL get downvoted, what gives? 




 whats the point of expressing my opinion if im just gonna be called an idiot, or a moron, and insulted? i thought trekkers were supposed to be for tolerance!!! i cant say ANYTHING good bout the new movies without being seen as a skinhead or something, its just not fair! so on behalf of your franchise and your fandom i bid you all, GOOD FUCKING LUCK!! 









 because ive never heard any one character whether in the games, the anime, manga, etc... mention or drink moonshine which leads me to wonder, is there moonshine in the pokemon universe, hey this is making me be in the mood for a mixed drink 




 if adrian monk has a germ phobia, why does he work as a homicide detective? 




 I've said things like "I wish all reboot haters die horrible painful deaths", I called them jerks, pussies, fags you name it. I just wish people were more grateful about new str trek and weren't jerk to people who do like them, that's all. Hear me out people are probable planning to downvote me already, but I NEED TO KNOW, IS OK IF I LIKE THE JJ ABRAMS STAR TREK MOVIES OR NOT!!!!! And is it ok if I like the writing I the new movies?! And is it ok if I look forward to Star Trek 3 with bob orci directing? Again, hear me out I'm speaking as a movie fan and sci fi fan with an honest heart. 




 reninds me of porygon 




 ive heard of cd burning, but this is ridiculous 









 producer: i wanna make a movie that revolves around a scene where patton oswalt chokes the chicken, and pair him up with one of those lesser insignificant guys from goodfellas

other guy: but sir, wont patton oswalt spanking the monkey repulse people?

producer: DAMMIT MAN I DONT WANT EXCUSES! get me a shitty script with unlikeable characters, a whiny protagonist, and a fapping patton oswalt, NOW! 




 Hey man I like marvel movies, I don't wanna get insulting, When I get insulting I get mean 




 Whenever a new sci fi movie comes out there's always the usual "it's not like the source material" "this'll be worse than the prequels" "the director isn't good" "that ship wouldn't work in real life" why is it so hard to like Star Trek or Star Wars?when there's all these little pussies who call themselves "fans"? I can't go 5 internet articles on sci fi without finding those people,is the universe TRYING to tell me something? Am I doomed to live a living hell as a sci fi fan? Are people TRYING to make a dons smaller? Please tell me someone 




 dat ass on the second one 




 bill murray in zombieland 




 all the ones with Doug Jones 




 NOW you're talking!! 









 Ok so this prequel for professor oak first act is the usual going to college, graduating, earning his phd, getting married, having kids, having grand kids (Gary), and (establishing) a laboratory, and then later on professor oak finds a stray pichu, he brings it back to his lab, and he studies it an researches it and finds out it evokes into pikachu, so then he tries many methods to make it evolve which are unsuccessful, and then on the night before Gary and ash get their own pokemon that we're all familiar with there's a break in at the lab (possible by team rocket) an professor oak runs to the lab, then he sees the pichu he's been trying to get to evolve is fending off the theives with its electrical shocks. and all the pokemon are 
unharmed and then we see the pichu start to glow that white color were all familiar with and much to professor oaks delight is celebrating on the inside of its victory. And before cutting back to the evolving pichu, professor oak then says to himself "I hope it'll stay in its pokeball." And then we cut back to the still evolving pichu, and cut to black. ROLL CREDITS what do you guys think? 




 *oil SPILL 




