  They make it sound like every actor, musician, painter, or other artist has it easy. Well guess what, it's the same in the other entertainment industries. 

I think it's wrong to act like some periods aren't better or worse for different types of art. Musicians income peaked in the 80s or 90s and has been plummeting. Authors have been doing much worse over the past 15 years and advances are shrinking. 

Just because it's always "hard" doesn't mean it can't get harder or there can't be fewer spots. 

Being a tenured professor at a top college was always hard, but in the 70s or 80s there were far more tenure track spots. Now 70% of all classes are taught by low-paid adjuncts. 

Point being: things change.  




 collection society?  


































 No, I don't think art or reading are wasting time. As opposed to what? TV? Candy Crush? broadway shows? 

Not all of life can be working, eating, and sleeping. Books are a great combination of both entertainment and enlightenment.  




 fantastic book, one of my favorite story collections 






















































 To each their own, but I started with Blood Meridian and loved it. Then read Pretty Horses and thought it was only pretty good. Basically, the lush, biblical, southern gothic language of all of McCarthy's works up through Blood Meridian does much more for me than the sparse Hemingwayish later works.  







































  How in the world are "non-aware-of-puppy-nomination" authors "tarred by association"? I thought only idiots did the guilt-by-association thing?

If you win an award because of a faulty, rigged, or otherwise bad voting process then your win is tainted. I don't think that's unfair to say (if you agree the vote was rigged at least) 









 oh come on. The book in a bookstore is the same book as the one on amazon. And you already know the price will be higher in the bookstore before you go in. So browsing in a bookstore and then buying it when you get home on you computer is nothing like "compare and contrast" shopping, or even in seeing different prices (something people normally do online) 




 It's pretty shitty in all those cases too, but the difference is, I think, that with those things you can often buy from the same company. You try on a J. Crew suit, order the suit size later online. It helps J. Crew either way. 

But ordering from Amazon actively undermines bookstores.  




 I wouldn't go as far as shoplifting, but it's definitely kind of shitty. If you enjoy what bookstores provide, you should support them monetarily. Taking what you like from bookstores (browsing, live readings, etc.), then spending your money elsewhere is a sure way to make those bookstores go out of business. 
 














 This paragraph actually isn't in the final book, it was only in the reviewer galley (and to which you are never supposed to quote if you are a reviewer)  



















 Keep in mind that Stannis wanted the wildlings to fight in his wars, not just live south of the wall. A pact to let the Wildings live is different than a pact to let them probably die in a war 




 Ha true, I wasn't so impressed with Maggy, but just didn't think the age switch was a problem 




 I've seen enough old crone cliche witches in my time to not care that they went with a younger witch 




 Examples of women writers who wrote under Pen Names? James Tiptree Jr. is an obvious example. 

Here's an article though: 

http://io9.com/5077952/women-who-pretended-to-be-men-to-publish-scifi-books

"Women Who Pretended to Be Men to Publish Scifi Books" 




 The fact that there have always been some female SF writers doesn't mean there aren't more now or, as you yourself note, many were kept out and forced to write under pen names.  



















 This is pedantic, but the site tags the article "FANTASY" and it mostly seems to be about fantasy, yet the title says "storming the male citadels of sci-fi." 

Anyway, agree there are lots of great SF/F women writers these days.  









 eHow videos 




 Oh yeah I agree. But it seems to me kind of like the GOP establishment and the Tea Party. The SP's encouraged Day/Wright/rapid puppies at first and now are kind of shocked that they took over, and try to separate themselves.  




  Definitely authors complain about marketing, but the fact that so many are dismissive of house loyalty is something that I think is a shift in the recent 5-10 years.

I dunno, I never got the impression that authors were super loyal to their specific publisher in the past. For one thing, editors and publicists move around frequently, so the houses aren't stable either. There's no real reason to stick with a specific Big 5 imprint if the money is the same. 

I'd would be more interesting to see how many authors would opt to stick with their current editor.  




  Wright and Beale are different matters, of course - but Wright wasn't an organizer of the effort, and Beale had his own effort going.

Yes but... Correia and Torgensen nominated Beale last year and Wright this year, and seemed to take delight in having people like that get hugo nominations. (hard to believe they could seriously think those two are actually among the most deserving SF writers...) So they are hardly innocent for the results.  














 Come on, the Sad/Rabid puppies gave a record six nominations to John C. Wright and 9 to a brand new and poorly regarded publishing house run by Vox Day. 

Do you really think that Wright is the greatest living SF writer and Castalia House the best SF publisher around? 

This wasn't about the stories, it was about getting themselves and their friends on the Hugo ballot and "sticking it to the SJWs" (at least for the Rabid puppies) 









 Didn't Birdman win the Oscar and not Boyhood?  









 It's totally bizarre to me that people get so made about literary or artistic work winning awards over formulaic popcorn movies or beach read novels. Isn't the whole point of awards to highlight the best, boundary pushing work? 

Bestsellers already, well, sell the best and make tons of money. They don't need awards too.  
























 It's not uncommon, how much are they offering? Publishers use paintings and photographs for book covers all the time 




 True, except the SP nominated work Vox published, so they associated themselves with him.  




 According to this: http://file770.com/?p=21708 

the Rabid Puppies placed more candidates than the Sad Puppies, so it seems they had more support. (Unless it was all in the categories with low votes overall)

You can say he's a random quack, but then how did he get 9 noms for his publishing house, 6 for his author, and another 2 for himself? Plus other ones that weren't on the SP slate? (And why did SP nominate works he's edited?)

I don't see how stating the facts of who got nominated suggests I'm a conspiracy theorist. What conspiracy? Vox Day openly campaigned for those nominations, nothing hidden about it. 

note: I am NOT suggesting that Vox set anything up at the beginning. I'm suggesting that he jumped on the SP bandwagon, but pulled in a bunch of other voters to get himself and his publishing house a ton of nominations. 




  This was something Larry covered excellently himself. SP predates gamergate, but that doesn't stop the claims.

Well my understanding is that some SP and RP supporters did reach out to GG types, and there were a flood of new voters this year. So Larry himself may actively dislike GG and may have had nothing to do with it, but that doesn't mean that the Sad Puppies campaign overall didn't. 

It's like if GOP presidential nominee hates homophobic evangelical Christians, but the GOP supporters drive tons of them to vote... can you not say that the Republican party is associated with homophobic christians?  




 Didn't Correia's sad puppies thing fail the last two years, and only succeeded this year with Vox Day? 

I guess it's hard to know who brought in more votes though 




 I don't like that either unless the ideology is currupting the work. Like, someone like Ayn Rand, to me at least, reads very poorly as fiction. Her characters are all flat and clear representations of her opponents, and then the characters that represent her viewpoint just go on 50 page lectures about the benefits of her philosophy. 

But if someone writers a great book, but outside of the work has bad opinions, I still read them. Hell, I love HP Lovecraft and he was a big racist.  




 glad we are mostly on the same page :) 









 But Vox Day's publishing house has 11 nominations! (9 for works, 2 for him as editor). Call him a quack, but he's dominating the nominees this year.  














 I will say though, that I know what you are getting at. There are people who think that women should be nominated 50% of the time every year, etc. I think that's extreme... because the quality of work isn't constant (and probably 50% of SF writers aren't women) So I'm not one of those, but I do think that systematic bias exists and that when the nominees are almost always men or always white year after year, that's not a great sign.  




 I mean, I don't think there's a static number. Women are 50% of the population. Does that mean that women should be 50% of the nominees? Not necesssarily. If it was 30% one year, 40% the next, 25% the next, 60% after that... that seems right. 

But if it's 15% or less year after year after year it's a problem. 

So I dont' think it's about the numbers in a specific year, but over time.  




 I just have a hard time believing that's the case. Like, I'd be interested in an official survey of political beliefs over hugo nominees in the past 10 years. I doubt that there haven't been some conservatives. 

I definitely think the SP are 100% wrong when they claim that the Hugos have become "more liteary" and "less popular" and that their picks are the "popular" picks of fandom. It was posted in one of these threads, but the official bookscan sales numbers show the Sad Puppy authors doing worse in sales than the "literary" authors they decry.  




 I don't believe there should be quotas. I think there's a difference between calling out racial bias and instituting official quotas, you know? 

 














 You asked me:

 Follow up question, if we disallow writers from being nominated based off their skin color isn't that discrimination?

And I said I don't believe that. No one shoudl be "disallowed" because of any skin color. But... why are you asking that? no one is saying white people should be disallowed, nor are the hugos at risk of losing white nominees... they've been almost entirely white every year since the Hugo was founded. 

 What does their skin color have to do with the quality of their writing?

You are looking at it wrong. It's not that skin color determines quality, it's that a third of the US is non-white. The MAJORITY of the world is non-white. So if you are only nominating white people, that means you aren't really reading the breadth of literature out there.  




 I actually don't care at all if a bunch of conservatives want to say "Hey, we should vote for more of the work we like!" 

But, it's pretty absurd for someone like Vox Day to bring in tons of outside voters, apparently from GamerGate, to get his brand new publishing house to get 9 nominations plus 2 for himself as editor. 

Honestly, all politics aside, ANY publishing house that isn't like... the biggest one around having that many nominations means the votes are tainted. Don't you think?  




 We've covered this in other parts here, but 

A) I don't think that "everyone who isn't a conservative Christian Anglo-American" is part of the same political disposition! There is a huge range of ideologies, political opinions, and stances outside of Christian UK/US conservatisim. So... I don't buy that the Hugos weren't diverse politically before, nor do I buy that the SP slate is politically diverse. 

b) Even having said the above, most Hugo nominees are not writing political fiction! And most probably aren't especially political themselves.  




 The Sad Puppies CLAIM their list is very diverse. I'm saying that's just a lie. It isn't diverse. 

Your other questions are much larger, but not something I'm addressing there. If the Sad Puppies want to say that their 90% male, nearly 100% white list represents the best fiction regardless of politics that's fine. We can debate that. But don't pretend the list is diverse because you put a few token women and non-whites on it.

I'm obviously not suggesting that white men be disallowed from nomination! That's a weird straw man. I think it's bad for a major award to be almost entirely white men, but I'm cerrtainly not saying there should be NO white men.  




 I don't know what the EW story originally said, but it is nonsense that the Sad Puppies are claiming their list is really diverse. Look at it yourself: 

https://bradrtorgersen.wordpress.com/2015/02/01/sad-puppies-3-the-2015-hugo-slate/

Best Novel: all white men

Best Novella: all white men

Best Novelette: all men, 4/5 white

etc. 

I only count 7 women (one listed twice) on their ENTIRE slate of 50+ names. 

If they want to say no one should think about gender or race or anything when voting, fine. But don't pretend that a list almost entirely made of up white American males has racial or gender diversity.  




 There's a bit of confusion about all this because there are three lists: The actual Hugo nominees, the Sad Puppies ballot, and the Rabid Pubbies ballot. 

I said that the actual nominees were largely conservative white men, with Wright getting six nominations and a brand new publishing house, run by Vox Day, getting 9. That's 100% true. 

The Rabid Puppies list was done by Vox Day, who is openly racist and was kicked out of the SFWA for calling a black author a "half-savage" and other things. His list was not diverse in the least. 

The Sad Puppies list was slightly more diverse... but only slightly. I think it's funny that the SP got EW to issue a correction, but we can actually judge the diversity for ourselves: 

https://bradrtorgersen.wordpress.com/2015/02/01/sad-puppies-3-the-2015-hugo-slate/

The Best Novel category is 5 white men. (Note: some people on reddit have been saying Correia is Latino. He's a white american of Portuguese descent)

Best Novella is 3 white men. 

Best Novellete is 4 white men and one non-white man. 

So... no, the Sad Puppies are not diverse. There isn't a single woman until the fourth category, and there are a only a handful of non-white authors on the whole list.  




 I hear you BUT what's funny/sad about all this is... the Hugos really haven't been that diverse. Like, just glancing at the last 10 of best novel winners it appears to be: 

10 white authors, 7 of which are men

100% white and 70% men is hardly affirmative action quota land. 

I'm also pretty positive the film and TV awards have been super white and male too. Granted, it's likely the case that the Hugos are more diverse than 100% whiteness if you get into some of the smaller awards like short story or novellete, but we are a LONG way away from racial quotas or non-white authors even being mathematically represented to their size of the population.

Basically, it seems like the Puppies are fighting a non-existent problem.  




 Here's the data on SP vs. RP for what it is worth: 

http://file770.com/?p=21708

 SAD PUPPIES 3: Recommended 60 nominees; 51 made the final ballot and 9 did not.

 RABID PUPPIES 2015: Recommended 67 nominees; 58 made the final ballot and 9 did not.

 A total of 61 nominees from both slates made the final ballot.
 This consists of 48 items recommended by both lists; 3 items only on Sad Puppies; and 10 only on Rabid Puppies. 




  If the conservatives had a great year then they should reap the rewards of their hard work

Sure... but that's not what happened here. Vox Day and co went outside of the normal voters and got a bunch of new people to vote who most likely didn't read any of the books/works. (The voting numbers increased a bunch.)

It's not like there were some acclaimed big conservative books. Rather, a bunch of totally obscure books that didn't sell many copies got on because of outside voting to "fuck with the social justice warriors" 




  I think they'll have a pretty hard time winning them, though.

Several of the categories are 100% Sad or Rabid puppies though, so either they win or get "No Award" 




 Heh, I copy and pasted the title but it's about a 2015 award for 2014 books 




 I gotta question the idea that the Hugos have been completely dominated by "a single definable political skew." 

I can buy that the Hugos have maybe been slightly left leaning, but there is a HUGE swatch of ground between "social libertarian who is okay with gay marriage," "centrist Democrat" and the anarcho-anti-capitalism of like China Mieville. Like there are huge historic ideologies that fit in that range. 

I also think most of these writers that get nominated are not especially political. 

It seems like basically a lot of SF writers think there should be more gender balance and more racial diversity. That's not a horribly political stance... women make up half the population, and like 30%+ of americans are non-white.
 




 Okay, in all seriousness, what percentage of NA ancestry does Vox Day even claim?

And also, in all seriousness, even if VD was full-blooded NA, if you call black people "savages" and shit you are racist. Doesn't matter your own racial background. 
 




 You are quoting someone else there, but this year's nominees were largely conservative white men who write really preachy christian/right wing fiction. 

As to their aesthetic diversity... I can't say I've gotten far enough in to compare, but when SIX nominations to go Wright and NINE to go one publishing house, I doubt it's horribly diverse on that level either.  




 I doubt he really has much Native American ancestry AND poc can certainly be racist. 

(claiming to have some tiny fraction of native american blood is really common among Americans of all political stripes, but this dude is lily white: http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/14/Vox_Day_by_Tracy_White_promo_pic.jpg/220px-Vox_Day_by_Tracy_White_promo_pic.jpg) 




 The RP's won though. Wright is on there 6 times. Vox Day's publishing house is on there 9.  




 Again, see my post above. The Sad Puppies didn't win this year. The RABID Puppies did, and their slate was openly racist and decidedly not diverse. 

The Rabid Puppies and Sad Puppies slates overlapped somewhat, but the RP slate performed far better.  




 This year's nominees are decidedly less diverse than previous years. They made it less diverse.  




 The Nebula's are more like Cannes.  




 This is a great summary BUT you are missing a huge piece of the puzzle. 

This year Vox Day, an openly racist and sexist (talks about blacks as subhuman, advocates assaulting women) guy ran a "rabid puppy" slate full of 

A) openly racist or extreme right wingers

B) himself and his friends

(A and B completely overlap of course)

It was actually Vox Day's  slate that dominated the Hugo's not the Sad Puppy one. For example, Vox Day is on there twice, his author Wright is on there 6 times, and his publishing house is on there like 10 times. 

I imagine even Torgersen and Correia are embarrassed by Vox Day

 The Sad Puppies group say that it is odd that their motives are considered to be racism or conservatism, given that they recommended works by authors with diverse racial and political background.

Right, but what I said above is what everyone on both "sides" is missing. Correia and Torgersen's slate might have been pretty white and male, but at least somewhat diverse. But the Rabid Puppy slate was decidedly not. It was conservative, racist, and almost purely white. People are making a mistake conflating the Vox Day victory with Correia, but Correia and co are being silly pretending that the Hugo nominees aren't fully of extreme conservatives this year thanks to Rabid Puppies.  









 In addition to the density thing, keep in mind that most books that get adapted are GREAT books (well... nowadays it's often just shitty bestsellers like 50 Shades or Twilight, but in decades past). 

So if the books are all great, the adaptations have a high bar to pass. 

There are some movies that are almost universally thought of as better though: 

* Jaws
* The Godfather
* The Shining (okay this is debatable, but...)
* Psycho
* and so on

But a lot of people dont' even realize that Psycho or Jaws were novels, because the movie is so much more famous 





























 It's always been hard to be an artist in any field, but that doesn't mean it isn't HARDER in some eras than others.  




 I think hipsters read YA now 









 Lol. Have you actually looked at it?

First category: all white men
Second category: all white men
Third category: all men, 3/4ths white

So diverse!  




 What you aren't understanding is that Correia's Sad Puppies slate didn't win. Vox Day's Rabid Puppies slate did: http://voxday.blogspot.com/2015/02/rabid-puppies-2015.html

Rabid Puppies had Wright on 6 times. He won six nominations. 

Compare the link I just posted to what won. It was Vox Day, an open racist, whose slate won. Not Correia.  





























 The Baron in the Trees by Italo Calvino 









 haha 









 lol, my "side"? Not only do I think the side thing is silly, I actually think the Sad Puppies are exactly wrong. They claim that too many literary books are winning over fun, popular books... I think the exact opposite is the case. 

In recent years, the Hugos for best novel have gone to JK Rowling, Neil Gaiman twice, and John Scalzi, among other super popular middlebrow writers.  (And the movie and TV awards are obivously dominated by the most popular fare) 




 yeah it's a clear catholic allegory. But I, too, enjoy it.  




 The desire here to claim SF doesn't have a huge political tradition is just bizarre. Wells, Le Guin, Heinlein, Banks... so many of the biggest names and biggest franchises/properties (Star Trek anyone?) have been overtly political.  




 Not really. Honestly, I rarely read a second book by an author I do like! So many other authors out there. 

That said, I can imagine really loving parts of an author (their style, sense of humor, whatever) and not parts of a specific book (setting, plot, etc.) that would make me think they'd be worth another shot. Also, if the first book I read was their debut and they were known for their latter books.  




 In this way he's kind of like the Stephen King of fantasy (even though King does fantasy too). 

If you are a casual reader, King is like the only name in Horror that you'll know. Similarly, Gaiman is like the only name in whimsical fantasy for standalone books.  




 He's good at what he does, but he also doens't have much competition  if you are trying to figure his popularity. Fantasy is totally dominated by gigantic multi-book series of high fantasy battles, wizards, and elves. Game of Thrones, Wheel of Time, Harry Potter, Sanderson, etc. 

Gaiman does one-off books and story collections that combine fantasy, myth, and British wit. His books are fun, but have some standards "deep" threads to make them seem literary. 

if you want a fun standalone Fantasy-tinged novel, where else can you turn? I'm sure there are others and maybe people will name them in replies, but none as famous as Gaiman for the casual reader.  




 Isn't he the guy responsible for most of the nominations? I mean, he got two for himself and 9 for his personal press. Plus more for his personal friends. He's at the center of all this.  




 Libraries have films, and way more people pirate TV and film than books. I'd bet a much smaller percentage of books are read via library than film/TV/music via piracy.  




 Scalzi never had a slate he told people to vote for that I'm aware of. And certainly no "slate' form Scalzi or anyone else ended up dominated entire nominations from multiple categories. Someone in another thread said 68% of the Hugo picks this year were from the Sad Puppies or Rabid Puppies slates. That's crazy! It would be even higher if it wasn't for the TV and movie awards that get a lot more votes. 
 




 Most of the "liberals" being railed against by the SP types are white males (Scalzi, Wendig, etc.). Being a white male doesn't mean you are are conservative or liberal.  




 Local book store. 

Weir will likely make the same cut no matter where you buy, but increased sales of his book mean he'll get more money in an advance for his next book, and mean more SF books of similar ilk will get published.  




  I'm guessing he has never worked a minute of labor in his life.

You sure seem quick to judge someone whose life you know nothing about 




  I agree that at least this slate doesn't seem to be making the sales argument, 

Also the slate that won was really the Vox Day slate that was mostly just himself and his publishing house's works. So... hard to read it as anything other than self-aggrandizement.  




 Ancillary was a pretty big seller for a SF book though. It was definitely a popular book. It also won or was shortlisted for a ton of other awards and got of mainstream acclaim. 

I've never read it. But it doesn't seem like a good example of an obscure, dense book that mainstream audiences couldn't like and isn't well written getting triumphed over better popular stuff.  




 Sure, but I guess what I'm saying is that "literary merit" vs. "popular appeal" would actually be an interesting argument to have, but sadly that's not what we are having here. SP's aren't promoting popular work, but unpopular work that aligns with their politics. 

The literary vs. popular is an argument worth having though.  




 I think you are right that a dramatic increase in voting would mitigate the problem by virtue of everyone simply voting for the 2-3 mainstream names that had books that year. But that's not a great solution either. The point of awards, from my point of view, is to bring attention to fantastic work that may not have had great sales. 

We don't really need a Hugo that only goes to Neil Gaiman/Martin/Rowling/King type authors.  




 I'd really like to read Don Quixote 




 Well i've seen some evidence that they went to GG to recruit but either way, the point is that Vox Day and co brought in a bunch of new voters to flood the ballots. Which is, of course, their right under the current rules.  




 Yeah it predates the internet for sure. I believe it used to just be people who attended WorldCon, but then they opened it up to anyone who paid a fee (40 bucks currently I think) to vote.  




 yeah and this year a group actively recruited people who have never voted or cared about the Hugos before, often from Gamergate forums, to vote. The number of votes needed to be nominated increased a bunch this year thanks to influx of new voters.  




 I didn't read Lock-in and don't read Scalzi. I'm just saying that the popular SF/F books that sold well were left off the Hugos and the Sad Puppy slate.  




 The Three-Body Problem, Station Eleven, Annihilation... crazy all three of those were left off. Three-Body not only was totally beloved, but was pretty widely read (sold more than the SP books). And Station Eleven and Annihilation were HUGE sellers as well as highly acclaimed.  














 Good picks! 




 This is mostly right, but two things: 

 push a progressive or preachy message in lieu of good storytelling

No one can read the SP slate stories and think they are against preachy storytelling. They just want preachy storytelling that preaches their POV

 Popular authors who didn't push a progressive message were being shut out of nominations.

The authors on the Sad Puppy slate are not popular, except Jim Butcher who likely would have been nominated anyway. Just factually, their books don't sell well: http://www.jasonsanford.com/blog/2015/4/yes-people-do-read-the-novels-up-for-the-hugo-and-nebula-awards 




 but the Sad Puppies slate isn't diverse in any sense. Look at the nominees: not only is it a ton of white men with conservative views, it's all the same publishing houses (Castalia House has nine nominations) and even authors (John C. Wright has six nominations) 




  It's exactly the opposite of a campaign to vote for their friends or to a political movement. 

OK, one of the main organizers was Vox Day, although he called his slate Rabid Puppies. Vox Day was nominated in two categories and his publishing house Castalia House had NINE nominations. 

How can you say it's not about getting friends or themselves on the ballot when Castalia House had an insane nine nominations? And friend John C. Wright had an insane six nominations?  




   If people want a broader spectrum of nominations, then the solution is to get out there and nominate the stories   people you think are good.

Not really in practice. In practice, everyone nominating different stories they truly loved means that small political voting blocs, like the Sad Puppies, can completely dominate. The actual solution is to have rival voting blocs so the SP can only get one or two noms on in each category, while the other voting blocs each get one or two as well. 

But, really, the solution is to change the voting system.  




 Do you disagree that the majority of SP voters are white? Are male? And have politics that lean to the right? 

I mean they explicitly complain about "liberal" SF writers 




   The Sad Puppy list was created with the intent of 'fixing' the vote for popular, non-literary novels which Larry Correia, Brad Torgensen and the Sad Puppy Community enjoyed.

Except the books they nominated are not popular, other than Skin Game. They nominated people with very few readers, preventing the actually popular books to be left off the nominees.  




  Because if it's really supposed to be about nominating authors that are popular with a mass audience

It's most definitely not. There were plenty of SF/F books that sold well last year (Station Eleven, The Magician's Land, Southern Reach trilogy) but their politics don't align with the Puppies.  




 Well in what sense? Mainstream Republican politicians name-check Ayn Rand, so it wouldn't surprise me if more people in America today read Ayn Rand than read Dianetics or attend scientology churches. 

 




 I'm just basing it on what the Sad Puppies themselves said: 

 while the big consumer world is at the theater gobbling up the latest Avengers movie, fandom is giving science fictions most prestigious award to stories and books that bore the crap out of the people at the theate

 Ill say it again: the Hugos (and the Nebulas too) have lost cachet, because at the same time SF/F has exploded popularly  with larger-than-life, exciting, entertaining franchises and products  the voting body of fandom have tended to go in the opposite direction: *niche*, academic, overtly to the Left in ideology and flavor, and ultimately lacking what might best be called visceral, gut-level, swashbuckling fun.

Those are just from one blog post from organizer Torgensen https://bradrtorgersen.wordpress.com/2015/01/16/why-sad-puppies-3-is-going-to-destroy-science-fiction/ but the Sad Puppies are always talking about how their "popular" fiction is being replaced by "niche" "literary" work. 

But looking at actually numbers, it's all a lie. The big literary Sf books that win awards outsell the nice Sad Puppy books. They are more popular, not less.  




 You'd have to lose the 40 dollar. That's a big barrier for a lot of people, even with a book thrown in.  




 How is saying "totally obscure?" addressing my point? 

I'm not misrepresenting the slate. The Sad Puppies claim to be defending the popular fiction that people actual read, the book versions of The Avengers film (their comparison), but instead they picked a bunch of obscure books. Station Eleven, Annihilation, even Ancillary Sword sold way more copies than the non-Butcher books they picked: 

http://www.jasonsanford.com/blog/2015/4/yes-people-do-read-the-novels-up-for-the-hugo-and-nebula-awards

and the the shorter awards are dominated by things like John C. Wright and  Castalia House? Just factually speaking, they are not very popular. Wright is a completely nobody next to Gaiman, Scalzi, Martin, or a dozen other people you could name off the top of your head. 

ETA: I'm not advocating for big name authors like King, Gaiman, and Martin to win every award. I'm only saying that the Sad Puppy slate does not represent the popular authors despite their claim.  




 Well I don't disagree that getting people into short fiction would be good, though I suspect purely open voting would be really easy to rig there too and if a Stephen King or Neil Gaiman type decided to campaign they could dominate the short story awards with a few tweets. 

But, that would still be better than the Sad Puppies domination, so better than the status quo.  




 Wait... what? What does Indian or Hispanic writers nominated have to do with obscurity? 

The Sad Puppy slate was mostly full of really obscure writers, outside of Jim Butcher. And they promoted themselves as being defenders of the super popular like The Avengers.  




 Right? You'd expect that John C. Wright was the modern day Robert Heinlein or some shit with his six (!) nominations 




  This is probably true. But the "Sad Puppies" also have a valid point that the more political nominations of the past weren't going to highly-read or especially good works, either.

but why counter that with... work that wasn't widely read or good but happens to share your viewpoint? 

If the Sad Puppies wanted to actually promote the most popular work, they should have had a best novel slate of Station Eleven, Annihilation, Skin Game, The Martian, and Lock In... or something like that. (Maybe California?) Anyway, only Skin Game was the only one they nominated that was actually popular.  




  This would democratize the Hugo. It would make it, finally, a real fans' award. It would remove the gaming-the-system loophole that now exists due to low numbers of voters. Just, make the numbers of voters huge. Overwhelm all the factions. No lit faction, no sad anything, no political anything, just lots and lots of voters.

Is that much better though? In those kind of awards, it just goes to whatever book sold the most. Most people don't actually read many books, so there would only be a couple bestsellers who could even be in contention. And we don't need awards that recongize the bestseller list.... we can just look at the best seller list.  




  Also I didn't know she had a cult that big rivalling Hubbard.

might be bigger at this point, the Going Clear HBO doc on scientology  made it sound like their global membership has rapidly dwindled in the last decade.  









 It's never been this nakedly political before. There have always been groups, but the Sad Puppies voting bloc voted on a unified slate of mostly totally obscure white male authors. 

So instead of one or two surprises with, I guess, liberal politics getting on, you have literally entire categories entirely dominated by the Sad Puppy voting bloc. 

Politics aside, having basically a few people pick who gets nominated for most categories isn't a great way to do awards. I'd think it was gross if one or two liberal SF writers came out with the Politically Correct Slate and then the PC slate dominated every category.  




 They rigged the voting: http://www.jasonsanford.com/blog/2015/3/yes-the-sad-puppies-campaign-swept-the-hugo-awards 




 That's the funniest part! They claim to defend popular literature by getting a bunch of obscure dudes to replace actually popular, bestselling authors.  




 Sorry, I just had SP/Gamergate guy in another thread tell me those two guy's alleged ethnicity as a rebuttal to my factually true statement that the Sad Puppy slate was overwhelmingly white and male. May have carried over my eye-rolling.  




 It's even weirder because the "literary" titles that have won, like Michael Chabon, have been popular books with tons of sales... so the idea that "popular fun books" are being ousted by obscure literary books just doesn't bear any relation to the facts.  




 It's not even a "popularity contest" when the works nominated aren't actually very popular. Annihilation, Station Eleven, tons of books that actually sold really well got bumped off for obscure neckbeard dudes.  




 There might be some, but I bet that danceswithronin was talking about having 6 short stories ready to send at any time. I agree with you that six book length works is... impossible.  




 six manuscripts of short stories or poems is very, very common. 

Six book-length manuscripts? Never heard of that. But we are talking magazines here, right?  




 So... that means you can't count?  




 Both are necessarily in my experience, at least if you want to write anything original. If your goal is not to be Faulkner or Le Guin or Nabokov, or even Gaiman or King or Rowling... but to just rewrite whatever Twilight/Divergent/50 Shades type work is currently popular, then hard work is all you need. But otherwise, you need talent too.  




 Even if Vox Day and Corria are not white, do you really think the vast majority of people who voted SP aren't white? 

If someone says the GOP is sexist, saying "but Sarah Palin is a woman!" isn't really a counterargument.  




 I didn't say mention those two much less say they were anti-diversity or not. I said they succeeded in getting a bunch of medicore white male writers to clog the nominations. That's... what they did. 

That's not a knock on white male SF writers, there were lots of good ones who got bumped off by the SP slate! 




 Ugh, I didn't mention either of those names. I was talking about the SP voters overall, not the figureheads, and I was talking about who actually got nominations: John C. Wright got 6 nominations. Best novella is all white men. etc. 

What percentage of Hugo nominees for the various fiction awards are white and male this year? 




 Completely vote-rigged. Maybe it will force the Hugos to change?  




 Well the Sad Puppies succeded in totally rigging the voting so a bunch of mediocre white men triumphed. Congrats I guess?  









 I just don't send to places that say no sim subs, but i don't think many do anymore?  




 He talks trash on Twilight a lot (but Twilight also sucks) 




 Two years BUT what I meant is their short lists have been good 




 True, SF/F fans often get mad when a book ISN'T a massive tome. I remember some crumging about Jeff VanderMeer's first Southern Reach book not being long enough. Books 2 and 3 were a good 300+ so people chilled on it, but if he had released three 200 page books people would have been mad.  




 I've totally been thinking that! (Not about the Arya chapter specifically, but just the teaser chapters in general... like he wants to get his version out first for some of them) 




 I mean, it is true compared to other writers. King publishes about 1.5 books a year. A lot of other writers, including many of the most famous, write more like one every four years. King can't possibly be spending as much time on his books as most of those other writers. 

Which is fine, but will make him have some clunkers now and then.  




 I mean, she's right... but it was written for little kids 




 National Book Award (far better than the Pulitzer). Nobel only really awards already famous authors at the very end of their career. 

The Folio Prize, which only started last year, is pretty good.  




 Sure, but all I'm saying is that GOT is merely one TV show, it isn't the sign of a wave or anything AND it's not the first fantasy adaptation to do well with adults (the LOTR films were huge, to pick one example) 




 Well we don't know all the changes this season, but: 


***SPOILER ALERT***

It seems like the show is cutting Aegon, and probably cutting victarion or Euron. There will probably be other big changes too 




 you dont' need to have his POV chapters for that to occur. We know about plenty of animosity between houses from backstory.  




 Can be done much quicker, four or five months, if they want 




 gaaah! 




 My bet: 2016 for TWOW, but ADOS will get split into two books. Too much plot to wrap up in two books.  









 Yeah totally. Today there's tons of "serious" fairy tale inspired writers (Oyeyemi, Karen Russell, etc.). 10 years ago there were tons of genre benders (Chabon, Lethem, etc.) Before that there was Marquez and the Latin American magical realists. Before that there was the postmodernists who used magica elements (Coover, Barthelme). Before that there was Italo Calvino and the fabulists. Before that, Borges. 

etc. 

Magic in serious fiction is nothing new.  









 I wonder if the plot twist is just something he is trying to do to distinguish the books from the TV show, so that it can't be spoiled... rather than something that he'd write without a TV show over his head.  









