 She didn't get the memo.female assassins are too hard to animate, therefore they don't exist. 




 I've always looked at fashion boards as an extended group of friends.  If you are around a certain group long enough you begin to act, dress, and like the things the group as a whole likes.  Every board had their select few individualists, sometimes they are the creative's, or industry people, or even just the ones with the most money and they tend to spark trends in the community.the only way to get "beyond"the group is to leave that specific group.
I'm a hypebeast person from 06, when I joined wdywt consisted of evisu, and red monkey jeans, bape hoodies, and dunks.  User/blogger Neek was the first to start posting fits of 501stf,wtaps/cukkas, and solid colored tshirts.  at first it wasn't well regarded "too sufu" a month later and it was the biggest entire forum paradigm shift I ever remember seeing.
 




 idk. god of carts..  or cart of war. 




 It's a fitted hat for the winter, it can be bought at lids in the winter... 




 that possibly herringbone fishtail parka is real tight.

and this whole fit is something special. http://fuckingyoung.es/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/CIVILIZED_fw14_lookbook_fy4.jpg 




 real intrigued 




 http://theworldsoriginalface.bigcartel.com/products 




 War of the roses, if you don't mind only multi player.the sword pay is super rewarding 




 build a cheap pc, get 4 wireless 360 controllers and do the steam streaming thing.  All the couch co-op and cheap steam games you need.

Buy a ps4 if and when there are exclusives you want to play. 




 solid jeans,I love mine.They're really soft.although I ripped a belt loop off of mine last week...in Montreal.thanks for the giveaway, and someone enjoy! 




 game, depending on what time/where.  Maybe we could have it in Copley square, and if it rains we could move into the prudential food court or something.
Seems easily accessible for someone unfamiliar with the city, and not in the middle of the commons if it starts raining. 




 http://imgur.com/biBHoPG

I can say they fit similar, we have very similar bodies, and I happen to be a person that has worn many different brands of T-shirts.  Sorry I don't own white T-shirts so a black one will have to do in this compare and contrast picture I have taken. 




 Gap tees fit very similarly, the necks aren't quite that large though. 




 Worked adequately on my 660ti. Wired pi, wireless ac300 pc.it's how I beat dmc, dark souls wasnt a great experience though.  My only problem was getting my 360 dongle to work with the pi, wound up just leaving the dongle on my pc.and bringing the controller to another room. 




 Yah I got the opacity mask working just fine.meant to work in rgb anyhow, habitually work in cmyk due to work.but thanks for the advice! 




 argh, thankyou... Forgot to work in rgb, clipping masks dont like cmyk gradients for some reason.  But ya Got it sorted out. 




 "Can't make a compound path. All objects in a compound path must be paths, and they cannot be brushed or part of an object." heh 




 I want to cut the circle out of the mesh, "minus from front/back"  




 I want to minus a circle from that mesh, am I out of luck?  









 I'm a graphic designer who currently works in print production.I've always wanted to get into ui/menu design.  Really,I just don't know where to start.do you know of any indie devs around the city who would be looking to give a guy a chance and get free work in return.either that or any indie designers who would want to take on an apprentice?  Thanks for all your work! 




 Sorry if this is a dumb question, anyhow.
My first credit card was a CapitalOne Platinum card, It was just about the only card I could get with very little credit history.  After a year or so my credit score is ~700, and I was pre-approved for the Cap quicksilver card.
If I have 2 cards in my wallet, one with a higher APR and no rewards and the other the opposite I don't see myself using the platinum card any more.  I don't want to close my platinum card, and lose all the history I built with it.  I also don't want to keep it unused and have that go against my credit score, as little as it may actually effect it.

I'm also planning on applying for the Discover it card, and don't really care to keep track of 3 credit cards.  I'm very responsible with credit, and 90% of the time I don't carry a balance from month to month unless I'm hit with a last minute emergency in which I clear it off as quickly as possible.  I'm just not the most organized person in the world, so the thought of carrying around 3 cards scares me.

Thanks in advance. 




 Getting more money for mk vs dcu than for bf3 it's bonkers, nobody could be looking for that game. 




 "George Bush doesn't care about black people" 




 I am planning on buying a condo in the next month, I will be taking a 30-year mortgage and am not sure whether to go with an adjustable or fixed rate.
I'm accounting for my finances with no over-time at work, and I will be fine making payments with either loan.  I'm planning on paying the loan back within 10 years.  For the moment going with an ARM would save me on monthly payments for when I am not getting over-time.  (its slow season now)  For 2/3rds of the year I am planning on making double/triple payments.
Would I be wise to stick with the best % fixed rate mortgage?

I have about enough finances saved up to pay it off in full if things get bad, but I would rather build more credit.  I also don't want to buy a cheap condo in full and have no just-in-case money left.

PS. thanks to everyone who helped me out in my rent vs buy topic from a couple days ago.   




 Dracut, lowell, haverhill. Depending what you consider around. 25-35 minutes away is close enough for me. I work out of Chelmsford ma. The cheapest I've found near the city proper is Malden, but the cheap cheap end was like 130k 




 Thanks a lot, I'm going to have to look into a buying agent and see what I come up with.  Glad to hear you made out well on your condo!! 




 Absolutely atleast 5 years.
The place I have my eye on currently, well one of many.  The one I'm waiting to hear back from has been on the market for about half a year, and has already lowered their price about 10k.  It isn't a very convenient area, it just happens to be very very convenient to the place I work.  I do need to have it seriously checked out though, if I get serious on this one.  Because that length of time tends to make me nervous.
Thanks for the advice! 




 Thanks a lot, I would have absolutely overlooked that. 




 I promised my mom I would before she moves to Florida, I'm staying in the Boston area.  The last thing I need is for her to be worrying about me, when she needs to be worrying about herself.
Figure there is no harm in meeting with the guy once and seeing how I feel.

 




 Thanks, I will have to look into that.
At the moment I'm looking for a one bedroom, in hopes that my girlfriend will move in when she is ready.  For now I want to prove i can be fully independent, and if she moves in we would be making about 100k in total together and could pay it of quick, and or live like king/queen.
I went into more detail why she can't at the moment a little further up, but ya after dealing with roomates for years I don't know if i can go back to it. 




 Thanks, average in my area is only about $150.  A few im looking at are around $250 with gas heat included.  When I was renting, during the winter my gas bills were around $250 alone.  So at that price it seems to even out. 




 Me and my girlfriend are pretty serious, but at the moment I need to do whats best for me.  Since moving back home I have an hour commute to her, and a 45 minute commute to work.  The places I am looking to live would be within 25 minutes from her, and 10-odd minutes to work. ~200 a month in gas in my civic is getting old.
She doesn't have a car, She moved to the states when she was 16 and has had Boston public transportation ever since.  Wherever I look at I anticipate bringing her, and value her opinion.  But for the moment I want to prove that I can be completely independent by myself, and hopefully she will move in with me eventually.  I can't afford to live walking distance from the subway by myself, and need to be safe if anything happens between us.
Just to clarify, she makes more money than me.  She doesn't drive because she never needed to drive, but she's working on it. (I don't want anyone thinking poorly of my lady ;))
 




 I don't want land, I grew up in suburban NH and have plenty of land.  I hated every minute of any yard work, and shoveling I've ever had to do.  I would love to get a townhouse maybe, but its out of my budget at this moment, and will likely be for the next 5-10 years. 




 Thanks for the input. I have 65k is saved up.so even after a dp I have some wiggle room.have an appointment next week with a financial advisor.is there anything you would recommend asking or telling an advisor? 




 I'm 28 years old and was renting for a few years.  My father passed away last year and I moved back in with my mother. (not trolling for sympathy, just giving context).
My childhood house is going on the market, and I need to come up with something to do soon/within the next few months.  Condo's in my area are in the 75-100k range, and I have enough money saved where I could comfortably put in a 30% dp.  If anything goes completely awry I have enough saved where I could probably buy it outright.  
I make about 40k, and am happy at my job and don't intend on leaving it or my area any time soon.  It also works out with the loan I'd be taking plus average hoa fees in my area that I could live in a nicer condo for cheaper than renting.

I strongly oppose going back to having roomates, and I don't want a house (after maintaining my current home over the past year).

edit: also I know this isn't the reality sub, but if anyhow knows about how firm condo prices are it would be appreciated.  I don't want to offer 65k on an 80k condo, planning to settle between 70-75 and have my offer seem like a slap in the face only to not hear back.  (I don't know if condo's are like houses, and owners expect an offer, or if they expect to get the asking price.)

Any opinions or advice would be greatly appreciated, hopefully y'all can help me from giving myself more headaches. 




 Crazy Titch 




 are you sure its your videochip? do you have windows 7/8 32 bit or 64 bit?  32 bit isn't supported and could lead to some of those same problems 




 Shoe goo works wonders 




 I'm sure there are more tv addicts out there than gamers, but thats old news. Gaming is still relatively newer, and still has weird stigmas attached to it. Personally gaming is more addicting to me because it is more engaging than those other things.

Edit: Also when you finish a show you are done, you have to wait for next week. Same with a book.  With mmo's and mobas, things that people are generally addicted to there is no end. You can keep playing forever with no real reason to stop 




 Strange, ya sometimes if things are too close to a Wi-Fi source they won't connect.maybe try using the cable and getting all the system updates, if you haven't tried that yet.if that doesn't work you might have to contact support.heh 




 Did you try moving the ps4 further away? 




 I agree, permanent.  If they aren't friends at first it wont take too long before they have some sort of chemistry. 









 Rakim ran shit 




 2, just because the blazer in the first picture looks crap. 




 might be good to include your price range. 




 you can program a game using the Commodore, you can't on the arari or the coleco.in the most basic sense I guess every console is technically a computer, but not really. 




 Search, then post... 




 The commodore was a computer, and no one ever took sides with the colecovision.

 




 I received an email stating that my account info was changed.  For some reason there is no button in the email to say no it wasn't.  All of my information was changed, so i can't retrieve my account.
I had no credit card info stored, and 10 dollars in my "wallet".  My library is all backed up.
Is it worth calling customer support? is there anything they can do? should i just bite the bullet and make a new account? 




 Madvillainy then mmmfood. 




 Jimmy boi is aiight 




 Rayman will last twice as long(if not more), and strider is half the price.  They are both great games, rayman is arguably better.  But i haven't had as much experience with strider.

essentially either way is a pretty good bet
 




 anyone else having this issue? Seems like it's trying to launch the full game. Giving me the error "you don't own the licensing"
baffled



Solved. If anyone else has this issue go to settings/psn/restore licenses 




 Absolutely not 




 tmtm 




 A lot less work than making 14k 




 people have been predicting these things every day for the last 10-odd years. lets take a break for the day. 




 Try soaking them more often.they will fade slower, but the denim will stay more healthy and less prone to crotch blowout. I almost never wear these because of all the holes, and am kicking myself for not soaking em more often.  




 Atleast you don't have to worry about indigo bleed ruining your shoes. 




 I started off with Venomancer, was pretty good too me. Lots of aoe and dots, can hold down a lane pretty well
 




 raw denims been becoming mainstream for a long time.  Similar to how street wear used to be exclusive to small boutiques, and now its available at zumies.


5 years ago you saw Raw denim at high-end stores/some boutiques, now you can get it at urban outfitters and macy's.

Not that there's anything wrong with that.

The niche market likes it, the famous people start wearing it, the rest of the world wants it. It is what it is 




 APC NS, roughly 1.5 years. 1 soak 1 wash.
http://imgur.com/a/bYUEq 




 ack, thanks for the info. 




 Just last week I upgraded my service to a triple play deal, because it worked out to be cheaper than my current tv and internet separate bill.  along with upgrading my internet from performance (25MBps) to 50*.
Today I go outside and find a box from comcast, inside was a technicolor TC8305C MONSTROSITY.  I called comcast to say I did not want it, only to find out I had a tech coming to my house in 2 days, I had no idea about this.
Currently I have a asus RT-AC68R, and a Motorola SB6121.  Am I going to need this outrageous technicolor box to add digital voice to my package?  Or is there an inline solution they can do.  I dont want another 2.4GHz device mucking up my signal (I have a pretty large house, and have a few devices stuck on 2.4 still)
Is my best bet to pay comcast for a phone line that I don't use, and continue paying AT T for my phone service? 




 February is probably a safe bet 




 True, the other day I got my jcrew selvedge chambray stuck between some pressing rollers at work.rather than being smart and turning off my machine I instinctively ripped my shirt out. I lost a button, and was amazed it didn't get torn at the stitching.if their quality starts to diminish I'll just have to go elsewhere. 




 In the summer, sometimes.also depending on the cut of my pants. 




 http://www.retrospecbicycles.com/cranksets.html
I have a 197X austro daimler AD S, which im trying to convert as cheaply as possible, hence why i'm looking at retrospec.
Just getting back into cycling, and don't want to drop a lot in case its just a passing phase.
Also if anyone has recommendations on quality budget cranksets/wheels I would love to hear. (as quality as budget can be) 




 Deus Ex collection includes (Augmented edition of Human Revolution, and invisible war) 




 Online sales are also not taken into account 




