 Numbers dont lie, cats fucking suck 




 The PDSA Dickin Medal, recognised worldwide as the animals Victoria Cross, is awarded to animals displaying conspicuous gallantry or devotion to duty while serving or associated with any branch of the Armed Forces or Civil Defence Units. The PDSA Dickin Medal is the highest award any animal can receive whilst serving in military conflict.

The Medal, which can only be considered on receipt of an official commendation, has been awarded 65 times since 1943. The recipients comprised 32 pigeons, 29 dogs, three horses and one cat. In 2014 the first and only Honorary PDSA Dickin Medal was awarded to war horse Warrior on behalf of all animals that served in World War I.

 









 we tried... we'll try again tomorrow... 




 LOL'ed Catfished!!!  




 but those cheap flights 




 Good to see Iowa is doing something at least 




 "If this gets 10,000 upvotes, ill abolish slavery." - Abraham Lincoln 




 After just a couple of hours drifting, the boat exploded. Most believe that a Soviet torpedo hit and sank the Struma. The Turks did not send out rescue boats until the next morning - they only picked up one survivor (David Stoliar). All 767 of the other passengers perished. 









 The festival was staged on the area of a former freight station. The capacity of the enclosed location was limited to 250,000 people,[6] but more than one million visitors were expected, based on the experience of previous years.

Entrance should have been granted at 11:00, but was granted at 12:00 CEST.[7]A 240-metre tunnel from the east and a series of underpasses from the west met at a ramp that was supposed to be the only entrance and exit point of the festival area.[8] A smaller ramp existed between the underpasses from the west. Because of overcrowding, police at the entrance began announcing over loudspeakers that new arrivals should turn around and head back.[9][10] The side of the tunnel that was the entry of the parade area was closed, but people continued to enter the tunnel from the rear, despite being told it was closed. The deaths occurred as the ramp between tunnel underpasses and the festival area became overcrowded.[11][12]

There was some debate as to how the deaths occurred. Some reports suggested they were caused by people falling off a staircase as they tried to escape the tunnel.[13] However, autopsies showed that all of the fatalities were due to crushed rib cages.[13][14] A 2012 scientific analysis of the causes of the disaster dismissed the earlier descriptions of the incident as stampede or crowd panic, and instead found evidence for a phenomenon called "crowd turbulence".[1] 









 After the earthquake, survivors began injecting opium on a large scale. It was easily accessible, due to Bam's location on a trade route for drugs coming from Afghanistan and Pakistan. By 2006, over 50% of men and roughly 15% of women were addicted. The youngest addict was reported to be 11 years of age. Construction workers have historically been large injectors, and the rise in addiction may be attributed to them passing needle onto the public. An anonymous UNICEF worker claimed that drugs were slowing reconstruction and lessening motivation.[37] 









 Organized by students and teachers. Rope donated by local store. Five students lost fingertips. Hundreds others injured. Parent plans to sue. yadda yadda yadda. American education system. Dumb leading the blind.  









