 Of all the places I've heard that word, I've heard it the most in Texas. 




 Used to be, not anymore, unfortunately.  




 Thanks. 

I'm super excited. It looks amazing (I've been watching all the play through videos I can find), and I can't wait to try it out. 




 If I take your capitalization to indicate punctuation... you're in the wrong subreddit. 

/R/RPG is for tabletop games. /R/Games might be what you are looking for. 




 It could be both. If people keep coming back and playing in your games, you are probably a pretty good GM. However, it does take a certain kind of trusting relationship (or not giving a shit) to give feedback to someone else. 

The only time I've gotten feedback was from assholes or best friends, never in between. 









 Numenera has a list of mutations that might work pretty well for you. They range from purely cosmetic to actual mechanical benefits. It would kinda give the setting an interesting WH40k feel, with psionics "warping" the user. 




 I forget who, and I forget what for (I kind of think it was Cards Against Humanity), but a company did an anti-sale, charging more than ever for the product for a limited time. It sold, but they were weirdos to begin with. 




 If you watch the "first look" video, you can see the new sculpts being used with or alongside standard PP bases. 

I don't personally own a WM Monstrosity, but he's probably an exception. He'll still probably be on a 40 or 50mm base. 




 Not going to happen. Honestly, even 20 years from now I doubt they will change it. 

You'll know it's coming if they do though, because Warmachine MK3 will have been out for probably like five years. MK3 is probably a good 10 to 15 years from happening (if ever), so you've got time.

As for a reprint, maybe? But the errata is what? One page? They aren't like a lot of companies that have entire books of errata and clarifications. 
 




 I will probably be able to get this with at least a 20% off retail discount. That means that if there was nothing in the box but the figures, it'd be about $1.73 per figure, which is a steal. Add on the fact that the map tiles are probably the same great quality as the IKRPG:U Adventure Kit, that's bonus. With a simple quick game to introduce people to the rpg, too? I'm probably going to buy several and give them away as gifts. 




 I don't see any reason why they wouldn't be. [They look](http://privateerpress.com/iron-kingdoms/board-games/the-undercity) like they are probably going to be the same material and size as the IKRPG Unleashed Adventure Kit figures, which are the same size as WarmaHordes figs. 

Also, they would have to be complete morons to pay for *new* sculpts that look **exactly** like sculpts they already have, except smaller/larger. It would take a lot of money for no reason. 

Not to mention the fact that they are probably *trying* to make this the equivalent of the Adventure Kit for Full Metal Fantasy. 









 Gorten would destroy everyone if he had more than what he has now.  




 There's a difference between accepting it because you don't think it's about actually worshiping demons, and accepting it because you know it's not just a bunch of filthy nerds running around in the woods throwing nerf-balls at each other. The first one is much more common than the second one, but geeks and gamers are becoming more and more accepted in society. *Age of the geek, baby.*

Also, I don't know if this has anything to do with it, but the USA is a huge landmass. The state I live in is bigger than the country you live in. There are areas where it is accepted, and areas where it is less so. In fact, I generally drive between 25 to 50 miles (40 to 80 km, I think) to game. Maybe one of your neighbor countries has all the gamers.  




 Honestly, it's the same game. It's really down to whether you want to be humans and warcasters with warjacks, or whether you want to be trolls and warlocks with warbeasts.

There is a [really great starter kit](http://privateerpress.com/iron-kingdoms/core-products/iron-kingdoms-unleashed-adventure-kit) for Unleashed though, so that might be a decent place to start. 




 Iron Kingdoms "classic" is generally referred to as Iron Kindoms Full Metal Fantasy (FMF).

IKRPG:FMF and IKRPG:U are both standalone games, and if you buy one, you don't need to buy they other. However, the rules from both are fully compatible, and you could use things from one book in the other. 

IKRPG:FMF focuses on the civilizations and city-dwellers of Iron Kingdoms, especially the human nations. IKRPG:U focuses on the wilds of Iron Kingdoms, and the more tribal people who live in them. 

This version of IKRPG (there was one before that was based on D D3e) is adapted from the rules of the wargame, Warmachine/Hordes. 

IKRPG:FMF is to Warmachine as IKRPG:U is to Hordes (essentially).

edit: Oh, as to which to buy, I own both, and you should too. However, if you only get one, pick the one that fits the games you want to play; IKRPG:FMF for giant metal robots and espionage, IKRPG:U for giant beasties and eating people.  




 You mean like [this](https://onlinedm.files.wordpress.com/2011/05/greenleaf_two_pages.jpg)? If you get the miniatures that were being released during that edition they even had cards for monsters like [this](http://mfi.re/imgbnc.php/d3b81cbac8980942ac3bb3e0e8b3c1a94g.jpg). 

My recommendation: Don't do it. Play a simpler version of it, like D D5e. It's especially easy to learn if you don't use the optional rules, like feats.  




 I understand what you are saying, but only barely. Your post is a mess, and you keep going back and forth talking about mechanics and story.

Even if you are just playing one game, then switching to a completely different game, it still probably won't work. If your players aren't familiar with the systems you are using, they aren't going to be able to have much fun, as soon as they figure out how the system works, you'll be changing to a different one. Not only that, but you had better be planning on providing pre-mades, since you'll need different character stats for each game, and character creation eats up a lot of time. Time that will be wasted, since they won't even be using those stats for long. 

Even if all your players are already familiar with all the systems you are using, and you've already got premades ready to go, I really doubt too many people are going to enjoy this, no matter what the story is. 

I actually think combining the best parts of several systems into one game is a better idea than this one.  




 I'm actually not sure where I got it now, but for wilderness terrain, all the map tiles for the IKRPG Unleashed Adventure Kit are available digitally for free. ~~I'm trying to find out from where, and I'll post a link if I do.~~ [Found it.](http://privateerpress.com/boostyourexperience) 




 Honestly, none that I've seen. There are a couple that exist, but none that have really caught my attention. 

The term originated with an rpg, Children of the Sun, but I haven't seen it around to check it out. 

I mean, unless you count Pulp stuff as Dieselpunk (I don't). Really it's like porn, you know it when you see it, but defining it is kind of difficult. There are plenty of Pulp games out there that are pretty good. Savage Worlds and Spirit of the Century come to mind. 

Thinking about it makes me want to work on my Dieselpunk setting again.  




 Dieselpunk is easily my favorite of the "punk" derivatives (technically Steampunk is also a derivative, the original is Cyberpunk), though there aren't many games that fit that style. 

One of my favorite published settings is Iron Kingdoms, which is solidly steampunk + magic.  




 I've used it for years now, and I've yet to find anything better for my needs. I've been running online games for close to a decade now, using lots of different tools like this, and this one is definitely the best for what I play.  




 Other than having mini-rule book to pass around, no.

That said, the minis and map tiles were worth the cost for me. Actually, the minis alone were worth it, and I didn't know how much I'd love the map tiles.

However, if you have tons of terrain and minis from Hordes, you don't really need it. 




 The problem with registries like that, is that it's hard to make them "essential" enough that anyone looking for a game goes to *that specific* registry. 

That said, I've had some luck with /r/lfg and meetup.com for finding local and online games. 




 Like other people, I tend to do TotM for short battles, and I get out mins and draw maps for bigger more intense battles. 

However, I do not use a grid. I will never again use a grid. The difference between using a grid and not is so enormous that I can never bring myself to use a grid again. Once players start counting squares, all creative options start to disappear. No one is jumping from balcony to balcony, no one is sliding, or tumbling, or wrestling, or anything even remotely resembling real combat anymore. They move in boring patterns, and any idea for combat that doesn't involve "move up and swing my sword" is gone. Never again. Not even once. 




 I think the Cypher system (Numenera/The Strange) is a great example of a good set damage system. A certain kind of weapon is going to do a certain kind of damage, but you have the option to boost the damage at a cost. There is also the option that you might have an exceptional weapon of that type that does more damage, and there are options for having a trade-off in damage for something else. All in all the system allows the players a great deal of predictability in the success or failure of their actions, and even though the system is on the simple side, this allows for a great deal of strategy. 




 First, having good relations with one segment of humans doesn't mean you trust humans as a whole. Being singular means those are the exceptions. 

How about this... you give me a reason for for each of the races to trust humans. Dwarves? Khadorans have tried to invade, and would do so again if they thought they had half a chance. Khadorans also cause problems with restricting their trade. Dwarves are the only ones I would even consider to be on good terms with humans, and I wouldn't really call it a "trust" based relationship. Nyss? Khadorans stole their freakin god. Humans also may (probably not, but no one can confirm either way) have something to do with why their god was dying in the first place. Plus, as refugees, I doubt they get treated like equals in common society. Gobbers? I don't think the humans' whipping boy is going to hold them in high regard. They may be a pathetic race of weasely little thieves, but that doesn't mean they like the boot that walks all over them. Trollkin? Hundreds (maybe thousands? I forget now) of years of strife, combined with the theft of their ancestral lands probably makes them a bit racist. 

But most of all, I like the idea of them being universally mistrusted, so they are. That's how running my own game works. If you don't want to play up how shitty humans are to non-humans, then don't.  




 It works fine for me. They might live among them, but I don't think that necessarily means they trust them. Also, just because you don't take a human at their word, doesn't mean you won't do what they say. In human lands, even if you don't like humans, they are still in charge.

In fact, I'll even double the penalty for creatures with mostly bad experiences with humans. 




 Only in Unleashed, but I'm definitely going to be adding it to my FMF characters. 




 Oh crap, I forgot. Since the book was released on stone tablets, there is no way to deviate from the rules as they are *literally* etched in stone.

Well, I guess he'll have to settle for games that are specifically designed for two players, since as a machine, he's completely incapable of independent thought or creativity.

Damn shame, too. Especially since Numenera *would* be my go to game for just two players if only I could make a decision for myself to, I don't know, give just one xp for intrusions instead of two, or something.

Oh well, *c'est la vie*, I suppose. 




 Well, the new Nyss bow has a -2 attack penalty, the old one didn't have one. Not that it matters for new Nyss, but it's there. 

The claymore likewise has a new penalty, and it also has an option to be wielded 1-handed option at 4 POW. 




 10g is not really a big deal, but then, I don't do bookkeeping the way some other people do.

*edit: also, keep in mind that the stats for the weapons are different in the new book too. 




 p.105:

Distrusted - Humans are poorly trusted by the denizens of the wild. As a result, human characters suffer a -1 on their non-Intimidation social rolls when dealing with characters of other races. 




 I love the penalty humans get.  




 I don't know what you mean by "just a tabletop site". You can type messages to everyone, or you can whisper people. I don't PBP, but not only could you leave shit in the chat, each campaign has their own mini-forum (which can be made available for public viewing, if you're into that kind of thing), and I'm sure that would cover most of your needs pretty well. 




 roll20.net just buffed up their mobile support *and* made it a free feature. 




 Any of the Cypher system games (Numenera, The Strange, and whatever else they've been cooking up) work great for this. It's very easy for a GM to scale encounters for one player. It's also very simple to let the player have helper npcs. In fact, GMing is so easy you will pretty much feel like you are just both playing. 

Also, maybe check out something like Cosmic Patrol. It does not require a GM. 




 In this vein, I'd say Numenera might qualify. 




 I don't remember where I read it (probably in the PP forum responses from Doug), but I'm pretty sure someone official said that a normal great coat is a lot of times incorporated into other armor types. It just doesn't do anything statistically. 




 Hah, I don't even have my players keep track of equipment. 

If it's likely that they have it, they have it. If I think them not having something they would normally have would make things more interesting, I offer them a bonus point (xp, feat, fate, w/e) for them to not have it. If it's something they aren't all that likely to have, they either don't have it, or they can give up a point (xp, feat, fate, w/e) to have it.

I just made equipment fun and easy for any system in three sentences. You are welcome, World.

*edited because I left out half a sentence. 




