 I think the more interesting thing here is knowing that it's an adenosine receptor blocker that's affecting mood and memory, not so much that it's caffeine. Caffeine does a myriad of other things (blocks some important receptors, agonizes others), but knowing that Adenosine 2A receptors mediate these effects on mood is critical to drug development of new, more specific agents. Perhaps this leads to an entirely new class of antidepressants? 




 Every process in your entire body is ultimately regulated by only 4 ions: Na+, K+, Ca2+, and Cl-. 
 




 Amusing, yet extraordinarily accurate. Unfortunately, I think "Overselling" has almost become commonplace...that is, if you want a chance at funding. Yes, sometimes what we do as scientists is esoteric and incremental - but that doesn't mean it isn't exceptionally important.  But hey, we can't all cure cancer with every grant application or paper. It's too bad we don't always just say that. 




 Baroreceptors, in this instance, likely have nothing to do with it...That's part of a autonomic circuit used to regulate heart rate and cardiac output relative to changes is BP. To my knowledge, there aren't any baroreceptors in the ocular arterioles.

Ocular vessels narrow due to something called "myogenic tone", or "pressure-induced constriction". The smooth muscle cells in these vessels are able to sense stretch caused by increases in pressure and constrict accordingly. No neural innervation is required; even a single isolated smooth muscle cell would constrict when stretched. The development of this myogenic tone protects the extremely fragile capillary bed from rupture due to high pressures, since capillaries themselves are extremely thin (1 layer of endothelial cells only) and non-contractile.

Pressure COULD get high enough to widen vessels instead, since the myogenic capability of smooth muscle reaches a plateau...but that pressure would need to be pretty dangerously high for that to happen.

I could wax poetic about how this increase in tone ultimately leads to remodeling of the vessel wall, decreased distensibility, and vascular dysfunction, but I won't...unless you want me to. (c: 




