 `Victoria Argent was a recurring character on MTV"s Teen Wolf played by Eaddy Mays. She is the late wife of Chris Argent and the mother of Allison Argent.

Since the men of the family are hunters and the women are leaders, she was in charge of the hunters in Beacon Hills. ` Read more here: http://teenwolf.wikia.com/wiki/Victoria_Argent 




 So, many people have their theories.
My guesses are:
Victoria Argent and The warden at Eichen House

This list has narrowed as the season continued, but I feel like these are strong candidates.

Care to share your theories? 
 














 Sam Trammell wasnt even in this episode. I think this may be the first episode that he ever missed on the show. Its such a waste of the character and all because of how some fans responded to him in the last book. I guess if the fans wanted Sam to be a random stranger who had no connection to Sookie, thats exactly what True Blood now turned him into. Sam Merlotte was Merlottesthe living pulse of Bon Temps. Now I dont know what he is. This just makes me sad. 




 Stop looking for monsters. Were already surrounded by them. The Strain...I loved this quote! 














 I`m glad too that it will have a second season, I`m excited about the next episodes...one thing is sure though: it`s not for faint hearted people 




 I also liked the music...it was perfect for the historical set they are trying to depict! 




 `The Knick' is a look at the professional and personal lives of the staff at New York's Knickerbocker Hospital during the early part of the twentieth century.

I think it`s a pretty good show if you dont mind blood and such. I totally buy Clive Owen as an asshole surgeon. The music is pretty awesome as well and I appreciate the setting and time in history a lot.

Have you seen it yet? What are your thoughts? 




 Yeah...I think that too! 




 I think people won`t be offended for too long...at least I hope so! 




 Yeah...me too! I think it will only go up from here! 




 Aaron McGruders Black Jesus is going to piss off a lot of people.

I love it already.
 




