 The millions of people who watch it I'd imagine.  




 For example, a lot has been written about the 'angry black woman' in shows like Survivor and The Apprentice. Every talent show seems to have a mean judge of some description. 

What are some others?
 




 Really? I'm really fascinated by the use of bossage in the bachelor's third series. 




 Here's a mirror https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RAGKl9zjs1s 




 Crank 




 Wow! Cosmo is a kind of a dick. 

 




 I have never seen the female version of any of these articles before. Do you have examples? 

  




 So long as we get [](#s "babies getting lethally injected and popped down the garbage chute, I'm happy!") 









 I like it! Still, he was the aggressor.  




 Godzilla was kind of a dick. 

The Muto were just trying to reproduce and feed, perfectly natural behaviour that we humans, like ants, got in the way of. 

Godzilla on the other hand came out of nowhere, killed the creatures and went home. He didn't even feed on them like a real 'apex predator' would have. 

Team Muto. 




 I'm glad it is just not me.  




 If you liked Payback you should read the original novel, Parker or event the amazing graphic novel. Do NOT see the Jason Statham version. 




 Maybe you might like to rewatch some of your favourites. I'm sure you've some great films that would be worth a second look. 









 Great to see an original film that isn't a squeal or an adaptation or a reboot smashing it.

(or a sequel to a reboot of an adaptation like TASM2) 




 Not so sure that decades of homophobia can be put to rest by a stand up comedian, an urban dictionary link and a meme.

You should have included a link to that south park episode.

 




 To annoy homophobes like you two? 




 Of course it is our concern, OP might not have considered whether it was a good idea or not before posting. bi-work was pointing that out.  




 I keep hearing about young girls really being into Thor. Aside from the fact he is very pretty, anyone know why?



 




 Is Starbucks terrible coffee by American standards? 




 Name ONE inaccuracy in that movie. Just ONE. 




 Quarantine has the final shot of the movie in the trailer and in the poster. 




 I googled 2319 expecting something gross. That was quite sweet.  




 Not film, but a friend of mine just got very angry on twitter because of the unrealistic portrayal of copyright law in the final episode of Season 1 of Orphan Black. 




 Large sections of the Bangladeshi community took exception to the films portrayal of Bangladeshi history and launched a campaign to downvote it.

That has done nothing but raise the film's profile, turning the campaign into a classic example of the Streisand Effect. 

  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gunday#Reaction_about_portrayal_of_Bangladesh.27s_independence 




 Toby breaks my heart.  




 Tarantino in Django Unchained 




 False. The best prank was the coins in the phone.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PcoIMyU9bE4#t=34 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-5OABcNfX0 




 No, it's like, ironic, racism. Which is entirely acceptable.  




 I think I'm just used to watching HISHE videos and think "Hey! That's right! It SHOULD have ended that way!" 




 [Lego Movie Spoilers -](#s "Wasn't the point of the film that they weren't Batman, Superman and Wonder Woman but they were those characters through the eyes of a child playing with Lego? The whole message of the film was about creativity and not sticking to the rules/instructions. In Flynn's world, Superman could be beaten by gum and Emmett was the hero.") 




 Thanks!  




 How about Northern Beaches? I've not been there but I've heard tales. 




 Read widely and question what you do read I guess. 




 Not at all, just 'uncultured' 




 I'm trying to figure out where I'd go to find jet ski owning, fake tan wearing, new money types?

What suburb would I find the highest density of cashed up bogans? 




 The best books I have read on writing have been anthologies of short essays by famous writers offering their own experiences and opinions. 

If I tell you...I'll have to kill you is a great book on crime writing but 14 great Australian crime writers. 




 One tip I was given for reading books on writing is to feel free to ignore all and any advice given. 

Others like McKee and Campbell make very compelling arguments and it can be very easy to fall into cult like adoration of their theories.  




 I did a google image search for Moon Harvester to find a screenshot and found this sweet series of, non movie related pics 

http://www.digdang.com/media/images/harvesting_moon_9198.jpg 




 Hey everyone! It's celebrity rapist and wife beater Mike Tyson!  




 Space Wolf http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EC1C0lH1SqM 




 At the end of pretty much every sentence! 

It should read more like this.

With pretty much every sentence on a new line. 




 I do jump back and forth on occasion but problems occur often when I don't.

For example, I added a fullstop to this page in visual editor and this is what happened.

http://www.conman.com.au/?p=2510 




 Wordpress, I believe the visual editor, keeps removing linebreaks from some of my posts.

Sometimes it removes everything leaving me with a single block of text.

Sometimes it removes all line breaks from just tables.

I've searched high and low and not been able to find a solution.

http://www.conman.com.au/?cat=28

 




 Particularly because his films could all so easily be be terrible. 




 Robert Zemeckis. 

1994 Forrest Gump 

1992 Death Becomes Her 

1990 Back to the Future Part III 

1989 Back to the Future Part II 

1988 Who Framed Roger Rabbit 

1985 Back to the Future 

1984 Romancing the Stone 

I know a few people wouldn't including Death Becomes Her and others would expand the list to include Contact and Used Cars. 




 1. O (2001) 
1. AKA. (2003)
1. Ada.(1961) 
1. Hannah (1997)
1. Eve. (1968) 
1. xXx. (2001)
1. Mom (1991)
1. R.O.T.O.R. (1988)
1. Live Evil (2009)
1. Palindromes (2004) 




 **1.Layer Cake (2003)**

2.Mixed Nuts (1994)

3.Chocalat (1999)

4.Milk (2008)

5.Sugar   Spice (2001)

6.Butter (2011)

7.Stir Crazy (1980)

8.Half Baked (1997)

9.Some Like It Hot (1959)

10.You Got Served (2004) 




 Definitely. That's exactly my intention.  




 Thanks! 




 Awesome!  




 They are in alphabetical order. 




 If Scott305310 isn't trying to swindle /r/scams users, then I'll eat my fedora.

Single use account suggests class action lawsuit against large target to community of people containing many victims of fraud? 




 You're with the accused pedophile? 




 Nah, it's just you.  




 Greetings Comrades!

You thought we'd forgotten you didn't you? What with comedy festival and the terrible weather and the crushing minutia of every day life.

Well we haven't! Here we are with an amazing line up of variety just for you on this cold winter's night. So come down, have a toasty warm cider and get some variety into you.


Featuring...

LUKA MULLAR - One of Yawp magazines "comedians to watch out for"

BEN SHELDON - Have you mind bent by one of Australia's best young magicians.

CLARA CUPCAKE - Sweet as sugar and just as bad for you Burlesque performer. 

STRAWBERRY WILSON - Smooth tunes to get you in the mood. For what? It's up to you.

With your host

NICK KESIDIS - Variety Collective's resident street magician and all round swell guy.

All tickets $10
Doors open at 7:30pm

The Brunswick Green 
313 Sydney Road,
Brunswick
POSTS 









 Lemon juice maybe? 




 Is Jive Bunny pissed you stole his schtick?  




 What is the most painful thing you've ever stepped on? 









 Can't tell if this thread is full of 1950's comedians or bitter neck beards.... 




 Amazing film. Glad it's starting to get it is dues. 




 I respect your opinion but Very Bad Things is one of very few films that I out and out hated. 




 Marlon Brando as a japanese man in The Teahouse of the August Moon.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XU42uHtmw7o 




 John Wayne as Gengis Khan

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Kpv1kqjvpw 




 The Mexican was sold as a Brad Pitt and Julia Roberts love story. In reality, the spend very little time together on screen.

http://ia.media-imdb.com/images/M/MV5BNDE0NzM4ODIwMV5BMl5BanBnXkFtZTcwNTI1MzEyMQ@@._V1_SY317_CR5,0,214,317_.jpg

 




 They have to be. They just have to. It's the only way I can go on.  




 Good to know. I was saying to the wife the other day, 'hey honey? You have any idea what swimcris thinks about completely unimportant bullshit? 'Cos I'd really wish he'd let us know.' 




 I love the idea that there will be a generation of kids who grow up hating comic book superheros because they're parents dragged them along to Marvel movies and dressed them in stupid t-shirts when all they wanted was to learn piano and go to Sunday school.  




 I fell for every single line. 




 That's my hood! 




 Sorry, that won't work.

The mentos reaction occurs because the surface of mentos are covered in tiny simples. Each dimples serves as a nucleation point for carbon dioxide in the coke. The gas gathers around each little dimple making a bubble.

If the dimples are filled with water/ice then you'll get no bubbles.

Try filling a DRY glass with coke. You get lots of foam because there is lots of dust and other imperfections. Now fill a WET glass with coke. Very few bubbles.

Stupid jerk science ruining my fun. 




 97 out of 100 rapists receive no punishment.

http://www.rainn.org/news-room/97-of-every-100-rapists-receive-no-punishment  




 Yes. Absolutely.  




 There's a lot of strings visible in Dance Magic Dance 




 I'd love to see Labyrinth with CGI, not to add anything but just a few tweaks to remove some of the visible strings and poorly done blue screen work.

Also, make bowie's bulge 3D 




 I thought the son was Daniel Mcpherson from Neighbours and couldn't figure out what was wrong with him. 




 Yes! It's the only blemish on a near perfect film. 




 You shut your damn mouth sir/madam.

That film was lovingly hand animated. Each frame consists of layer upon layer of beautifully rendered art.

It is a homage to classic animation that has stood the test of time better than any CGI.

You sir/madam, are worse than ~~Hitler~~ George Lucas. 




 When I saw The Sixth Sense, I didn't even know that the boy saw dead people, let alone the twist.  




 I like that if you say Beer Can in a posh English accent it sound likes Bacon in Jamacian.  




 I'm sad to say that Mel Gibson is an American. Born there, lives there. He had him for a few years when he was not too crazy but that's about it. 




 I've never understand why Americans think Australians speak like South Africans. Robert Downey Junior in Tropic Thunder gets it. Why can't the rest of youse?  




 David Gale: So, basically, you feel, to choose another quote, 'society must be cleansed of elements which represent its own death.'
Governor Hardin: Well, yes. I'd have to agree. Did I say that too?
David Gale: No, that was Hitler.
 




 Spoiler tag needed there. 




 Which is why you'll probably die angry and alone.  




 In our society, we tend to define women as either Madonna's or Whores. They are perfect angels or harlots. Either of those roles plus a few kilograms is a funny image and easy for douchebags to mock. 




 You made my night fadumpt  




 *that's

Details. :) 




 I'm not really interested in ranking them. Even the weakest film is still pretty damn good. 

Also, each move builds on the strengths of that which went before. By itself, The Avengers would be a bit of a mess. Wait? Who is this doctor and why is everyone scare of of him? Why is turning into a monster? There is a norse GOD and no one is surprised? 

But, as a part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, it's amazing, a calumniation of years of work and billions of dollars invested. 

There really has been nothing like it in the history of cinema.
 
  




 Everytime they called the song that I wanted to shout 'IT'S CALLED SPACE ODDITY YOU FOOL!" 




 But...why? 




 My concern is that I'm not sure WHY the character is speaking like this. Obviously, I don't know the context but, as it stands, it could mean many things.  




 Sentences like this, my head is hurt by. 




 I'm really upset. They've really stripped the dignity away from the nineties masterpiece. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFLGRidfFo4  




 "The Godfather, A Place In The Sun, Dodsworth, Galaxy Questthese are perfect films" - David Mamet 




 

http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/1r1xfy/my_friends_got_me_some_of_those_danish_cookies_it/ 




 As I mentioned in another thread, a good twist is one were the twist is entirely natural and, in hindsight, makes perfect sense but still blindsides the reader. 

In most cases, a good twist also changes how we FEEL rather than what we know. For example, we HATE the evil Jekyll in Jekyll   Hyde and feel for the put upon doctor. When we find out they are the same man, it changes how we feel about the two characters.  

Chuck Palanuik reused that same twist in Fight Club but, because he changed how we felt about the characters, in felt fresh and not cliched.

There are many stories in which we learn the hero is, in reality, dead. The only successful ones are those in which we care about the hero and his or her plight. 

 




 My editor described this to me as 'gotcha' moments rather than 'a-ha' moments. 

A 'gotcha' moment is one where the audience is surprised with a new piece of information that they could not have seen coming, one that appear as if from nowhere. For example, the end of the 2001 Planet of the Apes film. 

An 'a-ha!' moment is one where the twist or development is surprisingly but, with the benefit of hindsight, makes perfect sense. For example, in the original Jekyll and Hyde, the twist that the two men were, in fact, one, is laid out through out the text. 

 




 He finished his shift, locked the doors and left. His boss didn't relieve him. 




 Probably not on reddit...
 




 No it hasn't. It's still used as a derogatory word against gay people. Just because a bunch of sheltered teenagers have decided to claim the word as an all purpose insult, doesn't make it not homophobic.  




 If you don't think the person you're trying to insult is gay and you don't have a problem with gay people, why would you use a word that is specifically designed to insult gay people? 

"Hey look, a horse."

"That's a dog, not a horse."

"Urgh, horse doesn't mean horse anymore, it means dog."

"Fuck you, you little self-entitled shit."  




 God yes, this. 




 http://th00.deviantart.net/fs71/150/f/2010/137/4/b/Hell__s_Angles_by_JesusDeSaad.jpg 




 ALL OF THEM!  




 It's definately the best of the prequels. 




 You opinion is unpopular round these parts
 




 I like it less the more I think about it.  




 ooh! That would have been good! Slow fade on a frozen [](#s "Anna, having died at the hand of her sister. The rest of the cast look on, broken hearted. Spring shall never come.") 




 Mine is Crystal Skull. I think they used re-release the other three with updated CGI and...I can't keep a straight face.  




 I LOVED Spring Breakers.  




 Atlas Shrugged doesn't deserve one movie. 

 




 I always find something I like about them. And I always feel challenged.  




 I'd have to agree. The best moments are lifted from the original. That said, even an average Scorsese is a great film 




 That's it! Thank you so much! 

 




 Hooray!  




 In one book, the hero is living in the snowy woods. In others, a brother and sister are the heroes. 

They collect small, magic rocks with holes in them of various types. Some may have been wood.

The books are old, mid 70's, I think.

Sorry, that's all I have. 




 They're all historically incorrect.  




 I wish I was a taller.  









 Some elements remind me of rainbow
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0114228/

 




 y e s ? 




 The word orient is a western word meaning 'East'. The word is problematic because a) not all of Asia is in the 'east'. b) it is very Eurocentric as it refers to a place only it's location compared with Europe. c)  No one says Oriental anymore. It's like the word Negro. More old fashioned than racist.  




 Do you know how to use spoiler tags? It is very easy!  [](#s "Look to the right for instructions!") 









