 We are sad country indeed. 




 A win for the train to nowehere. 




 I love that outfit on your cat. 




 Yummy!
 




 Why we do need more red light camers infringing our civil liberties. 




 While we do not have a lot of jazz venues, Steamers is an excellent jazz club venue that gets a quality-acts.

 




 Bad move for the Dodgers, Good move for the Padres. 




 Why we should care?  The agency should be defunded anyways. 




 Giving up South means that you are giving up favorable demographic trends that going your way.  

Changing the minds of white Southern voters will be hard, but it can be done if you run a socially conservative, but a person who supports the economic views of Bernie Sanders or Elizabeth Warren could win down there.  Pick up the black and hispanic vote and you have winner.  

In reality, a conservative Christian who properly follows the views of Christ teachings (in my opinion) would be socially conservative on abortion and other issues, but side with Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders on economic issues. Bascially, that is what the current Pope Francis's view. 




 Not me.  Sanders or Warren who are the people that I will vote for. 




 It shows that they want a cabal of rich people to run the country. 




 That is what happened in those sneaky omnibus billa. 




 One group of people vanish from Existence right now would be the Koch Brothers. 




 The facts of the story demonstrate that the man is mentally disable.  The problem is the law where the bar is set too high claiming mental disablity.  The death penalty should be reserved for cold-blooded killers not for mentally

Governors have a fear to commute sentences because they fear a conservative, bloodthirsty electorate.  Instead of fearing the conservative electorate, do what is right and commute the sentence. Or better yet, commute all of the sentences on death row if you cannot trust the courts to do its job.

The death penalty works when the bar is set high for the death penalty and there are more commutations than executions.  And then real cold blooded killers who deserve will get what they deserve.  




 If you really interested in getting involve, please go to http::// ocprogressiveevents.info

There is a progressive community out there.  You just need to go that website. 




 I need to warn my roommate about your plight.  He thinks that he is going to have it easy when he graduates from RN schools.  He should be cautious that the market will not be so smooth sailing. 




 I have same the problem, but I normally move my eyes back and fore to stim myself. Another method is that I randomly surf the internet to deal with thensions 




 Well, it will be interesting to see what Chris Christie does now that he no has to worry about be tarnished by Bridgegate.   




 But you have to weigh the consequences of drinking.  Drinking can leave to DUI and possible jail time. 




 Please spare us. It just way to spike ratings. 




 Do these people care about the health of other people? At the expense of violation of some "strict interpretation" of the constitution.  Then, where were these people when Citizens United was passed.

Lets get honest here.  You are only "strict constitiutionalist" unless it meets  




 I always wear a conservative combination of a polo shirt and dress pants.  I also clean shaven and get my haircut monthly in a #2 cut.

I could careless about label, but I am interested in looking, neat, and presentable whereever I go.  My circle of friends could careless about labels, but also cares that you do not dress as a slob.

Being trendy is too hard for somebody with autism unless you keep up styles.  If you were really want to really learn about style, go to /r/ malefashionadvice or make check it out GQ or Esquire on a weekly basis for male fashion trends.  




 The best way is to get a psychologist trained in autism that is experience with autism and to set up a conference with the employer to discuss reasonable accommodations in the workplace.

The other way is to enter a job training program especially suited for Asperger's.  They are very, very hard to find. I am in one but only because my parents knew somebody and you have to live in the Orange County, CA to be in it. 




 Dude, it is a called a "crush".  NTs have them all of the time. That is completely normal. 




 Yeah, then Alec should be stopped at all costs.  




 The culture that failed to prosescute torture is the same culture that fail to prosecute banks and police officers.  That is why BUsh and Cheney should have prosecuted because the Obama administration would have the courage to prosecute the corrupt police 

Real justice would have been
Dick Cheney = Life Sentence Without Parole
George Bush = 25 years + 3 years post-release supervision

Then we could have gone Lloyd Bankfield, Vikram Pandit, and James Dimon for banking fraud with terms of years between twenty to fourty year plus five years of post-release supervision.
 




 Go away Landrieu! Lets elect a real democrat to replace them. 




 A lot of people call him a racial huckster. 




 My old AA sponsor told me this is worth going to.  Highly worth it. 




 One way that I learn on my own is by animals.  Having a animal like a dog and showing it constant love and affection is a good way to train yourself on how to show love and affection to the opposite sex especially hugging, touching, and cuddling. I still have a real hard time showing sexual assertiveness  




 I had the same trouble.  I had a psychologist who gave me advice but I never engage in his advice because my Aspie stubbornness made me more interest in my web surfing than watching TV and reading books that would help increase my understanding of NT emotions. 




 Which I do not understand from the GOP.  The GOP could fully fund their tax cuts by zapping defense budget if lower taxation is their primary goal over balanced budget. (Note: You cannot have both). 




 No, the ghetto of the OC is 

1. The apartments on Standard St in Santa Ana
2.  The area near Beach and Ball
3. Certain neighborhoods near between Bristol/17th and Bristol/1st.

This is based on personal experience. I do not know all of the neighborhoods of Santa Ana and Anaheim.  But those areas I have been where it get skecthy late at night
 And No, Lake Forest is not a ghetto  




 He is nuts! 




 Boo! 




 I think so if it is on a Sunday.   




 This one of the few reasons for supporting the Keystone XL pipeline.  But the pipeline should not be built anyways because it involves that the tar sands oil which pollute the environment. 




 I think Texas should be told that the death penalty should be banned.  While I like the speed that they get guilty executed, there are too many cases where 

If the governor had an active history of commuting/pardoning death sentences, then I would have agree with Texas approach.

I support the death penalty but I also aware that they are many cases that where innocence does occur.  If I were a politician, I would have no problem commuting death sentences.  In my state (California), they are too slow to execute the guilty so victims get no justice waiting for a death sentence.  I think California should just scrap death penalty and make it life without parole.  

If state has too much of history of executing innocent or mentally ill inmates, then its death penalty should be scrapped. In conclusion, I have no problem executing the guilty, but I also have a real problem with executing the mentally ill or innocent. Too many Southern governors are the type who inject the needle and ask questions later.  Also, lethal injections take longer execute people than short-drop hanging in Iran so maybe we should just scrap the whole concept of the death penalty in the first place. 




 What is the point of using cursive except for signing documents. 




 Well, then why not bring back Adrian Peterson then? 




 Knowing this guy, it is a bunch of BS. I just do not trust him. 




 That is why we should fight these guys.  We did so in Bosnia or Kosovo.  




 How about offering a class in personal finance?  I bet better financial literacy would helped people made better economic decisions. 




 That is too big of an ass for my tastes. 




 Being endless twelve-step meetings has taught to be vulnerable without losing confidence in oneself.  The idea is that learning that you have character flaws like everybody else and it is okay to admit your problems as long you intend to work on yourself.  Every great leader has vulnerabilities.  Look at the bible.  Every biblical figure has great spiritual traits but also fatal flaws.  Look at David and Solomon.  They were never perfect.
 




 Then why should trust our companies ability to fight war.  The political class seems has to lost sight of this. 




 The real systemic problem is that police procedures are written to allow this to happen.  The jury has too much discretion in determining whether there was allowable use of force.  The officer has too much discretion allowing him to do this.  The rules need to be tightened to narrow officers ability for using of lethal force.  Violations of the law can result in criminal prosecution for involuntary manslaughter.  The activist class cries for justice, but does not look at the real reason which is the lax police procedures for use of force in this case. 

If the grand jury testimony is to believe, the officer should use had use a nightstick, pepper spray, or better yet, a tazer.  I have watched a bunch of episodes of COPS and the officers on this show (who are well trained) would use the taser.  If this guy had a taser and did not use it, than I would vote him guilty for involuntary manslaughter.  Unfortunate, none of the stories that i read this morning failed to mention that. 




 1.  This is because big business lacks the internal controls to properly self-monitor itself and needs detail guidance from the government on how to do so.
2.  Government provides too much regulation to business instead of just saying "no" to a business practice and not permitting that practice in the first place.  Just saying "no" might be cheaper to a business than 'Yes can do this, but there is billion of rules to follow".  Maybe, business would rather have the practice outright banned and not paying the money to comply with regulation that allows them to engage in the practice but have all kinds of hoops to jump through in order to engage in the allowed pratice. 




 This is what you get from the GOP.  Care about big tax breaks for billionaries and try to create a cult of worship around the CEO and big business.   

What we need to realize in society that there needs to arms-length distance between government and big business.  Big business and government need to coexist, but need to be independent from each other because it is job of big business to create the consumer and industrial goods for this country and it is job of the government to regulate the excesses of capitalism.  It seems that our country seems have to lost the properly distinguish the difference between the two. 




 I am not a big fan of the ARTIC. 




 Probably a deeply misunderstood individual. Still, I do not think this individual made his remarks in the proper context and the GOP cannot afford to have individuals who do not properly understand the cultural context of their remarks in leadership positions 




 I guess the US is being cut out now.   




 The GOP wants do nothing on this issue and they are take down the entire economy at the expense on making some guys wealthy in the short-term.  What a bunch of schmucks. 




 Benghazi was a just a conspiracy used to drive GOP turnout at the polls and making the Republicans have avoiding their views on the real issues. 




 Because it takes the pressure off Assad and prevents his regime from being overthrown. 




 Jail her for life. 




 Because this is what you elect the GOP.  The NC GOP does not care about you. It only cares about big business and its wealthy donors. 




 I wonder if this their last stand. 




 Imagine ten years from now when all of these countries have to fight over resources from climate change.  There will be rivers of blood as far as the eye can see. 




 The entire Middle East is burning up right now.  I wonder if there will be some huge regional war in the near future. 




 What is this merits of this stupid lawsuit?  It shows that they have no interest in legislating.  There is a lot that could be done even with this crazy GOP Congress, but they choose to do nothing. 




 That guy seems to have "foot-in-mouth" syndrome for making such remarks. 




 Remember. It is just satire.  Matt Groening has used the Simpsons to skew all things in Americana in Burning Man. 




 He would get a life sentence in California. 15 to Life.  He should get a 16 to 24 year sentence for what he did. 




 I dialed 911 because somebody who was epileptic had a seizure in my recovery house today. It turned out that the guy had a meth pipe in his possession. Go figure this one.

The firefighters and all of the first responders came.  The guy was rushed from the hospital and most likely is going to get a long lecture from the landlord.  Then he will be given the boot.
 




 What is bs is this guy spewing? 




 30-75 years sentence for these fools. 




 Who is this chick? 




 Awesome! 




 Wow. I thought that he was one of the better GOP Southern governors.  I guess my assumptions are not true. 




 Isn't Ted Cruz is the leader of this group and the better candidate of this group than Huckabee.  There is no way that I would ever, ever give my vote to Huckabee or Cruz, but I just feel that Huckabee is just a retread. 




 This is a bogus requirement by the state.  This is a strictly faith-based organization designed for the fellowship of bible-believing Christians.  There are few student organizations that specifically cater to the spiritual needs of bible-believing, conservative Christians at a public university.  
I was a former member of InterVarsity Christian fellowship in the 90s.  Even though I am a no longer professing Christian, I still think this is a bogus requirement because I know what InterVarsity really stands for and this CSU bureaucrats have no clue what the organization's real purpose.  And it has nothing to do with politics.

Bible believing Christians are often a tiny minority on campus and often need to find place to make friends and fellowship.  I was in similar circumstances in 1996 when I attended Cal State Fullerton because I had few friends.  InterVarsity provided me place to find friends and make friends. 




 There are bogus charges that should be thrown out.  




 You got to be kidding. Even very liberal countries like Sweden and Norway have women's prison, what planet is this women on. 




 The real problem is that people just do not have money to spend because all of the wealth trickles to the top.  How you get the rid of that problem is a million dollar question because it would take a large segment of the US voting population to vote against their own prejudices and beliefs, even voting in that format would be in their best interest.  Also, it means that you would have electorate that would ignore all of the campaign ads and actually would research the issues/candidates.. 




 Would that not be the comment about Raw as well? 




 I definitely agree with him.  Students need to get engage in more voting to protect this democracy. 




 Depends on your professor's personality.  Some professor's might decide to laugh it off.  Others might cringe at it.

 




 Didn't they close this trail for a reason? Just to prevent stuff like this happening? Yet, people still disobey the law.  I am concerned about this, but they were forewarned about this in advance. 




 This has to be a joke. 




 Why do they give him 62 jails for torturing a dog? He should sent to straight to the big house. 




 Yes, you can get progressive radio on the Internet.  Download the AM 950 app on I-Phpne. It is radio station for Minnesota that streams all of the major progressive raido stations.  In addition, you can stream Thom Hartmann's show at thomhartmann.com 




 No there is this station. It is Pacifica station, that is close as progressive as you can get.
KPFT
 




 Crazy 




 Well, even though he does a help for protecting free speech online, it is still wrong to hack into computer for the purposes of personal enrichment  




 I wonder how it long it take to pay off the Iraq/Afghanistan War debt/ 200 years? 




 Well, Isn't that why we locked up Johnthan Pollard for all those years? 




 SImple solution.  Make everything go brown unless it is drought-resistant.  Go look at any street in Arizona and you do not see lavish greenbelts like you do in Southern California. The lavish greenbelts are going to have to die out.  

Southern California can support its current population as long people are willing to accept a barren landscape.
 




 Corporations are not going to increase wages until the tax system is changed to place a disincentive on certain behavior  For example, every time that corporation use cashes to purchase its shares back, it is taxed for it.

Most people do not have a fundamental understanding of economics and how government work.  We can argue whether Austrian or Keynesian economics is better.  But the average voter does not so they are vote based on feeling or not vote it.  A vote for the GOP is basically sending the message. "We are tired of Congressional Gridlock and we want the GOP the opportunity to pass its economic agenda"  However, voters should understand the economic consequences of that vote, but really do not have a clue what the economic consequences of their vote really is. 




 This is US national news.  Please put in US national news under /r/ news. 




 Sounds like a false conspiracy theory to me. 




 In the US, you would never see this happen by placing a murder in a low security prison. 




 Sad to hear that people have to resort to such desperate measures. 




 That has to be a way that Shariah law allows for human rights. Or maybe does not and the Iranian needs to get off their dependence on an ancient legal system that is old, decrepit, and does not lead true to justice to victims or defendants. 




 Thanks for the advice. 




 Sorry to hear about it, hope your brother finds it. 




 I have never been impressed with Hillary Clinton. 




 He is certainly missing out on you. 




 Such sweet dogs. 




 Funny. 




 I still think that Burqa deprive women of their rights and is mainly done for men who have very backwards views on women. 




 Dragon Warrior. 




 I thought they were supposed to be the "good cops" 




 Is he that radioactive? 




 One way you drive money away from politics is to create a special appropriation line item in the federal budget - "Funding for Federal Campaigns and Elections".  All of the money used for federal elections for both President and Congress would come from that special appropriation.  It will never happen though.
 




 I do not care how the employer can go. I want a job no matter how much the employer pays.
 




 Nice place to walk the dog. 




 You might want to seek out some advice in /r/ jobs.  




 Another dumb liberal gaffe. 




 How many days in jail that he actually spends.  Let me bet that actually means 12 days (120 days * 10% of time served).   He will probably do time in a city jail so he will actually do the sixty days.

In OC, he would do sixty days in jail whether he was in the county jail or a city jail. It is ridiculous that criminals only have to do 10% of their effective jail sentence in jail in LA County jails.  I do believe in early release parole (1/3 of the county jail sentence but you would have to voted by a county board of parole) for sentence over 90 days, but not automatic release for only serving 10% of your sentence.  




 No wonder why the Sunnis support ISIS with the Shia doing stuff like this. 




 Why should we give them right to snoop even more? The answer is no. No, you do not deserve the right to snoop more because Edward Snowden proves that you violate the civil liberties of Americans. 




 That would be a tedious job. 




 Bus running at 1AM? I guess Portland has better public transit than Orange County.  There are only four buslines that run until 1:00 AM on the OCTA. 




 War Crimes! 




 So cute! 




 That is why probably a lot of old men watch Fox News and spend a lot of time on conservative activism (at here in the US). 




 If you are in recovery or a member of a church, there is will never be a problem. 




 Bad link. 




 In my opinion, people should be waned about the consequences of not finishing their education and the amount of debt that they are placed in.  University of Phoneix are designed for people who schedule's do not permit them to attend the traditional university structure and need to get a degree in accelerated of period of time.

Also, traditional public schools are have impacted programs where it i is difficult for people to get into competitive programs due massive amount of people who want to enroll them. 

These companies are supposed to be for the student who needs a schedule where a traditional university does not meet their needs or the students who is in impacted major and needs to get the degree as quick as possible. Unless a student fits in two these categories and who has been counselled about the cost of the program, a student should not enroll in these classes.
   




 First, you got put Bush and Cheney for war crimes than Obama.  It is only fit that they go first because they created the entire mess that twe are only in.   




 I would pick Jeopardy because it the game that I do best on. 




 I saw that guy on the freeway on Sunday. 




 Fuck. I would be drinking too if I were in your boat and I was not in recovery.  Its worth a fucking drink. 




 Nice photo!
 




 $19.9 million for house in the OC. That is obscene wealth. 




 I would recommend living in Costa Mesa over by 17th Street / Newport. Lot of bars and clubs.  Nice play to live.  A lot of young people live there. 




 Accounttemps /Robert Half is the largest agency locally.  There is also Randstand, Volt, Accounting Principles, Accounting Advantage, Beacon Staffing,, and also Nelson. 




 What a tragedy! 




 It is cult of death. Off with your heads is a sacrifice to their false God of the Koran.   




 Why does LA have a problem with this. 




 We have no privacy these days, so what is else new. 




 How about cracking on all those hit and run deaths? LA seems to have a lot of them. 




 Mine is #ThereGoesMy401K. 




 A Chippendales outfit. 




 Because of we have a Constitution. 




 It should be tied to one's cost living in the particular area.  California should have $11.00 minimum wage because most of the state lives in high-cost areas. In Texas, which is lower-cost state, the cost living is much lower so the minimum wage should be $9.00.

The idea of an $15.00 minimum wage is ludicrous.  I think the real problem is that employers are too cheap in giving lower-wage workers cost of living and merit increases for time of service and high quality of performance. 




 Sentence is too high.  Should have gotten 30 years for the crime.  A person who would throw his wife off the building and plan to kill his life would have gotten 25 to life.  Premeditated murder is worse than this crime.

Unless of course this guy had two strikes, than the sentence is totally justified. 




 What is your budget like?  I went to several rehabs in the OC.  I give you a list of places but it depends on the budget. 




 I wonder if Boeing is going to screw up pricing on this like the Delta Rocket.  Google Delta IV site:bloomberg.com to find out more.
 




 What about trying to portray yourself as emotional? 




 I would state it would be easy just to set a shop at the local Starbucks and just observe the women that come in and out of the store.  I could be work of number of computer projects, writing blogs, or reading the news, and if I find a chick that meets my criteria than boom. If you find a girl that looks a particulary interesting, than maybe say something to her.  This is probably the best place for people like to meet girls because I am a recovered alcoholic (with 18 months clean)  and prefer not going to bars. 




 This is an example of the kind of tactics that turns off people towards the environmental movement. 




 I would to go to a psychologist with PHD who specializes in ADHD who have significant knowledge of medication.  After meeting with the psychologist, it will be easier to consult with the psychiatrist. 




 Long Beach Library.  They blast the air all day in there. 




 Sweet little thing. 




 I adore huskies! 




 It should be banned for moral purposes. 




 That is art and not porn. 




 This stuff just makes me angry.  Makes me want to send the killers to the gallows for stuff like this. 




 The reason why the guy got 45 years was because it was his second strike and therefore, the sentence would have been 22.5 years if he had no prior strike.

 




 What about doing at least a year in jail?  Even normal US parole rules requires offenders to do 1/3 calendar time before able to apply for parole. In some states, you have do at least 85% of the sentence.  I heard in the Netherlands, you have to 2/3 of the time. 




 Go blow it! Ted Cruz! 




 Long Beach Community College is probably your best bet on affordable housing in the area.  Alternatives would include Fullerton College or Santa Ana College. However, when attending any of three schools, you have to be very careful which neighborhood that you select.   




 These guys are so sick and repugnant.  




 Are our leaders crazy? Do we have supposed massive deficits that prevent us from entering into another foreign war? 




 Disagree,  Watch this and found why 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dP1_TVbJbsk
 




 I think ISIS is more interested in expending its resources in stating a sucessful Islamic empire in the Middle East instead of trying to put a off massive 9/11 type attack.  If they do attack, it will some lone wolf inspired by ISIS to do a Boston Marathon style attack.   I would be real concern about than a real coordinated, precise effort.  There are plenty of young Islamists will to do a suicide bombing at a crowded even. And ISIS seems to be real good job of getting recruits from Western Nations and that is what we need to be where of. 




 I heard Lake Perris is a good spot. 




 Well, I know the issue. 




 Brutal crime, but still does not meet the standard of life sentence.  By Texas standards, this should have been a 30 year sentence but a not a life sentence because there was no intent to commit capital murder. 




 Should school districts be able to do this? 




 Some guy on the Route 43 told me about it and I decide to post the route for those who live in La Habra. 




 Cops going overboard. 




 Why would an atheist want to work at a faith-based organizations whose missions statement is contrary to both the LGBTQ and humanistic world view? It would be last place that I want to work except for telemarketing company. 




 That is his personality. It is better used when he was working at MSNBC and yelling George Bush and Dick Cheney for lying to us into the Iraq War.
 




 Yeah, DUIs suck. It land on the OCTA for a long time. Look at me. 




 That person should not to be twerking. 




 My lawyer friend is pretty good. Call him at 818-995-4367 and mentioned that Crisco gave you a referral . 




 Based on my experience on the churches,from first-hand accounts of my friends (I am Unitarian Universalist so my selection of churches is a lot more narrower than other people) 

1. Sanctuary- a good biblical church based on 
2. The Crossing
3. First Love
From First-Hand Experience
4. The Effect in San Juan Capistrano
5. Aliso Creek Presbyterian Church
6. Reverance Chruch 

Church Number #5. I went to for five years before turning officially agnostic/atheist
Church Number #6- I never went to this church except for one time but the pastor is an excellent teacher of scripture.

I am UU because I have issues with Christianity based on science and historical facts but not theology (I am moderate conservative Reformed Christian with progressive political/social leanings if I am a believer.).  The UU church fits my current belief system better than a Christian church so that is why I am a UU and not a Christian.


 




 My average recently is about 140-180 MB per day. 




 The easier solution: Just force $3.00 tax on gasoline (except for fuel purchased for commercial purposes) and use it fund public transit projects.  That will people off the road. 




 ISIS=Nazis. 




 It might be your social cues that you are not even aware of.  I have autism and I probably send a lot of social cues to people that I am not where of. 




 Now I find this hypocritical. At least pay your interns minimum wage.  




 Why would you like to join? 




 Not everybody does. Go read any US conservative publication (The Blaze, National Review, American Thinkers, and others) and you will find Pro-Israel stuff.  Also check out the Jerusalem Post as well. 




 Crash of 2016? 




 He did $10,000 of dental work for me.  He is a very nice dentist and good guy. 




 Dr, Ronald Takai.  Expensive. But excellent dentist. 




 The CIA needs tobee  definitely starved off resources.  It needs to do more with less. 




 I never grew out of Atheism.  I never was an atheist. I am agnostic. 




 Great Analysis!
 




 The real problem is that all these young men turn to Islam is the same reason why African-American and Latin Americans turn to ethnic-based gangs.  Both do so because there is few economic opportunties and joining a group like ISIS gives them a sense of purpose when the rest of society does not give D#W$W#$ about them. 




 DUIs do kill people. Do not drink and drive. 




 Pure beauty! 




 I could definitely have your tits rub my nice thick cock on your books and make me cum.  You are certainly worth it. 




 De La Soul is great! 




 It is time to defund the NSA and cut its budgets by 30%. 




 These are real terrorists.  If they would have the ability to attack America, they would.  They are worse than Al-Quada in my opinion.,  




 Actually, it is not bad.  I have gotten work the last two days just by unloading trucks.  The only thing that sucks that you have to be down there at 5:30 AM in the morning.   




 If you are absolutely desperate for a job, go to Labor Ready in Costa Mesa.  They will put you to work immediately once you complete their registration process.  There are also telemarkets galore in the OC, but unless sales are your thing, I would not recommend it.  I am working for Labor Ready part-time because my part time job fell though and even though I work in the mainly in administrative and accounting fields, those jobs are harder to get. 




 Greyhound all the way.  I use it to visit my friends in SD and use it whenever I have job interviews in San Diego. The MTS in San Diego is a wonderful public transit system. 




 I love to adopt her if I could.  But I just do not have the time to take care of her o space to keep herr.  I think a lot of us  feel the same way as well. 




