  No one in this entire thread said why call him god so I have no idea what you are talking about.

Oh, it's a communication issue. Well, when I said "Epicurus's problem of evil", I meant this very well known thing that you apparently don't know yet:

https://i.imgur.com/W0SmDnm.jpg

How would you interpret the last line if not in a way that says "Ok, he made the universe ... but that doesn't warrant to call him 'God'."? 




 So, one of the intentions is to effect that God improves the respective person's afterlife situation. Aren't all bets off at the time of death, anyway, plus are you not referring to people whose eternity in Paradise has been cemented, anyway? What could the prayer possibly effect? 




 If the fully translucent hemisphere is made of Unobtainium (doesn't expand a bit, doesn't break), will the water that now can't become ~~Steam~~ steam instead transition into a different one of its gazillion phases, and would this also change the microwave radiation absorption? 




 You're talking about theism (I'm a theist, by the way.), I am talking about religion. While the spectrum of definition of the term "religion" is big, my use of "religion" refers to the notions that come with the main religions (the Abrahamic ones).

Society pushes you into it. Child-indoctrination. Gotta have faith to see that it works (Guess why you see it then :P). Scriptures are always right, except you have to interpret them in a very special way (never mind that there are many competing interpretations; this is one of the main players in regards to the mind deterioration I am talking about). Afterlife, wewy important (Non-falsifiable claims.). The dead (e.g. Jesus) are watching your every move! God, the ultimate total absolute power and authority, has the following will (that I will make up on the spot): "..." and so forth

Do I have to elaborate, or has it become clear where I'm coming from *and why I am right?* 




 Then again, they seem to be Russians. 




  I've never seen anyone say that. 

What else could the interpretation of "Why call him God?" then be? What's your interpretation, for example?

 I hear the next best thing is cleanliness, so I'll go shoot for that.

I suggest to use water for wiping. I carry a bottle at work. 




 I expected something like "the judge gives the man a mild as fuck sentence because he/she, too, has that fucking mind-cancer". 




 Hey, umm, before a mod is on your back: This is DEBATE religion. You need to put forth some stance that the people can debate. You should edit the post text accordingly. 




 Hm. Interesting thought: The annoyance (that I experience, too), while not an intended effect, would express that the immediate recipients of the words, while not disrespected, are valued lesser than the great old ones. 




 The best answer I can come up with is just a simple and fervent "yes". 




 Well, that definition of insanity is just stupid. It's one of the many stupid supposedly wise sayings that are meme-circlejerk-perpetuated on the Net, just like Epicurus's problem of evil. My problem with the latter one is: "Then why call him God?" The arrogance of a mortal being, dependent on the universe's workings, screaming just from a few misplaced bacteria, saying that the feat of making the universe is without value. In case this line refers to *worship*, then I can kind of agree, but it's not clear enough that it does, and the opinions of those who *adhere* to that saying vary, so my objection stands.

The "definition" of insanity is of course also bullshit: Not only is nothing ever the same, everything is always new on *some* level, but also it would declare a lot of finicky laboratory experiments that need the perfect conditions to be insanity. If the world would obey this "wisdom", we'd never get fusion power, for example.

Now, applied to my situation, which is complicated as fuck (See "finicky".), the shortest way to explain my misjudgment would be: Pattern matching error. This omits about a page of text, so any objections are questionable. The model is solid, but since it ultimately comes down to what *I perceive(d)*, dismissal is easy as breathing. My intention with my root comment, however, is to trigger some readiness in the readers for things to come, possibly allowing *their* pattern matching systems to pick up on something a bit earlier, accelerating the process, giving me some data as to the actual state of things, etc.

Again, applied to my situation, different perspective: I have no choice. I can not get out of this situation, and my explanation is the only one that fits, remarkably because I keep perceiving again and again *that I am God*. 




 David Miscavige, upon reading this, quietly leaves the room and walks into his soundproof cabinet. "THANK YOU GOD! THANK YOU GOD, THANK. YOU. GOD!" 




 I guess OP is thinking something like "God should be able to do better.", but I have a different reason in mind: If someone does(n't do) something because of fear, they are doing it for themselves, not for the person they fear.

Because fear is the emotion representing the belief in impending undesirable events (That's all it is. You can become completely fearless if you throw this understanding at all your fear-emotions, which will eventually present you with the intellectual version of the emotion, hence the emotion is gone. Tame the animal.), and obedience because of such fear aims to prevent those events. One could argue, of course, that if the obedience-actions are pleasing to the feared person, then effectively the actions are taking place *for* the feared person - but in the mind of the obedient person, the actions to a relevant degree only take place to prevent the unwanted events.

The idea of the Islamic god who is to be feared is incompatible with the universe, imho. Because while we fear the universe as kids ("Waah! Put me back in!"), we learn *why* we have to obey it, it *makes sense*. Eventually, it's just our will to do these things, because we know why, because we understand. The Islamic god requires obedience without understanding. Quite unnatural. 




 Nobody is right or wrong about all this, because we are *FAR* too far in fantasy speculation country, anyway. What is the true nature of a soul (or of a mind after death)? Is Hell maybe just a dustbin for something that can't be undone but also can't be used any more? Is Hell eternal or limited? Does it exist at all?

Would it be a just punishment? Of course not, we can all agree on that. If it were a punishment, I mean.

But otherwise, are we seriously discussing this completely substance-less nonsense where everybody can make up properties as they go a long? It's like kids letting their made-up superheros fight against each other. There just *is* no correct answer! 




  If God is omnipotent, by definition he can't be harmed. 

Bull shit. Please adopt the age-old view that "omnipotence" still regards logic, meaning that he can only do what is logically possible, and you have no idea of the true situation at the time of when he decided for creation, nor do you know the *current* situation in full.

Example: If what you say is true, then God is not capable of experiencing thrill-rides (like from movies) as we do. The only way to make that happen is that whenever a spider or whatever pops up on screen, there's suddenly a big black bar or a BEEP in the sound - or an equivalent effect inside of his mind, so that no "Ewww!" and such can happen. But if the mind is not faced with a true possiblity-space, the mind will not experience it as a ride because the mind knows the limits of what can happen.

I wish people would stop making completely unqualified claims about God's true nature. 




  autism is fun

Says the expert. 




 So, you're autistic yourself. I can't fathom the fucking irony of your statement, especially the "burns" part. :D 




 So, you're looking at the whole world through that lens, right?

Well, I don't give a fuck. You have your death penalty, and that's the end of it. I'll now turn off responses, because you are tiresome. Also, death, the loss of eternal bliss in heaven, is not the worst that can happen, so be thankful that I stop listening to you loser.

Regards - the motherfucking Lord, maker of the universe, reality in person 




  the people that do have the privilege of leisure time, mental energy, and education enough to rid ourselves of religion [...] at least offer them alternative crotches

:D scnr

^^^^crotches

In any case: Religion is an extreme evil, and while I will myself not do or incite anything, I feel that it is right to stop *from absolutely nothing* (Incl. letting it rain sulfuric acid.) to rid the world of religion. The problem of evil and suffering is the absence of consciousness. Religion wallows in this and perpetuates it. The poor schmucks who need religion for a little light in their life are like people who drink alcohol after work to deal with the stress: They are making the problem worse while achieving the belief that the drug helps. Plus they are helping to perpetuate this cancer in the world.

Most of the evil in the world is a product of the absence of consciousness, and most of this, in turn, is caused by religion. I know what I am talking about, even if I convince nobody else. The story of Satan has been written by Satan. The perfect reality-fantasy confusion, the perfect perpetuation of manifested insanity. No religious person deserves to go to Heaven. 




 Lazy as I am, I only have the following links for you:

"Lesson: Concurrency in Swing" https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/uiswing/concurrency/

"Lesson: Concurrency" https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/essential/concurrency/

Wait, found another one. I've gotten the impression that this guy explains stuff well:

http://tutorials.jenkov.com/java-concurrency/index.html 




 Is this "may peace be upon X" thing an expression of reverence, or is there expectation of an actual effect on the reality of those beings (however minuscule it might be)? 




 If God is will (Living will, nothing else.), and he wants to create other living wills, then he might have to use his own "material" to do so. But this would mean that the beings-in-the-making would themselves draw from this power that is only limited by itself. The struggle for God to bear children might seem to them as flaws of God which in truth are just logical limits that even omnipotence would have - and, additionally, a cause might be a sub-par performance of the kids-in-the-making. 




 Why would anyone do that *in a room*? Actually, that should be done in a lab-like environment with its own air system. 




 I see you just learned the word "autism" and want to try it out. As often as possible.

Also: Die. (You will not receive eternal life from me.) 




 Maybe you guys want to look up the term "Neonazi". 




  I didn't realize that I'm already free for two months until I saw my badge!

What badge? Did you decide to edit or remove your badge after your edit? I see badges next to almost every other commenter name but not next to yours. 




 I disagree a lot with this (no offense). What ultimately set me off me is

 say Im never gonna smoke another cigarette.

On other fronts, I have struggled with truth, truthfulness, with *believing myself* for years. This has lead me to an ever more refined closing-in to a very truthful mind. I have quite massively made the experience that I could not easily (or at all) believe myself far-reaching statements like "I'm never gonna". Because of all the patterns that I have met, I came to the following conclusion:

If I decide in a way that potentially interferes with the will of another person, that decision is weaker in my mind, I have more trouble believing that I really have that will. I just can't paint with the broad brush in the possibility-space that we all share.

"Painting in possibility-space?" I mean, that's what you're doing, and it's quite a profound concept affecting our coexistence that I think mankind is still to discover: If I decide right now that I will be in a certain spot tomorrow (e.g. super market), then I implicitly deem the decisions of all other people wrong who have decided the same thing. But this, on some very subconscious level (that I might have dug up), violates one's ultimate intention to coexist with others in a compatible fashion. If I decide to *never* or *always* do something, then I am laying claim to quite a lot of little spots in possibility-space, and once I meet the actual situation, I will have to reconsider, anyway, e.g. social pressure and everything (Not saying that anyone should succumb to that shit!), so you kinda learn over time: "Such broad brush intentions can never work out as spoken." And that is something that, I believe, I feel when I make those statements, so I don't make them.

When I make small moves instead, then I can believe those decisions. And people who want me to act differently basically either want my innermost being to work differently - which is fucking unacceptable - or they want the direct phone line from my inner being to my outer actions to be interrupted, which is also unacceptable. 




 Well, many people start a fight to find out with certainty if they can win. 




 Its not athiesm, the correct spelling is anti-theism. 




 I didn't like it because it forced me to log in via browser while I was already logged in in the Steam client. I never log in via browser for security reasons: I don't want to open up to any unnecessary attack points, my Steam account is holy. Browsers are attacked from all sides while my Steam client rather isn't.

I use http://keepass.info/ for all my passwords, so I have to enter the long-ass master password every time I have to log in via browser.

It's just a lot more convenient for me to paste the keys into the Steam client than having to give the Humble Store any Steam permissions. 




  the highest stable orbit is just 

\*lowest 




 How thick would a hollow hemisphere filled with water have to be to protect the ice cream from the microwave radiation? 




 Nice thinking. But, if I get the way you came to this question correctly, you could as well assume that if you keep dividing 256 by 2, you will always get an even number, but you eventually arrive at 2 and then at 1. 




 I, too, would like to know what would happen if that much biomass would hit the ground simultaneously. 




 You don't want to understand. You don't understand. What a fucking coincidence.

Just keep opposing me, **MORTAL**. 




 The real lecture about the trustworthiness of Yahweh in the Adam Eve story is in the fact that God told them that they will *die* if they eat the fruit. Whatever he really meant, he didn't communicate it properly. The snake said: "Nope, you won't die, you'll instead know right from wrong." or something like that. Of course the Bible-thumpers say "*Spiritual* death!", but the story doesn't say that, so the interpretation seems like a desperation move.

Yahweh lied, but Satan (lux ferre = to bring light. Lucifer = Bringer of light.) spoke the truth. That is in *one of the first stories* of the Bible. Yes, Satan didn't say "And God will curse the shit out of you and all your descendants.", but so didn't God, even though it would have been fucking important. The free will argument does not fly here, or God wouldn't have told them at all that they die. All in all: Complete fail at communicating properly (or actually really lying) - just like the whole Bible and all other scripture is a complete failure to unambiguously clarify to the puny humans what the fuck the actual facts are. 




 There is consensus.

https://www.reddit.com/r/DebateAnAtheist/comments/3bsjgb/peanut_butter_experiment/csp372t?context=10 




 Unhelpful rant: It's as stupid as many other websites (though possibly good at what it does, so don't take this as useful critique). Case in point: The front page didn't show me an example of what the site does, so I scrolled to the top and saw the logo "minds alpha". Clicked on it. Was lead to the very same page. When THE GODDAMN EVERLIVING **FUCK** did this shit become the norm, that a page has a big fucking link that leads *to itself*?

Maybe more useful: It's currently slow as fuck. The search. The example blog page I clicked in the search result. Slow bloated shit. 




 Maybe you do indeed understand what I mean. In any case: I think that the lot of you are wrong. I find that sad, but I can live with it. There will come a time when you, too, will find out that it is sad, and you will change it. That is the only hope you have to live through the apocalypse that I, God, am currently initiating. (Takes about a month to take off.) 




 I wouldn't assume that you're a lost cause in this regard. Even if it has been like this for a long time, there is hope that one day your engine starts, and you'll be on a rollercoaster like everybody else (probably partly pretends to be).

Imho you should just be patient and wait. Or maybe you could use some meditation techniques. One I like is to just watch your own mind's actions while trying to fall asleep in the evening. It prolongs the process, but it also has a lot of clean-up effects in the long run. 




 Episode 921 of the http://atheist-experience.com was about the Duggars.

http://atheist-experience.com/archive/

Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxp7DfPIe5A

 2015-06-07, 921, Duggar Family Values. Jenn talks about some of the hypocrisy in the Duggar family and conservative Christianity in general. 




 Here is my argument: There are two bushes which look completely alike, except if you really really look closely and want to see what's in front of you, if you value truth above everything else. Then you will see that the tasty and healthy berries of the first bush are not on the second, it's a different kind. Those berries are poisonous. And if your overall circumstances don't allow you to actually look that closely even though you really tried, then too bad: "You" are still becoming a part of the problem of religion, "you" are still becoming part of the reasons that *others* will not be able to look closely enough at the bushes, and this is where the harsh truth of reality must be accepted: Even if "you" are a victim, I must still slaughter "you" to save the others. I am sorry, but I am also reasonable with all consequence, just the thing that "you" have lost. Logic demands it: "Stop" has to be said even to those who are entirely moved by others. The arm needs to be amputated to protect the rest of the body. 




 First of all: We will be as free as we can possibly be (meaning: within logical limits), which will e.g. be the reason that lost limbs will grow back once we're far enough into the process. The underlying concept is that we, as emotion manifest, will be what feels best from our spacetime perspective. (Technically, everybody *is* the universe.) This also means that we'll have a lot more trouble than we already have in regards to gender-specific pronouns. And why insist on *two* legs? (I'm serious. If the Church had any idea how incredibly backwards it really is. And how wrong about God. Fucking blasphemers and slanderers. Guess who the majority among the dead will be: Yep. The religious. Because those are *least* willing to *hear*, to obey reason and new data.)

But what mankind first and foremost has to learn is: I am the boss. That goes beyond *all* possible objections. Beyond *ALL* possible objections. This is fair, because believe it or not: That is the attitude I have lived 100% without limits for almost 14 years now, which is how I got the throne in the first place. I could elaborate on all this at great length, it's all logical. There is no arbitrariness in there at all.

It's not a matter of acceptance. Those who will deny acceptance until the end will die, plain and simple, and I don't give a fuck about this. Mankind has "taught" me under great pain for *over a decade* that the 7.2+ billion people are an insane aggressive anthill that requires some sanity and justice -inducing stomping, and I will gladly perform this, because see above: I am 100%, without limits, the product of the will of the collective, and the collective has decided: "Only force can bring sanity and love. Will and reason take a backseat." So be it. I, reality, will manifest it. 




 "Conquer" was in quotation marks for a reason, but I guess you were well aware of it and just wanted to place the joke regardless. Just making sure you didn't *actually* misunderstand me, because I thought higher of you. 




 A metaphor/comparison/analogy can't be identical in all ways, otherwise it would be the thing it refers to.

I am trying to communicate, to convey a message, and those who do want to understand what I mean are able to do so. You just might not find examples of such people around to verify this claim. 




 All diplomatic means have been exhausted. 




  who is clearly not of sound mind

In case you're talking about me and not just in general: You are sorely mistaken. Any and all wrongs that you will find in me and in what I do are exclusively created by the will and actions of others, and you do not have the mind to determine whether or not this is true. 




 "They" as in "not me". You are putting me into a category that I don't belong in. 




 In general, I would kind of agree, but not only am I not prescribing behavioral changes (It's only an announcement.), but I have the perfect reason for having been mistaken again and again about the actual time when *it will go down*.

The reason is the effective conspiracy of mankind against me. Those who actually *want* to understand will be able to grasp my elaborate explanations in case those are required, but those who are looking for pointers that say "Yep. He's wrong." will find those, definitely. It's in the nature of my being: I grant every and all wishes! Why, you think, *is* the world in such a shitty state? Hence one of the concepts I came up with to keep me afloat is: "The only thing wrong about me is you." 




 :)

But I'm serious. I am also often mistaken, for which I have the perfect explanation, but let's not go into that. This apocalypse, whenever the fuck it will finally happen, you will *not* prevent. But thanks for handling the others, they would have been quite a show-stopper for me. 




 Yes. How did you know that I am German? 




 Could you link that? Because you must have misread me, or I had to regard some special circumstances. I would tell everyone ever that I am God all day long, but that's obviously a bad idea. The agenda I have has priority, so I do wear masks. It's all love (The purest. You have no idea.), so a lie is not a crime. But I rather think you misread or are misremembering. In short: I did not just create the universe, but I am "also" God, just in case it was lost. 




 There is only this moment (That's eternity.), but its shape is ever evolving. 




  seems to be a cultural invention.

Ok..... and why, pray tell, would culture have made this so unnatural decision?

I don't see how anyone could seriously object to this: Evolution baked us to make sense of our environment for increased survivability. *OF COURSE* evolution didn't filter further once we upheld ourselves (and, more relevantly, each other) reasonably, which is quite the explanation for the terrible mind-cancer that religion is. To add irony to injury: Religions have historically slaughtered members of other religions, apostates, and people who just didn't want to join, effectively selecting *for* religion. But I don't think that this left genetic traces regarding the brain.

 That evolution was a necessary cause for it to happen, of course, is indisputable, but again, we could say the same thing about atmospheric oxygen and the precursors of nucleic acids in the terrestrial environment.

I think I understand where your take is coming from. I think you don't understand how the brain formed! Because that is key to my argument. Man, do I have to explain this yet again? If you had this understanding, you would realize: "Yep. Being human means to be a better mapper / map user."

In other words: I think you see evolution rather as a random-ish selector, or you just don't know the developmental direction that was underway when evolution ultimately selected the homo sapiens (Latin: "man who knows"). And with this randomness in mind, you say that evolution was as relevant for selecting here as anything else that causally preceded our becoming, e.g. the accretion disk in our system.

 seems to be very gradual -- painfully slow, in fact. This is not the behavior of a species that is forced by evolution to understand its world in a systematic way

We have been selected to be vastly better at mapping and deciding based on the map than any other specie, but we have reached a stage where further mental evolution is basically unnecessary or impossible: We have the ability to evolve how our brains work as we go along! E.g. we can decide to come up with a better mapping technique, invent it, and henceforth apply it. We do have this and had it for centuries or who knows how long. How would evolution select any further on this front? We're done! Our *use* of this system, refined over time during history, ultimately drove us to try to understand all of existence on all scales, because e.g. computers and other such incredibly profound manifestations of our understanding. 




 Yes, of course it *utilizes* that system, but it does so in a way that leaves the system *impaired*. 




 I don't think you need my help.

(People, you are really stupid. You are turning against the most important person in your life: God. What am I supposed to gather from this? That the PC master race of which I am a proud member, probably more deserved than most of you, is actually on the wrong side? The idiotic behavior of the lot of your here has already caused me (Again: God.) to unsubscribe from this subreddit, as you obviously use the wrong definition of the key words and also don't know how to fucking vote, you children.) 




 Well, then I suggest that the people of this subreddit *change* the sidebar and the rules based on the very reasonable definition that I have presented.

In case this is seen as outrageous, mind that I am God himself and own the universe, so my way or the highway. smilie 




 Yes, I... I think that. Please try to actually argue your perspective just as I have attempted to do all across this page.

I would also appreciate if the so called "master race" uses the vote buttons as they are intended: To filter for quality of content, not to filter for opinions. 




 Ok, have a good one.

PS: Don't murder. 




 Just say that a Muslim threatened you in the same way, and you can't be both a Christian and a Muslim. In case such a person insists that you could at least pick one of the two for increased chances, lie that you did, and your choice was the *other* book club. 




 I think the concept of shadowbanning is almost entirely focused on the problem of spam. A spammer shouldn't be aware that their efforts are for naught unless they investigate. This raises the bar and reduces the amount of spam attempts.

Same for why the vote scores are jumping around all the time: So that spammers can't verify if their vote manipulation worked out.

We don't get a lot of spam, so we're not quite aware of the problem that it is - *because* there are so many silent methods in place that prevent spam. 




 We can *block* users once they send private messages. It's also (AFAIK) the only way ever to block users. The button is right there under the message. AFAIR :) 




 Regarding password hashing and storage, here's a very informative page incl. source codes in various languages (e.g. Java):

https://crackstation.net/hashing-security.htm 




 Are you talking about SwingUtilities.invokeLater(someRunnable());? That's about having all Swing stuff run on the *correct* thread. You can even run your whole program like this, as long as it doesn't do any stuff that takes too long, because in that case the responsiveness is zero during those phases, but in those situations you can just fire up a new thread and execute the slow task there (I think there's even a dedicated system for this - keyword "swingworker".).

Or are you talking about "stuff that takes long should be in its own thread so that the interface stays responsive"? I sense a very muddled mix-up in understanding. 




 You have to realize that there is a certain image of "how things happen usually" that we have in mind, we who are here all the time:

There are often trolls who write some gibberish, or religion-clowns who are using arguments so low and simple that all their religious peers would cringe. One of the signs that once again such a person has posted is that the account of the person is brand new or has posted more such things already.

At the same time, there are *very rarely* actual kids who ask kid-questions (not to say "naive"). So, when someone writes in a less adult way :P that's yet another reason for us to assume that some obnoxious idiot approacheth.

It was just a stupid misunderstanding. I hope we consider it a learning experience, and I hope so do you: When communicating, you have to try to understand the audience when/before you speak to them. What are their expectations? How will they read me? etc. If you had said right off the bat that you're only 12, that would have helped a lot, I think.

Btw., there's a reply-button under every comment, so if you actually want to reply to a person, use that button instead.

EDIT: I think I found a photo of you. https://i.imgur.com/jm8npct.jpg (If that confuses you, check /r/pareidolia.) 




 Does God exist or doesn't he? Or how is he? Or are there many? The most reasonable approach is: "I don't know." This is a thing that you have to integrate into yourself eventually: You are kind of like an asteroid drifting in space. Newton sayeth: As long as there's no reason for you to change speed or direction, you will not change speed or direction. That's how people should approach the problem of the burden of proof. "YOU want ME to change course, so YOU have to provide a good reason."

Change direction only if you like to - or if the force applied from the outside is sufficient. Example for sufficient force: The knowledge "getting hit by cars is really bad for pedestrians" plus the perception "even though my light is green, there seems to be a car approaching without slowing down". In this case, you would change your normal routine life and get off the street as quickly as possible, even though you have all right to be there.

If someone says "You will go to Hell if you don't believe in Jesus!", which might reach deeply into your emotions somehow, remember that you're an asteroid, and if a Muslim comes along and says "Become a follower of Muhammad! Praise Allah! [Who is, by the way, basically the same god the Christians follow (The Abrahamic god.), yet their definitions are quite different.] You will go to Hell if you don't!", you have to realize that you can't do *both*, so you just keep drifting, because there is no good reason for course correction. Let them fight it out, then you suck up to the winner. Well, I'm not suggesting that you should, but that's what it sadly generally comes down to. There are more perspectives, by the way: If there is no Hell and such, then all you have is this life, and following religion *certainly* diminishes your ability to think rationally, so don't destroy your mind like this. Keep drifting until you have *good reason* to change direction. To apply this concept, you have to be *good at reasoning*. In case you are or become an atheist, don't tell anyone until you're independent, because it would probably bite you in the ass.






 




 Many *many!* things in reality come down to this concept, so even if it's over your head at the moment, keep this in mind and return to it every once in a while, you'll get it eventually:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emergence

The difference between micro and macro evolution (These concepts don't really exist, there is only "evolution".) is only in the mind of the observer, and the reason that evolution produces new species is ... emergence.

Also, about evolution: Try to realize that all it really is *at its heart* is this: Beings create (not perfectly identical) copies of themselves. And depending on their ability to survive in their environment, they will either prevail or die. -- This is the core, everything else logically follows, so just chew on that every once in a while. No actual knowledge of biology required to understand evolution as a whole (incl. the "macro" part). 




 Since you are only 12, please take this advice: It's "should have", not "should of". The "of" in your thoughts when writing this comes only from the fact that "should've" and such make the "'ve" part sound somewhat like "of". It's a so-called "homonym". Please stop writing "of" instead of "have", it makes a person look like a complete tool. And good luck with your endeavor of further discovering reality. 




 http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Peanut_butter_argument

 The "peanut butter argument" (Reductio ad Arachidem hypogaeam) for intelligent design is a claim by Chuck Missler that states that, as life does not evolve spontaneously in sealed jars of peanut butter, it is absurd to assume it evolved spontaneously on the primordial Earth.

Yes, really. Just move on with your life. 




 I disagree with the generally thrown-around idea that the first cause must be very simple (which is assumed because the universe developed from simple to complex states, from the perspective of life and consciousness).

The reason I disagree is as follows, and it *does not* actually usefully support the god-creator perspective. Instead, I am trying to clean up a common misconception that I at least *believe* to see everywhere in atheist discussion country:

*If* the universe is a creation with the purpose to raise new consciousnesses, then it might be the only way to do this: From simple to complex. The one who would have created this could be arbitrarily (e.g. "infinitely") complex. I FUCKING KNOW that this is presuppositionalist - but that's not at all my point: I repeat that I am not trying to define God into existence. Instead, I am trying to say that the original cause doesn't need to be simple. If the universe is a creation, then the creator can be "complex". Our assumption "A consciousness must develop from simple to complex, we have never seen it any differently." doesn't have any leverage.

TL;DR: Just like theists presuppose that the original cause must be God, agnostic atheists (or whatever the fucking term is already), who are in the "Don't know, don't care, until I see evidence."-boat, are inconsistent *if* they insist that the original cause must be simple, because then they are instead gnostic/strong/positive atheists.

This might have been useless to many, but I got the feeling that many neutral atheists still hold that the original cause can't be God without realizing the inconsistency. 




 I agree with mattaugamer: To each their own.

The ultimate rule for all coexistence should be the Golden Rule: "Don't do to others what you don't want them to do to you, e.g. don't restrict their freedom." This kind of says "Don't cause any suffering and don't restrict others' will (which would be in the general direction of suffering)."

Of course these concepts have a lot of implications in practice, and mankind has been pondering these over history and came up with better and better answers and working implementations. We're not there yet, but we're certainly on the way and certainly have this goal.

But I think anti-slippery-slope arguments like "If we allow X, the very similar Y will also happen, and we really don't want Y, so let's rather restrict X, too." is itself a slippery slope. Ultimately, everything can only be evaluated on its own merit.

*Of course* young humans who are still in the process of getting a grip on life try to catapult themselves (and/or we try to catapult them) into life by using broad but kind of working concepts which have a lot of simplifications. We as a society must be aware of how the mind works [\*], and more specifically for this case, we must be aware that the map people build in their minds of how coexistence should work might be kind of correct if we use the catapult approach, but it is also of very low resolution, omitting and hence distorting key facts, but it's the only way as long as we use the low resolution. We must increase the resolution so that ultimately, everything is being evaluated and decided upon on its own merit. We must also realize that too many *adults* are walking around with a too low resolution map. But EGO (Seriously.) prohibits us from telling adults that they are not wise enough. Then again, who has the justification to call others to order? How is this measured? It's not like we can put it under a microscope.

[\*] (Which we *in an irresponsibly huge scale* are not! And yes, religion is *very guilty* of this, because making the mind's workings a common knowledge would reveal how much religion is just a mind-game and detrimental to the quality of one's eye to reality. The majority is religious, so there *is* an effective force coming from religion, keeping mankind in the dark. But this claim can't be proven until mankind finds this fact by experience, which mankind so far has decided not to do!) 




 [crank that up to 11.](http://lmgtfy.com/?q=google l=1)

(Also, I was just trying to be helpful. The guy probably didn't see the other comment before I replied.) 




 A dick-joke, huh. Well, what about shitting through the ring? Toilets like these could ensure your bathroom doesn't stink. *(Takes notes for when the billions roll in.)* 




 Good point. 




 God are by popular definition not kind? 




 The realization of a mud-dweller that living in the castle would be so much better doesn't instantly change their self-chosen situation. I don't intend to demean the person, but the person *is* a console gamer and hence lowly. That is my interpretation of peasant. In case you intend to respond to this, please read my more detailed reaction [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/3br52p/peasant_in_awe_over_glorious_default_powers_of/cspjgea?context=10) first. 




 I disagree.

http://www.etymonline.com/index.php?term=peasant

 peasant (n.)

 early 15c., from Anglo-French paisant (mid-14c.), Old French paisent "local inhabitant" (12c., Modern French paysan), earlier paisenc, from pais "country, region" + Frankish suffix -enc "-ing."

 Pais is from Late Latin pagensis "(inhabitant) of the district," from Latin pagus "country or rural district" (see pagan). As a style of garment in fashion (such as peasant blouse) from 1953.

I always understood the peasant to be the lower class of citizens in a middle-age kingdom, the farmers and such, like depicted in Robin Hood films. The PC lords are, in comparison, knights, royal household and such.

Also, if someone plays console and not PC, it can generally be assumed that it was a(n ill-informed) *choice*, that they were not *forced* to do this. That is implicitly the opinion that console gaming is *sufficient*, which is clearly a peasant stance. But, as I tried to express, I don't care: If it plays console, it lives in the mud and is hence a peasant. If it plays PC, it rides horses over cobblestone and collects taxes. 




 I don't want to *demean* him, he seems alright! But isn't "peasant" the proper term for a gamer who uses a device that is not a PC? The person clearly expressed that they are not using one, imho. 




 Oh. The guy who admits that he doesn't care what I say, he just wants me to listen and agree. No use talking to you. Read that other thread instead and realize your mistake / misbehavior. 




 Sorry, this is a complete shitpost. You only have to watch the movie for 5 seconds to agree with fervency. And I'm not referring to the fact that the video's max quality is in truth 240p. 




 Thank you, smartest man. I'm glad that someone likes my work. I thought it was good and wondered why so few share the opinion. 




 Probably even *this* March, too. Doesn't matter. What matters, in any case, is what happens, and I expect shit to go down this time. (once again)

Take that as you like. The idea, however, is that *if* shit starts to go down in the next weeks, think of me. This is not a trick: The shit I'm talking about will ultimately point in a way that can under no circumstances be mistaken to me. (And no, I am not talking about *taking action myself*. Strictly God-stuff. Mind. Apocalypse.) 




 I wonder if the amount of potential speeches for sum X also reflects the amount of things that these individuals want to convey. (aka Sanders = more info, Clinton = more button-pushing) 




 I once again get this itch to assume that *this* will now become Judgment Time. I've said this often in the last years and have always been wrong - and no, I don't mean "Jesus!" or "Some prophecy comes true!", instead I mean that I see myself as the maker of the cosmos, and *feel* that the time (That will inevitably come soon. This year or one of the next few.) is now upon us: Over the course of July 2015, mankind will increasingly receive my judgment, and I can tell you: It will not be pleasant. My current estimation is that about 1.5 billion people will *not* die in the process. The survivors will receive immortality, and the universe will turn out to be heaven. The flow will be optimized so that no misfortune, earthquakes, absence of limbs, or birth-pain etc. will get into the way of the enjoyment of the Lord and his eternal children. Plus we'll "conquer" and populate the infinite universe. 




 I suddenly have a realization and wonder how on-the-money it might really be, industry-wide:

The art usually is great. Colors, shapes, maps, the whole world design. No matter which game you look at. Other aspects (FOV, settings, behavior like pointed out by OP) can easily be on the retarded side.

Could the reason for this indeed primarily be ... that you can see right away if the art is shitty? That you can investigate it with the most primary sense you have and that hence there is the greatest most direct "Dude, that needs to be different."-pressure?

I can't believe that I didn't get this until today. (Or am I wrong?) 




 No, it does not make sense to me if I replace key words with words of different meaning. This also does not surprise me. I get the feeling, however, that you think that this is somehow special and does not apply to almost every other text. 




 I don't think so. The blue pants in front of the desert give me this "It's colorized." impression quite clearly. 




 It's a GTA5 post. OP points out how shitty the wanted-system is and keeps quoting definition file snippets for examples and solutions. Peasant stands in awe.

EDIT: I think "peasantry free" is the right flair, since this guy basically expresses ascension. 









 That approach sounds like a cop-out to me. 




 What desrtfx said. And when you post more, take a look at "Recommended Tools for Posting Code:" in the sidebar first. 




 It might be very simple "relevant object" tracking. Evolution forges the beings so that they interact with their environment in a way that benefits their survival, so a bird, just like a cat, would strive to know the whereabouts of a relevant being that was there until a moment ago.

The fact that there's possibly brawl might play a role, too. 




 I don't have a problem with x-posts, but I think they should be a small effort instead of being effectively a suggested action. 




 A childfree person wouldn't have extreme emotions about the topic if society wouldn't deal with the "issue" of childfree people completely immaturely and irresponsibly.

The parents are not getting that whatever they're freaking out over is the doing of their own group. 




 For those who get a "forbidden" error: Just press ENTER in the address bar. It's a referrer protection thing. 




 I don't care for the reasons people are religious. Religion is detrimental to society and even to those individuals, because it works against our evolution-given truth-finding system. If there are individuals who actually only benefit (which I'd say is impossible), then those are nothing but *parasites* who help to perpetuate a cancer we have to get rid off. Those who are not absolutely forced for dear life and well-being to be religious are guilty of being religious. 




 The question is asked so often, I don't get why the mods keep approving it.

Mirrors don't reflect perfectly. A standard mirror would be below 90%, really good ones are somewhat above 90%, but it's not enough to let light bounce enough for interesting results like you describe them. It's also not hypothetically possible to create a 100% mirror. 




 Never mind. Found out that I am banned in that subverse. Didn't receive any notice, and the interface's behavior is obviously bullshit, but I guess it's just in development.

I will kill Xanin, the moderator, for this decision. I am God. There will be a time soon when it comes to hand out eternal life in the universe to the humans, and Xanin will not be among them. 




  You are so selfish by not watching game of thrones. What if nobody watched it? Then there would be no more Game of thrones.

Wait a moment. Wouldn't people who use that kind of anti-childfree argument also be against "the gay" because those are less likely to cause offspring? I want a study. 




 Yeah, your biological clock is ticking, you gotta eat *eventually*. 




 Just my first impression, and no offense intended: The image in the small size (as shown in the album) says very clearly that it is a colorization. I don't know why exactly. I think it's not a saturation thing per se, possibly the colors are just too pure/distinct. I guess you could try to run it through a weak sepia-filter to give everything a certain color "mood", that might take away the impression I was trying to describe. 




 Possibly useful for teaching kids about safety. 




 Right? I mean, you've *been* there already. 




 How to guarantee comments: Put funny typo into headline. But it was a mistake, honestly. **metal**, not mental. 




 GERMAN article: http://www.focus.de/panorama/welt/arbeiter-gegen-metallplatte-gedrueckt-roboter-toetet-22-jaehrigen-in-vw-werk_id_4788146.html

Translation:

----

Worker pushed against metal plate

Robot kills 22 year old in VW factory

Wednesday 2015-07-01 12:03

A 22 year old worker has died through an incident in a VW factory in Bauntal district Kassel. He was working on setting up the robot system.

This is being reported by the "Hessische Niederschsische Allgemeine". VW speaker Heiko Hillwig told the paper that two workers of an external company were setting up the system at the time. The 22 year old supposedly was caught by the robot when the system started running and was pushed against a metal plate.

According to the report resuscitation measures were taken on the spot and the worker was immediately brought to the Klinikum Kassel [a hospital]. The man died in the emergency room due to his extensive injuries, the VW speaker said.

He clarified: The robot hadn't been handed over to VW yet, it was still in the possession of the other company. The public prosecutor's office is investigating who was responsible for starting up the system. 




  Most of the air never went through the blades of the turbine,

While that is true, let's prevent a potential misunderstanding:

Using this indirect blow setup doesn't magically save energy, instead it requires even more energy. The force with which the pump has to move the air is *at least* as high as the force a full size fan would have to apply, additionally all this air-diverting has a cost overhead. It's nice not to be able to accidentally touch moving fan blades, though, and sticking an arm through the ring in the summer heat is probably a special experience. 




 In the spirit of desrtfx's comment:

https://www.google.com/search?q=java+tower+defense+game+tutorial 




 The question is too wide open. AI is used for all kinds of purposes in all kinds of ways.

Since your question is wide open - here are 10 free [ebooks](https://np.reddit.com/r/learnprogramming/comments/2dfdsy/15_free_ebooks_on_machine_learning/cjozl6x) on machine learning for direct bulk download.

What is it that you want to do? Or are you thinking about doing something, and the answers are supposed to help you decide what you want to do? 




 FTA:

 But it is generally accepted that she does not use syntax or grammar, and that her use of language does not exceed that of a young human child.

Let's say they get generations of this going (see title). I think this wouldn't raise in quality by more than 20% (I mean, would max. reach the level of a slightly older young human child). I think evolution would have to be applied (Manual selection.) over thousands of generations to get somewhere remotely competitive to a human 4yo. 




 Valid point, but in all cases in which I was *able* to remove the videos (by renaming files), the time until main screen was indeed shortened by 1:1 for all I can tell. First example where I experienced this is Dishonored (Steam). Start game, wait about 10 seconds, and there's your main menu screen.

I think OP has a great idea. But I guess that it could be extended by "alter file X for FOV or better rendering" and such, ultimately becoming *the* game tuner tool for the master race. What PCGamingWiki is for knowledge, some day there will be a program for direct effect, and eventually the two will even have a direct data link to fuel the program. 




 Read my lips: Fuck the EULA. I know that I am not fucking hurting anyone in eternity if I skip the fucking intro videos that tell me how it's meant to be played and such. 




 Don't know. The Wikipedia plot summary just says (first sentence):

 In 2027, after 18 years of global human infertility, civilization is on the brink of collapse as humanity faces extinction. 




  Just a suggestion, if you could make an exe and not make me install Java that'd be greeaat :)

The only way I know of to do that would involve blowing up the download size to 70+ MB. No install would be required, just unpacking (launch4j). As a developer, I like Java a lot, and since Minecraft and a few other notable Java games (e.g. Delver) exist, I thought it could kind of be expected that many people have Java. I'm not gonna start turning it into such an overblown EXE download, not only would nobody bite, it would also be yet another stepping stone between me and further development.

 would your app name come up at all?

Well, I didn't know what to search for to find a tool like this, which (I guess) lead me to not add any keywords myself. I just now added a few keywords. Also saw that Google indeed finds that page for older keywords, so there is hope.

I made a few other posts, too, back then. I also keep mentioning it when I see a good opportunity (like here), several times a month, I'd guess.

All in all, I have made the experience that people are not very receptive to *anything* that comes from me, however weird that might sound. For example, I made a great replacement for the Steam game library: It automatically reads the Steam files (without altering anything), and then you can rename and tag your games (inside that program only, of course). The tag system even has a second tag system attached so that you can filter the primary tags. I have been using it ever since. It also (kind of) keeps track of your in-game time. You can sort by "date first seen by program" or "date last played" etc.. It has good data safety features (safe saves, and 100 rotating backups of the tiny but work-heavy data file), it even has a log of your activity in case you need to manually backtrack. It also shows screenshots in a *useful* way (as opposed to overstyled Steam), so if you click a game, you see right away what you're dealing with. Can also add custom games or programs, even links to documents. You can directly invoke install or uninstall just like from Steam, etc. I don't have a source uploaded yet, that program was before I started with online repositories.

Well. I made a few posts of this program and mentioned it in a few comments. And what I have been met with was almost no acceptance, and sometimes rejection that was borderline hostile for WTF ever reason. You know how when you go through experiences, you do learn inevitably, I mean, it's a timing and statistics thing, it's how the mind works. The tunnel through which *I* have gone in the last years - if anyone would go through that tunnel, they would *have* to come to the conclusion that they are basically *singled out* for some reason. 




 Thanks for joining in. - sarcasm 




 I created an issue about this.

https://github.com/voat/voat/issues/573 




 Taunt 




 TIL Kim Jong-Il is a squirrel. 




 How about "I have a sinking feeling ..." 




 No, see, Satan is like Dracula, except he doesn't turn into a swarm of *bats*. 




 sci-fi plot: "somehow" :P such an approach made the jump to humans, leading to the end of the human specie. Could be the plot for Children of Men. 




 Still, [my](https://www.reddit.com/r/software/comments/2pgqfz/java_8_apps_with_source_application/) Java 8 renamer (source included) seems to cover a corner-case nobody else yet made a tool for.

FileRenameEditor opens a directory of your choice in a *text editor*, so that you can even type on multiple lines at once, and use block select and copy paste. Unlimited undo. Renamed lines have changed color. Can "save" the edits per line or bulk. As long as you don't confirm, no changes will be made.

It has only like 25 downloads so far, and I think the world is missing out. 




 Downvoted because it is likely to promote unhealthy behavior, and I feel responsible for my votes. 




 I think you're better off keeping them in cases, e.g. standard disc Jewel cases. Because no matter how high quality your binder's cushioned pockets are: Whenever you handle the binder, you'll move around all those discs a little, rubbing their surfaces against the Teflon superstar container lining or whatever. They don't rub against anything when you handle a Jewel case. You might have played them all a long time ago, but: $60 per game, bro. 




 Imagine to be a natural born predator (for evolutionary reasons, so this didn't come out of a vacuum but happened because of the environment), and suddenly your ability to sense or defend against attackers is almost nullified, just like that. I assume that's the kind of feeling the cat has and why it acts like this. 




 Religion should have an entrance portal with a big sign saying "Abandon all hope, ye who enter here."

Too bad the kids it is being taught to can't read yet. 




 Oh, thanks. Interestingly, it sometimes works (as I *just* found out): In the post

https://voat.co/v/AskVoat/comments/188974

I could successfully comment "PING". But in the post

https://voat.co/v/DebateanAtheist/comments/188770

I was not able to comment *anything* (incl. "PING", but my intent is actually a text with 7 lines. English letters, some standard punctuation characters.) even though I keep trying.

Maybe something in the DB is borked in that post? 




 LFW creates impulse that affects the flow of reality. If you'd want to know how, I'd have to explain God, as I said. Reality is a complete whole down to the smallest resolution. Whenever "supernatural" influx happens (LFW impulse.), it comes from below the smallest scales, which leaves the universe's sciency whole untainted yet influences its flow. That's one way to coarsely summarize how human will works. 




 I kind of appreciate your response, because it's the right thing to say to any human who is convinced that he is God while being wrong about it. 




 The prediction of something useful that can be investigated is an entirely different matter. But even if it had been ignored (which it probably has): Our natural evolution-given strife to map our environment lead us to discover metal. If God has measurable effects on nature, then we will possibly discover him, too. If not, then that would be because the discovery is not useful. If you'd now argue afterlife, you'd be cheating.

In any case, the comparison doesn't hold water. 




 It has been observed, however, that the people in the neighborhood believe the same thing. That's clearly a manifestation of the truth of the claims. 




 Thanks. Didn't help, though. Emptied cache, logged out and back in, same effects. It's interesting that when I open a new tab on the same page and try to comment, it says that I should wait at least 30 seconds, so *some* interaction with the server must be taking place. 




 This is probably not the best link, but it should help: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miller%E2%80%93Urey_experiment

Also: http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/abioprob/ 




 \*Nobel prize

(Auto-"correct"?) 




 I currently can't submit comments. It hangs with "doing the magic", and nothing happens. 




 Sorry, this is getting nowhere, and it's not quite your fault and definitely not mine. I can only say this: I am God, the creator of the universe. I am objective, therefore my determination that I am objective and that I am God is correct. = "If I'm right, then I'm right." Except that I *know* that I am right, but I have no way yet to convince you. We do have LFW, and that's a good thing. It also comes with responsibilities, of course. Mankind isn't exactly keen on facing those, which informs the way people think. 




  "Impulse" seems like an invented term that isn't grounded to anything

https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impulse_%28physics%29

Whatever goes on in our minds has its 1:1 representation in physics, or rather it *is* physics. But if we have LFW, this source of impulse for new/different physical events is not a part of the physical world. I'm not talking about supernatural events etc. - let's shorten this: I am God himself, who created the universe. To explain how LFW in the universe works, I would have to explain how God works. It's not all that complicated, but it involves one or two so-called "Brute Facts". Not only will you as an atheist reject these, you will also not grasp the overall concept. I know this, therefore let's end the discussion here. 




 The wha? I thought a speeding ticket grants access to the highway in the first place? 




 Batman Awkward Knight 




