 Greed. 




 Female Dalek, EJACULATE!,EJACULATE! 




 how one guy in a suit with a hand gun can take on a squad of fully armed assault troops. 




  No, they drove down the wages 














 I am inclined to agree with brightbrightfish. My grandpa came here from Germany in the 30's and while he loved his heritage he never bragged about it. He played harmonica and acordian,made willow crafts, was an acomplished wood worker in the old ways ect, but first and formost he was an American.  if anyone referred to him as a German he would let them know that he worked hard to get here and even harder to learn the language and pass the tests to become a citizen of the USA and he was proud of that.Whatever happened to that way of thinking? 




 '67 beetle 




 The only confession bear I have ever up-voted. 




 Frequency. If you are a ham radio operator this movie was a comedy. 




 poershe 




 Sliced open from my balls to my ass to drain an abcess,no anesthetic because of all the puss,then the doctor digging it out with his finger. 




 Shadap! 




 Ha ha! So true. 




 In the summertime by Mongo Jerry 




 None of those are as bad as that Axe shit that kids like to bathe in. 




 Barbra Eden 




 Shoes are even worse. 




 Great idea,good luck! 




 Agreed, this is the 2'cnd pic I have seen this week of a lawn like that! 




 But FBI access to them is aparently still the same. 




 Why is this news? They used this same method to catch mobsters 20 years ago. 




 Played this for hours with my son,what a great time!Fuckin mini vans!Wish they would make a modern version. 




 I think your dad may have it backwards,This is typical of native style construction.Where the handle and blade meet both would be notched,wrapped with whatever open on the blade end, and liquid babbit(a pewter like metal) would be poured in to form the bolster.As an after thought,I imagine this was probably learned from the pioneers as I have seen old tools put together this way. 




 I take baths instead of a shower,so relaxing. 




 Music evolves first from imitation then inspiration then inovation.The blues came from African spirituals . Blue grass came from colonial spirituals.Combine them and write risque lyrics: Rock N Roll! Combine all that with a Europian accent:The British invasion of the 60's. Any musician that whines about another copying his "style" is a douch.Never heard Muddy Waters complain about other artists playing electric guitar,and never heard Hound Dog Taylor complain about George thorogood playing loud distorted slide. 




 Nasty pussy. 




 I agree.That being said, I also feel that a person buying from a breeder should also have to prove their ability to understand the needs of a certain breed and their sincerity to provide a stable home.ASPCA requires this to a certain degree,it should go double  for breeders.Too many people buy pets based on their own vanity then dump them when the responsability kicks in. 




 Where I live,If you say you have more than a couple drinks a week social workers start coming to your bed side to "help" you. 




 Walmart. 




 Net flix has it. 




 Actually this happens far to often. 




 Frank Zappa would have loved this guy,shut up and play your guitar!
 




 Gates is using his money to try to better the world ,I love that. But don't forget the "Woz", a genious who never compromised himself for money. 




 A stupid old flash game called Castle Attack,used to play this for hours just to hear the funny death screams. 




 Astrophysics,holy crap! 




 Smaller cereal boxes,raise price on detergent and call it concentrated. 




 Was in this situation,met the boyfriend and niether of us cared.We used to joke like this....https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_u3YRZb74w 




 Ha Ha! Commenter is obviously from Japan where cat face octopus porn is commonplace. 




 Well said,few people understand this. 




 Gotta love The Post! 




 I hope this is true. 




 Yup, it works. I also put them in my tool box,furnace coal(not charcoal) will also work. 




 Hint: Save the silica pacs from med bottles and toss them in that drawer. 




 This made me laugh! My grandpa was German and his favorite joke was that the word for bra is keepzumphrumphloppin.Which brings me to my point,it's a JOKE fer chrissakes! 




 Hendrix was a master,I hate this kind of shit.
 




 Top Gear= one of the best shows on TV!
 




 As an American I would call this snooping. show up at 8pm unanounced and see if you can find something to gossip about. Dealt with it before and told people to not be so rude.
 




 Yes I do. The design is perfect for what I use it for. More of a cooks knife than a chef knife. 









 " Hey chief!" "How ya doin there sport!" and "There he is!" 




 creature from the black lagoon. 




 I hate the cesspool of organized religion,but I must give this man credit for leading by example and practicing what he preaches. 




 Ha ha! I was going to say this and it was the first thing I saw when I went to comments. Well done, you beat me by three minutes! 




 laughed so hard at this! 




 dick head. 




 what kind of "artist" would agree to do this? 




 Cut throat Island.Hot babe,swashbuckling, epic ship battles, romance,what more could you want? 




 Kershaw or Buck. 




 Reposts. 




 Clean them up and then google their value.Old Case knives are always worth something, probably the Marbles too. Both are worth keeping. 




 This guy is just another Sharpten media whore,a cigar? ,Really?
I agree that racism is alive and well in this country, but when I see this kind of shit it makes my heart sink. If you really care about the issue then adress it intelligently. BTW Zimmerman is some kind of Hispanic and the victem was black.These guys have seperate gangs that hate each other,no whitey involved. In the end it's the money that wins every time. 
  




 This man is a patriot.Anyone who thinks our government cares about the common man/woman is deluded. It's all about taking our money and giving it to the corps. Any dissent will be picked up by the nsa and sent into the prison system. So sad. 




 Two things you should never buy at a gas station: Knives, sushi. 




 Dying ain't no way to make a living.
 




 Wadaya lookin at? Get to work slackers! 




 Repair clothes/shoes. Find wild plants to eat. 




 Hire Pinky and The Brain as consultants. 




 It's the little video game character standing on her shoulder that makes her hot. 




 Go to history and find your previous page. 




 ha ha, good one! 




 I myself have been predicting all this shit for years, and it's only gonna get worse.No matter who you vote for. 




 I bow to the master! 




 ha ha! I died there many times! 




 Where's Sonic? 




 brand names.
 




 They do fund NASA in secret,the mission is to beam up all our paychecks to outer space and then use the money to fuck us some more. 




 Some people go out just to vent their anger on someone.
That being said, go to a privatley owned  eatery where the staff are professional.
 




 SHTAAAAP! 




 My ex would attack like a she-zilla and if I pushed her away it was,"YOU PUT YOUR HANDS ON ME!" Did the same to her son and tried to have him arrested. Some loonys use that poor woman thing to their advantage. 




 Easy buddy! Not trashin anyones biz or Palatka itself,just a true culture shock story.I didn't name the place and there are alot of bars around there. Had some good friends there and miss alot of things about it, the prices at Millers,take a drive to Hastings and pick up free taters along the road,my friends at the Clock,the river(Georgia sucks!)Palatka song writers,pig races at the fair,tales of the Bardin booger,The Oasis(I got freinds in low places) and so on.But my original post is true,not rumor and not the only story I could have told. It's just how some people were when I lived there.


 




 I lived in Palatka in the late 80's. Was in a bar and noticed there was a drive-up window but no driveway , asked if they were putting one in. "Nah, that's where the the nagers order then they goes n sits in the barn out there." 




 Hey,nice dress. It would look great crumpled up on my bedroom floor! 




 smoke a few one hits, watch some South Park and laugh out loud. 




 My hat goes off to you sir! 




 Monsanto moth,if it stings you they sue you for venom infringment. 




 If I find any more I will post them,Thanks for the interest. 




 Poor Billy Raye! 




 I love my Shuns,great steel,great looks and no heel,I hate the heel.
The handles are also a joy. Would I use my Shuns at work in a super busy 20 seat tourist town diner? ARE YOU CRAZY?! They hang on the wall in their bamboo "Shrine" and I use them for special dishes. I also love my original Pure Komachi set,cheap but very sharp and look nice.
I use these daily at home for light duty stuff. My home beater is an old high carbon forged that I had professionally reground. The point being,
buy what you like and don't listen to self professed experts,most of them are not experts.If you like it get more,If not,well now ya know.
I agree Vics are the best buy and always recomend them to my home use friends but they're not for me. "Far better than Shun for less"?
DON"T YOU BELIEVE IT! Those are German brands trying to imitate Shun. As far as the edge holding debate goes,serious Japanese chefs
sharpen their knives on a stone EVERY day. The knife I use at work?
 A gaudy tv personality signature knife that I bought on a whim and turned out to be perfect for what I need at work. Ha Ha! enjoy your Shuns! 




 At work we use waitress abrbeviations as joke insults:
"Hurry up ya feakin BBmuf!" " Yeah I'm commin Sesbag!" 




 Just watched this on Netflix and was fascinated. posted the youtube link so everyone can enjoy. 









 Spot on! 




 Douk-Douk knives are very nice for the price. 




 Money 




 Political influence. 




 Mall junk 




 Strap in folks, it's only gonna get worse. Those scum-bags don't even pretend to be working for us anymore. 




 Only two? 




 Saw the origanal Lynyrd Skynyrd band back in the day at an amphitheater with a huge lawn for outdoor seating.Security in those days was just some rent-a-cops to keep people from jumping over the fence.this was THE biggest party I have ever been to, probably 16 to 18 thousand people,booze,all the illicit stuff,everyone just having a rowdy good time and Skynrd were spot-on kick-ass JAMMIN!
But wait...there's more! They played just about all their stuff except Free bird and Sweet home Alabama and said good-night,crowd is really nuts with encores, lighters,(remember that?) and rebel yells.
They come back on and do a short set and finish with Free bird then say good-night again.Crowd is now going nuts again and this goes on for about 1/2 an hour, the stage is dark and people are starting to get ready to leave.A loud voice from the darkness says, "What song is it you wanna hear?"and then,dun dun dada da dun dun dada,and the stage lights up like a Christmas tree.A confederate flag big enough to cover the entire back-stage drops and they launch into Sweet home.
I have never seen anything like it, it was raining beer cans, the screaming could drown out a jumbo-jet,just...nuts. One last thing, this was in upstate NY.
 




 There is a theory that the roots mirror the branches. 




 Rough side with compound for general use,smooth side just as it is for an ultra fine edge. 




 People are good with a little A-1. 




 Eddie Haskel,what a douche. 




 What's red and white on the outside and grey on the inside?
Campbells cream of elephant soup.
What are the specks between an elephants toes?
Slow running pygmies.
How many phsyciatrists does it take to change a light bulb?
Just one, but it takes a long time and the light bulb must really want to change. 




 Very nice! 




 Hobo with a shotgun. 




 Foot ball,base ball. 




 Mega-shark 




