 Breaking Bad, Arrested Development, Community, Friday Night Lights 




 Homeland, concept hooked me right away. Great show 




 Absolutely agree 




 Absolutely not. First of all, I want to see it on the big screen for the first time but also, I will be hitting myself for years when I think back about missing the first time New Star Wars theater experience. 




 I've always thought that PoA is my least favorite book, least favorite movie, but it is the best directed and has the perfect look of the series that set the tone for the rest of the series. The gripe about one little thing is ridiculous to claim against the director saying he is the worst. If you think he did a poor job directing, than that's fine. But one small continuity error that has nothing to do with the story and really holds no ground within the context does not make him a bad director. If anything, that should have been caught by the props department, continuity assistants, producers, and lastly the director.  




 I quote movies and TV every day. Most of them are so obscure, the reference isn't even met by most people. 




 I have not seen Chappie (didn't look like something I'd like) but I actually enjoyed Elysium. Sure, it wasn't perfect but still a good movie. I just think the concept of District 9 was the best so far.  




 I'm not better than everyone but I don't use Twitter and to me # is the number sign or pound button.  




 "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them" was a textbook in the Harry Potter universe written by "Newt Scamander". 

In 2007, JK Rowling wrote a small version of the textbook for Charity and then due to popular demand, released it to the public.

A few years ago she had a discussion with Warner Brothers and the idea was brought up about adapting the story of the fictional author Newt Scamander into a screenplay to make movie. JK Rowling wrote the screenplay and they are turning a fictional textbook character into a movie franchise.  




 Because he is an old guy that looks like every other old guy. Leonard thinks of himself as cool, young, and unique but Britta is saying he is just another old guy.  




 As I said, I know all of the profit doesn't go straight to the studio, but the percentage is different for each film as is the funding for each film. Warners could have only done distribution and not put a dime into the production of the film, they could have paid for all of it, we don't know. The way the profit is split depends on how much money was put in by which company. When a Studio gets half, that most likely means they only paid half, maybe more maybe less. So as far as Warners making money, we don't know. The movie itself, made money.  




 Kramer? Is that you?  




 I recorded it the other day on my DVR it said "Live. Die. Repeat: Edge of Tomorrow" and I've seen that on websites and other places where you can rent and buy 




 It was used throughout the production of the movie. Only before the release they changed it to Edge of Tomorrow. But what I meant was, I think that "All You Need is Kill" is the best title of the 3 titles used and they should have stuck with that in my opinion.  




 Huh? I never said it was a fact. Just because I didn't spell out that I posting my opinion doesn't mean I think it's fact.  




 I know, I just hate Twitter culture...  




 I would get one if it didn't have a damn number sign on it...  




 Considering it is the best title of the 3, I think it does. But it was also called that throughout production. Edge of Tomorrow is what it was first released as 




 The movie was distributed by Warner Brothers and had 4 other production companies that made the film. We have no idea how or who exactly funded what portions of the film besides the 100 mil in marketing. Even a giant studio like Warners takes in outside investors to fund movies. The split of the take of a movie is only estimated based on basic knowledge of movie gross revenue split. The fact remains that it cost $280 to make and made $370. That's considered a success or at least moderate intake. Not even close to a "bomb". 

The rename has not been specifically stated that it was in hopes to get better home video sales, that's just speculation. The truth is that they already thought "All You Need is Kill" was too heavy with the word Kill in it. They used Edge of Tomorrow but thought it was too stock and finally ended up with a mess of a title in "Live. Die. Repeat:Edge of Tomorrow". If anything, that would decrease sales for people trying to find the movie Edge of Tomorrow.  




 Cinematography is the only one that it might get nominated for. Other than that, there was nothing Oscar worthy about it. I'll gladly take the impending downvotes because someone has to look past the hype and be realistic.  




 Baconreader is a simple design. May not look as nice as Sync but it has great functionality and much more options and settings than others. 

Link me: Baconreader 




 It did $370 mil worldwide in the box office on a $180 mil budget. It was successful. The problem is the studio never liked the title "Edge of Tomorrow" as they thought it was too generic. They added the slogan on Theatrical promotional materials "Live. Die. Repeat." By the time it was released on DVD and Blu-ray, "Live. Die. Repeat." was larger than "Edge of Tomorrow" and Live. Die. Repeat. had taken over as a main title. Confusing as hell and just plain stupid 




 That just puts a big smile on my face, haha!  




 I don't care that much but they need to make a damn decision. 

The script was titled "All You Need is Kill" 

The theatrical release was titled "Edge of Tomorrow" 

The DVD/BluRay released was titled "Live. Die. Repeat."  




 My god, I totally forgot about that Troy quote, so damn good!  




 That was a repeat 




 The gang would spit on him until he ran out of the bar and that would be it.  




 YA BIT?!?  




 Easily the best Shut Up Leonard 




 Troy:" You are human tennis elbow. You are a pizza burn on the roof of the world's mouth. You are the opposite of Batman!"

Abed: "I can't remember the name of the girl from that movie... Kids in detention?... Mary Margaret... Molly Ringworm?...You broke me..." 

Annie: "Oh, don't take that. I dropped that class after the lesson on Set-ups. The teacher was soooo old..." 

Shirley:"They remind me of Sam and Diane! I hated Sam and Diane" "We get it! You're Young!" 

Jeff: "Pierce! What is this. What are you doing. Explain yourself."

Britta: "Shut up Leonard! I once mistook 6 people for you at a pharmacy"

Pierce:" Jeff, I think your shirt is trying to get out of your pants"

Frankie:"Jeff says I sound like Abed. I wonder if Britta thinks I sound like Chang. I assume Chang thinks I sound like distant explosions and screaming babies. You know he's unstable right?"

Elroy:"I'm nobodies fourth ghostbuster"

Chang:"Thank you sir. You won't regret this. Unless I rise up against you"

Dean:"Off campus. Im just a Craigular Joe."

Hickey:"Millimeter don't make a difference. Bullets just kinda kill you." 




 Haha! That is absolutely perfect!  




 I've managed to stay away from it all except the first two trailers 




 She wasn't playing the game.  




 It's definitely skippable but there is some decent stuff in there. I'd say watch it but go in knowing that Dan Harmon refers to it, even references it in the show, as "The Gas Leak Year" so it's all just a little off. Haha 




 Still stretching. 




 I have Netflix, Hulu Plus, and have Comcast with the premium package for HBO. I'm not cutting the cord yet but I will cutout Comcast's Premium package in favor of HBONow 




 Finally! Can't wait til I can get rid of the overpriced premium cable package in favor of this. Now just do the $99 for a year subscription and I'm golden 




 [I'll allow it](http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/ill_allow_it_community.gif)  




 Well said. Thanks for clarifying. As you know, we all are incredibly passionate and protective of Community. Next time, just provide a little bit of context and we all love discussing different aspects of the show. But really, I hope you can move on and watch 4, 5, and 6. Nothing will ever beat season 2 for me personally but I truly think season 5 is very close and it has some of my favorite episodes of the series. 6 has been really good too. All else fails, watch them, and if you don't like them, never watch them again. It won't ruin 1-3 for you. 

Good luck and I apologize for the rudeness before context was given.  




 "Ugh, so much Jim-ing..." 




 That's a big stretch. It could be from Its Always Sunny, Breaking Bad, etc. Could just be something funny.  




 Yes, but Robert California was the WORST 




 Kaitlin Olson, Lake Bell, and Megan Ganz, I'm sold.  




 I'm more intrigued now but I was definitely hoping it would have been a live action role. He is the MoCap king though 




 Ok, so there are others. It works better than the typical cheesy product placement 




 "believeable within the universe" of the movie. You are a moron and not worth my time 




 Well, dang. It was worth a try but I respect that for sure. Since my opinion doesn't hold as much ground as yours, mine is Matt's Bar for sure. Thanks for responding though!  




 True. True True True.  




 I agree with you on rather having a group centric episode instead but it was still funny. 

I do however disagree about Meow Meow Beenz. I love that episode 




 Big fan and love the new show Man Finds Food! 

As someone from Minnesota, I'd like to finally clear the air, if you can remember, which was the better Jucy (Juicy) Lucy Burger? 5-8 Club or Matt's Bar?  




 OotP was rushed at times, I'll give you that. But the tone of HBP goes along with the story, for the most part, it has its lighthearted moments as it is the last year for Harry at Hogwarts but then it gets serious again. Even though that book and movie have the most changes, they are both my favorite book and favorite movie. 

As for DH1, the point of the slow middle is to make it feel that a good portion of time is passing by. I didn't even realize that was the reason until re-reading the book. Otherwise months seem like days in the movie. And it's the calm before the storm. DH2 feels rushed because there is so much that happens, yet it's only the last quarter of the book. It is meant to feel like things are all happening at once to show chaos. You watch those two together and they provide one of the best adaptions of a book I've ever seen. 

As for the visuals, as I said in another post, that has to do with the Cinematographer, not the director.  




 It was the most unbelievable part of the movie. Everything else within the universe of the movie was believable except that. You come and call someone a stupid person and you yourself used a stupid use of language and then called me a smart ass teenage girl. If anyone is stupid, that would be you for coming at me with nothing but stupid Grammer, nothing to back you up, and name calling based on you not being able to handle that someone doesn't like something that doesn't make sense 




 They are a sponsor of the show, it happens all the time. Subway is the biggest one, popping up for funny spotlights in Chuck, Pawn Stars, etc. The difference is that I've never seen another example of building story around advertisers other than Community with Subway and now Honda. Dan knows they need advertisers and product placement to survive so like I said, he shines a light on it and makes a story out of it. It's either that or they have to shamefully and awkwardly put their products in multiple episodes and mention them. You make that part of the story and it's hilarious 




 I believe, but could be wrong, that they spent the same as any advertiser to have product placement in the show. The difference is, instead of just showing a Honda or bringing it up casually, Dan Harmon likes to make a story out of it like he did with Subway. There is no need for it but of you have to do it, why not blow it up and shine a light on it and make it into a hilarious storyline?  




 The third movie was the first to have a darker palette. They tried to keep that continuity throughout the end of the series, sometimes definitely too much. But the dark color palette again isnt chosen by the director. Yes, he oversees but overall he lays that to the cinematographer as that is their job not the director. Yates isnt the greatest director ever but he is very solid and made some really good Potter movies. He is used to the universe and will bring the feel of that to Fantastic Beasts. 




 That would be the cinematographer and post production teams mostly 




 Ya know, we are only unwelcoming and awful when someone comes in and puts up a cryptic post that says "Did anyone else stop after season 3? I did. And i think i'm happy with that." From my perspective, that shows a lack of respect for the show past season 3 and a lack of respect for the people that still watch it. Your topic and first comment made it seem as if you were against the show as it is now.

As for the rest, you are very confusing on what you've seen, will not see, where you started, left off. First you say that you stopped after season 3. Then you said you stopped in the middle of season 3 due to "network changes and Harmon normalizing". Then you said you only started in the middle of season 3 and didn't have a chance since then to continue watching (all seasons are on Hulu and DVD and season 6 is on Yahoo Screen for free). Then you said you saw a few episodes of season 4. I am very confused.

EDIT: We actually are a friendly and welcoming subreddit but very protective when someone seemingly comes to troll (I now know you arent but it seemed that way). Anyway, just watch 4, 5,   6. You will struggle through 4 but will be rewarded with 5 and 6. 




 If you were too obsessed, you would have kept watching. The thing you must know is that Dan Harmon never "normalized" anything due to the network pressure. In fact, he was fired for his push back and doing what he wanted. Then season 4 was not good without him so they brought him back for a great season 5 and 6. The cast changes are tough but it's still great. 

What you are saying is like having a kid and loving it so much and as its growing up and is influenced by the outside world, you kicked it out on the street and left it for dead only for that kid to thrive without you. 




 Other than Alfonso Cuaron, he did the best job directing. You do realize scenes being added/changed/removed is mostly who wrote and produced the movie who is Steve Kloves who wrote the screenplay for every movie but OotP and David Heyman who produced all of the movies and is producing Fantastic Beasts. I mean, David Yates had influence on how he wanted the movie made and was able to remove scenes filmed in editing but he does not typically choose what is included and excluded in the script.

As for the tone and pace of his movies, i think they were very well done. Alfonso set the tone in the third movie and David Yates brought that back in OotP. Pacing wise, his movies move swiftly except when trying to show time within the universe passing by (Deathly Hallows Part 1) 




 Absolutely agree. I think season 5 might be my favorite season. Between 5 and 2. But yea, it had some incredible episodes 




 Nope, I'm through season 6 episode 12 and loving it. I'm not a fair weather Community fan. I've stuck with it when the times were tough and then when they were all good again. Season 4 was a little rough but you are missing out on two really good seasons in 5 and 6.  




 THEY BROUGHT THEIR FUCKING TOYS!!  




 Seconded 




 She's as Ann as the nose on Plain's face 




 Alright, so his back story exists in an off hand quote in an article and the purpose is still not justified because even as a weapon, it is never shown used as that in the movie 




 I don't expect the cars to look different. I'm just backing up the person who said the guitar guy was useless and out of place. The only "sense" that can be made of it is either guessing or made up back story. 




 Again, they are better taken care of than all of their cars and everything Immortan Joe owns which is all rusted and shitty 




 The movie is based in an age of brutality with little materials. Everything is decrepit from the cars to the people to the towns. Immortan Joe seemingly has everyone starving and either fighting for him or worshiping him. Yet in all of this, there is a guy who doesn't fight and has an entire car just to hold him and giant amps and his flaming guitar and the drum guys. And again, everything is decrepit EXCEPT for his guitar, and amp/drum car. And how in all of this does an electric guitar and amps like that survive but people barely can?  




 Nah, Hot is easily the best. But they are all really good 




 Make sure to have a hot Butterbeer at either the Hog's Head or the Leaky Cauldron. Seriously amazing!  




 Reposting from the thread yesterday about the same topic: The flaming guitar guy, the repetitive action, Petite storyline, weirdness of the story.  




 Wow, getting called a stupid person  for not liking the caricature guitar guy playing a flaming guitar in the middle of a battle in a movie for which makes absolutely no sense other than to feed into the soundtrack in a way that removes you from the movie. Seriously, even within the logic of the story, it makes no sense.

And next time you try to call someone stupid, make sure you at least use the correct words ("Your" should be "You're") 




 No its not the movies fault but this is the thread asking what we disliked. Having not seen any other Mad Max movies and being convinced by /r/movies and reviews to see it regardless, that's one of the things I didn't like.  




 I have nightmares about that song.  




 HAAAAAaaaaaAAM GirrrrRRRRL 




 Hey guess what. We would have season 6 if it weren't for them. They are our savour and we are their first test. Give them a break and maybe we'll get a season 7 and a better Yahoo Screen 




 You are sort of right about the characters but I wouldn't go as far as saying one trick ponies and definitely not caricatures (like Season 4). The character development happens here and there but it's definitely not the focus as in seasons 1 and 2. And that's really hard to do when you only have 13 episodes as opposed to 22-24

But season 5 and 6 are well beyond season 4. The writing is so much better and the stories are much more Community. Season 5 had some of my favorite episodes of the series.

Give season 6 another chance, you'll see from people's reviews that Community fans are loving it. Yes, it's different. That's mainly due to 3 main characters being gone. It's hard but the new characters turn out really good. It's never going to be the same as the early seasons, but the best part of Community is that they don't try to be like early days. The have evolved with the changes and still managed to hold on to what we love about the show.  




 Me thinks he has been involved in 3 great television series.  




 Loved it. It's odd in the best ways possible.  




 Well, it is created by the creator of Parks and Rec/head writer of The Office 




 It was soooo cheesy 




 The flaming guitar guy, the repetitive action, Petite storyline, weirdness of the story.  




 Star Wars. Why? Because that's the first movie I remember seeing. Maybe not the very first movie I ever watched, but definitely the first one I remember.  




 You are comparing two extremely complex multi storyline mega franchise/universes to 2 burnout horror franchises that continued the same idea the entire way through? Bad examples. 

"Plus just because a film has good reviews and makes big money doesnt mean anything". Those, plus audience reaction, mean everything. How else do you gauge success or if a movie is good or not before seeing it (besides a trailer)?  




 Jurassic Park is absolutely necessary. The 2nd and 3rd are good/decent but take place on a different island so they can be skipped 




 I really think she is talented but she has been type cast as the same role in a bunch of movies now. Bridesmaids was a true great performance from her. I'm glad the reviews are coming in good, I might go see it then. I always like Paul Feig's work 




 Season 4 was a mess (due to the creator/showrunners being fired)  but Season 5 is one of my favorite seasons and 6 has been really good too. B99 is more consistent on the laughs for sure but Community is just a whole nother level of comedy.  




 You should, it only gets better as it goes along. It's really well done 




 But.. But then she wouldn't be on B99... 




 It's great! One of my favorite shows right now. The cast is amazing and more people need to watch it. 

Edit: Come join /r/Brooklynninenine 




 In a thread that most everyone else is just listing a title of a movie, I did the same. I was not prompted, if you would actually read the other comments, you would see that I said my reasons on my own. I hope next time you try to post a "clever" retort, you actually read the rest of the comment chain to make sure what you are posting about hasn't already been covered. That's how Adults sound reasonable. But I forgive you 




 Again, I did say why, in the same thread, along the same chain as these comments, and even before you first commented. You just didn't read.  




 You see, the difference is, no one asked me why. They asked for a list of movies I liked to judge me. I ended up saying what I liked and didn't like about Mad Max in another post in this thread which you just decided to skip.

And again, I wasn't "hating" on Mad Max. There was no reason for your post other than trolling. I went out of my way to explain that I didn't hate the movie, it was just my least favorite.

I know I'm in the minority of thinking Max Max was just okay, but I felt that I shouldn't need to be silenced considering I'm not trolling the movie.  




 They are totally different franchises and being handled totally different by different companies within Disney. 

But anyway, how has Marvel been run into the ground? Last I checked they are hugely grossing movies with quite good reviews.  




 I did explain my reasoning just a few comments down in this same thread. Way to go and not read and then post some garbage comment. 

And why is it that just because I didn't love it (never said I hated it) that I am automatically some men's rights activist? If you read my comment about why I didn't care for the movie, I said it was the subject matter of the movie. The cast, very much including Charlize Theron, was one of the best parts of the movie. 

Why do people get all butthurt when someone has an opposing view of a movie? Especially when I didn't bash the movie.  




 Community 




 No I didn't think Mad Max was bad. But it's all subjective. I didn't care for the subject matter of Mad Max. It looked incredible and I liked the cast but lacked story and was repetitive. So posting which movies I liked doesn't say they are necessarily "better movies", just more my preference.  




 It was Lapari. It would make no sense for it to be a giant mystery if they didn't have a big reveal 




 /r/MadMax 




 Baconreader is simple, yes, but that's what I like about it. Sync looks great but it's kind of cluttered,  doesn't have near the features, and the settings have good customization but not in the right areas.  




 Does it matter? If I had seen only one other movie and liked that better, it wouldn't make a difference because I just didn't care for Mad Max like everyone else did. No matter what or how many movies I list, it's just gonna piss off Mad Max fans to no end because i didn't think it was a masterpiece.  




 I haven't seen a Bad movie this year, but my least favorite thus far is Mad Max: Fury Road. 




