




 That's awesome!  Amazing how close they are, besides the shakiness! 




 I wish they could have a continuous POV.  Maybe it is possible to edit one together using the footage from the video? 




 Instant teleportation!  /r/fivenightsatfreddys 









 That thing is going fast 




 It really should end Looney Tunes style with him falling through the hole he sawed 




 Sure thing, good luck 




 Uppercase S right? 




 Hey it's only giving me email and Steam options, tell me how to fix this.

Do you have a really cruddy email?  Just make a fake account dude 




 Ok hang tight 




 Whats your email or steam account 




 Gettin close again, 1141 




 If anyone really really doesnt have any money message me

EDIT: Alright I'm gonna try and get it to whoever already asked me but I'm not gonna take any more requests 




 Find a computer that works!  If you have a mac get Wine or Crossover! 




 How do I play the demo?  Can anyone link me? 




 This was like a robotic Ecclesiastes  




 Think of eternity less as an infinite extension of time but rather as getting rid of time.  That's nice 









 My reaction was similar because I didn't think people actually rode on real log flumes.  But they did, and it must have been awesome. 




 I heard that it hearts real bad but it kind of looks fun to ride. 














 Really enjoyed it every time I rode it.  The standup experience was very neat 




 Wow!! 




 Glad you liked it! 




 Thank you 














 What on earth 




 Stories of game experiences or nightmares!  Always funny 




 Once we played a version of FNAF 2 in real life.  A person sits in a chair in a dark basement and people with masks on start appearing and closing in from all sides.  The thing is, we could all end the game very easily by being super aggressive but that would totally ruin the suspense.  It is more fun to watch them swing the flashlight from side to side hoping to stay alive! 




 He didn't like the first game but he enjoyed the second one. 




 Honest criticism is the best policy.  People shouldn't be afraid to state what they believe about a game because it may help the creator move forwards in the right direction. 




 Old switchback railways used to be like that, right?  A bench that you would sit outwards on 




 Yeah, here it is http://youtu.be/q-8QaN2Kpx0 









 This is my favorite memory from riding it the first time.  Crazy how the anticipation is overwhelming the first time but now you can go back and just enjoy it. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hG2T_uYDMeM 




 I love Magnum!  Still gives Millennium a run for its money, especially with shorter run times. 




 But I love getting beat up on Ghost Rider 









 Brilliant 




 "I'm afraid I can't do that..."

Is that HAL 9000 speaking? 




 Brilliant 




 Did you try the back seat?  Either side is a real trip over that first drop. 




 Source https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1wBDxez9H0 









 Next Smike video:  Top Ten Scott Trolls 




