 Wow 90%? That's really amazing how far we've come on this. Just a few years ago a doctor friend of mine said Hep C was just as bad as HIV because there weren't very many good treatment options. 




 That's awesome, I love the idea of Siberia as a setting. Like if global warming fries the world and Alaska/Siberia/Canada become home for the mega cities. 




 I think this just kind of happens to everyone as you grow up. I'm still in my 20's but my wife and I mostly just hang out with each other, and when we do go out, it's usually just with other couples for dinner. There's nothing bad about it, and I actually prefer it.  




 I guess trigger control in the 80's meant controling which direction his brains splattered in. 




 Congrats! That's such a great story! 




 Ha, that's pretty awesome.  









 Thanks for the AMA!  




 Agreed. It's what really got me into futurology in the first place. 




 I highly recommend this place to anyone travelling through the Southwest. Truly one of the most beautiful places I've seen in the U.S.  




 Sorry if I didn't phrase that clearly....

I have 4 data points from 2007, 2008, 2009, and 2010. The first 3 years are all significantly higher than 2010, but 2010 isn't significantly lower than any of those 3. How can that be? 




 Really amazing to see how advanced automation is becoming. 




 I bought an "iPod" off of ebay from China. You could load songs on it, but you had to let it play without touching it. If you hit next/pause/back at all, the thing would shut off and you would have to reboot it.  




 From Wikipedia:

In the United States, thousands of wildlife crossings have been built in the past 30 years, including culverts, bridges, and overpasses. These have been used to protect Mountain Goats in Montana, Spotted Salamanders in Massachusetts, Bighorn Sheep in Colorado, Desert Tortoises in California, and endangered Florida Panthers in Florida. 




 Sad...I've been looking forward to seeing this for a year :( 




 A dating sim with all the FF girls... 




 Midgar...of course I live on the upper-plate and not with that slum rabble.  




 I think it's different for each person, but that technique has worked well for me. When I schedule tasks for myself by hour, I find myself more likely to do them. The only thing I would caution about is interrupting flow if you're in the middle of something productive. 




 I'd avoid the Chinese phones personally. Every electronic I've gotten including phones from there have been total shit. I'm happy with my Moto X. 




 Woo Minnesota! 




 Great line. Makes me sad to think that our leaders can't get their heads out of their asses and work together to do something great like that again... 




 Kegels...look at that smile. 




 Well said. 




 What!!! This is the only player I've used since getting Napster 15 years ago! What am I supposed to use now?  




 No way! I totally thought he was just some kind of spirit type thing! 




 Kudos to him. It's great to see the kind of things the human mind can uncover. 




 Seriously, delayed all the time. 




 I've already got a copy, but kudos to you for offering. 




 You should have gone to a midnight opening to buy it. Just walk up to the counter and be like "Please tell me you guys have a Wii U left. I've been waiting all night!" 









 Venezuela doesn't need any help in being destabilized... 




 Badass. Any idea where one could play it? 




 It's my favorite of the series. 




 Nice work! 




 It's like something from Indiana Jones. 




 OMG yes! I was so pumped when I first downloaded the NGE theme, but to this day I still have not been able to get it to work properly. 




 This is really true. I always find that if I can get off to a good start in the morning, the rest of the day takes care of itself.

I also think it's a good idea to get as much done the night before to make the morning easier. I always make my lunch, pack my bag, and lay my clothes out at night. That way in the morning I'm not rushing to get everything ready. I just grab my stuff and go.  




 I totally second this. If I don't stick to a routine every time I work from home, it just falls apart pretty quickly. "Just 15 minutes" of video games/reddit/distractions quickly turns into hours.

So just like u/arrant_pedantry said, I just automatically wake up, run, shower, and then sit down with my computer in a room without a TV and start cranking out work.  




 Hey right by Bobby and Steve's...I used to get personal pizzas there all the time. 




 She's pretty 




 That's so awesome. I love the idea of going to flea markets/yard sales and swapping things for old games. 




 Bummer. Thanks for the response! 




 Sorry if this has already been asked, but can you download the HD collection with all 3 games for the Xbox 360? 

I've seen the physical copy that has all three games (2, 3, and 4) but when I go to the Xbox site or get on Xbox live, it only has an option with two games (and Peace Walker as a separate game): 

http://marketplace.xbox.com/en-US/Product/MGS-2-AND-3/66acd000-77fe-1000-9115-d8024b4e0840 
 




 I wonder what the Germans would have thought on D-Day if they saw a fleet of Miata's approaching... 




 This your bush?  




 A warm bed, tasty food, and good company.  




 Just moved up a weight in my dumbbell bench. Now I'm doing 140lbs for reps. Not huge for most people, but the most I've ever been able to do!  




 I would guess jobs related to entertainment and creative ventures, things that appeal to the human side of us. Like machines may totally design and build the gaming console of the future, and may even program the games, I think a human will still have to provide the story, characters, and relationships that make those games so appealing to us.  




 This really is the most damaging effect of all of this, in my opinion. A strong scientific and technical culture is what gave the U.S. such an edge for so long, and now we're pissing it away over politics.  




 This is really great to see.  




 Congrats bro! 




 Damn, where do I sign up? 









 Anyone tried the Chipotle tofu? I've heard good things but I live on the east coast. 




 Wow...that guy sucks at his job. 




 Just to play devil's advocate here, these companies have to spend billions in R D costs to make these drugs. If they don't charge money to recoup their costs the drugs would never get made in the first place. 




 My only advice on a schedule is to do the important stuff, like job hunting and housework, early right when you wake up.

If you start off with "just an hour of games to get me going", I guarantee that it will turn into an entire day on the computer. 




 Say what you will about her, but "Save the Best for Last" is a great song. 




 No picture? 




 Burn 









 They are pretty shabby. Same goes for any of those "all-in-one" gadgets you find from Chinese/Hong Kong sellers. I bought an MP3/MP4 video/music player. The video function never worked and it would only let you listen to tracks straight through. If you tried to skip ahead or shuffle it would reboot itself. Total crap.  




 Yeah actually. FFVII when I was in 8th grade and I've loved it ever since. My 2nd favorite is also the 2nd one I played: FFVIII. 














 Congrats and welcome! 




 Nice job! And with my favorite trio to boot :) 




 Cats really are great. Sorry for your loss. 




