 PS I'm from Aus, we bastardise the language the most. 




 Now you're just being silly, France would quit that battle within minutes.

Colour  Color 




 Does the same to me with Z. Chrome is confused. 




 Lol.

You Americanised the English language. 

You see how I used an s in Americanised?

REAL English.

Vapour. 




 Any episode with Dale is a great episode.

One of my favourite Dale quotes about Bill when Dale took all of his money "Bill would've just spent it all on something stupid, like himself" 




 Oh, you're bald.. And my the attractive type of bald. 




 Use actual english and not American English and you'll be fine.

Vapour. 




 I was always told that a 'poor man always pays twice' which is so true.

If you skimp out on a product, you'll be paying for another one very soon.  




 Thank you! 




 Which ep was this? I vaguely remember it.. 




 /r/dadjokes would love you over there, you sick freak 




 Video has been removed, any other links out there?

Edit:

Larry Stogner News Reporter Announces ALS Diagnosis   retires on LIVE TV...: http://youtu.be/mDeQ1IU8QFM 




 I started on Liqua as well, damn its a horrible juice once you figure out what else is out there.

Buy your juice locally if you want to, I use Steam E-Cigs in Sydney, then go to nicvape.com and buy your nicotine.

Mix it up yourself dude and you'll never go back, you'll enjoy great tasting juices and can make them as strong or weak as you want.

Careful with liqua as there are a lot of fakes out there. 




 In Aus Dairy Milk is classified as bottom end as well, in my opinion it shits all over the expensive competition. 

Dairy Milk that's on the border of melting is the bomb. 




 This was posted  a year ago, still made me laugh now like I did then.

Don't bother we watching the whole movie, its beyond shit. 




 That stupid HTC bar is still there taking up real estate pointlessly 




 Fucking Strobe.. Best track released by far. 




 Mooooooooom!! 




 If anything, the guy filming is a total douche.

Get the fuck out and see if the driver is ok, instead of just filming him 




 Great to see a fellow Aussie tackling the tech world. Keep it up bud 




 That's a Nexus 5? Great idea though mate, but if any phone needs it, its the Nexus 5.. At least you can get 64gb on the Nexus 6 




 Depending on where you live and who you are, this could be a good and a bad thing 




 How come your pillow is so shitty compared to hers? 




 A lot of these publications still have old writers employed that think it's still 2008.

They have an iPhone and never used anything else 




 Bingo.. Very well put mate 




 Don't worry, eventually sex becomes overrated. It becomes a chore.

I now completely understand why Al Bundy used to groan and moan about it. 




 No probs, some juices do it faster than others 




 5% of the worlds population pick their nose for sexual gratification. 

Holding your pee in and then that awesome feeling of releasing it, is 5% of the feeling of an orgasm 




 Dude.. Your phone is on silent, it's doing what you've told it to do.. Be silent.

Try using a free trial of Poweramp, I think from memory that paused music.. And it's a shit load better than the base music app 




 She looks tougher than most male cops I've seen.

She'll fuck you up! 




 A couple things here mate..

The juice has nicotine in it, as your tank is not airtight, the nicotine is oxidising, this makes it go brown.

The other thing that might happen is that the cotton or wick is so dirty in old coils, it may discolour your juice a little.

My first scenario would be the main cause though  




 Be careful.. Adrenalin is a hell of a thing, if you're in a heated fight, your opponent might be buzzing with adrenalin, that ball kick will be useless.. 

Not to say it won't hurt like hell an hour later though. 




 She squeezed a box in her.. Box?  




 Well maybe that's what the beheading is about.. No one really eats the head I guess.. 




 Brand identity? Blackberry? Not a anymore..  




 "Ohh I like the new camera that Sony has released, I'll pick up the block next week" 

No need to change the whole phone, just change the camera module.

In a world of so much waste, you'll actually now keep
Your phone for 2 years + as you will just change the pieces as you need to.

Removable batteries are back! 




 The 2 finger pull down reveals the whole settings section of the phone once again. 




 http://youtu.be/DnJsv46c8rw

Documentary I'm watching about it.

Being Aus, we have heaps of places similar to this but they're easy to avoid..

Anywhere extreme west of Sydney or anywhere with a large aboriginal population is a no-go zone 




 My Aspire Nautilus always used to gurgle and definitely muted the flavour production. Even with the holes opened full pelt the vapour was low compared to the standard Kanger tanks you get with the starter kit. 

Later versions may have fixed these issues, but for me, it sits in a cupboard and gathers dust.

I should be thankful, the Nautilus is what pushed me over the edge to try mechanical mods and start building my own Kayfuns. 




 100000000000% 

Piece of shit, ugly ass looking tank, with no flavour or vapour.  




 ABCDEFGHIJKRMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ 




 Could also be the top of a foreskin 




 There's another Babka? 




 The fact that you fell for this is brilliant 




 My Muslim mate married a Catholic Italian girl.. He eats pork, he loves it.

Everyone loves pork. 




 Dogs aren't stupid.. He knew what you were doing in there. 




 Can it be changed to 18490 or is it an 18650 tube only? 




 Clip your nose hairs Al, it looks like a giant squid is trying to reach out and take the kids 




 Shazam / SoundHound no good?

Hmm hmm hiiiiiiim.. 




 Leave the title as is, we all knew what you meant, but it still gave us a laugh. 

From personal experience, start of with an evod kit to see if you even enjoy Vaping / Gaping.

Kanger products for a first timer are great, there are a lot of fakes out there so make sure you buy from someone reputable.

The aspire Nautilus is a heap of shit, ugly, massive, tasteless, tank. 

If I hadn't smashed mine out of anger I would've sent it to you for free. 




 You're the 3 J's - a Jew, a Ginger, and you're from Jersey. 

Strike 3 Kyle!  




 I'm thinking it's something else system based, my nexus 5 started doing this after 5.0.1 




 If only the babies head wasn't in the way.. 




 According to my chrome dome, no, no it doesn't. 




 I have an iPad air 2 from work and the nexus 9 that I bought myself.. 

As much as I hate iOS, the iPad is definitely better in all other aspects. 

Even the front facing speakers aren't too crash hot 




 Err.. They look like mother and daughter.. As long as she's over 18, all power to you. 




 March 6th is my 1 year anniversary since quitting analogs. 

Started when I was 14, am now 30, this is the longest I've ever stopped smoking, and to be honest, there's no chance of heading back. 




 Samsung has a better one called the SBasket, Apple doesn't invent everything you fanboy. /sarcasm 




 Can confirm, 30 year old here and already had New Years last night.. 2am we all packed up shop and hit the hay. 

Was a good night. 




 Well, the cover / magic case, is a heap of shit / 10 




 Folio Cover is what they're usually called? No?  




 I hate you so much you brilliant man / woman!

Where we're you a week ago!

Thank you so much mate, ordered! 




 Annnnnnnd its out of stock

:) 




 So, I just received the folio today from Google, and bought the indigo colour.

Colour is beautiful, not too bright, not too extravagant, just a nice mint / blue mixture, like putting toilet blue in an algae infested pond.

The fit:
This is where it fails miserably, it does everything you want an original cover not to do.

1) it doesn't sit on the device properly, it constantly moves and shuffles over the device.

2) the magnets are WEAK. It will constantly fall and pull off as you use it. 

3) the folding of the rear tabs will almost certainly pull it off the device.

4) for what you're getting, its expensive.

The good.

1) If you leave it in the TV watching position and don't touch it at all, it works fine.

2) Google ships it in a box that can fit 80 of these cases in there, it won't feel suffocated or uncomfortable in the box during shipping.


Overall Score: 3/10

Edit - Nexus 9 Smart Cover: http://youtu.be/vW_0F6UYOu4

I added a video of it. 




 I love my Nexus 9, not sure I'd recommend it though.

Its like Google found the perfect way to piss me off this year.

Release a 9 inch HTC tablet : shit build quality, shit screen bleed, shit price, the shittest folio cover and shit screen flickering.

Release a new phone: make it gigantic and unusable with one hand. Make it overly expensive.

Google this year has pissed me off 




 Good find.

All you need to find now are those blue shipping containers  




 Ha! When I couldn't find tape, I'd jam rolled up balls of paper on there. 




 And they're ripping / on-selling steam e-cigs juices and naming of the juices..

That's a shit effort.  




 Can't help with Juice at this stage, but steam e-cigs in Roseberry is a good B M to shop at, and its about 15 mins out of the city. Relatively close to train stations as well. 




 I didn't realize pagers still even existed  




 You in Aus? 




 This is why we also have /r/nsfwmomoftheyear 




 According to Google, they release stock every Wednesday 




 So now I have a video of a tranny dancing in my YouTube history.

Good quality video though! 




 What scares me is doctors saying that everyone will experience one in their lifetime. 

 




 For fucks sake, I don't give a fuck about the rest of your comment, but stop referring to people from Arab countries as wogs.

Europeans don't want to be entangled in the same web as being Arab.

Its an insult worse than being called a wog. 




 - "how's about Nooo!, you crazy Dutch bastard". Austin Powers Gold member 




 Or leave it a full speed.. The slow-mo ruins it for me 




 Really? To the kevels of countries where gun laws are relaxed?

I dont think so. 




 Fight or Flight.. 

And this guy had the balls to fight, what a champion, and will be remembered as a champion.

I hope his family and friends find solace in knowing that he saved many lives at the cost of his own.

The other positive is that the cunt holding them hostage was shot dead.. As usually they'd arrest him, then hold him in prison where tax payers will feed him and clothe him, along with some fuckwhit lawyer that would be fighting for his innocence. 

Secondly, what's up with the bonehead news reporter from the US claiming this wouldn't have happened if we had more relaxed gun laws?

Let's compare the shooting / murder rates between Aus and the US per capita. 




 They're saying 'slut' in all the magical different ways. 




 Stupid Jimmy. 




 Fraser island in Qld Australia has the same clear water 




 The N9 contrary to everyone else bitching and moaning about it, is actually a fantastic tablet.

Coming from a N7, the 9 is blisteringly fast and with 5.0 is a perfect match.

The only down side to the 9 is the crappy power and volume buttons that are sunk in too deep, and the screen bleed. 




 I'm an android fanboy, I have the nexus 9 and an iPad air.. When it comes to build quality, the iPad is far more supreme 




 This is brilliant. 




 no no.. Scholar first, to become a Gent.

 




 Well, smart phones didn't have a decent camera till about 2008. My guess is that he/she (redditor) would now be about 12-14 




 Am I the only one that has actually had a positive experience with my N5 and battery life?

I'm getting at least 10-15% more battery life over the day  




 Just fixed my auto correct.

Same here, I have no issues with vaping being restricted to smoking areas and cubicles when taking a dump. 




 Yep, you just can't puff on it in the office at your desk 




 Why are the greens in general such a negative impact to Australia and its society?

You always seem to team up with the worst government at the time and do nothing but slow the economy down.

How are you going to change this and actually be more productive? Along with breaking the stigma that you're just another bunch of tree hugging hippies?.

We know all about global warming blah blah blah, what are YOU actually going to do about it rather than just telling us what you WOULD do if you ever had power..

Why would you even join the greens knowing well that you'll never stand alone as a party and will always be a tag along?

Sorry for the multiple questions, but you're the one on the stand doing an AMA, and this is my 'anything' I'm asking. 




 Go and buy a metre of plastic hose for fishtank pumps etc..

Cut it into tiny pieces that cover the tip.

This is how my local vape shop does it 




 5.. Fucking 5.

I can't get more than that and it frustrates the shit out of me.

Lollipop and the android flappy bird ruined my Nexus 5 




 I always thought the audience was behind the TV? 




 Yeah well, I have an Aus made car with an LS1 In it. I need both socket sets to work on it.  




 Well, I'm having troubles at home  




 Your response was one of those 'well that escalated quickly' although in reverse.

Nice post though dude / dudette. 




 I just wanna see it on my wrist for sizing 




 Inbox sucks. 




 Its not very often that something actually makes me 'lol' .. Your comment is today's winner 




 Try turning the notifications off? That's the main reason why you now need to swipe  




