 Oh, LordyI could write a thesis on this. Does anyone need a ZA thesis for their college final? I got you.

So, to try to distill it down to a bite-sized morsel, I already live in the middle of nowhere, so thats check one: be away from people. I already have enough basic essentials to last me a few months, so thats check two: dont get noticed until things calm down. Yes, I know. Not very action-packed. But hiding in a dark house with the shutters closed is realistically your best bet. Once the initial collapse begins to taper off, then you can get a feel for how things are developing and actually come up with a plan of action for how to proceed. But before that point, theres just too many variables. Everything else would just have to be dealt with on a case-by-case basis, using my best judgment for the circumstances. 




  Nicks got questions! Ill do my best.

1. While I dont have any solid story ideas already developed, I fully intend to return to the universe that I created for The Remaining. I think theres just too much going on there and Id love to dive in and address some of the other stuff that's going on, not only in the US, but maybe elsewhere in the world?

2. Actually the rights for the screen adaptation have been secured. They were secured a while back, and to be honest, Im not holding my breath. Hollywood is an amazingly fickle creature, and theres a strong possibility itll never actually be turned into anything on the screen. Id be pretty jacked if it did, though!

3. Did I have a roadmap? Lets see. How I approached The Remaining series was kind of like getting in your car and saying, Okay, Im in New York. I want to get to Los Angeles. I know at some point in time I will have to pass through some Midwestern states, and probably go over some mountains and bodies of water. And then you throw the atlas out the window, dash your GPS device on the curb, and hit the gas, heading in the general direction of west.

4. Fractured. That thing was a sonofabitch. Not only was it the longest one in the series, but it also had a lot of interplay going on, which, prior to that point, I hadnt really gotten into. It took me a while to figure out how to get all those threads to tie together in a way that not only made sense, but was fun to read. All in all, I love how it came out. But I probably tore my hair out the most on that one.

5. Well, without going into too much detail, Im shopping out a book right now called Wolves, and Im writing the first of a three-part series that I.have no idea what Im going to call. Wolves is a work Im really proud of and cant wait to get it out, whether its traditionally published or self-published. It really delves into some of the worst and best parts of humanity.

6. Yes, Id love to get those two short stories out. Ive been planning on starting a blog/website and posting them to there, butIve been procrastinating. Sorry. 

7. To aspiring authors, I would say just write. Sit down and write. Write until you have a book. Don't worry about whether it's good or not. Just get it down on paper (or screen). You'd be amazed at the breakthrough of just finishing a book. Then you can worry about whether it's good or not. But first it needs to actually exist. 




 Yes it does! July 28th.

JL Bourne was a big inspiration for me, actually. Just the fact that he made it from posting these stories on his blog while overseas? I thought that was pretty awesome. And yes, I enjoyed the books too, although I wasn't quite expecting the ending... 




