 Bullet 10, page 8 of the Senate report clearly states the CIA manipulates the media to, in turn, manipulate public opinion. Evidence that this exact type of article cannot be trusted without supporting evidence. Evidence anonymous polls are unable to provide. 









 Laughed hard 



















 Almost 2015
Trying this hard 




 Reading about the Pioneer plaque, and Sagans contribution to it. Then I started thinking to myself "How would we translate that same type of  message if we saw it?" Do we know the location of other stars relative to pulsars? 

Thanks! 









 I can only speak for myself when I say I personally follow this because I'm stunned there's anyone left in the political process willing to call out the banks. It's encouraging to know not everyone has given up. 




 "So let me say this to anyone who is listening at Citi  I agree with you. Dodd-Frank isnt perfect. It should have broken you into pieces.

Amazing. 









 I would strive to be worthy of returning as Glenn Howerton. 









 If corporations are people, and Sony is paying hackers to DDOS sites on the web, the DoJ and the FBI need to start opening cases against Sony immediately. 














 You are advocating terrorism. How you sleep at night is beyond me... 









 Making this issue out to be a Bush vs Obama issue is disgusting and beneath this nations reputation. 

Obama wrote an executive order banning these techniques, an order Bush COULD have signed in the form of a bill passed by the House and the Senate but he chose instead to VETO a bill requiring CIA to conform to the Army Field Manual when utilizing interrogation strategies. 

Obama has allowed drone strikes, NSA wiretapping and many other atrocities, but don't try to tie CIA torture around his neck. This one is owned by the Bush administration generally and GWB/Dick Cheney specifically. It is a stain on our country the likes of which has not been seen since slavery and any attempt to justify it or distract from the topic is indefensibly atrocious.  





























 I hope each box comes with only a fortune cookie. Inside the cookie, a random quote from Ted Cruz. 









 LOL! 




 Quite the opposite. You may have made it better. 




 Cannot unsee 














 Picture? 




 I collect things people think others shouldn't own. It's a weird hobby sometimes. My unopened series one bin laden versus USA handheld video game is probably near the top of the list. No idea of value, but just for sheer "WTF", it's my prized one. 




 Also, how much do you have/want? What is your prized possession in your collection? 




 That is astoundingly selfless. 




 The TLC channel to go bankrupt.  














 They definitely frighten me. 




 I'm thinking a Fleshlight 





























 "Emma Watson has extraextramarital affair with Emma Stone" 




 "Now That's What I Call Not Music" Volume 1? 




 "George W. Bush states videotaped encounters with gay escort were a  'misunderstanding' "  




 "I have a meeting in the morning so I can't be out too late." 




 I love Warren and agree wholeheartedly on this topic. However, she should divorce herself of Manchin immediately, he could not be a worse partner. The guy is worthless. 


































 Calling in sick to my job in NYC, then watching the events unfold that morning on September 11th, 2001. Really messed me up. Office was next to WTC 7, and I never went back. Quit that day.  









 Compare George Zimmerman to Ted Bundy and he looks like a boy scout. It's not the volume. It's the act itself IMO 




 That makes one of us. 









 I'm interested to see your source for that definition, because I can't find anything stating a stereotype must be based on observance. In fact, the stereotypes of southern Americans being inbred would be virtually impossible to observe unless you are incredibly perverse and have a lot of time on your hands. 




 How would a poor black person afford KFC? That is an expensive place to eat. And don't get me started on Popeyes raising their menu prices. 




 Yes, because no stereotype ever sprung to life out of ignorance and fear... 




 West Virginia. All of them. 









 Until you collectively start punishing the ISP's that are paying these douche bags, you're not helping anything. You need to hit Comcast and Verizon where it counts. THE WALLET.

"I don't have any other options" you say?

Then you're contributing to the problem. 




 How is Russia dependent on the US dollar? Not sure how that works. Their banking? Industry?  Sorry, genuinely curious about that.

And the shift from our currency isn't just these two, it appears to now involve Qatar, even Canada.(http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2014-11-10/petrodollar-panic-china-signs-currency-swap-deal-qatar-canada).




 







































 War on Soda 




 Nice to see something funny posted to r/funny every now and then. 




 I could wear that quote on a shirt. 




 I was thinking Pasteur, but whatever fits. 




 "Comcast welcomes the FCC ruling." 




 Since you invited it, I'm afraid you're a defeatist. Fortunately, as history has shown, it only takes one person to create the change millions say is impossible. 



















 From Terminator II to Edge of Tomorrow and tons of examples in between, I have always seen characters discover keys to a vehicle by opening the sun visor. Does anyone actually keep keys there? Where did this start? 









 It's in the sky. It's an object. I can't identify it. It's a UFO to me until you reverse any of those points. 









 Best script for a montage ever. 




 One of my least favorite words in the English language. 




 We tend to make it theatrical. Each argument has some ridiculous genesis, so the endings typically have to be creative and have a bit of flair. If it keeps up, by the time we're 50 we're going to be hiring full time script-writers. 














 So, completely different than the US? ;)

Similar for me. I think the concept of electoral college needs to go, centralized banking needs to go and I think we should elect Presidents for one 8 year term without ability to run again and Congress for one 4 year term without ability to run again so they get in office, focus on the work and then get out without having a few years of campaigning overlapping with "work".

 




 LONG answer, sorry in advance but - 

Similar situation with me, as you saw in prior discussion. My heart still feels "abnormal" and it's been 10 months. A heaviness or squeeze...I can't explain it  but I feel like I am cognizant of every heartbeat and this is new to me since my heart attack/myocarditis dx.

I had the flu last December, then a week or two after recovering, I was drinking with my wife at an event and felt sudden pain in my heart. Significant. I was half drunk  so I actually joked about it with her. "Wow if my arm starts to hurt I'm in tr- OW FUCK". I took way more aspirin than I should have and went to the ER, they doubted me until they saw lab results blah blah blah.

Long story short, staying at Johns Hopkins, the cardiologist told me myocarditis is difficult to positively diagnose and even more difficult to treat since many times the root cause of the issue is unknown. While still in the hospital, I receive a call from the wife of a friend of mine who I had not seen in several years. Come to find out he had a heart attack post myocarditis diagnosis and was in intensive care.35 years old. I'm 34. 

His wife asked me for advice about what to tell the doctors, what to have them look for since I seemed like I was about to be discharged and he was in a hospital in another state. 

The next day, he died.

Fast forward to now, and sometimes I think I'm losing my mind. I still feel each heart beat, I'm fucking terrified of getting the flu again and it feels like the medical community as a whole knows fuck all about myocarditis or what to do to prevent it. Every single doctor I've dealt with has a different opinion.

I love Johns Hopkins and I do feel it's an amazing medical center, but even their internal staff have differing opinions on what it is and how it should be dealt with. Some told me it will resolve and I'll be fine. Others told me it can be chronic and I have to weigh myself daily to watch for fluid retention or congestive heart failure symptoms. Some told me it was "just one of those things" and I'm fine. Others told me it could significantly impair me for the rest of my life.

One doctor (Hopkins is a learning hospital so you get a million docs) told me this summary "Myocarditis is so incredibly rare, it's essentially winning the worst lottery you can think of. And I have a better chance of guessing tonights winning numbers than telling you if you will go through this again."

What I have learned of myocarditis is : It seems to strike a disproportionate amount of healthy young men between 18-35 (obviously it affects more than just healthy young guys), it's possible to survive it with minimal scarring or damage if you take aspirin or blood thinners the moment you feel a true onset (at least that's how it went for me. Heart MRI showed "virtually no scarring"), it causes anxiety, depression, insomnia etc, it feels as if it changes the way my heart feels in my chest, there are many cases of chronic myocarditis and there's no definitive way anyone has explained to me to be declared "cleared" of it or to be certain it won't happen again. 

Sorry for the lengthy rambling, I am at work on break and this is something I'm incredibly passionate about. I wish you the best in health, you are so much younger than me and I felt like a kid on the telemetry wing, I can;t imagine how this is impacting you. Feel free to message me if you ever need to vent, I'm as sympathetic as anyone. Take care.

tl:dr - myocarditis is largely a mystery in healthcare and it messes with your head
  



















 Humanoid figures that communicate in Gilbert Gottfrieds voice. 




 I'm curious how they managed to keep this buried until now. Then they only admitted it in regulatory filings. They didn't even come out and admit this happened until they absolutely had to. 









 Hearing scheduled to start at 09:00 Mountain Time in Colorado. 



















 TIL SJW's post more exaggerated stories on Reddit than any other website I visit. 









 chemistry.about.com/cs/howthingswork/a/aa011604a.html

"Why the flu vaccine doesn't work"

This is coincidental correlation in OP article. Please stop posting this garbage, it makes those of us who are pro vaccine look like assholes. The flu vaccine is one the least beneficial health tactics ever, and yes I'm counting thalidomide when I say this.

It invokes a false sense of trust that makes people like OP and the thousands who upvoted this article feel "safer" when they receive it, when the science says otherwise. Denying the science behind the ineffectiveness of flu vaccinations is like denying the science behind climate change - you are intentionally skewing data to see things the way you want to see them.  









 I'm sorry, I don't speak stupid. Is there someone that can translate this? Thanks. 




 For some reason, there doesn't seem to be any books to add. I looked everywhere, but you cannot add books to your Juggalo. 









 Horrible moderation (ie Bathia). Horrible layout. Inconsistent policy enforcement. Overall it just fell apart. The failure to keep up with the times led to it becoming a joke. And I was a first/second year Farker, I used that site for nearly 8 years before abandoning it because of the above mentioned things. 




 Obviously it doesn't remove water from existence lol as I stated, this is based on an assumption the water would be reintroducted into the same running units as it evaporates.  




 Air conditioning dehumidifies and draws moisture from the air. Could millions of air conditioners in a condensed area impact rain cycles in any way? Making the assumption that the water that precipitates and falls from any of the units then evaporates and enters a unit again.

Thanks! 














