 Cool I still thought they were using two different cores, one with attachment points and one without.  It makes sense though that they would merge them and just not attach the legs, since they are all about simplification and keeping things as uniform as possible. 




 Yea I would guess something went wrong too, but it would be nice to hear something official from SpaceX.   




 Wait so do all the cores have leg attachment points now? 




 takeoffs are optional, landings are mandatory

I love that quote its a great truism from the aviation industry.   




 While it is true that the successful burns after entry are signs that no catastrophic damage is taking place, until they can do more thorough testing you can not rule out the possibility that the engines are experiencing stresses during entry that they would not experience otherwise.  Weather or not these stresses would affect the life of the engine is also unknown.  

Exploring new frontiers in engineering and rocketry is fun. 




 Do we have any ideas why SpaceX has not released anything on CRS-4? 




 That is true 




 You are mistaken, this is only the second landing attempt for the drone ship.  The first one was [CRS-5](https://vine.co/v/OjqeYWWpVWK) where the grid-fins ran out of hydraulic fluid.  The second was [CRS-6](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BhMSzC1crr0) that happened just a few days ago.  There was supposed to be a try back in Febuary, on the [DSCOVR Launch](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OvHJSIKP0Hg) but due to heavy seas the [Drone Ship was Disabled](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKhwGOVGWUs). SpaceX instead just did a soft water landing on where the drone ship was supposed to be if it had not been disabled.  Elon said that the booster landed within 10m of where it was supposed to. I think that might be where your confusion came from about the booster missing the drone ship, but in reality they were not trying to land on the drone ship, because it had been damaged.   




 Check out www.crewbay.com you might be able to find what you are looking for. 









 You also have to remember that there is throttle control, so if the computer calculates that the rocket will reach 0 vertical velocity too high or to low, it can throttle to move that goldilox zone to the correct altitude. 




 They have a good point but they forgot about things like Juno 




 How did you do that? 




 It is cool when you think about it. 




 Ok I will address your points. Starting with your last one.  Yes police can do this if you were the first person to buy it but if you bought the gun from a pawn shop or at a gun show or other places where sales are not tracked, it is basically impossible to figure out where the gun came from besides where it was originally sold.

Addressing your points about stolen guns.  It is not hard to think of a way to remedy this.  Simply have a place to report when your gun is stolen.  I do not think that it is unreasonable to require people to report a stolen gun in a timely manner after all it is a weapon and it is dangerous, the police should know if it has fallen into the wrong hands.  Even if you didn't it does not necessarily mean you would go to jail.  A fine or a small misdemeanor charge for failing to report your gun as stolen would be fair and not very burdensome.  

As for the gun store being robbed thing.  I would think if they dont do this already, a gun store would have an inventory of what weapons they have in stock as well as the serial numbers associated with all those weapons.  Simply go through the inventory and figure out which guns were stolen and then make sure that it is noted in the registry.  When those guns start to turn up at crime scenes you can interrogate the criminals about where they got the guns from, and start to make connections and possibly figure out who the people who robbed the store are, if you haven't already caught them from security footage and other evidence from the crime scene.

I do not think that a gun registry would fall apart from a few stores or people getting robbed.  I think the bigger problem for a gun registry would be the huge amount of guns on the market right now that are not registered.  But this could also be addressed with some simple but effective measures.  You don't have to require everyone to come register all their guns now or go to jail.  You could simply start requiring that all sales and transactions from a certain date forward must be logged and imputed into the registry.  Then its as simple as targeting seller that are not following the regulation.  Over time the registry would grow as new guns enter the market and old ones are bought and sold and are added to the registry.  

Now obviously there will be a black market, but there is already a black market for guns.  The idea is over time with more and more guns will be registered it will steadily make it easier to keep track of how guns are getting from stores to crime scenes.

You can imagine a lot of these regulations like regulations on owning a car.  In fact owning and driving a car is much harder than owning and using a gun in most circumstances.  For a car in order to own and drive it you must have a drivers liscence, the car must be registered to you, you must re-register each year and pay apropriate taxes and your car must be inspected each year there are tons of things like this for cars.  What I am proposing here for guns is only one small part of the tons of stuff you already have to do for a car.  All you would have to do is register the gun in your name, and when it is sold to someone else you must report them as the new owner.  the same way that when you sell someone a car the ownership must be transfer to their name. 




 Dude chill out we are having a nice discussion here no need to explode.  

Let me explain.  In my opinion what I said is constitutional.(It's just my opinion it's not a big deal)  I don't think that the second amendment was ever intended to cover things like cannons, mortars, RPGs, and automatic weapons.  I also think that the 2nd amendment does not mean that reasonable regulations can not be placed upon the sale of firearms.  I think basic things like background checks and a nationally regulated gun registry are perfectly reasonable regulations.  I also feel the about hand guns the same way that you feel about explosives that you should be able to get them but it should not be as easy as a rifle.  

I am trying to explain that it is not that our beliefs are completely different, We are just at different parts of the spectrum.  One end of the spectrum is ban on all fire arms/weapons, and the other end is buy whatever weapon you want without restrictions.  

As for the Second Amendment, the constitution was designed to be able to be modified.  I don't necessarily think it should be, but the second amendment is not the end all be all.  After all the 18th amendment bans alcohol, but obviously that got changed.  The Constitution was designed to be difficult to change not impossible, and the Founding fathers made it with the full intention that it would change in the years to come.

Just to be clear I am not saying we should get rid of the 2nd amendment.  I just wanted to make that clear. 




 That is what is important to understand here

That is where you draw your line, Explosives.  The same way you feel about explosives is the way I feel about hand guns.  Hand guns is where I draw my line. 




 Ok what about a missiles? Should people Be able to buy a Javelin a patriot, or a cruise missile?

And why do you want to keep the laws on explosives? 




 Right now you have to go through a lot of paperwork though.  You said you wanted to get rid of that.  I am saying would you want to make it so that anyone who wants to could buy an RPG no restrictions just like you said above? 




 Would you support people being able to buy RPG's and Bazookas? 




 With this innovation, how long would it take to go into production if they started developing an electric or hybrid 172 right now. 




 Not quite right now  the Solar panels can't keep up with the draw.  But it is getting better and better 




 Would you support people being able to buy new machine guns? 




 I think you don't understand what innocent until proven guilty is.  IUPG means they can't put you in jail until they actually convict you with a crime.  Basically you can not be labeled a murderer until they actually convict you of the murder.

In this case they would charge you with not doing the gun registration correctly, and then it would go to court and you would either be convicted or not convicted.  

Until you actually are convicted they **can not** put you in jail and hold you indefinitely. 




 I am not saying it would be 100 percent perfect, but having a gun registry would make it much easier to see where guns are going at least on the legal side.  As I said above.  Yea one stolen gun would not be something that a gun registry would work well against but if the gun registry has tracked a bunch of stolen guns back to you over time it starts looking a lot like those guns were not stolen by accident (AKA straw buyer.).  The point is not that it would be perfect, but it would make a huge difference with keeping track of guns and how they are they are ending up at crime scenes.  Imagine if you are arrested for a drug crime and they find a gun all they have to do to check if it is legally bought or not is go to the gun registry and see if you are the legal owner.  Right now they pretty much have no idea how you got it. 




 Of course gun registration would not be very effective against one guy but when they have tracked down 5 guns to you you start to look a bit more suspicious.  

Also about existing laws that are similar to gun registration.  They are a joke.  Usually only the first sale needs to be logged or is logged and some of the laws say that the log is not allowed to be kept on a computer, which is crazy.  Plus I believe none of them are interstate which makes them almost pointless. 




 I feel like the advantage to the rules I mentioned is they are much easier to enforce compared to things like laws against concealed carry and stuff.  Although I support these rules. 




 yea I agree 




 Trying to grow the sub quickly before the New Horizons Space Probe encounter with Pluto in June.  

We need to people to help out posting updates, and plug the subreddit in other subs to try to grow it in popularity.  Please come over to /r/New_Horizons and check it out even if you are not interested in modding. 




 Wow that was a crazy attack I didn't realize that plane was still around. 




 Go you. 




 I saw an article recently saying we should send a rover to Pluto, how big and costly would this be? 




 oops i don't know how that happened.  I thought i linked to the picture. 









 I support what you said about handguns.  Although I don't feel like you should get rid of them I feel like it should be much harder to get them. 




 The problem is the way they are worded now is so ambiguous that a lot of times whoever shoots first is in the right.  That is very dangerous because where does it stop.  Defining what is a threat to you can be very ambiguous. 




 I don't agree with that statement.  I support gun control but I do not support a total ban. 




 Ok I hope you see this, because this is important to me.  

I support more gun control.  I am not one of those guys that has never touched a gun.  I personally own a 20 gauge Remington 1100 shotgun, and a my family has a 410 as well as a rifle and an antique double barrel shotgun.  I have shot guns on many occasions I have shot pistols, rifles, and shotguns.  I enjoy skeet shooting although I have not had the time to go lately.  

That said I support significantly more restrictions on guns than what we have now.  I am not saying we should get rid of guns, but it should not be as simple as going to a pawn shop or gun convention and just handing over the cash.  

These are weapons not toys and can kill you and others.  That is the first thing you ever learn when learning to handle a gun.  Yet in many cases buying gun is easier and requires much less time or over-site than buying a car.

I support some very basic but effective forms of gun legislation.

1. A national gun registry.  The reason for this is simple.  If you start tracking who owns which guns it will be easier to track down who the last legal owner was.  Gun advocates like to say criminals will not follow the laws, and that is true, but 99% of guns originate from a legal source.  Some guy buying a gun in a gun store or a gander mountain or something.  The trick to reducing the amount of illegal guns is tracking down who is buying them legally and then selling them illegally(straw buyers).  A gun registry would create a history for a gun and then it would be as simple as going to the last legal owner and asking what happened to the gun afterwords.  Perhaps asking why he or the guy he sold it to did not go through the correct procedures of registering the gun with the new owner.  
The problem is right now the police find a gun at a crime scene, and they don't even know where it came from.  It could have originated from practically anywhere and that makes it incredibly hard to track down who these straw buyers are.  
2. Secondly I support universal background checks for all sales private or public.  If you want to buy a gun we should make sure you are sane, and not a criminal, its that simple.
3. Last, and this is not as important as the first two, I support significantly more restrictions on handguns compared to shotguns and rifles.  They are small and concealable and that makes them much more dangerous.  If you want to own one I think you should have to jump through a few more hoops.  The fact is it is a lot easier to commit a crime with a hand gun than a rifle.

Now I understand that these would not be 100% effective off the bat.  But the idea is over time you would be reducing the amount of illegal weapons and keeping much better track of the ones out there. As well as making it harder for criminals and crazy people to get ahold of them.  

Please tell me what you think I'd like to know what you think about the things I proposed. 




 God this made me laugh so hard. 




 Interesting fact Mark Hamilton played Fire Lord Ozai in Avatar the Last Airbender 




 Wow I am amazed that guy didn't get his arm torn off. 




 Dude we should send this to Google it would be so easy for them to add this support.  Compared to foreign languages this would be a breeze to program for. 




 I think we need to get Peter to do an AMA. 




 I understand that we do not host content.  By carful I mean not get into the habit of supporting leaked material.  /r/spacex should not be the place to get the latest inside unauthorized scoop on SpaceX. 




 That is awesome its too bad there is not a ATLA video game 10/10 would play. 




 Yea I hope nobody ever does anything that stupid.  It would be bad for everyone involved on so many levels. 




 Yea I am not saying the videos or the community are bad, but we just need to be careful.  I am glad the Admins are already on top of this and ready incase a bigger more serious leak happens. 




 Well that was weird.

Serious question how did they get a 3D model of Korra?  Is that how they do all of the animation for Avatar? 




 Yea I feel like it is becoming very dangerous how Terrorism charges are thrown around these days.  It's starting to become a charge that you can apply to anything.  It's starting to become like thought police. Did he want to hurt America? Than he is a terrorist.   




 Yea I like the videos, but I feel like this is not good for them to be getting leaked like this.  I really hope SpaceX keeps releasing the videos.  

I remember somebody mentioning that SpaceX will continue to support /r/spacex and the fan community until they become a thorn in their side. I feel like leaks like this are starting to make us look more like a liability rather than just a fun fan site.  It does not seem like much but Imagine if someone posted detailed engine schematics or something I doubt that SpaceX would continue to support us.    




 While that would be fun, I think SpaceX would not want to take the risk of its competitors figuring something out from said wreckage.   




 Its crazy how similar they look to smoke from a  fire, and volcano eruptions just a lot slower. 




 Perhaps he needs to find a new committee to chair. 









 Put it in the sidebar than.  This is awesome. 




 Where was the antique roadshow reference? 




 Wow that was awesome I wonder if the engines and legs might still be on the deck? 




 good thinking 




 That would be great.  The guy has a great message (campaign finance reform), and form the video interview the Tampa Bay times did it sounds like he has his head on strait(Ignoring the fact he flew into DC that is pretty crazy).  He didn't just fly it up there, he did a lot of planning, and it sounds like he did his best to alert authorities of his plans, kind of amazing no one stopped him. 




 I love the [video at the bottom](http://launch.newsinc.com/share.html?trackingGroup=69016 siteSection=tbtimes videoId=28895951) of the [Washington post article](http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/local/wp/2015/04/15/a-gyrocopter-just-landed-on-the-capitol-lawn/).  he does not sound like a crazy nut job at all, he is trying to make a statement about campaign finance.  What a great thing to make a statement about. 









 god this video is great  

http://www.washingtonpost.com/posttv/national/protesters-describe-gyrocopters-capitol-descent/2015/04/15/a9527df2-e3a6-11e4-ae0f-f8c46aa8c3a4_video.html

These guys are just having a great time not the freaked out crap you usually see 




 I wonder what they are going to do with the gyrocopter?  Will it end up on one of those government auction sites? 




 I didn't realize the pictures before were in black and white. 




 You should post this at /r/New_Horizons. 




 If you guys are interested in this should come check out /r/New_Horizons. It is dedicated to posting updates about New Horizons as it gets closer to Pluto. 




 If you guys are interested in this should come check out /r/New_Horizons. It is dedicated to posting updates about New Horizons as it gets closer to Pluto.   




 If you guys are interested in this should come check out /r/New_Horizons. It is dedicated to posting updates about New Horizons as it gets closer to Pluto. 














 Trying new things makes a girl very cool.  I don't mind if a girl has not done something before, what makes her very uncool in my mind is when she is completely unwilling to try it. 

Example, I like camping.  I don't mind if a girl has never been camping before but before you say no you should at least come camping with me and try it, before saying you don't want to.  who knows you might find something you like.  

TLDR: Trying new things makes you very cool. 




 wow a 7 digit phone number those were the days. 




 Wow that was silly.  




 I don't think that any of the User tagging features are working. 




 http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/11117/111175529/4102706-3453564798-Right.jpg 




 Any idea when it is going to become available? 




 lol It will be interesting to see what /u/spkr4thedead51 thinks about this. 




 Did we figure out who won?  It did sort of land on the barge yet there is not currently a rocket on the barge. 




 I think your logic is good, but it looks like the problem here was not landing, but moving too fast sideways while landing.  They landed right in the center of the the drone ship.  

Plus with your C130 option assuming you could make it so a C130 could carry the first stage, how would you detach the 1st stage so the C130 could land? 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/spacex/wiki/faq/reusability

Yes they want to bring it back to land.

Yes it uses a lot of fuel, but its not that bad actually. 




 I found the NASA live stream here https://youtu.be/XfJoDxX0m7s 




 Yea Challenger happened because they said what is the big difference between 20 degrees and 40.  Pushing the boundaries and saying what is the big difference, is how you loose a rocket. 




 I think the nasa live stream had way better shots than the SpaceX one. 




 We have to do this lol 




 There are a lot of variables but Echo has it right they could post the video in hour or two a couple days or sometimes the videos never get released.  My best guess it they will release the video within the next couple days especially since the quality is pretty good. 




 https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/588082574183903232

pictures from landing!!! 




 Its too bad this did not get more upvotes, it is amazing. 




 It will be interesting to see if they can find another objet to do a flyby of. 




 I think there is a strong chance the OP is making this up. 




 Are there really crop dusting jobs available out west? 




 I think those are fine and the mods will let them through, because they are original and interesting.  I think the mods are try to stem the flow of the boring guy in a 172 pictures.  They all look the same, and the only thing they really are is a random guy sitting in a 172. 




 I agree I am kind of getting tired of the look I am flying pics and its just a dude in a 172.  The selfies are fine as long as they are interesting. 




 thats awesome so informative 




 wow I cant believe how ~~fat~~ fast that happened. lol  Go you

Edit: LOL 




 Your official SpaceX youtube link just reroutes to /r/spacex I didn't know if you knew 














 did you see color changer thing also had a malicious button pushing script when the date is more than 11 




 thanks for this 




 Can you be more descriptive, is that the extension that puts the button on chrome?

i want to know if i have it or not 









 wow very cool thanks for the information I am sure i will have more questions. 




 All of these things have been building, there is a significant amount of the population that has cameraphones now compared to the mid 2000s when it was still a novelty.  Second police did not suddenly get better armed, and start pushing the limits of their authority immediately after 9/11, it has been a slow and gradual process.  Eventually people get tired of it though.  

Many people forget that moments like this take a long time, the main part of the civil rights movement took over a decade.  

Police have been pushing the limits for a while now.  and with recent revelations about overreaches in areas like civil forfeiture, and police brutality, people are starting to push back. 




 Thanks thats what I thought, but I wasn't quite sure.  

Also follow up question could you give me a brief summary of satellite receivers.  

I understand they serve as a backup to your main receiver, but I don't really understand, and I don't understand how they work.  




 Hello everyone, I googled, but could not find a definitive answer to my question.  Recently I bought a Spektrum DX-8 transmitter i am looking for some receivers.  My question is if it says in the description of the receiver that it is DSM2/DSMX compatible, does that mean it will be compatible with my Spektrum transmitter?  

I understand Spektrum transmitters use DSM2 and DSMX but I want to be sure they will be compatible before I buy. 



















 I am so excited for June 




 It wasn't meant to be personal.  But your proposal is a little bit out there.  What are you an engineer in? 




 The fairings are already made of carbon-fiber which is inherently hi-temperature resistant and probably would not require much additional material to survive Mars entry.

You don't know what you are talking about.  Making the fairings into heat shields would require major modifications, and  add a great deal of weight.  Saying they are both carbon while sort of true, excludes the fact, that they are manufactured completely differently.  The fairings are made of an aluminum carbon honeycomb, meaning most of the volume is air.  Heat shields on the other hand tend to be thick, relatively dense compared to the fairings, and designed to ablate away when reaching high temperatures.  In order to get a fairing to not melt and break up when entering at the extreme velocities from orbit and beyond orbit, you would basically need to attach a giant heat shield to your fairing.

What does this mean for your theory?  You would need to attach a heat shield to the outside of the whole fairing in order to make it even plausibly into a heat shield.  Which makes you think why are we attaching a giant heavy heat shield to the entire outside of this fairing instead of just to our spacecraft.

The benefits are not there,  why would you use the fairings which you will have to heavily modify when you could just take along a heat shield that is specifically designed for the purpose.

Read the other posts too they offer other good more plausible reasons to why they would want to recover the fairings. 




 We will be posting updates about the mission, and all the cool pictures that New Horizons will start sending back in the coming months when it gets closer to Pluto. 









 Thanks for the suggestion I will definitely post it there int the next few days once there is more content. 




 You literally just made all three of those subs in the last day _ 




 I messaged you. 









 Yea its really to bad spirit got stuck.  Spirit had it tough with wheel motors going bad and stuff. 




 Lol, thanks for the enthusiasm, but I am looking for one of those three things.  

If you are really interested in modding just keep looking.  I had never modded before either until only a few months ago.   




 we need to get assigned our position automatically, because i have no idea which one i am in. 




 I have very basic CSS experience, I have been mostly working off of the template over at /r/redplanet that some other guy made. But I have been getting more experienced. 

You can see my version at /r/opportunityrover and /r/New_Horizons  If you are interested in either of them I can make them work on /r/AvailableSubs. 

I can change some basic stuff in this template like the height and color of the header, and the size font and color of the name of the Sub.  

I can work on adding other stuff if you are interested, just tell me what you want and I'll see if I can to it.  Like I said I am still a bit of a beginner.

Edit: I was looking at /r/startups and it is a variation of the /r/naut/ theme if you want I can work on installing the /r/naut theme for you as well.

Edit2: I was looking around and found some other themes that you may be interested in.  Take a look at /r/MindasHQ, /r/edurne, /r/boxed, and /r/flatblue if you are interested, i should be able to do any of these themes as well. 












































 Looking for Mods for /r/New_Horizons a subreddit about the [New Horizons space mission to Pluto](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Horizons).

The objective is to grow this Subreddit quickly and make it the place for updates about the mission. 

***
I am looking for some Mods that can be active and help post updates about the mission.

I am looking for people that are interested in space stuff and have already been active in other space subreddits.


***
If you have experience with CSS that is great, I am looking for someone that can make the subreddit look better than the basic CSS editing I have done so far.

***
Please come have a look at

https://www.reddit.com/r/New_Horizons/

Post if you are interested 




 Chill dude, it was just a thought experiment.  There is no way this is happening any time soon. 




 Yea I subscribed because I wanted a more whole picture of politics, and not just the liberal side.  Then I found out that they really were crazy.  They still have theories about how Obama [lost his citizenship in Indonesia](http://www.reddit.com/r/Conservative/comments/31ft1a/arabic_is_most_common_language_of_refugees_in/cq1owxa) and that he is a ["Muslim sympathizer"](http://www.reddit.com/r/Conservative/comments/31ft1a/arabic_is_most_common_language_of_refugees_in/cq1bzu6). 




 That is so cool you guys built that.   




 Don't worry go over to /r/Conservative and they still think its about to happen.  

http://www.reddit.com/r/Conservative/comments/31ft1a/arabic_is_most_common_language_of_refugees_in/cq17q4v

 




 It seemed to me that those were tiny rockets at the end of his boots and hands. 




 Captain english lol 




 Epic reply man.  




 Lets see pictures of the boat. 




