 Personally, I'd much prefer an older Captain Marvel. It gives the appearance she's more experienced, also there are almost no decent action roles for women over 40. 




 Fant4stic 




 You're in luck, the third one is the best. 




 RemindMe! 50 years 




 The Ultimates and Bendis' New Avengers. 




 The Oath 




 Pulp Fiction - that way you have seen a bit of every movie released before 1994 




 Fuck Dexter's last 4 seasons! 




 I don't really understand calling his music dumb. Like I easily get finding it bad or being greatly annoyed by it, but it is inherently clever. 




 bingo 




 I prefer to call it the Dollars Trilogy. The Man With No Name has appeared in so many movies beyond those three. Pale Rider, Rango, The Outlaw Josey Wales are all just subtle variations on him. 




 I have a few reasons why, but I don't like sharing them because I always get viciously downvoted. If you'd like I'd PM them to you. 




 Transformers - I've been reading the current comic series and it's actually quite thought-provoking and very interesting. The films are anything but.

Also, not a big fan of Looper, I found it a bit slow and the mechanics of time-travel didn't really sit well with me. I also had a hard time agreeing with a lot of the characters were doing a lot of the time. I can see why a lot of people like it though.

Funny, I just criticised one movie, by saying I'd prefer it to be thought-provoking Sci-Fi, then proceed to criticise a movie that was exactly that. 




 End of a TV series, so kind of cheating.

Two men - one sitting, one standing, both in a hospital car park - debate the purpose their last twenty years, concluding it was all a battle between light and dark. Pan up to the stars. 




 An embarrassing thing happened to me yesterday. It's not really relevant, but I thiught if we're airing stuff out, I might as well share. I was coming back from a gathering slightly drunk and thought it was a good idea to stop and get chicken. I was 45 minutes from home before I started to notice what a bad idea getting chicken was. I tried rushing home, but it was too much to handle and I messed myself. I had to squelched my way home and then I took a long-ass shower. I don't know why I've added this to the thread, but it feels good to say. 




 I hope there is no explanation. It'd likely seem forced an detract from Johnny and Sue's relationship. 




 Twist: they don't care; it doesn't matter to them. 




 I've felt that for the whole run. 




 His dark side is called Ed Brubaker's run and is a highlight in his 75-year history. 




 Sorry, I must have misunderstood what you were trying to say wih the video. 




 Wow, that's kind of rude, just dismissing my opinion as a troll. Also, I didn't give a review, as I didn't mention the things those films did well. 




 I greatly respect your opinion, but I must ask this partly because I asked you to explain in the title of my post and because I'd love to hear why?

Is it the dated style of filmmaking, the clunky dialogue or the iffy acting?*

*I love these movies and I think that's all part of the charm. 




 Is True Romance really an  auteur film? It seems more driven by the writer's style of dialogue than anything else. 




 I'd say he's a skilled director who makes smarter-than-average and flawed, but very entertaining blockbusters.  




 For me it's Lord of the Rings.

Here's why:

* The characters are uninteresting and dull (with the exception of Boromir).

* There's way too many characters. It wasn't hard to follow, I just didn't want to.

* (Only really a problem with the Fellowship) The first one seemed to be aimed at young children with lots of childish jokes and dumb slapstick and dialogue - which then seemed really odd because of some of the darker things in that movie.

* The action is really boring. I spent so much time waiting for something interesting, but it never came.

* It's so slow and so long. There's just so much that doesn't need to be there (like the last 40 minutes of RotK). You could say these moments enhance the world, but it already is so rich and vast those moments just drag.

* The lack of an interesting villain. I don't even know why I should care at times.

* The plot revolves around a MacGuffin and is full of Deus ex Machinas (an army of ghosts? WTF?).

* Too much exposition. 

* Too many subplots that just don't matter to me. Why should I care if Aragon found love or didn't or whatever? I don't care about Aragon.

* There isn't actually that much plot there. Just look at how little Sam and Frodo's story progresses from the end of the Fellowship to their encounter with Gollem in RotK. If you cut out all of their story up to that point, you could still follow along just fine.
 









 He'a not an Avenger. Eric O' Grady is just some dick who stole an Ant-Man suit at the expense of his friend's life. There's a reason he's the irredeemable Ant-Man. 




 Ahh, the important questions straight off the bat. 




 Millar's run after Ellis was great too. 




 IMO, all of thise great things from the comic, couldn't work on film. It's a unique medium, especially considering the that you can read multiple panels and text boxes at the same time. 




 Sometimes I feel in the minority about Ant-Man looking good. Reed doesn't have the best track record, but the effects in the trailer look great. 




 I really like Batman: Year One, but I think it's only really great because of the strength of the original comic. The amount of narration really weighs it down, but I think they realised this when adapting Frank Miller's other great Batman story, The Dark Knight Returns. 




 When a movie is *that* good, I think the circlejerk is completely justified. 




 That team was perfect. 




 For a second, I thought Bendis was your flair. 




 Superman: Red Son or Old Man Logan. Alternate worlds seems to be off the table.

Outside of cape books, I'd love to see a Y: The Last Man mini-series.  




 Don't worry, we're here for you now. 




 She is, but she isn't telepathic.  




 Is it smarter? 




 Watching a 200 minute version of a movie I didn't really like and thought was already too long doesn't really appeal to me, but thank-you.  




 But Damon wasn't the producer for the Bourne movies. The MI movies are Tom Cruise's baby. They're *his* movies more than anyone else's. 




 Captain Marvel isn't telepathic. Who did you think she was? 




 The movie is already quite long and quite boring, I'm not sure I could sit through that. 




 [Oh, the joys of ant powers.](http://images-cdn.moviepilot.com/image/upload/c_fill,h_588,w_500/t_mp_quality/18dy5dvh22ytejpg-ant-man-the-avengers-phase-3-and-the-crisis-at-marvel-jpeg-72937.jpg) 




 I think you'd be surprised by the number of people that didn't get the pirate story. It's hardly Nolan-level hand holding (I love Nolan though).

Ignoring the symbolism and parallels between Ozzy, that's one of my favourite parts of the book as it's actually quite fun. While it wasn't really needed, it certainly would have added more depth to the film. 




 Rob Reiner doing another Coming-of-Age movie would be awesome.  




 Sorry that was the video, not the movie. 




 And my interest. 




 Mission Impossible is TC's franchise. He'll either end it or keep going into his sixties.  




 Base Transformers on the current IDW comics. It's really thought-provoking Sci-Fi. 




 The Amazing Spider-Man and Spider-Man are near identical movies in everything, but tone, villain and love interest.  




 [This is a pretty good reading order if you have Marvel Unlimited,](http://www.comicbookherald.com/the-complete-x-men-reading-order-guide-modern-marvel-comics-era/) but it's missing a few things like New Mutants (2003), New X-Men: Academy X, Mike Carey's X-Men Legacy, Vulcan's time in space and a good chunk of X-Factor.  




 The funny thing is, I thought it was a very left wing movie. It made great points about the rich being not so great and that being a gentleman is about how you behave, not class. 




 Consider Aaron's Secret Invasion tie-in. I think it's the last three issues. It stands alone really well and is very badass. 




 Luke Cage, as I'm a massive fan of the blaxploitation genre of cinema, so inserting him into the MU is just a blast. He's also shown to be a pretty great leader and a quite the badass.  




 Some good action and effects.  




 Or maybe Zack Snyder is the cause of the criticism.  




 I think the biggest fault with Watchmen is the fact it didn't deviate from the comics more. They should have changed the story enough to do their own thing and try and do something clever. Rather than just pinching elements from the comic and diluting them, they should have come up with some clever things themselves, like the X-Men movies have done.

That way, people like /u/Stankshadow would be more ready to accept its differences. 




 I don't think he really understood the book at all.  




 It actually has a lot of minor changes that really made the difference. Things like the pirate story or the death of Nite Owl I or the therapist or just the odd line of dialogue by Rorschach. Those completely change my perspective on the story and as a result the movie seems hollow.  




 I prefer the book's ending because the amount of character deaths and the gore was really impactful and the movie didn't have that. Also, they butchered "I already did it, 35 minutes ago." 














 The Walking Dead - whilst never being the best comic series (it's not even Kirkman's best current book), the affect it had on the comic book landscape in incomparable and it is thoroughly enjoyable.  




 More. After killing that universe he proceeds to kill famous literary characters like Sherlock Holmes as they inspired Superheroes. Then he renames himself Dreadpool and proceeds to try and killl every Deadpool in the Multiverse.  




 I was bored during the last act, not because the action was bad, but because there were no characters I really cared about. None. Superman was just a symbol - more like several conflicting signals actually - and if it wasn't for Snyder's direction, he wouldn't even be that.

I'm still not a fan of Snyder, but in the way I'm not a fan of cubism or interpretive dance. He's just not for me. 




 Luthor was exactly the way he was in the comics at that point. Which is a shame as I'd have preferred businessman Lex. M 




 Don't try an explain your BS with real world science and we have no problem. 




 Events were great and so was him being part of the Secret Avengers. It was like getting Dick twice a month. 




 It doesn't have to be a beer. 




 Damn right. I wish they wouldn't call themselves feminists, otherwise people like /u/Bigman61 will get confused. 




 I thought she was owned by Sony and has now returned. Even if she wasn't, that must've been a bit of a grey area.  




 I can recommend you some good Dick if you would like? 




 I had you at the Dick? 




 Never forget; actors can sign up for more movies. See: RDJ in Civil War.  




 Spider-Woman, but lets hope that's fixed down the line.  




 It's worse in Punisher MAX, he really wasn't good at making pop culture references. 




 It's certainly true for that Judge Dredd panel you linked, but Matt Hollingsworth is one of the best in the business and I'm really fond of his colouring. 




 There's a whole article there explaining it. 




 When weren't they? 




 It's moments like this that make me wish Joss never left Twitter.  




 Why can't we have nice and fun Superman in a gritty environment? 




 Also: last ten minutes of Reservoir Dogs 




 Be cartoony, do you mean nice and friendly? 




 **Noooooooooooo!!!** 




 But Bay's destruction isn't even visually appealing. It's like a dhitpost on /r/DestructionPorn 




 They have comics from the 30s! It's great! If you're looking for some older X-Men or Iron Man when he drank, you're in luck. 




 13K comics for $10/month. It's a ridiculously good deal.  




 You'd still be missing out on so many great Image comics.  




 I'd definitely prefer Cumberbatch in his native accent, but I think I'll try to stay open minded about it.

Strange is from Brooklyn, right? 




 /r/wallpapers 




 In Shinto Mythology there are these two-tailed cats that shapeshift. They come into your homes at night and kill your cats then take their form. After a while of studying you and learning your mannerisms, they kill you and take your form living out the rest of their days as you.  




 Add a scene of the mother tucking the daughter into bed first so we know what the mother looks like beforehand and the nighttime setting instantly makes it creepier. 




 A relatively new bromance, so we'll see how long it lasts, but I'm loving Tony and Bruce - Science Bros. 




 More female Superheroes, so probably White Tiger, Spider-Woman and Ms Marvel.

I'd add a few YA movies like The Runaways and Young Avengers. I know a lot of people think The Runaways would work better as a TV series, I'd prefer to see a female-led franchise on film.

I wouldn't hire D.B. Weiss and David Benioff to write Inhumans as this season of Game of Thrones has proved they're not very creative.

I'd introduce Dick Rider in an Annihilation movie.

I'd try and make the movies have more personal and emotional climaxes. I'm not interested if Spider-Man ends with him beating Doc Ock and winning, what made the end of Spider-Man 2 interesting was Doc Ock's sacrifice.

I'd make every sequel a team-up movie a la The Winter Soldier. How cool would Doctor Strange is Spider-Man 2 be? Or Black Panther in Thor: Ragnarok?

Hawkeye miniseries based on Fraction's run.

And of course, Dark Reign and Seige must happen.  




 I thought that about Martin Freeman until I saw Fargo. 




 Richard started as a teen hero (he's about Spidey's age) and he doesn't have to be white. I still prefer the war-hardened Nova from after Annihilation though. 




 I don't see any of these as bad. 




 Outside of the MCU, that black and gold armour is super sexy. 




 My mum as I'd want Peter to have someone looking after him that's as nice as she is. 




 He could make him really campy and still do him really well. I think I'd prefer him campy as watching Cranston have fun nowadays is an odd thing to see. 




 Goddammit! I didn't realise how much I wanted this until now. 




 Maybe one of Jackman's clones wants revenge for something.  




 I can imagine comic books and TV miniseries spinning out of this. 




 I always wanted an NWA movie so I guess I really lucked out. Their lives in the 80s and 90s always sounded so interesting even after them splitting up. I hope they don't glamourise it though. A gritty NWA movie would be awesome. 




 I frankly think this is more interesting than the subject of 8 Mile.  




 John Wick and the Raid 




 Who is also her girlfriend. She's dating a fucking dragon! How cool is that? 




 The Star Wars universe is so rich, I'm shockingly disappointed by the lack of genre diversity in the Expanded Universe. I'd love to see a noir-flavoured spy thriller in the Star Wars universe. 




 I think I'd prefer to see the other Quasar or Adam Warlock, but the Guardians is currently a bit of a sausage fest, so two new girls wouldn't be a bad thing.  




 "I don't want to kill anyone. I don't like bullies. I don't care where they came from." 




 Looks like Macbeth was about to slice a guy from crown to navel. 




 But the visuals are kinda the point. It'd be like taking away the visuals from a Sam Mendes film. 




 What's  New World? 




 Ideally action focused and foreign films are welcome. 




 I've only seen Die Hard out of those three and whilst it was pretty good, it doesn't reach my top 10. 




