 Training for that big event would be easy and fun.   




 I dreamed of an ask reddit "what's with the names  *boyfriends  parents names*? sounds like their children would be the Devils spawn" 




 Having a mullet or rats tail kind of hair style.   




 My bf does this,  i imagine stabbing him every time. Love him though. 




 I have no memories from that year,  I had serious depression.  




 Exactly the same for me.  I used to gag at the smell.  Now I adore the glorious scent.  




 My bf and I  discussed these things too, as well as how many children  we want in the future,  which is usually not recommended by it just came up. Been two years,  going good.  




 Everything  




 I wanted an awesome long beard like my previous neighbour had/ still has. 

Unfortunately I had to accept the fact that women don't tend to grow such glorious facial hair. 




 I know this kind of thing happens in the wild (sort of), but having animals in captivity suffer like that is awful, it can easily be prevented. people are stupid animals sometimes.  




 Must have been awful for the guy in the elevator too, seeing it happen but not being able to help. horrible. 
 




 Dog is an artist  




 It is genetic, but in the same way that other physical characteristics  are genetic,  like hair/ eye color,  height,  etc. But we don't say all people with  blue eyes are a different race to people with brown eyes.  Skin color is an easy and obvious way of separating people  into groups, and so over time we have become  accustomed to doing that.   




 This was asked recently and someone gave a good answer that was really easy to understand.

Edit: " Although there were many other females living at the time of Mitochondrial Eve, none of them were able to produce a direct, unbroken line of females to any present-day woman. In other words, all the other women at the time either died or gave birth to only males at one point in their lineage. Since mitochondrial DNA is only passed down through females, all these other lineages met dead ends if a mother gave birth to only sons. Mitochondrial Eve is the only female who produced a lineage of women that lasts up to this day. Thus every female alive today can trace their mitochondrial DNA back to this lineage." 




 I've never tried them, but I'm gonna assume I wont like them 




 I dreamed I was reading my shopping list to my sister. 




 'Now You See Me' was stupid, I'd heard that it was really great and was pretty disappointed when it was actually really shit.  




 my 20th, my friends were busy, I was house and cat sitting, the cat had irritable bowel syndrome, cleaned up liquid cat poop. cried. also, had no cake.  




 PROcrastinator  




 Chocolate and Oranges. 

I don't understand how people can like it.  




 But not through and though 




 They congregate on them because they're easy to access perches. 

And they do get electrocuted  sometimes.  




 I'm Australian,  I've never had to pay for air before,  unless I've  been stealing this whole time.  

But I would assume the companies here cover the cost of the machine in other ways and companies there either don't or use it for extra profit.  




 The microwave in my place stinks like the indian food my housemate had a week ago.   




 Its been nearly 2 years since i lost my dalmatian  to a snake bite, still not over it.  Beautiful  dogs. 




 Unfortunately its because  people  don't tend to care about things that don't directly affect them,  even if its the death of thousands. 

Ebola is a good recent example of this,  when it seemed to no longer be a threat to the developed world  we stopped caring.  




 Yes,  you will always observe light to be moving at the same speed regardless of the motion of the source or you, the speed of light is a constant of nature, you could never catch up to or overtake a beam of light.   




 Sometimes it's just a side effect, not necessary, but not avoidable either. Such as bombing industrial areas, ships etc to hinder the enemy, there will likely be many people/workers at the location that are killed as a result.  

Killing also obviously reduces the number of people to fight against giving you better odds at winning. 

In a lot of cases it isn't necessary but gives a strong message of power, and can hasten the end of war.  The bombing of Hiroshima  killed many in awful ways but possibly  prevented far more deaths by ending the war sooner.  
 




 About 16 hours because i had nothing better to do 




 We don't have proof of extraterrestrial life but we have proof that the universe can create life,  because we are here, it's not an unreasonable  assumption  that other planets can also support life. 

We have absolutely no proof of a 'creator' and no scientific reason to assume that there could be.   




 http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2014/10/20/1413802984499_wps_1_Meet_the_girl_who_was_7_w.jpg

The girl in the stripey shirt is 36 weeks pregnant, you wouldn't know and she didn't , apparently. It can happen. 

Edit: source http://dailym.ai/1rn4gDT 




 When my nephews were two i fed them lemons. They ate a whole half each. 




 In Australia the indigenous culture had been pretty much unchanged for around 60, 000 years, without colonization, its likely it would have  continued the same way, some indigenous people still choose their traditional way of life today.   




 It isn't actually an island, its not a large body of rubbish floating around  and it's actual size is only estimated, it might be smaller that what you say.  

It is mostly very small particles, and the occasional larger piece suspended  in the water (below the surface) and not usually floating  on the surface. so only the larger pieces would be visible from satellites,  and they are scattered over a very very large area.  




 It is considered a miscarriage although it usually happens without the woman even missing a period, so she wouldn't have even known it had happened. 
The causes for failed implanation  aren't fully understood, but may have to do with genetic abnormalities in the embryo or problems with the uterus, I'm just researching it now out of curiosity, i need an ELI5 for some of the terms used.   




 Can we call the fridge kevin?  




 Ants. World domination. 

Small, quiet, underground, everywhere.  




 Having questions with no answers.  
 




 I cut a girls face with a fingernail about 15 years ago. She still has a scar. 

It was accidental. 




 Any time a baby smiles at me in public. They need to learn that its not the done thing.  People don't go around smiling at each other.   




 I'm in Australia, never needed or wanted a gun and don't expect that to change any time soon.   




 The fertilised egg first needs to implant into the uteral lining for a woman's body to recognise that it is pregnant, this is when pregnancy tests will show up positive.  




 A friend of mine had a minor crash that could have caused no injuries at all, but she ended up in hospital because she had her feet on the dash.   




 I read the abstract or the conclusion first and then go through and read the first sentence  of a paragraph to decide if it's worth reading the rest of the paragraph. This had worked well for me,  I've never seemed to miss any important information  or struggle with assignmemts.  




 No,  sorry,  I take it back.  




 Not drunk, drinking water.  




 All held together with skin 




 In Bruges and Wild Target ? 




 And make as many sounds as evolution deemed necessary.  




 Trial and error, patience  and learning over thousands of years.
 




 My psychiatrist  told me that many parents  are asking to have their children diagnosed as autistic when they actually  have adhd, so that they can get disability support that isn't available for adhd but still needed in a lot of cases.

I have no idea how much truth is in this,  but it might account for part of the rise in numbers.  This is in Australia by the way.  




 life is full of disappointments  




 Can't be sure, but I don't think there is a moth in there.  




 Gandalf, with Dumbledore as second in command.  




 I know a family who are precious snowflakes and have conditions so rare that no doctor can diagnose them, so now they are going to doctors interstate. 

In my non-expert expert opinion, they show all the signs of anxiety, and a need to feel extra special and unique. The numerous doctors they have seen have tried to put them on medication for anxiety but they argue with the doctors and move on to a new one, and also refuse to see psychologists or psychiatrists because they don't know anything.  




 ok fine, no painful monthly periods for men. Hugs and painkillers win.  




 But the economy!  




 My dad saved two sting rays that were trapped on the beach, they both stung him numerous times, then he had to walk a few kilometres back to where he parked his car, bleeding the whole way. 

We aren't a very bad ass family, but I was impressed.  




 5 second rule 




 this one is so irritating.  




 Do people really believe this? 




 Why does my ear hurt so bad? 




 Colour is correct unless you live in the USA.  




 My friends mother used to only wear her underwear, which was generally lacy lingerie and stuff, she was also about 50ish at the time. 
 




 That's how you get the milk- cereal ratio all wrong.  




 wife beaters/ singlets, both my male housemates are wearing them currently and it's just gross, I don't wanna see your sweaty armpits. put a damn shirt on.  




 I prefer the idea of men and women suffering together. And think of all the new jobs created to make and sell 'sanitary mankins' and 'manpons' (not sure how they will work). It will be great for the economy.  




 digital cameras 




 I worked for viterra in Australia  




 So this is why we couldn't pat kangaroos? damn the world 




 lost his dentures? 




 The Wrong Mans 




 I think circumcised penises are hideous. really, really ugly. I mean, they aren't that beautiful to begin with but at least let them have their sleeping bags to hide in.   




 I also like forearms 




 Darn.  




 I second this, I love Morialta.  




 $30 I got for my 10th birthday plus the brand new wallet it was in. I have blamed my sister, but she never confessed.  




 I grew up poor. I don't hate wealthy people, I hate that our society is built to create such huge inequalities, I also hate those who refuse to share their wealth even when they have too much to spend in their lifetime.  




 same, 26 is fast approaching and I'm freaking out about being so old. I wish I was 21 again.  




 I very much understand this feeling. 
I constantly hear ' you need to love yourself first' and I know, deep down, that it's true, but when I feel like no one else can love me, I conclude that I must be worthless and don't deserve love from myself. 

I'm working on that though, the replies in this thread are really helpful, and giving me some perspective. I hope we both move past this awful feeling.  




 this is perfect, thank you so much. I'm going to print it and hang it on my wall. 
It's all simple, but exactly what I need to hear, and I'll remind myself of this every day.   




 As she ages you will probably be able to tell more who she looks like. at two weeks old, most babies look pretty much the same, give it time. and Congratulations.  




 They released that album, and I hated it.  




 how do I change?  




 That sucks, I'm sorry that happened to you. 

 




 I try, but sometimes in those really down moments, I wish there was someone to take over caring about me when I don't have the energy to. 
 




 nah, I'm good, thanks anyway.  




 it does make sense, hard to put into practise sometimes though.  




 I have a bearded dragon, not the same, but he is nice anyway.  




 Thanks for answering, and you make a lot of sense. I will ask myself that question, and work on finding an answer.  




 this is a good point.  




 I'm in Australia and I'm not sure that we have anything like this, but I'm going to look into it, thanks.  




 I'm in pain 




 because the Earths resources are finite, and it takes a very very long time for things to break down in landfill enough for them to be recycled naturally.  




 safety scissors all around 




 putting knives into toasters while they were on.

stuck my finger in a light socket, also while it was on, ouch. 




 




 Topaz= Dopey

Monti= Brontosaurus 
  




 I had a cat called Rupert that ended up going by Poop/ Poopy/ Poopy-doop.  




 thank you, I hope so. 




 cadbury top deck chocolate, mountains of it, I will die so happy, and wont have to worry about the calories.  




 I have never been the most important person to anyone. I've never felt like I'm needed, just me, for filling a space in someones life that no one else could. Everyone in my life has someone else that could easily take my place and it makes me feel so useless. 

I know there are people who care about me and love me, but they also care about and love other people equally or more. 

I feel like if I was in that sinking boat scenario with a few other people, I would never be one of the people chosen to live...

Edit: Thank you for the replies, they have truly been very helpful. In really dark moments, when it feels like no one cares at all, it's amazing to know that people, even strangers, are there to help. I'm taking on a lot of what has been said and I can already feel the difference it's making.  




 I think people would get tired/ bored of living for too long and suicide rates would go through the roof.  




 they aren't.  




