 ^_^ this makes me smile 




 pfft, i work at a pizza place, how on earth could i forget!! 




 There is so much wrong with what happened to you, and all I can do is give you this lousy upvote.

Heal well, emankrogh! 




 Coffee and beer? Sounds like a fantastic night...add in some pool and I'm totally there 




 Upvoted for giving upvotes :)
/hands you a beer 




 I think STEVE was there... 




 There is nothing in that chamber or bowl...I think it'll be ok :) 




 I don't think it's disturbing either. I think it's a really neat picture and honestly, the family is probably not american. Sorry america... 




 i second muscat's question, why would you say that shes is a Scammer? 




 Hey that's a fantastic idea! I wonder if they are already doing that on closed-circuit tv out there? 




 Personally, I wonder what they see in Antarctica, if anything. I am surprised none of the explorers have come back with stories of what they may have seen. The sky is so clear down there because of a lack of any city lights.

...if they are seeing anything, they don't appear to be reporting on it :( 




 The faces can be kinda creepy 




 Yeah, that video you sent me was debunked a long time ago. I'm not saying that it couldn't be real, but it could be something else. However, I am quite wary of a major sighting over a major metropolis and there is no other supporting information for it.  




 mmmm... I dunno... is there any corroborating evidence? Did anyone else see this? Did people call 9-1-1? Did people call the airport? Do we have any supporting film, photography, or radar? I just, I'm not convinced. This could be a really good hoax...  




 It's...a fake...a good one...but the shake is added in ...and just reeks of the jerusalem video...

/fake. 




 He's only saying it for the votes. :) 




 Ahh, he's running for office again I see... 




 Serious moral implications here...I'm not for it.... 




 As an American, I think that Richard O'Dwyer should continue to live his life happy and free in Britain. I think that the majority of Americans would agree. I personally apologize for our asshole government, and the laws that stretch to other countries, making this place seem like a policeman of the world. Oh wait, I think we are. Sorry guys... 




 what is an introspection rundown?? 




 she will be missed .

unless, of course, her new bodyguards are able to protect her 




 this could actually happen to her... =\ 




 I'm kind of a paranormal magnet myself. It sounds like the things that happened to you were by far and large more violent then what has ever happened to me, or anyone around me experiencing it. I would like to hear more of your experiences. However, I have noted this: When I start to discuss these things, they seem to start happening around me with a heightened frequency. If this happens to you, then I will leave it at your discretion to discuss further 




 Yup yup. It's a mystery alright :) 




 I wish we had more control as civilians over our government. I think that the Drug War would be one of the top wars we'd end immediately if we had the actual opportunity to. 




 And thus brings me back around to square one! Wheee! 




 Yeah, I've heard it's really nice. I would have to get a car on a friday night to do that...yah...not happening lol 




 I don't think you are the only person that is a ghost magnet. Good luck, I wish I could give advice on this subject!!  




 you ever seen the fourth kind? that might be something you want to look into... 




 I actually saw this happen the other day. It made me less pissed off at the guy in front of me. I just moved my rage to the guy in front of him... 




 Maybe I'm crazy, but I don't find that there is really that much to do in Raleigh. It's kind of a lame city. Maybe I missed the fun? 




 LoooooL, fair enough :) 




 Always good to know...but what are they all up to?! 




 You new to reddit? 




 Oh, you don't like bdsm or d/s? bye bye 




 Good. I think this occurs more than we humans tend to think. Lots of things defend their territory, Go Chimp Rights!! 




 Well put. =) 




 :) So much better than rushing into things. Go you! 




 It's just a form of control... =\

But it's good to hear that you are waiting, that is much more mature than believing that this guy you just met is your one true love because he's a RM and you've been dating for three weeks. He's not your true love, that's just hormones, bone the guy and move on. 

Or stay with him for years and build a solid foundation and then decide if marriage and children are what you want. :)

And you're right, it is ass-backwards, but it's really a form of control. It's kinda sadistic.  




 Me too. I'm glad I'm not the only girl that ever spoke out about it tho. The YW leaders in my ward always used guilt tripping techniques to get us to yield to their wishes. The kids thing always set me off. I did enjoy baking/cooking tho, it's a good skill to have seeing as how I like food haha.  =) So I guess it's not all bad! I can make a killer pineapple upside-down cake, mwahaha! 




 I didn't like the be a babymaker for all your life and the rest of eternity lessons being pushed so hard.

When I told my YW leaders I didn't want any children (I'm 28, I still do not), they told me that saying that made my spirit children weep. When they said it, I was pretty angry that they'd say that, and it was another nick on the wall of the church for me. 




 Atheism is a lack of belief in gods. In my opinion, ghosts do not a god make, nor are ghosts god(s). I've had some strange experiences that one could classify under "ghostly phenomena" and while I don't know exactly what it was, I don't think that they have to do with each other. 




 I'm very curious what they might find at the second Anomaly, with the "arches". I did make a joke that it's an ancient underwater McDonald's. In all seriousness tho, it is a very neat structure, whatever it is. :) 




 It's called the Meringue, but they don't know what it is, or what is in it (if anything) 




 :) 




 I don't see a single thing wrong with this. There are sites for people who are black, jewish, mormon, christian, some for people with fetishes, some for people with stds...

nothing to see here, move along :) 




 jacque cousteau clouds, very nice :) 




 ....looks more like the FSM... /just sayin' 




 having seen on close up...i'd say yes. :) 




 *thumbs up!* 




 I can't see any one of the pics...can anyone??  




 I disagree with you. These women do this because it makes them feel good. There are plenty of men that want a girl that looks like that. Fuck, I'm a girl and would love to look like that, it's neat! And it's different. Just because you don't like it doesn't mean it doesn't squick all men... 




 I can give directions in relation to the ABC store. It's been my favorite place to patron since I moved in haha 




 All of that is awesome! When I start getting paychecks I may have to hit up some of those places.

I'll definitely hit up the Japanese place, I'm a sucker for bogo sushi. =) 




 ditto
it hurts 




 I want to find this place now!! 




 Hey! They had those in Florida! I used to get strawberries with the cream flavor :) SOOO good on a hot day. ^.^ 




 not really an option. would have done it already if i could have. =\ 




 Yeah, I've been to Lake Benson, too. And Centennial park. I think my issue is really that Garner for a 28yr old, single person that just moved here, is kinda...wtf lonely. haha

I want to get out there and meet people! :) Then I could go to the park and hang out with others, instead of constantly doing it alone. 




 But, you wanna smooooke? 




 I am on r/trees all the time. But having just moved here, it's kinda hard to just walk up to random people: Hi! You toke up? You want to toke with me?

Talk about feeling forever alone :P 




 What?! There is a freaking bus?!?! This is actually interesting.... 




 You know...maybe we should hold a Garner Reddit Meetup. Seems like we should all get together with some beers at the park and just have a good time getting to know people. 




 Yeah, ...I should probably add that going anywhere is not really possible for me. I am kind of stuck here without a vehicle to speak of. :( 




 how old are you? maybe we can hang out sometime? 




 I just moved here, know no one, I did find a job! (woot!)...but now I'd like to find something to do out here. From what I can tell, the White Deer Park is about all that is hopping so, any ideas would be nice. Thanks


edit: Thanks for the great ideas guys!! There actually are people in garner, not just married folk with kids and old people :) 




 Look. I'm not going to sit here and nit pick thru all this. We could eradicate humanity and the fucking world would do much better. We aren't.
So we cut off some unneeded skin off the body of an infant male? Those that have had it done aren't really complaining. Deal. 




 Lol 




 wow if i wasn't all for free speech i'd report you. 




 I'm talking as far as the proven health benefits are concerned. If you don't want to do it to your kid, then don't. But don't be surprised if they might need it done later in life when they are actually old enough to remember it. 

FGM is different. It's an invasive procedure and what we should really be against. I wish we could move this conversation in that direction. It's disgusting what they do to those little girls, and you bet your ass they remember the procedure. 




 That's funny coming from a forever alone.

Darwin is dead. How can he 'take care of' anyone? 




 also i think the mods deleted my initial comment to you. but i want to send you something: 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cFd4IctqZdw

it's not meant to make you feel better or worse. I just think you should hear it.
 




 I know how I want to do it. I won't be posting about it tho when I do it. I'd much rather have people I know try to help me. I am sorry that you don't have that kind of support system for you. 




 FGM is actually a form of mutilation and the problems that arise from the surgery far outweigh the very very few benefits.

Circumcision for males has the opposite effect. This is something that can and has been proven.

I thought r/atheism was about being intellectual and looking at the evidence presented and making a healthy decision based on that evidence. But, with the responses I am seeing and getting, I feel like unsubscribing from r/atheism. 




 wow, someone didn't drink their coffee this morning. I really think they look better, and i won't fuck a guy with a non-circumcised penis. :) i just think they look nasty. 




 man, look, this is probably the wrong thing to say to someone about to do this, but if you are hurting and you really feel this is the only way to end your pain. then do it.

why do we keep pushing people to live when all life brings them is misery? deep, emotional, painful misery. is it because we feel that it is our duty to keep them alive like we do with vegetables? is it some kind of morality reason? i just don't know why we want to keep something that is in pain alive. if your animal was hurting and you couldn't save it, you put it down. if this person is hurting, with no way of stopping that hurt, then we should let them put themselves down. having said that, how are you planning on doing it? 




 If I lived near you, I'd be your friend. But I'm 28, so I dunno how you'd feel about spending time with younger folks. 




 Your argument is invalid, because none of what you mentioned can be used for health purposes. Not tattoos, not burning your body, or cutting off the tip of your pinky. Cutting of foreskin is a health benefit. 




 Really, we at r/atheism should be championing against FEMALE circumcision. Cuz that...that's real mutilation. 




 I lol'd 




 I think circumcised penises look better and definitely lack in the smegma...ewwwwwwwww

I disagree that this is a 'good' idea. 




 Thank you. I am trying to do what is right in this situation. 




 *nods*

Thank you for your input. I really think that is the point they are at, is his level of comfort. It's really a harsh place to be,as his daughter, I'd rather he live a possibly slightly shorter life, where he can be happy, eat, smile, not have to wear a diaper for the rest of his life, and so on and so forth, than use treatments that could cause just awful complications.

I won't lie, my Mom is the one pushing for this TCM Dr, and his credentials actually don't look bad. 

The person who told my parents about this man, was a woman who has worked for the World Health Organization, and her husband had terminal malignant melanoma. All the top doctors this man went to said they could do nothing for him. Apparently he went to this dr, b/c he thought at this point it was a longshot but why the hell not, and two months later he was cured. That was 16 years ago. His cancer has NOT returned. So, I'm not saying this is going to happen to my father, but if he wants to believe in something, maybe mind over matter will help him to at least 'feel' better. 




 Some of the people that have had his medicine did die. This is in his Testimonials. But, their quality of life before they died, may have been much more liveable. I don't have the ability to sway my folks in how they choose to approach this problem. But my Mom has seen so many people undergo Radiation Hormone Therapy, and seen how it really does change a person, not just physically, but mentally and emotionally, that she does not want that for my Dad.

If you knew you only had five years left, would you spend them fighting and being constantly sick or would you want to try to live out your final years more happily? I don't know if his has spread beyond what the surgery did, it's very scary for me, but I do wish for this time to be easier on him.

I do want him to undergo treatment from a western doctor, I am not really into the energy healing, tea-drinking mumbo-jumbo. I used to think there was something to it all until I went into Massage Therapy. I saw the benefits, but a lot of it really was ... mumbo-jumbo. I just, worry. Thank you for your insight. :) 




 My Dad just had Prostate Cancer surgery and there is a strong possibility it has spread beyond what they were able to get. We are still waiting lab results. The night before he went into surgery he heard about this man: George Y.C. Wong http://www.georgeycwong.com/

Does anyone know anything about him? The man has a long list of credentials, and my Mom is really pushing for this vs Radiation Hormone Therapy. Now, I know that certain herbs have been shown to target cancer cells and kill them, but I am still wary on using them as a sole option.

Any thoughts, advice, or what have you, would be enormously appreciated. It's kind of a scary time for my family.
 




 Thank you. I will ask over there. 

I really wish the choice was up to me, but it isn't. I have only the ability to show my parents the facts and voice my concerns. I am not saying that what this guy has to offer won't work, but I think what they are looking for is a quality of life if it has spread. My Mom said that while she knows Radiation Hormone Therapy can work, what it does to the body is very destructive, can make men grow breasts, have hormonal mood swings, along with the other myriad of issues it can bring. So, in a way, I absolutely understand that she wants him to be as comfortable as possible. 




 damn.. maybe this is the wrong subreddit. I was really hoping someone would have heard of this man... 




 Not me, man. I'm not a Dr either, but I am totally sure they are trying to help me! 




 My Dad just had Prostate Cancer surgery and there is a strong possibility it has spread beyond what they were able to get. We are still waiting lab results. The night before he went into surgery he heard about this man:
George Y.C. Wong
http://www.georgeycwong.com/

Does anyone know anything about him? The man has a long list of credentials, and my Mom is really pushing for this vs Radiation Hormone Therapy. Now, I know that certain herbs have been shown to target cancer cells and kill them, but I am still wary on using them as a sole option.

Any thoughts, advice, or what have you, would be enormously appreciated. It's kind of a scary time for my family, as I am sure it is for yours. 




 sugar sugar candy is fucking boss. no wtf here. just tasty!! 




 [Kinda long, but very relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DpOkT5NeDgE feature=related) 




 All they gotta do is be open Sundays...and stop discriminating.  Their sandwiches will still be just as tasty. 




 bump to r/eldertrees 




 Good, can we start working on Chik-Fil-A now??? 




 This is a very special nope. 




 Not really gonna go into why, but I don't think he's faking it. And if he is, he's done a fantastic job. But, I really don't think he is. 




 Something about this seems very legit. I think there should be more independent investigation done. Like someone living with that family for a year or something, and they write down what they see and/or don't see. 




 wow, what a cute guy...
i know i can't be the only one.... 




