 When should this be implemented? Anyone have an idea? Thanks 




 Fuck those cross-eyed rice-shitters and everything around them, backwards country, polluting the earth, not giving a shit about the enviroment, other countries, human or animal rights. Disgusting 




 He really wanted her dead.. 




 I would buy Winrar (the company, not the program) and actually make the trail expire. *insert evil laugh* 




 Has to be a tie between Runescape when I was younger (the days played, holy shit..) or even worse, War of Legends, spend way more money on that game then I like to admit.

Glad LoL is not addictive in any way. Yeah.. 









 'You know how sometimes your penis gets erect..' NOPE, I'm out! 




 Would be funnier if it said something along the lines of '420 Blaze errday!!' 









 I lost it at 'Tze baby tzuniiiiight' 




 I totally orgasmed all over the place. 3 and a half times.. 




 Our football players are overall pretty bad but they sure try to make a show!(Belgium btw) 




 Is it just me or are lot of girls that work at fastfood restaurants hot? Over here they're all middle-ages woman or chubbies :( 




 Upvoted because internet 




 I have never been so dissapointed 




 I find this very annyoing 'cause every time I want to E over the wall with ezreal by example, I keep thinking I'm not close enough, thus losing some time (time I might not have) 




 TIL shyvana counters almost anyone 




 BEEP BOOP fuck the teemo? 




 Stuff like this gives us a bad name while we're trying our best to do the opposite. Thank you for showing this 




 Same here in Belgium, as long as you don't hurt anyone during your attempt. 




 I think it's safe to say that gonewild would like more, yes 




 To gonewild for the free karma! 




 I think of myself as a rational, people-loving humas being but when I see videos like that I can't help myself feeling this urge.. I want those people and people involed dead and honestly, I believe I would kill them myself if I had the chance to.
I don't know if this makes me a bad person, perhaps worse then them, but that's just how I feel watching these things. 




 He's not even inhaling? 




 Upvote for Biggie 


































 [here you go](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SiMHTK15Pik) 














 Happy holidays to you too, kind sir! 














 Wow, thank you for this reply. I'll have a shot at it and perhaps keep you guys updated on how I'm doing. Wish me luck! 




 It's an honest question, since there really aren't any downsides, why would you choose not to do it, especially when the majority of people like it?

Thank you for answering!

Ps: might actually try this myself once, not permanent, just to see how far I make it! 







































