 at some moment in time, it was a fair exchange for him 









 they must have brainstorm this at the last bilderberg group meeting 









 is this part of the protocols of zion to frame this man with CP?

those illuminati bastard!!!

wait, who the hell is this guy? 




 he is more a Meth Damon type 














 as they said, we are entering a cashless society. 




 this is because if hurricane Isis make landfall, ISIS will be claiming responsibility for the devastating attack. 



















 so this is the weapon for run and gun documentary filmmaking 




 if this version with the original usd drive get out of NK through black market, i think it can be a collector item. 




 it is no to win heart and minds, it is to put a dent on the official personality cult of the supreme leader and state propaganda of a worker paradise. several group have been working for years to smuggle in usb drive of foreign movie and tv show to NK. this is a dangerous poison pill for the authority, literally the most dangerous weapon being used again them.

even if the north korean watching this video does not understand a single word in the video and dont understand the plot. just a display of foreign ways of life will dangerously undermine the regime's message. 




 this method acting have gone too far 









 US movies and tv are popular in North Korean black market. 




 looks like cartman grown up to be the headmaster 



















 of course she have lots of room, she is a Lannister 




 why would gov bailout taxi when there is no damage to the economy if the current medalion system collapse. a new taxi system will come replace, if it cannot compete with uber, it should die as well. 




 it is funny for the family to get compensation for his death? 









 i thought ISP in australia now have to snitch on user that pirated these video? 









 the armadillo bullet conspiracy will appear on the internet soon 









 but the mountian will blow his mind 




 can he still win with africa block voting for blatter confirmed? 




 that is why you dont sleep on the job, cause shit like this will happen 














 and does it involve hulkamania? 




 those plastic surgery for rich people may be useless for humanity, but there is a real need to advancement in plastic surgery, to restore the faces disfigured in accident and war.  




 toy gun manufacture should start their own NRA to defend against this right violation 




 you miss the executive boardroom that come straight out of Dr Strangelove

http://i.imgur.com/zzwYrwp.jpg 









 always attack, never defend is the holy command of L. Ron Hubbard to scientology 









 something have changed with scientology, they have not filed a single lawsuit against HBO, i would have expected them to filed a few thousand lawsuit from every states by now, like their previous war will IRS.  




 i am all for more Al Swearengen and Cedric Daniels hotel management drama 









 i will join Hydra for Annie 




 Jane Krakowski's character also look like a clone of her 30 rock character in the early episodes but later become a character of its own.

 









 they even manage to throw away lip sync battle, a show that come out of their own late night talk show. 









 an instant classic 




 but why did NBC drop this series to netfix when they dont have any good new comedy. 




 it have been a long and hard investigation 









 the student should be directly accepted in university to study law degree 









 did not know this will be a spinoff episode, when Lt Dan show up i was like WTF, is this CSI? then Skyler show up i was like damn. they are going to do spin off again, even after the last disastrous effort. who the hell greenlight this.  




 the be fair, only John Mcclane can mess with that Rickman dude 




 he will most like be sent to a supermax prison for terrorist and spies like ADX florence where he spend 23 hours a day in his cell and have not contact with other inmates even during the exercise time. 




 Vaccination really is a holocaust, vaccine are closed to wiping out several diseases, please do not stop this final solution. 




 if you want to see the source, just go to KCNA website, they always issue threat of nuclear fire raining down on US and South Korea on that website. also there is always article about the awesomeness of dear leader. 




 the trial take just as long as Timothy McVeigh who is indicted in 95 and sentenced in 97.
 




 the trial have been going on for like 2 years, it is not like he was just charge today and got sentenced immediatly 




 the greatest shock for NK defector, other than the shear amount of available food when they cross the border to china, is the blinding light of the city.  




 who the hell keep funding this franchise? 




 if you are a north korean ,would dare to not believe? 




 this is the myth making process for the new leader. books on Kim Jung il have detailed the myth making process for him after he come into power. like changing his birthday to sync with his father and introducing more and more amazing feats that he have done into official text book 




 i thought NRA will only give up their gun if the local gov take it from their cold dead hand? 









 because he just discover you are part of conspiracy, the men is going to get him soon. 




 NSFW, Britta turn the table on Annie

https://uproxx.files.wordpress.com/2012/09/gillian-alison.jpg 




 is that not how fleetwood mac made entire album? 




 nope, he will demand the title match immediately, that is just how he roll in suplex city 









 is there conspiracy theory of entrapment? 




 sign for the establishment of a new heel stable? 









 and everything that happen is Elrond's fault, he should have just kick Isildur into the fire. 














 well, he is still doing 10 years in a  federal pound me in the ass prison as the lowest lifeform in the prison. 




 payoff to limit the damage from 2022, the irregularity there is another issue. 




 i dont think there is financial irregularity in this case, Blatter have to give the right to FOX so that FOX will not sue the ass off FIFA over the TV schedule change of 2022 WC 









 They Took Our Job!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?gl=SG v=768h3Tz4Qik hl=en-GB 




 identify base on race 




 if this is true, that mean the appeal is racial affinity with the actors. is that not racism? 




 never know a man can become so attached to buffet 




 Commado is the shit but the final boss battle with Bennett is terrible let down from the previous epic action.

 




 did snowden just admit to not reading the files he leak and by doing so  recklessly endangered other agents? 




 why should a prisoner not have access to make public statement through lawyer? 




 she is letting the love of Jesus enter his body faster, do not doubt the method 




 his brother is acting dumber that he is, that is why his opponent keep making the mistake of underestimating him, he ride this trick all the way to two presidential election win. 




 why does people just hate her because she is rich? i dont see Julia Louis-Dreyfus getting the same negative comment while she richer than almost everyone in tv or movie. 




 between the pizza place and this, it is clear that refusing to serve gay is a high margin business opportunity 




 i have not check LHC conspiracy for a few years, looks like there is still a actively deranged discussion on it.

Will the Hadron Collider open a gateway to Hell when it turns on in March?

http://metro.co.uk/2015/02/06/will-the-hadron-collider-open-a-gateway-to-hell-when-it-turns-on-in-march-5052153/


The Large Hadron Collider is to switch on its beams at an even higher power this March  and its main goal is to open a gateway into Hell, according to internet maniacs.

The Dark One himself, Lucifer, may even step through and bring catastrophe to our world, YouTuber Freedom Fighter 2127 warns.

The reason for this unusual visit from the Lord of Lies?

CERN officially marked the Year of Light, this week, and inadvertently fanned the bonfire of internet conspiracy  light equals Lucifer, you see.

YourNewsWire reports, Is CERN the most dangerous thing in the cosmos that could lead to the ultimate destruction of the Earth and the entire universe?

Its all preposterous rubbish, of course  based on misreading press releases, and misquoting ancient statements from scientists such as Stephen Hawking  but its an interesting insight into how conspiracy theories start.

Freedom Fighter 2127 says,  They have officially marked this year as the year of light which means the year of Lucifer. So we need to understand just how demonic this year is going to be.

MORE: How to turn your home PC into a UFO detector

MORE: Is this REALLY a cloud? Mysterious UFO pictures from real X-files fan conspiracy flames

Its part of a long tradition of fear of CERN  which believers claim has a logo mirroring the form of the Indian god of destruction, Shiva.

Nigel Watson, author of the UFO Investigations Manual, says, CERN is linked with all manner of conspiratorial and apocalyptic fears. Clyde Lewis writing in 2012 on the Ground Zero website notes:

Is it just a coincidence that CERN is short for the horned God Cernunnos? Is it also a coincidence that CERN has to go deep underground to do their god harnessing experiments? Cernunnos was the god of the underworld.

Going on to state:

The authorities at CERN have done their ritualistic experiments in the underworld and has used unlimited power to turn against the earth. This power has shown that it is causing an increase in earthquake activity and some even claim that it may be the reason for an increase of UFO activity as well.

Now with the CERN experiments starting up again, the fear that they are set on destroying our planet or at least opening portals to other dimensions unleashing terrors of Biblical proportions are being rekindled on the Internet.

As far back as the 1970s UFO expert Peter Rogerson observed that UFOs are an essential part of a growing fear of our impending global doom:

Thus the UFO is an integral symbol of the growing irrationality with its associated apocalyptophilia of the mid-twentieth century. As the two great monoliths of established religion and scientific positivism are crumbling the vacuum is being filled by horrors from the pages of Tudor history.

As with other perceived horrors of science and technology there is always a belief that they will bring about our ultimate destruction and salvation will only exist for the chosen few. The CERN project rather than Atomic warfare or pollution is now the focus for such fears. Personally I remain unconCERNed. 




 who the hell carry $3,200 of cash around in his pocket? 




 but she is not tweeting from jail, the communication go through lawyer. 




 doomsday cult mostly survive the revelation of their bullshit prediction, it always re adjust the reading of the prophecy.  




 that is some iron clad logic right there. 




 the action scene are a side show in the first three movie, the main point are the underground racing scene, riced up car and muscle car with ridiculous modification and NOS injection, the racing scene become much less important in the 4th movie and by the time the rock join the franchise is full on action movie. 




 maybe they should put him on heel run for a while 




 BBC just lost their top striker Clarkson after the locker room bust up, so they will be easy. 









 seen like just a natural outcome of spring break 




 the franchise itself have completely changed from a street racer movie into action movie by the 4th movie and the addition of the rock make it official.  




 should have Paul Heyman introduce the team at the final 




 is this title accurate? dont jailer refer to the guard and warden of the prison? people which have nothing to do with his conviction, unlike the police, DA, judge and jury. 




 it is like everyone in jail said they are innocent 




 they got it easy, Michael Cole die from that devastating F5 




 she got the Sam Worthington treatment. 









 Congressman : Soon, revenge will be mine..... 









 is Doha news not a Qatari news outlet?

http://dohanews.co/qatar-marathon-organizers-apologize-after-runners-lament-event-setup/

One runner who contacted Doha News after the event described the marathon as one of the most disorganized and chaotic events I have ever had the displeasure of attending.

That participant observed hundreds of men who appeared to be laborers, wearing jeans, flip-flops or running barefoot.

Others were forced to walk several kilometers before the organizers obviously realized they would not finish, and so they were loaded back into their busses and sent away, the runner said. 




 this is the full objective, quite funny read

Objectives of Qatar Mega Marathon 2015

Organizing Qatar Mega Marathon 2015 comes in sync with the vision of Qatar 2030 and sport is one of its most important pillars. Qatar Mega Marathon will contribute in spreading the awareness of sports, and as a kind of social responsibility that the sports play in the lives of the nationals and expatriates of the State of Qatar. The Marathon will support the majestic march of sports of our beloved country, as Qatar is considered as the region's sports capital.

Mega Marathon Qatar represents a decisive response to the campaign waged by the sector of envious haters on the success of Qatar to host the 2022 FIFA World Cup, and to their false allegations of persecution of workers and residents in our beloved country. The Marathon will play an active part in promoting the social role of sport and the ideals and values held in common by the State of Qatar. As the Qatari people, Government and residents have all expressed the wish to present the State of Qatar as active around the world as an outward looking state dedicated to the improvement of relations between nations through sport.


The Marathon objectives can be summed up as follows:

Organizing Qatar Mega Marathon represents our commitment to the vision of His Highness Sheikh Tamim Bin Hamad Al Thani, Emir of the State.

Celebrating the Qatari National Sports Day

The image that the Marathon will show how Qatar encourages the non-discrimination attitude among the nations.
Promote the social role of sport. The Marathon is a unique model for it is not just a race but it embraces historical, educational and cultural associations and possibilities

Emphasize the importance of the participation of people with special needs in social events, and enhance their role in building a healthy and prosperous future for the State of Qatar.

Encouraging the spirit of sharing and volunteering in the social events, in order to fulfill the aspect of social responsibility. As many of the youth will volunteer to guide the runners along the Marathon path
Draw the attention of the West   Arab World to the Qatari athletic vision through its various   distinctive activities.
Attempting to allow Qatar to break the world record and enter Guinness World Records with the Largest Marathon in the world after it was confined to the United States of America.

http://qatarmegamarathon.com/en/index.html 




 actually this marathon happen a few days ago, seen to be not much reporting on it in world media, Doha news have a report on how mess up it was .

http://dohanews.co/qatar-marathon-organizers-apologize-after-runners-lament-event-setup/ 




 you mean Natalia Romanova 




 now that it is confirmed Alex going to Caltech, can a Big Bang Theory crossover happen? 









 is FOXNEWS working on a 100 part documentary of Obama gridlock baby? 




 you are late, this racket is the longest running racket out there.  




 but he is selling the most amount of merchandise, that is customer voting with their money  




 sheamus 




 Why they let Jason Jones go and hire this guy? 

i think they should try out Jason Jones and Samantha Bee for a few months for a co-anchor format 




 he was laid to rest yesterday at suplex city cemetery  




 Hannibal fight to the death with kaiju, i am in 




 there is more detail on the abuse that goes on in their prison in the book.  




 his career is not already dead? 




 there is no solid evidence anything have happen to her, if you build you case on the church base on this. your credibility will be destroy if she show up in public. 

why take the risk when there is so many other proven offense to choose from? 




 Seth Rollins to check in soon? 




 it is a flimsy rumour, they would not want to be trapped by spreading an easily disproved rumour. it is smart to focus only on those allegation that have more supporting evidence. 




 judging by how many personal attack propaganda is put online against these two person, you know what they said hurt. 




 this is the result of fact checking by 160 lawyers. if they put stuff in there that can be proven wrong, they know scientology will drown them in lawsuit.  




 car become safer when it have crumple zone that take away energy of the crash.  









 in 2004- 2006 he did preach the scientology believe that psychiatry is evil. which was not a good move for this public image.  




 after that movie come out, viacom ended their long term relationship with cruise because they view the scientology link damage cruise's box office potential. 



















 why is Bieber not banned? 




 did Lesnar new contract mean he will appear every week to beat the crap out of Rollins, that would be TV rating gold.  




 pizza store own by Gustavo "Gus" Fring 




 i never realize i am pratically a vegetarian 




 it is the solution for the German problem 




 because they got lawyers, lots and lots of lawyers 




 how is it going to look if the government launch a war on religion?

cause that is how scientology always present any government investigation on them as, religious persecution.  









 it is already public knowledge what is the name of the co-pilot before today news come out. 




 that have nothing to do with religious divide? 




 they did not lost half its student, they lost half its customer. 




 many think this guy is a idiot, but actually he is just playing this public persona for the target audience that have made him a lot of money.  




 funny discussion on sex scene

Kiera chats about her sex faces in 'Dangerous Method' and 'Atonement'

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QKmn1ZGDbLg 




 the movie start with a breach that appear in spacetime, a Stacker Pentecost/Kaiji hybrid emerge..... 




 upcoming TV series on a narcotic dog struggle to protect and serve while fighting a meth addiction. 




 why is she still called a terrorist when she already done the jail time and her group have been disbanded for 40 years?  









 this is no surprise, all the east asian countries are quite xenophobic. 




 the movie will win because it is brilliant examination of the human condition through the method of NOS injection. 




 actually i think they are working against themselves, those counter propaganda is so over the top and ridiculous it will make more people want to see the documentary.  




 wont this be very bad PR? opponent will link this to Nazi gas chamber method.  









 how can vaccine be a big money maker for pharma company? a product that only need to be taken once is never good for profit. they would be more eager to sell boner pill and antidepressant 




 but Cameron is a much better action director than Bay, Bay keep trying to do epic shots but the characters and plot suffer.

Cameron in his movie are able to make you care for the characters and keep raising the stakes with each action scenes until the final climatic resolution. 




 Gravity have the best score in recent years. especially the scene where stone return to earth. 




 late night comedian must be starting a superpac for Ted Cruz 2016 




 goddamm it, i have said again and again, the wall does not work, we need real protection, we need to have the jaeger program started immediatly. 




 all walmart employee need to be packing heat to prevent this event happening again. there is no excuse, they got all the supply they in the store with almost limitless reload. 




 how much more beating can this dead horse take? 




 also Russian and China are in competition with each other to control those central asian gas producing countries.  




 so this is the Canadian anchor baby, wake up sheep, the canuck conspiracy is upon us, and no one is securing the longest undefended border in the world.  




 their actions are only limited by their ability to project power.  




 that is one of the most homoerotic scene in movie history 




 he should save his brain by quiting football 




 Russian and China dont interfere and overthrow government? are you serious? 




 kim jong il is a great film buff, he have NK embassy around the world to illegally make copy of foreign film to sent back to this collection.

he will instruct the NK filmmakers on the technique and style of these foreign movie, all of which the filmmaker are not allow to watch by law.  he even abducted SK director to improve the NK movie industry output. 




 report indicate quite a healthy black market for dvd player. china made generic brand dvd player are very cheap. 

the sentence of being caught watching foreign tv series and movie is death. 




 it is all good if they will all go there and get themself killed, but the problem is that some of them will come back with training to carry out terrorist attack  




 cops shooting a crazy person is by definition a shooting incident 




 i am very impressed with this operation, the balls that it required.  




 Asian parent strikes again 




 have Sean Bean die in a plane crash before in any of his movies? 




 you do realize the last scarface was also a remake? 




 so, remove kebab? 




 knowing what happen in no make the documentary less epic, the show just draw you in from the first minute and take you on this crazy ride that is the life of Robert Durst 




 i dont get how she can consider Paul career is on a downward spiral while he is still doing so many movie tv and video game projects. she is the one that have the much less succeful career in show business. 









 his career will be dead to me if he mess up season 2.  




 22 jump street is pretty good sequel to an unexpected hit 




 what are the ritual we should observe before taking these blessed meth? 




 Why should the cops be punished? editing Wikipedia page is perfectly legal free speech. the only thing they can get is like HR rules violation on wasting office time and equipment.

 









 "Kids don't vote." - The Wire 




 soon...

Avatar 2, the return of the king 




