 RHCP Blood Sugar Sex Magic 




 Congrats to the top of the board.  Your friend Michael from Dallas, then Mesa AZ, and, unfortunately back to Dallas soon here to wish you Congrats on the whole trip. 




 Would be awesome in /r/unexpected 




 No lie, I immediately saw your pic and went "Hey, Bill Nye" then hung my head in my own wrong shameful ness 




 I'm sorry I can only up vote that once 




 All I get when I try to load Bacon Reader is an error that says 410 UnAuthorized..  Anyone else having these problems.

Also, about 60% if not more of the time gif's don't work.  Does anyone know of any solutions? 




 Why the hell is every dessert "pudding"? 




 BRILLIANT 









 Well, that explains why Gemma is always...  Living on the edge 




 Seen your bike here and love it.  Just a personal opinion, take it for whatever you want.  A front turn signal replication kit would move your signals down to the front forks and clean up those nice ape hangers a lot

Edit: but seriously, I love your street bob 




 Jim Vs Dwight 




 I'm actually afraid to click the link, I don't want to be one of the last things I hear before bed 














 My story is a little odd but fitting.  I apparently had a sleep walking problem I never knew about until one particular night my junior year (maybe senior I can't remember) of high school.  

I woke up, shaving, in the shower.  I normally shaved in the shower to save time.  Half of my face was cleanly shaven, no Knicks or, finished my shower and dried off.  I realized I had no idea what time it was so I hurried.

I saw that it was 1:00 and freaked out thinking I over slept by hours and was afraid of getting in trouble.  I jumped into my clothes, grabbed my back pack and ran out the door.

It was dark out.  1am.  But hey, at least I was already dressed and shaved for the day. 




 I agree, grooved concrete is bad enough on a bike.  But a quick stop, downhill, possible wet, over a drain?  I'll find a different route on a bike 




 Were there any clues in the final season to Tommy's identity before the reveal in the final scene?  Did I miss them? 




 How so?  I've been in Harley sales.  When it comes down to it, your going to do one of 3 things after you buy the bike.  1) Your going to ride it and maintain it damning the cost 2) your going to ride it, not maintain it, not respect your machine and let it go to Shit, or 3) let it sit and rot in your garage.

Any hobby worth doing is going to get more expensive as you immerse yourself further into it.  Fact of life. 




 All in all, if you do your own maintenance, expect to pay between 8-10k for the bike and expect  the same in parts 




 Really I don't intend any disrespect in my response.  But if you're the type to ask "Is it worth the cost of  maintenance?" I suggest a different hobby.

Woodworking:  oh wait.  Saws have to be maintained and lumber isn't cheap.  Oh, and safety gear.

Maybe try hiking: but then you have trail fees, safety gear, books to buy, camping equipment if you get really into it.  Plus all the time you have to take off of work for trips.

Maybe canoeing or kayaking.  Your initial up front cost is a $1200 kayak if you want something new and versital.  Oh and the carrying rack on your car, stuff for day trips, fees to get into national parks.  Oh yeah and safety equipment like beacon lights and life preservers.  Don't forget paddles, they cost too.

Shit that's expensive too.

Everything you do is going to cost money.  Every easy to get your ass out and experience something is going to cost you.  Get educated, get prepared, then say fuck it and enjoy your self.  

But don't forget to but a helmet.  




 Good eye.  You do have to add in quite a bit for the 3imch BDL primary drive, that'll run you up.  If your not doing the work your self estimate a min. Of $60 an hour for labor.  Might get a better labor deal from a local bike shop than a Harley shop. 




 Could be retitled /r/momsofoldschoolcoolsubscribers 




 Da FUCK did I just read? 




 I feel like he's replacing a list of talented pop Shit with talentless pop Shit 




 Favorite MFC girl 




 Probably the most hauntingly addictive random sub I've seen so far 




 Still cute though 









 He looks better as a Tranny, is that weird? 




 Worlds hottest 5 head 




 I'd believe it.  I went to Plano Senior High School.  When I graduated in 2002 we had 22 soda vending machines in the school cafeteria 




 Not cool dpenton, you shouldn't "Tug" on somebody's emotions like that 




 Bit Torrent it is then Walberg 




 Have a good link to watch the shield online? 




 Jax and Opie getting into some serious trouble as kids 




 I concure, I've discovered some serious foreshadowing in a couple Monologs 




 How do you think Wendy will go out? 




 I don't really think Sutter would have a problem writing her off in the last episode.  He's given her such av spotlight for so long what an epic ending for a character 




 Jax, Nero and Juice took the whole episode, but Juice took it the most 




 An eye for balancing books like Bobby...?  I see what you did there. 




 What ever I can do to help ;) 




 He's from Houton, they do that down there

EDIT: My bad, thought your comment was from a different post I had made earlier, that's what I get for day drinking while on reddit on my day off. 

I have no actual knowledge whether or not this kid is from Houston.

But.... Seriously...  Houston Sucks, fuck those guys 




 Your the kind if weirdo I want to be working next to in a kitchen all day 




 A red neck kid pretending to be even more red neck.....  And he's way to young to have a belt hanging out from under his shirt...  He'll make for an awesome redditor one day 




 Why would Nero know the whole truth about JT? 




 How about the basement of the Alamo? 




 Poopflinger

That is all 




 Yeah, looks more like JT 




 Pretty sure they had an old episode of Rescue 911 about this same scenario 




 I really didn't intend it to be that.  I grew up Catholic and my dad's step mother had that same type of voice just not as strong.  Everyone I hear Katy Sagal sing it just take me to that memory 




 That's what I thought, but I feel like there was more buzz on here about Tig being the rat than anyone else 




 We've all be discussing who the rat is over the last several weeks.  At first I was annoyed at this topic being dominated by nothing but a bunch of fan theory, but I soon fell privy to it as well.

I've seen almost no discussion on the reveal of Borosky being the rat and anyone's opinion.  Anyone feel cheated at a weak reveal or let down it wasn't a member?  

"Trust me, in here, all I am is somebody's asshole" 




 Wouldn't be surprised if it was just Sutter's way of being funny while extending the table 




 Agreed about the 4th wall.  I think that's my biggest problem with it.  

I also have stylistic issues.  Her sound is very mid 80's gospel country (that's not a shot, I promise). It doesn't really seem to fit the show.  

If she were the lady in the pew behind me at Sunday church I'd be amazed. 




 That's the only thing that makes sense to me 




 No idea 




 The only thing I can guess is 1) people were offended at George RR Martin whipping it out in front of Butters and Scott Malcinson, and constantly taking to two other boys about penises 2). George RR Martin hearten to sue, or 3) crazy government conspiracy and the Fedb didn't want people seeing the biggest shopping day of the year portrayed in such a horrible light 




 I get most of these, I see why.  But Casa Bonita, why the hell would they remove that one 




 The part where you say the man beating another human about the had with a Knight stick was unarmed 




 There is no Gemma, only Zuul 




 Best line in the whole damn show 




 Just not how to clean 




 Seen this on I think 4 sub's now, 2 days till it hits face book.  I think more people will see the one dude's ass more than the Kardashian.  Think these guys may have really broken the internet.  And possibly one of my ribs from laughing. 




 Would be an awesome repost in /r/unexpected 




 In a big fan of the basics.  18/10 stainless steel.  Get your pan hot (never rip on full high). Once your pan is hot, add a small amount of fat (clarified butter is best) wait it that to get hot, then sear 




 But can he make a decent cup of coffee? 




 Its time to stop.... Now...  Mike? 




 She is the former wife of 2 founding members, but at the end of the day she is just an old lady, a very scary, (shudders) scary old lady 




 But it would be pretty gratifying seeing her alone 




 Yes, yes you are 




 Zoom in, there's a pasty.  You know, not that I looked or anything.... 




 That never occurred to me.  Good observation, fits in with a lot of the theme of this episode 




 First time I thought it was since he (Venus) wasn't in make up and hair his masculine features shows and it freaked Tig out.  Getting through the episode and seeing their interaction changed that for me.

I think it was dealing with the guilt of Bobby and nerves over the show down at the AB compound.  Venus asks Tig if (s)he'll see him later and he replies, "yeah, maybe"

I think he was nervous about heading to a shoot out ambush where he knew he could have been killed.  Tig knows first hand (pardon the Bobby pun) Mark's guys aren't scrubs. 




 In which case Jax goes to the Mayans club House and Alvarez is in a paper box fort, "You know ese, your authority is not recognized in Fort Kick Ass" 




 I've been thinking the same thing.  Juice wants back in, sons need an insider.  This is Juicey Boy's home now. 




 It was such a bad ass shot 




 It's pretty sad that you're being downvoted for being clever and using real quotes.  Someone quotes "Shenanigans" for the thousandth time in Reddit, and everyone loves it, but apparently there are dumbasses here who don't grasp the concept of repeater. 




 4 peaks brewery for a pretty bad ass brunch on the weekends 




 It had plugins, toolbars and what not, but also a ton of viruses and malware 




 Probably the only intense scene in the film 




 I was going to say the Oakland Raider's fans buuuuuuut..... 




 Yeah, but, the only reason he helps Gemma out and isn't involved with her on any deeper level is because it's unrequited on Gemma's end. 




 It would be 5 years since the show started given Abel's age 




 The more in certain Ratboy is a fed plant.  Maybe not the rat, but FBI. 




 I can't upvote this enough 




 They were able to tell right away he was lying about the cutting.  The delivery at the end of the episode was very innocent. Jax knows Abel wants grandma to get in trouble, he'll put 2 and 2 together 









 Same issue, right there with you 




 I was with you until "or there will ever be one" tonight was a good example of why not to expect anything or assume what will happen 




 Yeah but the mirrored response was still pretty damn gratifying 




 Fuck yeah it was 




 Would be a good submission for /r/woahdude 




 If they are operating under a brewpub license they can sell, if not, if they are licensed as a self distributed or have a distributer such as favorite brands, BEK, or Andrews they are not allowed to sell for off premise consumption 




 Brewery or brewpub? 




 Was it purchased or free?  




 YES^ 




 But for it comes with the refrigerator ? 




 Also, if the are opening a straight production brewery, it is illegal to sell for off premise consumption.  Breweries cannot sell six packs or growler fills in the state of TX.  I just doesn't two years working at one.

And day they only let those who "donated" get growler fills, it'll be s customer service nightmare explaining to their regulars who didn't pitch in that they can't have growlers.  This just had bad idea written all over it. 




 Any increase in your visibility? 




 I recommended this to another redditors a few days ago and they like the idea.  Look up ChopperSwapper on Instagram,  give that a try. 




 I know, as an  amateur with access to a cable television show, I'm certain I could do better in writing a 7 season series with developed characters and deep plots

EDIT: Wow either a lot of redditors didn't get the sarcasm or got it and didn't appreciate it 




 Yeah I'm trying to save up for a build project, its given me a lot of ideas 




 Also a non reddit area: check out chopperswapper on Instagram. 




 The jizz of their enemies 




 I'm not putting too much stock into this, and when I initially had the idea it was to just troll and insight a you in this sub.  Then I started thinking, and my idea became plausible.

What if Jax is the rat.  He's deep in hated for day the club has become and what is cost him.   No one had more knowledge of what goes on in the club and what will happen other than Jax.

Jax is so buried in the guilt of Tara's death, the death of members of his club, and the legacy of Clay's gun running he wants out.  He decides it'd be best for charming and his family to dissolve the club.  He goes out in a blaze of glory, stemming to kill the man who he think murdered his wife.  Mark's bring an Overijssel is just a convenient way to pay the club down so far it falls apart.  After the murder of Jury, no other charters will support SAMCRO.  Then once everything falls apart under Mark's wrath, the club dies forcing members into nomad or other charters.

We all know after season 3 Jax can play the long con.  Dissolving SAMCRO from the inside gives Jax a way to protect his family, his town, and keep other club members from violence or prison.

EDIT: Plus this would be one of the most unexpected things Kurt Sutter could do.  I don't think any one is expecting Jax to be an intentional down fall of the club.  Pulling this out of left field would take everyone for a ride. 




 Jax was the one who offered the patch over though.  The orient of the Grim Bastards was the one who was reluctant. 




 I still am holding out that it's with Borosky or Ratboy though.  I do have a very unpopular third theory that I may or may not post on here 




 Crazy 




 If Tig actually is the rat (I've both stores guessing AND caring) this is actually the only sound argument over heard on this sub in regards to the theory. 




 You know... Most of the time people post pics of their family, and I support it cuz is family even though it might really not be, "old school cool". But that is actually a very cool photo 




 Rat or not (it very well could be) I hope they're is a plant.  That's the one adversary SAMCRO have been up against yet.  Fed plants are something true MC's have dealt with. 




 There's been instances IRL of feds going under cover though and don't things far beyond wrong to keep their cover.  Donnie Brasco is probably one of the more known cases, but also Victoria Steele, is plausible 




