 Familiarity mostly. I've also been promoted three times in almost three times and now I make a pretty decent amount of money for a retail job. I have a BA and there are barely any jobs I'm qualified for that pay as much as I make at Staples.

I also don't mind it, mostly. Lately my patience has kind of been wearing thin, mostly due to annoying new people and stupid, unrealistic corporate expectations. But, another perk is paid vacations, and I have one coming up so hopefully that will give me my motivation back. 




 So I've been in somewhat of a supervisor role with Staples for a little more than two years. Over that time I've been pretty good about motivating people to do their jobs; I have a positive attitude, I joke around with the associates. Whatever. And I've made it work so far. Until now.

All of my associates now (minus a couple) are lazy. They do below the bare minimum. Rewards penetration is at an all time low, ESP is shitty, digital receipts suck, kiosk orders... basically nothing is good. These people can't even shoot a pull list or face the store correctly. It's sad.

So how do you motivate people who just don't care? I mean 39% rewards pen.? That is literally not giving a shit. 

I don't like to be mean, it's never been my strong suit. I just feel like people should do their jobs without having to be babysat, but I guess that's too much to ask. And I'm in this awkward position as a new assistant manager where everything falls on me, but I have no power. I can't say "you sold one plan this month, you can't face, and you have a 44% rewards pen.? You suck, you're fired". 

Tl;Dr My people suck, how do I get them to not suck? 




 I average around 15K a day. My record is 30K, when I worked 8am until 9:30pm or something with no breaks and no lunch. 

Clearly I work too hard for no reason.  




 I think the easiest way to do it is to just search the name of the chair or the SKU in the search box in the HUB.  




 Make a sweater out of them and mail it to the home office.  




 "The paper is $7.79, but you get a rebate for $4.00 that you can mail in or do online. Doing it online is super easy, takes about a minute, and they mail you a check!"

I say this probably 20 times a week, every week. Every once in a while I'll get the grumpy old man that's like "I don't have time for that bullshit" but I'll say "if you can't figure it out, sir, come in and I'll do it for you." And I have before, it takes like 30 seconds if you know what you're doing. 




 God, I had a customer yesterday, she bought the last Toshiba Satellite we had (the one that's like, $279 or something after the rebate and coupon). Then she sent her husband and her kids in with kiosk orders. And the coupon.

All in all it was like, 5. And I had no cause to deny it because they were all different customers. My associate asked "are these for family members or...?" and they were just like "oh... yeah... family..." Bitches. 




 Luckily my store didn't get any that actually went through. I looked at all the surrounding stores, though. The closest one, 15 orders for the same lady. Then the one the next city over, 15 orders for the SAME lady from the other store. THEN the next city over after THAT, ANOTHER 15 orders for the same lady.

And they were all canceled. Like, how long did she spend doing that? Probably hours. Lunatic.  




 I don't take breaks or lunches, but it's a choice. I never deny any of the associates breaks and always cover when needed whether it's cashiering or copy center.

Your MODs need to get their shit together. Sometimes I see covering a break as a waste of time but I still do it. Demand your breaks, just say "I'm going, figure it out" and I guarantee they'll just deal. If not, go to HR. 




 Just wondering if employees can use this and actually get 25% back. I made a fairly big purchase earlier and used it, and it would be pretty awesome to get a little more than $75 in rewards. 




 26. Retail manager. No, but it pays the bills, keeps me on my feet, and I don't hate it.

I got my BA in social work, couldn't find a job that paid more than $11 an hour. And I don't want to work with old people, drug addicts, kids, or basically anyone with problems so I don't know why I majored in social work. I think I was just looking for something to major in and I never realized it wasn't what I wanted to do until I graduated.

I don't know what I want to do with my life, honestly. 




 2001 was a simpler time. Looking back it was pretty stupid, but in 2001 I think we were all like the kid in the movie; "WOAH SMASHMOUTH?!" 




 The Butterfly Effect. Trainspotting. American Psycho. 




