 McCain's still beats Pillsbury

Edit: a word 




 1. Buy oreo cookies

2. Smash

3. Milk

4. Your girlfriend walks in, sees you, and walks away disappointed 




 The first problem is people keep listening to the radio.

Going to pick up the guys? In goes an album to the cars disk drive 




 In the patisserie (traditional baking) class im taking in culinary school, the hard chocolate comes in either a 10 pound bag, 5 pound pail, or 30 pound block. 




 Long live the bucket of Lego! 




 To play devils advocate on the topic, i used to be socially awkward and had anxiety, and facebook gave me a buffer to let me communicate with girls i just met. 




 My grandma uses the same toaster she got as a wedding gift in the early 70s, because that tank is made of sheet steel and will never die. 




 I thought it was 10 minutes of sponsor ads. 




 I would suggest to take one month and put fast food on a credit card at least twice a week. When you get your statement you'll never pull that shit again. 




 Might be harder to find here, I'll take a look next time I'm around the liquor commission 




 Still haven't seen KFC Double Down on this thread. 




 Canadian whiskey is still better. Goes down smooth, not like that battery acid stuff. 




 Ah American football, where large, greasy men fight for a stuffed leather sack that rarely touches a foot.

The original marketing for the sport wasn't well thought out for the name. 




 You're opinion on Sennheiser? I used to go through gaming headsets and fell in love with this pair i picked up a while ago, got a cheap tabletop mic to go with it. 




 With a truck like that, get remote start and here it belch diesel far away. 




 You have to "get it" to get it. You? You don't get it. 




 So France? 




 "See 20% further with these new lights!"

Yeah, lets blind oncoming traffic and cause a head-on. 




 Second time i visited the states from canada, i saw a jacked-up truck painted full camo with that sticker in the window beside the browning deer and an American flag decal, and truck nuts. 




 I would (about NFL) 




 I wouldn't say douche is the right word to label with Beats, but my multiple sound tech friends would argue they're one of  the biggest wastes of space on the planet 




 Dont hate my tilly 




 Your shirt says Tapout but your body says takeout. 




 Ameretto goes good in it... 




 Holy hell i just got this out of my head yesterday. Saw a comment mentioning it last month, listened to it once. It got stuck in my head and the next weekend i put it on a 7 hour loop. 




 Because whiskey sours and cuba libres! 




 I heard a while back that in the 80s Pepsi made it their policy to sell their product commercially at a fixed price, only adjusting for inflation. 




 Try coke zero and brushing teeth regularly. Helps a lot. 




 College and university aren't as predatory and useless as the "become a a dental hygienist assistant in as little as 6 months!" Places. Y'know, the college's that advertise at 2am on a weekday. 




 Wasted my risky click of the day on that.... 




 But i need fake internet points to match my piles of gold. Oh wait...  I'm already there! 




 I realize now I had Good Guy Dad. Mom pretends she's with the times but still lives with a ruler down her back.

When i started dating, Dad would lend me the car, get Mom out of the house, even burned the empty box of condoms he found in the back seat.

Edit: can't trust Mom, but Dad's a bro in my books. 




 To add to this, more schools need to enforce (with escorts off campus) poor appearance. The habit needs to be made to pay attention to hygiene and looking professional. So many students don't understand that a school is still a place of work. Dress for it like you would a job. No i do not mean where a suit every day.

I understand the pressure to look attractive and follow fashion trends. But thats all they are. *Trends*. Professionalism is timeless. 




 How is this an issue? Every kid I went to class with had the pressure of good college, scholarships, etc. We grew up knowing a worthless diploma from a nobody college would be a complete waste. 




 My middle school principal suspended a guy for a month for taping a fake moustache to himself.

"Disruptive behaviour" is the not so new name for anything that isn't "sit down and shut up." 




 Unless your child shows clear signs as an academic prodigy and will probably end up at Harvard or MIT, high school doesn't mean a thing as long as you pass.

I'm currently attending one of the best culinary schools in north america, and all they wanted was to know if i passed high school.

Same principle goes for youth sports. 99.999% of the time, you're kid's going nowhere as an athlete. Ease off the kid. 




 Our city's mayoral election was last month. One of the top candidate's was attacked with a facebook post his wife made, deleted, and publicly apologized for. Something derogatory (i don't remember what exactly) to someone of a minority group for nearly plowing into her car on a major route. She said it was a post made in anger that she volunteered to remove and make a statement about. 




 Hey r/AskReddit and r/PenmanshipPorn, I'm looking for good sources for quality and reasonably priced pens, inks, etc. for a gift set. Tips on what brands to buy and what to look for are appreciated. 

Set I found at the local mall (link below) has what I'm looking for, but I'm unsure on the quality.

http://www.chapters.indigo.ca/house-and-home/master-class-writing-set/762491146000-item.html?ikwid=pen+set ikwsec=Home ikwidx=26 




 Sounds about as useful as Moon Moon. 




 I guess my shoes will last forever; $300 Rockports 




 We have one of these in my college courses. And then gets pissed off when her goatee becomes a legal hygiene concern. 




 A lot of the western world is on a negative growth trend. Countries like India are on unsustainable growth trends. 




 I hear this so damn often. I save so many hundreds of dollars a year eating healthy. I highly doubt the cost of healthy food is the issue, as much as lazy bastards who couldn't be bothered to learn basic cooking skills. 




 An area of my city called Osborne Village. Hipster shops, independent clothing stores, and a great pub during the day/evening, muggings, stabbings and shootings at night.

Not every night, but at least once a month. 




 As Canadian but also chef, don't care as far as sausages go. 




 I have a good set of headphones (no, Beats are not good, they're Sennheiser), but my mixer looks like master volume at 30%, everything else at 4%, and other settings like in-game, Youtube, etc, set between 50-80%. I can't figure out how to fix how loud everything defaults to, and I'm not even bad with computers. Any ideas? 




 But you can save a ton changing oil yourself. All you need is a car jack, big pail, filter, and oil. I'd have my half ton changed under 15 minutes in my driveway. 




 As a cook i can confirm. 3 inch by half inch scar (we call them chef tattoos) on left forearm. Bumped a sheet pan loading a cooling cart. 




