 If I see more of these types of posts.... dear lord shoot me 




 Yeah, but it does make a difference when one team has a Guan Yu and the other team has nobody to heal. 




 Also if he does this, try to save him but don't let him rope you in and get you killed also. 




 Khumbhakarna, chasing enemies who can't do any damage to you and yawning them over and over is so amusing 




 Don't forget you can place a ward around the corner so that when the time comes, certain gods will have vision, such as Neith having vision for her ulti 




 But then it's a Hercules support who doesn't need that petty health pot. 




 On top of that, people with actual issues (such as recently my power went out) would suffer for something they couldn't help, which isn't really fair. 




 I miss old Freya when you could build physical items and crit with her. 




 I currently have him to mastery 10 and personally feel he is not as fun as the other Guardian's, the thing going for him is the moment when you get a shield off that saves somebody at the last moment. 




 Don't worry, Athena is just as good. 




 And unlike 4v4 because it's chaotic, the game games go faster, as apposed to just farming, one side team wipes and then it's gg. 




 Kali 1v1 




 It appears it was developed by Ymir, so it must be good! 




 What game is it? 




 Would be awesome if they tested out an all chat like in LoL, then you could talk to each other and compliment them easier. But would need to be used for a bit and get feedback. 




 Well I play Aphrodite Solo, I prioritize warlocks sash so that I get get the stacks early and sometimes I like to start with a bumba's mask since the mana regen on that can really help, but otherwise I'd go with a shroud. 




 Would be great if somebody in the community could do this to work with you and create a proper launcher image as not much can be judged with that, although it doesn't seem like a bad idea. 




 Looking at their team, I'm guessing they ran Apollo and Artemis duo? 




