 Brave is just a nicer word for stupid 




 Just being honest, Belgium is a little bit of a microcosm. We have it all, but tiny. 




 Hey, at least there's something on the screen! 




 1. typical fashion for girls: in student environments i'd say you can wear whatever you want. In my classes (language and lit student) you get goths, preppy, hipsters,... Law students tend to dress more conservative.
2. regular groceries: not sure what you mean by this, but i'd say you can never go wrong with lots of fruit and veg. I feel like those are cheaper than in the US. I'm always stocked on yogurt and cheese as well. Supermarket bread is usually no good so i'd recommend going to a bakery for that.
3. Learning dutch: don't be embarrassed, we all have shitty dialects anyways!
4. blend in: don't! I'm sure people will be interested in where you come from. Belgium is quite boring so we're always happy to hear some stories from the outside world :D 




 I feel like belgians do one when they meet, but three on special occasions 




 Not a bad tattoo per se. Just bad taste. 




 wow what a dick 




 I always wonder how people don't notice this. You must get cold... 




 7 bazillion calories 




 Awwwww 




 Try explaining that to your partner.
 "Ew what's in here?" 
-"A burger. I've had it for like 20 years lol." 









 God forbids a female buys a to-go beverage with her own money, takes it to class, and talks about relevant people in her life. 




 Looks like these japanese rice crackers to me. Slighty spicy/musty taste though still addictive? https://shizuokagourmet.files.wordpress.com/2010/08/arare-2.jpg 




 Now this is wtf. I have no idea what is going on here and i couldn't even describe it to ask someone. 









 i never got past the annoying tune to see this... such a shame 




 ...this is how the story goes 




 Round here they throw you the money so they don't have to touch skin. Very nice as well. 




 Agreed, Lige waffles should be eaten vertically! 




