 Heavy is pretty princess 




 Request sent :3

 




 Hya,I sent you a request so we can talk privately :) 




 http://backpack.tf/id/lordluka7 :) 




 More interested in metal,but for what are we talking about here? 




 Hya,i have magicka for it if you are interested 
http://steamcommunity.com/id/LordLuka7/inventory/#570
thats the link to my inventory,if you are really interested in trading it :) 




 Hya,feel free to add me or post here,but i guess youll get answered faster by adding me.Heres a link to my inventory,everything is good to go,feel free to offer
http://steamcommunity.com/id/LordLuka7/inventory/#570 




 Hes a mad scientist,not a primarch 




 Ever thought of Killing floor?I remember picking up a 4 pack with a bunch of friends,we still play it from time to time 




 Not interested really in paying for something that drops in a bonus game mode.Maybe for items? 




 Check out my inventory on steam,just type in Von Foster,im the only guy around.I didnt log into dota in a while,so im unsure of the essence prices 




 How much do you price the essences for? 




 Drink AND drive?No,you cant do that.Trust me,im a doctor. 




 Well depends what zombies are we talking about here. 




 Well it can always fracture as you are tackled down.Also,you know how the eagles drop down turtles to break their shells?Well you are getting the idea. 




 Or crappy oponnents  




 "IT WASNT ME I SWEAR" 




 Wait wait wait,im a bit confused about this.Ye it makes sense if everyone has only one gun,but if they all have two guns,wouldnt the first one to fire actually 'win'? 




 They might be hyperlinks,for all we know. 




 Are you his father?! 




 Could you give me the link to the other post? 




 I didnt honestly see the other post,because i mostly stick to pther subreddits,plus yes,i really was told this last morning.So if it really is a repost,I am sorry. 




 Halloween parties and such events may occur earlier than the said date. 




 Also a hotel in Alan Ford. 




 As a doctor,i can confirm his statement. 




 Let it die.It isnt interesting 




 If they are your age,I do not see the problem here. 




 Those are the trophies of badassery
 




 That comic is not allowed to be posted.Read the rules.
 




 As a guy,I can tell you I would mostly love if we could cut the chase.Yeah,chasing is fun from time to time,but it can get annoying some times if it lasts too long. 




 Get a hobby.For me its working out.It might sound boring,but by going to the gym i usually relieve myself of the stresses of the day that passed 




 the....? 









 Silly dog,you are not suppost to post! 




