 Fat is the new skinny, skinny is the new normal, normal is the new fat, and this chick is fucking gross looking. 




 People shouldn't burn people. 




 Throbbin' Wood 




 "Hey, a bunch of redditors told me to say this:..." 




 Stark Industries does it again. 




 I hope he said "have a seat" in his best Arnold voice. 




 Vsauce does a whole video about this:

Why Do We Have Two Nostrils?: https://youtu.be/eiAx2kqmUpQ 




 I dunno I think its fucking hilarious. 




 Will someone please start having actual sex with Japanese guys so all this stuff goes away. 




 What's the difference between a 1s and a 59s?nothing, they're both disgusting festering pressers. 




 Ever wonder what the dice feel like in the game Boggle? 




 Someone edit out the light pole. 




 Are you serious? Source? 




 That's why they should make it harder for tigers to get into the Dumb Fuckin Idiot enclosure. 




 What if God was one of us?
Just a slob like one of us?
Just a stranger on the bus?
...Or couch...
...wearing a Hitler shirt. 




 I wasn't freaked out before I existed, I can't imagine why I'd be freaked out about after. 




 I don't get it; I could still easily stick a cucumber up my ass with that thing on. 




 Put it back and quit whining. 




 Neither; a Chipotle on Coronado. 




 Many people on /r/atheism would argue that you're just as much god/loser as Jesus was. 




 Anyone else imagining him laughing the whole time? 




 Make him watch ISIS beheading videos, and when he asks "why?", you answer " because religion". 




 1. Religion
2. "No hook ups!"
3. Pictures with friends
4. Cats
5. Cigarettes
6. Paleo
7. Crossfit
8. Vegan
9. Name I can't pronounce
10. Name I wouldn't want to say out loud in public
11. Excessive pink colored clothing
12. Moles larger than a pencil eraser
13. Too much makeup
14. Weird looking neck
15. Duckface
16. Sepia filter
17. Hash tags
18. Country music
19. Dallas Cowboys
20. Ties to al Qaeda / IS / Taliban / Hezbollah
21. Nipples larger than a half dollar
22. No nipples
23. A guy
24. Picture with boyfriend or any guy
25. Robot
26. Lefties
27. Pigeon toed
28. HIV+
29. Visible herpes sores
30. Non-visible herpes sores
31. Quotes from any Tyler Perry movie

Edit: OK I'm catching a lot of heat about the lefties thing; the bottom line is that when a lefty writes with a quill, they tend to smear the undried ink with their hand as they write, and that is a huge bonerkill for me. Deal breaker. 




 I've always heard that dogs were colorblind, but this confirms it. 



















