 my husband was all "what are you laughing at" 




 same way  




 That is either cheating or intention to cheat 




 face looks like a lady 




 so sorry for your loss but at least he is no longer suffering :( 




 oww 




 oh hell no he used the f word? 




 MAKE UP YOUR DAMN MIND, UTERUS! 




 if you do anal enough, eventually this WILL happen.

they're supposed to pretend they don't see it

and then you toss the sheets in the washer and pretend it never happened :) 




 We get customers in our store yelling at their parents and I just want to smack the shit out of them.  




 What are you supposed to do, fold the pizza over on itself? 




 dammit, I want chocolate. 




 next time call the cops 




 ALSO it doesn't help that even though we are never supposed to waive late fees, the manager almost ALWAYS waives the $15 late fees. 




 Yea we get the same customers going to lien over and over again, they pay the bare minimum to keep their shit from being auctioned and then 3 months later we have to go through the same process all over again. 




 Yea the thing is after being three days late on payment you get a $15 late fee, after like two weeks the late fee goes up to like $50 and eventually they end up owing ridiculous amounts we know are never going to get paid. So we usually make a deal- pay us half and get your shit out so we don't have to pay for an auction that's only going to gain maybe $20 dollars per unit and then we can rent out the room to a new customer 




 Also we have to mail them certified letters informing them that their stuff is gonna be auctioned if they don't come pay so many days in advance of the actual auction date. Because the giant red lock on the storage unit wasn't sufficient notice.
 




 If it's in lien status it already has a lock on it.
We lock customers out of their units until they pay for the past due rent. Of course nobody actually pays the full amount until it comes time for auction and then they call and whine and demand we let them get their stuff for partial payments. 




 YAY! We have 11 units up for auction. 
SUCH fun! I imagine the calls are going to start coming in any day now. Unfortunately my manager is a pushover and he's probably going to get like $150 settlements on $600 storage bills. 




 I lost my "purity" to a water raft ride at an amusement park. I stood up and fell down on the metal bars crotch first. 




 It's fucking creepy. 




 So this guy has years of experience with menstrual pads?  




 ingrown pubes are the worst thing ever 




 yea I would have called mall security or the cops. 




 still not going to go see it 




 "LOTP: But [other store] does it for free!"

Then GO THERE! 




 you look so amazing with red hair!
 




 No internet. Wants xbox online.


*rofl* 




 We have signs that say "please return trucks here"
and yet every time rather than parking the trucks in the return lane, they either just park them in the customer parking lot or they go to where they originally picked up the truck and drop it off there. We sometimes have to go across the street and search for lost trucks/vans/trailers. We tell the people where to return them but I guess they just ignore us. 




 I have not changed my last name. it has not been an issue except we had to clarify that yes we were married and yes we had different last names at the hospital when I filled out paperwork before having surgery. 




 Really hope she gets better *hugs* 




 same 




 that sounds delicious 




 what an asshole. You're supposed to repeat the order so the customer is sure you got it right..... 




 I also get this. I get pains in my back and down the back of my thighs. It's worse when I am at work and have to be on my feet all day and bending over to clean stuff. 




 Oh my god, I'm so sorry :(  




 Yea it sounds like he was a trap, neuter, release. The best way to get him comfortable with you is to continue feeding him. Make sure he knows that you are the one bringing him food. Hang out while he eats. Eventually he will get used to your presence. 




 yes 




 why the fuck would you buy the cheapest item in the store and pay for it with a $100 bill? 




 Yes. Everytime I get a new cat or take one of my cats somewhere they do the same thing for a few days.  By tomorrow or so they will be ready to explore the new place 




 It will probably take them a few days to get used to the move and being in a "new" environment.  




 It seems like your life would be a lot easier if you would just accept yourself for the way you are. 




 what's wrong with her?
take her to a vet!
:( 

hope she feels better 




 hahaha yea THAT they can probably talk me into  




 hunt that old man down, he has some amazing stories to tell! 




 I literally have to throw my husband's socks/underwear because otherwise he will keep wearing them. 




 "Woukd you, if you found a great guy from a poor background who had never had the opportunity to go to college or take unpaid internships but instead had worked hard from age 17 for his own food and shelter and had eventually managed to get himself a place and a car etc but was still considered below average or poor in terms of earnings, just reject him?"

No I married him.

Would I recommend that women mate for financial stability? Absolutely. If you are planning on having a child, it is ideal to find an environment where they are going to have a good education so they don't end up perpetuating the cycle of poverty. 

I realize that many people have children while working minimum wage jobs but I want more for my kids than that. 




 And because people are taking the time to send me hate mail because I am projecting my feminist ideals on relationships, YES I am a feminist. I work for a living. I expect my husband to do the same.
I do housecleaning, so I expect him to cook.
I expect him to respect my opinion. 
I don't want to be a stay at home mom. I saw my grandmothers do this and live horrible lives being treated like dirt by their husbands. I would rather be single the rest of my life than have someone treat me like that. 




 All the love in the world isn't going to help you pay your bills. I am not saying I am materialistic. I married someone knowing he didn't make a lot of money. But I can completely understand anyone wanting to make sure the electric doesn't get shut off and that there is food on the table. It would nice to be comfortable. Not rich, but not living from paycheck to paycheck. 




 She did leave the hospital AMA. You have the right to do that. They then turned around and got a court order against her. She ended up having to go to three hospitals in order to find one (moses taylor) that would let her give birth vaginally. I understand they are worried about lawsuits but that shouldn't be an excuse to give a cesarean to everyone that walks in the door. 




 A lot of the hospitals in this area are catholic ones. I am really leaning more towards having a midwife and in the instance that I need medical intervention we have a hospital like two blocks away. I just don't want them to "push" having an epidural, an episiotomy, a cesarean, etc on me when I don't want it.
In addition to the court ordered cesarean, I believe another woman sued for an unwanted episiotomy a few years ago in this area. I just found out about this today while looking for local midwives.  These two cases were enough to seal the deal as far as my not liking hospitals.

I just had a laparoscopy the other day and the nurse ordered me to go to the bathroom after I had already went. I was waiting for like 2 hours and in pain and cranky. This nurse proceeded to argue with me that she didn't want to do a catheter and risk infection. She didn't listen to me that I had literally peed right before she showed up. If they are not going to believe me when I said I peed already, why are they going to believe me when I say I don't want a cesarean?

This hospital was in the same town as the case where they got the court order against the woman not wanting a cesarean. Like I said I just found out about this today and it's not really comforting or soothing my hospital fears at all. 




 Yes but when men are conditioned to think -if I buy the diamond ring, the flowers, the fancy dinner, I will get to have sex. Then they start expecting it and it's not okay. It's better for women everywhere to make it clear that we are sexual beings. Not because we want sugar daddies but because we genuinely like having sex, or if we are in a long term relationship because we love the person we are with.

 




 Yea I edited my original post too because I am tired of explaining what I meant for the third time. I should have added a comma or something  




 She signed a piece of paper stating she would not sue. 
I understand the doctor being unwilling due to insurance/liability issues but to get a court order?
Keep in mind this is right down the road from me. I actually have my obgyn in the same town where this happened. It's horrifying.  




 I also want to make sure (if I go to an actual hospital vs. hiring a midwife and having a home birth) that my husband is allowed to be in the room and an active participant in all decisions.  That is another reason I am very weary of the hospitals in my area, northeast PA as I have heard nothing but horror stories of the Scranton and Wilkes-Barre maternity wards. 




 Also there is a movie, The Business of Being Born, which details how in the 1950s c-sections became standard practice and patient's wishes/rights were not respected. Some women were actually tied to hospital beds 




 My husband's ex would not have sex with him without getting something else in return. I think they ended up going without sex for like 6 months. And then she ended up cheating on him. 

I see nothing wrong with casual sex as long as you are being honest and not lying to each other 




 I didn't say it was but if you are married to someone, you should be having sex with them out of love and not for monetary compensation 




 http://allnurses.com/ob-gyn-nursing/forced-csection-54674.html

I am NOT going to any of the hospitals in my area, their c-section rate is something like 30% and the WHO says that it should be around 15% 




 There's a hospital near me that actually got a court order to force this woman to have a c-section against her will. Thankfully she left the hospital against medical advice and went to a different hospital where she had a vaginal birth with NO complications 




 What I was trying to say is if you love someone you should enjoy having sex with them and not just because you get some monetary compensation out of it.
I was not trying to say you have to have sex with someone you love only. You can have sex with whoever you want as long as you are doing it of your own free will 




 If they want to be prostitutes that's fine, but to act like they aren't doing the same thing as a legitimate sex worker is hypocrisy 




 Again, not trying to say you can ONLY have sex with someone you are in love with.

BUT if you are in love with someone you should have sex with them out of love not for money or favors 




 also you missed the part where I said "you genuinely enjoy doing it"
technically you would fall under that category
 




 Absolutely not. Sex workers are different. They are upfront about being prostitutes 




 I got married :) 




 I have a real issue with that. I feel that they shouldn't do unneccesary surgeries without consent, and if the dad is there he should have to sign as well. I also have an issue with the HUGE amount of cesarean sections that have been performed over the years when they were not needed. I don't care if you are a doctor, unless my life or the baby's life are in danger you should get my permission before you cut open my body!
I've always been anxious about going to a hospital for delivery for those two reasons. 




 Good to know. I've never had a baby or worked in a hospital so I had no idea lol 




 I had genital warts as well. Thankfully after the colposcopy and wart burning which were both agonizingly painful might I add, the hpv eventually went away on its own. That was 10 years ago and I've had normal paps ever since.  The thing about hpv is, unless there are physical signs such as genital warts and or abnormal cervical cells there really is no way of knowing. I'm really glad they came out with the vaccine AFTER I already had hpv lol. 




 Yea after 90 days we have to send a certified letter to people telling them their storage unit will be auctioned off.
Of course usually the letters end up returned because they gave us the wrong address, but that's not our fault. 




 why would you do this? wouldn't you have to touch your own shit? 




 Personally I would feel really insulted if I knew my husband was deliberately "throwing" the game so I would win. 




 I wish I had waited until I was in a long term commited relationship instead of just having random flings. How long have they been dating?  Personally I wish I would have waited until I was 18 because I was not ready to have protected sex with a long term partner. Instead I ended up with hpv and genital warts which I ended up giving to my first long term partner. Words cannot describe how shitty I felt and I wished I had waited. So please please ask her to use condoms at the very least.   




 In addition to birth control I would really encourage the use of condoms 




 Where did you end up finding them? I may need to buy some 




 This is the exact same problem I have! I need someone to hold the trash can so I can lift the bag out, because they cram it full of so much shit it gets vacuum sealed in there. 









 I was at work saturday. I was off yesterday. Came in this morning and our customer bathroom toilet brush has gone AWOL.  It's USED. Someone stole our used toilet brush. And now I have nothing to clean the toilet bowls with.

Sigh. 




 Coupon 50% off all Pizzas at Menu Price  Online Only

I got a large pizza for $7 so it would be a good time to PIF! 




 We are supposed to fill out these surveys giving our opinions of the management. I know they don't really want the truth but this is what I would say.    Part time employees should not be getting overtime while the rest of us are having our hours cut to 1 or 2 days a week because we are over on payroll and the manager lets employees work whenever and as long as they want.  I cannot pay my bills with two days a week and yet we just hired more people!  The manager shows up at 7 and consistently leaves by 11.  Employees who have been with the company for years are making the same wages as people who have no experience and were just hired.  It is no wonder why people are quitting for better jobs when they can start off at $14.50.  Most of the employees sit around talking all day and texting while the hard workers run the store, doing their own jobs in addition to everyone else's work, including the manager's. 




 We are constantly getting people coming into our store or calling and asking for "Frank" or "Joe" or 15 other people who do not and have never worked there. The only thing I can fathom is that if they call the store and we let it ring four times it goes to the call center in arizona. The call center people are morons. They are always scheduling truck reservations for trucks we don't have, hitch appointments on days when there is no hitch mechanic in the store, and generally making our job 50% harder, especially when the customer comes in and we have to tell them that the call center screwed up. We don't really have that truck available. "But the lady on the phone said!"  

Well sir that lady on the phone is a moron. She is over 2000 miles away and is too lazy to look at the computer to see that this particular truck is on the other side of the state.

Anyway, we get this at least once a day. "Is so and so here?"
 Who?

"I talked to so and so."
Nobody by that name works here.
"I just called here and talked to them 5 minutes ago!"

What's better is when after explaining how the call center works the person STILL thinks that one of the employees was the one on the phone and that somehow we are lying to them or playing a trick on them.


TL;DR Just because you talk to someone on the phone doesn't mean they actually work here. 




 plus free shipping on orders of $50 or more
and 3 free samples with purchase of $5 or more

http://www.paulaschoice.com/shop/skin-care-categories/aha-and-bha-exfoliants/ 




 Looking for sites that sell makeup and take Paypal!!  Thanks. 




 Want to buy too faced boudoir eyes. Offering $25 plus shipping
because I found one on amazon for that price.
 Thanks!!

EDIT
also looking for occ lip tars/lip tar minis
in black dahlia, NSFW, and the clear base coat

TY


update: found someone selling smashbox full exposure, thanks :) 




 I have finally figured out how to block pm's from people I do not like, but is there a way of blocking harassing comments as well? 




 I am trying to determine my next snack box subscription.  I got graze and the portions were really small. I wanted to try munchpak or oyatsubox because I love foreign treats and they can often be pretty expensive to ship overseas.  I like that munchpak is less money and has treats from ALL over but I would be pretty mad if I got all/mostly US available snacks. If I wanted that I could walk to the gas station/grocery store.  The oyatsubox seems to be more expensive but it is ALL Japanese candy. I wouldn't have to worry about getting local crap like fritos/skittles/etc.
Has anyone tried one or both of these services? What did you think? Thanks :) 




 I had already unsubscribed but I thought I'd give them another chance. WRONG.  Not only did I get TEA and a PERFUME SAMPLE for the millionth time but the beauty protector oil sample had leaked all over the box and everything in it.  I am done with them. Cashed in my points and not giving them another dime! 




 Does anyone have this? I want it sooo much but I am trying to not buy makeup :(

was thinking of using my birchbox points so I don't have to pay full price. $49 seems kind of expensive. 




 Just signed up for graze (for the free box, heh)

Unlike julep, you can cancel anytime online
so I will try it out and then see if it's worth it.
Has anyone else tried this? Are the snacks any good? A lot of them sound really yummy but the portions look tiny. 

 




 We had a customer sitting in our waiting area, waiting for his hitch to be installed. He brought lunch (mountain dew and a sandwich) and apparently nail clippers. Lunch I can understand.  Bringing a book I can understand. But he just started clipping his nails. In public.  Do that at home, in your bathroom! And I have to clean them up once he leaves. Ew. 




 Was listening to kdge and they played an ad for some haunted santa thing in plano??? Anyone heard of this?   Only in town for the week, upset that I'm going to miss out on aziz ansari and the toadies  :-( 




 My mom just got me one of these for christmas!

http://www.freemanbeauty.com/product/best-of-beauty-seasonal-set


Best of Beauty Seasonal Set
$17.99

The more IS the merrier with our limited edition best of beauty seasonal set that makes your skin beautiful, merry, and bright! 12 fabulously fragrant treats are perfect for prepping skin before a big night out, or for soothing your skin as you settle in for a warm winter evening. Get a set for yourself...then show off your generous side and wrap a couple up for your friends! Valued over $70, its all yours for just $17.99Tis the season for skin that glows!

Best of Beauty Seasonal Set Includes

Feeling Beautiful Cucumber Facial Peel-Off Mask 6 oz. 
Bare Foot Peppermint   Plum Foot Lotion 5.3 oz.
Bare Foot Repair for Cracked Heels 3.4 oz. 
Vita-K Professional for Spider Veins 3.0 oz. 
Psssst! Original Dry Shampoo 5.3 oz. 
Eclos Instant Radiance Facial Scrub 5.0 oz. 
c. Booth Walnut Shell Body Scrub   Cleanser 16.0 oz. 

1 sachet each of 
Feeling Beautiful Avocado   Oatmeal Facial Clay Mask 0.5 oz. 
Feeling Beautiful Charcoal   Black Sugar Facial Polishing Mask Mask 0.5 oz. 
Feeling Beautiful Dead Sea Minerals Facial Anti-Stress Mask o.5 oz. 
Bare Foot Peppermint   Plum Foot Scrub 0.5 oz. 

Freeman Beauty Socks 


Pretty excited for everything except the spider veins treatments since thankfully I don't have those yet. lol

But I definitely need the foot stuff and masks!

Yay!
 









 Disclaimer: The following post will probably be disgusting.

Today at work, my coworker alerted me to a problem in the men's bathroom. I had already cleaned it so I sighed and asked him what was wrong.

Someone had taken a dump and left it in the toilet bowl. The men's room smelled horrible.  

I went to investigate.

"Why wouldn't they flush?" I asked myself, sighing.

Hindsight is 20/20 and I have determined that the guilty party had probably, in fact flushed.  

My brave coworker and I marched to the bathroom.  
I held my nostrils closed and flushed.
Nothing.

It won't budge.

My coworker tried flushing.

Nothing.  

I ran from the room, gagging.

The poop was the consistency of glue. It wasn't going anywhere.
It had plans of sticking around for a long, long time.

My coworker suggested pouring bleach on it to facilitate the flushing process.

I ran for the cleaning supplies.

In the meantime my coworker decided to record a video on his phone showing the flushing process and lack of progress.

He said he was going to upload it on youtube.
He was going to title it "It won't go down."

I poured a fuckton of bleach on the offending turd.
It started to disintegrate into a million pieces of stinky disgusting turd.  I repeated the bleach pouring and flushing remedy to no avail.  Maybe, I thought, maybe I'll let it set for a while so the bleach can really soak in there.

I made a sign. Out of order. Please use women's restroom.
Sorry!  I taped it to the door.

Did I mention I sprayed a ton of air freshener??

I think we should like, poke it with a stick, I told my coworker.

That's disgusting, he replied. 

Yes, yes it is, I thought.

Somehow I've gotta clean this thing.

I googled "poop won't flush" but did not come up with a cure-all solution.  I started looking for something to poke the poo with.  Eventually after half a gallon of bleach and 20 flushes the poop finally SLID down the hole.
It left the hugest shitstained bowl I've ever seen.

After much plunging and toilet bowl cleaner soaking
and toilet bowl scrubber scrubbing, I finally defeated the shit demon.


I felt like a champion.


I left the door propped open so the bathroom would air out.

Still I warned everyone to use the ladies' room. 




 I'm sick of spending $15 for 4 refill cartridges for expensive razors.
Currently my husband uses gilette fusion and I am using venus.  We got him 4 store brand refills for $5 but they don't fit on the actual gilette fusion, so we're going to have to pay 7.99 to buy the damn generic razor.  Other than buying disposable bic soleils, I'm out of ideas.
How can I get cheaper razor blades? I'm sick of spending $30 total every time we need refill blades .

 




 I work for a storage/moving truck company.  Today we got a truck back with urine in it.  For once I am glad I work back in storage and not up front because I normally have to clean up the gross stuff. Today someone else gets that honor. 




 I forgot to make an into post!

I am a married 28 y/o from Scranton, PA

I work at a storage /moving truck rental company with a bunch of guys and don't really have time for much makeup before work.  Normally I just do eyeliner, bb cream, and some kind of lip balm/gloss. Also I have to clean out storage units all day so by the end of the day I am gross and exhausted.  I am really in love with any kind of foot scrub because my feet get really sore from being on my feet all day.
I also use a lot of makeup/cleansing wipes at work when I get a chance
and I get really dry hands from cleaning products so I always have some kind of hand cream/lotion in my purse. 

On my day off I normally just catch up on house cleaning. Occasionally I still like to glam up however it's not as often as I'd like. 




 Normally I just tap him a little until he wakes up and stops snoring. but five seconds later he starts snoring again. Sometimes I want to strangle him. 














 Has anyone seen this? It's based on the Dyatlov Pass Incident.

http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/devils_pass/

Seems pretty cool.
I'm either watching that or Escape from Tomorrow.

http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/escape_from_tomorrow_2013/


I'm sick of the damn "Halloween" and "Nightmare on Elm Street" marathons that seem to be going on on cable right now... 




 I just signed up for the julep free box. I don't really want another monthly subscription- I already have birchbox and I've tried and cancelled my ipsy subscription. Anyway I want my first box but after that I plan on cancelling. How exactly do I do that? I'm looking all over their site and can't seem to find that option.

Thanks!!! 




 I started taking spironolactone two weeks ago because I have high testosterone and hirsutism / acne.  I am only on 25 mg twice a day. I did some online searches and it seems like the typical dose for acne is 100 mg while for overweight patients and those with excessive facial hair the dosage may be 250-300 mg.  I'm thinking about calling my endocrinologist to see if he will up my dosage. But from what I've read it can take up to two months to see results. So far my face is still broken out and I'm still having to shave every day, sometimes twice. :(


Also I am looking into getting a Tria hair removal laser for Christmas. It's supposed to be the closest to professional laser removal you can get at home.  I don't have the money to go get it done and it's too embarassing, I'd rather do it at home. I've already had to shave my face every day for the past 5 years, I hope something can be done. Even if it's not permanent if it just slows the hair growth it would be worth $450. It is a pretty big investment though, and if it doesn't work I don't know if I'll be able to get a refund.

Does anyone have any experience with either of these? Has anyone had any success with  getting rid of unwanted facial hair ?
I'm also on birth control so the spiro combined with that should reduce my acne but the facial hair is my biggest concern. 




 Has anyone tried clomid? My obgyn was trying to get me to ovulate. Provera didn't bring my period back even though they tried it twice. I did finally get my period after taking birth control but if I want to get pregnant I am going to have to stop taking that and maybe try clomid instead to bring on ovulation. Anyway just wondering if anyone has any experience. Thanks! 
























 I donated 10 bucks here. I can't read the actual zoo website to figure out how to donate. 




 Congratulations Everypony! 




 Oh no. get well soon and hope all goes well! 




 Apparently they are getting a lot of angry calls because they are charging people full price for the mystery boxes when they already checked out with the coupon code. So yea, I expect to be on hold for a while. 




 How can I help? Is there any way I can donate via paypal?
 




 Do those things work? I am always getting blisters :( 




 didn't they have a jump to conclusions mat? 




 haha thanks for reminding me to call and cancel my subscription, I've been meaning to but it's such a pain in the ass and you're always on hold for like 2 hours... 




 Why can't the siblings who actually give a shit plan the damned funeral?
Honestly there has to be like a cremation and cardboard box option covered for those who don't have money/ aren't willing to spend money on someone they hate 




 I'd buy one.  




 That sucks, good luck 




 pretty!!! what are you having done? 




 If I had to read ONE book, Fight Club would be a pretty good one to choose. 




 Ok I will play devil's advocate. There is not a single book that 50 kids would agree they all want to read. How would the teachers get around that if not choosing one for them? 




 The Scarlet Letter isn't a shitty book. I am against being forced to read books. God knows I hated "A Farewell to Arms" and pretty much every other Hemingway book.  But The Scarlet Letter isn't really that bad. For god's sake if you have to go watch the movie version 




 almost every time I am in a bookstore or a target, someone inevitably assumes I work there. I do not wear a red shirt. I hate khakis.
I don't get it 




 like what, "divergent"?

I'll pass 




 Oh heaven forbid you should be forced to read 




 I have no menstrual cycle unless I am on hormonal birth control. YAY Pcos! 




 The signs at our store say that. I guess because they had too many of these type of shenanigans 




 Bah everytime coke goes on sale everyone comes and buys it all then I can't get any at all. :( 




 what an asshole. he's the reason I can't get ONE pack  




 that is so sad :( 




 That was nice of you. Most people would just keep the more expensive item 




 and this is why I do not drive forklifts. lol 




 why the fuck are the other employees standing around talking the whole time? 




 How do you NOT clip your balls with that?
I've tried and I nicked the shit out of my labia. I trim with scissors. I am not cutting my vagina and honestly my husband doesn't care. 




 Well you don't marry someone unless they go down on you. DUH 




 Yea I cannot shave my pubes at all. I get ingrown pubes and they get infected. So this would be a deal breaker for me 




 I honestly can't see why anyone would think they look good 




 18 days? that must be some kind of record.... 




 oh damn the red wedding nails look amazingggggggg 




 also mexico. 




 If you aren't happy with the old one, why buy a new one? 




 I've gotten one box. And I had to wait like 6 months to get it. Just review a bunch of crap, tweet and or share on facebook, ask questions and then wait for a survey to come in your email. I ended up lying my ass off to get this cheese voxbox. We'll see if it works. I have done like 3 or 4 pre-qualification surveys and I always get "we're sorry but you don't qualify". So I am trying to lie now to actually get boxes 




 I had a laparoscopy because of my PCOS. I was in a lot of pain and they wanted to see if I might have endometriosis. I did not but while they were in there they got a bunch of tiny cysts out since they were causing me pain.  It was a same day surgery, they knocked me out and then I woke up like 2 hours later. The painful part was the gas. They have to blow you up with gas to see your insides better. That shit hurts so bad. I was really gassy for like 3 days. They gave me hydrocodone and I was taking them like every 8 hours because I was in a lot of pain. After about three days the pain got better but I still stayed at home for like two weeks because I have a labor intensive job and I didn't want to pop any stitches or anything. I had my surgery on february 20th and I'm completely healed but I have a tiny scar in my belly button and along my pubis.

I do not have any experience with blocked tubes but my aunt had a twisted ovary. They ended up having to remove it (the ovary) but she ended up having three girls with one ovary.   




 robin's egg blue. so ... robin 




 If I had 4k I'd buy a damn car 




 lol he wanted you to refund his gas money? 




 so you've been to a doctor? what the fuck is that ? 




 yea that is fucked up. anal is not a loophole that magically allows sex before marriage 




 I just ignore them until they hang up. 




 he sounds like a scumbag  




 for sale: slightly used bench. non functioning. 




 Worst case scenario: you could get genital warts, if that is the particular strain she has. 

Another possible scenario: you could get hpv and then give it to another female.

HPV can lead to cervical cancer but early detection/prevention is key.

I would recommend using a condom at least until you are in a serious relationship 




 Thank you 




 It's probably evolutionary because otherwise nobody would want to have sex... 




 That is awful :( 




 personally I wouldn't want to have sex with someone unless they were comfortable with it. granted I don't always want to have sex during my period but if they can't be mature about it, I would have trouble respecting them 




 You're very right. Some of our trucks have that ridiculous have to turn the steering wheel thing before starting. My car does the same thing but it's somehow more difficult on the newer trucks. My husband forgets after years of marriage that he has to do that with my car. Also that the gas tank is on the passenger side. 




 dammit I started freaking out too, then I realized it's not may. lol 




 fuck I have no idea when the hell easter is.
 




 oh my god. I am so sorry. I wouldn't have any contact with her either 




 UGH. We had a lady yesterday screaming and CURSING at her kids and threatening to slap them. As far as I could tell they were just sitting in the backseat of her car being kids. She was screaming something about you kids have no god damn respect for anything yadda yadda yadda. It took every fiber of my being to not go over there and slap the shit out of that woman. Those poor children. :( 




 Thanks! 




 I believe you can buy gift cards with paypal. I am broke as shit but can use paypal/bill me later to buy gift cards. The only thing is I have no idea what I am doing. Does anyone know how the hell to do this? Thanks 




 I've thought about reporting it or at least telling corporate
 




 The employees at my store don't wear the name tags. There's a big pile of them behind the front desk. For some reason I never got the memo that nobody wears them so I've been wearing mine all this time. 




 I would have filed a police report. That is assault. 




 I work at a place that rents moving trucks and vans.

We get notifications when something is wrong with one of the vehicles. So I was trying to figure out if we had to send them to get repaired or if it was something stupid like windshield wipers. Most of the time people leave the lights on and then freak out because they have a dead battery.
It would be funny if it didn't happen SO frequently.

Anyway there were two notifications on our vans that popped up yesterday. I investigated because these vans were fine the day prior.
Apparently, we had two different people call roadside assistance yesterday. The first apparently got his van stuck a few blocks over from the store. It was raining and I guess (?) he tried to drive through mud.  All I could see on the computer was where the guy got stuck and that they determined it was the customer's fault. They had to tow him.

The second guy locked the keys in the van somewhere in New York. 

Do you think this kind of crap would happen so frequently if it was their own vehicle?

Finally someone coming with one of our trailers from Reno NV had to stop in Iowa for the night because whoever put the hitch on their car didn't do a great job and the trailer was coming loose. This is the only one of three reports that was caused due to our company's negligence. I am only including this one because we had to send someone out to fix it and pay for his hotel room. There were two adults, a cat, and a dog. And the ramada doesn't have any rooms that allow pets.  I genuinely feel bad for these people. They are more than halfway from Nevada to our location and travelling with pets is a nightmare.  

 




 Give him the discount, then eat the kitkat :) 




 I work at a storage/rental truck place. We have a "climate control" section. Ironically, the roof leaks. So people are paying MORE money hoping their antiques and heirlooms will be safe from the elements, not realizing that there's a very real chance their stuff will be ruined by mold and water.
Our manager is aware. Our regional manager is aware. And his response is "oh we have all these empty rooms, it's not a big deal." The thing is, the leaks are NOT in individual rooms. They are in HALLWAYS.  Yesterday I spent most of the afternoon placing buckets so I wouldn't have to mop up dirty water for the 50th time that day. I also left wet floor signs in three different places. I am leaving the buckets there because 1) maybe if it looks trashy enough they will fix the damned roof, 2) I do not want someone to slip, fall, and sue the shit out of the company and 3) We have a damned flood watch. I am not going to be back in until tuesday and nobody is going to go back there to clean up dirty water until then.  The roof has been leaking for months. Every time it snows there's a leak. Every time it rains there's a leak. For the most part I've tried ignoring it and just mopping up when I can but it all seems futile. 




 it rubs the lotion on its skin 




 That is the worst photoshop attempt I have ever seen. 




 Oh I know. I am connected to my mother's account, and she had a stroke and lost her job. So since we don't have a combined total of like $7,000 in the bank now we have to pay a monthly bs fee.
 




 ugh, of course not 




 I smell a lawsuit 




 isn't this just going to lead to all the doctors giving birth control off-label? Oh well we'll just say you have heavy periods. wink wink 




 I have PCOS. In order to have a regular period I have to take birth control. I stopped taking birth control and had no period for OVER THREE YEARS.
I would sue the ever living fuck out of these assholes if they wouldn't give me birth control 




 haha I would give him 11 cents out of my pocket on the condition that he never come back to that store 




 I "solved" the mystery when I realized I can squirt buckets and then get up after sex and STILL pee. I mean if it was pee, you think my bladder would be empty by that point. 




 Just a question. Since this is the first time a guy has consistantly made you squirt, does he have a bend in his penis?
My husband has a curve in his penis facing up. It seems to hit my g-spot really easily, and almost every time we have sex I squirt. I USED to only squirt with a hitachi magic wand. So we have a theory that it has to do with his odd penis shape 




 Waterproof mattress pad from amazon
and we always have towels under my ass  




 who the hell is downvoting this? do you have no heart :( 




 This is my favorite line since reading this reddit and I have to repeat it to myself all day to keep from going insane:

"Lack of planning on your part does not constitute an emergency on mine." 




 Every time I use another bank's atm I get charged non bank atm fee TWICE 




 (previously) Bank of America.

Now, Wells Fargo.

I'm also getting charged a bullshit $13 monthly fee
I hate them. 




 I really like cetaphil 




 There's nothing wrong with it. if you're fine with it then there's not a problem 




 You mean I can't buy american airlines plane tickets in the book store?  




 take the money, then walk over to the other store, then hand THEM the money.
lol problem solved 




 yea how do cute tiny things have a gender? 




 all vaginas are different.
just like all penises are different.
short of having major surgery there's nothing that can be done and you're just going to have to deal with it 




 Use our atms. Get charged a $7.50 fee.
Then have YOUR bank charge a non *bank name* atm fee.
:) 




 well i guess you could have carved the heavy part out of the pineapple, leaving it a hollow shell.... 




 d'awwwwwww 




 fuck him, go home if he's going to be a dick about it 




 shit I thought he was being serious 




 /r/mildlyinteresting 




 oh my god. glad the dude survived 




 How often are you masturbating? 




 It sounds like he was pretty fun to have around. At least to make the day less boring. 




 he was probably too busy talking on the phone to notice that lol 




 bah I would have called the cops 




 ugh I hate people on their cell phones. hang the fuck up! 




 ewww 




 We get this all the time. Then they're all like "your doors are broken!" 




 The other day we had a guy manage to sneak into the store with the lights off to use the bathroom. WE ARE CLOSED. I was horrified because I thought he was trying to rob the store or something. Nope he wanted to go pee.

And then he wanted to buy something/rent a truck. What part of "closed" do you not understand?
You can use the bathroom but then we are going to have to ask you to leave.  




 reading is hard 




 I know right? Laundry, showers, sleeping in beds. It's almost criminal /s 




 rofl he wanted a bribe of meat 




 Work at a box truck company that sells storage. We had a guy threaten to beat up a coworker because they were charged for gas. It was like 15 dollars. 




 what a dick 




 I wasn't there but once a dude tripping his balls off ran into the store, punched some mannequins, sprinted up stairs, swung on a sign then tried to jump off the stairway. Apparently he thought he was mountain climbing.


Man I'd be pissed if I missed out on seeing that 
























 aw damn I was hoping someone wanted MY tarte for true blood palette! lol 




 Yodeling. Oh dear lord do tell. 




 bah you should have gave her a small.
of course she'd complain that THAT was too small. 




 Not really suicide themed, of course that's what the headlines were but it was actually a "RIP childhood" party 




 Not everyone can cum from sex. I can't get myself off with my fingers, I have to use a vibrator.  Have you tried having sex with a small vibrator on your clit?  




 You don't have to.... 




 not paying for shipping and handling... 




 seems like 9/10 of these were always broken or otherwise fucked up and ate your pencil 




 I could sit there and literally shred my entire pencil 




 I try to use it to find my car in a parking lot 




 Yea $1 for the 2 pack and then 6.95 s h 




 did someone mention delicious russian pastries?
 




 Also we used to have neighborhood cats that would stop and get fed at every house on the street because everyone thought they were strays/starving to death.
They'd live with us for a while then go missing for like 3 days seeing their other families. 




 My mom calls my cats her "grandcats" 




 YOU'RE NOT MY REAL mom! 




 Yea kids will feed all kinds of stuff to dogs if you let them. Chocolate cake, etc.

NONONONONON We don't feed that to lard ass (I mean fido) 




 my cats are really good at this. I feed them, husband feeds them
and then when we get home I feed them, a few hours later he feeds them again.
We have a pig cat who will sit there are eat until she pukes.
And then continue eating again, if we let her. 




 I'm real bad about popping the blisters and then they leave like a crater scar where there's a chunk of flesh missing. :-0 




 my pink sparkly riding crop.
I think I'd figure it out quickly enough, though.... 




 are they burns? in my experience burns take a long ass time to heal, especially if they blister and you pop the blister.
 




 They have generic versions of mederma that are pretty good 




 It depends. if they are keloid scars they will almost never fade. If however they are just minor lacerations and heal without a raised scar they will fade to at least be a bit lighter over the years 




 yay! thanks :) 




 Sorry sir, if you don't like it write your congressman.
 




 I bought my mystery box today. Am I still going to get this one? or next month's? any ideas? Thanks!! 




 poor thing. RIP 




 My skoshbox came with the pocky and aero green tea demolished into a million bits. I was pretty upset. but I ate the powdered crumbled mess anyway 




 Well, in the defense of men, Sybians are fucking expensive. lol 




 we had them in west virginia in like 93 




 YES we had one of these in elementary school  (born in 85)
the notebooks were pretty badass, it took quarters. 




 YEP 




 Damn those sluts being under the age of consent! 




 Eh, did you actually have sex?
Because that would be bad.
 




 Thank god I'm not the only one who has that paranoia.
 




 "I haven't tipped in the last 10 years!"


I'm sure she's VERY proud of herself.

I would tell her to go die in a fire. 




  I haven't tipped in the last 10 years!

Go to hell. 

Seriously, you are going to hell.

 




 YOU CAN'T PROVE ANYTHING! 




 Well if there's change left over from my $5 bill then I give them the change in the tip jar. but since the drinks at starbucks are like 4.70 with tax, it's not a lot.... 




 Why don't they have a tip option when paying with a card? I feel like I dick never tipping but I do not carry cash. 




 Is it any better when I visually imagine myself stabbing the customers with a fork? 




 Yea sure I went to community college for two years and university for four years and the job market blows so I have to serve douchebags 9-5 in order to pay back student loans. but sure, I'm a high school dropout.

 




 our computers were down all day. YAY 




 I leave mine in the bathroom by the tub... So yes it's mine now mwahaha 




 Gorgeous! 




 Yea he has a heart attack or some shit 




 I think diabetics feel the need to urinate a lot. Still not an excuse. 




 oh ok I was confused, thought she bought it online 




 lol. 




 jesus christ lady, go online and print your fucking order summary. 




 ugh, I always get stuck in line behind "return lady" 




 "Is the item blue?"


....I don't know. 




 but it only weighs five pounds.
and she can ride in it.....


 




 maybe it's a drawing of a carriage?` 




 FUCK YEAH let's  GIVE COWS VACCINES
and DO KEG STANDS! 




 is it football related? 




 yea she's pretty much just crazy 




 she also shot andy warhol 




 well. Hold him captive I've coming over with cheeseburgers 




 olestra!!! 




 yea fine show up at 7. your shit won't be ready. bitch 




 Yea Ours are pretty fucking sturdy.... 




 the falcons are gone :( 




 owwww 




 I would have taken the free half dozen old donuts and left with a smile. 




 I want donuts at like 3 am. and coffee. Does that make me a pig?  I'm not picky though, I'll take whatever.
 




 Ok I read that, still don't understand why there was a riot. 




 holy shit why was there a riot? 




 lame. I really wanted the balm one but it's not worth resubscribing and getting broken stuff or tea. 




 how the hell did he break it? 




 yep, they were after free shit 




 "is it raining?" 




 I WANT IT 




 uh how the fuck are we supposed to remember every single customer's phone/pin number? 




 Yeah, if she threw her credit card on the floor it would stay there. 




 At my mother's clinic they had signs, basically "hang the fuck up"
and people still came up to the receptionist, phone in hand. 




 I don't know your pin number.
YOU have to do that part.
 




 That is awesome.
 




 That explains a lot. 




 oh my god that sounds horrible.
 




 CAKE IS NECESSARY! mwahaha 




 wonder if his wife is even allergic or he's making that part up, too... 




 tell him to go take a hike 




 roofie cookies. do not eat 




 What is this she owes the attorneys money business? Do you guys turn them over to creditors or what? 




 She wants you to let her in 




 "Sorry honey, the cat was here first." :) 




 I don't understand why people are so confused. They hand the card to me. I can't see the fucking screen!
Have you never used a card before? 




 I do the same thing. Until you hang the fuck up I am pretending you are invisible. 




 Reminds me of my coworker who had a customer who wanted to run her card as credit but inevitably kept typing in her pin number. So the coworker had to cancel and reset it. over and over and over again. sigh 




 If it was genital warts there would likely be more than one. 




 bah you can have it shipped to store? then shipping is free. what a whiner 




 hmmm $25 or $5, which is more. 




 I tried to tape the guts back inside. Then I cried. I was mad at my cat for a week. I was pretty young, like 9. 




 Bald eagles are no longer endangered, partially due to being bred in captivity. 




 Holistic dog dentistry?  I've heard everything now! 




 Covergirl pressed powder and lipsmackers.  Every day.  So chalky. 




 As a diabetic eating sugar, how is she not dead ? 




 Aw man, my cat brought home a baby bunny with its guts hanging out  :-(  was so mad 




 NO WAY is she gonna be able to find clothes that fit.
 




 Also, free babysitting 




 IDK, mine went through to the paypal payment screen. sorry :( 




 Sorry I had to downvote but your comment made me die a little inside. 




 The irony is the people in the prisons are eating better than the people on the streets. 




 Well for examples there are tigers which are endangered because their habitat can't sustain them. 
























 I swear to god they do that shit on purpose. Oh let's wait to run shit through until hey you're overdrawn! 
bank of america pulled that shit so many times I finally closed my account 




 aw, man!
I was guessing you were going to find out the tights were really for him. lol 




 soooo pretty!!
 




 jesus christ, what all did she order?
 




 Agreed. House ring 




  My abusive ex had her pick out my ring before and she actually fussed at me for ending the relationship after he assaulted me sexually badly enough to warrant an ER visit. She said I was "ruining the ring" and I didn't deserve it. Lol. 



PLEASE tell me you cut contact with her after that. jesus christ. 




 honestly I like the first ring better lol

also a female electrician? that is awesome.

And finally your mother needs to mind her own damn business. 




 I didn't really like anything this month so I skipped. AGAIN.
 




 lol my grandmother was half Lakota Sioux and SHE had facial hair ! My mother and I have to pluck our chin hairs. 

My husband claims that 100% "pure blood" Native Americans have no facial hair. I've tried arguing that almost no one is "100%" anything but I digress. It appears to be a common stereotype, just one I never heard before him. 




 I have not heard of any blood moon lore.
They did believe in skinwalkers however, which is pretty cool. 




 Some cultures have multiple husbands as well.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polyandry 




 kinky 




 That's a really good idea. I wish my husband would do this! 




 I would rather my husband jerk off to my picture than porn anyday! 




 then there are the girls who flirt with the gm for gear..... 




 Dammit I need one of these for cats 




 how long does it take them to ship? 




 Agree, if he truly loved you he would be able to deal with you no matter how fucked up emotionally you are.  I have some really shitty depression/anger issues and my husband could have decided he was in over his head and I would have understood but I guess the good outweighs the bad for him and he is able to deal with it. 




 CALL HR. That is not acceptable. 




 I think it was more like usps probably tossed it around. We ate the pieces so I wasn't worried about it but probably not going to subscribe again 




 that's what she said 




 Or you know the child could get stuck and you'd have to call 911 and get an ambulance and fire dept out there to save your kid for letting them do something stupid and possibly harmful. 




 jesus christ 




 I cancelled mine after the first box because everything was broken :(

The candy and pocky were in a million pieces 




 I don't know if I'm about to start my period or if my body just hates me 




 goddammit! mine is throbbing and I didn't even have sex :( 




 "Be a good boy"

What the fuck does she think you're a dog?! That's infuriating 




 poor chicks 




 or the police. we have a lost child!  




 And bears, I hope :) 




 Ok well as a woman I can say with some measure of expertise that most women I know need at least 20 minutes to get off.

But you are correct there is a majority of women who can't get off from PIV 




 "I've never made her cum from sex and last ~7 minutes every time, at the longest"

That's your problem right there.
Obviously there's nothing in it for her so why would she want to have sex? 




 holy crap these are a work of art! 




 most important thing- does it have a dungeon? 




 To protect yourself from... cows? 




 I went with minimum required coverage. To save money.
BAM uninsured motorist hit my parked car.
Because I didn't pay the uninsured motorist coverage there was nothing I could do.

The worst part is we called the guy's insurance company and they said he WAS covered only to find out two days later he wasn't. His insurance company wouldn't do shit, my insurance company wouldn't do shit, and it was too late to call the cops.

The good news is the guy is in jail now for a string of like 12 burglaries in the area.  
 




 Assuming they are too poor to move. 




 First of all, this was not a stranger. It was her ex-boyfriend who had already sent her to the hospital. At that point I would file a restraining order and buy a gun or call a women's shelter/move so he couldn't find me in the first place. 




 That's so horrible :( 




 That is crazy! I thought American doctors were money hungry but this is like 1000x worse! 




 damn I want to hire him to make my wedding invitations 




 can I just get the good ones? 




 .... so it's basically a prescription racket? 




 ok I call bullshit, are those even letters? 




 my obgyn is horrible at this. cvs had to call the nurse to figure out what the hell the rx was for.... 




 Thanks so much! Great seller- Glad I could help you raise money for a great cause! Love my items! 




 Texans and New Yorkers are tied imo.... 




 oh wow, she is gorgeous! with or without makeup! 




 lol what is that exactly white clown makeup + blood? 




 Absolutely they either need to fire her or call the police because blocking up your store phone is not acceptable. 




 I'd be afraid to sit down in those. 




 some asshole tried to sign their name on our credit card machine with an actual pen. *facepalm* 




 see I see everyone else get amazing boxes and I always end up with punishment boxes !
that's why I keep cancelling and then resubscribing only to be disappointed again :( 




 oh wow you got a REALLY good box!
I've been wanting the paula's choice and the balm apples.
 




 yea I can't imagine wearing these long term 




 I've seen panties with pearl thongs going up your ass crack but never in the front... 




 Yea, birchbox is having major shipping issues as well 




 I'm actually on it for pcos. I don't get normal periods unless I'm on birth control. If I got pregnant at this point it would be a miracle and I'd be happy lol. 




 this is called lane skiing and I used to see it every day on 635 




 typical texas driver....
I've seen people make a right hand turn from the left lane. 




 wanted to mention that I had no "purge" with the 2% bha gel but YMMV 




 I have been using the 2% bha gel with good results. The liquid burned my sensitive skin too much, and I haven't tried the lotion 




 benzoyl peroxide and birth control are the only things that work for my hormonal acne :( 




 It may be a fetish. I like gangbang stuff, tentacles, etc.
To others it may be fucked up but whatever, it gets me off. 




 not at all. 




 Some women tend to do it a lot, others don't. I would try g spot stimulation and a hitachi magic wand. 




 gahhh this is too much work 




 Lol I thought he was supposed to be in exile from human society... 




 lol my cat likes to play with wadded up receipts.
 




 I'm going to go with feminists for $5000, Alex 




 how about $20 plus s h?
BTW the eyeliner is empty, it broke :( 




 Any idea what the shipping rate would be? I've never shipped to canada before lol 




 Caramel apple 




 Fill up on vegetables/fruits. Drink a lot of water and have healthy snacks prepared that way when you snack you have a better substitute on hand. Don't buy junk food/keep it in the house

Of course at work it's harder, especially when everyone is ordering fast food/take out.   




 I love when kids come in the store. 99% of the time they make my day 




 oh wow, even better! *high fives* 




 Yes your sil is a horrible person to say that. she has no idea what you've gone through/are still going through. :( 




 mmmmm you guys have good donuts 




 We have kids that run behind our counter. Their parents say they're going to leave them there and we threaten to put them to work. One day a mom threatened to lock her son in a storage unit. I wasn't sure if she was joking lol 




 yea this is a joke 




 holy crap dude I would buy that. 




 yea too much paperwork lol 




 Snow is the name in the north for bastards
Like "Flowers" is the name for bastards in highgarden
there are a few others but I can't remember right now 




 let me guess, gluten free bs? 




 "Well you better call an ambulance, because I have high blood pressure!"

Oh I would have called them. She was obviously being a drama queen. I bet she would have freaked out and peed her pants once she realized you were actually dialing 911. 




 lol do not test on animals 




 Especially when I need you to pay attention to and answer important questions regarding payment, insurance, phone numbers, etc. 




 And I know he would have been pissed off at OP if his order had been messed up because he wasn't paying attention because he was too busy talking on the phone to tell OP what toppings/condiments he wanted. I actually thought that was what was going to happen.  




 hmmm this post makes me want a cherry limeade.... 




 My money is on the overweight one.
I knew this girl in 5th grade that smelled like onions. She was large. I still don't know why she smelled that way. 




 fuck your snacks
GIVE ME MONEY 




 This old dude with  lung cancer came in and started flirting with me (not too creepy, he was winking and stuff lol). I was so sad when he started talking about his cancer, he was a really nice old man 




 for fuck's sake. buy both cat toys.
take them home. ask the cat.
return the one he doesn't like.

so simple 




 lol I wouldn't shop at a store that SOLD STALE FOOD 




 I do this too. I will wait for you to hang the hell up then pretend I suddenly just noticed your presence. 




 "I look at the coupon, look at him, then take my pen and underline, circle, and draw arrows pointing to the "not valid on" disclaimer"


Should have highlighted it. For emphasis :) 




 So she wanted her hair "did" but then decided she wanted ice cream too? 




 It wasn't even valuable medicine, it was medication for Alzheimer's, no painkillers or Adderall or anything.


WHY 




 how about the Kiss Nail Dress - Floral print ?

Thanks :) 




 we got a complaint on our review site for "theft of services"

Dude didn't pay his storage bill and his stuff got auctioned.
of course that's our fault. 




 Hey I am interested in the Juara Candlenut body cream - sample

the Angel bare escentuals

and Be A Bombshell lip crayon - Hot Damn
Thanks! 




 OMG WHERE IS PART 3 




 every time I am nauseous my husband goes "Well maybe you're pregnant!"  

Not funny. 




 awwww the alot is so cute 
























 Actually it's pretty common for women who are independent. I'm always worried about getting laundry done, washing dishes, work, cleaning the litter, bills... Being dominated allows me to surrender control over every little thing and be free from responsibility, if only temporarily. 




 I would try calling, they charged you 12? 




 Does anyone subscribe to this? Are the boxes pretty good? I need a new box since I cancelled my birchbox  




 They charged me a dollar but it may be just a "hold" to see if my card is good 




 I was having problems signing up for it at work. Had to email them to reset my password since I somehow missed the "create an account" part. 




 I just signed up for their box recently (ok I wanted a free box) but have heard bad things. Do they really send out tiny foil packets regularly? 




 At least you didn't get a box with broken glass and hair oil all over it... lol They sent me a replacement and didn't even bother packing the hair oil better. 




 Not only are they messing up the boxes but now the actual full sized product orders? sigh
 




 Has anyone tried any of the period box services? I am looking at the period store and le parcel. There are some really nice ones but I am not willing to spend $38 a month on a $9 box of tampons!!
I like the idea of not having to remember to run to the store in emergencies and I am currently low on supplies, plus chocolate in the mail that week would be awesome.  Any suggestions? 




 Yea I think it's a verification, I'm not too worried about the $1 I just want to watch it to make sure it doesn't change to a bigger charge!  




 I have a "tap three times" signal to let my husband know that I need to breathe. Normally I would just use a safe word but it's hard to talk when you can't breathe lol. Just please be careful! 




 It may have just been a hold to see if the card was legitimate. I am not sure yet, will see if it goes away in a few days 




 It is a great fantasy but in reality after about two or three orgasms most people get too sensitive to continue. Is she into bdsm?
There is a good website which is bondageorgasms.com
You could try tying her up with a hitachi between her legs.  




 Uh two things.
There's nothing wrong with liking certain things but you should not ever choke someone to the point of blacking out. That is not okay.

Also while there's nothing wrong with having sex on drugs, or sex while being choked, PLEASE do not combine the two. It would be a shitty way to die. 




 no. I like to be in control when not having sex. 




 Actually they charged my card $1. I emailed them to cancel, hopefully they will actually cancel my subscription 




 oh rainbow honey has a good base coat too, it's called all your base 




 seche vite is the best top coat.

as far as base coat goes I really like orly bonder 




 cuuuute! 




 oh that's not creepy at all..... 




 YES very Anne Hathaway. That dress is gorgeous and your figure is amazing! 




 I think they get positive reinforcement when other douchebags agree with them. At least I'm assuming that is encouraging them. Who the hell knows.  




 Tell him to shape up or ship out! 









 ugh and these people can get pregnant. and I can't :( 




 very cute!
 




 amg I love this. 




 YOU'RE DOOMED


DOOOOOOOMED 




 horse correct battery staple 




 poufy things. 




 expired :( 




 worth a shot. I'm white but my hair is really frizzy and thick so I'm gonna try it too 




 Omg I know. once they sent me a pen! 




 Omg, ow. Love your bath mat! 




 Brags about lexus.  Refuses to pay $89/night.   




 Yea it's fine, ty 




 I got CHEESE.  Lamest box ever.  Coupon for cheese, and a lunchbag 




 Bob is my hero. 




 It's an antique collectors item!!!  




 Just make up one, that's what i do at work.  Sometimes we get really creative with the fake emails lol 




 Soup isn't really bar food.... 




 Try to boost his confidence 




 They had me on the lowest possible "starter dose". Lol  I reacted badly to my levothyroxine too, they had to switch it to armour thyroid.  




 Well I already have a weak stomach, am lactose intolerant, etc. so it doesn't take much to send me to the bathroom lol 




 omg I would have slapped him and got taken off to jail 




 it's also supposed to help regulate hormones due to PCOS/help prevent diabetes. I cannot take it I was in the bathroom for two weeks straight. They changed it to the extended release and I was in the bathroom for another week and I switched doctors so I got someone who wouldn't make me take it lol 




 I have hypothyroidism as well. I'm glad you finally got a doctor that cares/listens/knows what the fuck he's doing. I had doctors who ignored my pain and insisted I take metformin for two years. I finally got an endocrinologist and an obgyn who doesn't have his head up his ass and he did a laparoscopy
just to see if I had endometriosis. I didn't but they did pop some cysts while they were in there which helped a lot with the pain.

 




 I cannot take metformin. It made me have diarrhea every day for like 2 weeks and I finally stopped taking it. 




 thanks! 




 PLEASE go no-contact with that woman.
I'm so glad you are in therapy, it's pretty obvious she is the reason you need it. 




 Have panic attacks, can confirm. 




 !!! I collect cameos. So I NEED one of these cameo ones!` 




 for god's sake she is not obese, she is a toddler whose hands are SWOLLEN due to FIREANT BITES 




 I swear to god they would go out of their way to look for me on purpose. like I smell good or something 




 my mom got bit by bullet ants in key west and had to put meat tenderizer on it. ughhh 




 those things are satan
 




 Oh thanks!  I think we do have one nearby. 




 My boxes are usually only 6.99, too. But when I add a non box item it seems like the shipping is almost always 15+ !! 




 I got the peach sake mask and loved it so I was hoping the serum would be the same stuff that was in the mask 




 So it's a difference in texture and when you apply it?? Do you need both? lol 




 to the us 




 It is the little sheet ones, I think the site is saying that no matter what I put in the cart :( 




 Ah, thanks! 




 paypal site won't load for me atm lol 




 usps 




 cheapest shipping option I see is $6.16 




 oh god I wish I could help you out as I am suffering through shark week too.
Unfortunately I am also broke as shit until May 1 :( 




 usps 




 Yea it weighs a pound, according to amazon. 




 Lol 
Well it is missing the eyeliner because honestly the eyeliner that came in it was a POS and broke. I was looking for $30 including shipping and handling.  

http://imgur.com/fUWzbjh

These are from the other day, I can update them with today's date if you'd like. lol

[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/iYlRafL.jpg) 




 it's probably the same stuff as nair, some people are allergic. I can't use it, I always break out in hives 




 YAY ball rash 




 holy cow that is adorable. 




 I think masturbating is a good thing UNLESS it is interfering with your sex life. 




 I think guys will pretty much jack off at least once a day no matter what.  




 My ex used to but orajel or desensitizing cream on his penis before putting on a condom. It seemed to help 




 That would suck because that is one of my favorite stores! 




 Yep! 




 Can someone explain the difference between a serum and an emulsion? I am looking at the skinfood peach sake. There is a toner, a serum, and an emulsion.  The serum you are supposed to use after lotion, and the emulsion you are supposed to use after toner. But I'm not sure which one to purchase. Thanks! 




 Can someone explain why the hell the shipping for one item is so much? I wanted to use my 5 points before they expire, so I put a tea tree mask in my cart which is $10 so the total would be $5...
And then I see the shipping is almost 20 dollars!

Standard $16.58
Express $30.99 

What the hell?
 




 ahhh thanks I didn't know that!
dammit I am broke too lol 




 In a lot of pain due to PCOS and having my period.

  I had to work yesterday on Easter (I clean storage at a rental truck company) and I guess I overdid it bending over to sweep and mop, etc so today I am stuck in bed, rolling around in pain.  Horrible cramps and back pain and for some reason I am nauseous.

I recently had surgery in February and in addition to paying the obgyn $500 and the hospital $1000 I still owe the anesthesiologist $646 for a surgery that didn't even fix the extreme pain I have been suffering from for years. 

 I have a cracked tooth and need a root canal but the dentist will not offer a payment plan and demands all $800 up front. 

I told him I cannot do this since I am already paying off the surgery I just had and ended up having to cancel the appointment. 

I am going to have to find another dentist who is willing to offer a payment plan as my hours have recently been cut at work to only TWO days a week because my manager is over on payroll.  

I'm trying to put off the root canal until I get the anesthesiologist bill paid off because I am not in pain (at least in my mouth) yet but I know it needs to be done. 

I had an abcess on my gums which went away when I took antibiotics but the dentist said that in order to save the tooth I would need a root canal.  

I don't really believe the dentist I think he just wanted to make a big bill to make money, but I can't go and get a second opinion because my insurance won't cover dental. 

 The good news is that since I paid my deductible I should be covered for all medical visits for the rest of the year once I pay the dentist and anesthesiologist bills.

I have three different doctors I am going to 
an obgyn for PCOS, an endocrinologist for the PCOS and my thyroid problem, and a family doctor and every time I go I get a $200 bill for blood work and the obgyn does an ultrasound like once every three months. 

 I am really glad for my husband's job because although he doesn't get paid well he does have good insurance. There is no way we could pay all of this off if his insurance didn't cover part of it.


I am on like 5 different medications- antidepressants, birth control for my pcos, spironolactone because I have excess testosterone (due to PCOS) to help with my hairy chin and acne, a thyroid medication 
and occasionally the pain gets so bad I have muscle relaxers and ultram/tramadol. 

Sometimes the pain gets so bad I start crying.  They went in and got a lot of cysts out of my ovaries but I guess I just grew new ones because I was only pain free for like a month after the surgery.  

Sorry for the long post but I have a lot on my mind right now. :(

Also please do not suggest I "just need to lose weight"
 




 damn wish I'd known this BEFORE I bought the minibox 




 Pretty sure this is a referral... 




 Well he keeps being promised a raise but never actually gets it. 




 Wow they sounded like legit gentlemen! 




 well the fact that she thinks her lactose intolerant child can't eat eggs isn't a great confidence boost in her parenting abilities... 




 well duh, soy eggs. obviously 




 It would have taken all my resources
not to laugh  




 QM: Give me a fucking quarter.

Bah, next time immediately call a manager.
Or ask him to leave.  




 my husband has been working for this company for 10 years now. And the new hires are making .25 less per hour than he is. After 10 years of loyalty.

grrr

 




 Well it is kind of the "old people" store... 




 !! I went like 3 years without a period due to pcos. I kept saying I should have bought stock in fucking pregnancy tests. Did you know they have a 6 pack?!!?! 




 bah my manager has been scheduling me two days a week.
16 hours. down from 24. WTF 




 Where is this cannon? LET ME IN THE CANNON! 




 "What?? I don't see where it says that on here! All I see is free!! See right here?? FREE!!"

Lol. 




 haha looks like I have something to look forward to!
 




 ...because no one wants a USED DILDO. 




 oh god I'm so sorry. anti-depressant withdrawals are the worst thing ever 




 We haven't had any ashes yet, thank God. 




 isn't that illegal? we rent storage units and we are NOT allowed to evict/auction off the units of active duty military personnel 




 oh god. after one auction we had a box of baby photos and shoes. and then we saw a death certificate. we were able to get in touch with the owner, thank goodness- I wasn't going to throw out someone's dead child's shoes. 




 I have a lot of self-harm scars. I don't like explaining them. Thankfully most people realize exactly what they are and don't ask. 




 um no, I'm pretty sure people like it when you compliment/ask them about their tattoos. 
























 The fact that he *kept her from a phone* is the most telling. If it was truly "rape play" there would be no need to keep her from a phone. In fact if he took her phone from her it's pretty obvious he knew he was passing the line from rape fantasy into actual rape. 




 he kept her from leaving so there's that 




 This probably wasn't the first time he's done this, he has probably preyed upon women in the past in a similar fashion and will continue to do so until stopped. At least imo 




 most rape victims tend to have a guilt complex. media tends to have a "she was asking for it" by dressing that way, drinking, being alone with men, etc mentality and at some point it's self-internalized. I would strongly recomend counseling for op's friend because most rape victims will suffer from guilt for years, which can lead to depression, acting out, drug abuse, promiscuity, etc. 




 As someone who has had rape fantasies, and someone who has actually been raped, I would just like to add that the fantasy of rape is completely different from actual rape.  This could have easily have happened to me and I feel for your friend.  Obviously she trusted this guy to NOT go overboard and he took advantage of her.  Even in a bdsm type scenario, there would be safewords and someone experienced would be able to tell true distress signals from "oh no please don't (stop)".  There would probably even be check ins from time to time to make sure your friend was ok and that continuing was alright. As someone who was raped, it is sometimes triggered during sex (even vanilla sex) for the strangest of reasons. Yes I like being fucked in the ass and choked but if I start crying or not being all there, I'm not in a great state of mind and a loving partner would realize that and comfort me/stop. This is obviously not a loving partner but a predator who needs to realize what he did was wrong. 




 Um, no if I go meet someone I met online it does not mean they can keep me a prisoner, for three days or for the rest of my life. 




 I am assuming that someone can testify to the fact that she was in fact, missing for three days 




 Yes they were having consentual sex. However, she did NOT consent to being slapped in the face by a cock. I still believe that is something you discuss beforehand. As a person with kinks, I am a big supporter of knowing your partner's limits beforehand. 
Would I get upset over being slapped in the face with a cock? NO
if I had *previously agreed to doing so*. 




 I wish, then I could sit around on my ass all day. 




 I agree, If that's his fetish  and he HAS to have that kind of stuff to get off, and she doesn't agree to participate in it, it's probably better that they both find someone else. Otherwise years down the road he's probably going to resent her 




 It's unreasonable for him to expect you to do that stuff when it is a turn-off to you. 




 awww, what a cutie 




 roflmao grossss 




 but him being *physically abusive* to her is ok?

Everyone has limits. It's smart to find those out ahead of time. 




 next time ask first 




 this is the greatest thing ever 




 aw man does it have pictures? 




 fuck yeah. 




 DAMN, already expired 




 My maternal grandmother died of breast cancer. It was 20 years ago. Thankfully, today it's NOT a death sentence like it was back then.
Anyway just wanted to add, your SO rocks. Keep fighting the good fight! 




 "I wanted to buy the 28 inflatable dinosaur to put in my backyard, reasoning that it would keep the squirrels and birds off of my pool screen,"


You so should have bought it 




 I tend to be upfront about it. If you're into it cool, if not well it's probably not going to work out. lol 




 as a matter of fact I do. I clean up people's shit everyday.  




 I used to be when I was little but as I grew up I decided it was the way I am and I couldn't change and having guilt over it was just making me more depressed. 




 Maybe I'm old school, but whatever happened to old school peaceful protests? 




 And who has to clean up all  that glass? The goddamned workers the protest is supposed to be for/helping.

 




 Yea we have trash cans but apparently that's too much work 




 very sorry but if she's suffering, it's for the best. also she's had a really long life, I hope my cat lives that long  




 As someone who CANNOT have babies this would piss me off to no end 




 ROFL 




 Well there was the time the scumbags left baby diapers all over storage stinking up the whole place. I also had to pick up POOP off the floor. ugh 




 the cherry blossom hair stuff, does it smell awesome?? 




 damn I shoulda got this 




 ALSO it gets to the point where I just want them to rip my ovaries out, baby or no baby, because I can no longer tolerate the constant pain 




 I have pcos and tons of lower back/ovary pain. I had a laparoscopy and they lazered out some of the cysts. I was pain free for about a month before the pain came back. Currently popping pain pills like candy and laying in bed because walking hurts :( 




 why would you expect a CLOTHING store to have a swiffer? wtf? 




 I didn't think they even sold windows 7 anymore? 




 She was more traumatized than I was. I felt so awful :( 




 used to be? 




 I have the same type of fetishes. (Female)
It's nothing to be ashamed of, you just need to find someone who has the same kinks as you and set ground rules
(safewords, safe, sane and consentual) 




 That's not something to be ashamed of, it means you have a heart. 




 We had Sphynxes so we tried to keep them warm in winter.
Of course they would just burrow under blankets in a heat pile anyway 




 We used to make cat sweaters out of old sweatshirt sleeves. Oddly enough they liked them better than the expensive ass cute ones from the pet store 




 We had sphynx cats and we'd give them sweaters in the winter but they still hated them 




 If they are hairless cats, it is to keep them warm.
Otherwise because humans are silly 




 but he's ok I think 




 urinary blockage 




 We finally got one of the upside down two liter bottle $11 water feeders. But they really love the fountain :( 




 normally the cat fountains get gross and slimy and we just throw them out. but at $40 each they are too damn expensive. Why can't they just make them easier to clean? 




 oh god, I'm worried now. What about the food was causing it?
I had a cat with constipation and was worried it was the cheap cat food we were buying 




 without the needle obviously, lol 

 




 oh no, glad he's ok. I had a cat with the opposite problem, she was constipated and couldn't poo. Vet told us to feed her vaseline and it worked like a charm. Trust me you haven't lived until you've tried giving your cat a makeshift enema with a syringe. 




 both 




 hope he's better! 




 jade green nail polish? ooo pretty 




 I didn't want to be the first asshole to say it lol
TY 




 Man you are lucky. My tits are always the first thing to go when I lose weight. 




 For some reason I was imagining it at the reception. 




 haha he's gorgeous, and obviously very spoiled 




 We had a child abuser down the street when I was growing up. The wife and kids would run down the road screaming without shoes on. My mother took them in our house and called the police multiple times. They refused to do anything about it.
It was in rural WV and it was really horrible :( 




 buy a major brand then dumbass lady. 




 Almost 30, still get pimples.
Also customers have no business talking about employees and their physical appearance. 




 Well in my experience sleeping with the fan on dries my sinuses up really bad. I think it makes the air really dry? Like to the point where I need a damn humidifier. 




 meat and guns!!! 




 there's also a 25 lb gummy bear. I want one, now that I know it exists 




 thank god I'm not the only one rationalizing buying it to my SO 




 noooo the sour patch kids are the best.
watermelons are good too 




 ice cream or chocolate 




 I drove an hour each way every day to work. It sucks but it's not impossible. 




  A new manager came in, and first called me a "spic"

Now THAT you can take to HR!!! 




 should have transferred :( 




 I get this all the time. People tell me to smile and cheer up. Um you try working this job and smiling all the time.
Plus when I put on a fake smile I look psycho like I'm about to chop someone to pieces. 




 hadn't heard about that one, thanks! 




 I'm so sorry :( 




 Have you tried anti-depressants? 




 Yea it is too rough for faces. 




 some dude managed to sneak in after we closed today at work. our coworkers left after 5 while we stayed to do the deposit. the assholes unlocked the door and suprise suprise some guy comes strolling in, oblivious to the fact that it's 20 minutes after 5 when we close and the lights are all off. 




 lol that's adorable 




 haha I tried to cancel like a day after I signed up but they said they wouldn't send the free box.
SO cancel AFTER the free box ships lol
I have to wait until may 8 and THEN cancel 




 every time I call julep I get put on hold for like 2 hours 




 Wellll I have a job but on my day off I like to catch up on internet stuff/reddit, make soap, clean house, and wash laundry. 




 I am a former self-mutilator. You don't know HOW many times people just assumed I was sexually molested. I wasn't. I wasn't "repressing" it, it flat out did not happen.
 




 dr drew is a moron 




 NO. NOOOO 




 bah I would have maced the shit out of the guy 




 I get them on my inner thigh/pubic/ass region.
Not fun 




 lucky!! 




 they were offering a free box. I don't know if that offer is still valid.

http://imgur.com/1ikPQeB 




 Because getting out of bed in the morning is hard enough 




 Nooooooooo! 




 Omg you are lucky you weren't all killed.  Please do not leave your kids unsupervised with that man. 




 meh you have to have a combined total of over $7,000 in their bank at all times in order to avoid the monthly fee.  




 it's not the bartender's job to be a babysitter.... 




 "You don't even pay them anything to hold your money"

uh actually I do.
Wells fargo charges me a $13 monthly fee.

They can also eat my asshole. 




 so... what's next, shutting down the bank account of anyone who has ever *rented* a porn? 




 this one's my favorite :) 




 how does the bartender know he was going to go drive drunk? 




 Does it ever leak? I have a diaphragm so I assume it's the same basic concept. I thought the diaphragm might be giving me a yeast infection so I stopped using it. I think it was the spermicide I was using with it that gave me problems though.

haha just a quick edit to say I was washing it every time I used it,
I'm not gross. lol 




 From what I saw it looked really fun and cute. Plus the jewelry looked nice. I also liked that they had handmade bath goods, candles, etc. 




 Nah, I couldn't find it :(
Ended up just emailing them 




 Take the dog to an emergency vet asap 




 Ahh! Good to know. I hate the add on items it seems like everything I want to buy is add on lol 




 is that the one with all the cute necklaces and stuff?
 




 I was wondering specifically about the unbleached tampons. I used to get really bad yeast infections and the organic tampons seemed to help a lot.  I can only find them at whole foods and they're like $12 a box. So paying an extra $8 to not have to make a 10-20 mile trip is worth it to me, not including chocolate and tea, etc.
I will look at amazon for those however. It just seems like everything I need is a damned add-on only item. 
























 It's nice to see Austin hasn't changed much. lol 




 how is someone (sort of) an animal murderer?

seems like the poor boy needs help :( 




 LOL I had chipmunk christmas and some kind of snap crackle pop rice krispies promotional album
both of which I played over and over and over again 




 I like that they never play the same thing twice. 




 it seems to me they just play the same 3 songs over and over.
I heard one song and then changed the station and the exact same song was playing on TWO different stations. :( 




 Thank god I'm not the only fucker cursed to dye since my early teenage years. It's either that or yank them 




 for real West Virginia is my home state but honestly the first thing I'd do if I won the lottery? Move the hell out of West Virginia. 




 haha smooth ;) 




 I was guessing it had something to do with marriage? but honestly have no idea 




 I keep seeing this bumper sticker. It is a white oval with 21+1 on it in black ink. And I know it has some .org website url at the bottom of it but my hubsand drove away too fast for me to see the damn thing. This is the second time I've seen it and I want to know what exactly it means. I tried google but it's bringing up absolutely nothing relevant. Thanks! 




 omg I have always wanted a ragdoll! they are very sweet and tend to "flop" around on their backs which is why the breed got the name 




 dhc cleansing oil is awesome. 




 gah I shaved mine completely off. and drew them back in.
it looked awful. 




 So sorry for that poor little kid :(
It probably broke his/her heart 




 That's devious. I like it. 




 I tried buying some lactose free cat milk from petsmart but my cats turn their noses up at it 




 I am one of those people who feels weird making someone else bag my groceries, I know it's your job but I like to help or do it myself. Of course it's not because I'm in a hurry I just don't like people having to wait on me hand and foot. 




 ugh at what point can you say fuck it, bag it yourself, psycho? 




 Bread and eggs get their own bag and I take that bag in the car with me unlike the rest of the groceries which go in the trunk.  Because otherwise cat litter/food or soda will squish the fuck out of them by rolling around in the back 




 I do when I am having a bad day, am in back pain, etc 




 Why would you buy a plant of something NOT knowing whether or not you like it? 




 Yes, the fax machine is magic and it eats your paper and then spits it out somewhere across the country 




 you want the $1.00 off? buy the $1 off pack.
asshole 




 because customers never lie.  




 oh no they left, now I can leave on time! whatever shall I do 




 if she REALLY NEEDED that cooker than she would have accepted the delivery. 




 I always want to lock them in. Sorry I'm leaving but I have to lock the doors so.... bye 









 safeword 




 I think you rinse cleanser off with it or use it as toner 




 Sorry but it seems like you'll be better off rather than having to find out years down the road

 :( 




 Uh I would say do it slowly and gradually. I have never experienced anything worse than cold turkey effexor withdrawals. 




 could he be hearing things? 




 Gizmo 




 Also while most cats generally LIKE milk, most cats are lactose intolerant. So the milk will probably give him diarhhea.
 




 Leave cat food out regularly. Eventually he will get used to your presence and let you get closer to him. Assuming he is not feral he will start to trust you and eventually let you pet him.  I have had several neighborhood cats decide to "move in" in this fashion.

Just wanted to add this process may take weeks or even months so don't worry if it doesn't happen right away 




 I met mine on livejournal. 




 My husband does stuff around the house. I didn't have a problem cleaning when I was unemployed, but he has always done all the cooking so I  have always cleaned up after dinner and washed dishes. I figured that was fair 50/50. 

But recently I have started working, so since I am cleaning all day at work, I don't really want to clean when I get home, too. So he will usually wash dishes and do cat litter and make the bed on the days I work, and I will do it on my days off as well as catch up on doing any other general house cleaning that needs done (vacuuming, mopping, laundry, cleaning the bathroom)


ALSO just wanted to add that sometimes I have to rewash the dishes since he doesn't always wash the bottom of plates or get all the grease off, etc. so you are not alone. lol

I don't think it's unrealistic to expect men to do their fair share. If they were living alone they would have to do it anyway. Also if  their wife/girlfriend is sick or just had surgery, they should know how to do it.  I just had surgery and couldn't do anything for two weeks. 
If it was up to him he would probably let stuff pile up but I am slightly ocd when it comes to cleaning standards. 




 Damn :( 




 I love dsw. But mostly I'm lazy and buy online 




 So confusing! 




 Congratulations!
You are a dick.
Here's your prize *hands overzealous customer a half-eaten sandwich* 




 lol I will move the sign but somehow manage to not read it 




 I don't get it either. On my day off I am sleeping in. I haven't even had coffee at 7:45. I am still not dressed. And yet these people set their alarms for 5 and are up and ready because SHOE SHOPPING.  




 is there any way you can go on vacation or something for a week or two? 




 hmmm I'm going to guess this would make you shit? 




 no no no 
you are either together 100% and having sex or
you are broken up and not having contact.
he is taking advantage of the free sex imo 




 lukewarm coffee is the worst. 




 oh well in that case I have no idea what went wrong lol 




 the coffee machine is off. the power is off. your coffee will be cold. GO AWAY 




 *I MUST BUY SHOES AT 7:59 AM*

BRAINS 




 Working retail has convinced me that people can't/don't read signs. Park here? Oh ok I'll park way the hell over here where I'm not supposed to.

Wet floor? bathroom out of order? well I'll just move the sign out of the way and go pee anyway. 




 ("Well can I get chocolate? NO!? NOT EVEN CHOCOLATE SHAKES!?!? Well... how about vanilla? WHAAAT!?")


When the shake machine is down that means ALL flavors.

=0
Yes, even strawberry. 









 my mom used to do that all the time. I tried explaining it's bad but she swears by it 




 would a kid drink black coffee? As a full grown adult I still won't drink coffee black 




 Accio espwesso! 




 I so would have fake died 




 oh man I hated the taste of coffee until I was like 16 




 baby bottles full of mountain dew. 
and they wonder why their teeth are fucked up by the time they are 3.... 




 ok well I am an adult and I want to make a wand/get a stuffed owl plush` 




 tbh they look/sound pretty gross so.... yeah 




 I bend over sweeping/mopping all day so I have similar back pain :( 




 doesn't it hurt your back? 




 uh.... 




 does that horse have down syndrome? 




 waffle fries and wedges are not the same!!!
damn you pizza huttttttttt 




 same here. and I *lived* in texas 




 got one of these at big lots.
it was awful.

also. poor, lonely carrot 




 well, that is mildly infuriating 




 like fiberglass? 




 Personally, I love the way it turned out :D

hilarious 




 was it any good? 




 yummy 




 that looks delicious 




 uh, next time spoon the batter into individual cookies 




 I can't stand them.  




 
Also:
people who park in the handicapped spot because they're "just going to be a minute."
 




 what card shufflers or drugstore.com
lol 









 Mama OOOOOOOooooo

And... if/when the check gets returned at least it's your manager's ass on the line now and not yours 




 I swear to god sometimes I conceal my undereyes and it just makes them look *worse*! 




 weather= decent

traffic= sucks

 




 insert racist comment here.
no seriously I couldn't park at the gas station because two different people were parked diagonally, taking up two spots. 




 the squirrels on my campus would do this too, I guess the students gave them snacks. 




 omg she looks so much older! better start chasing boys off with baseball bats 




 let him in! 




 concealing  




 well next time tell them they can buy them on drugstore.com, for some unexplainable reason.... 




 card shuffler? I can't imagine that's a big seller 




 couldn't they just... rip the spanx? I don't understand this, at all 




 uh..... what?
 




 I do it but I tie all the handles into knots so the groceries don't escape the bags in my trunk 




 lol audiobooks + deaf people = ???? 




 Then it sounds like you are already trying to compromise. You are willing to do some things to make him happy but crossing the line at what would make you feel violated. That is perfectly ok.  




 I straight up told my ex-boyfriend that bdsm was important to me. If he wanted to try it, good. If not, well I will probably end up leaving you for someone who will.

It was heartless for me to say but I was being 100% honest.
I did end up leaving him for someone else, but it was years down the road.  

In my mind, sex isn't the most important thing in a relationship, but it is important.  Not only was the sex bad but we had other problems as well. So it would be simplistic to say that I left him because of sex and the lack of kink.  But he could have at least had enough consideration to try.

It's not like I wanted to tie him up and use a strap on with him, but a little role playing isn't too much to ask, right? lol 




  As far as the kidnapping though, the state would have to prove he kept her against her will and I doubt they would throw resources into a scenario like this.

 




 *HUGS* I guess I have to keep in mind that not all people have the same experiences. Everyone has their own valid way of reacting. 




 The best approach would be getting involved in the local bdsm community. Usually they have munches and you can get to know everyone.  They usually don't let just anyone in off the street and have known each other for years, making sure shit like this doesn't happen on their watch. 




 Your mentality disgusts me. What if this was your daughter? Wife? Mother?  Yes, meeting strangers off the internet can be dangerous. I'm sure she has "learned her lesson". 

If the rapist truly knew what the fuck he was doing he would have made her sign a contract. While she may have agreed to having sex involving rape play, she did not consent to being held prisoner for three days. She did not consent to being anally raped. BOTH people were not going about this the correct way. A detailed discussion of hard limits should have been conducted beforehand and a safeword so that when he crossed the line she would at least have the opportunity to signal her distress. Whether that would have stopped him or not. 




 At the very least, jail time or not, this guy needs to be labelled as a sexual offender 




 It may take years to fully process. When I was raped I believed for years that I deserved it.  Of course years later it was interfering with my having a healthy sex life as I would have flash-backs in the middle of sex and freeze up, start crying, etc.  Whether you feel guilty or not, it's still going to be a psychological trauma. 




 YES. When meeting someone online you need to have a friend who you call to check in with who can then call the police if you do not keep in touch with. Obviously since this was a rape scenario they couldn't meet in a public place but for anyone who may be reading please get to know the person in person beforehand and make sure they are not going to abuse your trust. 




 Please get her to a counselor as well. This is a trauma and may take years or even decades to stop hurting her psyche. 
























 Shouldn't it be a spray? I don't care I am buying some for my husband ASAP 




 Has she had her thyroid checked? Could she have PCOS? Is she on anti-depressants or other medications? All of these could contribute to depression and/or weight gain 




 oh man this is me like every morning :(
 




 wait that's a real thing? 




 rainbow honey mystery box is amazing!!!! 




 looks like a tiny liver, or heart. 




 I did the donut one. It was fun.  




 We have three cats. They STILL sleep all fucking day.
Cats are just lazy imo 




 so a pretty average cat day, caught on film lol 




 Everyone knows downward facing dog is an invite to stop and pet the kitty 




 Most customers get lost *trying to get inside the building*. I thought maybe making a sign "entrance this way" would help then I realized no one would stop to read the damned thing 




 Oh no! 




 Vinegar and baking soda are great for cleaning ovens, drains, pretty much anything but your face 




 We got a new wifi access point installed. Nope iphones still stop working halfway through the building.  Then we get yelled at for not using them....   But they don't work!!! 




 Instructions, and reading, are hard. 




 Assuming they can read....  Our customers certainly can't 




 I tried it but I think it only works when combined with laser hair removal, which I cannot afford  




 Nah in the us it wouldn't be covered.   :-( 




 It's like I'm pregnant. Or a zombie.  A cake zombie 




 a turd? 




 I'm waiting for my shark week to end. Yesterday I thought it stopped but SURPRISE it started back up at work and I had to wash my undies in the bathroom sink. YAY 




 oh damn, now I want a donut. 




 I have PCOS and dark chin hairs which I have to shave daily. My mother has to do the same thing.  I used to pluck them but then my hormones got really messed up and now I have to shave in addition to taking birth control and spironolactone since I have an excess of testosterone.

I bought a tria laser system and it doesn't appear to be doing anything since I still have to shave daily.  




 oh man that has to be a terrible way to go 




 I also rent out moving trucks but mostly cleaning up other people's shit/garbage *quite literally* 




 I clean out storage units. Generally people leave a bunch of broken furniture and garbage and we're supposed to CHARGE THEM a cleaning/dumpster fee, but my idiot co-workers usually move them out of the rooms without actually checking to see if there are NINE mattresses in there (yes this actually happened) and I am a girl so I managed to get like 5 mattresses out by myself before I threw out my back and had to get two of the guys to get the rest of them. 




 figure out how to use your damned debit/credit cards 




 yes they are truly digging to the bottom of the barrel 




 well obviously rabid albino squirrels. 




 then again the whole kissing thing was creepier and giving off an incest kind of vibe  




 I thought he saw her as a daughter figure. He said in another world she would be his daughter.  




 lol that sounds pretty hot to me too. 




 I am so sorry. 
Then again it seems like it's not much of a loss, considering... 




 That's incredibly fucked up. I am sorry :( 




 ok well at six flags the tickets are like 60 bucks each. so if that was the case I hope they'd break a hundred 




 are those the ones with the shave bars? I hate those, the bar falls off and I always scrape my leg with the plastic flaps. 




 rent a uhaul 




 same 




 A lap dance 




 I heart this thread so much 




 My husband is going to get killed while he sleeps tonight.  Give me the fucking sweater 




 Awww I'm so glad they got to stay together  :-) 




 I too immediately thought of them 




 False advertising!!! Grrrr 




 I did all kinds of crazy stuff on ambien, ended up in the er  :O 




 Omg this is so accurate  




 I feel you. No matter what I can never lose the last 10 lbs from my goal weight  :-( 




 Oh man I would be pissed if I got a diet box.  The nail polish is nice though. 




 My mom sleep eats but she doesn't actually cook. 




 Where was it? 




 I call bs, she just didn't want to have to wash the sheets. 




 Ambien.  Tried to flush an entire roll of tp, apparently 




 Lol this guy shoved a glass jar up his ass, it broke and then he pulled the glass shards out. 




 Yea you don't mix breathplay and gags with drugs. 




 The black dahlia 




 Yea I made two orders and fucked up and ended up paying s h twice, it sucks 




 I did and it was a really bad idea. He had some kind of weird relationship with his mom. I eventually left his ass 




 If he is hitting the children or threatening suicide that is another big reason to leave so they don't have to grow up like that 




 "Our" entire vacation consisted of me going to bed alone and sick with you and your half sister cuddling and holding hands on the couch, every.single.night. I was invisible. You sat by her, laid her head in your lap. When we went out you put your arm around her shoulders.


Ok, that is NOT normal. get the hell out of there! 




 she only dates/marries douchebags 




 both 




 what how did I not know about these? I just made two orders! 




 I end up buying a lot of stuff from birchbox and sephora because of free samples!

fragrances:
tocca cleopatra


eau des minimes by Le Couvent Des Minimes


skin   co truffle serum

juara candlenut body cream

other skincare stuff from birchbox I forget!
moisturizers and cleansers






not purchased yet but I want to buy the full size when I use up the sample:

juara rice facial cleanser

eyeko black magic mascara

alterna caviar cc cream for hair

Phyto Phytobaume Volume Express Conditioner 

Stila CC Color Correcting Cream Broad Spectrum SPF 20 in Medium

 




 that's crazy, can't they just change the name? 




 Graduate 




 my cat is doing this right now. I wonder what he sees... 




 Scranton.   




 Rape, depression. West Virginia 




 How to make meth 




 Potholes and corruption. 




 04 jetta. Have to open the glovebox to get to my cupholders.... 




 Saw a lot in texas 




 Snuggies. And jeggings. 




 They look burnt. 




 Yes he has nothing better to do than share every stupid thing he sees all day 




 I usually wait to poo until I can use a private bathroom 




 People watching 




 Drink my own piss island 




 Turn around and walk in the opposite direction 




 call the police, they threatened to hurt your dog. 




 lesbian bdsm 




 I love the all in one face base


http://www.makeupalley.com/product/showreview.asp/ItemId=17272/All-in-one-face-base/The-Body-Shop/Foundations 




 do a bunch of heroin or something 




 I quit smoking for like 6 months due to ecigs. Of course I started smoking again when I got a job with a lot of smokers  




 so instead of helping it just made things worse? 




 I think the smoke is from when they are cauterizing tissue. 




 http://www.amazon.com/NatureBright-SunTouch-Plus-Light-Therapy/dp/B000W8Y7FY/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1399498473 sr=8-1 keywords=therapy+light

This one's 70 bucks.

 




 sorry, next time I will wake up mid surgery and demand they start filming it 




 this is the cutest thing I've ever seen 




 I do as well. Vitamins and my uv light help. 




 I have seasonal affective disorder, it's very bleak in winter and I get horribly depressed. It's finally spring so I have been sunning myself in moderation with adequate sunscreen on. In the winter months I have a UV light that helps, especially when it's dark out when I go to work and dark when I come back home, sometimes it feels like I never see the sun. I live in Pennsylvania but ideally would prefer to live in Florida or the southwest where it is usually 60 degrees year round. 




 Also I would have to go outside to use the ecig anyway because our district manager made it clear we were NOT allowed to vape in the store so it was just easier to go bum a cigarette.  There are many cities making it illegal so you're damned if you do and damned if you don't. 




 I tried e-cigs for 6 months. I quit smoking and it was awesome but then I got a job and didn't have time to sit around waiting for batteries to charge and everyone at work smoked so I went back to smoking, for almost a year now.
 




 Did he have surgery? Poor fella. 




 Just wanted to add I had a bunch of tiny fibroids, not one large cyst removed. Not nearly as satisfying, they just lasered them out. 




 I didn't get to keep the picture but it's pretty cool to see your insides.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H1qETlJw2n0 




 has it always been there? I had one of these when I was little, my mom called it a strawberry? It's a birthmark but it ended up going away 




 I have this too. it's sebum and the hair root 




 how the hell have I never seen/heard of this???? 




 I just kind of towel dry the floor afterwards. 




 But how do you know how much the person behind you is going to order? I don't get the logistics of this lol 




 I have a pair like that and they make me feel like I'm constantly going to break one or both ankles :( 




 Only if it's sweet sun tea. 




 Born in West Virginia. Escaped ASAP. 
























