 Children of the Corn.

Actually pretty good, until everything got so super natural. 




 Moist. 




 Paths of Glory by Stanley Kubrick

Definitely one of his best films. 




 Their is no time in a black hole. 
























 It has always flabbergasted how people could be rude to waiters/waitresses...They have complete control over your food and you're first instinct is to be an asshole.

Good luck with that. 




 Heath Ledger.
It seemed like his career was really about to take off. 




 After 5 years of having braces I'm still waiting for someone to say "Nice teeth". 




 Great movie! 
The soundtrack really does it for me. 
























 Fry.
 




 Swing Away. 




 Moody's Point from the Amanda Show. 




 At least you will die rich.....
 
























 Anything captured on camera that makes your head turn 




 Blockbuster.......watching a movie online is nothing compared to the great feeling of seeing one last copy of that new release.

Plus is was down the street from my house, so there's that. 




 Zim 




 Whenever I'm at a friend's house that is near train tracks I fear that the train will derail and come straight through the house and kill everybody. 
























 It seems like every scene is actually set in late 1700's Vienna. The streets, the opera house, the royal palace, the costumes, the symphonies, and even what I would imagine a 18th century insane asylum to look like.

Love Murray and Hulce in it as well.
9.5/10 




 Any TV show, book, or movie you can think of.
 




 Hope....the thought that one day, life will be better. 




 A laptop with a built in printer. 
























 That's not weird, just convenient.  




 Need to not feel alone in being and acting weird. 




 What are they doing in the scene? I can't seem to find it. 





























 That spot is apparently really popular now, thanks to the movie. 




 I don't think I have ever watched a chiller movie. The dry humor of the narrator fits perfectly. You get to experience other cultures and locations around the world. I just think the movie should be studied as how to make something laid back. The music, the people, the story, The Endless Summer. 

Enough Said. Just go watch it and wind down. 




 It's gonna be a good Tuesday. 




 All I see is hate and anger towards the dialogue,but there must be some light for these films.

 
























 Lawrence of Arabia number 118?

How can you look me in the eyes and honestly say that Hot Fuzz is more favored then Lawrence of FUCKING Arabia 









 A Clockwork Orange (1971), Stanley Kubrick 




 A clockwork orange has three very different acts and I think they all work pretty well in the grand scheme of the film. 
























