 There are people without homes, meals, health care, clean water. I'm all for helping animals, too, but the resources and expense of giving a fish a fake eye? Lord.  




 He could be a good veep choice. I just can't see Bush, Romney, and Christie all running, though. Maybe two, but not three. Bush is going to suck the fundraising away from those other two. And this may keep others, like Scott Walker, out of it, though they could bootstrap for awhile.  




 The Bush-style country club Republican has been on the run these past few years. By the looks of the people Jeb is hiring, he'd bring them back. Whatever innovative mindset he's claimed on education, immigration, etc., the Karl Rove sect is firmly in control of this campaign.  




 If there were ever an athlete who should keep quiet and let his actions speak for him, CS is the one. Instead, he makes things worse whenever he opens his mouth.  




 Because s/he's a Dodger fan. Why would he want SF to win another? :) 




 BitUSD and the other BitShares assets combine crypto with market-pegged stability. NuBots is another one worth considering.  




 Bytemaster's blog on this should be required reading. Very informative.  




 You know, he could be a good pickup for the Giants. A little more insurance for that starting rotation. Can Bills play LF? 




 Terrific. All college could be free with some strings attached. I look forward to seeing the proposal.  




 Wow! Gorgeous image.  




 These lists are tough, since we all have our own opinions and few of us every had a chance to watch the historical greats from different eras, such as Babe Ruth. Those are all HOF-caliber players, for sure, and it's a solid list. Interesting that they only chose 23 pitchers (that's my rough count)--far more position players. Rickey Henderson would make my Top 10. Best player I ever saw.  




 He must be a certified Nejcbeard. Hopefully, they get things worked out.  




 Good for them. This may create a mess initially, but it is in everyone's long term best interest for create a more decentralized grid.  




 Just ask Stephen Drew.  




 I read the article. Her actual promise was to dismantle it 'from the inside out'. I thought the title was a little inaccurate, but only indirectly so.  




 The Economist gets it. That's a good news source. Too bad they have a paywall. If we find the full article, let's post it here.  




 These look great. They need to go back to brown. So many teams gave up on their traditional colors and went with some version of blue in previous years.  




 As I understand BitShares, it is more practical than conceptual.  




 Fair point. The swing states were harder to predict. 




 I just thought it was a good place to drop that metaphor, whether you interpret it literally or sarcastically. :)  




 Bugs are meat. But I'd rather eat beans! 




 I'm open to this, but also consider use of resources: making the pots, bringing in water, soil or medium, fertilizer, and light. It has to be efficient.  




 If you can't beat 'em, join 'em. 




 That's interesting and I like it. But in tracking only one election (if I understand correctly), that vastly discounts the fact that one of the candidates could have been a better public speaker, more charismatic, or with speeches written to hit certain popular lines. And meanwhile, the opposing candidate might be better at raising money and running TV ads, so could in the end be just as competitive. With only one campaign, there was a 50% chance of this outcome, which makes for a questionable correlation.  




 I think there's a subset of white Democrats in Appalachia and the south who might be attracted to a guy like this. But yes, if they're less tolerant of those elements in the first place, then they're probably not Democrats anymore.

What I don't quite get is that Webb didn't want to stay in the Senate, he didn't want to be governor, and he withdrew himself from veep consideration. But he wants to be president?   




 I really like the fact that Warren is proactive with these things, whether or not one always agrees with her.  




 I have a lot of respect for what Roger Ver did, based on his principles. But crying about not being able to get back in? If I were the U.S. government, why exactly would I give a crud? You basically said you didn't need the U.S., and now suddenly you do? 




 Does not inspire confidence in centralized exchanges. "Ground up" will take time. By then, the market will have moved on.  




 Cool. With a name like Cliff Mass, I'd say your expert was destined for a career in earth sciences.  




 This is a very thoughtful and well-researched piece.  









 They said it would have more value if broken up.  




 Sorry for your loss and hope you get it back. We definitely need to start thinking of technologies that bypass these online exchanges.  




 It's happened to all of us. "Your mess of crackers" -- "Your meth and crack whores"... See how bad it can be!
 









 Nice job; it's not always easy with the clouds. I love the colors of those waters with the glacial moraine. Beautiful image. 




 I'll play! 









 Definitely destined for the AL if they can move him.  









 I think the Giants are taking a year off. Most likely to come out of the blue with last-minute money to sign a big (and probably over-priced) free agent:  Yankees, Angels, Tigers...any others? I might add White Sox and Dodgers, but both of them may be done for now and/or pretending to take a more budget-minded approach.  




 Should there be a period of time after which non-use invalidates the patent? 
























 James Shields? Or maybe Cole Hamels? 




 The guy's got some sick stuff, that's for sure. 









 Yes, but they're the only ones who can really do anything about this problem.  




 I'm amazed at how many minor league chances he's gotten. D was a great pitcher once, but.... 




 Ruben Amaro should have cleaned house a year or two earlier when those older guys still had real value. Then again, he might have had an owner who told him not to sell. Their loss. I hear their farm system ain't great either, so hopefully Phils fans enjoyed their run...it's gonna be awhile before they're back again.  




 The Dems would be smart to go with Rendell or someone new. Sestak is a re-tread; maybe he deserved better and could beat Toomey this time, but I'd go another direction there. 

PPP's polls lean to the left. Whenever I see one, I always mentally add a few points for the GOP candidate. They're more accurate that way.  




 They won't allow transactions with ghosts. 




 One of the BitShares assets would be good. Or Nubots if their bots are turned on.  









 Intolerance and religion seem to have a close relationship much of the time.  









 Gorgeous. According to landscape artist Francis McComas, Point Lobos features the "greatest meeting of land and water in the world".  




 I was hoping everyone would tell Boras to stuff it. This just encourages him to continue his ways. Apparently, they work.  




 I'm not convinced it's a winner. Why have the Democrats, who naturally hold that constituency, turned away from the politics of poverty? They've become the party of the middle class and modern working people. The poor have nowhere else to go unless they're right-wing Christians or choose not to vote. I just don't see these country club Republicans as having a whole lot of appeal to those groups. 




 And he pumps his own gas.  




 I bet JF could still pinch hit in the majors. That guy was always in terrific shape, physically and mentally. I'm a little surprised he hasn't hurt some part of his body, though, with that funky stance he uses.  




 Beautiful! I went there in 1998. Didn't see a tourist all day.  




 Ah yes, the poster child for poverty in America: Willard M. Romney.  




 I'm half joking, but I do recall reading somewhere that he owned the Oklahoma team that affiliated with the Dodgers, where did set off a game of musical chairs, though I'm sure it wasn't the only factor by any means.  




 It's all Magic Johnson's fault. He owned part of a minor league team that affiliated with another team and they moved it to the Dodgers. That set off a ripple effect and the dominoes fell all over baseball.   




 I never thought he'd show up there at this point. 




 Rick Perry couldn't name all three branches of government.  




 That "push" and "pull" description is right on target for Windows 8. 














 And the last Padre time actually PLAYED in an All Star Game was four years ago.  




 Terrific! 









 Has anybody noticed the Senate is in GOP hands now? Confirming liberals is tough or well nigh impossible. Obama's throwing forward some people he thanks have a chance.  




 Is NuBits backed by collateral?  









 Whenever a president takes international actions (of almost any sort), he is criticized. This group of Republicans couldn't even find Paris on a map. An astonishing number of House GOPers do not even have passports.  




 He's definitely biased. But he documented this pretty well, I thought, using NXT's own block explorer. As someone who has held NXT myself, I'm truly interested in knowing whether it is a decentralized currency. 




 I don't think that tampering with the First Amendment is the way to go. If we had publicly funded elections (or crowd-funded ones), and the voters actually held all candidates/campaigns to the expectation they would honor this, then there would be a public consensus to shame anyone who spent more outside of this system.  









 Is that why they get scared into voting for people like Ted Cruz? 




 Foxes guarding the henhouse. I feel very sorry for Texans that they're stuck with this guy...and so are the rest of us. 




 Impressive array.  




 Unconscionable. 









 Yeah, I get it. Just having fun with this! 
























 Are you kidding? Anyone can spend BitUSD now without an account. Very cool! 




 Breaking news! Terrorists are using U.S. dollars! Ban the Fed! 




 Thank you. This is terrific news. We have another thread on it here:

http://www.reddit.com/r/BitShares/comments/2u6j5v/bitusd_and_bitshares_bts_added_to_shapeshift_buy/
 




 Could be a possible veep for Jeb? 




 Well, you could hold it on Cryptsy for a little longer, but keeping money on exchanges is always a questionable choice. I'd recommend downloading the wallet/client. It's in development, so still a bit buggy, but I think you'll be impressed with what you can do in there.  




 Wonderful! Looking forward to this.  




 Too bad. But she shouldn't have said that unless she has evidence and is prepared to act.  




 I love the spirit of action there! We should all be doing the same.  




 Wow, that might be the best one yet.  




 There is a new website debuting soon. And we are weeks, perhaps a bit longer, from getting a stable 1.0 client. With all the stuff in the works, I think you'll be happy you got in!

Please join us at the forum and delve deeper:

https://bitsharestalk.org/index.php


 




 Probably true. One must be pretty extreme to win GOP primaries. It's also become a regional party for the most part; those NE Republicans are considered too liberal. 




 He needs Jeb, Mitt, or Christie not to run. Then another to have a misstep or somehow they cancel each other out. At that point, people would take a serious look at a Walker candidacy. Or he could be a VP. 

I wish he'd retire to Waukesha or wherever he's from.  









 When I wake up in the morning, I definitely see the world differently than Scott Walker does.  




 I said that to give him the benefit of the doubt. Some people don't like talking publicly and that's fine. As for the rest of it, he's the only one to blame for making an issue of this.  









 Truly beautiful. I love the granite boulders.  




 No kidding. I'd do the southern leg first and get that out of the way before it really starts to roast.  




 In that case, the appreciation aspect is pretty much a coin toss. I'd look for coins that have strong communities, since in the end, that's the best route to adoption.  




 You probably should look into the 2.0's then. I try not to be a BitShares shill, but if appreciation and potential are what you want, then a simple coin is nothing compared with putting businesses   banking on the blockchain. Look into NXT and Ethereum also.  




 Unfortunate. But I can't help wondering why some geniuses voluntarily remove their DNA from the human genetic pool.  




 Such a wonderful, articulate role model for our nation's youth. I understand the part about being an introvert, and he shouldn't really have to do these press conferences all the time, but...his business is entertainment and this is his brand. Rather than proving that he's an ass who cares mostly about himself, he could have used all that fine money for charity or something.  




 Most of them are money losers, but it is fun for awhile. I finally had enough of it and moved everything into one, but as long as you don't mind losing a few bucks here and there, then you might also get fortunate and ride the occasional lucky bounce.  




 You could do it for gift cards or something, but if this was for the currency in general, I don't think it would catch on. Savers are a big segment of any market and that fact provides a great deal of the currency's value.  




 Presidents often take credit for the portions of an economic cycle they bite off with their terms of office. But Obama has done many things to improve the economy; I'll grant you that. 




 Wait, I thought Republicans control the CBO now. 




 Didn't last long, did it?  




 Fine, but it's his own PR service for press releases; don't call it news. 




 "Major announcement". He's coming out?

Just kidding. 




 Naw, just a bit underwhelmed.  




 "We literally hate you".

http://www.sfgate.com/entertainment/article/Punk-band-tells-Gov-Walker-We-literally-hate-6040575.php
 




 The whole Western United States was 'fucking enormous' once also. There were an unlimited number of trees. Just like now, when we pollute the ocean, there's an unlimited amount of water to soak it all up. 

I understand where you're coming from. The Alaskan viewpoint is important. But it's a very finite ecosystem and it can be wrecked just as easily as others have been wrecked. We don't need to preserve it all, but we need to be very careful to leave as much as possible unspoiled.  




 It's a great addition, but...to the moon? On this news? I think that was oversold in the promo.  




 If hitters in the minors really spent time learning to bunt, it would change the game. Not easy with today's pitching, but also with today's pitching, an extra hit or two can have a real impact on games   batting averages. 









 Theoretically, couldn't he designate the entire thing a National Monument using his executive authority, bypassing Congress completely? Not sure, but I think that would create a stronger protection than what ANWR has now.  









 Where's Johnny Appleseed when we need him? 




 If the dude can still hit, I predict they'll mend fences in a hurry and he'll have every opportunity to crack the starting lineup. Probably a DH at this point, though.  




 He looks different. 




 Underwhelming. 




 Didn't anyone bring this up in her Senate campaign? We're stuck with her for six years. 





























 Good one, Tuck! 









 Beautiful shot, beautiful place.  




 In fact, I think BitShares has been running a concept called "Get hired by the blockchain". Developers and even marketing folks can make an income directly once they offer their services to the community.  




 These are very exciting projects.  




 Doesn't Detroit need a DH until Victor Martinez gets back? 




 Proof of stake...works anywhere! 




 You mean the Kenyan terrorist?

Gallup's still pissed at him because they blew the General Election turnout models so badly in both Obama elections. 




 Really? Didn't PPP have Walker with 25 in NH earlier this week? It's just noise at this point.  




 A subsidized pool? Is this supposed to be a more profitable choice for miners?  














 I'm glad they are a loving family. Pardon me while I gag. 




 If a third party rises and takes over part of the agenda and vote share, then we will retreat again into a two-party system. It just won't be the same two original parties. Look back at American history; somehow, the country just sets up well for having two strong parties. There are many theories as to why.  




 That's big indictment of Stellar in this article:

"This is clearly the end of the line for Stellar. I mean, theyre not admitting that, but I mean, my God, you might as well be running a currency on an Excel spreadsheet. Stellar is now counterparty to a currency. And its a very weak counterparty. If Stellar Development Corp goes out of business, holders have nothing. Compare that to ripple or Bitcoinif there was no Ripple Labs, ripple the currency would still exist, just like Bitcoin. The new proposed Stellar protocol defeats the whole purpose of distributing protocol and theyve had to stop that because their consensus was broken. Theyre trying to pin this on Ripple but from where I sit, Ripple has never been more stable. Theyve never been doing more transactions and have something like 90 people on the team. I suspect Jed probably broke something about a month ago, but make no mistakethis is a catastrophe for them. This idea that Jed is gonna invent a new consensus system in a couple of months and their phony 4 million accounts will just sit there and wait 

At its core, Stellar is no longer a cryptocurrency. Its a token form counterparty, and what is the risk of that counterparty? They dont disclose how much money they make. I mean thats why the SEC exists, right? So not only can you not rely on transactions of any kind going through because, as the sole validator, Stellar is the entire arbitrator of that, youre holding assets that used to be a digital asset that is now a digital liability. Thats a fundamental change, especially ironic coming from Jed, the purist libertarian. Now he runs a sort of unregistered central issuer of liability. Its really stunning. 




 That's big indictment of Stellar in this article:

"This is clearly the end of the line for Stellar. I mean, theyre not admitting that, but I mean, my God, you might as well be running a currency on an Excel spreadsheet. Stellar is now counterparty to a currency. And its a very weak counterparty. If Stellar Development Corp goes out of business, holders have nothing. Compare that to ripple or Bitcoinif there was no Ripple Labs, ripple the currency would still exist, just like Bitcoin. The new proposed Stellar protocol defeats the whole purpose of distributing protocol and theyve had to stop that because their consensus was broken. Theyre trying to pin this on Ripple but from where I sit, Ripple has never been more stable. Theyve never been doing more transactions and have something like 90 people on the team. I suspect Jed probably broke something about a month ago, but make no mistakethis is a catastrophe for them. This idea that Jed is gonna invent a new consensus system in a couple of months and their phony 4 million accounts will just sit there and wait 

At its core, Stellar is no longer a cryptocurrency. Its a token form counterparty, and what is the risk of that counterparty? They dont disclose how much money they make. I mean thats why the SEC exists, right? So not only can you not rely on transactions of any kind going through because, as the sole validator, Stellar is the entire arbitrator of that, youre holding assets that used to be a digital asset that is now a digital liability. Thats a fundamental change, especially ironic coming from Jed, the purist libertarian. Now he runs a sort of unregistered central issuer of liability. Its really stunning. 




 Yowza! Good article.  




 Is Barry Bonds available to DH? 




 Wow, that's great news.  




 Wait, is that the Dixville Notch vote? Did all 50 of them vote already?
Just kidding. Thought Christie would be higher, but the rest don't surprise me. NH has become a less useful predictor since the GOP has turned into a mostly southern party.  




 He's probably worth more at the trade deadline, given that there will be additional suitors then.  









 "If they lifted the blackout rules, I would definitely get MLB TV."

Me too! 




 Can we just have the election now? 




 It is getting pretty old to see this same picture on something like 1/10th of all /r/Bitcoin postings (slight exaggeration, but not by much).  




 Your feelings are understandable, then. I took you for just another expat complainer, but you have good reasons and experiences to back it up. Good luck to you. I hope things turn out well.  




 From the thumbnail image, I thought it was a ship! 




 You asked about BitShares. This allows you to send money to anyone, at any time, anywhere in the world, instantly, for (present cost) 3 cents per transaction. The "money" is cryptocurrency and, if you wish, you can keep it in one of the market-pegged BitAssets they have available such as BitUSD or BitGOLD. Holding these yields a small rate of interest, by the way. Plus, with TITAN, you can send BitShares currency or BitAssets using just a name/nickname (e.g. "Bytemaster") rather than an account number. Traceability is a bitch, though every transaction is part of the public ledger. In this way, it is like Bitcoin, not entirely dark, except that BitShares is faster and solves Bitcoin's volatility issues. 

So if your idea of Dark is 'ink-black' dark, then BitShares isn't for you. But it does have some advantageous features for those who want to stay off the proverbial grid and stick it to the government using a decentralized approach that was carefully designed to be legally compliant. And I think that's right in line with what Maidsafe could also bring, if they ever are able to make the Maidsafe technology work. The author of the article cited in the original post is a big fan of both.  




 If you get strung up on a BS charge in that foreign country, your first call will be to that U.S. embassy. And suddenly, they'll be your best friend. If you don't think so, why do you still have your passport? 

By the way, I'm not trying to be a jerk. I've actually been in your shoes before myself. And as the years passed, I realized I was glad I kept my U.S. citizenship.  




 Bitcoin's volatility issues have been solved, once and for all! 




 Really wonderful site! 




 Which tells you all you need to know about the GOP Iowa caucuses. 




 EXACTLY! Thank you. The going rate for these expensive elite pitchers is ridiculous, considering they only start around 30 games. Give me someone who can play the better part of 161 and potentially affect the score every time he's out there. Even on a bad day, he makes the lineup around him a whole lot better.  




 Maybe he should leave his party then. Complaining and saying 'no' is about all they know how to do.  




 Wow. That's an unbelievable margin. Uncle Joe, there will always be a City Council seat for you back home in Delaware.  




 That all may be true. I was surprised Colletti lasted that long. But I don't think anyone in baseball has seen a roster quite like the Oakland A's had last year. The depth and versatility of those players at multiple positions was a step beyond the typical Moneyball team, which everyone else has caught onto. Both Beane and Forst have publicly credited Zaidi with a lot of their innovations in recent years. Now maybe he doesn't need to go to those extremes with a larger payroll (Zaidi has a healthy respect for traditional scouting also). We will see.  




 There are a lot of very intelligent people who are libertarians. The main focus of their intelligence often is on other areas (e.g. engineering or tech) so IQ does not necessarily translate into smarter political decisions. 

I'm not saying libertarians are bad, just that this doesn't make them more correct than anyone else.  




 I don't know, but Colleti was more old school than this crowd. Wasn't the platoon thing Zaidi's biggest contribution in Oakland? With Friedman and Zaidi, I think the ownership sent a strong signal they want to win with those technical tools. I'm not sure the roster really reflects that kind of team, but I would expect there might be a stronger inclination towards using technical advantages at some of the positions.  




 You won't sell many unless it's a closely related topic. Just sell on Amazon and trade your currency for Bitcoin.  




 Mattingly's going to have his hands full again. Especially with all the switches he'll need to satisfy his new Moneyball/platoon/shifting bosses. 







































 Poor guy. I hope he can kick it again. His playing career may be just about over, though.  




 They won't be missed. In fact, I don't miss mining.  




 I've used Havelock in the past, back in the Neo   Bee days. They seem honest and pretty good about communicating. That said, I wouldn't risk a huge amount there or on any of their offerings--only what you can afford to lose.  




 You tell 'em, Jeff! 




 That's going to be a truly awful team this year, no matter what the players call themselves.  









 He played in the NL for Arizona, don't forget. He hit .226 the year before he went to Detroit.  




 That's a great shot. 




 How much would you have to give in order for Sovereign Prince Hans to find it worth redeeming? 









 For some of us, it does. But when 99.99% of everything we need is denominated in fiat, we still care whether Bitcoin is worth $1 or $1000.  




 Somebody must have made a political donation.  




 Traders have to measure its weight in something, otherwise it has no value. They could use gold or some other fiat. Maybe someday, these all will be priced in crypto.  




 Get a new owner.  




 Ha ha. You might be right, but HRC already has a national constituency and she's trouncing these guys in the early polls. She WILL suck up the money if she runs, so it will be interesting to see if she's as moderate as her husband was or if she runs to the left. Primary voters are definitely more extreme in both parties, but I'd argue that this situation is more severe in the GOP.  




 He's a lefty. If he can throw strikes and keep people guessing on the location, he doesn't need much velocity.  




 The right GOP candidate in the general election is not the same GOP candidate who can win GOP primaries. One must be moderate, the other extreme (and borderline insane). 

If Jeb Bush can suck up enough of the money early on, he could just say 'screw it' and run towards the middle right away. See what happens. I don't see them beating HRC with that far-right platform.  




 Hold. The client and wallets should be done in the next few weeks. 









 He's a lefty, so if he can throw strikes, he'll probably have a job. 




 You need to be 'interesting' to fit in with that front office in Colorado.  




 I wonder if we'll ever see that joint position again.  




 My bet would be Colorado. They really seemed to like him.  




 I guess it's time for a decentralized exchange.  









 Funny how you have the Cubs leading the Cards.  




 Searching...while playing a few rounds of golf.  




 The mom must be one angry bird.  




 Hasn't even started yet. This is just noise, people paying taxes, etc. The 1.0 client and light wallet are close.  




 Torii Hunter will be jumping up the CF wall from his walker this year.  









 So Bitcoin's volatility problems can be solved by hedging with BitUSD. Wallet on the way. Very cool! 




 It does look pretty nasty. Being publicly traded, it is subject to some SEC regulation, and so they won't necessarily get away with the Wild West antics we've seen in the cryptosphere. But that also means they need to be more careful. There are ways to pump that are legal, but plenty of penny stocks have had government problems for playing fast and loose.  




 Yes, BitUSD can handle volumes. It's designed just for this. The 1.0 client is coming out very soon, so you'll probably be hearing a  lot more soon about how it can help someone with Bitcoin to avoid any volatility issues.  




 The volatility issue is overblown. With BitPay or Coinbase, etc., one can cash out every day into fiat. Better yet, as you've indicated, there are other cryptos and services that allow someone to hedge the price without going back into actual fiat. 









 Good post and I agree with you, except that it's rather disappointing. If I read something called "Why you should support the Olympics baseball bid", then I want a link to a petition or I want you to tell me HOW I can help this cause. I agree with you I'd like it to happen. But in your last paragraph, the best you can suggest seems to be "Let's all hope"... Great. I'm hoping. There isn't anything more we can do? Write somebody a letter? Tweet it? Etc. I want a clear call to action if you're asking for support. Tell me who to contact.  




 I thought Rube wasn't going to run if Jeb runs. Isn't Jeb his mentor? And Jeb clearly seems to be running.  




 Dude's not quite right in the head. But he sure is entertaining. And I wish him the best.  




 Yeah, MoveOn and YouGov polls. Very scientific stuff.  
























 Classic, required reading for anyone who wasn't aware of this. It really was the beginning of BitShares.  




 Creflo and Taffi Dollar? If you wrote that into a movie, no one would believe it. This strikes me as a simple intelligence test; send them a dollar and you've flunked it.  




 I see. Lots of "1's" on there, though, and you have to wonder if some of those guys just lobbed in a bad ball by accident.  









 Do those stats count pitch-outs or wild pitches where somebody trips and bounces it into the plate? 




 Ferrell's stunt was great. Baseball should have more fun. Reaching out and appealing to new fans is critical for this game's long term success. 

Spring training is the perfect time to try these things out. But honestly it is a long season and the games are long for many fans. I'd be okay if they pulled some tricks even in the regular season. 









 Wrong sub. This is "Not the Onion" and here you're posting about onions. Definitely not allowed! 




 If you pay half his salary, it's a deal. 




 A's have announced Ferrell's having Tommy John surgery.
https://twitter.com/based_ball/status/576050370708815872
 




 Clint's still talking to an empty chair. 




 Just declare martial law and get it over with. Democracy is a sham to these conservatives. 




 As long as they allow provisional voting for all the college kids, Wisconsin should end up blue again.  




 The Committee on Committees will study these studies and report back with its conclusions.  




 Duane Kuiper was on the radio in SF yesterday. He said that Huff, Pat Burrell and those 2010 veterans have basically been saying the same thing about Pablo "off the record" for years. This was the first time he's seen Huff go public.  




 Elitist jerk.  









 Very cool. I'm glad he remembered to write "Mariners". Do you think he'd do the same thing for any Yankees, Reds, Rays, or Cubs fan? 



















 Iran...isn't that near San Antonio somewhere? 




 Welcome! Looking forward to this.  




 Terrific suggestion. 









 Hopefully not while they're driving. 









 I know. How to energize the donors AND the foot soldiers, plus win the primaries AND the general election...it's quite a gauntlet for the wannabe GOP nominee to run.  




 He will get ripped and I think he knows it. Ripped apart? He's Jeb Bush so he may well survive that. If he really believes what he said about the GOP candidate who wins primaries not being able to win a General Election, then maybe he's willing to put his money where his mouth is. That would mean taking his hits for some more moderate stances (like immigration).  




 They'll have to go triple-digit pretty soon.  




 Good for him. I hope Jeb runs toward the middle somewhat, even in the primary. It would be good for his party, and for the country, to have less extremism. Jeb and Hillary may both be big enough that they can dictate some of the terms and not have to cow-tow quite as much to groups like this.  




 It's often a business deal much of the time, so...when one deal fell through, another one was struck.  




 Okay, I tried that too and it does indeed show my correct BTS balance. Thanks. 




 Making progress, perhaps. My balance is still all over the place. I think I had around 1 BTC worth of BTS in there. A few days ago, it was showing I had 6 BTC worth and now it shows I have 0.2 BTC. So I can't join you in saying the balances are correct, but more coins do seem to be listed on there now.  




 That's awesome! Many of us thought it would be a big year for Bitcoin. The infrastructure has just been slower to come around than everyone hoped.  




 Stark beauty. I wonder how long those dead trees have been there. At some point in the not-so-distant past, were they actually able to grow in this environment?  



















 The light client is being tested and the web wallet just debuted. The full client is nearing 1.0 status. Until now, it has been hard to use BitShares, but it's fair to say that a lot more people will have user-friendly access to it in the next few weeks.  









 Definitely report it.  





























 "If I did not love America, I would not have moved here from Kenya." Classic! 














 We will see if he can stay healthy for once and live up to the hype.  




 An incredible 99% of all Americans agree: ice cream tastes great. 




 Don't forget your sunglasses. 




 Is there anyone left in the Padres farm system? 




 Must be Spring Training for singers too. 




 Andreas would mop the floor with that guy. The only thing Preston Byrne cares about is a ledger system of some sort. The rest of crypto, he is glad to write about, but his articles show that he understands it quite poorly or even erroneously. Every time he opens his mouth or publishes something, he pretty much self-identifies himself as a first class moron. 




 Princess Leia, please defrost me! 




 Not sure I want these clowns devoting their full attention. 




 This is great to see. 




 There's no free lunch. These must slow down the water flow somewhat. If there's no issue with low water pressure or with using more energy to pump the water, then this sounds great.  




 I sure hope he introduced himself to that kid afterwards. Total moron if he didn't make that kid's day.  




 There's always one oddball position on every team: the kicker, the goalie, etc. I thought it was the catcher in baseball, but centerman may take the cake! 




 Some of them come to the US after a successful (half or part) career in Japan or Korea, so by the time they get here, they're older than your average rookie. Maintaining that quality at such a high level is tough for more than a few years for any pitcher. And in general, the quality of those Asian leagues is still AA or AAA at best, so there still aren't many who rise to major league quality level. There are some that have lasted a while, such as Hideo Nomo or Chan Ho Park. 




 Take advantage of early voting. Don't leave it all until one day.  









 Or if somebody's mired in a deep slump and he really needs the guy behind him to get a shot.  




 Does it come with sparkly Rainbow Brite icons? 




 They just fixed the issue. Should go back up soon, unless market forces hold it low. Lots of positive news on the way.  




 Ah, that explains a lot actually.  




 He'd better not use "Rafael" on the ballots. GOP primary voters will think he swam the Rio Grande.  




 That's pretty funny. 




 It doesn't seem to matter. Cruz had an American parent. McCain was born in the Panama Canal Zone and that didn't really become a big issue. Now if either one had been born in Mexico, they'd be labelled an illegal, but Canada? That's white enough for anyone in the GOP. 




 The only question in my mind: Is Ted Cruz's candidacy worse for Democrats or for Republicans? Probably the latter, since he's going to make some ugly headlines and say some nasty things at debates that characterize the extreme wing. Then again, it makes the moderates look like saints if they manage not to be tarred with his brush.  




 Yes, I've seen your posts before. I like Peercoin also. Not all members there are wild about NuBots, though it has some fans. 




 I agree with xeroc. And do your own research. If you're relying on forum posters to win you over with the best argument, that's an inferior way to inform yourself about important subjects. My answer: one relies on big wigs and bots; the other uses the free market to hold its peg in a decentralized exchange. To be fair, both are useful innovations. 




 Trolls, there's hope for you yet.  




 I actually agree. But one could make the argument that having him involved at Reds camps and throwing out the first pitch at a game, etc., would be less serious than giving him HOF consideration.  




 You are correct. Or theoretically, they could do the opposite: Keep the hall rule but let him back in the "game". I'm in favor of leaving the hall part up to voters, though, because those voters have shown discretion about the steroid-era candidates already. No chance Pete gets in now.  




 Is that the Fouke Monster? 




 Griffey must have been driven pretty hard. He was a 'can't miss' prospect from the time he was a kid; that's a lot of expectation for a young person. As warranted as the hype was in his case, it's never fair to do this to young people.  




 We're all holding our breath still on Bter. THe good news is that they've enabled some withdrawals and they're doing things they probably wouldn't have to be doing if they were simply closing and running away with everyone's money. But no telling what this has cost them and what impact that will have. Hopefully, the snapshots are honored, even if they have to include a bit of a discount.  




 Hold on; I've got a guy on the other line asking about some whitewalls.  




 Point well taken. But at least it means no official oil and gas exploration.  




 Wonderful news! 




 Satoshi discussed it with Dan Larimer, who later founded BitShares. This is one of their conversations.

https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=532.msg6269#msg6269 




 Hate to say it, but you just described BitShares pretty well. I'm a big fan of Bitcoin; Satoshi himself admitted it wasn't designed to be used for instant transactions, etc. If you use Bitcoin in combination with BitUSD through the BitShares decentralized exchange, as Roger Ver indicated in a recent video, you can have scalability, instant transactions, zero volatility, and keep your Bitcoin.  




 Desalinate some ocean water. I know it has some ecological impacts, which must be addressed, and that it uses energy, but cost and the energy impact are both a lot less than a pipeline from Canada or towing icebergs.  




 And perhaps a setting for Conan Doyle's Lost World, which in turn helped inspire Jurassic Park and countless others.  
























 I don't like it any more than anyone else does, but isn't this the whole point of fast track?  




 Yeah, but in Wisconsin, they sell those cheese curd thingies. Walker's probably thick with the cheese curd lobby.   




 This dude will never be president.  




 DH in the National League! DH in the National League!  




 Great read. Thanks for posting it. 




 Perfect response.  




 Terrific. Good luck to you! 




 Exactly. Very well said. This GM needed a lightning rod already? He'll need another scapegoat before the end of the season.  




 I have bristles to cover my gaps too. 




 Donaldson leading off. Best hitters first; automatic outs second. I kind of like it.  




 Strong hands believe in BitShares. Despite the setbacks, this is the better mousetrap. Selling now, at a low, would not be wise. 




 In that case, it's impressive. But much of the volume on other exchanges has not always been people.  




 Bots or people? 














 White bread will do it. 




 Please don't feed the wildlife. 




 He is a human with a large head. 




 They have to bribe the tribal leaders, amongst other expenditures they'd rather us not know about. That's how business is done in many parts of the world.  




 Y'all know this is the Onion, right? 




 Hey GOP, nobody cares about Ben...what's it called? 




 Isn't "using in vitro fertilization" something that women do much more often than men? If so, might there be an argument that this has a disproportionately disparate impact (is a discriminatory law) towards women? 




 You are right that CMC just reports and that it shouldn't choose. However, in these still-early days of crypto, that's really where a lot of people discover coins. So if a coin is not listed there, then it really doesn't have much following. If cryptos were more popular and widely used, then CMC would not have such a large influence by merely listing them, so my speculation about future corporate coins is just that...speculation.  




 That is weirdly terrific, actually.  




 Washington is utterly corrupt. It would be funny if they served pink chicken and everybody got sick. Would the laws come out differently then? 




 Quite possibly the most beautiful place I have ever been.  




 Fair enough. I wasn't saying lower salaries necessarily lead to corruption, but it is a factor to consider when these folks hold society's power to enforce the rule of law.  




 What a shot. Those were some empty bleachers, too.  




 Coin market cap should be for truly decentralized currencies. If Bank of America or Walmart started its own coin, would CMC list that? 




 It's not a matter of the education. This is a tough job with a lot of responsibility and these folks go through very rigorous testing and training. If they're making a lot less than $100K, then they'll be just as dishonest and dirty and corrupt as law enforcement officers in many other countries. You don't want that.  




 Good for them. 




 Probably people from other cryptos who monitor this space looking for a chance to knock the grand vision of BitShares.  




 I would hope so. He ain't gonna make it too far without winning his own state.  









 He must have worked really hard on his defense down in the minors. 









 This is a good choice. I don't always agree with his opinions or conclusions, but Bruce truly cares about Bitcoin and has been involved in it on multiple levels. Plus, he understands financial markets to a greater degree than most.  




 No kidding! The guy can't hit a target over there and he just proved it again.  




 Made in...some factory overseas that's never heard of either team.  




 Don't forget Ryan Howard. He's hitting like Mickey Mantle these days.  




 They badly need to get rid of some of those contracts, build up their farm system, and reload.  





























