






































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 I am an Independent that has become disillusioned at the entire political process. Just wanted to have a fun up or down vote on Reddit. Hope everyone gets laid tonight.. 































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 First Celebrity Crush: Winnie Cooper (Danica McKellar) from "The Wonder Years"

Close second: Kelly Kapowski (Tiffani Amber Thiessen) from "Saved by the Bell" 




 I have been drinking PBR since these kids were in diapers. I just love PBR. Now I get awkward stares from people because of the fucking hipsters. Thanks, hipsters! 




 This is why they keep prisons so cold. 




 "You touched a bar of soap!!!!! What were you thinking!? Give me those hands.." *applies entire bottle of hand sanitizer* 




 Isnt Obama trying to sell TVA to the same company?  




 Armed forces, DHS, TSA, NSA, CIA, FBI, ATF, Federal Police, DEA, USMS, BOP, ICE, ERO, HSI, USSS, CBP, etc, etc.. How many Federal agencies does ones government need to "police" its own people?

*This doesnt include the Militarized local/state police forces. 




 And guess who is paying that settlement, citizens...

Edit: My only point was. I totally agree this man deserved his settlement and much more. I am just wondering when we will start holding our Government accountable instead of paying settlements every time. I just want people/agencies/politicians held accountable. 




 Obama should relinquish his peace price to Edward Snowden. 




 There were around 40,000 people remaining at the show when he took stage. I think Woodstock peaked around 400,000 people. 









 Followers of the [Flying Spaghetti Monster](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flying_Spaghetti_Monster)? 




 Why doesn't he join the Caucasian Caucus? 




 Looks like Murica is about to spread some freedom. 




 McCain is an interesting lil fellar. Hell, Johns alright...... 




 You may take our lives, but you'll never take our POOOORRRNN! 




 I blame every President and Congress for the last 40 years. 




 Hank Paulson is a Republican. 




 That woman had grit. RIP 









 Its only a hate crime if white people do the beating.  




 Everything     is      fine. The    Government   knows    best  




 Fuck MSNBC! 









 Why cant we just stay out of other peoples business for a change. Do people have to call the cops about everything? geez. 









 Is Kanye West really the father? 




 When its warm, I can't ever tell if its actually going in my eye. I squeeze the bottle and then think, "Did anything actually come out of the bottle?". Then the tears run down my face and I finally know. 




 You, I like [you](http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lzzi6cUfk91qj2vh0.gif).. 









 His words are refreshing and I hope they encourage the movement of mountains. 




 The Government does not work for the best interest of the people. It no longer governs by the restraints put forth by our founders.  




 I do it every day. It destroys relationships. 




 Since Reddit I have forgotten how to internet. 




 I cant stop staring at that ass on the right... 




 She is also trying to dismantle the 2nd Amendment. The woman is against the Constitution. I just wish her constituents realized or cared. 




 So he will overlook the use by the rebels just to save face? Are you ok with this? To me the man doesnt have much credibility left. And if he condones the use of Sarin by the Rebels, but not the regime, then he will lose even more credibility. His red line should be for anyone using Sarin. This isn't a game. I think we just need to stay out of it. Its not our fight. Are we going to have to go to war with these rebels in 15 years after arming them to the teeth? 




 What about the UN having reports it was the Rebels that used the sarin..? [Link](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/05/05/us-syria-crisis-un-idUSBRE94409Z20130505) 




 Yup.. and the fact that we are complacent and lazy just means we will continue to get it "up the ass". Nothing will change because we do not demand it. We get mad about it and then go on to the next Kardashian baby. 









 I grew up in a Southern Baptist home. When I say voice I dont mean the peons. I mean the larger voices of the Church. Please do not try and tangle my words. Christianity needs leaders that speak of Christ in his true identity, not the falsehood idealism that has plagued it. 




 I just agreed with Sarah Palin for the first time in my life. I will remember this day forever. 









 Finally a voice of the Christian religion speaks of acting Christ-like. Its refreshing to hear. 




 Now go tell him again. 




 "We need to dismantle the constitution to protect the constitution." - US Government 




 #How can Snowden be a traitor when the programs he exposed are unconstitutional?


##*My country, 'tis of thee,*  
##*Sweet land of liberty,*  
##*Of thee I sing;*  
##*Land where my fathers died,*  
##*Land of the pilgrims' pride,*  
##*From ev'ry mountainside*  
##*Let freedom ring!*   




 [Interview with Al Gore](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2013/jun/14/al-gore-nsa-surveillance-unamerican?guni=Network%20front:network-front%20full-width-1%20Breaking%20news%20ticker:Breaking%20news%20ticker%20%28editable%29:Position1)

I wanted to post this here to bring attention to a possible ally in the fight to restore the 4th. What would we need to do to get Al Gore, a former Vice President, to become an outspoken proponent of our cause. I dont know if I posted this in the correct place or whether you see relevance in this post. I just wanted to bring it to the attention of the sub.  




 And to watch the President suggest that FISA Courts = Transparency just makes me sick to my stomach. 




 I dont know why I always find myself watching the entire video when this happens. 









 Swindler-in-Chief. 




 The terrorists are winning

FTFY 




 CNN even rehashed the Newtown school shooting yesterday as their top story. 

"pull the NSA story, quick... queue Newtown in 5....4....3...2...1.. and were back.." 




 this is shameful.. 




 yea... soo.... I have 1.5mb download speeds. Beat that! 




 If we cant agree on the bill of rights, what hope do we have to keep our Republic intact as it was intended? 




 The Constitution? 




 Selfishness 









 lol so logical 




 He could change the default SMTP address or assign an alias. 




 Good thing I got that 8 car garage for all my minivans. 




 Forget to back up your Christmas photos? important documents? well worry no more. For the low cost of the 4th Amendment, your data will be automatically backed up with absolutely no setup.. Call your Congressman and inquire today. 




 Distract the masses... 




 the 2nd amendment is just as important as the 4th. 




 Love that guy..  




 "If someone wants to know why their own government has decided to go on a fishing expedition through every personal record or private document - through library books they've read and phone calls they've made - this legislation gives people no rights to appeal the need for such a search in a court of law. No judge will hear their plea, no jury will hear their case. This is just plain wrong." - Barack Obama 2005

"Under the Obama administration, there has been a 60 percent increase in warrantless electronic surveillance" - ACLU

He knew/knows damn well what is going on. He campaigned against it in 2008. 




 i'm thinking alternator.. what youns thinkin? 




 Boy, someone got their feelings hurt.  




 Q: What's the difference between Obama and God?

A: God doesn't think he is Obama 




 Just another reason I regret voting for this swindler.  




 But atlleast its my choice to sign up for their service or not.  




 I do know about it though...  




 I choose to sign up for a corporations services which in turn allows them to use that information. I did not choose to sign up for the NSA spy on American citizens program. 




 ###George Washington would be proud of you, Edward Snowden.

##*and the home of the braaaave.* 




 I will agree that Reddit got a lil wild with the Boston Bombings. But lets be fair, all subs have their share of idiots. Thanks for sharing your story. 




 gawddamn i am pissed off about this shit. 




 I had no idea I wanted to say this same thing until you said it. 




 I would love to.. 




 ##Thats good to hear, fellow patriot. Thank you for your service. 




 "What good fortune for governments that the people do not think." - Adolf Hitler 




 "Great liars are also great magicians." - Adolf Hitler 




 But will you fight for those same rights when our own government is trying to dismantle them? 




 This is what tyranny looks like. 




 "By the skilful and sustained use of propaganda, one can make a people see even heaven as hell or an extremely wretched life as paradise." - Adolf Hitler 




 Someone tagged you as "CIA Disinfo Agent".. seems relevant.. 




 ### Murica 




 I will revolt with my vote. and what the hell do you mean "you people"? I am a gawddamn American that is Independent of either party and tired of the bullshit. 




 I don't think I will ever understand the bubble you live in. But its your life and your bubble. Obama weakened himself. 




 A considerable amount of damn commies in here. 




 oh... well i guess we should all pack our bags and go home now. just give up everyone, its not worth it.  




 A considerable amount of damn commies in here. 




 I voted for Obama 2wice. But now that he is acting like a drunk dictator, I regret my decision. He was the first and the last Democrat I will ever vote for. As Bush was the last Republican I will ever vote for. 3rd party for me from here on out. and honestly, it feels good to let go of the party chains for good. I am sick of them both.  




 The editorial board at the New York Times endorsed Obama in both elections. Stop being a blind parasite. 



















 ### Thank you for your post, fellow patriot. Have an upvote. 




 This is what tyranny looks like. 




 I started taking 1 hour to myself everyday, after work, for "meditation" about 5 years ago and it has reduced my anxiety levels tremendously. Just collecting my thoughts, digesting the day, and have a moment to have my mind all to my self. Its glorious. 




 I do not have a question. I just wanted to say hello and that I love your movies. Gattaca is still one of my fav sci-fi movies. Keep up the great work.

Thanks,

Jimmy 









 Otterbox 




 [The Human Centipede](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1467304/) 




 Listening to [Chocolate Starfish And The Hot Dog Flavored Water](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HSIK3UQyTow) right now. So many good memories. Still my fav LB album. 




 [Its just one of those days  
When you don't wanna wake up  
Everything is fucked  
Everybody sux  
You don't really know why  
But you want justify  
Rippin' someone's head off  
No human contact  
And if you interact  
Your life is on contract  
Your best bet is to stay away motherfucker  
It's just one of those days!!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4O_V_lZU04) 




 I can confirm this.

Source: I have shit during a 3 day weekend. 









 ###A true Patriot defending FREEDOM till his last breath. Thank you for sharing, fellow patriot. 




 That is just another great thing about FREEDOM.. you can wipe your ass with whatever you want... 


























































































































































































































































































































 I agree. The most effective change needs to be done on the State level. Which is how our country is supposed to work. We do not need a larger federal government making general policies for everyone without understand what effects it has on individual local economies. Everyones needs are different. Plus I do not think we grasp the problem enough to implement broad federal changes at this point.. Things need to be done on the state level and done with what is best for that States environment. The problem with this is citizens always try to make change on the federal level. The biggest impact we can have is starting local and seeing what works best for individual communities. Things that work will translate into general public policy.  




 I agree. Its the nature of the beast. Automation will reign supreme in manufacturing. at some point. 




 I apologize if I took your comment wrong. But increasing minimum wage overnight would be very damaging to the bottom line. I would love to increase pay for all of our workers. But there has to be a realistic option that would not cause businesses to close their doors or leave communities jobless because all companies have pulled out. It has to be a slow and methodical change. We just cant add millions of dollars to our costs overnight and not expect a catastrophic event.  




 You seem to have no grasp on reality. If 1000 people lose their jobs that will be a much larger drain on the community than having people work, pay taxes, be provided health insurance, retirement plans (which we match), etc. Take that away and the local economy would be drained from all of the extra social services and less tax revenue. Tell your local commissioners to have all companies like mine shut there doors. Then come back and tell me what happens to your economy once this happens. You think its bad now it would be catastrophic doing things your way.  




 I am not forcing anyone to keep their job. They choose to stay here and work. If they can find a better job or higher paying job whats stopping them from going to get it? I am not keeping them here against their will. Most of our employees are happy with their jobs. Plus we susbsidize our employees healthcare. Which costs us $millions$ a month. A MONTH. They pay a 1/4 of the total cost of their health insurance because we subsidize it for them. Like a lot of companies do. 




 So you think the almost 1000 people we employ would be able to find another job when we are one of the largest employers in our region? lol It would just cause even worse conditions for people in the local economy. And I am not forcing anyone to work for me. They choose to work for us because we provide them with a job. Which is better than no job? Welcome to the world economy. Welcome to the giant sucking sound. Welcome to reality. 




 I agree that automation will kill lots of jobs. Increasing wages forcefully will only accelerate the idea of automation. Businesses have to continue to create their products. We are a world economy and a balance must be met to compete. If Americans want higher wages that just means less jobs. So take your pick. Less pay more jobs or more pay less jobs. That is the reality.  




 If my company went out of business almost 1000 people would lose their jobs and there is nothing in this area that would be able to fill them. So tell me how that would benefit the local economy or the overall economy? We are in the process of eliminating jobs with automation because margins are so thin as it is. You do realize US manufacturers have to compete with 3rd world countries correct? So we have to keep a balance or people will lose their jobs and be even worse off. This is not black and white. You cant just say *increase wages* and it not cause a ripple effect.  




 We are. We are in the process of transition. Our company has increased automation by almost 20% in the last 5 years. 




 No it wont. If I were to increase pay it would wipe out my margins leaving me selling my product at a loss and eventually shutting our doors. That would help the economy correct? Us shutting our doors taking health subsidies, jobs, and state federal taxes with it. Thats what you think is good for the economy? 




 They are laborers. Labor is a direct business cost.  




 My company doesnt provide a benefit? lol If my company went out of business almost 1000 people would lose their jobs and there is nothing in this area that would be able to fill them. So they would become an even more drain on the social system than they already are. If they want to make more money. They need to go get training and learn a skill that demands more money. And if increasing worker pay causes inflation to the point where the increase in pay is depleted by inflation cost in goods purchased then they would be in the same place they are now. Still requiring subsidies. On top of that my company pays out $millions$ in healthcare costs to subsidize the employees healthcare. Just like many businesses do. If we did not subsidize their healthcare they would be an even bigger drain on  social services.  




 I can only pay what my company can afford. Businesses are in business to make money. Just like employees get up and go to work to make money. We pay our skilled laborers a decent wage. 




 This is exactly what is happening or going to happen. Working smarter = less employees and more automation. So what would be the point of increasing wages if less people would be getting a wage? How does that help? We already pay our skilled workers a decent wage.  




 Yes they are. This is why we are seeing manufacturing move to places like Vietnam or Mexico. 




 Exactly. Increasing the minimum wage will only accelerate this from a Manufacturing standpoint.  




 "Skilled" laborers make more than minimum wage. Machinists, electricians, plc programmers, etc. are paid above minimum wage for their skill.  




 They wont pay more. If you force a company like mine to increase pay which hurts the company, we will just move our operations overseas and no one will have a job that relies on my company to provide for their family. We have done everything we could the last 6 years to decrease costs and compete with China. Increased labor costs would push us over the edge and require us to move our operations to keep our customers. Customers will not pay more if they know they can go somewhere else and get it cheaper. Which would happen. 




 Well I can only speak from a manufacturing standpoint. And if I remember correctly we are trying to ramp up manufacturing in the States. This would cause us to lose out to countries with lower labor costs. The only heavy turnover I get is from people that just don't like to show up to work. Workers cant go get a better paying job doing the same thing at other manufacturers either. Cause they are in the same boat as me. We are actually replacing workers with machines to increase productivity. I will not create work ethic for someone else. If they want a job and work hard they will get hired. If they do well I will look for ways to promote them.  




 Inflating cost of goods to give people more money is inflation. The same people I just gave the raise to would pay more for the products they were buying. Depleting any raise I gave them. Aside from that it would cause my company to lose business to manufacturers in other countries like China that have lower labor costs.  




 I know the company I work for is the only manufacturer in the United States for the product we make. If we were to increase costs it would force our customers to look at manufacturing from other countries. We have done all we can to compete with other countries as it is. Increasing costs would cut our legs out from underneath us. 




 Kind of hard to cut costs when you have already done that. The recession caused manufacturers to run lean and thin. They are already running lean and thin. Not much more room to cut. 




 My margins are almost non-existent. What little profit we do make we use to increase production capacity or hire new workers when demand increases. With an increase in direct labor costs I would no longer be able to do that. In fact it would cause me to sell my product at a loss resulting in possible closure of my operation.  




 I can tell you from experience. I manage a company that manufacturers goods. If I was forced to increase direct labor costs, with the thin margins I am already at, it would cause me to let workers go or increase the costs of my goods.  




 No one said it is the only cause of inflation. It will just cause more inflation. Its apparent no one in this thread has ever owned or managed a business. You cant just pull money out of thin air. Companies have to compensate for this increase in labor costs. They will do this by letting workers go or increasing prices on their goods. This is basic economics. This will be passed on to the consumer.  














 It will cause inflation. 




 Inflation 









 I miss 'Dubya'.  




 Shits about to go down... Putin style. 




 [Proper Procedure for removing the windows.old folder](http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows7/how-do-i-remove-the-windows-old-folder) 




 AT T is the worst. 

Source: AT T customer 




 US Marines are in Mexico. US Marines train Mexican Marines. 




 [Video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYl-f2uoltg) 




 Since Reddit I have forgotten how to internet.  




 Why can't we elect leaders like Eisenhower anymore? That guy was top notch.  




 I am ashamed of both parties. 




 It will fall when China allows it.  




 Was going to ask a question but 'what difference at this point does it make?!' 




 [r/politics:](http://www.reddit.com/r/politics/) Obamas left nut. 




 Dream Act recipients 




 *minorities...* 














 Classic Shell is free. 




 Damn proud!

Source: Am Southern folk 




 Challenger, go at throttle up. *roger, go at throttle up.* 




 You would think someone with a peace prize and lots of international clout would step up and say something. Guess its hard to say something when that someone is taking part in the construction of the finest police state in the world.  




 Johnson always looks like he's unimpressed.  




 [Avast Free Edition](http://www.avast.com/en-us/index) 




 Close enough.  




 Definitely Canadian.  









 Dat ass... 




 In theory, could it be biology thinning out the herd?  




 *Catherine says he's been holding out for a management position* 




 Only 43 when he died? Seems young. Anyone know cause of death? 




 The other 4 out of 10 need their heads *examined*.  




 Chicago loves to ban stuff.  




 I stream Netflix over a 1.5Mbps connection just fine. Have for years. 6Mbps would be a major upgrade for me. 




 Is it because their country has been through radiation therapy on 3 occasions?  




 Theres a considerable amount of damn commies in this thread. 














 "Sen. Paul will be discussing the lawsuit in an exclusive appearance on Fox News with host Eric Bolling at 10 PM ET on Friday." 

Guess we will find out tonight if its true.  




 Its just right across the map.  




 A considerable amount of Republicans I know actually have no issue with "Civil Unions". They have an issue with "Gay *Marriage*". 




 What kind of man allows himself to finish before his lady does?  




 Well, to be fair, we voted for them. and of course its never *MY* Congressman. ever 




 Am I the only one that noticed the subtle, and not so subtle, attacks on Snowdens character? Wasn't much said on the clear violations of the Constitution. I miss the days of journalism and the sense of responsibility they once felt to bring the truth, the real truth, to light. 




 "I have already intimated to you the danger of parties in the State, with particular reference to the founding of them on geographical discriminations. Let me now take a more comprehensive view, and warn you in the most solemn manner against the baneful effects of the spirit of party generally.  
  
This spirit, unfortunately, is inseparable from our nature, having its root in the strongest passions of the human mind. It exists under different shapes in all governments, more or less stifled, controlled, or repressed; but, in those of the popular form, it is seen in its greatest rankness, and is truly their worst enemy.  
  
The alternate domination of one faction over another, sharpened by the spirit of revenge, natural to party dissension, which in different ages and countries has perpetrated the most horrid enormities, is itself a frightful despotism. But this leads at length to a more formal and permanent despotism. The disorders and miseries which result gradually incline the minds of men to seek security and repose in the absolute power of an individual; and sooner or later the chief of some prevailing faction, more able or more fortunate than his competitors, turns this disposition to the purposes of his own elevation, on the ruins of public liberty."  
  
George Washington, Farewell Address - Letter written To The People of The United States 




 *If you have nothing to hide what are you worried about?* 




 *He hurt my feelings!!! Fire him!!!* 




 Because I got to keep the same insurance I have always had? 




 Damn straight! 




 Hillary Clinton 2016!  
Jeb Bush 2020!  
Chelsea Clinton 2024!  
George P Bush 2028!  
  
Now that is change you can believe in. Way to show the establishment, Americans. You showed them good! 




 I currently pay $60 a month for health insurance. I priced out the same plan on healthcare.gov and would pay $280 a month if I got a plan through the site. and this is what people are excited about?  




 What the fuck did I just watch?! 




 When I purchase new machines through Dell I specify that I want an Office VLK with software assurance. It has downgrade rights to Office 2010 as well. Dell has a junk sku that will allow for 1 license instead of the 5.  




 TIL 




 That is a troubling statistic you have there. 









 Guaranteed there was something from that 1st bday that embarrassed the shit out of your father.  




 FUCK THAT BITCH! 




 There is a considerable amount of damn commies in this thread.  




 "if you want to test a man's character, give him power." 




 I'm here for the rustling.. 




 I read your username as 'The Yellow Pages' 




 I didn't agree with all of his politics but the man was a statesman. 




 Must not be much oil there. 




 I blame every politician in Washington.  




 I agree completely.  




 Its not whether or not I am angry, its whether or not society deems it ok to be angry. If the hive mind of society doesn't have your back you will be labeled and monitored. That's where I was getting at.  




 At what point, as an American, am I allowed to become angry? 




 Today they would be tased, beaten, and tried as adults for resisting arrest and fleeing.  




 Is this the same Gallup that had Romney winning the election? 




 The building behind me serves as a moral compass, not only for our country but for the world. And over my dead body are we going to find trash pouring out of these trash cans, he said. At the end of the day, we are the stewards of these buildings that are memorials.

Gawddamn, I want to shake this mans hand. 




 Probably just needs a reboot.  




 Doesn't Google run theirs a bit hotter because they realized it was cheaper for them to replace hardware than to cool the area? 




 He is the greatest American to ever live, IMO. 




 Can you give a lil background on this tool and what it is used for? 




 Ok, thanks! I don't know where I heard that. But thats why I asked. 




 Blind party support. from both sides. 




 Can the President not hold an emergency session and make Congress fund the government? I was thinking there was something about this in the Constitution. I am asking. 




 Did you include the militarization of local and state police forces and the inclusion of the DHS as a domestic police agency? I think you will find a huge increase in "security/defense" personnel. 




 Just think about it for a moment..... we, the taxpayer, pay these companies for information so we can spy on ourselves. WTF is wrong with us? 




 .gifs 




 [H.R. 205: To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to clarify the treatment of certain retirement plan contributions picked up by governmental employers.](https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/113/hr205) 




 I would still take Eisenhower over the swindlers we have had the last 40 years. 




 I enjoy taking long drives in the country side. I enjoy the act of driving. 




 Buyout candidate? 




 Awesome!  

I know this has nothing to do with this thread but I would love to see [North and South](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnUQQF9yOQI) (TV Mini Series in mid 80s) come to theaters for a 2 week special screening or something like that. I just absolutely love that mini series and would love to see it on the big screen. 




 There is a considerable amount of damn commies in this thread. 




 Yuengling is the oldest operating brewing company in the United States, having been established in 1829, and is one of the largest breweries by volume in the country. 




 Her constituents scare me the most.  




 So that means I can expect a trickle? 




 His grandson, S.I. Newhouse IV, was featured in the documentaries, ["Born Rich"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tmpuyiJYB4) and ["The One Percent"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEX0lSnMjaI) that were both directed by Jamie Johnson. Jamie Johnson is one of the heirs to Johnson and Johnson.

Edit: links 




 Tell them you would like the opportunity to be promoted. with pay increase. 




 I will always blame the constituents.  




 I hope they ranked Humans #1. 




 I never could bring myself to unfriend/defriend him. 




 |thanks to greed

FTFY 




 This guy just died. 




 Centralize printing while you have the opportunity. I have had great luck with Canon and Savin. Look into leasing with a maintenance contract as well.  




 Label your PCs with computer name. Put a physical label on each machine.  




 [LogMeIn Free](https://secure.logmein.com/products/free/) 




 [Avast Free Edition](http://www.avast.com/index) 




 9/11 Hijackers were Saudis. 









 but but Syria..... Donald Rumsfeld.... 9/11 Flag... 




 Thank you for the answer. I learned something new today.  




 Where does "gut microbiota" come from? Is it genetic or is it something we gain over time depending on our habits? I am completely ignorant to the subject.  




 Life... 




 lol 




 One of my dads customers was a Navy Seal Team instructor. He has been one of my dads customers for 10+ years. He gave my dad a Seal jacket with this particular mans Seal teams emblems on it. My dad wears it with pride. He brags about it all the time. "Did you see the jacket my customer gave me?" (with a big grin on his face) I couldn't imagine my father being treated this way for not being a Seal but wearing that  jacket.  




 All I heard from Kerry yesterday is that we must "protect Israel".. How about we let Israel protect themselves for a change. We have had too many American brothers and sisters killed or maimed protecting Israel while the Israelis sit on their couch and watch. You are the Secretary of State for the United States of America, not of Israel. 




 lol... no.... this guy.... lol 




 Why didn't they stop him at the gate before he entered?  




 As an American, I am tired of being the protector of Israel. Had too many American brothers and sisters killed or maimed protecting Israel while the Israelis sit on their couch and watch.  




 "Preventive war was an invention of Hitler. Frankly, I would not even listen to anyone seriously that came and talked about such a thing." - Dwight D. Eisenhower 




 Oh look someone spilled their Merlot.  




 They took an oath to protect the Constitution, the United States, and its people. Standing up for the Constitution should not be looked at as activism. They are upholding their oath. It should be more widespread. Bombing Syria does nothing to protect the United States homeland, its people, or founding documents. 




 Glad to see the military members not following orders blindly. Its against the law for service members to follow an unlawful order. They can be tried in a court of law for doing so.  




 Americans standing on the tracks is the only way to stop this speeding train. 




 You should do an AMA. 




 [CutePDF Writer.](http://www.cutepdf.com/)

PDF Printer driver. Allows printing to PDF format. 
























 "Often the best source of information about waste, fraud, and abuse in government is an existing government employee committed to public integrity and willing to speak out. Such acts of courage and patriotism, which can sometimes save lives and often save taxpayer dollars, should be encouraged rather than stifled. We need to empower federal employees as watchdogs of wrongdoing and partners in performance. Barack Obama will strengthen whistleblower laws to protect federal workers who expose waste, fraud, and abuse of authority in government. Obama will ensure that federal agencies expedite the process for reviewing whistleblower claims and whistleblowers have full access to courts and due process." - ChangeDOTgov  

This excerpt above was pulled from the site 2 days after the Snowden revelations.  

Obama has used the Espionage Act to charge more whistleblowers than any past President combined.   




 What are her views on the NSA disclosures? 




 Came here for a 'deal with it' gif made from this video.. left disappointed.  




 What are your ideas on how to fix the crumbling infrastructure?   
How would you pay for the fixes needed?  
  
Thank you for the AMA. 




 Where'd he go? 




 The man is a dictator. 




 Hold on there, cowboy, can you load the dishwasher? 




 What the fuck did I just watch? 




 Their voting record says different. 




 What is her stance on the NSA disclosures? 




 "Where the people fear the government you have tyranny. Where the government fears the people you have liberty." - John Basil Barnhill 




 What this clerk did should be encouraged, not stifled.  




 It's her constituents that scare me the most. 




 Fuck that guy! 




 Bang Bus van? 




 Can't tell his lawyer? This can't be Constitutional... 












































 ..or Green Berets.  




 I hope I am as "dead broke" as the Clinton's someday.  









 [This](http://i.imgur.com/eOIXO8I.png) was the vote count when I found this thread. Let freedom ring! 



















 "I would say it is the most secretive White House that I have ever been involved in covering, and that includes  I spent 22 years of my career in Washington and covered presidents from President Reagan on up through now, and I was Washington bureau chief of the Times during George W. Bush's first term. I dealt directly with the Bush White House when they had concerns that stories we were about to run put the national security under threat. But, you know, they were not pursuing criminal leak investigations," she continued. "The Obama administration has had seven criminal leak investigations. That is more than twice the number of any previous administration in our history. It's on a scale never seen before. This is the most secretive White House that, at least as a journalist, I have ever dealt with." - Jill Abramson / Jan 2014

The real reason she is no longer at NYT, IMO. NYT has become nothing more than a media arm of the Obama admin.  









 And my original comment never said his point was invalid. I think your anger is really because I do not salivate at the thought of Harry Reid or Dick Cheney. I am not a Republican or Democrat. I was a person in the streets protesting the war. Protesting both parties for what they had done. I believe that both parties are culpable for our current state of affairs, including the Iraq debacle. Both sides disregarded many people from the international community that told us the intelligence was wrong. Both sides did not listen and got us involved in one the biggest foreign policy blunders in our nations history. I do not get caught up in the party paradigm so I guess its just easier for me to hold all elected officials accountable for their choices. I wanted the Bush administration investigated for war crimes. Thanks to the Obama administration we will never see that either. You fail to realize that both sides are to blame and so you come here and attack me for stating a fact. Whether his point was correct or not hes not really in a place to say anything as he is just as culpable. As I see you see things through a very biased set of eyes I feel this conversation continuing will get neither of us anywhere and just waste my time. I will forever hold both parties to blame for the Iraq debacle and nothing you say will change that. I lived it. I protested it.  




 How is my comment not relevant? Harry Reid is bashing Cheney, and rightfully so, for Iraq yet Harry Reid is partly to blame. He voted to authorize the use of Military force in Iraq giving Bush and Cheney the green light for their pointless war. I just find it odd that someone who gave Cheney the authority to go into Iraq is bashing him for going into Iraq.  




 So rational. You label me an asshole for pointing out a fact? ok.. I will take my downvotes with pride. 




  When a Senator is presented with evidence that grossly misrepresented going to war in Iraq (any and all WMD evidence) are you really going to blame him for it?

Yes, people should be held responsible for the decisions they make. Especially a Senator that has the power to hold those responsible for falsifying intelligence and lying to Congress yet fails to do so.
 




 So if someone tells you that something is true and you base your decision on that you are no longer responsible for your choice? Ok... 




 Harry Reid voted in favor of the Iraq war. 









 You seem to not understand how mail servers, networks, and backups work. 









 "I am very optimistic about -- about Iraq. I mean, this could be one of the great achievements of this administration. You're going to see 90,000 American troops come marching home by the end of the summer. You're going to see a stable government in Iraq that is actually moving toward a representative government," Joe Biden 2010 




 Because I would expect r/politics to be unbiased views from all sides of the political spectrum. Instead r/politics has turned into r/democrats or r/obama. I am not a Republican or Democrat. I just like to see two sides of the debate. Which should be what r/politics is all about. But all you have to do is look through r/politics and understand what types of stories that are allowed to be discussed. Of course you may be biased yourself and not care or not see it. Everything in r/politics has a one sided bias towards politics. What does r/politics expect to get out of having an agenda? what do they expect to get out of everyone sitting around with the same opinions and ideas? I would call it a circlejerk. Its obvious to middle of the road people like myself. r/politics = r/democrats and if you believe otherwise you are either lying to yourself or you havent been here long enough. But you are right. Why do I continue to stay? I guess I just hoped at some point unbiased views would come along but when the moderators are so biased themselves and have their own political agendas its difficult to have have unbiased middle of the road political discussions. Moderators of r/politics flag posts right out of the gate if they do not align with the agenda of the left. Moderators downvote articles that do not necessarily break any rules but go against their personal agendas. Its sad really. I believe both sides of the political aisle are just as culpable for our current state of affairs. But you wouldnt know that reading r/politics. Not that the facts arent out there, its because anything that shows the left in a bad light gets shadow banned, pulled, or downvoted before a discussion can even take place. r/politics should promote both sides of the aisle and many opinions and ideas. If r/politics was the same towards the right I would have just as much of an issue with it. I cant stand political parties and it bewilders me how we can expect to move forward as a nation as long as we sit around in our own little circles pointing the finger at one particular party. But you have made me realize that no one in r/politics cares about the things i just mentioned so I guess you are right. I should unsubscribe and leave you all to your circlejerk.  




 Abu Duaa was connected to the intimidation, torture and murder of local civilians in Qaim, says a Pentagon document. He would kidnap individuals or entire families, accuse them, pronounce sentence and then publicly execute them. 




 The men that Obama funded, trained, and armed are leaving the "rebels" and joining ISIS. ISIS also has access to $billions$ of military hardware that the Obama admin decided to leave behind in Iraq. 




 Biased? You would say anything is biased that doesn't show Obama in a good light. Everyone on Reddit, except r/politics, knows that r/politics is an Obama circlejerk. Obama would have had to authorize it.  




 Abu Duaa was connected to the intimidation, torture and murder of local civilians in Qaim, says a Pentagon document. He would kidnap individuals or entire families, accuse them, pronounce sentence and then publicly execute them.

Sounds like just the type of guy we should let go.  




 Camp Bucca was a US military run installation.  




 I do not need any "news" source to tell me Obama is not "honest and trustworthy". Are you blind? 









 http://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/27saxb/when_bush_paid_terrorists_a_ransom/

You mean like this post? Which seemed to be allowed no problem. But I understand that it fits into the r/politics agenda.  




 So you have evidence of the said fiction? Not saying there is enough evidence for it be to fact either. 




 "contact us for our FREE 3 hour intro to networking video, this will be sufficient to bring you up to speed with the basics of the Open Systems interconnect model."

Can you send me this video you mention on your site? I look forward to your class in the future. Thanks 




 How did you survive without Food Stamps or an IPhone? 














 Its the US or Iran. Take your pick. 




 The House and Senate make up the Congress. Congressman can refer to a person from either house of Congress. 




 [The World without US](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Py4jVOJDwXU feature=kp) is a compelling documentary that speaks to the exact question you ask. I would suggest you watch it. It is available on Netflix. 




 Gross violations of our Constitution are not "minor issues" in my view. They are the most pressing issues IMO. Economic issues will work themselves out as both individuals will have a vested interest in our economy since they both rely on the economy to survive. I also believe they could find common purpose on economic issues. After what this country has gone through in terms of Constitutional violations in the last 14 years that has become my above all voting condition. Both parties have very similar overall views of economic policy. This is why policies have not changed very much in the last 30+ years. Its the issues such as Constitutional violations that have changed dramatically in the last 30+ years and have detrimental long term effects. Including on the economy. It is being speculated that the NSA revelations will cost American tech companies billions in lost revenue, annually. I believe these two men could find common purpose and do great things for the people and the Constitution of this wonderful nation. I just like to think outside the box. I mean what we have been doing surely isnt working for the people. So why not try something different? I am not a Republican or Democrat. I am just an American that cares about his country and I can see that something drastic and unrealistic may be our only chance at righting some of these wrongs. 




 Who is VP or P does not concern me between the two. And I refuse to believe that two men like Sanders and Paul, who have deep love for their country, could not find a common agenda to seek together. My mom always told me, "Can't never could do anything." 




 I find they have common ground on domestic issues including Constitutional violations. Of course there will be differences. But the goal is to go after some of the larger issues that encroaching on civil liberties. NSA, Patriot Act, Executive power, etc. 




 Democrats would never be able to primary him out. His constituents love him. And why would you support such an ouster? Do you have something against bucking the establishment? 




 "Brat, who raised less than $300,000 to the House majority leader's campaign war chest of $5.4 million, said, "It's not about David Brat winning tonight, it's about returning the country to its principles."

That money is not as powerful in winning elections as others thought? 




 If that is what they decided then great. I am more about the substance of what they stand for than whose name is on the ticket first. 




 But when both men can find common issues where forward is very similar it could do wonders for our country. Establishment candidates are ruining our nation. Doing the same thing is ruining our nation. Voting for the same agendas is ruining our nation. I just thought it was worth the discussion and I would love to hear their views on the idea. I honestly believe they could pull a common agenda together and move forward. But again just thinking outside the box.  




 To me it would not matter. I am just ready for a real change in politics. Thinking outside the box is something we need more of in terms of politics.  




 So you believe that men that have two different core ideologies cannot find common ground move forward based on those common principles? Is that not the foundation of our government? Is Congress not setup to compromise different ideologies into one common goal or purpose. I reject the notion that just because they have different core ideologies that they couldnt come to a compromise on the best way to move the country forward. There are issues that need to be addressed such as NSA, Military engagments, NDAA, Patriot Act, etc where they could really lead the charge. The gross violations of our Constitution from both parties is appalling and I believe that as long as we continue to vote for the establishment we will get the same policies. I am just ready to think outside the box. We need men like Bernie and Rand to take on the political parties in this country. Both have a knack for going against the grain. I just believe as Americans we can do anything. We can find common ground and move our country forward. This is why I refuse to believe that these two could not find a common purpose. 




 Bernie is an Independent. Whether that helps.  




 That didn't stop Bernie Sanders and Ron Paul from being two of the closest allies in Congress. Why couldn't they work together as Americans and forget about party for a moment? Neither one toe their party lines to begin with. 




 Ron Paul and Bernie Sanders were two of the closest allies in Congress. So can you elaborate on what you said? Of course I believe that there will be differences. But I also believe that where they are similar is where we need to be focusing our strengths at the moment. Plus it would be a huge tip of the hat to bipartisanship. I believe the two of them together would be a force to be reckoned with. I believe together they could do great things for the people. 




 I really enjoy both of these Congressmen and what they stand for. I do not get caught up in the party paradigm. Just wondering what your thoughts are on it. Thanks! 




 r/politics = r/democrats 

You new here? 




 The end of journalism can be traced back to the fact that the majority of major news outlets in the US are owned by just a handful of companies. I believe this is where the problems lie.  




 Rehosted Content. But sense it follows the agenda of this sub it will be allowed.  









 And where does 80% of the worlds poppy come from? ...Afghanistan. 




 Thank you!  




 Can you point me to the thread that was the same? I had done a search and did not see it. So I am just curious as to which post was identical. 














 I did not understand a damn thing she said. That is one stupid woman. How in the hell does she continue to win elections? I also found it disingenuous that she blamed the Bush admin, "The Bush admin went too far." Ummmm she voted for the Patriot Act, the Iraq war, and NDAA. So what in the hell is she talking about? 









 Dell Latitude 




 You will not find this story on CNN or MSNBC. I guarantee it. 














 [](http://i.imgur.com/NnoGhN1.gif) 




 My friend told me he thought about taking an online course once. 




 Its the customers that are the problem. Stop shopping at Wal-Mart. 









 How many Christians in Congress voted to fund space exploration up until now? Was JFK a Christian?Was Neil Armstrong? Buzz Aldrin? Scientists and/or Engineers at NASA? Just wondering.  




 I salute you, fellow patriot. 




 I actually enjoy Bing and Bing Maps. ^^Don't ^^hit ^^me. ^^I ^^am ^^only ^^being ^^honest. 




 Rand Paul. Because he is not a Democrat and established Republicans don't like him. And he fights for the Constitution. 




 If you want to kill money in politics, go after lobbyists.  




 You do realize you can choose not to vote for someone, correct? Just because someone spends gobs of money does not mean you are forced to vote for them. For example: Newt Gingrich was bankrolled by billionaire Sheldon Adelson. He still could not win the election.  




 "I would say it is the most secretive White House that I have ever been involved in covering, and that includes  I spent 22 years of my career in Washington and covered presidents from President Reagan on up through now, and I was Washington bureau chief of the Times during George W. Bush's first term. I dealt directly with the Bush White House when they had concerns that stories we were about to run put the national security under threat. But, you know, they were not pursuing criminal leak investigations," she continued. "The Obama administration has had seven criminal leak investigations. That is more than twice the number of any previous administration in our history. It's on a scale never seen before. This is the most secretive White House that, at least as a journalist, I have ever dealt with." - Jill Abramson / Jan 2014

I was thinking she was ousted for this...  




 Maybe because its not the schools... maybe its the people or culture? 




 that don't involve gender or race? well those are the worst.  




 Something is definitely odd about their deaths.  




 Best comment. 




 This weirds me out. Is this what we can expect from a liberal society? Appeasement of the minority to the point where the majority is not protected properly? 




 So you are against the "hands-off approach"? You want the internet to be regulated? 




 Its very vague.  




 Was just genuinely curious what her views on the NSA disclosures were. Civil rights will always trump Student loans in my views.  




 What are her views on the recent NSA disclosures?  




 I like this Rand Paul guy. 




 Are we really going to let his 1%er get away with this? 




 Prison can change a man. 














 A considerable amount of Obama apologists in this thread. 









 Are we really going to let his 1%er get away with this? 














 Says the guy that's too weak to take on his own Justice Department. 




 Honestly, I hear that word from rappers and other artists more than anywhere else.  














 The Hope scholarship does not give you enough to pay for school in full. 









 [McDonalds reaction.](http://i.imgur.com/5KjURfx.gif) 




 I am an economic conservative Independent and I do no hate labor.  









 Opinion can be found [here](http://www.supremecourt.gov/opinions/13pdf/12-536_e1pf.pdf). 




 Opinion can be found [here](http://www.supremecourt.gov/opinions/13pdf/12-536_e1pf.pdf). 














 To vote for the Constitution and not a party. 




 There is still a war in Afghanistan? You wouldn't know it by reading the "news" every day. I am actually shocked that "news" outlets are posting this article. I hope they start covering this more often.

with that said...

So nice to hear that there were no troop deaths in March. Can't wait for this war to be over and to have our brothers and sisters back home in the States. 




 "Students" 




 Not a "GOP Supporter". I am an Independent. But for me its Rand Paul. 




 From my conversations with Dell regarding this specific type of case - Windows 8 machine with Windows 7 downgrade - this is supposed to work.  The new Dells that are set up like this no longer come with Windows 7 COA License key stickers. (and of course Windows 8 keys are stored in the bios) Dell says to use the OEM Windows 7 disk so that it will auto-populate the license key when installing Windows 7. Of course I will also recommend creating the Dell recovery disc on first boot up. Dell recovery is the best way to recreate the system as it was from the factory. But if a disc must be used OEM should do the trick.  









 What are her views on the NSA disclosures? or the attempt to relabel journalists? or the the attack on whistleblowers?  









 RIP Layne. Song hits me right in the feels every time. Then I sit and listen to it on repeat for an hour.  




 I just threw up in my mouth a lil. That burrito tasted better going down.  




 That makes more sense.  




 9.5 Million? The Obama admin is saying only 6 Million have signed up? Of that 6 million 80% have actually paid for their coverage.  




 If its Dell hardware you should be able to just use the Dell OEM Windows 7 recovery DVD you received and it should not ask you for a key. An MSDN disc would ask for key. A Dell OEM disc will not. 




 I subscribed the shit out of that. 




 Voting for a Democrat or a Republican *is* throwing your vote away. 




 Thats with the assumption that people that vote 3rd party would have voted for someone else if a 3rd candidate was not running. Which you base on nothing. 




 Obama is already in office. 




 Welcome to /r/AdviceAnimals where the retarded roam like the fish of Capistrano. 




 Obama is already in office. 




 Voting for a Democrat or Republican *is* throwing your vote in the garbage. 




 /r/politics should change its name to /r/democrats 




 Clinton 2016!!

Bush 2016!!

We want change!!!! When do we want it? Never, apparently. 




 Why? There is absolutely no need for the TSA or Armed Guards. 




 Yes. The moderator that removed it, IMO, had a biased reason to do it. The link worked from the time I posted it. I didnt edit the post and I tested the link numerous times. Even after the moderators looked at it the link worked. This is my biggest issue with this sub. Its clearly biased towards one party which stifles conversation on a broad range of ideas. Feinstein is a Democrat. The moderator that removed it is surely a Democrat, Feinstein supporter, or trigger happy. 

Happy Cake day!  









 Link does work 









 I would vote for a rabid dog before I would vote for her. 




 Cold-blooded Murder!  




 lol r/politics = Obamas left nut 




 Snitches get stitches and wind-up in ditches.  




 They why didn't you stand up before the Snowden leaks? poser 




 And Obamas Foreign policy is like the second coming of Jesus Christ...  




 So you didn't read the article I posted? I am not denying that Halliburton made tons of money at the beginning and during the war. After all the US military needed an Oil contractor to help with infrastructure needs. But when it was time to divvy up the oil contracts after it was over the US was hung out to dry.  




 $25-30 Million for building a company with 1000s of employees = bad 1%

$25-30 Million for verbally attacking the man who built a company with 1000s of employees = good 1%

good ol Reddit 




 Fantastic: extraordinarily good or attractive.  




 [China Is Reaping Biggest Benefits of Iraq Oil Boom](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/06/03/world/middleeast/china-reaps-biggest-benefits-of-iraq-oil-boom.html?pagewanted=1 _r=0 hp) 




 Farting. 




 Being excited about his death makes you an equal to the people he represented. IMO  




 The Chinese got most of the oil contracts. US companies were shut out. 














 Did they change the recipe sometime in the last couple of years? It seems like it has gotten sweeter or more syrupy? 




 I made it through 4 replays before thinking 'wtf am I doing?'.. 




 Dear American Patriots,

This is how you protest.

Sincerely,

Your fellow patriot. 




 China and Europe got most of the oil contracts. 




 My apologies, fellow Patriot. I felt a sudden responsibility to put that damn commie in his place. I will, in the future, overlook this good-for-nothn pinko. Again, fellow Patriot, I would like to apologize for feeding such scum. 




 I salute you, fellow Patriot. 




 Hey OP ever been a principal of a school in the projects? no? 




 I cannot force a company from overseas to continue to buy my product at an increased price. I can increase wages but I have contracts on product pricing. The customers that buy my products would buy from manufacturers overseas instead because they could get them cheaper. Does that make sense? We are not a US Economy. We are a world economy. My entire business is based on customers not based in the US. If my costs go up so does my product cost. My contracts would disappear leaving my company out of business and my employees out of a job. For the record Labor is one of the largest costs of making products. you seem to shove it aside as a non existent cost. 




 lol What you fail to understand is that if my labor costs change overnight I will be out of business in a month. Labor costs would be immediate. Revenue increases would not. I would be out of business before I ever saw a revenue increase. But you fail to understand that if my labor costs increase so does the cost of my product. So if the cost of goods increases where is the increase in pay? They will just be paying more for goods which would deplete any increase in pay they were afforded. You think things are black and white.. they are not. You can make it look good on paper all you want. Reality is it would be detrimental to our economy. 




 Why didn't he save the $1 Billion he just gave to Ukraine and use it for Science? 




 So now you are comparing BO to GW as if they are the same person? and what in the actual phhuck does Russia have to do with it? Get the phhuck out of here you damn commie bastard.  




 You act like they make it by ok on low margins. That is not the case. They have low margins on the products they sell but make up for it in membership fees. They wouldnt make it on low margins alone.  




 I am sorry but how did GW have anything to do with the mosque not being built? As an American who lost friends in the towers I personally thought it was insensitive to try and build a mosque down the street from the towers. But I am not GW. And GW had nothing to do with it not being built. You some damn commie or something?

"Ted Olson, former Solicitor General in the George W. Bush administration, whose wife, television commentator Barbara Olson, died in the plane that crashed into the Pentagon, has expressed support for the rights of the Park51 organizers to construct the new site." The only connection you will find between GW and Park51 




 I understand that if my labor costs increase my company goes out of business killing almost 1000 jobs. I do not need you or some elitist at a desk to tell me this. I see it. I experience it. It will disrupt the economy and cause even more poverty. It will cause more strain on our services. You cannot add $millions$ to my labor costs overnight and not expect a catastrophic event. My margins are so thin it would wipe us out overnight. This is reality, pal. Not some idea thought up on a university campus. 




 "Costco makes up for those low margins by charging a $55 annual membership fee of its 64 million members." 




 A considerable amount of people in this country just need a good ass whoopin. People are increasingly getting to a point where they believe their actions do not have consequences. A few good ass whoopins could cure some of this.  




 If we want to increase wages we must increase our investments in educating our work force for the new 21 century economy. There will be people that fall through the cracks but the change is coming whether we like it or not. We just have to make sure we are as ready as we can be. 
























  "My People" - Eric Holder 




 What evidence was left out? 




 Strong-Armed Robbery is not a petty crime. Attacking a police officer in their car and attempting to take their gun is also not a petty crime. Seems you have built the wrong profile for Mr. Brown. 




 It takes more evidence to convict someone than it does to indict someone. So, if there was not enough evidence to indict, how do you think there will be enough evidence to convict? 














 This is /r/politics....everything is "Off Topic" unless its a glowing review of Obamas nutsack.  









 "Why did I never hear about this?"

It's your first day on the internet?  




 Oh, look, its the guy that Michael "the Gentle Giant" Brown was [leading to Jesus Christ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhU28gAZf9c).  




 Were the legal immigrants that waited in line for years to come to this country allowed to work, live, and send their kids to school in the US while they waited?  




 Get out of here with your rational logic.  














 A *prison sentence*.. 




 Everyone on HuffPo and /r/politics missed that part, apparently. 




 Another reason Rand Paul gets my vote.  




 "All the better to see you with, my net," grinned the President and NSA. 




 I would gladly wait on Google Fiber until summer of '15. Be thankful. 




 [Courtesy Of The Red, White And Blue](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruNrdmjcNTc)

[Made in America](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MaAF_3WMJGM) 









 ####Damn commie! 




 "If you want to test a mans character, give him power." 




 Also, to add to your great explanation, Republicans are for States rights. Allowing the people of a State to determine whether the minimum wage increases is more in line with Republican ideals than a blanket federal increase. So, I do not see increased minimum wage on the State level as anything that would go against what Republicans believe in.  




 Whiskey or whisky? 









 lol 




 Why did the money and jobs leave? 




 I do see, from that link, that Fergusons violent crime averages are much higher than the US average. I would like to see 30 years of crime and demographic data on Ferguson. I have heard others mention that Ferguson was not a violent town until something changed. Jobs left and crime went on the climb.I wonder what changed to cause this shift.  




 What were the demographics and violent crime rate of Ferguson in, lets say, 1990? What is the demographics and violent crime rate of Ferguson today? I am genuinely curious.  




 wonder why all the jobs left.... 














 Anyone have any invites?  




  If it's priced right, I will buy it. If it's overpriced, I won't buy it.

Yet you buy Apple products....odd. 









 But I thought Democrats were against money in politics? 









 You have said nothing to explain your position. Just sensationalist headlines. Your comments are not based in reality. My comments are based from experience and the real world.  




 The concept of false racism conjured up in your own mind? 




 What? Locked out? How many more straws do you have left to grasp over there? I implore you to ask any IT manager how many resumes they get from minorities compared to whites. You have no idea what you are talking about.  




 For example: Our company is looking for a new CIO. Not one minority has applied for it. Is it the CEOs fault that only white people have applied for the job? Lets say he got 200 resumes and out of 200 resumes only one was a minority. Should he hire that minority just because they are a minority?  




 What race is the majority in the US? If there are more white people in the US I would suspect you would see more white 'bosses'. But what do I know. Its nice to see you generalize all white people and call them all racists. You believe that all white 'bosses' base their decisions on race instead of work ethic, education, and a desire to succeed. 




 So what privilege are they losing? I see what you are saying. If a conservative does not agree with what Obama is doing he is a wacko righty. If the left does not agree with what Obama is doing...what were we talking about again? oh yea.. Bad righty good lefty.. 




 "Obama's economic team chose Wall Street over 'families' " - Elizabeth Warren

Never really heard EW called a conservative. 





























 You are not looking hard enough, apparently. In recent days, Santa come early. 



















 **Top 17 contributors to the UN budget, 2013**

* United States - 22.000% of UN budget
* Japan- 10.833% of UN budget
* Germany	 - 7.141% of UN budget
* France - 5.593% of UN budget
* United Kingdom - 5.179% of UN budget
* China - 5.148% of UN budget
* Italy - 4.448% of UN budget
* Canada - 2.984% of UN budget
* Spain - 2.973% of UN budget
* Brazil - 2.934% of UN budget
* Russia - 2.438% of UN budget
* Australia - 2.074% of UN budget
* South Korea - 1.994% of UN budget
* Mexico - 1.842% of UN budget
* Netherlands - 1.654% of UN budget
* Turkey - 1.328% of UN budget
* Switzerland - 1.047% of UN budget
* Other member states 18.390% of UN budget 




 Would they offer the same service to the average Jimmy? 














 George Washington 









 Evil 1% white devil! 




 Difference being that if Americans truly wanted to change things they could, by force if need be. Australia? well, they're just pissing in the wind. Their government will never fear the people again.

"Where the people fear the government you have tyranny. Where the government fears the people you have liberty." - John Basil Barnhill 




 First they take your guns then they take....everything. 




 Have any iOS devices in your network? Start there.  




 [You ain't got no sugar?!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OT-hzA6nE_A) 




 Nothing is Obama's fault!                        ^^^/s 




 /r/politics 









 As well as the recipient and sender side of said emails. 

*I mean, did everyone in the chain just happen to have a hard drive crash with no back up or server side copy?!* 














  Revisionists argue that so-called eyewitness testimony is not always reliable.

So does [The American Psychological Association](http://www.apa.org/monitor/apr06/eyewitness.aspx). 









 Will they stone you to death or give you lashes? 




 Standards like the [fake newscast from Kuwait in 1990](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTWY14eyMFg)? I have watched CNN since the late 80s and do not recall them ever having "standards".. 














 Can you point to some specific reasons why you were impressed with Clinton as Sec. of State? Just curious. 




 But no one cares unless you are a violent felon and black.  




 He's white so no one cares. His privilege is getting in the way.  




 Who elects the city officials that oversee this?  




 And no riots? No looting? No burning the city to the ground? What gives? I am sure Eric Holder is meeting with the parents and launching a full investigation.  ^^/s 




 TIL Nirvana died. 




 At one point Clinton had a chance to bomb UBL but backed out at the last minute because UBL was being visited by Saudi royalty.

*I recall this from a documentary I watched on the history of UBL and Al-Qaeda. I believe the doc was on the History Channel. I may recall incorrectly* 




 **Average Approval Rating of Presidents:**

* Kennedy	- Average approval rating while in office: 70.1
* Eisenhower - Average approval rating while in office: 65.0
* Bush (G.H.W.)	- Average approval rating while in office: 60.9
* Clinton - Average approval rating while in office: 55.1
* Johnson - Average approval rating while in office: 55.1
* Reagan - Average approval rating while in office: 52.8
* Bush (G.W.) - Average approval rating while in office: 49.4
* Nixon - Average approval rating while in office: 49.1
* Obama - Average approval rating while in office: 48.0 *currently in office*
* Ford - Average approval rating while in office: 47.2
* Carter - Average approval rating while in office: 45.5
* Truman - Average approval rating while in office: 45.4

**List of Presidents that had an approval rating above 51% when leaving office:**

* Eisenhower
* Kennedy
* Ford
* Reagan
* Bush (G.H.W.B)
* Clinton 














 Only white people can commit hate crimes...  ^^^/s 




 * Eisenhower
* Kennedy
* Ford
* Reagan
* Bush (G.H.W.B)
* Clinton

List of Presidents that had approval ratings above 51% when leaving office. 




 * Kennedy	- Average approval rating while in office: 70.1
* Eisenhower - Average approval rating while in office: 65.0
* Bush (G.H.W.)	- Average approval rating while in office: 60.9
* Clinton - Average approval rating while in office: 55.1
* Johnson - Average approval rating while in office: 55.1
* Reagan - Average approval rating while in office: 52.8
* Bush (G.W.) - Average approval rating while in office: 49.4
* Nixon - Average approval rating while in office: 49.1
* Obama - Average approval rating while in office: 48.0 *currently in office*
* Ford - Average approval rating while in office: 47.2
* Carter - Average approval rating while in office: 45.5
* Truman - Average approval rating while in office: 45.4 
























 As someone who works 60-80 hrs a week, I would be thankful for a 40-hour work week. 









 *..get a rope.* 




 Who elected him? 









 A role model for all ages. 









 It was my subtle way of backing you up while spelling it out for omeezysheezy. I hope you are having an incredible day. 




 Got you to work, allowed your favorite products to be made, allows you to post comments on Reddit, etc. but nothing you would be interested in. 




 I will upvote this .gif every time its posted.  




 You mad, bro? 



















 It has not been proven false. In fact, the autopsy is actually in-line with the officers statements and that of other witness statements that said that there was a scuffle in the car and that Brown rushed the officer. The only place it has been proven false is in the minds of the many people that rushed to judgement and falsely convicted the officer in the court of public opinion. 









 Yes but Brown was shot for assaulting an officer not walking down the street. 




 I miss ol' Dubya. 




 Why would "my gun rights" people rush the hill to defend people that are doing anything they can to strip them of their gun rights? 














 Just as another option, [MXToolBox](http://mxtoolbox.com/Public/Content/Signup.aspx?page=subnet source=subnet action=blacklist:96.0.0.1) offers one free blacklist monitor when you sign up for a free account. 




 baecaughtmelooting.jpg 




 Animals. 









 Traveling before I got ingrained in the rat race.  




 Who continues to fund and lobby for it? 




 Sorta...but now we know as the US government has confirmed it to be true. 




 /r/politics = Obama's left nut. Everybody knows that. Why do you think they are not a default sub anymore?  
























 You come from a drive-thru society where you want everything to happen right when you want it to. That is not reality when it comes to politics or progress. Progress takes time. Meaningful progress takes generations.  














 No, I don't remember. I am someone that was in the streets protesting and remember millions of others protesting Bush, the Patriot Act, and the Iraq war. Bush was lambasted for the things he did. Are you too young to remember that or are you willfully forgetting? 




 Nothing is Obamas fault. I thought you knew that. 









 [Avast](http://download.cnet.com/Avast-Free-Antivirus-2014/3000-2239_4-10019223.html?part=dl-3001bpv2 pdl=1 ftag=DLA0c3d7d8) 














 Hobby Lobby should stop subsidizing their employees health insurance all-together and give them something to really complain about.  









 B-b-b-but, but Bush! 




 Glad it worked for you. Enjoy your day! 




 Have you tried [Revo](http://www.revouninstaller.com/revo_uninstaller_free_download.html)? 



















 That's cute. Must have dropped his bottle.  









 According to the article that is exactly what happened.  














 I read somewhere there were 23 Americans on board as well.  




 And now you know why I am for smaller federal government. The larger the federal government is the harder it is to hold it accountable.  









 I agree with you, but you are not helping the /r/politics anti-GOP circle jerk. /r/politics only likes anti-GOP comments, please and thank you. 














 and we all know that Democrats do not do this. They are angels. I thank jeebus every day for Democrats. So trustworthy and always looking out for the best interests of the people.  




 No, just Ted Cruz. The man is an embarrassment to himself. 




 I wish that man would go back to Canada.  




 What kind of answer are you expecting from a sub full of Democrats?  




 and think of the property taxes that can be increased and the revenue that can generated. 




 We are not a direct democracy. Direct Democracies, even when well-intentioned, can put minority groups who have less power at a disadvantage. 









 The Islamic State of Sweden 




 Looks like someone deserves a few weeks off with pay. 




 [Great comment](http://i.imgur.com/KdHhVq6.gif) 












































 Shows the kind of man he was. Understood what he was up against and made the right calls to get it done. That's what we call a leader, here in the States. Now look at Britain.. Couldn't protect themselves from a paper cut without the US military.

"Checkmate" - George Washington 









 [MRW I watch that video.](http://i.imgur.com/GhzjoRT.jpg) 




 George Washington showed you what we think of your kind. 

One of the leaders of the American Revolution visited England after the war. His host entertained him comfortably, but was the sort of fellow who constantly disparaged America and Americans generally and never could get over the fact we had beaten them in the war.

To amuse himself and to twit his American guest, the host hung a print of George Washington in his outhouse. It had been there for a few days, and the host knew the American must have seen it, but he had said nothing. Finally overcome by curiosity, the host asked his guest what he thought of the picture of Washington.

"It is most appropriately hung," the American replied. "Nothing ever made the British shit like the sight of George Washington." 




 "Washington was the only Southern slaveholding Founding Father among the top seven to emancipate his slaves after the American Revolution." 




 TIL that /r/TIL is anti-America and hates the founding fathers.  




 We do not care what Englishman think about us. We are Americans. You can keep your anti-American shit-stained mouth on that side of the pond. And, please, Churchill does not compare to George Washington. 




 Well said! 




 Hell, most sober drivers I see should have never been allowed behind the wheel.  




 Says the guy that voted for Obama. 




 I ripped the page out and hid it in my closet for safe keeping.  




 k 




 lol thats funny 




 Ask yourselves...Why would anyone want to give more money to the government? Are they spending your money wisely now? Do they have a tight budget that they adhere to? Would it matter if we had this extra revenue? How do you know it would help? The US Government does not use your money wisely now, what makes you think they will somehow become budget pros if they had this extra money? Where would the money go? Where would it be spent? How is your money being spent now?  




 Liar! Liberals tell me all the time that if you ban something unicorns appear.  




 "Give us more of your money. We are great cutting waste. We will give you the most bang for your buck. We spend your money wisely on stuff like $436 hammers and such. We need more!" - US Government 




 I just asked a poor person for a job and they said to let them know when I found one.  




 Top Gun is one of my favorite movies of all time but that doesn't mean Tom Cruise is *not* batshit crazy.  




 Racists are bigots but that does not mean bigots are racist. A racist is someone who believes in the superiority of one race over another, or who acts differently (usually negatively) towards a person or a group of people because of their race. A bigot is a blinkered, narrow-minded person, usually also very intolerant and unable to see anyone else's point of view. People can be bigoted about things that have nothing to do with race. 




 Kanye is one of those people that just needs a good ass-whoopin. Talk shit their entire lives until someone actually puts them in their place. No one has put Kanye in his place yet. With an ego like his, its bound to happen.  




 Kanye West is a racist bigot. 




 Kanye is a worthless pile of worm shit. 




 There were 17 producers credited on Beyonce's self-titled album.
You know who produced Beck's "Morning Phase"? Just Beck. A well-deserved award for an incredibly talented artist. Fuck you, Kanye! 




 And they blew it on housing dope smokers at the county jail and whores. 




 Sounds like your animal shelter employs a bunch of damn commies.  




 Once you hit 34 or 35 you start to get the, "You are a little older than I was looking for" or the "I can't get passed the age difference" responses. The first time I got one of these (I was 35) was the first time I said to myself, "I am officially getting old." Now I am in my 50s and still hoping I find the one. Wish me luck, guys! 




 [Tool - No Quarter](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ZKIfCJZvZo) (Cover)

[Led Zeppelin - No Quarter](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JJm8fZ6WS5Y) (Original)

Best cover ever! 




 k 




 A citation that will never come... /r/worldnews is partly an Obama fan club. Snowden could have been admired by /r/worldnews but the moment someone made Snowden more admired than Obama was the day /r/worldnews turned their backs on an American hero because how dare you admire someone more than our dear leader. 




 People who use the passing lane as the slow lane. 




 Vaccinations should be "voluntary". Giving the government the power to strap you down and put a needle in your arm is not something I could ever foresee me being supportive of. People should be vaccinated, but it should be up to the parents and not the government. More education on the subject? Sure. Forcing needles in peoples arm by government agencies? No, thank you. 




 ummmm, yes, I am here for the gilding..... I have cheeseburgers, if you are interested.  









 Did you forget the comment I was responding to? So are you saying that selling a 20oz water and some lottery tickets is not harmless? 




 Why does a gas station clerk keep a pistol under the counter? 




 I, for one, do not want a government that can force a needle in your arm. 




 [MRW I watch that video.](http://i.imgur.com/GhzjoRT.jpg) 














 That I did, accidentally. Thank you, fellow patriot.  




 It was an accidental mix up. My apologies, fellow patriot. Could you ask the patriot above you to come down from his horse and join us for a cold beer and slice of pie? 




 *First they came for the 5th amendment,*    
*and I didnt speak out because I had no reason to be arrested.*    
    
*Then they came for the 4th amendment,*    
*and I didnt speak out because I had not been searched.*    
    
*Then they came for the 2nd amendment,*    
*and I didnt speak out because I owned no guns.*    
    
*Then they came for the 1st amendment,...*        

Edit: Mixed up my freedom list. 




 I have been using Avast Endpoint Protection Plus on my servers -Per server license comes in 5pack. It has an Exchange feature. It can be pushed to clients. Its cheap and gets the job done. It's not the greatest solution on the market but if you need cheap it works. It is not as robust as Groupshield but has been great at capturing any type of infected file trying to get through and has a decent spam filter. 




 Instead they guaranteed the sell of a product for an entire industry. Damn those 1%'ers!! *wink* *wink* 




 Considering they were able to pass the Affordable Care Act without Republican votes would make me assume that Democrats are the reason that Democrats could not get single-payer health care through Congress. 




 ["Roll'n with the homies..."](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLC5voGUp0I) 




 Former linebacker, guaranteed! 




 Does Venezuela have a 2nd Amendment? 




 Changed my views on the man. Really enjoyed that doc. Also, another good one to watch is, [The World Without US](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bLUQgIsJMPc). Its not pro-Republican but a great middle of the road look at what the world would be like without the US. A great foreign policy doc.  




 I was wondering. The top comment has the same GUID procedure as my link. I just thought that maybe OP didn't read my comment. Thanks! 




 And the DWORD entry is Decimal?

Edit: Also, if nothing else has worked, try making the size limit something like 3 times the size of current DB size instead of 8000. How much storage do you have where this DB is located? You can also try recreating the registry entry by following the [walk-through](http://tinyurl.com/qzarslk) on technet.  




 Make sure you are running the latest updates. Are you running low on storage? Did you make this registry change? If so, did you restart Information Store? Still having issues? 




 So glad I live in a country where citizens have the means to protect themselves.  




 ....and wind up ~~in ditches~~ as Engineers with some other company.  




 I could have possibly worded my post a little different to keep from confusion. No apologies needed, but thanks! 




 I was not trashing your post. I am trashing our elected officials. I am very happy to see this still in discussion. I am just pointing out that we need to do more. We need to guarantee the passage and enforcement of this legislation. We are the voters. We are the only ones who can enforce it. The fact that all we ever have is discussion and nothing actually happens is not where we want to be. I appreciate your post and your continued efforts to keep the word out. 




 God gave us free will. He does not pick and choose our battles. 




 [...i don't know what we're yelling about?!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCVHpnixj88) 




 There is a reason it is no longer a default sub. /r/politics is nothing more than the left nut of the Democrats sack.  




 Warren is too left leaning to win the general. Anyone that believes otherwise is lying to themselves...same for Bernie Sanders. 









 When one of these States actually passes said legislation and enforces it, I will believe something is actually being done about it. I see lots of *make us feel good* legislation being proposed but nothing actually being done.  




 ###"Roger, go at throttle up"


*While the storm clouds gather far across the sea,*    
*Let us swear allegiance to a land that's free,*    
*Let us all be grateful for a land so fair,*    
*As we raise our voices in a solemn prayer.*    
*God bless America,*    
*Land that I love,*    
*Stand beside her, and guide her*    
*Through the night with a light from above.*    
*From the mountains, to the prairies,*    
*To the oceans, white with foam*    
*God bless America, My home sweet home*    
*God bless America, My home sweet home.*     




 "go at throttle up"

"Roger, go at throttle up,"

 




 agreed! I deal with perpetual burnout because of things like this.  




 [Album](http://imgur.com/a/rDFCA#0) 









 This is a prime example of why we need bigger governments.  ^^^/s 




 That is a beautiful bird. 




 Just because a key works does not mean it is legitimately legal for you to use that key. I would guess those keys being sold are violating Microsoft's licensing terms. 









 Millions of people would die if we attacked North Korea. South Korea is a densely populated area. North Korea has nuclear capability and the rockets to carry it with....at-least rockets that can reach South Korea. It's not a B W scenario. Waiting is the best option, at this point, unless China changes their policy.  




 haha... Good luck finding a legitimate copy of Windows 7 for $20. 




 Don't forget [ActBlue](https://secure.actblue.com/). You can *bank on them*. 




 Fuck you, Jenny! ^^...and ^^you ^^too, ^^Carly! 




 Black people perpetuate black stereotypes. 




 You are not the first person I have seen/heard say that about Wilson. I did not get to watch the game. Can you elaborate? 




 This cant be true. Republicans are the party of the rich. ^^^^^/s 









 Getting divorced ain't cheap.  




 Could have used that the other night at 2 a.m., on site, after a 19 hour day. Became a 22 hour day instead. 




 Great find! 




 All French should keep their weapons on them. French citizens should be able to defend themselves, not just cops and military. 




 I know many Evangelicals that voted for Romney and would do it again. 




 Does this mean we can call them "French Fries", again? 




 [But is it a purty mouth?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jVDN8yR3ig0) 




 Remi...Remind...RemindMe! 7 days 

*waves stick around like a wand*

Mine seems broken, guys.  









 I do not have the palate some of you more experienced drinkers may have. I may just not know how to understand my palate. Scotch is my favorite to drink. I am a sipper. 1-2 ounces is usually as much as I will drink in one setting. What I do know is that Oban 14 is my favorite Scotch. I love the taste. I cannot explain it the way some of you do. All I can say is I love the taste and it has been my fav Scotch for some time. I do try different types of Scotch any chance I get. I just had the Glenmorangie Nectar Dor 12 and enjoyed that very much. 




 Masons do much good for their local communities. They have earned their respect. 




 I personally have watched multiple illegal immigrants get employed using false documents. We actually uncovered a document scheme at a company I used to consult for. A legal immigrant was providing stolen documents for illegal workers. Had been doing it for 10+ years. Had provided documents to 1000s of illegals. The documents being provided got them through eVerify with no problems. This is just one company I consulted for in the past. eVerify is only as strong as the border and enforcement. The point is, if you are breaking the law you should be held accountable. Whether its knowingly hiring illegal workers or being in this country illegally. If you are here illegally then you are breaking the law. Those that are breaking the law should be punished. Secure the border, fund and push enforcement, verify legal status and deport those that are here illegally.  




 We shouldn't have protected classes at all. All classes should be equally protected under the law. 




 I am all for giving more funding to ICE and enforcement. I would like to see more deportations and raids. I do however disagree with the article that "The border security issue is, at this point, 90 to 95 percent solved," If this is so then how are millions of immigrants (almost 12 million - 800k annually) still crossing our borders? 




 All expenses paid including airfare, free jumpsuit, and all the Britney Spears music you can handle. 




 You failed to answer my question. How do you punish businesses, which majority are following all rules, when the illegal immigrants are using legitimate SS numbers that are stolen? All I got from your comment was blah blah blah blame Reagan blah blah blah Amnesty.  




 How do you punish a business when illegal immigrants are using stolen SS numbers that pass eVerify checks? You must punish the people doing the crime...the ILLEGAL immigrant. 









 Thank god! 









 Hi, Elon! 

What is your favorite cartoon?

Thanks for the AMA! 




 You can view the twitter account of the girl in the video from the link provided by /u/nickeynickey123. She is clearly responding to the video and saying that no story has been right about this. She is trying to get on the Ellen Show to set the record straight.  




 I wouldn't have called Chris Berman, *stiff*.  




 I'm here for the gangbang....of OP's mom. 




 I'm here for the rustl'n. 




 Anti-American circle jerk up in here. 




 Raging psychopaths with a hard-on for destruction and power? 




 Marco Polo 




 George Washington is the only correct answer. 




 Gulf War (90-91). *Desert Storm* 




 Be careful. Intellectual Property (IP) lawyers are not fun to deal with. Disney has the best there is. 




 [As do I, fellow patriot.](http://imgur.com/r/MURICA/X9DLci9) 









 Only about 8% of the total US population owned slaves and only about 20% of southern whites owned slaves. There were also slave owners that were black.  




 And what is the legal definition of torture in this context? 




 Funny that you left the Democrats out. Partisan, eh? 




 How much did that blessing cost? 




 Both sides were formal Military and could be distinguished on the battlefield per Geneva Conventions. Al-Qaeda terrorists do not follow the rules of the GC. Completely different scenarios...legally. 




 Hillary cannot win the general. 




 So, you fail to understand that anywhere you go, in a first world country, you will be living under American rule or Communist rule. Enjoy! 









 Just trying to understand where you think you can move that is *not* under the protection of the US Military, has a better human rights record, and was not involved in the secret rendition program. Enjoy your pick of many 3rd world countries. Just do us a favor... after you reach your new destination, and realize how great you had it in the States, do not come crawling back to the US. We don't take too kindly to traitors like you. 




 So, you will move to China? Such a beacon of democracy and human rights. 




 lol you mean your new country that is protected by the US military and also took part in the secret rendition program? Ok, then. 




 Don't let the door hit you on the way out. 



















 You do realize that Obama and Pelosi are the sole reason they can never be tried, correct? [Example](http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2012/aug/31/obama-justice-department-immunity-bush-cia-torturer) 




 Not completely. Every elderly person I know has some form of private insurance on top of Medicare. If Medicare is so great, why do they need a second form of insurance? 




 [You can change which wireless network takes priority.](http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2526067) Scroll down this page until you see *Steps to change wireless network connection priority in Windows 7*.

Of course, this is all assuming you are running Windows OS. 

Edit: Link 




 They show ads for most things..that doesn't make me jump off my couch and go buy it. Why? Because I can think for myself and make my own choices in life.  




 But its reality. 




 Why do you need luck? Pay it back!  




 He did not kill himself because of money. Guaranteed.  




 You mean like losing your home, cars, life savings, and children in a divorce? I see what you are saying. Paying back a loan you signed for is much worse than losing everything you have because you married a pussy with an attitude.  




 People make mistakes. There are repercussions for mistakes. I have made mistakes in my life. You have made mistakes in your life. But those are mistakes we made. Those mistakes were based on choices we made. We must deal with the repercussions of those mistakes. Either we learn from it or we dont. Its not someone elses fault that we made the choice. We made it with our own free will. Someone else did not make that choice for us. We must own up to our own mistakes in life and learn from them. Blaming others will do nothing for us.  




 Then do not get one if you cannot afford the interest on it. 




 You should never sign anything unless you KNOW, not think, know what you are signing.  




 I am saying that if you sign a contract then be prepared to deal with the repercussions. The entire argument of the cat or knees is irrelevant as it would be illegal to write that into the contract. You are grasping at straws. People should be able to enter into any contract they want as long as it does not affect someone else directly. If I sign a contract saying that I am being loaned $100 and that contract says that the interest will be 75% if I do not pay it back on time, who is the idiot? I would never sign anything like that. There are millions of poor people. Do you know why those millions of poor people do not rob the grocery stores on a daily basis? Because there are repercussions to robbing that store. You will go to jail. Repercussions for actions. Is it cool that poor people that cannot feed their families will go to jail if they steal a loaf of bread? not cool, no. but its reality. If you make a choice there are repercussions for that choice.  




 Physical violence is illegal. Charging interest on a loan is not.  




 Again, why sign something if you do not understand what you are signing? He physically signed his name to that piece of paper. He had every opportunity to turn around and walk out. He had every opportunity to read the contract. I have no problem with people taking loans if they need the money. I do have a problem with people taking other peoples money, signing a contract to pay it back, proceed to not pay it back, and then blame the lender. The lender offers a service. If you do not want their service, do not use it. There are millions of poor people. Do you know why those millions ofpoor people do not rob the grocery stores on a daily basis? Because there are repercussions to robbing that store. You will go to jail.  




 This is just a liberal website using the death of a kid to further their anti-capitalist agenda. Sorry for your loss.  




 It says right there in the contract what the interest will be when you fail to pay the loan on time. It says right there. And this was not this kids only option.. give me a break. If he was so down on his luck and could not afford to live then he should have sold his ipad, iphone, shut off his internet, his cable tv, and just got the basics in life. He chose to use payday loans because getting rid of the other "needs", they are wants not needs, was too unbearable to think of.  




 Maybe I am... but how does that change the fact that this kid made a choice. He signed a contract know what the repercussions were of failing to follow through with his end of the contract. He made his choices. And there were repercussions for those choices. On top of that he made a selfish choice to leave his family here to deal with his death.  




 No, I grew up very poor. I was also very poor while I was in college. I lived on bologna, water, and kept my electric and water on. That was it. I did not go sign contracts I could not pay back. I scrimped by. I went without. I lived in the bottom of the barrel for most of my life. What I didnt do was take someone elses money without paying it back and then blame them for it.  




 How is it a trap if its spelled out in the contract that you sign? If you cannot afford to pay back the loan or cannot follow through with your contractual agreement, then do not sign a contract.  




 Exactly. Maybe he did not see an ad at all? Or maybe he wasnt as broke as its made out to be. Maybe he was spending his money on cable tv, internet, ipads, etc. Maybe he saw the ad on the internet. If he was so broke, he should not have had anyway to post on Facebook before his death. When I was broke I had electricity, bologna, bread, and water. That was it.  




 Who took out the loan? When you sign the loan that says they will kill your cat if you its not paid back, do not be surprised when they kill your cat. Do not sign something if you are not prepared to deal with the repercussions. 




 If you have a job there is no excuse for not feeding your kids. Turn off the cable and put down the $500 cell phone.  




 An advertisement does not force you to do anything. You still have to make the choice to purchase the product they are selling. Its not the advertisers fault you made the choice you did. They sell a product. It is your choice to buy that product or not. If you cannot afford something, do not buy it. Its very simple, actually.  




  Some borrow even when they know they wont be able to pay it back.

And that is their choice. There are repercussions to choices we make.  




 Or, you know, get a job and feed your kids. 




 Guess he should have paid it back to the terms of his contract. He knew it would do that. Its in the contract.  




 You mean you took responsibility for your own actions? How dare you! 




 Who cares what the advert says. How are they watching adverts if they cant afford to live? He made a choice. He was not forced to take that loan out. Stop blaming others for peoples personal choices in life. Nothing made him do anything. He chose to do it. I do not care what the advert said... he made the choice.  




 Have to place the blame somewhere. Personal responsibility no longer exists to these people.  




 Do you know how stressful it is using an iPhone 5s when the 6 is out? 




 How could he afford those tablets? 




 So you paid it back, learned a lesson, and didn't kill yourself over it? Glad you took responsibility for you own choice and paid it back. You kept good on your word.  




 I have been without. I would not take someone elses money on contract if I was not going to pay it back. If I needed to feed my family I would work  and earn a paycheck to feed them. How could he afford those pills he OD'd on if he could not afford food? He had Facebook... how did he have Facebook if he could not feed his family?  




 He killed himself. No one else did it for him. He did this to himself. He is responsible for his death. He made the choice to end his life.  




 iPhone 6 




 Or, you know, don't take a loan out you cannot pay back. It's very simple. Personal choices have repercussions.  




 Everyone is given the terms of the contract before they sign it. If you cannot handle the possible repercussions of the contract, do not sign it. Take responsibility for your life. Stop blaming someone else for peoples own personal mistakes. 




 Yahoo, AOL, and IRC chatrooms.... A/S/L ? *train_subject1917 has joined the room* 




 I understand. Glad this will work for you. Enjoy your day. 









 Update to 8.1. [Enable boot to desktop](http://www.pcworld.com/article/2043243/how-to-boot-to-desktop-mode-in-windows-8-1.html). Install [Classic Shell](http://www.classicshell.net/). Enjoy! 




 Hope and Change 
























 Caliphate News Network (CNN) 










































































 The title is what got me, I think. This bill would not stop spying on Americans. It would just make it harder for them to use company dbs for their spying. They still have many other tools to use. I apologize if I came off a little brash.  




 I agree! I believe when we build support for incremental bills like this we should always continue to inform people that the fight is not over. That this is not the cure. That there is still much to do. I just know once this bill gets passed you will hear things like, "They just passed that bill that requires the gov to have a warrant to collect your data. We won!" and that would be far from reality. So, when discussing bills like this we must fight for their passage but also press the fact that this is not over. We would still have many mtns to climb. Defense of the Constitution is a constant battle. Its under attack from all sides, every day.  




 I agree it would be a move in the right direction but would passing this bill close the door on discussions of the gov still collecting data? I am afraid people will take this bill as, "They no longer collect our data." Which would be false. This could lead to the discussion losing steam and nothing ever being done about the gov collection. They do not need company DBs to collect your data. So, what is stopping that? 




 IF that is what they are saying then it would be a good thing. But what about the US Government collecting information in their own DBs without a warrant? Would that still be in effect? 




 Reps. Ted Poe (R-TX, 2nd), Zoe Lofgren (D-CA, 19th), and Thomas Massie (R-KY, 4th) said in a statement Wednesday that the bill -- the End Warrantless Surveillance of Americans Act -- would force the government to get a warrant before it can access **databases** containing American data.

This statement worries me. Does this mean they can still collect the data but can only access it if they have a warrant? That would still mean there are large DBs with all of your communications stored in them. How would this DB be protected? What kind of safeguards would be in place to prevent malicious intent? 

I would prefer them not to store any data on Americans unless a warrant has been issued.  




 Colbert is a political leader? news to me. 




 France should sell Qatar more fighter jets. 




 Americans give more to charity than any other group of people on Earth. The wealthiest man on Earth, Bill Gates -White, rich and American-, is also the biggest philanthropist on Earth.  



















 At the time of me posting this comment 7 of the top 10 stories on /r/politics are about Bernie Sanders.  



















 Still holding... 




 Looks like Jon could pay more in taxes. Its ridiculous for him to spend all this wealth on farm animals while the poor need more welfare. Tax him 75% and feed the poor. 




 Send in the drones. 




 Don't see any poor white, asian, or latino people looting... 




  #blackriotsmatter 




 Most black people are racist. 



















 [Loretta Lynch Has No Problem With Civil Asset Forfeiture](http://www.forbes.com/sites/georgeleef/2014/11/25/loretta-lynch-has-no-problem-with-civil-asset-forfeiture-and-thats-a-problem/) 




 They did then. 




 Just realized that Veeam endpoint free is also supported on Server 2008 R2 SP1  2012 R2. TIL 





























 Racist bigots! ^^^^^/s 









 Can anyone provide a list of all Senators that support this bill? 









 The only solution is bigger government and less accountability.  




 Equality...*kinda*.. 




 The only solution is bigger government. 




 [Ha!](http://i.imgur.com/Y3d8Z4X.gifv) 




 I Stand With Rand 




 That town is so racist that they elected a black Mayor.  














 The only solution is bigger government. Need more of them taxes too. 




 The only solution is bigger government. Need more of them taxes too. 









 Damn those 1%'ers!! *wink wink* 




 Except for hookers and blow. 














 I was with you until your last sentence. Rands record speaks for itself on this issue. He has been fighting illegal NSA activities for some time now. 




 Paul sued the NSA for their illegal activities. He has also co-sponsored legislation to end it. Saying he is only coming out with this stance for the election is completely false. 




 Blaming Paul for Obamas broken promises? 




 So, are you blaming Rand for Obamas broken promises? 




 He has sued the NSA for their illegal activities. He has co-sponsored legislation to end their illegal activities.  




 "Stop the illegal activities of the NSA!" - Reddit

"I will stop the illegal activities of the NSA." - Rand Paul

"Screw you, Rand! I hate you! Grrr!" Reddit 














 Are you using Windows OS? If so, what version? Windows has a built in backup utility. Here is a list of free backup utilities I have used. I have had good experiences with each one:

* [Windows Backup](http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/back-up-programs-system-settings-files#1TC=windows-7)    
* [Macrium Reflect Free](http://www.macrium.com/reflectfree.aspx)    
* [Paragon Back and Recovery Free](http://www.paragon-software.com/home/br-free/)    
* [EaseUS Todo Free Backup](http://www.todo-backup.com/products/home/free-backup-software.htm) 




 Is that why the larger our government becomes the more influenced by the elite it is? Its larger now than at any time in our history and is more influence now than at any time in our history. The smaller it is the easier it is to hold accountable. State rights and small federal government. Harder to defend the people? Do you know how many domestic federal police agencies there are? lol  




 The larger the government is the more impossible it becomes to hold accountable.  




 Police brutality is racist.    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^/s 




 Funny there is no mention that the cop is black. If he was white his race would be in the title.  




 My nephew overwrote my Morrowind save files. 




 Sounds like we need a bigger government and more taxes. 









 [Witness testimony is unreliable.](http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/do-the-eyes-have-it/) 




 Because that cop is black. 




 The beginning of the video shows they were fighting over the taser. You can see it drop to the ground and drag behind Scott.  




 The beggining of the video shows they were fighting over the taser. 




 What about the black cop that helped him cover it up? 




 His actions like suing the NSA or attempting to pass legislation to end its overreach? Those actions? 




 Fry the little shit. 




 I stand with Rand. 




 Except for the fact that Rand has sued the NSA for what they are doing. Has tried to pass legislation to end it. Obama has done nothing but say things.  




 But Paul has actually sued the NSA for what they are doing. He is trying to fight them. Something Obama never did.  
























 Earning that Peace Prize. 




 People are shit. 




 The only solution is a bigger government. Need more of them taxes too. 




 It's backards. 




 *STANDWITHRAND* 




 I have so many memories of listening to music from both of you. Thank you!    
**What would you be if you were not musicians?**    
Thank you for the AMA! 




 [The French do not seem too happy about it. "France claims Kerry team caved to keep Iranians at the table, get a deal"](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2015/04/03/multiple-us-concessions-drove-iran-nuclear-talks-to-framework-deal-report/) 




 I would vote for a rabid dog before I would vote for Feinstein.  




 Just imagine the people that vote for her. 



















 *train_subject1917 has entered the room.*

 18/F/CA  














 Its illegal to carry a gun while under the influence of alcohol. 









 Canon imageCLASS  




 Are we the same person? 




 Jurisdiction. They probably passed through multiple jurisdictions during the chase. 














  "One way or the other, we are determined to deny Iraq the capacity to develop weapons of mass destruction and the missiles to deliver them. That is our bottom line." - President Clinton, Feb. 4, 1998.    

 "If Saddam rejects peace and we have to use force, our purpose is clear. We want to seriously diminish the threat posed by Iraq's weapons of mass destruction program." - President Clinton, Feb. 17, 1998.    

 "Iraq is a long way from [here], but what happens there matters a great deal here. For the risks that the leaders of a rogue state will use nuclear, chemical or biological weapons against us or our allies is the greatest security threat we face." - Madeline Albright, Feb 18, 1998.    

 "He will use those weapons of mass destruction again, as he has ten times since 1983." - Sandy Berger, Clinton National Security Adviser, Feb, 18, 1998    

 "[W]e urge you, after consulting with Congress, and consistent with the U.S. Constitution and laws, to take necessary actions (including, if appropriate, air and missile strikes on suspect Iraqi sites) to respond effectively to the threat posed by Iraq's refusal to end its weapons of mass destruction programs." - Letter to President Clinton, signed by Sens. Carl Levin, Tom Daschle, John Kerry, and others Oct. 9, 1998.    

 "Saddam Hussein has been engaged in the development of weapons of mass destruction technology which is a threat to countries in the region and he has made a mockery of the weapons inspection process." - Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D, CA), Dec. 16, 1998.    

 "Hussein has ... chosen to spend his money on building weapons of mass destruction and palaces for his cronies." - Madeline Albright, Clinton Secretary of State, Nov. 10, 1999.    

 "There is no doubt that . Saddam Hussein has reinvigorated his weapons programs. Reports indicate that biological, chemical and nuclear programs continue apace and may be back to pre-Gulf War status. In addition, Saddam continues to redefine delivery systems and is doubtless using the cover of a licit missile program to develop longer-range missiles that will threaten the United States and our allies." - Letter to President Bush, Signed by Sen. Bob Graham (D, FL,) and others, Dec, 5, 2001.    

 "We begin with the common belief that Saddam Hussein is a tyrant and a threat to the peace and stability of the region. He has ignored the mandate of the United Nations and is building weapons of mass destruction and the means of delivering them." - Sen. Carl Levin (d, MI), Sept. 19, 2002.    

 "We know that he has stored secret supplies of biological and chemical weapons throughout his country. Iraq's search for weapons of mass destruction has proven impossible to deter and we should assume that it will continue for as long as Saddam is in power." - Al Gore, Sept. 23, 2002.    

 "We have known for many years that Saddam Hussein is using and developing weapons of mass destruction." - Sen. Ted Kennedy (D, MA), Sept. 27, 2002.    

 "The last UN weapons inspectors left Iraq in October 1998. We are confident that Saddam Hussein retains some stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons, and that he has since embarked on a crash course to build up his chemical and biological warfare capabilities. Intelligence reports indicate that he is seeking nuclear weapons." - Sen. Robert Byrd (D, WV), Oct. 3, 2002.    

 "I will be voting to give the President of the United States the authority to use force  if necessary  to disarm Saddam Hussein because I believe that a deadly arsenal of weapons of mass destruction in his hands is a real and grave threat to our security." - Sen. John F. Kerry (D, MA), Oct. 9, 2002.    

 "There is unmistakable evidence that Saddam Hussein is working aggressively to develop nuclear weapons and will likely have nuclear weapons within the next five years . We also should remember we have alway s underestimated the progress Saddam has made in development of weapons of mass destruction." - Sen. Jay Rockerfeller (D, WV), Oct 10, 2002    

 "He has systematically violated, over the course of the past 11 years, every significant UN resolution that has demanded that he disarm and destroy his chemical and biological weapons, and any nuclear capacity. This he has refused to do." - Rep. Henry Waxman (D, CA), Oct. 10, 2002.    

 "In the four years since the inspectors left, intelligence reports show that Saddam Hussein has worked to rebuild his chemical and biological weapons stock, his missile delivery capability, and his nuclear program. He has also given aid, comfort, and sanctuary to terrorists, including al Qaeda members. It is clear, however, that if left unchecked, Saddam Hussein will continue to increase his capacity to wage biological and chemical warfare, and will keep trying to develop nuclear weapons." - Sen. Hillary Clinton (D, NY), Oct 10, 2002    

 "We are in possession of what I think to be compelling evidence that Saddam Hussein has, and has had for a number of years, a developing capacity for the production and storage of weapons of mass destruction. "[W]ithout question, we need to disarm Saddam Hussein. He is a brutal, murderous dictator, leading an oppressive regime ... He presents a particularly grievous threat because he is so consistently prone to miscalculation. And now he has continued deceit and his consistent grasp for weapons of mass destruction ... So the threat of Saddam Hussein with weapons of mass destruction is real." - Sen. John F. Kerry (D, MA), Jan. 23. 2003.     




 miss my jncos... :( 




 k 









 The only solution is raising taxes and increasing the size of government. 




 "I would say it is the most secretive White House that I have ever been involved in covering, and that includes  I spent 22 years of my career in Washington and covered presidents from President Reagan on up through now, and I was Washington bureau chief of the Times during George W. Bush's first term, I dealt directly with the Bush White House when they had concerns that stories we were about to run put the national security under threat. But, you know, they were not pursuing criminal leak investigations," she continued. "The Obama administration has had seven criminal leak investigations. That is more than twice the number of any previous administration in our history. It's on a scale never seen before. This is the most secretive White House that, at least as a journalist, I have ever dealt with." - Former New York Times Executive Editor Jill Abramson, January 2014 




 "I would say it is the most secretive White House that I have ever been involved in covering, and that includes  I spent 22 years of my career in Washington and covered presidents from President Reagan on up through now, and I was Washington bureau chief of the Times during George W. Bush's first term, I dealt directly with the Bush White House when they had concerns that stories we were about to run put the national security under threat. But, you know, they were not pursuing criminal leak investigations," she continued. "The Obama administration has had seven criminal leak investigations. That is more than twice the number of any previous administration in our history. It's on a scale never seen before. This is the most secretive White House that, at least as a journalist, I have ever dealt with." - Former New York Times Executive Editor Jill Abramson, January 2014 




 Microsoft also offers free web-based office that is comparable to Google Docs. Anyone that would say Google Docs is vastly superior to Microsoft Office does not know what they are talking about.  




 The only solution is bigger government. 




 [MRW after reading the comments in here.](http://i.imgur.com/TIeY5KJ.jpg) 









 How, exactly, do you gerrymander the Senate? 




 Burping and farting while zipping up my pants after a long alcohol induced piss. 




 Boot the computer and when you see the Dell splash/bios screen immediately start pressing Ctrl+F11.

So, I am assuming that this disc from your friend was not a Dell OEM disk. Probably a retail copy.

Is there a Windows license sticker on the bottom of your laptop? Check under the battery, as well. Key retrievers will not give you the correct key on OEM installs, FME. Try to find that license sticker. If you find the correct key we may be able to use the retail copy of the DVD.

Try calling Dell support and requesting a reinstallation DVD. They *were* allowing 1 per customer but I am not sure how old your system is or if they are still doing this for Win7 machines.

If Dell will not ship you the DVD try locating a Dell Windows 7 Home Premium 64bit DVD. Ask your friends and family. If you can get your hands on this DVD it *should not* ask you for a key. 




 Do not use your friends key. You have a key, correct?

A few questions:    

What version of Windows was installed on the laptop when purchased? Windows 7 Home Premium? 32bit or 64bit?    

What version of Windows is your product key for?    

How did you restore it? What procedure did you use?    

Have you tried Ctrl+F11 just to make sure the recovery partition is no longer there? 




 Have you tried Dells built-in system recovery? Ctrl+F11 at boot. Of course, if you wiped the drive, including the recovery partition, during a clean install this will not work. Also, do you have a Dell OEM Windows 7 Home Premium DVD or know someone that has one?
    
    
**TO ANYONE READING THIS:**    
*If you purchase a new computer, please take a moment and create the recovery discs on first boot of a new system. Most manufacturers come with pre-loaded software and a recovery partition to create these discs.* 




 lol wat? 









 The only solution is bigger government. 




 Even let her choose where to go and what to watch? Do you throw your ace of spades the first hand? 




 Do you know how hard it is to find a job with 6 months vacation, free rent, free healthcare, and a Starbucks next door?  




 haha a comment thread of pissed off fanboys.  




 The only solution is bigger government. They have our best interests at heart. 




 /r/Murica would like a word with you, fellow patriot. 




 lol ditto 









 And here you are bringing absolutely nothing to the table but a rant about comments. 

Thanks for your input.  




 haha, I have never met a Christian that has said anything of the sort. Not saying they do not exist but I live in the bible belt. Grew up southern baptist. The major reason I see or hear is confusion. Older people like things simple. On one side you have people saying its bad for you. On the other side its the cure for all things. Then you have the government that classifies it as harmful as heroin. Now you have to understand that majority of these elderly people have probably never tried marijuana. They only know that the US government says its as bad as heroin and that the news tells them that people who smoke pot are potheads and lazy. These elderly probably grew up during the aftermath of the Reefer Madness days. Then you had the 60s anti war demonstrators and the hippies who were portrayed as anarchists, murders, soldier haters. etc. In my experience, religion is the least reason people in the bible belt are anti legalization. With all that said, where do the majority of elderly retire? The south....the Bible belt. So its a catch all for the elderly who in turn has anti marijuana views because of the way its been portrayed to them the last 70-80 years. Some people will vote against on religious grounds. The majority? Not so much.  




 I am a bible thumper and I support legalization. I know many bible thumpers with similar views as mine. You know, it could be elderly people that have been manipulated their entire life by US government propaganda against Marijuana that is keeping it from happening. No religion required.  




 Netgear devices do come with a "Guest Network". 




 Did they ask Hillary the same question? What was her response? 




 A bigger government is the only solution. ^^^^/s 




 Time to come together as a society and ban toddlers. *Think of the children.* 




 Bigger government is the only solution. ^^^^/s 




 Well said 




 So long, freedom of speech, it was nice knowing you.  




 Did she buy him flowers? 




 "I would say it is the most secretive White House that I have ever been involved in covering, and that includes  I spent 22 years of my career in Washington and covered presidents from President Reagan on up through now, and I was Washington bureau chief of the Times during George W. Bush's first term, I dealt directly with the Bush White House when they had concerns that stories we were about to run put the national security under threat. But, you know, they were not pursuing criminal leak investigations," she continued. "The Obama administration has had seven criminal leak investigations. That is more than twice the number of any previous administration in our history. It's on a scale never seen before. This is the most secretive White House that, at least as a journalist, I have ever dealt with." - Former New York Times Executive Editor Jill Abramson, January 2014 




 My kind of people right there. 




 Lets take a look at the rhetoric before the Iraq war, shall we?    

 "One way or the other, we are determined to deny Iraq the capacity to develop weapons of mass destruction and the missiles to deliver them. That is our bottom line." - President Clinton, Feb. 4, 1998.    

 "If Saddam rejects peace and we have to use force, our purpose is clear. We want to seriously diminish the threat posed by Iraq's weapons of mass destruction program." - President Clinton, Feb. 17, 1998.    

 "Iraq is a long way from [here], but what happens there matters a great deal here. For the risks that the leaders of a rogue state will use nuclear, chemical or biological weapons against us or our allies is the greatest security threat we face." - Madeline Albright, Feb 18, 1998.    

 "He will use those weapons of mass destruction again, as he has ten times since 1983." - Sandy Berger, Clinton National Security Adviser, Feb, 18, 1998    

 "[W]e urge you, after consulting with Congress, and consistent with the U.S. Constitution and laws, to take necessary actions (including, if appropriate, air and missile strikes on suspect Iraqi sites) to respond effectively to the threat posed by Iraq's refusal to end its weapons of mass destruction programs." - Letter to President Clinton, signed by Sens. Carl Levin, Tom Daschle, John Kerry, and others Oct. 9, 1998.    

 "Saddam Hussein has been engaged in the development of weapons of mass destruction technology which is a threat to countries in the region and he has made a mockery of the weapons inspection process." - Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D, CA), Dec. 16, 1998.    

 "Hussein has ... chosen to spend his money on building weapons of mass destruction and palaces for his cronies." - Madeline Albright, Clinton Secretary of State, Nov. 10, 1999.    

 "There is no doubt that . Saddam Hussein has reinvigorated his weapons programs. Reports indicate that biological, chemical and nuclear programs continue apace and may be back to pre-Gulf War status. In addition, Saddam continues to redefine delivery systems and is doubtless using the cover of a licit missile program to develop longer-range missiles that will threaten the United States and our allies." - Letter to President Bush, Signed by Sen. Bob Graham (D, FL,) and others, Dec, 5, 2001.    

 "We begin with the common belief that Saddam Hussein is a tyrant and a threat to the peace and stability of the region. He has ignored the mandate of the United Nations and is building weapons of mass destruction and the means of delivering them." - Sen. Carl Levin (d, MI), Sept. 19, 2002.    

 "We know that he has stored secret supplies of biological and chemical weapons throughout his country. Iraq's search for weapons of mass destruction has proven impossible to deter and we should assume that it will continue for as long as Saddam is in power." - Al Gore, Sept. 23, 2002.    

 "We have known for many years that Saddam Hussein is useing and developing weapons of mass destruction." - Sen. Ted Kennedy (D, MA), Sept. 27, 2002.    

 "The last UN weapons inspectors left Iraq in October1998. We are confident that Saddam Hussein retains some stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons, and that he has since embarked on a crash course to build up his chemical and biological warfare capabilities. Intelligence reports indicate that he is seeking nuclear weapons." - Sen. Robert Byrd (D, WV), Oct. 3, 2002.    

 "I will be voting to give the President of the United States the authority to use force  if necessary  to disarm Saddam Hussein because I believe that a deadly arsenal of weapons of mass destruction in his hands is a real and grave threat to our security." - Sen. John F. Kerry (D, MA), Oct. 9, 2002.    

 "There is unmistakable evidence that Saddam Hussein is working aggressively to develop nuclear weapons and will likely have nuclear weapons within the next five years . We also should remember we have alway s underestimated the progress Saddam has made in development of weapons of mass destruction." - Sen. Jay Rockerfeller (D, WV), Oct 10, 2002    

 "He has systematically violated, over the course of the past 11 years, every significant UN resolution that has demanded that he disarm and destroy his chemical and biological weapons, and any nuclear capacity. This he has refused to do." - Rep. Henry Waxman (D, CA), Oct. 10, 2002.    

 "In the four years since the inspectors left, intelligence reports show that Saddam Hussein has worked to rebuild his chemical and biological weapons stock, his missile delivery capability, and his nuclear program. He has also given aid, comfort, and sanctuary to terrorists, including al Qaeda members. It is clear, however, that if left unchecked, Saddam Hussein will continue to increase his capacity to wage biological and chemical warfare, and will keep trying to develop nuclear weapons." - Sen. Hillary Clinton (D, NY), Oct 10, 2002    

 "We are in possession of what I think to be compelling evidence that Saddam Hussein has, and has had for a number of years, a developing capacity for the production and storage of weapons of mass destruction. "[W]ithout question, we need to disarm Saddam Hussein. He is a brutal, murderous dictator, leading an oppressive regime ... He presents a particularly grievous threat because he is so consistently prone to miscalculation. And now he has continued deceit and his consistent grasp for weapons of mass destruction ... So the threat of Saddam Hussein with weapons of mass destruction is real." - Sen. John F. Kerry (D, MA), Jan. 23. 2003.     




 "I would say it is the most secretive White House that I have ever been involved in covering, and that includes  I spent 22 years of my career in Washington and covered presidents from President Reagan on up through now, and I was Washington bureau chief of the Times during George W. Bush's first term, I dealt directly with the Bush White House when they had concerns that stories we were about to run put the national security under threat. But, you know, they were not pursuing criminal leak investigations," she continued. "The Obama administration has had seven criminal leak investigations. That is more than twice the number of any previous administration in our history. It's on a scale never seen before. This is the most secretive White House that, at least as a journalist, I have ever dealt with." - Former New York Times Executive Editor Jill Abramson, January 2014 




 Lets take a look at the Iraq rhetoric before the Iraq war, shall we?    

 "One way or the other, we are determined to deny Iraq the capacity to develop weapons of mass destruction and the missiles to deliver them. That is our bottom line." - President Clinton, Feb. 4, 1998.    

 "If Saddam rejects peace and we have to use force, our purpose is clear. We want to seriously diminish the threat posed by Iraq's weapons of mass destruction program." - President Clinton, Feb. 17, 1998.    

 "Iraq is a long way from [here], but what happens there matters a great deal here. For the risks that the leaders of a rogue state will use nuclear, chemical or biological weapons against us or our allies is the greatest security threat we face." - Madeline Albright, Feb 18, 1998.    

 "He will use those weapons of mass destruction again, as he has ten times since 1983." - Sandy Berger, Clinton National Security Adviser, Feb, 18, 1998    

 "[W]e urge you, after consulting with Congress, and consistent with the U.S. Constitution and laws, to take necessary actions (including, if appropriate, air and missile strikes on suspect Iraqi sites) to respond effectively to the threat posed by Iraq's refusal to end its weapons of mass destruction programs." - Letter to President Clinton, signed by Sens. Carl Levin, Tom Daschle, John Kerry, and others Oct. 9, 1998.    

 "Saddam Hussein has been engaged in the development of weapons of mass destruction technology which is a threat to countries in the region and he has made a mockery of the weapons inspection process." - Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D, CA), Dec. 16, 1998.    

 "Hussein has ... chosen to spend his money on building weapons of mass destruction and palaces for his cronies." - Madeline Albright, Clinton Secretary of State, Nov. 10, 1999.    

 "There is no doubt that . Saddam Hussein has reinvigorated his weapons programs. Reports indicate that biological, chemical and nuclear programs continue apace and may be back to pre-Gulf War status. In addition, Saddam continues to redefine delivery systems and is doubtless using the cover of a licit missile program to develop longer-range missiles that will threaten the United States and our allies." - Letter to President Bush, Signed by Sen. Bob Graham (D, FL,) and others, Dec, 5, 2001.    

 "We begin with the common belief that Saddam Hussein is a tyrant and a threat to the peace and stability of the region. He has ignored the mandate of the United Nations and is building weapons of mass destruction and the means of delivering them." - Sen. Carl Levin (d, MI), Sept. 19, 2002.    

 "We know that he has stored secret supplies of biological and chemical weapons throughout his country. Iraq's search for weapons of mass destruction has proven impossible to deter and we should assume that it will continue for as long as Saddam is in power." - Al Gore, Sept. 23, 2002.    

 "We have known for many years that Saddam Hussein is useing and developing weapons of mass destruction." - Sen. Ted Kennedy (D, MA), Sept. 27, 2002.    

 "The last UN weapons inspectors left Iraq in October1998. We are confident that Saddam Hussein retains some stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons, and that he has since embarked on a crash course to build up his chemical and biological warfare capabilities. Intelligence reports indicate that he is seeking nuclear weapons." - Sen. Robert Byrd (D, WV), Oct. 3, 2002.    

 "I will be voting to give the President of the United States the authority to use force  if necessary  to disarm Saddam Hussein because I believe that a deadly arsenal of weapons of mass destruction in his hands is a real and grave threat to our security." - Sen. John F. Kerry (D, MA), Oct. 9, 2002.    

 "There is unmistakable evidence that Saddam Hussein is working aggressively to develop nuclear weapons and will likely have nuclear weapons within the next five years . We also should remember we have alway s underestimated the progress Saddam has made in development of weapons of mass destruction." - Sen. Jay Rockerfeller (D, WV), Oct 10, 2002    

 "He has systematically violated, over the course of the past 11 years, every significant UN resolution that has demanded that he disarm and destroy his chemical and biological weapons, and any nuclear capacity. This he has refused to do." - Rep. Henry Waxman (D, CA), Oct. 10, 2002.    

 "In the four years since the inspectors left, intelligence reports show that Saddam Hussein has worked to rebuild his chemical and biological weapons stock, his missile delivery capability, and his nuclear program. He has also given aid, comfort, and sanctuary to terrorists, including al Qaeda members. It is clear, however, that if left unchecked, Saddam Hussein will continue to increase his capacity to wage biological and chemical warfare, and will keep trying to develop nuclear weapons." - Sen. Hillary Clinton (D, NY), Oct 10, 2002    

 "We are in possession of what I think to be compelling evidence that Saddam Hussein has, and has had for a number of years, a developing capacity for the production and storage of weapons of mass destruction. "[W]ithout question, we need to disarm Saddam Hussein. He is a brutal, murderous dictator, leading an oppressive regime ... He presents a particularly grievous threat because he is so consistently prone to miscalculation. And now he has continued deceit and his consistent grasp for weapons of mass destruction ... So the threat of Saddam Hussein with weapons of mass destruction is real." - Sen. John F. Kerry (D, MA), Jan. 23. 2003.     




 [The Americans](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JwzHooPjZdk) 




 Have to make room for all the dope smokers and whores. Duh! 




 Welcome to the real world, kid. 




 Whats that, you damn commie bastard? 




 Fine work, fellow patriot. Have an upvote. 




 If that says, "USA!", I will upvote it. Best not be fool'n me. 




 Well, he did bless us....*from what I had heard.* 




 In one hand I have a raging [Freedom boner](http://i.imgur.com/GhzjoRT.jpg) and with the other hand I am wiping away [Freedom tears of pride](http://i.imgur.com/9GYM4bv.gifv). That was beautiful. Thank you, /u/gaping_your_mother, for your words of Freedom. Thank you, /u/Ninjarabies, for sharing it with us.  




 Well, Britain was obligated to defend neutral Belgium by the terms of a 75-year old treaty in WW1. The US had no obligation. Probably should have tried a little harder to keep your region in-check. Britain, well Europe in general, always seems to wait until it hits the fan to actually do anything and when they finally do something its sub-par at best. Look at the Balkans in the 90s. Europe sat around while millions of people died. Who finally did something about it? The US Military. 
























