 We had been working together almost daily. Guess he forgot my name and was afraid to ask. 





























 Yes folks this is an alt account(My main was shadowbanned), yes I'm too lazy to make a new meme.  




 I often see stocks taking big dives or surging but am unable to locate any news to go along with it from sources like the AP or CNN.  Is there some source most novice investors don't know about or don't have access to that the professionals do? 
























 This was not primarily a financial decision But this has more to do with the long-term direction of the station.

 




 I think its a lottery. Every year I remember just after the last day to enter. :( 
























 I'm not a very active user and most of my comments hardly ever get seen. I'm used to having 1 or two people upvote my posts every once in a while. I got suspicious one day when I made what I thought was a good comment on a new thread and got nothing. So I went to /r/shadowban and confirmed it.  




 Its a way reddit originally fought spammers. They make it so none of your posts are visible to anyone except you. You can't tell that you where banned. It was a good way to fight spam bots because they wouldn't know they where tuned out and go on doing their thing without bothering anyone. 

Now they use it for anyone they don't agree with. You get no message or warning. I didn't know it happened to me for at least 2 months. 





























 I was told that I participated in vote brigading. Still not exactly sure what that means. They said I could be unbanned if I agreed not to do it anymore. I told them that I would not do it again but so far no reversal. Still whether I was wrong or not isn't the real problem, its that they just shadow banned me without any warning. If they had banned me from the sub or deleted my account I would have at least known I did something wrong and changed the way I behaved.

Small solace I can take is that this account now has way more karma then my old one ever did. 
























 Thanks for erasing the last .1% of doubt I had that this whole story was BS. 


































 Saying a banned word with intent to hurt someone's feelings. 

Examples include
The N word. 
The R word (formerly retard) 
Calling something gay.  
























 I am a beautiful person who is the best of luck to you by the way to get the best of luck to you by the way to get the best of luck to you...  




 So I pushed her over. 
























