 I don't know why, but one in awhile I see strange things, I don't really believe in ghost so I'm not sure what I would call them.

I honestly think it's caused by my horrible insomnia, I have suffered from it since I was eight and I also have frequent night terrors that sometimes turn violent, I have actually scratched myself or thrashing in my sleep has gotten me some bruises, etc. 

Anyways! I happened to find this subreddit and thought "why not!" 

So this is a couple of random stories of the things that happen to me.

My blood family bought this older house and it was in need of some semi-serious cleaning because the previous owners were kinda pigs...

I helped my Nana clean the house, it was a hard day of cleaning all the bathrooms, the rooms, the floors, and the walls. So after cleaning all day me and my Nana were both exhausted; we still had cleaning to do in the morning so we set up our air-mattress and both passed out on it. Later I was dimly aware of my Nana getting out of the bed, she also has insomnia so I assumed that she was having trouble sleeping. I just started to drift back off when I felt Nana climbing back in the bed, I muttered something unintelligible to her because I noticed she was climbing on top of me, I finally turned over to ask her "What are you doing?"

It wasn't my Nana.

A woman who looked like she was about in her thirties, she had long hair that hung in her face, she as crying. I have always had a hard time waking up when I do sleep, so my brain was having a hard processing what was going on. Between her distraught sobs I realized she was talking. "Please, please give me back my baby!"

Still confused I garbled out a confused question. "what baby?" I guess that was the wrong question because she flew into a rage, grabbed my neck, started to cry and scream. "Where is my baby?!" "Your lying!" "I know you know where he is!" 

I honestly don't know what happened after that, but next thing I know Nana was shaking me awake. I had freaked her out because she came back in the room to me chocking and struggling to breath in my sleep. I didn't tell her about the woman.

After moving into the house I would see that woman in brief glances or hear her crying. 

The other two "things" in the house was a little girl who wore a bright yellow dress, she liked to giggle and would stay just out of my sight or I would hear her giggle while she hid behind my computer chair, she would giggle even harder when I would try and catch her. The other was a cat that didn't really exist. I don't know why, but I thought it was a boy and I stared calling him Pepper. He was a friendly cat who would sit by me while I played games on the computer or would sleep with me.

I have no idea how or why I see these "things" I have gone and gotten tested for schizophrenia, because I was really worried that maybe I had it. It would be much easier to deal with this if I had some idea of what is "wrong with me" 

I have more stories, but not sure if I should post them or not...but I'm more curious about your stories or advice about similar experiences. 

Thanks for reading loves!

*Noobly*




 

















































 Eh, the doctor said I didn't show any signs of having schizophrenia, he said that it's most likely caused by my lack of sleep...which I honestly like to believe is the cause. 

The only reason they bother me so much is that I have had sleep hallucinations it's normally the same thing, which is that objects will turn into snakes. It startled me the first time my pencil turned into a tiny snake, but now I'm so used to it that when it does happen I just ignore it.

Insomnia is a bitch hun! lol

But in all seriousness...I honestly don't know why I see these things, I don't think I'll ever know. 

Which might be for the best. O.o 
























 Hmmm...I see what you mean now, but I did put a little bit of blue in the darker skin tone. 

I never thought of purple before...I have tried green, but they always look to..."mucky?" can't think of a better word. Any other advice love? If you don't mind that is.  
























 Thanks for the suggestion love! I have tried that before...last time didn't go so red hot. 

I also suffer from sleep paralysis and there was actually a time I was having nightmare, I told myself it was all just a dream and managed to wake myself up, only problem was...I couldn't move. 

I have also suffered from this since I was little, but it very rarely happens. The first time it happened to me I was so scared because my eyes were open in my pitch black room, the only thing I could move was my pinky on my left hand.

And being a little brat still I was convince that I must be dying and cried my eyes out silently because I couldn't even make a sound. Finally passed back out from crying and woke up the next day fine.

I don't freak out as bad anymore, but sometimes I get this overwhelming feeling that something bad is going to happen, which I hear is pretty common for people suffering from it.

Which makes sense because not being able to move or make a sound...trapped in your body. Ugh...! Gives me the willies!  
























 Hmmm...if there really was a woman who lost her baby, I wonder why she would think I would have it? o_o

Also, I haven't lived in that house since High School. Not sure how I would research that, I wonder?  
























 "Don't believe in trees" Ahahah! XD

I swear I'm not laughing at you love, I'm laughing right now because I picture a camper in the words telling someone else they are crazy because "there is no such thing as tress!"

Anyways! I have had these...I'm sorry, but I can't bring myself to call them ghost right now, the "things" have always fallowed me, sometimes it's cause suffering for others, which is a another story I guess I'll post it?

But...I haven't had good luck with people who, try to help me. My Mother and me went to a flea market, it's a big one they have every summer that's two hours away, it's good for bonding time. 

While we were there we bumped into this couple who...forgive me but I'm not sure what it's called? It involves crystals and chakras, that's all I know! lol

So while I talked to his wife he did the...crystal thingy on my mom, after that they talked for awhile about which ones were "blocked?" and exercise to help unblock them I guess? 

So my mom stands up and pate the table "you should do this" I put up my hand and shake my head no, "Eh...I'm good"

My mom keeps insisting and I keep saying no finally with a dead serious looks she glares at me "you either do it, or you are walking home" 

*SIGH*

I get on the table and I'm tense...I'm not nervous because of anything bad I'm sensing from the guy, which by the way...that's another issue of mine! So many issues...

As I'm laying there thinking this whole thing was asinine, he's places crystals on me and I'm stiff as a bored, I didn't relax till he put this big ass crystal in my hands. Some kind of quartz?

So he's doing his thing, I kinda blank out, I snap out of it when he shakily says he's done. He takes the crystals off me and as I sit up I realize how much of a mistake this was...

This nice old hippie is shaking, he looks out of breath, and like he's about to cry. In my head I'm like..."what the flaying batman is going on?"

I ask if he's okay, I can see his wife is concerned and my mother is confused. He says he's fine, but ask if he can have a hug, I cover it up, but I feel very awkward, and say of course, as we hug I throw a not so convincing smile to his wife and my mother. 

 
He steps away from me and sits down in a chair pulls out a cigarette and stars smoking like a chimney, his wife and my mother go over to him and talk, I don't approach because I think I did enough damage...I look at all the crystals they have on some tables, his wife comes over to me and starts just putting certain gems and stone in my hands. She tells me what they are all for, but to be honest I was still worried so I didn't pay attention, tried to pay for them but she shook her head , told me to just take them. After a awkward parting...I was just about to tell my mom off for making me do that when I hear his wife, she runs up to me and says to take this as well. It's a big quarts on this cord that is green and purple. She tells me it was the first crystal her husband gave her, she wants me to have it!

I tell her I can't possibly take something so important, she says I can and I will. Says I need it more than her, she walks away. 

I still have it, but to be honest I don't wear it much because the cord is a little itchy. 

I guess...I honestly don't know if I believe in the "Supernatural" I do find it interesting, but generally don't think about it. 

I just know that there might be something off about me, and I don't want anyone hurt. You know love?

Also! I'm curious about your experiences, I would love to hear some if you are willing to share? 
 
























 Reiki! That's what it was called! 
Yeah, I was thinking of putting it on some clasp thingy with a long chain. Also! I'm very sorry about your family love, that must have been so hard. 

Do...not sure how to even word this, but does pagan religion run in your family?

Also...man in suits, that brings back not-so-fun-memories. *Brrr...!*   
























