 My mom took me to see this in theaters.... when i was four years old. 




 death by stereo! 




 I'm going to have to check this out, it reminds me of Rad and Airborne. 




 I really like 16 candles, but I love Weird Science. Me and my by best friend are just like Gary and Wyatt. 




 Yeah i found that out about the "indian" guy in short circuit. At first I didn't think the movie was racist... til this scene http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=2rxlidAR3Fw#t=2s 




 Disney should make a proper sequel. Like 2000, but without pointless celebrity cameos. 




 which one overall do you favor most? As a kid I loved VI but now as a teen I love V 




 same here, got to love Corey Fieldman and Kurt Russell. 




 I have to agree, i watched it on vhs when i was 7 years old and it stills astonishes me with the music and visuals. 









 http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ls6yd1ndRI1qeo6bto1_250.gif 




 for some reason I love the stuck-up professors that only like things to be done traditionally. Basically the "antagonists" of Robin Williams movies (Dead Poets Society, Patch Adams). 









 There wouldn't be that many teenage girls. 




 everyone always criticizes FFX's voice acting but i think its good, most of the time. 




 For games i would say Final Fantasy 9, I was drawn in by the characters and story. Movie wise would be Big Trouble in Little China, because Jack Burton is awesome. A comic i recently read was Y the Last Man, and i have to say everyone should give it a read, its really that good. 









 My sister was talking to a friend about it, I asked what she was talking about and she told me to go to reddit. Life's never been the same. 




 We've all been through it. We've been interested in someone else but it's never clear whether those feelings are mutual. So I would like you to share some tales of confusion and/or frustration going after someone you liked. 




 Thanks for the article, more people should be aware of crimes like these. 









 Grim Adventures of billy and Mandy, courage the cowardly dog, and American dragon jake long. Man I miss those shows... 




 Limbo 




 Y:the last man. 60 great issues of pure amazing, if you haven't checked it out you're missing out big time. 




 "It". If you don't believe me watch Nostalgia critics review, it makes it hard to believe this stuff was scary. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aFcC5xi2W1o 




 Mind-reading. I just imagine people who you think are friends just constantly hating on you in their thoughts.  




 I'll say Judge Doom from Who framed roger rabbit. Everytime his reveal scene after the steamroller was going to come up I would shut off the movie. 




 Everybody in "The Phantom Menace"
Blame George Lucas writing. 




 You got a point. But while we're on the subject I have to ask, what do you guys like about the original Star Trek? I'm not saying its bad but I was always a Picard guy.... 




 Big Trouble in little china. Gotta have my six demon bag 




 My mom always cooks something special like a Pot Roast 




 I kind of think it had more than a cult following, it seemed popular back in its day. But I was a kid back then so I don't really know. 




 When I was a sophomore in high school I met this Junior girl and it was going great. We were talking, laughing, I even got her phone number. But I noticed this red pimple looking thing on one of her breasts, and I pointed it out to her. Never heard from her again. 




 Damn, beat me to it 




 Jak and Daxter: The Precursor Legacy

I never get tired of the victory fanfare that plays when you get a power cell 
























 I once owned a dog that was smarter then you 




 side note it has some bad language, i don't know if that would make it NSFW so I'll just leave the post as it is. 









 The Adventures of the Taxi Dog and If You Give a Mouse a Cookie 









 Halo had a remake.... 




 Kingdom Hearts series. It may look kiddish but if you really get into it, you'll never be the same. 




 my dad gave me his old laptop he had lying around, the Google search bar was full of mother son porn. weird stuff. 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1biedv/people_of_askreddit_what_are_some_questions_you/ 




 would it be too much to ask if you could send those people our way? 




 just don't forgot to upvote :) 




 man, i just remembered that 




 herbie... you poor bastard 




 a change I noticed was in Episode 2, when Obi-Wan is talking to Yoda. While they are talking Obi-Wan says he was trained by Yoda, but he was trained by Qui-gon. It's one of the ways I think George Lucas made it so you can ignore Phantom Menace. 




 I think we can add this to the list of terrifying N64-era enemies. Something about the graphics back then make things scarier than in games today, I think. 

Edit: I forgot Dark forces wasn't on N64, it was just in that generation of games. 




 i don't think it's that much of a spoiler, but you never know with some people. 




 it doesn't say its against the rules to ask questions and this question didn't pop-up in my search so I would like you to share how you discovered Star Wars, maybe with some interesting stories :) 




 sorry, my fault, just spur of the moment 









 but you'll always know...... 




 "I was frozen today!"-Suburban Commando http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nC8zz95rm8s 




 I never liked Lord of the Rings. Mostly because I don't like old medieval type settings, I love futuristic Sci-Fi.  




 Star Wars Jedi Knight. Mainly because I love Star Wars and I would like to attend the Jedi academy. 




 http://imgur.com/yqui2mR 




 http://i.imgur.com/Fnm4qMO.jpg 









 I always wanted to be Robin. I don't think I'd be able to fill Batman's role. 




 Characters from books, movies, tv shows, whatever! 




 care to elaborate? 




 you should tell your husband, "if you didn't look like my first crush, I wouldn't have given you a second thought." I kid I kid 




 what is the value of it? 














 "you're my density" 




 lol i wish. She didn't know anything about the movie apart from the title so she was surprised during the opening scene. This was the start of a childhood of R-rated movies full of nudity and swearing :) 
























 Do you love em, hate em. What's your opinion on this growing trend. 









 I blame peter molyneux, he just kept over-hyping his game, setting the bar too high. 




 As a fan of Final Fantasy, I don't think FF7 is a great as everyone says. Apart from graphical improvements and stuff like mini-games, it played just like the others. The magic system was creative but not that special and open world aspects had been in the other entries. The story wasn't bad, it was good, but not that special. I still think its a great game, I still play it to this day, but I don't think it's as game changing as others have called it. 









 And now I'm afraid I have somewhat of a mess on my hands. 




 Dude the people who look at you with disgust, fuck those guys. When i was 15 i used to have a small red-afro, people used to call me carrot-top. You just have to learn to ignore it, and then you don't hear it anymore. I used to be introverted too, I'm still afraid to order a pizza over the phone. You just need to realize your special, there's no one like you, and there never will be. Just knowing that will help you be more outgoing. I'm doing this, and the girls are starting to swoop in for me. 









 Buck Naked 




 Yeah make society your bitch, if you're into that sort of thing... 




 While I do think it's a shame they shutdown LucasArts, that doesn't mean the end of Star Wars games, they can still license. Some of the the best games were developed by others. Jedi Outcast, Jedi Academy, Empire at War, Battlefront, and Knights of the old Republic. 




 While you make good points, I still think it is. The license system is deep and while it matches the sphere grid I think it takes the idea to a new level. But I don't think it's perfect, example is Vaan. You could take him out of the whole game and it wouldn't change much. 




 why'd you delete FF12? 




 holy shit you're me 




 I won't lie, Bioshock is a great game, so are the sequels. But I never understood all the hype. 




 and it doesn't just to have to be movies 




 Shenmue, if you don't it you really should youtube it. Final Fantasy series, even though I don't favor the new entries I do respect how amazing the graphics are. Knights of the Old republic, one of if not the best series of Sci-fi RPG's. Heavy Rain, while I liked Indigo Prophecy I actually cared about the characters in Heavy Rain with all my heart, so much so I had trouble getting a sad/"bad" ending. 




 "you will sit here, and you will f*cking watch this!!" 




 Star Wars:Jedi Knight. the old games still have the best lightsaber action so I would love to see what they can do now. 




 Mine is about my dad. I wanna love him, but he wasn't and isn't part of my life that much, so I have trouble loving him. I think he's trying, but i'm not the first kid he wasn't always around for.

P.S. I know the title should be "What's" not "Whats" 









 [dude those it just suck being you?] (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeFuq5Q0OXo) 




 2001: A Space Odyssey. There's so many interpretations out there ranging from the minor details to the overall plot. 




 At first i was like, yeah! Then it asked for money and I was like, Sorry! 




 Topher Grace? 




 4, 5, 2, 3, 6. You don't need 1 because the elevator scene in 2 I think brings you up to speed and almost no plot is carried over. And with this you don't lose the shock value of the Darth Vader father reveal in 5. After that you can consider 2 and 3 a long flashback for how Anakin become evil. 




 What was/is your dream job? Unless you always wanted to be a security guard, I'm not saying it's a bad job. 




 relax bra, :) 




 Sequel to Office Space 




 Parenthesis, Exponents, Multiplication, Division, Addition, Subtraction. Solve in that order 




 "PC LOAD LETTER? The fuck does that mean?" 




 Queen - I Want to Break Free 









 I just wish more people would realize this. 




 Keep Shenmue 
























 Star Wars jedi power battles? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Star_Wars_Episode_I:_Jedi_Power_Battles 




 man,  if only she had been in Showgirls instead of Elizabeth Berkley. 




 As a kid my family had vhs copies of the karate kid and Adventures in babysitting and I was in love with Elisabeth Shue. 









 Titus. Best sitcom Fox ever had. 




 I miss Atton Rand and Mira :( 









 true that 




 who doesn't hate it? 




 Me too, I always sing it Time After Time 




 a movie, book, tv show, clothing trend, whatever. 














 stories, some sci-fi and fantasy. I'm not making money or anything, it's more of a hobby. I always wrote good stories and speeches in my English classes so that's where I started. 




 Its premise might sound weird, but it really is good. Some kind of plague wipes out every male mammal on Earth, except for this guy and his monkey. And they have to travel alongside this government agent and this scientist to find out why the plague happened and how to fix it. I think it's pretty good because it doesn't just focus on the characters, it shows you what the world would be like without men, the good and the bad. It's well written, well drawn, and since it was planned with only 60 issues in mind it doesn't feel dragged on, and by the end all plot threads are tied up. The only thing bad I can say is that the ending might not be what you want, but it's ending that leaves you satisfied. 




 Final Fantasy 9. It showed me how powerful fictional characters can have on you and that helped inspire me to start writing. 




 Its ok, I was touched by Airborne and Encino Man. 




 Y: the last man

Even if you don't like comic books you need to read this. Buy it, torrent it, whatever. 




 gadgets, movies, people, ideas..... 




 i'll help you out 




 I think it's attractive when they show self-respect. For me it's a major turn-off when girls complain that they are fat, unintelligent, or too skinny. 









 thanks :) 




 source... 














 well now they have that new show coming out, Hannibal. But the guy playing Lecter is the bad guy from Casino Royale so I don't know if it's gonna be good. 




 I think Harry Potter could have been a tv show, maybe not better but still. I don't know how long kids in the United Kingdom have off for summer break, but in america its 3 months, so i'm guessing a Hogwarts school year is about 9 months. That's a lot of time to sum up in about 2 hours. 




 like? 




 even though some will call this a cop-out, you can answer with what you think would be better as a mini-series, too. 




 I want to see Catcher in the Rye as a movie, but at the same time I don't. The reason why is that I can't think of a good actor for Holden. If only they could have made a movie in the 80's, I think Anthony Michael Hall could have been a good pick. 




 this and Kids next door were the reason I always watched cartoon network. 




 I've had a similar experience, when I was a kid my older brother used to always come back from his friends house smelling funny. And I always wondered when his friends came over why he wouldn't let me hang out with them. 




 I was just playing Star Wars: Shadows of the empire the other day. I was surprised how much I found it difficult compared to when I played it years ago as a kid. 




 *childhood, goddamn I need to proofread more. 
























 I wish my D D group had females :( 




 [relevant](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=4m2WutlqBk0#t=56s) 




 was? 




 Ultimate Spider-Man is my favorite too. The game-play and music were good and it felt awesome playing as Venom. I was a huge fan of the comics, but I haven't read them since Ultimatum. 




 Boy Meets World? 

Here's an episode where they go inside the girls bathroom and the walls are pink, and there is a couch. http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=kudFmxVoLFU#t=328s 




 independent contractors too 









 Omg. I've been searching for the name of this game for nearly 9 years. Thank you. 




 I actually started playing it again this weekend, and it still plays good :) 




 I haven't heard about this. But I doubt it. 




 Who knows, in the future it might see the light of day. Personally, I hope after GTAV they start working on Bully 2, if one of their studios hasn't started yet.

Edit: Sorry for the redundant title in the second sentence. I copy and pasted.  









 I'm replaying The Warriors. It's still awesome. I wish Rockstar did make that spiritual sequel I heard about. 




 "you're tearin' me apart!" 




 Play the game Bully, by Rockstar. I always feel better after beating up some punk kids. 




 I'm going to say Drawing too. I can write stories, but I think it would be better to tell them with visuals, like a comic. 




 You would think since the brain is more developed it would be easier. But is it easier to learn your first language as a kid because your brain is still developing? 









 oh i just noticed that 




 I've done this too many times.... 









 I like Abrams, but Star Trek and Star Wars are one thing, 2001 is another. 




 The thing. I love Big Trouble in Little China, the same goes for Kurt Russell and John Carpenter, but i think it's meh. 









 Without Kubrick.... I'm sorry, Meow_Goes_The_Kitten. I'm afraid I can't let you do that.  




 For me its kids who die driving drunk or texting while driving. I just cant feel sorry for people who do stupid stuff like that.  









 You have some pretty good points. 




 I always do this, and It keeps reminding me of Taxi Driver. 









 Really? 




 Come on man, we have to survive! 




 ? 




 Oh that's one too many, I'm sorry but you got to cut one loose. Unless you want to go.... 




 Family, friends, celebrities, whoever. 
























 No problem :). If I came off negatively I didn't mean to. 




 /r/tipofmytongue/ 




 Last November I went to visit some family in Shanghai. And I got to tell you that when you're walking down these crowded streets in the middle of a freezing downpour with neon lights flashing all around you, you forgot you're in the present: it feels like your in the middle of a Cyberpunk adventure. 




 The only thing that comes to my mind is Knights of the Old Republic. I know it's a comicbook and not a book, but I really enjoyed it and would recommend it. The only problem with it is that near the last couple of issues the story gets jumbled a little. 




 How did your family respond to you voluntering for this experiment? 




 The cover system in Max Payne 3 was much better than the one in GTAIV and since the shooting in V looks like the one Max Payne i'm guessing they're are using the same cover system too :) 




 Yeah I thought it was Franklin at first because of the clothes he had on. But since the bar in the lower right is blue I guess it was Michael in the bike race. 




 If that since the game is split between 3 protagonists, there won't be a large amount of missions for each of them. I know there is a shit load of stuff to do outside of missions, but I would be disappointed if they all have small campaigns that just add up together to match the previous games. Also I hope they bring back checkpoints and mission replays from Ballad of Gay Tony. 




 Probably Franklin, because in the trailers he's mostly seen as being the athletic one with the cycling, parashooting, and dirtbiking. I never really feel in love with CJ or his gangster story, but Franklin and his story to me seems interesting. Also I love driving and its been shown that he's the best one at it. 




 In Kingdom Hearts 1 I agree that they were bad and I think a waste of time, but in Kingdom Hearts 2 I felt that they became pretty fun (especially that "death star" one that lead to twilight town).  




 While I do like the look of the multiplayer, I'm mainly wondering if this means Robin will also be playable in the new challenge rooms, because I loved playing as him in Arkham City and the talk of more skins is really getting me excited. 




 I was bugged that Red Robin was hardly in Issue #19, him being there just seemed weird. 




 Books that have any of the Robins and Batgirls working together, with or without Batman. 




  slightly off topic

O_o 




 try it, I already have 26 hours on it (and two playthroughs for the single player). 




 Riffs leader: You Warriors are good. Real good.

Swan: The best. 




 Fifteen bucks little man, put that shit in my hand 




 Son of a bitch must pay. 




 Just remember what ol' Jack Burton does when the earth quakes, and the poison arrows fall from the sky, and the pillars of Heaven shake. Yeah, Jack Burton just looks that big ol' storm right square in the eye and he says, "Give me your best shot, pal. I can take it."
 









 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QKPvEfBCPSk
Jiffy! 0:00-0:08 




 O_O..... Just kidding. I can actually believe he did something like that. 




 roll again for crit confirmation 




 I've played it and I got to say it's really good. The shooting is fun and it has a nice story. I also thought the first one was ok but I love this one. You should check out some gameplay or the demo. 




 [I know this is a right hand but....](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=2gSf5UMZ8ms#t=131s) 




 My friends and I disagree. 




 Did you give her the old Pork Chop Express? 




 I don't know if this would count but I would like my feet similar to an Ape's. So I could climb faster and just pick up stuff. 

If not a tail, so I could hold stuff. 




 Oh my god, same here. I first watched MST3K when it was on Netflix a year ago and when I saw the Arrested Development cameo I searched to see if this subreddit existed.  




 I saw your earlier post and I couldn't believe it either. They made sure to have a lot of cameos this season :) 




 The movie is The Fantastic Four, the one from the 90's 









 I'm beginning to write a Cyberpunk novel and the thing I'm having trouble with is describing my characters and the world they live in. For characters I'm wondering if I should go into detail (clothes, facial appearance, etc.) or leave most of it up to the reader's imagination. And for the world I'm trying to find a way to describe it without going into long stretches of exposition. I'm just an amateur writer in High School so I only have a small amount of experience with creating anything beside short stories. 




 A whole bunch of pain 




 "Jesus lifts up Muhammad and does a Cross Piledriver!"

"Can I get two hallelujahs and a amen!" 
























 have you paid your dues? 




 come on man! I'll admit High Life isn't the best song, but beneath Night Vision? 




 Nothin' or double 




 May I ask what fanfic? it sounds familiar to one of my favorites. 




 OP should quit being a wussy! 




 yeah but have to realize those remakes were 2D. I can see turning [this](http://ps3maven.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/final-fantasy-iv-super-nintendo-snes-064.jpg) into [this](http://i.imgur.com/vdCcz.jpg?1), but [this](http://snackedup.files.wordpress.com/2012/09/final-fantasy-7-cloud-model-up-close.png)? With something like  FF7 which is in 3D they would have to create new character models, create all-new non-prerendered backgrounds, and new animations to match. 




 I think they should bring back the battle system from 10; It was so good I can't believe they took it out of 10-2. But make the battle party 4 people instead of 3 and set the game in a setting like IX. That's how i think Square can make a comeback. 




 My bad, I meant 15 not 14 




 why its take on the "rag-tag group of rebels fights evil empire" cliche is so special

I think it's because at the time that type story wasn't cliche yet. Besides Star Wars i can't really think of another example like it. Also at the time, and I emphasis time, this was still a new idea. It's like Citizen Kane. If you compare it to modern day movies most would say it's average. But you need to realize when it came out no one told stories in a flashback/interview way like it did, no one did make-up like it did, and no one used that style of cinematography (with it's use of deep focus lens and low-angle shots). 

In FF6 we had a large group of at least 14 main characters with their own personalities and we would switch to different parties at certain parts of the game. No one did that, at the time. 

So I'm saying If you compare it to the later entires like FF7 it's not going to like look a masterpiece. But if you dial back the clock and look at what came out before it and around it, the game is great. 




 It was goin' good in the beginning... but they had to do the drop. 




  "annoying FF7 fans" that never actually appear...

Yes they do appear and I think that's whats making people mad. Don't get me wrong I love FF7, but ever since the PS3 tech demo came out people have begging for a remake. I want a remake too, especially for the rest of the PS1 Final Fantasy's. But it's not gonna happen. Square is no longer Square Soft, it's Square Enix. And since the merger things haven't been looking up for the series. They can barely develop the games they're already working on, aka Versus 13/XV.

So yes those fans do appear. And it's not that people think the game is overrated, it's just that people are tired of hearing people beg for a remake.

*edit 1

I meant to say 'XV' not 'XIV'
 




 Thanks for the vid :). At first I wasn't too fond of Oliver but he's grown on me, especially when he took over the Daily Show over the summer. I heard he might get his own show so that's good. 




 I was hoping XV would go back to roots like IX did. IX is my favorite game in the series and that's because, like you said, final fantasy works best in a setting without ultra-futuristic technology. It can work with that setting, but not at it's best. 




 You're right there was nothing memorable. For example in most of the other Final Fantasy's we were given a, I don't know how else to say this, memorable villain. In 13 we were given fal'Cie and even after playing the game I still don't know if they're good guys, bad guys, or just guys. 









 original DragonBall or Z?  




 What did you think of the new remake? 




 Happy Cake-day! 




 Happy Birthday! 




 [Big Trouble in Little China](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0HEitZ06oRY), an awesome 80's movie that's nonstop fun (seriously there's like no boring parts) 




 Growing up. I know I'm 16 and that's considered an adult in some places, but I just like being and want to stay a kid. That's why I need to become Peter Pan, so I can stay young forever :) 




 A jumped-up pantry boy, Who never knew his place :) 




 I would go out tonight, but I haven't got a stitch to wear 
 




 http://i.imgur.com/AmPUHgu.jpg?1

found this a while ago and really liked it 




 Same here :) 




 When I first read it I really liked it and I still do. But after rereading over the past couple of years I just feel really sorry for Holden. That's because if you really get down to it he's lazy and cynical to the world around him, and it's saddening knowing he lives with that mindset. That's while I don't understand why he's such an ideal. I'm not saying he's a bad character, I'm saying he shouldn't be looked at as someone you inspire to be or put on a pedestal. 




 Don't give up on skateboarding. I just started doing it the past couple of weeks and it's hella fun. 




 Holy shit! AP calc! What did you take in middle school? 




 In 7th grade during my third day of woodshop my teacher pulled me infront the class to try out one of the machines. I actually cut the line he drew pretty straight and felt pretty good. My friend said I was shaking the entire time until i sat back down.
 




 I would go out tonight, But I haven't got a stitch to wear  




 It makes you feel really good. I've always thought people exaggerated the effects but the first time I got high it was really fun. I don't get high regularly though. So if you still want to know why it's 'celebrated' so much, I don't know what else to say but try it. 




 I visited my sister in Shanghai last year and went to an Elton John concert. It wasn't that bad. 




 Well if it helps i woke up at about 4 in the afternoon, so i don't need *that* much sleep 




 Im about to go to bed. Gotta wake up in 3 hours :) 




 Lol thanks, that give my night a little boost. Now I must buzz off and do some PreCal homework :p 
























 no problem :) 




 What game are you talking about?  




 yes you can buy ranks in the skills as if they were trained. 




 Yes you can :)

Hey I remember you from my [Lfg post](http://www.reddit.com/r/lfg/comments/1xn44v/online_star_wars_edge_of_the_empire_new_gm/) last week. Did you ever find a group that fit your schedule? 




 Hey man, I got your message. Are you sure you can't do Thursdays? I changed the listing to Thursday's because I'm now occupied for the the other days. 




 Hi, my name is Ryan. This is my first time GMing an rpg. I'm looking for new or inexperienced players, but veterans are welcome if you're willing to be friendly and patient with new players. For schedule I'm thinking weekly games on Thursday. Games would be about 4:30pm PST. Session time I guess would be a few hours, I have yet to try the system so I'm not sure. If you're interested send me a message with a way I can talk to you (preferably Skype) so we can discuss things and I can get to know you.
Thanks for clicking and have a nice day/evening. 

Edit: I changed the game date to Thursdays. As of now I'm just not able to do it any other day.

Edit 2: Party's full. Thanks for the help guys :) 




 He didn't, he was the property of Princess Leia. She just gave him orders to find Obi-Wan. 




 Sure. Could you message me some kind of contact info so we could talk more? 




 Hi! If I don't get any hits on this I might just GM one myself. I've never done it before, but there's a first for everything :). And if I do do that you'd be welcome to join. 




 Hello! I'm looking to be part of a Star Wars game. I've played a couple of sessions of 3.5 and Pathfinder so I'm not new to Rpgs, just this one. I have yet to try out the game but I understand the dice system and the character creation (apart from the obligation point system. I need someone to help explain that to me.) For Fridays I can anywhere from 4:30pm PST to late into the night. Sundays I can go from 1:00pm to 7. So post a comment or send a message if you'd be interested in having me. Thanks for the consideration and have a wonderful day/evening.

Edit 1: Friday is filled. Sunday is still open :). 




 What... 




 alrighty, I'll send a message on skype. 




 I think I could do that. Could you message me some contact info so we can go into more detail? 




 Hello! I'm currently looking to join a weekend Pathfinder group. I've never played Pathfinder before, but I have played a few sessions of 3.5 so I believe I have the basics down. I'm open to playing any role that I'd be needed in (I don't have much experience with magic but I'm willing to learn). I'd say anytime after 4:30pm PST works best for me, and for Fridays and Saturdays I can go late into the night (I usually stay up past dawn so if you guys are operating in Europe or Asia I can be available). So just comment or message your information, and thanks for the consideration.

Edit 1: For Saturdays I'm available from 12pm PST to whenever, if that helps :)

Edit 2: Alright so it looks like I've found some groups, so unless anything happens with them I think this post is done. Thanks for the help everybody :) 




 child PCs? You've had someone really roll up a kid to go adventuring?
 




 They got rid of their entire history... Dick Grayson was never a Titan, Beast Boy was never a titan, and neither were Raven, Cyborg, or Starfire. In the New 52 the Teen Titans are a newly established group.

...Also Beast Boy is now red instead of green. 




 They wanted a fresh start. But while the New 52 does have a lot of good things going for it, there's a whole lot of bad decisions like this. Don't get me started on the things they did to the Teen Titans. 




 Yes they abandoned his Origin story of trying to find a cure for his sick wife. In the New 52 he never met his wife Nora. Instead she's just a sick women in cryostasis that Mr. Freeze became obsessed with while working at Wayne Enterprise. 




 How old are you?


What's the most expensive thing you've stolen?


Tell me about your fence, the guy you sell your stolen goods too.


Why are you a thief?




 




 Man I love that gif 




 a few B horror movies

Dude, she starred in Halloween 4 and 5! :p 

But you're right, she is fine. 




 How old were your victims? 




 How did you kill your victims? 




 And to think I pay these people a thousand dollars in premiums!  




 I would't say Jack is a Redneck; he's more of a cowboy. 




 Carpenter said the film bombed because of bad marketing on the studio's part :( 




 Her mind and spirit must be goin' north and south. 
 




 This is gonna take cracker-jack timing, Wang. 




 You should only worry if you haven't paid your dues, Jack. 




 You press 'caps lock' to speak. You should she a little microphone icon pop-up in the lower left corner. 




 lol, everyone thinks my name is from Naruto. I just like killerbees... :p

 




 To me this is when the series started to become great. Don't get me wrong, the 1st season wasn't bad, it's just surpassed by all the other ones. Plus I freakin' love Mr. Turner; I was sad when he left the show. 




 That's Humans. I think you're thinking of the place you grew up in.

 




 no, no, no [Spoiler](/s "kids do talk like that, I'm in High School now and kids talk about the same things in the same way and act the same [besides the assaulting part :p] I just didn't really see the kids in the story progress into madness. I mean you had the pencil scene, the girl talking about her first time, and the fight... holy shit, you did see them go crazy overtime.  Now I believe the ending.") 




 I love Rage, but to me the ending is just... off. [Spoiler](/s "The kids all assult Ted, and that just seemed weird. But hey, it's memorable.") 
























