




 We still have this at uni, slaves get sold and in the following days (or weeks) they work to earn back their own cost. Drink a bucket of beer and you're in the club! 




 Always stayed in Wenduine  De Haan as a kid, an I loved the dunes! Usually a lot less windy than the beach and great for picnics... There's a little pancake house in the dunes in the middle between Wenduine and De haan, if you just keep following the coastline you can't miss it! 




 Very definitely a boy 




 His owner is brother Kenny so he must have some kind of ranking ;) 














 We regularly started getting these really boring guest lectures from the same woman all the time... Our professor ditched his wife for her a couple months after. Mystery solved! 




 'I've got an itch'
Not something i'm gonna help you with mate 




 Maybe she just has a wide-set vagina and a heavy flow. She can't help it. 




 If I cook the same meal for all of us, or just leave one ingredient out for him, it's fine. But when I make goulash (for example) which is completely based on the beef stewing in the brew, I have to make him a completely separate meal... 




 That's what I usually do, but then sometimes I feel like having a steak or a beef stew and I don't know what to give him apart from our sides for example...

Thanks for te recipes though, i'll definitely try the fajitas! :-) 




 My dad recently became a vegetarian again after 10 years of eating meat. This is all very well and I support him, but the man can't cook a meal to save his life. I go to uni full time and take on the cooking at home - prefer to make everything from scratch. 

My dad being a vegetarian adds 15-20 minutes of cooking every day. I try to make vegetarian dishes we all enjoy as much as possible, but my sister, mother and I do enjoy our meat. Meat and three veg for my dad often comes down to a fried egg and three veg. 

He won't eat tofu, seitan or quorn and I'm honestly getting a little desperate here! Any tips are welcome :-) 




 Get her a nice designer watch or a pair of shades, usually around 300-400$ , leaves you some money for flowers!(and a little baby bottle of laurent perrier!) If you wanna spend that money on your girlfriend, go for it! 




 Add butter. That's it. 




 To be honest, the easiest thing is to determine during the school year which of your classmates has the bulkiest handwriting and sit diagonally behind them. There's 100-300 people in my university class and not that many supervisors... 




 Or holding waitstaff to a standard of a michelin star restaurant when you're at a diner... Newsflash: these people are probably not looking for a career in waiting, shut up and eat your pancakes 




 Had this on bread at the christmas market in germany, maybe for the ease of eating without sitting down? 




 Staff being rude, be it to me or to a total stranger at a different table 




 smoking pot can have terrible side effects like not being able to shut the fuck up about smoking pot 
























 This was a buffet at a rather small hotel so there was one meat, one poultry and one fish option, two or three carbs, same for warm veggies and then a separate salad bar... Plus the death stares you got for - the horror, the horror- 'cutting in line' to get your meat first made everyone just tag along 




 Lovely imagery! 
The woman in question was also morbidly obese and morbidly sunburnt. Oh, Mallorca! 




 Someone held up the whole buffet line at our hotel because she wouldn't let go of the spoon for the fries until someone had refilled the bowl. May i remind you, this was an all-you-can-eat situation. You can go back to the buffet a million times if you please. Yet she loaded 2 plates so full she spilled things all over the floor. The she also started a fight over a slice of lemon with a family member. (All on the same night) 




 Belgium has the option of euthanasia but my grandma still decided to go in a similar manner, just so it wouldn't be a big fuss. Found one vanilla pudding and seven bottles of champagne in her fridge, one for each of her kids. 




 If it makes you feel any better, I kinda felt for him... He's had about 20 flings and has gone bald since 




 My guineapig runs free in the living room. One morning we couldn't find her. Turns out she crawled into a narrow pretzel bag, ate some, fell over and got stuck. 




 My best guy friend told me he didn't love his girlfriend of four years (my best friend) but me. We both dumped him 




 My uncle's bus went down a hill/ravine in Venezuela. It was all a bit chaotic over there so he just boarded the first plane home and went to the ER. Had some broken ribs and cuts and bruises. We never actually found out anything more, apparently bus accidents in that region were common. 




 ... It's not like she's going to impose her own eating habits on the population. Pretty sure most of what she'll deal with is regarding money. 




 I once had swimming at school and forgot to bring a tampon so i asked one at the secretary (no nurses over here) and the guy gave me like seven tampons. Don't think he really understood how they work... 




 My dad always says that everything written on the internet is wrong. Apart from what he reads on the internet. That information is all factual. 




 I'm from Antwerp, Belgium and people from surrounding cities always say we're arrogant. There's this saying that 'Antwerp is the city and everything else is parking space', but i've actually never met anyone from Antwerp saying it. 




 Lovely to look at, but it gets pretty boring after like an hour or so  




 My grandpa was the youngest of 18 kids which resulted in his and his descendants' last name lacking a capital letter... Because his name didn't fit on the page so they had to write real small 




 (there's a nest of pigeons outside my bathroom window) 




 Soooo happy about that 




 i live in the low countries and stuff like that makes us shiver... In our clogs 




 studying... If you actually start on time it can be really soothing 




 that's not cheese 




 When I was 9 years old we had mardi gras (?) at school and me and my best friends dressed up as witches. Our teacher(who i LOVED) was going to take a picture of us together, but before doing so she pushed me out of the group and literally said 'not you'. Apparently she didn't recognize my disguise as a witch... 
























 Looks like lush products 




 The ass bone's connected to the... Shoulder bone? 




 I was shocked by those gaps the first time i visited the US... Only used the hotel bathroom for 5 days 




 like flossing 




 I toally second this! Group date? 




 He just said he has two scripts... I'm sure they're not just light night time reading! 




 Hey Allen, I know you and Rob James Collier get along quite well so I'll sneak this in: Will something nice happen for Thomas finally in season 6? Like a pal (that will stay!)... Or a puppy... It's not much to ask! 




 Only a mild wtf? WTF? 




 See the grammys do what? Beyonc has like 25 awards. I'm sure she can speak for herself just fine. 




 Not just still standing, but also LOOKING DAMN GOOD!!  




 kill it with fire 




 damn bronies 




 Saw these at an exhibition, some of them are huge. Very unsettling in a way. 




 I'm sure it's art, but they actually change this space up every couple of weeks to get people to rent it. There are oldtimers in it now.  









 Went on a roundtrip through Greece with school. First weekend: Athens. We get to our hotel and find people are selling drugs out of cars in the front. There was a little terrace where people were shooting up heroine at 2 in the afternoon. We thought our school had been its cheapo self and got a hotel in a horrible neighborhood. Turns out we were about 2 minutes from the absolute center. LOVELY 




 What's your favourite place you ever visited? (I have a really cool sofa bed here in Antwerp) 




 Tomme de montagne, fontina d'aosta, comt,... And Old Amsterdam sandwiches, hmmm 




 My dad telling me he doesn't give a fuck if I get a BA or not. I should give a fuck.  




 Hamsters may bounce back, but this is a guine pig. Don't give your fucking stupid kids pets as presents, people. 
























 Brave is just a nicer word for stupid 




 Just being honest, Belgium is a little bit of a microcosm. We have it all, but tiny. 




 Hey, at least there's something on the screen! 




 1. typical fashion for girls: in student environments i'd say you can wear whatever you want. In my classes (language and lit student) you get goths, preppy, hipsters,... Law students tend to dress more conservative.
2. regular groceries: not sure what you mean by this, but i'd say you can never go wrong with lots of fruit and veg. I feel like those are cheaper than in the US. I'm always stocked on yogurt and cheese as well. Supermarket bread is usually no good so i'd recommend going to a bakery for that.
3. Learning dutch: don't be embarrassed, we all have shitty dialects anyways!
4. blend in: don't! I'm sure people will be interested in where you come from. Belgium is quite boring so we're always happy to hear some stories from the outside world :D 




 I feel like belgians do one when they meet, but three on special occasions 




 Not a bad tattoo per se. Just bad taste. 




 wow what a dick 




 I always wonder how people don't notice this. You must get cold... 




 7 bazillion calories 




 Awwwww 




 Try explaining that to your partner.
 "Ew what's in here?" 
-"A burger. I've had it for like 20 years lol." 









 God forbids a female buys a to-go beverage with her own money, takes it to class, and talks about relevant people in her life. 




 Looks like these japanese rice crackers to me. Slighty spicy/musty taste though still addictive? https://shizuokagourmet.files.wordpress.com/2010/08/arare-2.jpg 




 Now this is wtf. I have no idea what is going on here and i couldn't even describe it to ask someone. 









 i never got past the annoying tune to see this... such a shame 




 ...this is how the story goes 




 Round here they throw you the money so they don't have to touch skin. Very nice as well. 




 Agreed, Lige waffles should be eaten vertically! 
























 is no one going to mention that pile of scallops?
 




 At least he's trying to make some deep convo too  




 cute... cat 




 Same in Belgium. They don't have to wear it while driving passengers (so that they can get out fast if someone tries to do a runner?) 




 Wow, you should definitely complain because that's a disgusting way to treat a person. Being completely honest, probably nothing will happen. I think you should complain for your own peace of mind and in the hopes it ends up in some sort of record. If you can give enough detail, maybe the asshole in question will get a slap on the wrist. I'm sure you're not the only person that ran away from a controller. The stib controllers are there to check your ticket, not critique your life. 




 *chants*  Quit! Quit! Quit! 




 
-I'd say most people on here are from Flanders

- I think you could be right about that. I think Walloons tend to be more into French culture, they have a bigger market that Dutch speaking areas so we have to turn to English media

- I have honestly no idea! 

- I'd say it goes for the whole country. We tend to see ourselves as two different people but when someone from the outside turns on us, suddenly we're all Belgians. 

- Being totally honest, yes. I personally think it's not done to eat with only your fork if you have company and I think a lot of people will agree.

- I agree with all of those, but I always like giving tourists Duvel for the hell of it. They think it's like lager while it's twice as strong at least! 




 I especially enjoyed Wouter Beke's posthumous stab at Stevaert's politics in the last decade. Exellent way of sharing your condolences.  




 endive gratin is the best thing in the world (even better when a grandmother makes it) 




 just bring toilet seat covers. Jeez. 




 Dude if you think it's a worm, post it in r/worm or something. I'm out here looking what I wanna cook for dinner tomorrow, and it's NOT WORMS 




 Then i wasn't the only one who noticed! It worries me because a lot of young people party over there (including me). It would make sense if it's a gang of some sort. I mean, a couple of people can easily toss a drunk teen/young person into icy water without any further damage.  




 Hodei, the exchange student that still hasn't been found was last seen in that neighborhood. They found another student named Germain in a different dock. There was also a portuguese man was found in yet another dock. I believe a couple of months ago they found another body that they couldn't identify. Don't know if this is a common thing in areas with docks but it just sprang to my attention that there have been a lot of people going missing and being found around there. 




 It's a little worrying how a handful of perfectly healthy young men have disappeared in that part of the city in the past few months and then turn up dead without any signs of violence (or don't turn up at all) 




 This kind of thing is probably what got the village fool castrated in the olden days 




 holy dad 




 You look amazing! That dress is very flattering on you as well 




 If someone you know has a penis (ANY penis) that looks like that, please send them to a doctor 




 I have a cookbook from roald dahl too and made lollipops on the back of pens a while back... Best purchase ever. Will try this sometime soon!! 




 I believe this was at tomorrowland. You could bump your head to the bass from a city away. 
























 meh, natural selection 




 Robert pattinson? Poor guy 




 Every time this guy opens his mouth, more bullshit comes out. 




 Same in Belgium, and the bags are red. (Two basic flavours are salt or paprika) 




 There's one like this in a bookstore in paris (i'm thinking virgin but i'm not sure) 




 Her lips aren't even that big... Kim's are bigger 




 College students in movies are always just hanging around campus and never actually in any classes, while in real life- No. Wait. That's exactly what I do all day. 




 i thought he was wearing a baret  




 is this from kanye's collection? 




 i don't know what race that guy thinks me and the bald dude are holding... 




 three extra seconds to do what? 




 being completely honest your hair always looks great underwater  




 but maybe don't do it in public 




 Did anyone watch this show where he cooks at home with his daughters and his voice is all soft and he acts like he's actually in love with these quails he's so lovingly stuffing  




 i bet he was lovely 




 i think it's a case of 'you had to be there' 




 titty clouds  




 There's this trashy reality tv show in germany that has like a dozen daughters and one son named Jeremy-Pascal. Pretty awful. 




 I was 13, and got a growth spurt which suddenly made me 5'8. Then we went on holiday in Rome and i wore all the same clothes i'd always worn, since i'd only gained height. A specific pair of white shorts- then hotpants got me so many whistles i didn't wear them for the rest of the trip. Hell, I was still reading lemony snicket back then! 




 How is this even remotely wtf 
























 I love the meatballs with the berries at ikea oh man 




 Don't know why you're getting downvoted, I totally agree.  




 I feel like it wasn't THAT intense for me but I definitely see what you mean. I wanna be a monster truck driver and have half naked men hang from the hood.  




 she looks stunning though  




 my uncle works in Beijing and he doesn't leave the house without one... got to admit it still looks kinda scary and weird 




 Women get their labia cut off and sewn up, making sex extremely painful, and oh yeah sometimes die in childbirth because of it too. Some dudes are unhappy because someone said they can't fully appreciate sex because they are circumcised. No one is actually sure this is true because they don't know what it feels like to have sex uncircumcised. Clearly these two issues are exactly the same. 




 This would annoy me 




 sorry i didn't know you were the reddit police won't happen again 




 I thought it was cute my 83 y/o grandpa was playing on this taped together gameboy he's had for like 30 years. But apparently you are all too damn salty and very professional redditors who only appreciate serious content. (Also, google stock image, because this is not one) 




 yes 




 Judaism is lovely though, mmmkay 




 k. 









 Like 90-95% of adults carry the herpes virus, you'll live 




 These were all the rage on german christmas markets  




 Yeah the guy does pop-ups! 














 Agent Provocateur lingerie. Bought a set that was on sale but still heavily overpriced. Wore it less than a handful of times and washed it cold, by hand, as specified on the label. Literally disintegrated after that. Apparently they started manufacturing in China but kept their pricing... There's a lot of unsatisfied customers on their FB page... 





























 Make sure you take IC or IR trains. L trains take you through the middle of nowhere and it will take hours... Unless you're into looking at cows for ages!  




 Feel like this is some kind of weird way to convince people Doel and Tihange are good things!!1! 




 There's a restaurant in antwerp that calls their horse steak a black beauty and it't be-a-utiful 




 Get an annulment  




 I eat raw meat quite often but man this is gross... Why does it have to be rotten? 




 Yeah i think you're alone in this 




 His girlfriend is clearly NOT fake and in it for the love and friendship 




 Like in the monument in berlin where people run through the blocks and hop from one to the next...  




 TIL people on reddit are very touchy about their pot 




 Daredevil was okay... Charlie Cox is pretty cute 




 Remember when Louis theroux emailed Do to ask if he could visit and he said they were too busy but sent him a badge... Very busy killing themselves 




 Belgium tho 




 Belgium with j'aime la vie in 86 if i'm correct 




 He was just trying to even out his complexion 




 Human skewer 




 Hope he's feeling better after getting those out! 




 'blahrgghaghahaagh' 




 Both pretty shit names anyway 




 It looks like it has little wheels 





























