 What region is it for, NA or EU? 




 There once used to be a super monster known as Kali, when she went jungling and got all three buffs she would be invulnerable. 




 Neith rank 9, going to be first to ten :D 




 Just send me a message over reddit or add me IGN: train_subject8459 and we can talk. 




 Neith being my favorite god, I would love this. 




 I would love the Kali skin because I'd love to have a convention skin and also because It's one of the only good Kali skins. 




 I honestly would love to see a 2v2 tournament because I only have 1 friend who I really play with, it really sucks that I want to enter but I don't have a team, mainly because of timezone issues so people I do add are all on different times. 




 Haha the trading in Civ 5 is fucked, I offered the Celts everything I had for a defensive pact, they said no :/

http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=200965522

http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=200965473

http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=200965500 




 that would be great for a me, being a bandit, i would paint "Friendly inside!" take them hostage then have some fun and then let them go after ransacking them. 




 Thanks for the responses on this great help, now i know how to get more cats :D. Thanks guys, you were a big help. 




 does anybody know how to get cats would love some feedback, thanks. 




 what game is the review for?
 




 I would really love to see a Neith background, one of my favorite gods 




 HALF-LIFE 3 CONFIRMED  




 Nice wallpaper, not too big a fan of Thor but it's still very nice 




 I agree, the art also doesn't bother me too much but I would like new items.
 




 sadly i also didnt either like alot of people, but we did all say merry christmas and people were quite cheerful, that made my day :) 




 Excellent photo continue to make more and have a Merry Christmas 
























 Thought had a question mark next to it :/ but yeah he seems to go in and out, I think he would be just out of the warriors but not really overall in the supports. 




 Guardians ~ Khumbhakarna, Geb and Athena

Warriors ~ Hercules and Sun Wukong

But I mainly just like the Guardians, not a big fan of warriors for support
 




 They said on a reddit post that you won't be able to obtain it until after odyssey since that way you would be able to get the skins for 200 gems instead of 600 gems.
http://www.reddit.com/r/Smite/comments/2dz1ro/buying_treasure_chest_for_runexe/

Edit - Link 




 Mine was stuck there for a few minutes around 7 minutes ago or so, but after a while it started to go up again, so for me all I had to do was wait. 




 I just tend to sit there searching the Smite reddit... like most other people 




 I love when people are actually friendly and a lot of fun can come from it, wish I was in that game with you sounded awesome. 




 Support Apollo 




 As soon as I saw this I thought of the custom W3 maps too, could be good for inspiration. 




 It does seem to be that way, all of the players I've used it with have been friendly and it really helps improve your teamwork, the only downside is when you go to chat and only one other person has it. 




 His 3 (Grasping Hands) already gives a slow 




 I had that problem, we fixed it by remaking the party 




 Who's the god to the right of you (With gold skin)? xD 




 Which do you think is your favourite god as support. 




 Can look at stats here https://account.hirezstudios.com/smitegame/stats.aspx 




 Your job is to try and help teammates, whether it's bodyblocking basics to save them, or using abilities to help them. Another job of yours is to set up kills for people and try to help them obtain kills. On top of this, you must ward all around, steal objectives with hand of the gods rank 3 and rotate all around helping other lanes and taking mid camps. 




 Does anybody know if you get a total of 150 gems, or does it stack each time so you get a total of 600? 




 Done and done 




 Might be able to get a copy for you, I'll post again if I do so to stop multiple attempts
 
























 Whilst it is a good thought, I find that it's just such a waste of water. 




 You can also find it easier to play with a friend and have them if they video, choose somebody who you'll talk with and will help you lighten up and not feel too nervous. 




 If that happened in rank.. no no, but the reason Apollo can support is the protections he gains from his mez (in case you were wondering). Also, you need to try two junglers, just get somebody who can play safely on ADC and maybe have them play Neith. 




 Whilst it is a good idea in thought, in theory it would fail as somebody could always just leave an obvious loss just so that the team doesn't suffer as big a TP loss. 




 Not to be rude or anything, but I could not understand what that meant. 




 Well good guy Greg, have you seen... support Apollo?! 




 Heyo 




 The best/main way to join a professional team is to play league and get to somewhere such as masters and get people to notice you. Good luck on your quest to make it big. 




 Each god has a Gold ~ God Rank 1, Legendary ~ God Rank 5 and recently added in the Cabrakan update Diamond ~ God Rank 10 skins. 




 Another piece of advice is actives, while beads can be really good, on a support it would be wiser to get something that helps your team, e.g. heavenly agility, shell or creeping curse. And would be nice to get a reply for feedback but can't since it is only for ranked, but looking at your stats you didn't seem to have done bad. If you have any questions feel free to PM me. 




 Before the Cabrakan update in which it fixed itself, I couldn't hear any gods taunts, jokes or laughs. Can you hear any of them for other gods? 




 Exactly, I'm getting sick of players who just want a snowball game, who cares if you're down eg 10 kills, if you work together and try you could actually bring it back instead of surrendering. 




 That seems about right 




 I play a fair amount of conquest and these all seem normal picks to me but I can still run Neith solo, Ra mid/solo, (Can't jungle). What servers do you play on, NA or EU? 




 Keep in mind, this way also helps encourage the support when to ward, generally you should make sure the area is clear before putting down a sentry to clear another in case this happens^^ but as somebody who mains support, it does get annoying being unable to rotate to a fight because that ability was used for a ward. 




 When I get a Geb shield on at the last second saving them with the smallest amount of health and they escape (although it generally inspires people to run back in *sigh*) 




 P S with Garterbelt is an awesome series... if only they made season 2 




 Hoping for a Neith skin 
























 If I see more of these types of posts.... dear lord shoot me 




 Yeah, but it does make a difference when one team has a Guan Yu and the other team has nobody to heal. 




 Also if he does this, try to save him but don't let him rope you in and get you killed also. 




 Khumbhakarna, chasing enemies who can't do any damage to you and yawning them over and over is so amusing 




 Don't forget you can place a ward around the corner so that when the time comes, certain gods will have vision, such as Neith having vision for her ulti 




 But then it's a Hercules support who doesn't need that petty health pot. 




 On top of that, people with actual issues (such as recently my power went out) would suffer for something they couldn't help, which isn't really fair. 




 I miss old Freya when you could build physical items and crit with her. 




 I currently have him to mastery 10 and personally feel he is not as fun as the other Guardian's, the thing going for him is the moment when you get a shield off that saves somebody at the last moment. 




 Don't worry, Athena is just as good. 




 And unlike 4v4 because it's chaotic, the game games go faster, as apposed to just farming, one side team wipes and then it's gg. 




 Kali 1v1 




 It appears it was developed by Ymir, so it must be good! 




 What game is it? 




 Would be awesome if they tested out an all chat like in LoL, then you could talk to each other and compliment them easier. But would need to be used for a bit and get feedback. 




 Well I play Aphrodite Solo, I prioritize warlocks sash so that I get get the stacks early and sometimes I like to start with a bumba's mask since the mana regen on that can really help, but otherwise I'd go with a shroud. 




 Would be great if somebody in the community could do this to work with you and create a proper launcher image as not much can be judged with that, although it doesn't seem like a bad idea. 




 Looking at their team, I'm guessing they ran Apollo and Artemis duo? 
























 I do believe it is just some emotes and the Poseidon and Neith skins.  




 I must now do this... I was firetruck to victory~! 




 I would really love the SWC Ares Skin! My favorite god is Geb, his woohoo on G.E.B 1 is glorious and that feeling you get when you shield save is awesome.  




 Larry the Sea Serpent and Karl the Siege Monster 




 Need to add a nothing option 




 So I guess we all care! 




 Geb's roll out lasts forever and when roll out is active he ults around him 




 What server was this on?
 




 Currently 6496 on Frostmourne....BRING IT ON (This could take like 8 hours) 




 I would be a great game to play, although atm not really due to the lag and queues because of the new expansion release, best to give it some time to die down. 




 Last moment saves as Geb in a premade conquest 




 I shall achieve this skin somehow 




 Unless you get in a queue with people like me who want to get support xD, it's a rare occasion to have two people call support. 




 You'd be best just playing it anyway and learning, try to explain to people you're trying to learn conquest since you don't play it much, a few will still BM and a few will understand, but even if you go 20-0 there with be somebody going 1-13 who BM's you. 




 This sounds like a scam... will you do it for 0.03 instead? 




 It is wonderful! How much for this piece? 




 Atleast make the shot a clean one so I don't suffer for a long time burning 




 9mm rounds 
























 Hoxton Breakout Overkill 




 Who uses guns to stop a drop bear... just got to use some Vegemite behind the ear 




 Nah they're harmless, just keep them around as pets. 




 Isn't that what everybody does? 




 Could add something like in Battlefield to make own icon 




 Spliced~! 




 Happy Cake Day~! 




 You could try running an event for female gamers looking to join a team, this could be to help them be recruited and put them in with other players looking to find and team and hopefully less abusive people. I do know that quite a lot of men abuse women over curse and in-game and I feel the professionals would not. (If you get my vibe.) 




 It will make it so the damage and root duration after hitting the first target won't be reduced. 




 I do believe it's a harpoon. 




 You get toughened out in casual conquest, the lack of constant ranked for us makes casuals the new ranked xD 




 I'm good thanks 3, now if only PayPal did what they said, 3-5 business days instead of their current 7-15 business days *sigh* 




 What server do you play on? 




 What server do you play on, because I rarely to never get anybody BMing me and friends when we play in a pre-made (Australian servers) 




 That would be the change over to season 2, which is hoped to be out by 11th Feb last I heard 




 Good god, I have no gems to spend and I want that Neith skin 




 The not confirmed but supposed date is 11th Feb 




 Well apparently shoes of focus are now first item for supports, get a massive amount of pots at the start and pick up mark of the vanguard
Here is link to how to build support season 2 ~ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0lWIFZ_gnFI
Edit: Video link 
























 ......Kukukachu, whatcha got there, oh a big, stupid doo-doo head. 




 Or the ability to have odd amount of players, so a 1v2 instead of making it have to be a 2v2 




 How could anybody argue with that. 




 Shame, I wanted to feel special. 




 From my memory, they said that these skins would be exclusive until the event ended, and once it ended, they'd no longer be available :/ .Well thanks for clearing this up, guess my memory didn't serve correctly. 




 I was wondering as to why odyssey skins are available in chests, when they were meant to be exclusive to the odyssey event. Did HiRez tweet anything or put up a post giving an insight as to this decision and providing more information? 




 Woops forgot, thanks for that :) 




 I have a tendency to write "shit" and because I don't like to edit my work, it stays. 




 He forgot a letter. 




 Ouch, well I wish you good luck in acquiring the skin and hope that HiRez does give you the skin. 




 I may have missed something along the line, but what Hel skin is this, and what did you have to do to obtain it? 




 Yes.... you were sleepwalking... 




 Tea, I find it more calming/relaxing. 




 **Animal Farm, By George Orwell.** 




 Why do men wearing engagement/wedding rings tend to attract the attention of more women? 




 The controller with the wire can be used on the PC for games that are difficult with a keyboard, e.g. Skullgirls or Assassins Creed. It also helps with emulators. 




 Am I the only one bothered by the fact that her melee is a musket? 




 And this is why we should all love cats 
























 There is a sample of each on the Fallout wiki.

Edit: Source ~ http://fallout.wikia.com/wiki/Gary_%28clone%29   Found under notable quotes. 




 Todd Harris said in an interview that he will be one of the companions you can have.

Edit: Source ~ https://youtu.be/DqQqeEgWb7Q?t=8m45s 




 I'd also recommend playing Fallout 3 as supposedly there will be references from Fallout 3 placed into Fallout 4. 




 People have been complaining that they can't get a Pipboy Edition because scalpers have been buying them up and then selling them for at least double their original price; some going for around $300. 




 Could you provide a source for the irradiated storms, haven't seen anything on them :3.

Edit: Thanks for the sources guys. 




 G7F2P-MWYJ9-3HHT4-KMQKF-XY9FZ
Hope you love it~!
Please reply if you get it, so others don't waste time trying to claim it. 




 After my many hours on Payday: The Heist and Payday 2 I've be conditioned to keep my eye out in buildings for the security guards and cameras. 




 I got to the point where there were roughly a thousand+ misc items outside the entrance to Whiterun. If you looked directly at it, your game would crash. 




 Though I enjoyed it, I found it to be too linear and restricting, you don't have to work out different ways to solve puzzles, but have to do that one specific thing. 




 Fallout 4 trailer just came out.... hype is real. 




 Yet less cars. 




 These are some really cool ideas, I love em'. 




 I recently stopped playing DayZ and have been thinking of getting back into it, but I just find the lack of goals to be boring. What do you guys do to stop yourself from getting bored, aside from playing with friends. 




 Warlords? 




 Depends on the game, but in some games e.g. Battlefield, you should never reload prematurely unless you are 100% sure it's safe, because you could always walk into somebody whilst reloading. 




 Why is it, that a person's hair/facial hair can go grey, but their eyebrows tend not to? Or is it just the people I've seen and they do normally go grey?
 




 Sorry I chose that wording, I was playing LoL at the time so I didn't double check it etc. 




 Or they could encourage donations and support through that, instead of making me pay $2+ for a minigame that let's me go fishing.... 
























