 Not to mention, their customer support is unbelievable. I didn't really know about my 944 when I bought it, and I called them to do my timing belt order and their staff picked out everything I need. They're an extremely helpful group. 




 Yeah I think that's the one exception, but no doubt about it it's a dream machine. I go to bed every night thinking about it wishing that it was mine. The hard lines on it are gorgeous. 




 Guards red 




 Who would have thought of such a concept? 




 You're also forgetting about the drive train, if I recall correctly, the wheels on the sports train were bigger than the factory wheels on the Jag, and the drive train wouldn't be able to handle it, you're essentially up gearing it. 




 Yeah for sure, I think what they do is tell the builders basically what they want, then they stand around with their hands in their pockets monitoring the progress.  




 I don't think many people realize that a lot of the things on the show were not actually made by Jeremy, James, and Richard. I mean look at the cheap train travel episode, do you really think that they were all capable of making a car into train? It's not as simple as just throwing 4 metal discs onto a car. But then again, I still like to believe. 




 Haha I know that pain, I took my family out for a ride in mine for the first time a couple weeks ago, and my dad made my mom sit it the front seat while he laid across the back seats it was pretty funny. 




 But isn't camber beneficial if you're tracking it? As long as if it's not stupid hellacamber like every 18 year olds wet dream Honda, it should be helpful.  




 So he sold the MR2 because he couldn't put a two year old in it. Quite frankly I don't see how long the 944 will last then, seeing as it really doesn't have rear seats. But anyways, congratulations on the purchase! Where I'm from its very hard to find a MR2 in great condition.  




 Oh god yeah they do... I just had my 1994 Cutlass fixed for rotted trailing arm mounts. I bought new trailing arms and undercoated them, I probably should have done it a while ago living in New England. 




 I'd have a +4 car garage, but have no house. Have the garage be well built, clean, finished, and I would park a Chevy Astro in it with a mattress inside of it and use that as a "house". Of course there would be running water. 




 Yup, can confirm. I work at an auto body and this happens on almost more than half the cars we get. 




 Never thought of it that way, that does make a a lot of sense then. 




 I don't know much about track days, but would this be considered driver fault? Or track fault. It seems to me that maybe the track should cover damages, but I don't know why. Just my 2 cents. 




 The inertia from its blazing speed will keep it on even if the second one falls off  




 3 lug wheels are the best  




 Thank you very much! Now I'll have some new tracks to fool around with tonight. 




 Links would be very much appreciated. 




 Thank you so much, Live for Speed never even crossed my mind. I do have the trial version of it, but it definitely looks like I'll be buying the full version now.  




 Not sure if this gets posted a lot, but I have been looking everywhere for any type of autocross mod for any game. Each time I go to Google all it brings up is rallycross, because as far as I know rallycross is called autocross everywhere but the state's. I do have an autocross track for race 07, and it's okay. I know absolutely nothing about modding and modeling either, so me making a track is absolutely out of the question. 




 I am not sure if this is allowed on this subreddit, but here it goes. I'm not trying to promote this business in any way, nor am I affiliated with them, but they do have coupons on Simpson helmets if anyone is interested. Most of the helmets are $50 off of original MSRP, except for the carbon fiber helmets which are $100 off of MSRP. http://www.biondoracing.com/ 




 Holy shit, I think I know who you're talking about. Is his nickname by any chance either Doctor Dave, or Doctor Dan? I've been to his garage before and he collects Hursts like hot cakes, and they are all stupid fast. 




 Kazoo rims go woo woo! 




 I always thought that the 944 looked kind of meh in pictures, but I actually recently bought one as a track car project; and holy shit. Pop up headlights and 80s box flares? Does it get any better than that? 




 I live about an hour and a half from Lime Rock, I'm seriously regretting not doing it. 




 I'd say keep it simple. Start from the ground up with wheel, tires brakes, suspension, etc. You'd be surprised how far that alone would get you. If you feel ambitious, why not do your own paint job. I really don't know what's out there for parts, but then again that's what the internet is for. Lastly, before you do anything I suggest pricing out what you want to do and how far you actually want to go with it. Congratulations on the project, and good luck. 




 I'm no where near California, but I'll be sure as hell to keep an eye out. Anything to help out a fellow car lover. 




 I've never done either of them, but I feel like plastidip may actually be more expensive. With a wrap as far as I know you can peel off and put the wrap back on, where as plastidip the conditions have to be just perfect and you have to worry about airborne annoyances. 




 I've had my fanatec for around a year and a half now, somehow I have had no problems with mine which is extremely strange, except for the fact the alacantra is wearing off and it's kind of ratty looking. I'm running a TH8 with it for a shifter and I would highly recommend it. The feel to it is unbelievable. 




 I really wish that more sims would have 80s and 90s IMSA cars. I remember reading that someone was going to make a GTO mod for rFactor but it was never actually finished. 




 OK, thank you very much. They are real Irwin vice grips but I will try again when I get the chance. I really don't want to leave gouge marks but I guess if that's what it comes down to I will. 
























 So does the supercharger double the money that's supposed to come out then? 




 Each time I money shift in my car, no money comes out but instead my car turns off and there's a lot of smoke. Am I doing something wrong? My mechanic says I've "blown the engine" but no money comes blowing out like it should. 




 While my problems are much less significant, I had to put a splash shield on a Sentra, which should take .2 hours, and it took me a solid 2 hours because aftermarket splash shields just don't fit no matter what you do. 




 I've always wanted to be an endurance racer, maaaaaaasive upgrade  




 We've been through a lot together and it's the least I could do. 




 I'm hungry like the wolf for specs right now 




 I see what you did there 
Edit: Words 




 For some reason, this one really hit me in the feels. You know what they say, a dog is a man's best friend. 




 240z long noses are absolutely stunning, almost like a mini E-Type 




 I couldn't agree more, I gotta find some time to actually get a decent picture of my 944 to post on here. 




 Haha, every now and then Hoobastank plays on my local Alt/Rock station, but either way, absolutely gorgeous RX7. I love the idea of a sleeper RX7, even though the RX7 is already fast as it is.  









 I don't wave, I flip the lights in my 944 and I don't get anything back sadly. 




 Well yeah know that, but I'm talking about with paper work or stuff like that, I don't know the slightest thing about importing cars. 




 Did you buy yours new? I'm just wondering how you can legally get a Noble into the USA. I see them on eBay all of the time, and if I wasn't a broke high school student I'd love to buy one hahaha. I really want to import an R32 Skyline GTS once I'm older, but I'm scared that I may screw something up and have it get impounded.  




 Congrats, I can see why you won the award. The M12 and M400 are such sexy cars.  




 Wow... I really can't believe I didn't think of that, then again, that's what this subreddit is for, thanks! 




 Okay, thank you very much. Looks like I'll have to run out to the store for next time.  




 I'm not exactly sure if this is the correct place to post this, but it's nearly impossible to take the rims off without chipping the clear coat and paint off of them. It has the early offset phone dials, so the lugs are set pretty far back. I use a 19mm deep impact, and no matter how careful I am, the lugs spin really loose and bounce around everywhere taking clear and paint off. Is there anything else I can do to prevent it? It's a track car, so I regularly take the wheels off, so the rims are starting to look pretty gaudy now.  




 How could you hate it? I think it's amazing. 




 I bought a manual for my 944 on eBay for $10 (I think) and it's on a CD. You can rip it as many times as you want to all of your electronic devices which is handy. Especially I'd you have a smart phone that can read PDF files so you can always have your manual on the go in your pocket. I couldn't find an online manual for the 944, but I have no clue if there is an online one for the 924. Anyways, congrats on the purchase, hope you enjoy it! 




 Gotta agree, Lime Rock Parks has some pretty damn good food on the infield. My friends step dad races at the vintage festival, and we always go down, grab some food then watch the races on top of their trailer. And since the restaurant is on the infield, you get to see all of the cars drive by in between races. 




 Massachusetts 




 No, that was the Burma special. 




 I learned my lesson. I have an 1986 944 and it's absolutely fantastic, and the way it feels is just unexplainable. But that being said, like everyone else is saying, maintenance is a chore due to high prices of parts. And not to mention, timing belts... I did plan on buying a mk3 supra before I stumbled across the 944. They're cheap where I live, and parts are abundant.  




 I know I'm late to the party, but I don't like miatas. They're completely overrated. I'm not saying that they're a bad car by any means, but they're just over hyped.
I'll show myself out now... 




 Aww hell yeah, I've been growing up with Oldsmobiles all my life. My dad still has his first car from high school, which is a 71 Cutlass. My goal is to keep my 1994 Cutlass for as long as possible. I've always loved that body style, with the narrow quad bucket headlights.  




 Most of it is done. Exterior is basically done, it was in really rough shape when we bought it. The kid we bought it off of had high hopes of restoring it but just couldn't find money for it, so we pulled it out of his yard after it had been sitting for 10 years. All of the exterior was a home base bodge job so it was really rough. And since it was a New England car, every square inch on the quarters, doors, and fenders were completely rotted out. The interior isn't too bad yet we haven't started on it yet. It's all there but a lot of the plastics are faded so they need to be painted. But we really lucked out with the purchase because honestly the car could have been on its way out. Considering how rare they were, we just couldn't pass it up. Luckily since my dad only buys Oldsmobiles we had most of the parts already just from hoarding them. 




 Gotta ask, is it a legit 442? My dad and I are restoring an 83 Hurst/Olds right now, G Bodies are getting harder and harder to come by now, glad to see at least someone else appreciates them on this subreddit. 




 I have an 86 944 that WAS guards red but then Maaco got a hold of it and did a rather poor paint job on it so all the clear peeled and then turned to guards pink, I would definitely like to repaint it myself as a project this winter. 




 Looks awesome! How does your posture feel while racing? The problem I had when I built my rig is that I just kinda threw it together, so it's not the most comfortable thing in the world. 




 I'm guessing that they're probably revisiting a challenge. 
























 I've been searching for months for meets in the western Massachusetts area. The only one that's around me is my local elks club and it's really all old dudes in corvettes.  




 He can't even  




 Mines been sitting in our backyard for about 4 or 5 years now. My dad and I plan on making it into a straight axle drag car. 




 Holy shit another redditor with an F85! 




 Good God that thing is gorgeous, you should cross post it back into r/Porsche  




 My dads friend has a 1985 Countach. I don't think I have ever ridden in a car that was so amazing and so shitty at the same time. It looked and felt like it was built in a shed. But it was just such a surreal experience being able to ride in one of my hero's.  




 Or as Regular Cars would say FIX IT AGAIN TYRONE! 




 I spy with my little eye a turbo Buick :D 




 I can't remember what they're called, but the rims that are on the 993 GT2, they're a 3 piece rim that's based on the cup rims. 




 How can we see if our eyes aren't real 




 Or did a line, because you know, 80s 




 My dads best friend has a Countach that had a throw out bearing that went bad, and he asked us to fix it. We have to pull the engine out to get to it. Literally no idea how this is going to go 
Edit: Once the time comes, I'll post a whole album of us doing it. 




 It just looks so goofy that it works  




 As much as I hate low riders, I would definitely drive this one. It's not every day you see a Tercel like that. 




 This is Falken stupid, these Falken puns need to stop 




 The submarine factory called, they want their porthole back. 




 Wilwood big brake kits will do wonders. 




 I have a story as well! Last year, my cousin and I went to a swap meet and I brought literally no money. My dad was in Hong Kong at the time, so he told me to use some of his money if I found some Oldsmobile parts. Well, we head to the car corral, and there's this god awful 1980 Cutlass that's brougham 2 tone baby blue. The seller was asking $3,000 for it, so I told me dad. He said to go get some money and my cousin and I can go halfsies on it so we can flip it. Well, that's what we did. We ended up getting the car for only $1,300. I tell my dad we had bought it and he was pretty proud because we managed to get the price that low. We brought it back to my house and my mom was PISSED. We already have 8 cars at my house and when she saw this Cutlass roll through I thought she was going to kill me. My dad on the other hand, proud as fuck.  




 Ballaban is way worse IMO 




 Good God... What the hell is going on the with the front bumper cover  




 Ok I'll have to try that, but no of my other games are crashing like GTR2 though, even the other simbin games. 




 I tried configuring it through steam and through the directory for the video settings, but I took a break so I'll try audio next time I get the chance. 




 Tried all of that, and nothing. I asking tried running it in compatibility mode, uninstalling and reinstalling and still nothing. 




 http://s1374.photobucket.com/user/train_subject1541/library/Mobile%20Uploads 




 I can see why, there is no such thing as a cheap Porsche. The price of parts isn't too terrible, the thing that gets you is how often you need to do maintenance and all the special tools that you need. It's my autocross car so it only sees wear and tear for about 5 minutes each month. The Cutlass isn't bad at all, just because it has the 3.1 and not the 3.4. I bought mine for a grand and pretty much did a mini restoration. I bought 2 parts cars, got what I needed, and sold what I didn't need. I'm currently into the car for only about 1,200. 
Edit: Words 









 Damn that sucks, I absolutely love it though. I can't tell you the last time I've ever seen one driving on the road. I basically restored it my freshman and sophomore year. When I first purchased it, it was red, broken into, rotted, smelt bad, and had the most disgusting interior ever. Bought 2 parts cars, swapped out all parts I needed, then sold the unwanted parts. It basically looks brand new now inside and out, and I'm only into it for a grand. 




 Picked up a girl after school one day. It was pouring out, and I mean pouring out. I love my Cutlass to death, but since it's a convertible, the thing leaks more than Chernobyl leaks radiation. We're driving home, and water is literally going everywhere and it's not stopping anytime soon. Of course my side doesn't leak that much, and it's the passenger side that's terrible. Needless to say, she wasn't a fan of my Cutlass, and I took that shit right in the feels.
Edit: Completely forgot to mention I spun a bearing in it while in the school parking lot. Made the most horrifying sound ever. 




 I'll trade you the 550 for my 917/30 




 Did someone say new wheel bearings every year? 




 Gotta go fast 




 I have a really soft spot for the Javelin, ever since I saw the old Trans Am road race cars, I've been obsessed with them since. 
http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_FoXyvaPSnVk/S_rkktXroxI/AAAAAAAC4ss/8MaD1Te2Jb0/s800/1971-AMC-Javelin-Penske-Transam-001.jpg 
























 Join the 944 master race, 3 years or 20,000 miles
Edit: forgot to mention balance shaft belt, rollers, and water pumps as well. 




 I had no idea this existed... Your friend is very lucky  




 Was this at Stafford? 




 :( 




 First gen Honda NSX, Porsche 964 Turbo 3.8 or 993 GT2, and a Dauer 962 which is the street legal homolgation Porsche 962 Le Mans car. 




 Yeah I'm level 32, the only car I got was a beetle, and I've never gotten a payout above 18,000 




 I remember reading somewhere, the 25 year rule had to do with Mercedes. If I'm not mistaken, it had to do with buying car cheaper overseas and importing them, rather than buying directly from show rooms. And yeah, emissions and safety are a massive thing too. 




 Probably not, the AE111 had a high revving naturally aspirated 4 banger with ITBs and a 6 speed. 




 Every single time I see a petition for it, I back it up and it always gets shot down. 




 Nope 




 Look! Another car we can't get in the USA but we all want! 




 Mines a 1986, and what I like about it most over the other ones, is that it has the newer interior. But if I'm not mistaken, 87 was the first year when air bags and anti lock brakes were introduced, so if your going for a more mechanical feel, I'd say go 86 or older. As for cost, I can't say for sure. 




 I'm going to go out on a limb and say the 2.0 VTEC. I have it swapped into my AE86, with a maxed out naturally aspirated build and it just revs and makes the coolest induction noise. 




 You'll enjoy it, I'm really glad for you it worked out in the end. Post some pics when you get it. 




 https://www.etsy.com/listing/186489964/my-bad-autocross-road-cone-decal-choose?utm_source=google utm_medium=product_listing_promoted utm_campaign=geekery-humor-low-other ione_adtype=pla ione_creative=56602783835 ione_product_id=186489964 ione_product_partition_id=91551949235 ione_store_code= ione_device=m ione_product_channel=online ione_merchant_id=14469981 ione_product_country=US ione_product_language=en gclid=Cj0KEQiAhvujBRDUpomG5cq_mI0BEiQA7TYq-vHw4KZigZzKNJEPRbbnbpRGgmRkKM0IETKX4q0WVqUaAtVA8P8HAQ 




 yes 




 I just turned 18, and I can say that trying to find decent rates has been pretty hard just because of age. My dad has Hagerty insurance on his cars, so I threw my 944 on there and I only pay $100 a year. The o my problem is, I'm not allowed to drive it without my dad in the car until I turn 21. What really puzzles me is Hagerty actually has something on their website about younger drivers and getting them involved in the car scene, yet they don't want to insure us.  




 The 964 is easily one of my favorite generations, congrats on the purchase!  




 I really want a 4AG in my 944 with ITBs.  




 What's with all the not silver 918s on here lately? Not in a bad way though, the Orange one that was posted here a couple days ago was fantastic. 









 Yeah it is the CTR, CTR 2 is the 993 




 You'd be correct, black headlight buckets and HRE 935s. 









 Dude your girlfriend has an FRS and 993! 




 Who'd you normally do the track days through? NASA does HPDE for around $50 each if you have a membership. You also get instructor time as well.
Edit: I read it wrong. It's $45 membership and the actual varies from track to track. 




 It's doing well. Its my autocross car, and starting next year dedicated track car. I'm in the process of stripping it down to bare minimum now.  




 I dig the blue accents, it suits the car very well. 




 Doesn't the lotus esprit use them as well? 




 It's nice to see a 918 that's not silver for once. 




 Do it, I bought mine last year right after I turned 17. Out of all the very few cars I've driven, the 944 is the best. I was told it would be a money pit, and since I ordered pretty much all the parts from Rock Auto I saved a bunch of money. The best part is you get the satisfaction of telling people that you fixed a Porsche yourself. 




 I'm going to guess, timing belt snapped, or you need to replace it? 
























 For me, it's just freedom. It's those late nights coming home from hanging out with your friends and being the only one on the road. Windows down, music softly playing with the low rumble of the exhaust, it's just the most surreal experience ever. 




 The reason I went with it is because my 944 isn't my daily driver. It's just my autocross car. 




 Definitely, I think the reason why Hagerty is so much lower than normal carriers is because of the restrictions that put on. Meaning it needs to be stored in a garage, can't be driven more than 5,000 miles a year, and you need to have at least 25 to drive alone.  




 It really depends on which insurance carrier you have. There was a thread a couple weeks ago here about insurance for junior operators. I pay $100 a year on mine and I'm 18, but that's because its on Hagerty. The downfall with Hagerty is that if you're under 25, you're not allowed to drive alone. 




 http://www.forzamotorsport.net/Handlers/GetPhoto.ashx?game=fh2 id=1765060 full=true 




 I do it's in my computer, I'll upload it tonight when I get home from work  




 Close enough haha, they are probably my favorite style rim  




 Love the Watanabes, works great with the color. 




 I CAN BREAK THESE CUFFS! 




 Volvo wagons, and Subaru  




 Yeah that's what I said, until I walked back into school. 




 I'm really sorry for you loss, I can tell you that your father was a great man. 




 I absolutely love the Maxima, it looks soooooo clean  




 Awwww yes, us Northeastern guys don't get much attention at all in any racing games. 




 Fujimi, Tskuba, and for new tracks I really want Lime Rock. 




 M'Jeep 




 Not to mention, that's an eBay no name brand steering wheel. That alone would put me off knowing that the owner was willing to sacrifice safety for the "JDM" factor. Even if it's a small thing like a steering wheel, what else did the owner skimp out on? 




 The only somewhat interesting car at my schools parking lot is a Honda Fit that's completely riced out 




 Ooohhhhh my god yes, the shifters in it are amazing. 




 Can't forget about the McLaren F1 




 Not shitty 
Edit: just noticed the gold tooth, that's pretty shitty 




 Is this the same Galpin that was on pimp my ride? 




 Sounds like you got an awesome project on your hands. 




 Nice! What other mods do you have planned if there are any others? 




 I like it. A lot. It reminds of the VIP cars, but yet it's still subtle that it looks completely natural.  




 Yup, Upgarage! It turns out, you can actually have them ship overseas too. What I did was sent all of the parts I wanted to their headquarters, and that's where my dad is going. I just figured since my dad was going there for the week I'd save hundreds on shipping :D 




 I'm sourcing a set of Watanabes, and I'm getting a Momo steering wheel, parts in Japan are soooooo cheap 




 I think it's in the box.  




 1996 Porsche 993tt 




 This is what my dad's currently doing for me right now while he's in Japan. I think it you put it in a cardboard box, you can label it as luggage and bring it home on the plane.
Edit: I forgot, I think the total price has to be under $400. 




 The race never started because it never worked! 




 Going by your name I assume you have a 951 track car. Got any pics? 
























 It honestly doesn't make me excited at all. There's so many angles I see in it that look all too familiar to other cars. More specifically, I see a mix of the P1 and La Ferrari in the rear, the quarters are from a Hyuaraurauara, the front end is from a Marcos, and the roof and windshield is from a Agera and the list just goes on. I'm not a Ford guy but I mean come on, it's just ridiculous. It just looks like another generic rendering to me of a supercar.
 




 Yeah, god forbid you go against the r/cars circle jerk. The OP asked a question, and I answered it with my opinion, yet it's still wrong. 




 Yeah that's basically it, the 360 and 430 are just... Wrong. They don't look proportional to me. I think the 355 is the last of the beautiful Ferraris. 




 I can't say I have  




 To be honest, I really don't know why I don't like it. I think it looks cool and everything, but there's just something about modern Ferraris that makes me feel bored. 




 Ferrari 458 




 That's what happened with my CSR pedals. All the pots got dirty, so the pedals wouldn't be recognized at all. From what I read, there's an auto-calibrate in the wheel, and if the pots are dirty the wheel won't see the pedals at all. The only way I could get it to work before I realized I had to clean them, was the repeatedly unplug and plug in the pedals. 




 That's true, I may just settle for CSRE 




 Dayum, TE37s? 




 I'm going to Japan this summer vacation. Is there anything around the Tokyo area where I can catch some drifting? I've always been fascinated by their drift scene and I really want to check it out. Also, if for say there was a gathering one night, how friendly are they towards spectators? I really don't want to be that guy that shows up uninvited.  




 I wish haha, that still may not be enough  




 I'm torn, I can either buy brake pads for my 944, or buy Clubsport pedals... 




 Looks awesome, I've always loved A-Bodies. I've always had the Oldsmobile bug ever since I can remember. My dad has had his 1971 Cutlass since high school.  




 Pics of the Oldsmobile? 




 Hi all. I really don't know much about rocketry except for they go fast and go boom. But being that you are all college undergrads and it seems like you've made some awesome progress. That being said, how close are your ties with other big companies such as NASA and SpaceX?
Edit: Hi Joe  




 His shocks are heavy, his wheels weak hood rotted. There's oil in his coolant already, blown gasket.
Snap back to crimpers, oh there goes busted solder joints.
Oh there goes my 8 gage wire, he's shorted. 
He's so fiery, he explodes.
He's so smokey but he won't burn out that easy.
Edit: Happy cake day! 




 Knees weak wires spaghetti 




 Hi neighbor! 




 I'm pretty new to autocross and racing in general, but if I'm off the line, is it bad to leave it in first for ~5 seconds if it's held at about 3,500 rpm? I feel like I'm putting strain on the motor, but I also feel if I shift into second it's just going to bog down. It's a 1986 944 if that helps. 




 I'd say Anywhere But Here, I really like the part where it says "So I dropped out of a mile race, a race with no finish line, no first or last place." But that's just my 2 cents  




 Politics and tipping intensifies  




 I thought about changing it, but nah 




 Cage my 944 




 There's plenty of places that will do ~100 stickers for around $30. If this becomes a thing I will gladly buy some  




 Dream car: Dauer 962
Attainable Dream car: Porsche 930 




 This is like the best news Everest, DRM is possibly my favorite mod ever for any game.  




 Try looking inside the force feedback settings of GT5, I normally keep it on 7 or 8 for my GT3 




 It's really a shame because they are really nice looking cars  




 That's possibly the cleanest 924 ever 




 Is this the same Puch that makes mopeds? 




 Damn it OP, it's gorgeous. The AW11 is on the top of my list for affordable dream cars.  




 94 civic hatch with 13000 in mods 
























 240Z with race cams and exhaust with all handling upgrades. You won't be disappointed.  




 Funny enough the first and only time I saw one was at the Oldsmobile nationals 3 or 4 years ago.  




 I've been looking into importing a Cappuccino, but it's so hard to find websites that are super sketchy. I guess I'll just have to wait until I can afford to fly to Japan and buy one.  




 I did, I was feeling pretty lazy. 









 I am almost positive that is an LM spoiler, and not aftermarket 




 Is that the Gas Monkey F40? 




 Will you marry old gregg I like you I want to marry you  




 I'm a huge fan of RWB, but their 964s just don't really speak to me as much as their 930s and 993s 




 Is there any way to change rim models on a car? I'm currently working on a Rauh Welt skin for the Yellowbird, and it just does not look right with the base rims. If I made a model for a new rim, is there any way that I can swap it out? More specifically, it really needs 3 piece rims. 




 I'm having that same exact problem as well, no matter what gear or rpm 




 Yeah, and I don't think that was a factory color either, but the owner could have changed it.  




 It doesn't look like it. The fenders don't look flared enough, but still a great looking car either way.
Edit: just noticed there's a rear window wiper, I'm almost positive no GT2s had them  




 Should be in your inbox now, enjoy! 




 Well that just ruined my day, German shepards are my favorite breed  




 Hey everyone, I just got an email from Fanatec with the invite code. I'm not going to use it, so if any of you want it just let me know. It's US only.  




 Yaaaaaaaaaaas, I absolutely love these videos. I've been waiting for the 2014 one for a while. 




 3.1 was probably already wreaking havoc on itself with head gaskets  




 Really digging the color  




 Yes 




 That's really weird, I used to have that problem too but all I had to do was reinstall drivers and firmware and it worked fine. Best of luck though. 




 993 GT2 




 I just bought it and it's working fine. I don't know why there would be a problem in the first place. 




 I recently started playing Forza 4 again, and I was going to buy the Porsche DLC, but I was told by a friend that the DLC doesn't work anymore. I'm not exactly sure what he means, but I was curious to if any of guys have bought DLC lately and have had any problems. 




 'Straya ya bogan 









 I would love to see some chase footage, but I have no idea I'd any club would allow it  




 Love the winch on the front  




 Aren't you guys in eastern MA sitting at like 50" total right now? And I thought we got it hard here in western MA 




 My god  




 What kind of crack are you smoking? I replaced the timing belt, balance belt, all the pulleys, and water pump in mine for around $400.  




 But 600HP is still pretty impressive considering that its a 3.5 V6. I'm assuming that it will be mostly carbon fiber, so I can imagine that it will be pretty light which will help with power to weight. 
























 Off the top of my head for the things that aren't pictured are, stainless steel braided brake lines, most of the emissions equipment is gone, heater and ac was removed, turbo S sway bars, and poly bushings. I'm pretty sure there's more stuff that I'm forgetting, but as for other mods, gutted interior, Autopower roll cage, Momo Daytona seat, Momo steering wheel, rebuilt calipers, stoptech rotors, Hawk HP Plus race pads, fiberglass header panel, and a custom billet shifter. 









 As an Oldsmobile guy,I'm super jealous  




 Favorite evo by far 




 I'm sorry rum ham  




 oops I dropped my magnum condom for my monster dong 




 Awesome, thanks for the info. A full M030 setup came up on rennlist a while ago, definitely wish I got it now. The rear end just feels so soggy on it. 




 Yeah yeah yeah Burt versus Myers videos never get old. I still understand how people can race there. My dad crews on an SK team at Stafford and even there is pretty hectic. 




 No coilovers, all the other suspension is stock right now. I haven't really thought about a light weight flywheel yet. Right now, I'm just trying to get the car buttoned up so if can be ready for the first PCA autocross this Sunday  




 No hablo germano 




 Upgarage is the best, I got a brand new Watanabe for only $40. Also, super jelly of all the cars. Especially the Rauh Welts 




 M'Vette 




 I'd be terrified to do Lemons with the base Autopower... I'm cringing just thinking about it  




 It is in an Autopower. There's no way in hell I would actually race with that cage. Not to mention the fact that the windshield bar is way too close to your face. I'm not exactly sure how those cages can be SCCA, or PCA legal. My dad is on an asphalt modified team, so we're going to work with their chassis builder and have them build something for us. Also, the door bars are pretty useless because they don't come above the seat  




 Already subbed  




 Yes, there are plates underneath it. Once I start doing spec 944, I'm going to ditch the bolt in and go for a full weld in 




 I am planning on getting one for sure 




 Thanks! I really appreciate it  




 Very, especially with my helmet on  




 Uploaded 




 Album is uploaded 




 Here's the album: http://imgur.com/a/Ex39G
I know the album is pretty short, but I was rushing to get it posted before my laptop battery died. 
Little bit of a back story and some things that are not shown. I bought the car back in 2013 from a family friend. It's a 1986 944 NA that is going to be my track/autocross car. Not all of the work is shown in the album, but this is what else has been done to it
-Turbo S sway bars
-Poly bushings
-Welded diagonal and harness bar on the cage
-Momo steel seat brackets
-No AC or heat
My goal is to start doing 944 Spec next year so it's been quite a slow process. I really don't have much else planned for it besides bringing it to spec. It's been a great car so far, and hopefully this will be the first of many Porsches I will own. 




 Okay, you guys win. But only because you asked nicely 




 I'll work on an album tonight. It probably won't be posted until tomorrow though  









 Yeah, I'm not going to lie, I miss the super tacky ricers 




 That's actually an awesome idea. I'd love to drive his eclipse, not matter how ricey it is.  




 There actually was a 356 in the movie, but only for a brief moment  




 I started last year when I turned 17. You need to get 2 waivers signed by a parent or legal guardian, and have it motorized. You also need to have a parent with you at the event. And I'm pretty positive that the waiver lasts for the entire season. That being said, good luck out there.
Edit: Notarized not motorized   




 At first, I thought it was the banana that was the problem  




 Labor Day weekend at Lime Rock 





























