 Here's one for 299 starting bid, and its new: http://pages.ebay.com/link/?nav=item.view id=141600217704 alt=web 
If you bid for $300 for it, no one will outbid you. Personally though, I would get the sandstone black (64gb) version. I mean, 4 times the storage and only $50 more! In comparison, that change costs $200 in an iPhone. 




 Here's one that's up for bidding for $239, new in box. I'll link more. http://pages.ebay.com/link/?nav=item.view id=171720294080 alt=web 




 For the 16 gig $280 




 For the sandstone black (64gb) version, about $330 instead of $350. 




 Buy a used, but in new condition one from ebay. 




 Sticky rice wrapped in a banana leaf w/ pork. 
























 Wow...ur comment got more upvotes than the actual post 









 No problem 




 Invite? Is it sandstone black? 




 Is it sandstone black 




 Me 
























 THEY MISSED TAYLOR ap yeah there it is 




 3900 days. 




 Nice and sexy, man 




 2spooky4me 




 My kids laughing while my dog licks their toes. 







































 Can I have a belly rub... 




 Amazing story. 




 He can officially consider his chest more nsfw than his dick. 




 It's mt. Shasta. 
























 So there is a show (albeit a stupid one) that I don't remember the name of. Now, I was young at the time, so I was scared of pretty much anything. Anyway, I was browsing through the TV show list, and I saw that show on the list (called "haunted" or something). I knew it would be scary (yes, I could read at the time) so I asked my mom if I could watch this.
Now, she was in the shower at the time, at the other side of the house, so she thought I said "Hunting", so she told me I could watch it. (Hunting is also inappropriate for kids, but OK mom.)
I watched it, and it was something stupid about fairies, but I got spooked.
The next day, I went to s-c-h-o-o-l. SUCH A FUN EXPERIENCE! I was afraid to go to the bathroom, cuz everyone knows those darn fairies will get you if you're alone in a bathroom, so I peed in a bush when no one was looking.
That bathroom thing went away after a couple of days, but I was still scared of the dark for a long time.
TL;DR: I got spooked by scary fairies, had to piss in bushes. 









 So there is a show (albeit a stupid one) that I don't remember the name of. Now, I was young at the time, so I was scared of pretty much anything. Anyway, I was browsing through the TV show list, and I saw that show on the list (called "haunted" or something). I knew it would be scary (yes, I could read at the time) so I asked my mom if I could watch this.

Now, she was in the shower at the time, at the other side of the house, so she thought I said "Hunting", so she told me I could watch it. (Hunting is also inappropriate for kids, but OK mom.)

I watched it, and it was something stupid about fairies, but I got spooked.

The next day, I went to s-c-h-o-o-l. SUCH A FUN EXPERIENCE! I was afraid to go to the bathroom, cuz everyone knows those darn fairies will get you if you're alone in a bathroom, so I peed in a bush when no one was looking.

That bathroom thing went away after a couple of days, but I was still scared of the dark for a long time.


TL;DR: I got spooked by scary fairies, had to piss in bushes. 




 /r/memorablelifemoments is one me and a buddy recently created. There aren't many posts, but if it expands it will be great! 




 This is what kids in 5th grade learn today.


No, I can't solve this. 




 1 like = anywhere from 4 to 6 shots 
























 Portrait mode? Is this amateur hour? 




 PAO! Right in the kisser! 









 Well, from now on I will never have sex again.








Who am I kidding? 




 "Fucking time" I see what you did there 




 Well, depends what kinds of spiders! 


































 This post was more exaggerated than a Tyler Perry movie. 




 /r/nocontext 







































 Goodnight sweet prinse 




 WHY ARE WE NOT FUNDING THIS 




 That's not funky 




 Based on average usage 




 GB
ftfy 
























