









 Reminds me of Outlast.  




 First reddit post ever, sorry if I screw it up somehow. http://i.imgur.com/vPP5NDm.jpg 
























 Just wondering what anybody might think of me.
http://imgur.com/a/G65D9 




 At first I misread the title as "Doritos Shipwreck". 




 Nope, Iowa. Why? 





























 I have some money now, and I'd love to buy a signed copy, but they seem to be sold out. Will they ever go back on sale?  




 He's like a baby Voldemort. 
 


































 It was a really a last minute decision. I didnt really know what to expect, or where to even go (ended up having to look up directions). The very existence of the event put me into a situation where I would have to make a choice. I could either stay home, depressed. Or, I could go and be depressed there. But if I went, I knew that there was just a tiny chance that I may have a somewhat enjoyable experience. On the way there, I was less concerned with having a good time, and more worried about not having a bad time. I arrived at the school and parked my car. For a moment, I just sat there, watching my hands shake. After a few minutes, I got out of my car and walked inside alone, irrationally hoping I wouldnt leave the same way.

It was relatively quiet when I came into the dim, but beautifully decorated gym- save for the thump of the obnoxious music that nobody was dancing to yet. I had a seat at a table and took my jacket off. I remained that way for another forty minutes or so, watching the gym slowly fill. Someone came by and offered me some juice off of a platter he was carrying around, like some old school waiter youd see in a fancy restaurant. I mumbled, thank you as I took one. I wasnt sure if he heard me. For a while, I just stared at a little electric candle that had been placed on my table. I think its glow was comforting. By now, the gym looked like one would expect it to, lively and loud. I just sat and watched. There were a lot of people I knew- a few I didn't. All of them seemed happy, and for a moment, that made me happy. I knew that I wasn't going to dance. I knew that I wasn't going to leave my seat. I thought to myself, Why are you here? Whats the point? I flicked my empty juice box a few times out of boredom. Thats a good question, I thought. With that, I put my jacket back on and walked out.

As I was almost out of the building, a teacher I knew well said hi to me, and I said the same to him. A couple I knew was just heading into the building. The guy, whom I did know relatively well, said hello to me as well, and I to him. Wait, you aren't leaving already, are you? he said to me as I walked past. Suddenly embarrassed, I just sort of mumbled, I was just, uh... The teacher, who I suppose realized my plight, chimed in with, getting some fresh air? Yeah, sure, I said. And with that, I walked back inside with the couple.

I ended up back in my seat, bored once again. As I sat there, watching little red and green lights fly across the floor like snow in headlights, I came to believe that this whole event was just an immediate example of a cycle that had been occurring throughout my entire life- a cycle of unrealistic hope, followed by crushing reality. Not much happened throughout the night. A girl, whom, I must say was quite beautiful, offered to dance with me, but it was a pursuit in futility, as my anxious mind simply would not allow it. Why couldn't it have been something else, why could she not have offered to have coffee with me or something? Just something a bit less embarrassing, I suppose? But of course, I knew that I would probably screw that up as well somehow, just like everything else. The only reason she probably asked me in the first place was pity anyway.

The night continued fairly uneventfully. The one thing I recall clearly was the one couple that I could see gently swaying together just ahead of me. They seemed entirely absorbed in each others embrace. They didnt seem to hear the music, or the yelling, or the chatter of those around them. When I saw them, I could tell that they truly loved each other. Despite my stupid envy, I could see that what they were experiencing was really, truly, beautiful.

I knew that I would never have that.
 




 It was a really a last minute decision. I didnt really know what to expect, or where to even go (ended up having to look up directions). The very existence of the event put me into a situation where I would have to make a choice. I could either stay home, depressed. Or, I could go and be depressed there. But if I went, I knew that there was just a tiny chance that I may have a somewhat enjoyable experience. On the way there, I was less concerned with having a good time, and more worried about not having a bad time. I arrived at the school and parked my car. For a moment, I just sat there, watching my hands shake. After a few minutes, I got out of my car and walked inside alone, irrationally hoping I wouldnt leave the same way.
 
It was relatively quiet when I came into the dim, but beautifully decorated gym- save for the thump of the obnoxious music that nobody was dancing to yet. I had a seat at a table and took my jacket off. I remained that way for another forty minutes or so, watching the gym slowly fill. Someone came by and offered me some juice off of a platter he was carrying around, like some old school waiter youd see in a fancy restaurant. I mumbled, thank you as I took one. I wasnt sure if he heard me. For a while, I just stared at a little electric candle that had been placed on my table. I think its glow was comforting. By now, the gym looked like one would expect it to, lively and loud. I just sat and watched. There were a lot of people I knew- a few I didnt. All of them seemed happy, and for a moment, that made me happy. I knew that I wasnt going to dance. I knew that I wasnt going to leave my seat. I thought to myself, Why are you here? Whats the point? I flicked my empty juice box a few times out of boredom. Thats a good question, I thought. With that, I put my jacket back on and walked out. 

As I was almost out of the building, a teacher I knew well said hi to me, and I said the same to him. A couple I knew was just heading into the building. The guy, whom I did know relatively well, said hello to me as well, and I to him. Wait, you arent leaving already, are you? he said to me as I walked past. Suddenly embarrassed, I just sort of mumbled, I was just, uh... The teacher, who I suppose realized my plight, chimed in with, getting some fresh air? Yeah, sure, I said. And with that, I walked back inside with the couple. 

I ended up back in my seat, bored once again. As I sat there, watching little red and green lights fly across the floor like snow in headlights, I came to believe that this whole event was just an immediate example of a cycle that had been occurring throughout my entire life- a cycle of unrealistic hope, followed by crushing reality. Not much happened throughout the night. A girl, whom, I must say was quite beautiful, offered to dance with me, but it was a pursuit in futility, as my anxious mind simply would not allow it. Why couldnt it have been something else, why could she not have offered to have coffee with me or something? Just something a bit less embarrassing, I suppose? But of course, I knew that I would probably screw that up as well somehow, just like everything else. The only reason she probably asked me in the first place was pity anyway. 

The night continued fairly uneventfully. The one thing I recall clearly was the one couple that I could see gently swaying together just ahead of me. They seemed entirely absorbed in each others embrace. They didnt seem to hear the music, or the yelling, or the chatter of those around them. When I saw them, I could tell that they truly loved each other. Despite my stupid envy, I could see that what they were experiencing was really, truly, beautiful. 

I knew that I would never have that. 
 




 I'd recommend that you also contact a principle or superintendent. It might not accomplish much, considering that this is Georgia we're talking about, but it could certainly draw some attention to the issue. You could even try to contact local news stations about it if you'd feel so inclined. Anything that draws attention to the situation will put pressure on the school to resolve it. 




 I am 18 and I'll graduate high school in May. I've always been an "artsy" sort of person, so I know that my career will be somewhere in that sort of field. Originally, I wanted to become involved with the gaming industry as a 3d modeller or concept artist. To achieve this, my first plan was to go to Full Sail University in Florida, as they apparently have a 'game art program'. Well.. evidentely, for-profit colleges tend to not have a great repuation and Full Sail wasn't regionally accreditted, and my parents shot down the idea anyway, saying that we wouldn't be able to afford it. There were a few other colleges that I was interested in, but my parents didn't like any of them, claiming that they were all too far away or too expensive, or that we wouldn't be able to get a loan for it. Not that my parents would be paying for it entirely or anything- it would be more of a combined effort for both me and my parents. Anyway, my dad has always wanted me to go to a local community college to get a liberal arts degree before possibly transferring to somewhere else, possibly an art school. The only college we ended up visiting was that community college, and in all honesty, it doesn't seem too bad- but I just feel like I'd be sort of biding my time. It's really too late for me to go to any other college, as I've missed any visitation days and whatnot. I'm almost done with high school, and, let's be honest most of high school is general education. I don't know of course, but I feel like getting a liberal arts degree would be like going to high school for another two years. So, I had an idea. What if I just scrapped the idea of college altogether, and opened up my own shop? Like one of those nifty little downtown shops that sell crafts and artsy sort of stuff- like my own gallery, in a way. If I was in a touristy area I bet I could sell some of my paintings to rich tourists and old people. What if I made it into a sort of coffee shop kind of place, where you could get a cuppacino and look at (possibly buy?) the art I'd have hanging on the walls. I could try to get a hold of lawyer to help with legal stuff and I could try to get started with a small business loan. I don't have much money, but I've made a little working as a cashier after school that might help a bit. I also wouldn't have any student debts to pay off. I've done a lot of thinking (and probably romanticising) about it. As long as I could pay my bills and make a living, I think I could be happy. Is this sort of thing reasonable, or am I just being stupid? 
























 The first thing reminded me of this:  http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-Iy8ssbO74v0/Uu3ZKyt7YGI/AAAAAAABemE/8khZAvdnJ64/s1600/1.jpg 




 You should go again sometime, you might run into her again. 




 http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00K0HMT2K/ref=mp_s_a_1_2?qid=1429280830 sr=8-2 keywords=inspiron+3847

http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00SC6HAS4?qid=1429239583 sr=8-1 vs=1

Are these compatible? Will I need to upgrade the power supply? 





























 I'd rather the History Channel stick to actual history, but we all know that's not going to happen, and you can't say that "The Quran" wouldn't at least be interesting to see.  









 Most hybrids on here look ugly or funny, but this one really looks beautiful. 
 




 It's good to be the king.  





























 My desk and Kitteh http://i.imgur.com/mFRu7Qg.jpg 




 I'm not asking everyone here to become a vegan or anything, but couldn't we show just a little respect for the animal? 




 This makes me want to reconsider being an organ donor.  
























 Other than say, writing articles, or selling things on ebay or etsy. Is there anything you can do online an get paid for it?  




 Looks like Quentin Tarantino.  


































