 I always thought this was the right explanation. I have doubts about that being Stefan's voice, though. 




 Sometimes I couldn't even get up from the bed if I hadn't the motivation of playing some Death Grips music. Come up and get me have saved me from some bad times. 




 You just described perfectly what DG music makes me feel. 




 Cool. I love riots' aesthetics. They combine very well with this instrumental. 




 Go there and stick somewhere a flash drive with duct tape, with mp3 files in it, titled as the leaked track list.

I'm not sure I'm writing this properly. I don't know how to english. 




 I think it can't have the same quality of the original when the bootleg makers don't have the original masters. 




 But I don't think they are being more secretive with the release of JD than with the previous albums. 




 Even is the rest of the tracks are shit, Jenny Death will be worth it just because of Innanimate Sensation. 




 How are they being cryptic about Jenny Death? They are just making us wait, maybe because of technical and production reasons.

The NLDW ARG, that WAS cryptic. 




 You should be pacient. Medication can take some time to have effect. 




 Who is MOM? 




 They look like something out from a Ghibli movie 




 I think it just means you are in a good mood, or you are having a good day, as simple as it can sound. Maybe your brain is in a chemical balance. You are producing and assimilating the right amount of serotonine or something like that.

Enjoy those days, relax, make plans and clear your mind. 




 By the way, source? 




 Yeah, I've seen this titles in /mu/ sometimes but I assumed it was just another fake leaked list. Thanks anyway. 




 Sixpenceee is a tumblr about paranormal and creepy stuff. 




 Its black people chest hair 




 Come up and get me. It reminds me the moment NLDW was released. I had listened to Ex-Military and THe Money Store and finally became a fan. I followed the ARG in /mu/. Everybody was expecting. Then NLDW came out and everybody went crazy. I got ready. I downloaded it. Pressed play. Then that harsh synth started.

WAW WAW WAW WAW WAW WAW

It was a memorable moment for me. The moment when i started enjoying DG as a true fan. 




 That's one of the most powerful moments in DG discography 




 I encourage you to note down all the strange, funny, weird, absurd, memorable quotes in your games. It's one of the funniest things I've ever done. You can start every season re-reading them and having a good laughs. Eventually you'll come up with an extent collection and the quotes will be fixated in everybody's memory. Years will pass and now and then you and your group will say "Remember that time when you said...?" 




 Looks like a lunatic terrorist 




 Is there already an official track list? I missed that. Or just fake leaks? 




 I have a similar problem riding my bike. I always imagine a car appears out of nowhere and hits me. I imagine myself falling, breaking my bones and smashing my head in the road. Following to that, I use to imagine my testimony in a trial, explaining how the accident had place and defending myself. Also I use to imagine myself arguing with some drivers that find I'm a nuisance in the road.

(fuck , my english is so poor right now...)

I've had this obsessive thoughts for years, but lately they have decreased in intensity, I got used to them, partially thanks to the help of my therapist. I've learnt to accept this thoughts as a part of me and not get upset  about them. 




 I suppose not a lot of you can read spanish, but, anyway, I would love to share my project with you all and, maybe, get some feedback about the style.

I've been running it since 2010, so maybe you'll see some evolution. My last strips are focused on some recurrent characters.

Anyway, here it is: [Contado tiene menos gracia](http://contadotienemenosgracia.thecomicseries.com).

Hope you find something you like. 









 This is from the comic "Megg, Mogg and Owl" by Simon Hanselmann. It was released under the title "Megahex".

http://i.imgur.com/hXdNzKD 




 I like it. You have potential. It would be better if you didnt cut his arms and forehead. Is this the whole illustration? 




 I don't know. Maybe I'm used to the fact that here in Spain everybody robes whatever they can. 




 DOORS AND WINDOWS ON
MOTIONS ON 




  the majority of recent posts on their facebook is "jenny death when" so im sure thats where they picked up on it

Yeah, that's most probably what happened. 




 You 're wielding a sword
in the subway station
who pushes who
Where the pusher is now
what station with his raincoat
who will be the next to fall onto the tracks
perhaps twelve Japanese schoolgirls at once
holding hands
What station
Keith Haring already marked this territory
with colored chalk
traced
Mickey Mouse Devouring His Children
Rehearse your name a thousand times
in a black book
I trace it dripping in marble
with harmful acid in the wagon windows 




 Didn't they throw them to the crowd during the shows? One could just, you know, grab one and take it home. There are people in possesion of pieces of the fake Zack drums, for instance. 




 I'd say Guillotine is their most popular song. Maybe I think this just because it's the first one I ever listened. 




 How exactly does this proof DG are going on tour? I think there are two possibilities:

1. bbpoltergiest are just fans and the got this pills from a live show.

2. bbpoltergiest are really Death Grips and they are just tweeting a pic of the gigantic pills.

I can't see a clue for a tour here. 




 No. The best one is Runway N. 




 It's an album by the band loved by everyone: Death Grips 




 This idea made me smile. Thanks. 




 Have you seen the movie "Her"? 




 At first I thought you were refering to typewriters, where some letters are worn-out and you have to push the key several times to really print it. This happens with my machine's "q" key.

Damn, I'm old. 




 Can you elaborate on the "future primitive digital" concept? I'm not familiar with it, maybe because english is not my first language.

Also, yes, human desire is a big theme on DG music, I believe. The lyrics and the sound speak a lot about releasing your inner beast. 




 They have claimed their music is about acceleration and about energy.

I think the message they try to send is that being human in the 21st century is fucked up and this is just the beginning. You have to deal with vigilance paranoia, mental issues, drugs and other addictions available, technology, obsolescence and excess of information. And all this make you get noided. 




 Yes, it has been helpful for me.

First of all, talk helps. You blow off steam and you put your thoughts and feelings in order as you talk.

Very probably, you won't only talk, you'll do therapy, you'll do practical exercises with your doctor that will help you evolve.

I've been through three different therapists in my life and every one of them have helped me solve different problems. I'm not perfectly sane now but I wouldn't be who I am today if not for them.

In the other hand, you need to be lucky and find the right doctor. Some of them are not very motivated or just try to push you on pills. Be careful with pills. They can be helpful if you have real problems, but they have some side effects they don't talk you about. You can get fat, or feel numb or sleepy, or just feel neutral and devoided of any feelings. Pills are not the only answer for everything. I know some people who had some problems and tried going to a therapist, and the first thing he did was prescribing him pills. He declined and later solved his problems himself without medication. But not everybody can do that, of course. Some people really need medication.

Try to make your doctor to inform you about your medication, to tell him what are you gonna take, and why, what the pills do, and what side effects they have. You have the right to be informed. There are some things that your therapist won't tell you if you don't ask. 




 I'm happy for you. But be careful. If you start to feel bad again, don't be scared. It's something natural. Don't feel it like a failure. Remember that's a state you know well, and it can't get worse than you alreadey has experienced.

I say don't be scared because recently I had an axiety attack after a long period of feeling really great, and it felt terrible. I was terrified about going down again, I felt like I was going crazy. But I didn't.

One of my therapist warned me: I was doing a great progress but I could have bad moments again. She said sometimes your mind is resilient to stay stable and happy because you have been feeling bad for so long, and you are used to it.

Anyway, good luck. Take advantage of this new state and make some plans to organize and improve your life, so you stay happy as long as you can. 




 Keep doing what you are doing, because you are doing it right -I guess. Try to don't do those things that make you feel bad. Try to follow the path you are in now. Make plans to improve your life, now that you have a lot of energy, but don't make great changes in your life.

These are just things that I try to do when I have a relief of depression. I hope they work for you too. 




 In general, I just want to play more. Playing has been getting more and more difficult in my circle of friends.

I plan to reunite my usual group and play (at last!) an Unknown Armies adventure I wrote and I'm quite proud of. The PCs will be New Inquisition agents, ready for action, packed with spells, artifacts and guns. I was inspired by Hotline Miami when I wrote this.

I want to create another group and try an Adventure Time game I'm creating with Lady Blackbird system. I think is very appropiate for the setting. I know there is already an Adventure Time game with D D system, but I have no idea about D D. 




 Or maybe, you know, they are just taking a little more time because they are finishing the last details of the production of the album, like could happen with any other fucking normal band in the world.

Guys, I'm starting to get sick of all this theories. I've made my own theories about Death Grips, like everyone else, but this is too much. You are putting too much meaning in what they do or don't do. If you do this for fun, go on. But, honestly, stop overthinking. 




 Thanks. Best wishes for your new year! 




 Meds, therapy, life experience and getting older, mostly. I've been through three different therapist. Every one of them have helped me changing different problems. These changes have reverted in my daily life and my self-perception, making my mind more clear and calm, reducing symptoms like rituals. Also, I think i just grew older and learnt some things that help me have things more clear in life. I still have depression, anxiety and self-steem problems, but much softer since I'm going to the last therapist.

Also I've been under anti-depressants and antipsychotics for many years, and I guess they are in some part the reason of this changes. But mostly, therapy and learning. 




 I'm much better now, but still have intrusive thoughts. Whenever I'm riding my bike I imagine an accident, a car hitting me, falling to the ground, smashing my head. Or I imagine other drivers complaining about how slow I am or my erratic direction.

The more usual thoughts are negative ones, about how wrong everything is, how badly I do things, all my mistakes and faults. My mind is always looking for reasons to feel bad and guilty. Whenever I do something, there is a voice in my head whispering: "You are doing it wrong. YOU are wrong".

The worst ones are about raping little kids. I know I would never do that nor I'm attracted to that but just having those thoughts popping on your head automatically whenever you see a little kid, damn, it's scary. Luckily this kind of thoughts are not usual anymore.

When I was a teenager I use to have rituals like touching things the same amount of times in the left and in the right. I was obsessed with simmetry. I could spin a jar to the left, then feel obligated to spin it to the right to balance things. Then again to the left, but in a minor angle, again to the right... and so on until the handle stayed in the center.

In hindsight, I think I'm getting better every year, so I still have hope and so you should. 




 Ok. I just want to keep you chatting. Also, of all the terrible things there are in this life, you only mentioned the gamer gate thing. You can't deny it's quite shocking. It catched my attention. 




 What are some more things you don't like about this world? 




 Actually I'm seeing a therapist again (a new one) partially because I was having too many suicidal thoughts and me and a friend were getting worried.

Now I don't think about it so much, I guess I got little better. But not long ago I was thinking again and again about ending it all. About the final solution. I usually thought about it when I felt depressed or useless or anxious or lost, but this thought came also to my mind in some strange moments. I remember one day visiting a friend and his girlfriend. I was playing on his XBox and he was in the kitchen making cheese sandwiches. For a moment I felt so out of place I suddenly thought "You have to kill yourself. You just have to do it. There is nothing else to do. That's the right solution". 

I think this is the weirdest moment I had this thought.

But yeah, suicidal thoughts, a lot. Whenever I felt that I couldn't stand this anymore, this state of perpetual sadness and anxiety. That would end the suffering, but I don't want to quit struggling. I want to fight till the end. I want to see it all and feel it all, even if my life ends like a big fail. 




 FUCK A BITCH
WHA
FUCK A BITCH
FUCK A BITCH
WAH
("Fuck a bitch", collaboration with The Bug) 




 When you are alone in your house, try having a rational monologue. Not a mental one. You have to use your voice. Release energy and frustration. If you have to curse, curse. If you have to yell, yell. But be rational. Rationalize your problem. Give yourself questions and answers. What's the problem? Can I find a solution? If not, what I'm gonna do about it? Try to take out all that is in your mind, so later there will be less things to think about.

I'm not a therapist. I'm talking from my experience. Sometimes talking about an obsession and rationalizing it helps. Later there will be less things to think about because you already have come to some sort of conclussions.

Talking with a friend helps too.

It's possible that the obsession continues, though, but try it at least. 




 Excuse me if I didn't get it right, but... Are you going to commit suicide because (in part) of feminism? 




 It means Jenny Death will include collabs with Aphex Twin, Techno Animal, Alec Empire and Lighting Bolt. 




 Have a sincere talk with your mum. Talking fix things. Don't save your feelings. Depression is a hard enough problem. Guiltyness shouldn't make it worse.

Tell her how you feel and how you are right now. Express yourself and let her express herself. Communicate. Make things clear. 




 Sometimes if you trust in people or open to them you find that they are deeper than you thought. That they are individual human beings with their own feelings and background.

When you stop fearing and star being true, unexpected things happen. 




 I kinda like it, except for the low quality background. In some way it fits with the vaporwave aesthetics but it still looks too cheap to me. 




 They could close with this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9QXY80OxS0 




 Viper the Rapper 




 JD is a backwards travel through all DG discography, letting you experience again all those special sonic moments, getting back to the origin, ending with a Manson quote. 




 For all of you people exhausted but having problems with falling asleep, have you tried reading a book? It works for me. I get in the bed and read, until I fall unconscious. 




 I think the album I've used the most times in my games is the Fight Club Soundtrack. It's perfect for games set in dark modern times.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttXuhDuZ4CA

Also, we have used this for Cthulhu games: http://adriananiol.bandcamp.com/album/obscura 




 The basic concept around Unknown Armies is that you can have power but it has a high price. The more you sacrifice, the more power you get. There are, for example, epideromancers, who must hurt themselves in order to gain magic charges.

There are also "demons". Rumors say if you can summon one, you can make him help you, give you power and information. But: 1. They just want to control you. 2) They are not really what people think they are. 




 Try to face your triggers and your intrusive thoughts, as long as you can. Don't let them have control on you. I know this is easier to say than to do it. I mean: don't fear your problems, accept them as part of yourself, at least of a temporary self. Expose yourself to your fears, alway as far as you can and under your control. Focus on your intrusive thoughts, don't try to cut them out your mind. If you fight something it becomes your enemy. Try to accept what you feel and think. The problems will not disappear but maybe they will be easier to stand and you'll relax a little.

These are some things that I read in a book my therapist recommended me and worked in my case. I hope they work in yours. 




 Thanks.

I can say I have pure-o then. I feel better when I can give something a name, I don't know why. It's interesting that all my therapist have always avoided to use terms like these, I wonder why.

But knowing that my problem has a name and there is more people like me out there calms me down. 




 What is pure-O? Is the first time I've read about this term. Maybe is because I'm from Spain and here we use another terminology or maybe because my therapist have been trying to not use thechnical terms with me so I wouldn't obsess about them.

Is it just a mental obsession? Like something without rituals or compulssion? 




 You could just tell your parents you feel anxiety and have problems focusing on school, or even maybe that you think you have some kind of OCD symptoms, that you overthink things and have too much "mental noise" to focus on your work and want to improve your marks. You are not obligated to tell them exactly what kind of disgusting thoughts you have. Keep that to yourself and your therapist.

About things being normal again, well, I'll talk from self experience. Is very dificult for a person with mental illness go back to total normality forever. If you go to a therapist and have the appropiate medication you can get really better and have a better life. Your symptoms can weaken a lot, but accept that maybe now and then they can come back for a while and have a bad time. But very probably your thoughts will turn into a minor nuisance.

I've have intrusive and obsessive thoughts for years. I'm going to therapy and taking medication and now I'm much better. I still have the same thoughts about accidents when I'm riding my bike, for example, and imagine how somebody assaults me while I'm walking in the street, but they are weaker now. Sometimes I have an argument with somebody or feel very guilty about something, and that ruins my whole day. I fall in a depressive spiral and spend the rest of the day in the bed. But this happens very ocasionally, now.

What I'm trying to say is you can get better, but maybe you'll still have some symptoms or bad times, now and then. One thing I've learnt going to the therapist is to accept the way I am, to accept my intrusive thoughts as a burden or nuisance, to not obsess about them.

Another thing Ive learn in therapy: exposure therapy. Face your problems. Expose yourself to them. Look, triying to analyze or rationalize your bad thoughts is like trying to turn off a fire with gasoline. You are just feeding the machine. Instead of falling in a rational feedback, fighting thoughts with thoughts, focus on them. Look them to the face. Repeat them in your mind again and again. Surrender, don't fight. "Okay, you want to think about this? Let's think about this". Repeat the bad images in your imagination again and again, this time under your own will and control. The pictures appear because you want. Verbalize them, turn them into a simple sentence and repeat it again and again and again. Your brain soon will get bored of this, the thought will loose control on you and you'll pass to something else.

Problem is, this technique can turn into another obsession. It's effectiveness is temporary.

You are still young. In a pair of years you will feel much better. I'm 34 now. Started with therapy at 24 and I've evolved a lot. I'm not a perfect man but I got much better. Not saying you'll need so many years for your therapy, but be prepared to be pacient with your therapist and yourself.

I hope I helped you in some way with this brick I just wrote. :) 
























 Or try these:
http://www.fundacionendesa.org/sites/default/files/imagenes/530_463.JPG
http://www.arteguias.com/imagenes5/catedralflorencia.jpg 




 Don't know why. It's ok for me. Anyway, if you are really interested, google "catedral murcia interior". It's just a cathedral, whatever. 




 I like the reaction of the second guy 




 And you haven't even choose the most annoying Death Grips song. 




 Yeah, I think you are right. I still have some problems with english sometimes. 




 I once listened to Guillotine on my ipod while I was visiting the cathedral at my town. It's quite monumental and peaceful and has a lot of history behind it. The contrast between the violence and profanity of DG and the sanctity and peace of the church was very interesting.

The cathedral looks like this in the inside:
http://harte.hol.es/wp/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/INTERIOR-DE-LA-CATEDRAL-DE-LE%C3%93N.jpg 




 Not always. There was a time when you could find really funny and creative sites there. Some people put great effort on their creations. People left a lot of comments and interacted. There was imagination. I could spend hours and hours there. Yesterday I went there and downvoted almost everything. It's a shame. 




 I wonder the same thing. 




 Yeah, but now is a shit hole. The sites aren't funny at all, just random stuff put together. No interesting ideas. No creativity. I suspect now is populated only by teenagers.

It's a shame. Ytmnd used to be an important part of one phase of my life. 




 http://ibmwmfitus.ytmnd.com/

Are you ok with Ytmnd? Or are you gonna give me the "go back to ytmnd" like in 4chan?

Also, the sound is not perfectly looped. I'm sorry.

 




 I think the streetlight picture is something they have in their archive since a long time ago and have used it several times. They just recylced it for the Powers that B cover. 




 I don't like it. It's very boring compared to other DG covers, wich have a background story. And at least TMS is an illustration. There is nothing special about this one. I'd like to have something more shocking, beautiful or complex in my record collection. It's  just a photoshopped streetlight. Anyway, at this moment is quite iconic yet. 




 Looks good. It makes itself a good summary of their carrer. 




 I think Stefan just writes the lyrics in a stream of thought style, dictated by his subconscious, and sometimes surreal and funny things come to the surface. 




 And what is the softest Stefan has whispered? 




 I heard "mommy" the first time too. 




 Don't forget classics like:

"Teaching bitches how to swim"

"The table's flipped, now we got all the coconuts, bitch!" 




 I thought he meant DG making the album and then having to wait 9 months for the fans to listen to it. 




 I'm sure Death Grips get some inspiration in some way in Aleisteir Crowley and Magick.  




 I don't get it 




 Why we shouldn't? Isn't it his artistic nickname? Maybe I'm missing something. 




 I think I feel your interpretation. In this life, you have a lot of sources and people around you telling you what to do, what are the rules, how you are... So many information in contradiction that finally you only have your own conclusions. You have to make a decision, to choose a theory, a path and a plan. 




 Dude, my city is full of these things. Do you want pictures? I can give you hundreds of them. 




 I'm not partially, but totally joking. How could Steffan think he is ugly? He is obviously gorgeous. I'd fuck him if I was a girl. 




 You know. Being so ugly you break mirrors just reflecting your face on them.

Just think about it. 




 Damn. Things go fast. 




 Yeah. I found it. It's now in my record wishlist.

https://www.pinterest.com/oruga/records-wishlist/ 




 Thanks 




 Where can i get this? 




 Well, I don't like to give my money to this pirates instead to the original artists but I admit this is something I'd like to have in my collection. Price? Link? 




 I listened and enjoyed this album just as I had planned: playing it in my iPod, walking on the streets at night. 




 Bootlegs? Isn't the official lp available? 




 It has become one of my favorites too. And in part is thanks to this sub and the interpretations of the lyrics I read here. I think couldn't have seen the references to suicide and depression in the lyrics by my self. You all made me experience this song in a special way. 




 I think this sub is gonna be still active. Probably DG are gonna tour and make new stuff in the future, and we will talk about it. Maybe we won't be as active as the period between Notm and Jenny Death, but it will be ok. It will be fun. 




 Yeah, share it with us. Sounds cool. 




 That describes Death Grips in general 




 What's the name of this noise artist again? 




 /I get paid by the universe

Favorite line, no doubt. 




 https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/8b/a2/66/8ba26655c505c73c7f6be5d5ceefa4fc.jpg 




 Yeah, I've seen that video. He makes some funny expressions but nothing interesting. 




 Books, cute girls, internet, music, practicing with my band, poetry, books, BDSM, illustration, mechas, collecting records, role playing, Counter Strike. 




 Do you think the magician was high while performing the tricks? I thinks DG have experimented with drugs in some of their videos, like Pillbox Hat, where I'm sure Stefan took some hallucinogen that made him experiment through various emotional states.

Maybe this is something that they found cool. "Hey, get high and try to perform your tricks. We will record you for our next video". Maybe that's the reason why some of the tricks are so poorly performed. 




 Great thread 




 Does that guy make something interesting besides reaction videos? I'm not interested in reaction videos at all. 




 Don't worry. I suppose they feel ok about the memes and shit. An artist must be ready for all kind of reactions between his public, and humour is not the worst of them.

If they have ever read about somebody listening to their music and feeling like destroying stuff, they should feel satisfied. 




 I've just masturbated and watching this now is perfect for post-orgasm. Very relaxing. 




 The second one look like some Adventure Time character lol 




 How much has magick influenced your work as a band? 




 OK. Sounds like a coherent answer for me, in a way. 




 Are you quoting some of their lyrics or giving me an answer? I'm not sure. 




 Sometimes I fantasize about them giving all the answers and explanations in "Death Grips: the documentary". What was their ideology. How they did things. What does their music mean. What was the concept behind their "conceptual art". 




 I'm not going to listen to this snippets. I'm gonna save the hype for the release. I wanna feel again like when NLDW was dropped, having a whole unknown album ahead for me to listen. 




 This guys love to throw themselves into things. Bushes, trash bags, washing machines... 




 Are you me? 




 I hope they sample this and get it somewhere in Jenny Death 




 Is the campaign "The masks of Nyarlathotep"? 




 I support this idea 




 This was my ringtone for a while too. Now that I listen to it again I feel that typical anxiety phonecalls always give me. 




 Perfectly looped, i must say 




 I got the  nasty
in my bus 




 Yeah, i'v seen footage. Since they made that music video I can only relate it to pool parties. 




 I play with my friends every friday night at 18:00 GMT +2 /CET 




 It's like they were trying to say there were no space for love for them then, just for music and pure energy and rage. 




 http://www.gigposters.com/poster/123621_Black_Flag.html

Is a flyer by Raymond Pettibon, for a Black Flag show. 




 Youtube can do some stupid things about copyright sometimes. I know about a guy that uploaded a video singing a song of his own authorship and was censored. Twice. 




 There was a thread about this before.

http://www.reddit.com/r/deathgrips/comments/1wrq1y/sample_from_culture_shock/

There is a broken link to the site Lightworkers, something about Ashtar Sheran. I looked for it in YouTube and, man, it just blew my mind. There is wacko stuff there. 




 The Money Store. I am an illustrator and love illustrations. 




 Because you like dicks? 




 Jennys? Gripheads? 
























 Yeah, but most libraries don't consist only on articles. They have novels, poetry, essays, etc. 




 Welcome to this subreddit. 




 I once listened a blind guy talking in a podcast. He said some blind people like listening to erotic tales read by a female voice syntheziser. 




 Where do you live? 




 It looks like it came out of a Lovecraft tale 




 This way we would have a printed article abour "furry fandom" somewhere in a museum. That's weird. 




 You bought a record you don't know anything about? You must have lots of money. 




 Ryan Trecartin maybe? That would be cool. 




 This should turn into a haiku contest. 




 It's better than being a poor purple, at least. 




 I thought it would be bigger, to be honest. 




 Penis size 




 It blows my mind that somebody took the time to make this statistics. He even counted the flair hiders. I don't even know how he can do that. 




 They are not geek enough to feel curiosity and investigate about it. 




 And thousands of graphic designers. 




 How do you know how many of each color there are? I still didn't find those statistics anywhere. 




 Fruit salad is not salty. Why is it called "salad" then? 




 I'm becoming an addict to the fiction works this subreddit is producing. 




 Maybe they even use our star as a guide to navigation. 




 Lag 




 Thanks god somebody thought about it! 




 If you really get to use it, let me know. I will be happy to know that I made a part of it. 




 An idea that comes to my mind is some kind of baptism, where you oficially give him/her a submissive name. You could pronounce the name at the same time you put the collar on him/her. 




 Hey! Welcome back! Do you know about the button? 




 For god sake, it even has a lock over it! 




 Oh, ok. I thought it was something like that but I was not sure. Good day to you too, sir/lady. 




 Don't make a big deal about this. It's just another joke about a mental illness based on superficial popular notions, just like jokes about asperger, autism or alzheimer.

We can't do anything about it. 




 I safe it for the perfect moment. One night I listened to it on my iPod while walking by the street. It's one of the best settings for listening to Death Grips. It's dark. You are alone. Nobody annoys you. You walk without a precise direction. You can focus on the music, you can delight on it. 




 I'm afraid I don't understand your comment at all. 




 I'm glad to help. 









 I think /u/powerlanguage is the responsible for this experiment, but the explanation you need about the button is much more elaborated.

Sigh... Long story short: There is a button at the top of r/thebutton. Only people with Reddit accounts created before 1 of April can press it. You can press it only once. When you press it, you are assigned a colour depending on at what time did you press it. People are giving these colours religious/mythical/ideological meanings.

Everytime somebody presses it, it restarts from 60s. It has never got to 0.

The button looks like this: http://i.imgur.com/Mpi2qdN.gif

Just read a bunch of threads. It's actually very funny and you'll get the story very quickly. 




 That's... that's impossible...

Oh, wait, they are asians, of course. 




 Link to what? 




 There will be confetti and balloons. 




 Sounds very reasonable. It's a good interpretation. I'd check the complete lyrics to contrast this, but I'm too lazy. 




 Of course. I give it a pair of months. 




 My pure OCD is in remission. I have some very peaceful days, with no obsessions, no compulsions, no ruminating. In those days I feel like a normal person and wish it was like this forever. I assure you I don't miss my OCD during those days. 




 I have this problem too. I can't have an orgasm while having sex with a girl. I have to masturbate. When in home, watching porn and masturbating, there is no problem. But this seriously makes my relationships very awkward and frustrating. I lost my libido. I used to be obssesed about sex, but since I take my medication, I totally forgot about sex. I rarely masturbate.

I quit with some of my medication, antipsychotics to be precise (paliperidone, I think) and I have recovered some of the libido. Now I masturbate more regularly. I haven't been with a girl since I quit the pills, though, so I don't know if I'm still fixed. 




 CRA
YYYOOON 




 I live in a relatively small spanish city and I still have not known anybody who likes Death Grips. 




 I have a music blog where I share and review albums. I'm still not very good or professional with the reviews but these are some things I've learned:

-Listen the album at least two or three times before you form and opinion.

-Write about the artist/band origins and story.

-Tell some interesting details/trivia about the album, the artists, some story behind them. For example, I'm very interested when some of the members of the band died or commited suicide. I don't know. I'm just like that, interested in morbid details.

-Have in mind the album's historic relevance, how important or influent it was for other artists at the moment of its realease. Maybe you'd listen Black Sabbath or Venom and find it bland compared to other contemporary albums, but at the moment they were pioneers, the first of it kind doing that thing.

-Explain how the music makes you feel. Its flavour. Its texture. Make metaphors.

-Read other reviews in famous sites like Pitchfork, Rate Your Music, etc, but also in less known blogs or Youtube channels.

I hope this helps you. 




 What the hell im doing watching this shit... 




 Lots of purples 




 Beware, Guillotine and No Love are obligatory for me. 









 Don't forget this:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6b9ci_z4v7M t=2m46s 




 Resulting in a what? 




 No fun. Ever.

Look, Reddit is a great plataform to experiment in different ways, and people is having a lot of fun using their imagination around this subject. Why not have some fun? 




 My theory is it was some kind of game. She has to find "the killer" and call him to confirm to win, but called the wrong number. 









 That's racist 




 This reminds me that time, when I was like 18 years old, I was home alone and somebody called. It was a girl.

"You, sir, are a killer", she said, in a very convinced and funny tone.
"What?"
"You, sir, are a killer", she repeated.
"I'm sorry, but I have no idea what you are talking about".
"Well. You will find it tomorrow then".

She hanged up.

I'm 34 now and still have no idea what was that about or who she was.

Now that I think it, maybe I should even tell this in its own thread. 




 Wrong number? 




 You mean those frames with boobs 




 Don't worry. You are not a bad person or a pedophile just for having those thoughts, that seem just intrusive thoughts caused by your OCD.

Imagination is free. Mind is free. Just thinking about something doesn't mean you are gonna do it or you agree with it, specially with thoughts that you can't control.

Indulge yourself. Imagine whatever you want. You are free. Your mind can't hurt anybody. Your actions do. Don't be scare for your thoughts. That's just your mind trying to fuck you.

I've had problems like yours. Sometimes I see little children and imagine raping them. But I know I'm in no way attracted to them. I would never do anything inappropiate to a kid. I know that's just my mind looking for another way to make me feel bad, like when I imagine accidents or think again and again about that person that insulted me on the street.

Have a conversation with yourself and make things clear. Take a decision about your feelings and grasp to it whenever you feel insecure about these thoughts.

I hope some of this help you. 




 I started watching I Be-Area and found it a very interesting visual experiment. But since english is not my first language i didn't get the 90% of it, so i quit.

Also, just in case there is still anybody doesn't know, DG sampled I Be-Area: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxid-di6PQE 




 How do occultism and magick influence your work? 




 Glorious 




 This is really interesting. Like a visual portrait of OCD. 




 This makes a great plot for a movie or a short. 




 just recently we had the label sign up to a deal with BitTorrent, which was pretty much unheard of. 

Cool. I didn't knew about this. 




 Yeah, I see the connection, but that song is too soft maybe. 




 I'm not sure people relate OCD to not being capable of finishing works. Maybe they could think you are just obsessive and meticulous, that you have some rituals. That's the most extended view about OCD, I believe. You shouldn't worry.

I'm not sure if this is what you are asking. 




 The idea is to make a music video mixing some DG song with this:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I33u7P-XokE

What song do you think will go well with this?

Also, I'm quite lazy and could take a long time to do this, so, if anybody wanna use this idea and edit the video himself, go ahead, I have no problem with that. 




 That's a difficult question, actually. If you want to shock and anoy people, if you want to make your friends say "What the hell, why do you like such strange music?" you should play one where Stefan screams the most. Maybe "You might think he loves you". It's very noisy and agressive, and Stefan screams a lot. 




 Man... what the hell... 




 I love it. Thanks. 




 Yeah. A very nice place to listen to death grips. 
























 Most of my experience was satisfiyng my domme sexual fantasies and desires, but there were also other tasks I loved to do, like going to the shop or helping her painting the room. Once she ordered me to write some tale very quickly in the typewriter while she was having a shower. She knew I like to write, so she wanted to make me practise and improve. That was nice.

I'm too lazy to cook. Maybe a domme that forced me to cook, learn more recipes and be more disciplined in my daily life would be great for me. 




 This is androgyny at its best. Makes me question my heterosexuality. Such a gorgeous human being. 




 Nice to know. I have been in a couple of dominant relationships. I've been dominant and submissive. Definitely I prefer to be submissive. You feel so great when you please your master! You have him/her in your mind all day long thinking about ways to please him/her, and that fills you with love. I miss that in a certain way.

Also, Honeybee, that's a cute nickname.

Have fun! 




 Does that collar mean you are into domination? 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2pcYag8oGik

I wanted you. And I was looking for you.
But I couldn't find you.
I wanted you. And I was looking for you all day.
But I couldn't find you. I couldn't find you.

You're walking. And you don't always realize it,
but you're always falling.
With each step you fall forward slightly.
And then catch yourself from falling.
Over and over, you're falling.
And then catching yourself from falling.
And this is how you can be walking and falling
at the same time. 




 Germans have some word for this, for sure. 




 Oh, guys, some day I will share with you some pictures, maybe even a video, of the place I work. I work in a big public library. It has some of the most creepy spots I've ever been. Places out of public access. Some huge, long basements where you have to go down all alone, long silent corridors, an attic where the light turns off automatically after a certain time and let's you there in the middle of the almost absolut darkness and silence. 




 He said something about somebody being absentee. You know who. 




 And people browsing Reddit and playing LOL and Counter Strike. 




 Same thing happens with the term Lolita, generated after the book and the movie. 




 ... and one that actually we don't want to see. 




 So I guess if I elaborate and tell you I got hurt because of having too much sex, due to friction, and that this happened to me with two different girlfriends, you wont believe me.

Also, actually it's the first time I post in this sub. 




 They are called webcams 




 Health reasons. I got a wound in my penis fucking with one of my girlfriends, many years ago. Everytime I fucked, the wound got open and then heal again. So, the foreskin closed very tight and strangled my penis. Everytime I wanted to fuck, I had to pull the skin and open the wound again. It was painful. So I had to cut it off. 




 I feel guilty, but I laughed at the lightning striking the grave. It's like God himself had something against this poor guy. 




 Fucking while still having stitches. That's something I have to try. I have masturbated while having stitches in my dick after my circumcision, though. It was painful but also hot. I'm a little bit masochistic. 




 1. All races are equal. This has been stated by scientist many times.

2. How do you explain poor white people in first world countries? Are they like a special kind of white race people? 




 I'm not american so i didn't knew about this guy. I'm watching some videos now. Thanks. 




 Wise words 




 If you are thinking about killing yourself, maybe it's time to change some things in your life. 




 Did he fart at 8:43? 




 No. He is an artist. 




 There is also some spanking in Adventure Time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O9zDtTTRsfE 




 Maybe listening to his voice will make you feel good. You could phone him now and then or ask him to record special voice messages for you or even an audiobook. Imagine listening to an episode everytime you miss him. Wouldn't it be cool? 




 http://40.media.tumblr.com/9092a3ae870f6eedf82fa4c94f1aaa7c/tumblr_nil5i9YP2G1qj6ugyo1_500.jpg 




 I meant he is a little out of tempo in that video. 




 Now you are being rude. You are taking karma too seriously. 




 How do you punish your subs when they cum without your permission? Something easy would be giving them a good spanking, but, if they enjoy that, it would be more like a prize. Something humiliating, maybe? 




 Well, there was that thread with midget clown porn recently. It was deleted but, what was that? 




 Whammy: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SWM2Ie0dGQI
*Glass breaks* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aAsuh12t-GM
The Fever (Aye Aye) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-eBRriJ-Xs
Powers that B: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7fy0OpdgBoc
Turned off: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdUY900hkmk
No Love (this is a little fucked up, but at least the guy does some improvisation) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjHeU4BVHnQ
The Fever (again, but this time by a guy named Michael Cisterna, it's funny because in spanish "cisterna" means "water tank", you know, like in the toilet, whatever): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3odpfFN0y-Q

Edit: Ha ha, and this guy's name is "lavabo", that means "bathroom". He makes On GP. Very noisy. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4rd_TZbUYWA 




 How is that? 




 Thanks for sharing this. I'm disocovering the pleasure of reading in this subreddit other people's experiences and games. 




 I'd recommend you these albums:

Lightning Bolt - Wonderful Rainbow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8JpHoAnaPK0 (brutal live performance)
Techno Animal - Brotherhood of the Bomb 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIZ6G1usPXc

Food for Animals - Belly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NnrYHvKq3IA 




 But where did they get the voice sample? 




 I don't know the story behind the "Quarantine the virus, god block" line. Where is it from? 




 You mean favorite moments in their songs, their career or their performances? 




 Stefan has a much softer voice than I expected. 




 Vine doesn't work in some android phones. Maybe that's your case. 




 Hey, that's Cersei! 




 She is gonna get so horny while telling you her fantasies and visualizing them. 




 This, please. Anyone? 




 Of course, she had to record that video in a dark room only lighted up with candles, with some more dolls in the background. She couldnt record it in a totally normal room at day light. 




 That's a terrible CGI work. 




 This movie is based on the premise that the deaf guy can read the lips perfectly, but actually doing this is very hard and you only get like the 10% of the oral information. I know this because I've worked with deaf people for some years. 




 When does the quantity of policemen start to be too many policemen? 




 Yeah, I know there is a lot of fucked up people in the internet. But at the beginning of this video you can see how this guy cleans a knife full of blood with  panties. That's obviously a joke.

I admit I had a moment of doubt when I played this other video and saw the obsessive mural made of cute girls photos. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPBpe1P6pZU

Like, who the hell would be so dedicated to set the scenario for a video? But also you can see labels on the boxes: "Justin DVDs (Bieber)" and "Justin DVDs (Timberlake)". He's clearly acting. 




 I doubt this guy is really pertubed. I think he is just making art and humour. He is acting. If you watch the whole video it gets quite absurd, its just like a creepy short film. 




 someone set up us the bomb! 




 On one session my dom forbided me to close my eyes. I just keeped closing it because I was feeling such a pleasure.

Some time later we switched and she was my sub. I forbided her to speak, a different way of having control on somebody. The thing was she had to speak in sign language. I was a sing language interpreter then and I was teaching her, so it was like practising for her. It was incredibly cute to see her so quiet and trying to communicate with me with her hands. 




 You are a genius and made me laugh. Thank you very much. 




 I played my No Love Deep Web record while practicing a method my therapist taught me for releasing my anger and anxiety. It consists in hitting a phone book with a piece of plastic pipe while you scream.

So, No love was blasting, and I was hitting the phone book as hard as I could, following the ryhtm of the beats, shouting things like "I'm not gonna be sad!" and "I'm gonna be happy!".

Later I got interested in magick and occultism, so one day I tried to practise my own purification ritual. I wrote in my arm "Do what thou wilt, shall be the whole of the law", and in my leg "Love is the law, love under will" (both quotes from The book of the Law by Aleister Crowley). I cut my hair while listening to Beware. Cutting my hair had always some kind of symbolism, like leaving the old stuff behind and starting a new phase. 

I can assure you I felt quite powerful, like I was doing something really meaningful or, at least, different, as Manson spoke in the intro. Then I took a shower. 




 That moment when Come up and get me starts... Damn. If I was there I would have an orgasm. 




 Did a picture of this graffiti exist, or did I just create a fake memory? 




 If the band see this, they are gonna love it, for sure. 




 thanks 




 GIG
APORSIH? 




 There is nothing wrong in not being absolutely original. 




 I just realized that people have posted a lot of button-related haikus:

http://www.reddit.com/r/thebutton/comments/3243us/my_button_haiku/
http://www.reddit.com/r/thebutton/comments/31ebgd/i_wrote_a_haiku_about_pushing_the_button/
http://www.reddit.com/r/thebutton/comments/31ik4e/a_collection_of_buttonrelated_haiku_ama/
http://www.reddit.com/r/thebutton/comments/317gxb/the_button_a_haiku/
http://www.reddit.com/r/thebutton/comments/319rqp/presser_haiku/
http://www.reddit.com/r/thebutton/comments/317tut/a_haiku_from_a_troubled_nonpresser/ 




 I can't remember how mine ended. I guess I just stopped imagining them. 




 Ok then :) 




 Is really anybody gonna read all the bands we list in these posts? 




 Cool. I didn't knew this one. Thanks. 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/325urf/if_the_next_president_is_white_the_united_states/ 




 It was probably just the office ghost cheking r/thebutton. 




 No. Germans are "Textura".

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blackletter 




 Me and my best (girl) friend are huge fans of AT and sometimes we meet and watch the new episodes. After that we use to discuss and get to the same point: the show is getting more adult. AT started as a children show, but it got a lot of young adult fans, and they have to adapt to that. Adults want more complexity, more mature themes, deepness, sub-plots, story arcs.

But I wouldn't worry. I think the show will always preserve its touch  of innocence and be children likeable. Even in the most serious episodes, a lot of fantastic and absurd things and jokes happen. 




 Don't be such an ass. He is just trying to have a deep discussion about a show he likes. That's what boards and forums and subreddits are for, besides posting memes and jokes. 




 Well, people keep saying "Oh my God" even when Nietzsche stated very clearly that he is dead. 




 Is this really something to look at while you are stoned? 
























 I had problems with this too. It took some time for me to remember that oficially Theon killed Sansa brothers. That's what everybody was told. Only he and maybe some of his guards know that those burned kids were actually some peasant's sons. 




 I'm not implying it's easy. I know well how hard it is. I've been what people call an introvert all my life, and I still am. I have had problems with anxiety, depression and OCD. I've always been socially inept. But something I have learn is that you have to make an effort to change, you have to push your limits again and again, you have to expose yourself to whatever you fear.

I had social phobia. People still scares me. But this started to change the moment I decided I wanted to change, that I had to face my fears, I had to expose myself to people so it would have less and less power over me.

All I say is this "fucking normies" or "normies suck" or "being normal is wrong" attitude scares me, because is spreading and many people seems to really mean it, beyond memes and irony and REEEEs. I fear that the hikkikomori problem could spread to the western world. 




 Ok. My english is still not perfect. 




 It amazes me that nobody ever mentioned to me that goats make human shouts and frogs scream. I didn't know until a couple years ago thanks to the internet. 




 What? 




 In a certain way, as a non digital native, it scares me that people joke about being just a normal and socially adjusted person. I want to believe they are just joking, but sometimes, because of the things I read, I'm not so sure.

There is nothing great about being socially anxious or having social phobia. There is nothing great in wasting all your time alone at home playing videogames or surfing the web. If you don't feel comfortable at parties or crowds, ok, I understand it, I can relate to that. Don't force yourself to do something that makes you feel bad. But, for god sake, try to be social, get some friends, talk to people, go to some events in your town, get some laid. Either way, you are gonna have a very sad existence.

I want to believe I'm just taking too seriously a bunch of jokes in an imageboard, but sometimes I don't know. People seem so serious about it. 




 This is one of the main concepts in Stephen King's "The Dark Tower". The world of the protagonist is inside a leaf of grass that is located in an empty plot (I don't know if this is the right word) in New York. The leaf is rotting, and so is that world. 




 You are crazy 




 There would always be hackers that would find the way to hack the voting system and try to change things accordingly to their will. Some of them would be freelance, some of them will be paid by certain parties or lobbies. Some of them would be more sutile and some of them will just unchain numeric chaos.

I've seen polls hacked many times, like in the Eurovision Show or that time Moot was voted most influential man in 2009 Time's poll. 




 You are super cute. I'd love to see you in a schoolgirl uniform. Just an idea. 




 Anyway, it's a good compilation. 




 Please, don't upvote this. It has 666 votes right now. It's perfect this way. 




 Yeah, maybe I should edit the title and add "In a NEAR future". 




 I checked, and nah, it's just a [scorpion fly](http://geekologie.com/2012/09/11/scorpion-fly-1.jpg) 









 There is a proof: I remember perfectly my past lives. I was a peasant in every one of them. That was boring. 




 They are probably gonna give me weird looks, but I've played worse things in parties, usually just to annoy people. 









 You are hacking your penis. 




 Actually it has more to do with my dad's kind of sense of humor. He likes those gags in the movies when somebody kicks a dog or something like that. He loved "A fish called Wanda". They kill a lot of little dogs in that one. 




 My dad laughed his ass off when we went to the cinema to watch this movie, back in the days. 




 They could communicate if they have an interpreter. They could have interesting things to talk about, like their problems being disabled or accesing to information. 




 Where in America? Like, in Colombia? 




 Ok, I will help you. I'm on my way. I'm in Spain, though. Where are you? I'm gonna have to take a plane, maybe. That will take some hours. 




 They might end flirting because they like each other and they experienced a funny situation together, and he knows she finds him cute. That has nothing to do with a prank, unless it is proven in the movie, which I didn't watch. 




 Why? 




 That youtube channel is bananas! 




 I think next time I'm the DJ in a party I'm going to play this. 




 You obviously haven't seen enough rule 34 material. 




 Learn a poetry from heart, like [The Pirate Song](http://www.grijalvo.com/Citas/b_Espronceda_Cancion_pirata.html) or [El Romance del Prisionero](http://www.poesi.as/indx0001.htm) (this one is shorter). 




 Great. She is one of my favorite voices in the show. 




 The interpreter and the deaf guy started laughing because they found the situation ridiculous. 




 Prank? He's just a deaf guy trying to use a sex hot line through an interpretation service. I admit it's something unusual, but when you are an interpreter you have to face awkward situations all the time, and you compromise to do your job, respecting your user rights and desires.

Thanks for the subtitles. Unfortunately my deaf friends are spanish and they wont understand english. I don't know what I was thinking in the first place, hehe. 




 I will use this video in the future. 




 The world never ceases to amaze me. 




 I'd like to lick it. I bet it sticks to your tongue and tastes sour. 




 I recommend this album, by the way. I recently discovered Coil and they are certainly interesting and innovative. 




 Call me crazy, but I think this video is about feet fetish. 




 All this guy's videos are titled the same 




 It seems we don't have to be worried about this girl. Apparently her and this guy are good friends. He was kicked out his parents house and she helped him.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ScU90xw9LUg 




 Hey, he's a musician. He can't be a bad guy. 




 thank mr skeltal 




 As a former sign language interpreter I must say this girl is making many severe professional mistakes. Things you can be sanctioned for, like lying or removing information. The deaf user could even report her and she would be in trouble. She should translate absolutely everything and don't lie at all. But I guess realism will ruin the fun of the scene.

I wish this was fully subtitled, not only the signs. I could share it with my deaf friends and they would find it hilarious, I'm sure. 




 Who's that girl? 




 I will them mine how life was like in the 80's and 90's 




 I bet the DG guys will love this video.

Also, I laughed at this moment: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9NqFVC0Lwc t=3m23s 




 Thanks for sharing. I love to read about other people experiences. 




 Tool used it too in the hidden track "faaip de oidad"

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83R54yAB5Cw 




 What power do you mean? 




 I thought it was the sound of an egg being fried, layered 309 times. 




 These are the most perfect tits I'v ever seen. Saved. 




 I like how in Reddit you usually can make a question and people really give you an answer, instead of getting the "learn to use google" answer that you get in most of the other sites, like 4chan and many, many forums.

You are cool people, redditors. 




 Not flawless. He forgot to post the dubs-man meme picture. 




 I was trying to be sarcastic, but it seems that I failed.

It was a way of saying that u/Bluecool was being a jerk, not taking the effort of sharing the video.

I searched "Death grips sxsw", "mc ride attacks camera" and "stefan burnett attacks camera" and found nothing. It's not so easy. 




 One of the favorite facts I can think of right now is that they decided to leak No Love Deep Web inspired by Magic The Gathering tactics. Zach's brother is a Magic player and told him about control decks, which basically take control over the opponent's cards and turn them against him. So they got into a simbolic stage of power, the Chateau Marmont hotel, frequented by celebrities, and leaked the album from inside. It's all post-modern magic to me. Epic wanted to control them, so they took control.

You can find better explanations of this story here:

http://pitchfork.com/features/interviews/9004-death-gripz/
http://blogs.artinfo.com/spotlight/2012/11/20/death-grips-are-not-pranksters-just-fans-of-magic-the-gathering/ 




 The trout mask 




 Yeah, just search "mc Ride attacking camera" and it will get you straight to the exact minute and second of the video where that happens.

Jeez, man. 




 This is quite hypnotizing too 




 Right, if people is upvoting this there must be a reason, but I must also listen the opinion of those who frequent this board and were here before than me. Of course, if they don't see it as a proper material, they can just downvote the thing, but I'm interested in everybody's opinion. 




 Thanks for all the explanations, guys. I posted this just because I thought it was a funny comment, just the kind of stuff I usually see posted on this sub. But I see some people have higher standards than that. I'll have that in mind next time. 




 OP here. I'd like to know what I did wrong. I thought this fitted well with this subreddit purpose. But since some of you seem upset, I'd like you to explain to me what's wrong with this post.

Thanks. 




 It seems a lot of people is coming to the same thought, then. 




 Something similar happens to me with porn. After some hours watching porn, I go to bed and when I close my eyes I see bodies, tits, nude girls everywhere. 




 Not very original. I've seen this one before in Twitter and 4chan. 




 Surf the internet, read books, watch films and chat with friends. Sometimes dance helps too. 




 Sure OP will deliver 




 That was boring 









 I just see a hot thing burning other things 
























 and /lookatthisolddoll 




 Damn, I was gonna post exactly this... 




 He was asking for it, wearing those sexy clothes. Anyway, I bet he even enjoyed it. 




 I'm thinking that already. 




 I love black holes. They are dark mother fuckers that one day will destroy the whole universe. 




 If that works for you and you are happy this way, go ahead. There have always been recluse, hermit and antisocial people, living appart from society, in a cabin in the woods, or shut in their studios. I know some people that live like this and they are happy. I don't like personally this way of living, but I don't see there is any problem for them.

My concern is, as you say, that this can be bad for young people that have social problems. Some communities are reinforcing this attitudes that can cripple their abbilities and lead to problems like depresion.

Maybe I'm just getting old (I'm 34) and I'm in my new-things-are-the-devil phase. But, honestly, as the years pass, I'm witnessing how some concerning phenomena are appearing as the Internet evolves.

I know, saying "get out and get a social live" can be too rude and cliche, and it's not something so simple to do. When I wrote that I was angry, sad and concerned about these people. 




 I have. It's interesting if you are into experimental arts. But yes, it's long and slow. I think you can find an explanation of the meaning of each scene on the wikipedia article. 




 They download it from the internet. 




 "lol white people are so weird". I get it, white people dance funny and don't know how to bro fist properly but what the fuck has this to do with race? Don't other races make crazy creepy art?

Those comments are made by young ignorant brainwashed people, I guess.

Damn, sometimes reading the comments section is a dangerous idea. 




 The comments in that site are very sad. Lots of people saying "White people are weird" and "Only liberals would take their children to watch this". Can you just appreciate something crazy, funny and genuine? Haven't you ever seen something provoking in your life, something truly artistic? Yeah, it has a pig, and guts, and a baby being given birth, and a vagina and a penis urinating on people. So? For god sake, it's funny. Did they miss all of the avant-garde art movements in the 20 century? Not everything in art is a fucking Marvel movie, a Disney movie or an HBO series. 




 This is a hommage to all the helpless children who get eaten by monsters every year.

I'm glad somebody finally portrayed this subject. I don't think it's getting an appropiate treatment in the media. 




 And "taco" means "cuss word" in Spain. 




 This "last time" shower thoughts always hit me right in the feels for some reason.

[Like this one](http://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/37w0ej/there_will_be_a_last_time_anyone_says_your_name/) 




  They should either not exist, or be an uncontrollable force of chaos.

I prefer them this way in the story: being weapons with complicated moral implications. 




 It's a very interesting concept. Being your own master. Taking care of yourself and give yourself orders, respecting yourself. Having always your own autorithy there to guide you.

Go ahead, wear a collar. There are lots of goth and punk girls doing it.

Some day you'll find something special you can wear to symbolize your subjugation to your master. 




 That's because Jesus magic comes from God, and witches' magic comes from their pacts with the devil. 




 I'm sure somebody thought this was perfect for a girl bedroom and that she would always sleep peacefully being watched by all those empty eyes. 




 Daenerys has dragons. So? The Lannisters have gold and the throne, the Starks had the Wall and the support of a lot of people in the north, the Tyrells have food, Valirya had strange stuff like valyrian fire and steel... There are many different forces clashing in the saga. And there are some mytical creatures like giants and white walkers and, yes, dragons, but very scarce and as remnants of past ages. They just enrich the story and fit the medieval fantastic setting, but in a subtle way, leaving space for political plot.

Yeah, Daenerys has a lot of stuff but she doesn't know what to do with all that. She is too worried about being the perfect queen and fixing every injustice she finds. 




 She hasn't won yet because she's too busy trying to make justice and fixing every social problem in her way to the iron throne. 




 At first I didn't understand this statement neither, but after thinking for a while, I believe he means it's like she had an unending supply of atomic bombs. You spend bombs and have to built some more, but dragons power doesn't exhaust, at least not in the same way that bombs. 




 You have a nice premise there for a sci-fi novel. 




 This is good material for r/deepintoyoutube 




 Hostia puta! 









 Does the melody even follow the beat? 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYzIxU_G22Q 




 No niego que "duende" tenga el sentido amplio que le da el diccionario, pero estamos intentando hacer saber a los dems usuarios que el uso que se le da en la ilustracin no es muy habitual ni actual. 

Aparte de eso, buena explicacin. 




 Well, she posted nude pics and videos masturbating. I wouldn't call that "shy".

 




 Sexy suit 




 Please, please, tell me she isn't u/absinthedoctor. I was checking her profile and all her comments are rude, downvoted, calling people names and wishing some people die. What an incredible brat. That would be a turn off.

Edit: OK. I think it's not her. He posted [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/RealGirls/comments/36lhm7/short_hair_selfies/crfehsg), saying "videos of **her** masturbating".
http://www.reddit.com/r/RealGirls/comments/36lhm7/short_hair_selfies/crfehsg 




 Oh, god, thanks for this set. I found some time ago that pic with the mouse in the mouth and I had to save it. It's one of my favorite. And now this... God, it's my dream girl. 




 I must say this boy is quite creative. It's an unusual way to represent your parents. Not the typical drawing. 




 Just like every language do. 




 Yeah, it's more like a gnome. Actually in Spain we mostly use this word referring to flamenco artists very captivating or with a stroke of genius, like if some fairy poured some magic dust on him. 




 Maybe a more appropiate title for this would be "Words that haven't an equivalent in english". 




 I'm afraid you just were memed.

Or copypasted. 




 Maybe there was a time when "duende" was applied to any form of artistic talent, but today we only use it when talking about a talented flamenco artist. I guess you could use this word while talking about other kind of artists, specially talented people, people with "spirit", or a stroke of genius or artists that captivate you. But, really, we almost use it only referring to flamenco.

Source: I live in Spain. 




 We say "friolero" in Spain with that exact meaning. 




 I like to watch the brush strokes from up close. I can feel every movement the hand of the artist made years and maybe decades ago. It's like he is speaking to me, like a travel in time. I can feel the artist there with me. 




 In Spanish we have a word for "schlimazl". We say "gafe". 




 The [langoliers](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Langoliers) eat it all (spoilers). 




 Madre del amor hermoso! 




 lol shelfonso! 




 I just think its arrogant that you think you're in a place to tell people what to do with their lives

I'm not in 4chan telling those guys what to do. I'm in Reddit telling my opinion about their attitude. My opinion is that they should stop romanticizing social incompetence and hating what they considere is "normal".

and pathetic to react with fear towards people who make different choices than you.

I don't feel fear like this people would come to my house and stab me. I feel fear for the future of this people. I could just not care about them at all, you know, they are probably not even in my same continent. But I'm afraid of some effects of technology on people these days.

What are those choices you say they took? Playing videogames? Smoking weed? Surfing the internet? I have no problem with that. I have a problem with the fact that being secluded and hating social people is becoming a cool attitude in some places in the net. What kind of individuals is this going to produce in the future?

By the way, you don't know me. You don't know what choices I have taken in my life. Maybe you'll be surprised. Maybe I'm too similar to this people I'm talking about. 




 If you like that video chek out the channel, Memory Hole. It's a goldmine, pure r/creepy material. 




 And Gilgamesh 




 Oh, God, how I loved that guy. 




 Maybe about walking on the sand of the beach and taking hot baths. 




 Actually in the games it's errant heroes and warriors who loot the bodies, and they are not exactly rich people. 




 It depends. I don't think they would like Merzbow or Whitehouse, for example. 




 Yes, they can do be 




 He finally found "the sound". 




 Perspective. 




 No problem. This happens to me now and then.

I should have reread my text before sending it. 




 Ok, I'm insensitive and selfish, and this people are gonna do great in life hating "normal" people and not evolving. Whatever, buddy. 




 Ok. I'm not a native english speaker. Writing all this is hard for me, you know. 




 I think there are two possibilities:

1. The kid died while on the swing. He would have fell off. There is no way somebody dies in such a peaceful way he just keeps sitting in a swing. The mother, for no apparent reason, went crazy at that precise moment, didn't care about his death, sat the kid back on the swing and kept on pushing him until the next day.

2. The kid died. The mom went crazy, couldn't accept it and wanted to play with his dead child a little more. She took the body to the park.

Both are crazy and scary, but the first one doesn't sound plausible to me. 




 The most terrifying part of this for me is that the child died and then the mother carried his corpse to the park. 




 The shadow on the moon is round because Earth is a disc. A flat disc. 




 Time machines will not transport you to certain space and time. They will insert your data into the code of another moment in history. It's not a matter of things moving, but of the language the universe is programmed on. 




 I think about this very often. I am almost convinced that this reality is an enormous simulation, a videogame made with a programming language so complex we can't even imagine. There are some gods/players/spectators watching us and maybe controling us. Maybe this is a game they play or just an experiment. I'm not sure about this yet. 




 Choo choo motherfucker! 




 I heard there is a secret entrance to heaven in the bathrooms of some Walmart in Boston. 




 I don't get this. Could you elaborate, please? Did he mention Mia in his lyrics  or something? 




 Finally. I was tired of lists with the same creepy videos again and again. 




 I was expecting some picture. That would have improve the story. Like the girl sending photos of what she is seeing. The guy getting closer and closer. 




 You don't have to worry. There are no jumpscares. I was worried about that too. 




 It's a show, not real life. You can't expect people to react the same way to different characters.

Even in real life, you don't feel the same if your father has an accident that if you see in the news that some unknown women are being raped in India. Obviously, both things are wrong and you'll be sorry about them, but you don't react at the same level. 




 Commiseration can be nice, I guess. People supporting each other's suffering. Sharing experiences and problems. But romanticizing social ineptitude and perpetuating hate towards well adjusted people is not.

I'm not condescending this people. I'm worried about them. They scare me.

I'm rarely happy in my real life. I have a lot of social and mental problems just like this people. Very often I feel a strong hate for "normal" people, but then I try to remember this hate is not healthy, nor fair or cool. "Normal people" don't exist. It's just a tag I put on them because of my own problems.

I have two objectives:

1) Accepting the way I am. I am shy. I am an introvert. I like quiet and sometimes loneliness. I don't like crowds. I don't like clubs or parties. I'm awkward with women.
2) Improving my social skills. If I don't want to be alone I must learn to relate to people.

And I'm not gonna improve my skills if I have people online patting me in the back and saying: "Fucking normies, am I right?" and laughing at my memes. This can be a very bad influence, even more if you are a teenager. 
























 Wordreference translates it as fortress, palace, or castle. I guess it's a mix of palace and fortress. 




 I never implied that. I was answering to your blatant assertion that we don't know about a part of our history that lasted for 8 hundred years and makes a part of our culture. Maybe you think we have something against muslim history and culture, that in the school they lie about it or silence it, telling us we were better. 




 So, the same country were Al Andalus stayed for 8 centuries doesn't know about it. We don't have experts, teachers, historians, museums, archeologists, historical centers, investigations, books, touristic routes specialized in the matter.

Yeah, sure, mate. 




 Yes. Unfortunately we have to deal with media that are eager to find shocking news and don't give all the information and even distort it. The best thing to do is read articles from different sources to get all the different details, even reading independent people that have investigated and gathered all the info and maybe wrote some post in his blog. 




 But... He's not a clown. I win. 




 Even if she went crazy, there is still the question about how impossible it was for her to close the tank lids from the inside. 




 Where did you learn about "pre-Spain" era? Are you some kind of expert or made some specialized studies about that matter? Not trying to be sarcastic, I promise. Just want to know who I am talking to. 




 Also, you still didn't provide any source using the "pre-spanish" term. I googled it and only found stuff about Philippines and Chile. 




 Yeah, I guess you are better informed about Spain history than the spanish educative system itself.

We are taught about Al Andalus since primary school. Nobody denies it. 




 Those aren't proof

The Iberian Peninsula being called Hispania in the year 27 b.c. is not enough proof for you? 




 I'm sorry but I'm from Spain and I've never heard this "pre-spanish" term applied to Al-Andalus. In fact it would make no sense to a spanish person if you tell it. Could you give me some source where this term is used?

"Pre-spanish" implies that some spanish quality came after the muslim occupation. As /u/SNCommand is explaining you, this part of the world was called Hispania (Spain, Espaa) by the romans before the moors came here. 




 I would like to know what exactly is considered the "pre-spanish era". 




 I read about this happening first in France, but the date of [this article](http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2014/10/clown-killer-quest-ce-que-cest/382092/) and the ones this guy ([1](http://www.reddit.com/r/creepy/comments/38zrih/its_a_creepy_craze_in_california_now_mysterious/crz6oid)|[2](http://abcnews.go.com/US/mysterious-clowns-terrorizing-california-city/story?id=26157014)) posted are the same.

In France clown bands were really attacking people with weapons, provoking the creation of anti-clown patrols. 




 ... our lord and savior John Wayne Gacy? 




  they use to sneak onto the roof all the time with their girlfriend. Apparently the alarms rarely went off.

In the Cecil hotel or another building?

just saying that bipolar can often cause SERIOUS cases of psychosis.

I'm not sure if I got it right because I still have some problems with my english, but I think they say in the video that the family denied Elisa having mental issues. 




 Yeah, that's just one of the many strange things in this case. Even the elevator behaved in a weird way. 




 [In case anybody is interested](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VXM6OgrZl3U) 




 You are gorgeous. The true definition of "androgynous hottie". 




 This is a very interesting case. It seems to be very famous, but I didn't know about it. 




 This is very useful for graffiti artists. 




 What exactly were you trying to communicate with this video?
What what it's objective? 




 I didn't said "the universe itself is the product of their minds". What I mean is that there is a team of people that had to addapt the content of the books to the screen, and in that process they created some things. New events, new dialogues, sometimes new characters (who immediately die, lol). But, of course, the world that Martin created in compare to what we see in the show is huge. 




 Of course it's derived from his writings but not totally. Some part of it came from other creative minds. Let's say 10%. I don't even know what I'm talking about. 




 I mean, yes, of course, all the characters and this world and stories and places came from Martin's mind. He is a genius, I admit it. But there are a some more writers creating memorable dialogues and plots that aren't included in the books. 




  everything we discuss on this subreddit and everything in the show and books

 




 Probably it came from the minds of a whole team of writers. I don't think Martin is writing the whole tv series by himself. 




 How can that guy eat his spaghetti while watching to this horrible creatures? 




 Meh. This is the kind of shemales I don't like. 




 Actually I have started liking shemales recently. I prefer traps. I need them to be cute. I don't like guys with long hair, fake cheap tits and a dick. Bailey Jay and Natalie Mars got me into this. 




 I didn't realize it has an age restriction because of boobs. Sorry. Thanks for the link. 




 Because pretty chicks with dicks are hot. Not this one, though. 









 [Soundtrack](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uUaXI3YXasE) 




 I felt so sorry for him in season 4 that I could barely stand the scenes he appeared on. It made me feel uneasy. I felt like they were extending his suffering and humiliation too much for no reason. But that's just how I felt. I guess I empathized too much with him. This is partially due to a great acting, no doubt. 




 Source? 




 [It's magic](https://fedgeno.com/its-magic-i-aint-gotta-explain-shit.jpg) 




 [Current 93 - I have a special plan for this world](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxZpEFJhO6k) (22 min long)

[Penderecki: Threnody for the Victims of Hiroshima](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dp3BlFZWJNA)

I can't recall any particular song, but I heard some creepy songs by Diamanda Galas.

And here you have some albums:

[The Residents - Commercial Album](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MdSlFl5H76A)

[Diagnose Lebensgefahr - Transformalin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VIQNUVTfKQM)

This album was made as a therapy by an ex-depressive-suicidal-black metal artist while he stayed at an asylum. I know this sounds like bullshit. Actually there are many fake rumors about this guy, but this asylum fact seems to be true.
 




 You hold your pop in a box? 




 What? Aren't you afraid that one day you will... Ooooh, I see... 




 I think it will be more like a new ice age. 




 I've seen all kind of serious shit in the internet, and it usually doesn't affect me. I even considere myself quite a pervert with some fetishisms, but the fact that this kind of material exists always unsettles me. People aroused by drawings of anthropomorphic animals swallowing things... It's just too much for me. 




 He died because of a cerebral edema while the filming of "Game of death" wasn't still finished. In that movie there is a scene where Bruce gets shot. Maybe that started the rumors. Some people still believe that's the scene where he died by accident, when a fake gun was actually loaded. I guess this rumors originated after his son died this way in the filming of "The Crow". 




 Death knows this and tries to not having any major celebrity in her list on April fools. 




 Maybe this, from "The taking of Deborah Logan"?

https://33.media.tumblr.com/df7a7f89dc0e179dbe580a11e7ed9dfd/tumblr_ne5dc0N4Bt1tsy6uyo1_400.gif 




 Eating like, with fork and knife on a plate? 




 When you hurt yourself or other people? 




 Have you and your girlfriend ever played swapping gender roles? 




 Actually they are scared men might find out they are actually aliens in human disguise.

wtf man? 




 Is this cultural appropiation? 




 How does he manage poop? Does he do it in plastic bags and later throw them in the garbage? 




 that_is_the_joke.jpg 




 Those beers look tasty. 




 http://www.thisiscolossal.com/2015/06/bruce-shapiros-mesmerizing-kinetic-sand-drawing-machines/ 




 A huge simulator 




 I knew I had seen this somewhere else before.

http://www.timecube.com/

But, what has this to do with the Lunchables trademark? 




 Until now I was living in a deception, believing Reddit and 4chan were enemies and separate worlds. I believed that redditors were kind and civilized people that ocasionally posted dank memes. 




 I could expect this from /b/ but not from redditors. I am dissapointed. 




 All you people signing this should feel ashamed. You are just hurting one person just for the sake of hurting.

Just let people live in peace. 




 What a day! What a mathematical day! 




 I know about bootlegs, but I don't trust in their sound quality, and I don't want to give my money to somebody stealing the artist's work. 




 Hi! You are right. I spent a lot of time there. I haven't visited it for awhile, though. I guess I got tired of going through all the memes and reposts. 




 Is that a reference to that article about the size of the printed version of Wikipedia? 




 I work in a public library. It has a big press section. Sometimes they throw away useless or old stuff and sometimes I pick up some magazines or books I can later use to make collages. One time I was attending this section and had a look in the recycle bin. I found a thick old magazine celebrating the anniversary of the death of Francisco Franco -Spain dictator for 30 years. I leafed through the magazine and found inserted in one of the pages a very thin and flexible disc. It turned out it was a compilation of recordings of speeches of Franco through history. National speeches, victory speeches, militar speeches. His galician accent, his special voice pitch and the particular way public figures used to spoke at that time of history makes listening to this a very special experience.

It's the rarest piece of my collection. 




 [Death Grips - Ex-military](http://www.discogs.com/Death-Grips-Ex-Military/release/3267383)
One of my favorite albums by one of my favorite bands. Can't be reissued because of copyright problems with the samples they used, so now it's kinda rare. Some copies are being sold for 150-200$.

[Moondog - Moondog (1969)](http://www.discogs.com/Moondog-Moondog/release/926533)
One album I love by a very special man: poet, composer, instrument maker and blind. They are even making a documental film about him. Was re-released last time in 2001. It's 35-75$ now.

[Have a nice life - Deathconsciousness](http://www.discogs.com/Have-A-Nice-Life-Deathconsciousness/release/6024716)
I love this album and it's quite common, but since the original recordings were destroyed by accident and only 128 kbps files were left to use for re-pressings, I'm only buying this when I have a lot of money and can afford it. 




 It's a shame that they had to disable the comments in the video. Probably it was constantly bombarded by hateful messages. 




 lol dinosauers! 




 Thanks, Dave.

 




 Source? 




 Source: Kate 'vesner' Redesiuk
http://society6.com/product/popcorn-hsa_print#1=45
http://www.redesiuk.com/ 
























 Test audiences. Heh. It's the most anti-artistic concept I can think of. 




 Errr... What mask? 




 [So that's the fucker who has been singing this song for four days in my head!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srEDcmbrmZA) 




 Reddit never ceases to amaze me. 




 I looked about this in youtube but found nothing. Do you have any video somewhere? 




 So she was like your 3D printer... 




 I just want to point out that you are reposting some of your photos. Maybe you should be more careful. 




 Imagine explaining your grandpa comments like "and my axe" or "rekt". 




 Yeah, like in that Mtv show. That would be interesting. 




 Then I'm soulless since many years ago. I got it removed when I was twenty something and I still get my heart broken by girls and feel moved by art works. 




 Brian Peppers 




 Im sure this thread got lots of shit and off topic posts. They just edited it out of the picture because it's irrelevant. Of course nowadays you'll get tons more of shitposting, because /b/ is more populated, but you still can do threads like this whenever you want. It's just that the people with imagination are not interested in /b/ anymore because the cancer killed it years ago. 




 Can you believe I almost cry everytime I watch this commercial? 




 Yeah, that's obvious. Even so, he was creative enough to make such an awesome thread. Years ago there were lots of people samefagging and doing very original threads like this one. You don't find that kind of stuff nowadays in /b/. 




 Damned was quite better. I love everything hell and heaven related. But Pygmy was like Palahniuk was parodying his own style and thematic. 




 2009. Back when /b/ still had epic threads like this. 




 Every time you didn't look, you were missing thousands of dollars in CGI effects and costume design. 




 I think that artist is Thomas Ott. At least it looks like his style. I think he draws white over a black background. He has some great and eerie comic books like Cinema Panopticum, Greetings from Hellville or The Number 73304-23-4153-6-96-8. 




 I would recommend Haunted next. And maybe Choke and Rant. 




 Pygmy is sadly the worst thing I have read by Palahniuk. 




 I think this is one of his best books, because it has the creativity, originality and passion of that young age when he started writing it. It has many unanswered questions maybe because it's more about mistery, poetry and atmosphere than about a definite plot. But every following book gets more and more conventional. The world of this setting and the story of the characters get better explained with more and more details with every book. The last books were almost insuferable for me regarding writing style but I can't deny it's a very very funny and imaginative saga. 




 I would sell the most valuable books, get some money and donate the rest of the collection to a public library. You would be doing something  great for your community and will feel great. If the collection is as big as you say the library could put it in a special section and put it your friend's dad name in his honor. That would be a great way to remember him. I work in a public library and we have a special collection named after a guy that made a huge donation of old books.  




 "We all float down here" 




 Bob 




 Thanks. I watched that moment twice and I still didn't get what I was looking at. Due to the angle of that shot, it seemed like there really was a tiny woman swimming in milk right there. 




 Wow. You are damn good. In fact I think I've seen some of your work before in tumblr. 




 Do you have some illustrations online that we can see?
Not necessarily sleep related. 




 Or maybe it was... A ghost! *gasp* 




 I have experienced it lots of times for years, even several times in the same night. But it still scares me. I panic, but, well, I can't do anything, because you can't move, you can only breathe. So I've learned to just relax and wait until my body reacts. 




 God, that took forever. But, yeah, cool video indeed. I like all I see by Adult Swim. 




 Why did you have three different accounts? Couldn't you just unsuscribe from the subs you didn't like and subscribe to new ones? 




 I think you'll like White Suns. Their last album, Totem, is from 2014.

http://whitesuns.bandcamp.com/ 









 This is one of the best things I've seen in Youtube. 




 And how would you say Reddit was before? I'm quite new here. 




 D-d-do you wanna go out with me on a date? 




 So,it's made of [vantablack](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/science/blackest-is-the-new-black-scientists-have-developed-a-material-so-dark-that-you-cant-see-it-9602504.html)? 




 That is a very cool old drawer. 




 I checked the Nightvale wiki: http://nightvale.wikia.com/wiki/Fey

Fey was merely a piece of self-aware software trapped in a heavily-defended metal box

And I guess the following can't be considered canon, since it's from the Thrilling Adventure Hour   Welcome to Night Vale Crossover:

Pemily Stallwark (played by Molly Quinn) is erased from existence. Before returning to existence moments later, she finds herself facing an endless stream of numbers and is forced to read them out loud, briefly breaking into "Roar" by Katy Perry at one point. This was a reference to both characters being voiced by Quinn. A "techno-theological debate" from earlier in the episode over whether or not robots (and presumably computers) have souls may hint that Stallwark is Fey's future reincarnation.

 




 Don't subestimate human kind. It's capable of the most strange acts. 




 A computer program? I thought she was a real person, like those people reading numbers and talking in the "number stations". 




 I think you mean Casper. 




 This is an amazing story. I think Im gonna translate it into spanish and post it in one of my blogs, where sometimes I talk about weird and cool things that happen in videogames and virtual worlds.

Thanks for this. 




 Chronenberg-esque! 




 Apruebo esto. 




 "If this thing had happened, then this other thing would have happened."
"What other thing?".
"I don't know".

Anyway, I admit my comments are useless. The world is not gonna change thanks to them. And I know I'm not gonna convince you that you made a thread that makes no sense. 




 Then you made a useless thread. 




 A happening like what? 




 Yeah, thanks to smart phones and access to google translate. 




 Could you invite your friend to come to Reddit and elaborate on this? It's quite interesting. 




 French sounds great but I like even more the sound of portuguese. 




 For a european citizen like me, this is a very interesting aproach to the life of an american teenager in the 00's. 




 I normally don't use them. I know where to get the album in mp3 for free, like Soulseek, torrents or Mega. What's more, if I have the record it's probably because I already listened to it on mp3 and liked so much I decided to buy it. 




 I don't know. When you sneeze you expel saliva, and saliva uses to smell bad, because of lots of bacteria. At least, my saliva smells bad. 




 No. Journalists and professional photographers will continue using real cameras. 




 [Is a video good too?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UA4sifQ3ymk) 




 I'm following "Louie" but this 5th season had only 8 episodes and the last one was recently released.

I can recommend you some of my favorite shows: The Wire, The Sopranos, Rick and Morty, South Park, Twin Peaks, Lost, Friends, Adventure Time... 




 You weat matter? 




 Because art. 




 Well, he definitely looks like a frog. 




 So, let me see if I got this right... They were black? 




 This comic is quite old and have been posted here several times before. And I don't care.

Also recomending "Fuan no tane/seeds of anxiety". Most fucking terrifiying manga I've ever read. I read it alone at home at night and really felt uneasy. 




 That's a true ancient 4chan meme. I hadn't seen in for years. 




 Oh, my sweet summer child... 




 He will love to talk with you about ancient memes. 




 I agree. Thank you for the debate. It's been exciting. I even learned a pair of things about my own history. 




 Of course nowadays there are a lot of people against muslims in Spain, not only because of terrorism, but because millions of moroccan people started migrating here, and, you know, people are always afraid of immigrants, specially if they have a different religion and skin colour.

And yeah, while the Al Andalus era there was a real war between christians and muslims, the reconquest, and our hate for muslims comes from that long. 

But I can assure you we don't hide or reject our muslim past. Is taught in the school. I am from Murcia, which was a muslim territory and we still have a strong legacy from them. We have moorish monuments, historical personalities like [Ibn Arabi](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ibn_Arabi), streets designed by moorish and archeological remains. We even have a festivity called "Moros y Cristianos" (moors and christians) were people dress like medieval muslims and christians knights and courtiers, they make parades an emulate fights and battles. But I must admit I'm not proud of this festivity. It looks like a cheap cultural parody with those cheap ridiculous disguises.

Being that said, I'm not gonna lie to you: a lot of people now in Spain are racists and islamophobics who think that muslims are terrorists that should go back to Morocco.

But Al Andalus, yeah, that is cool for us. 




 I'll see if the number comes to me in my dreams tonight. If it doesn't, I'll try to elaborate some kind of occultist and symbolic ritual, probably summoning the spirit of Alan Turing and using a random numbers generator or something like that. 




 I'll post this here since I think it can be of general interest.

There is a debate going with the OP questioning if the term "pre-spanish" is appropiate. He affirms spanish era started after Al Andalus (moorish occupation in the south of the Iberian Peninsula for 8 centuries). Some of us affirm Spain was Spain before Al Andalus, being called Hispania even before the year 27 b.C. and that there were Spanish people living in the peninsula, people from different civilizations and origins, like romans and visigoths.

So, I asked a friend of mine. He is not a historian but has a degree in classic languages as latin and greek, so he knows one or two things about Spanish history. Here are some interesting points he gave me:

1. As OP affirms, modern Spain was in a great degree stablished after Al Andalus, after the "reconquest" when the Catholic Kings expeled the muslims from the peninsula. The feudal system, the main regions, the catholic religion were stablished then. So, Spain doesn't equal Hispania.

2. It's not so simple. You can't say Spain started being Spain after Al Andalus. Before Al Andalus there were the visigoths, and before them the hispanoromans living there. So Spain would be an equation consisting in: Hispanoromans + Visigoths + Moors / Reconquest.

3. There are books wrote by experts still debating about when did Spain started being Spain, so it's an open debate.

4. There is the idiomatic question. We didn't started talking arabic after Al Andalus, but kept using the same language we used before they came. Spanish comes from latin, not from arabic. It's a corruption of latin, so to say. So, linguistically, we have a "hispanic" identity, although we adopted a lot of words from arabic, like "almohada", "algibe" (just to put two examples) and the name for a lot of rivers like "Guadalquivir".

5. Indeed, you can't deny the Al Andalus era. Nobody is trying to do that. But you can't say Spain as a concept or territory didn't exist before them. It's more complex than that. 
























