





























 With a scant six months left until the next Dragon*Con, I have begun working on my costume for this year. My question is this: who else will be cosplaying and what will you be going as? I'm working on a rather convincing Battlestar Galactica uniform, myself. Yes, of course I mean the reimagined series. 












































 I have no idea about this one, guys. I built a playlist on a USB drive (all files are MP3s and have worked on my 360 before) and when I plugged it in today to play New Vegas without having to deal with Johnny Guitar, the music player refused to recognize any of my music files, giving me this error code. I've tried everything the prompt suggests and I've got nothing. Any advice? 



















 I need to know the best Android phone on AT T in a relatively short amount of time, as I just found out I'm getting a new phone and time is of the essence. Help! 


































 Just an idea. It seems that all the colleges in Hall County are closed for the snowpocalypse in Hothlanta, and the highways are likely to be too icy for rural /r/Atlanta subscribers to make it to anything that would go on down there. Are there any Gainesville, Oakwood, or Flowery Branch redditors who would like to have a meetup?  














 [December 2010: Secret Santa picture](http://i.imgur.com/mfdff.png?1291)

[Somewhat recently, can't remember to save my life. It's my Skype ID.](http://i.imgur.com/b6T0e.png)

Yes, I am aware that I like fedoras. Remember, pull no punches. What do I need to fix? 




 Well, rally it's just one problem. My giftee has confirmed receipt of their gift, and I've confirmed receipt of mine. I still haven't gotten my award, though. Is there a date at which they're sent out or something?

Sorry if this is a noobish question. 




 Dear Reddit,

This was a difficult year for me. I had a surgery and spent months in recovery. However, through it all I had Reddit - a fun site suggested to be by one of my best friends a few months prior. This year would have been a nightmare without the fantastic community and amusing links that this site has to offer. 

As we head into 2011, I can only hope that every Redditor has a wonderful year and the best of fortune and health. So thanks again, Reddit. You're the top!

-train_subject1458 
























 There was a video submitted here not too long ago and I seem to have lost it, g-ents. It involved an old man - referred to henceforth as Weed Veteran - informing the public about the joys of cannabis. Now the time has come to share Weed Veteran with my friends but, as mentioned earlier, I can't find it! Can anybody help me? 














 There is more awesome in a box than I've ever received in my life. Gifts include...

[BAGELS](http://i.imgur.com/hLnYZ.png?2439)

[Cthulhu plush](http://i.imgur.com/mfdff.png?3397)

[The Legendary Lost Bathroom Reader](http://i.imgur.com/eqcBK.png?9955) (I had several of these books as a kid and loved them. What a coincidence!)

[An impossible crossword revealing the identity of my Santa and
a thank you note detailing how I got him to buy Super Meat Boy](http://i.imgur.com/DcQ1B.png?4054)

USB Drive of awesome (with impossibly great music and stencils and such onnit.)

LED light thingy.

Last, and perhaps greatest of all - [A WHOLE WEEKEND OF DRAGONCON, THE GREATEST CONVENTION EVER.](http://i.imgur.com/FSgoV.png?1072)

All this within an intricately designed box that has been eagerly awaited after my first Reddit secret santa experience. (Easily the most fun I've had with a secret santa!)

Thanks again, Santa! I'll solve your puzzle eventually!

EDIT: I did not realize that this music on the USB was original! Upon finding the README note, however, I have decided to point this out. Great stuff, SS!

EDIT2: Identity uncovered! All thanks go to [Mrpaulmanton!](http://www.reddit.com/user/Mrpaulmanton/) 






























































































 I think it would be great to have a meetup of Redditors in Georgia, especially given that we're such a red state that it can sometimes be difficult to find like-minded people.  


































 That's the question folks. If, per chance, you believe homeopathy DOES work, I'd love to hear how.

For disclosure's sake, I do not believe in it. 




 It was yet another great con, huh? I do hope more redditors find this subreddit and next year we can plan something awesome. 









 Greetings Reddit. It's story time. 

A few months ago, I had a fairly complicated surgery that required an extensive recovery. I persevered, however; by maintaining that I would be able to go to Dragoncon, my absolute most favourite convention ever, and room with a woman whom I absolutely adore and hang out with some great friends. I pinned all of my hopes during recovery on enjoying four days in the heart of Atlanta in a state of constant nerdgasm. This was not to be.

Tonight, at the close of the first day of the convention, I have gotten ill and must return home. I feel absolutely horrible and I needed to vent. Thanks for reading, Reddit. I don't give a shit how you vote, I just want to know if anyone else has dealt with shit like this lately. I know it isn't the biggest thing in the world to lose sleep over, but this is literally the sole thing that kept me even mildy sane over the past few months. 



















 Who's going, what are you going as, and where should the redditors meet? For what it's worth, I'll be the Soviet amputee roaming around the con. Shouldn't be too common a costume. I don't think.

EDIT: Since no one has proposed a Reddit meeting place, may I propose the lobby of the Hyatt Regency on Saturday at some point to be agreed upon?

EDIT 2: As Ketchupgoddess pointed out, "There is already a Reddit/Fark meetup scheduled for the main lobby of the Hilton on Saturday at 1 pm." Be there or else! 









 As the title says, I enjoy Russian music of the Soviet period. While I do not identify as a Communist, I think their aesthetics and music were impressive and, while shallow and transparent; are certainly more pleasing than the rubbish on the radio these days. Ask me anything! 





























 I've been having an issue with my WASR 10. I got it yesterday as a get well present from my father, and I have yet to shoot it. It's brand new, sealed in box. My problem is that the military issue double stack magazine it comes with is a tight fit into the receiver. 

If it helps, this is a GP, no ban WASR-10, so it's not like I have to use single stack mags or anything. I can tell, based on the 'arrow in triangle' stamp on the receiver, that this rifle is made from former military parts. It also came with the Tapco G2 trigger group installed.

Other than this mag problem (which doesn't completely prevent me from inserting the mag, it just makes it an annoyance) I love the thing and can't wait to get well enough to shoot it. 



























































 So, I decided to be the pro-gun guy in a thread in the general reddit. This is, of course, a terrible idea, but I felt it was warranted. Now, people are downvoting me without even bothering to engage me in a serious debate about firearms. Could someone comment and at least make it appear as if I'm not some lone gun freak?

[Here is the comment.](http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/caste/shooting_spree_in_uk_leaves_12_dead/c0ra6vr)

EDIT: Thanks to everyone who has upvoted, but a serious debate on the effectiveness of British gun laws has yet to arise. The karma was not my issue. My problem with the post lay in the lack of discussion.  














 Does anyone here know the lyrics to Adrian Rollini's song "Sweet Madness?" It was recorded, I think, some time in the 1920's-1930's and the song is firmly stuck in my head. I know it to be completely distinct from the Ari Koivunen and Joyce Collins songs, if that helps at all. 



















 Age: 20

Sex: Male

Location : Due to ongoing arguments with the alleged "Church" of Scientology, I will go no further than stating Georgia.

Occupation : Student

Hobbies/Interests : Science, science fiction, the Internet, old jazz, literature, anime, firearms, and gaming.

What websites do you find most useful : Well, Reddit of course. I also frequent wikipedia and (until my friends leave it) Facebook.

Favourite music/movies: I'm really into the Ink Spots right now, and my favourite film of all time might be Hitchcock's Notorious. I also enjoy early George Lucas and, more modern, I liked The Invention of Lying.

Nature of your disability: Spina Bifida of the L2 vertibrae. Right leg amputation. Solitary kidney. Fortuitously, I lived far in excess of the doctors' original estimations and didn't have to have any form of potentially brain damaging fluid shunts which are so common with my condition.

Were you born disabled: Yes.

Has disability had an impact on your spiritual life, if you have one: I am an atheist. I don't think it has anything to do with my disability, I just don't find the Judeo-Christian concept of an omnipotent, omniscient *AND* loving god to be at all logical.

Are you easily offended by disability jokes : Offended? Ha! I make them all the time!

How active are you in the disabled community: This is my first real activity in the community.

How do you deal with getting more attention than the rest of your family: I just do. I mean, no one is bothered about it, even when I ask. Either they're great liars or they don't care. If they don't care, why should I?

Do you ever have dreams where you aren't disabled at all: Not really. I think it's because I've always been disabled.

Have you ever damaged someone who was trying to help you: Yes, but I'd rather remain private on that one if suits everyone just fine.

Tell us about the time you most shameless exploited your disability to get something: Every year, I go to dragoncon - a regional sci-fi convention. Now, the able bodied amongst us have to wait for hours on line to get their tickets. Me? I take my friends straight through admissions with my mighty feeb powers!

How do you cope with well-meaning idiots: Grin and bare it. After all, they're trying, aren't they? That's better than apathy or outright hatred.

What is your most-developed talent: My writing. I used to play trumpet, but I've fallen out of practice.

What would you like the people around you to do differently: Nothing, really. I mean, nobody really treats me like I'm disabled, so I don't care. Sure, strangers try to be polite and hold doors for me, but I think it could be much worse.

Best piece of advice you can pass on: Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things.

I hope that my filling this out will encourage any lurkers to tell their stories. We, the mods, have set up this questionnaire for the benefit of this subreddit and its users, and we hope that you all enjoy it. 




 I was born with Spina-Bifida, fairly minor, though I am confined to a chair. I also have severe scoliosis which resulted in one of my kidneys failing to form. Further complications meant that I later lost my leg (not that it was really an issue, as the leg refused to respond to any nerve stimuli) when I was 5.

Anyway, I was quite fortunate in that I didn't have to have a shunt performed and I never required too much care or assistance. I am also fortunate in that I am self sufficient and that having no use in my legs has given me pretty good upper body strength. Anyway, that's the extent of my disability - for all of its pros and cons. Has anyone got anything similar? 




 Based on an idea in an AMA, I've created a subreddit for disabled redditors to talk about themselves. I call it Oddly Normal, and I hope it serves the community well.

http://www.reddit.com/r/oddlynormal/ 




 Based on an idea in an AMA, I've created a subreddit for disabled redditors to talk about themselves. I call it Oddly Normal, and I hope it serves the community well.


http://www.reddit.com/r/oddlynormal/ 




 Is anyone here good with graphic design? I've got photoshop, but I'm not too good with it. 




 I need some more things to do in the greatest game ever made. I am also looking for exceptionally high quality addons. 












































 So, I have the McAfee virus package and I think that it's responsible for my browsers not working. Steam and Skype seem to work just fine, but Chrome and Firefox will only function intermittently. What do I do about this? 



















 Go ahead, ask away! 










































































 I, for one, would love this feature. A redditor could block users who spam post a lot and could also do away with users whose posts they find bland and uninteresting.  




 I am 19, live in the Deep South, am a sworn enemy of Scientology and have only one leg... and it doesn't work! I'm generally pretty upbeat about life, am getting my degree and am now here to answer the insatiable curiosity of Reddit.

EDIT: Thanks for all of the questions! I'm really glad I did this. 







































 I'm at wit's end, reddit. I really like her, I'm not sure, as I've never cared for anyone so deeply, but I think I even love her. She said she wanted someone more serious, willing for marriage and to have a child. I would have done this for her, but alas, I could not keep the relationship. Is there any way to fix this? Or have I lost this forever? I need help, here. 




 I think a little bit of background may be necessary. In fact, I know it is necessary, as only like one guy on here knows me IRL. 

So, I am 19 and due to the positively shite economy, I live with my parents. My parents always get to the mail due to the fact that I am in a wheelchair. Normally, a harmless (if suffocating) arrangement. 
Now, the last time my parents found out I had a girlfriend, they were extraordinarily happy. Not the sort of happy that's fun, either. The sort where they throw fits and constantly interrogate you as to the location of the apple of your eye, the object of your desires, she who hung the moon for you. To go through this again, dear Reddit, is an unacceptable proposition.

I had gone to dragoncon with the last girl I dated, and we both decided to keep it professional. We're friends, we decided, nothing more. Soon after, a good friend from high school decided to ask me out. She is extremely pretty and has always been extremely kind to me. I would be most foolish to decline. The issue is, however, her mother is the extremely controlling sort who speaks little English and insists that her daughter not date, so I rarely get to see her. 

NOW, the point. For Christmas, she decided to mail me my present. For all I know, it could be something extraordinarily embarrassing that could only be from a girlfriend. If my parents discover this, I would have to have yet another relationship out in the open. It's not like I'm ashamed or anything, all my friends know. 

Anyway, I beseech thee, Reddit. What should I do!?

EDIT: I am abundantly aware of my affinity for the comma and my propensity towards run-on sentences. I also have pictures of both of us, should you need them.

ANOTHER EDIT: Wow, you guys are great. I was expecting this to languish for days without any reply. Imagine my surprise to find so much advice so quickly!

STILL ANOTHER EDIT: Pics were requested.

ME: http://imgur.com/gDhBX Sorry, but it's a couple of months old and my most recent. My camera's been a bit shit lately. I'm the one in the pic who isn't Malcolm McDowell.


RESULT: Due to the wise council of my fellow redditors, I have decided to man up and just put it on the table. I shall tell them and get it over with whilst informing them that they have a tendency to be rather annoying in their querying. I thank you all very much for your input.
 



















 I mean, really. This is ridiculous. I come to reddit to read about things that matter. Tangible, real things. Not some rich athlete smashing his expensive SUV. That doesn't affect me or the real world. It is not legitimate news. It is a product of our celebrity obsessed culture and a symptom of society's degradation. I expect this to get downvoted. Let it come.

EDIT: Obvious exception to this post. Although, ideally I'd like to not even have to make it. 




 Can we just cringe at the fact that it was made into a movie, shut up about it, and move on with our lives? Bram Stoker's rolling in his grave as it is, guys. This is simply ludicrous. That is all. 




 Original post: http://www.reddit.com/r/scientology/comments/9p8eo/scientology_may_be_opening_in_my_county_how_can_i/

The happy news is that the building permit was denied. Fliers were handed out in my community detailing the crimes of the cult, letters were written to the county council members, and members of the appropriate city councils. I had other (legal) tactics for each step of the construction should it have come to that, but thankfully they were stopped. I and my friends in the area remain vigilant, but for now my county is free of the cult's taint and we can all breathe a little easier around here. 

I would like to thank my fellow redditors as well as the whyweprotest and Chanology forums for all of their help. We have won this battle, and the war shall be ours! 




 This is just a poll I made, nothing more, nothing less. I'm trying to solve the ages old debate... 




 I just don't get it. Our government has been running out of control for years, regardless of who's in charge. Congress is beholden to the issues of companies, not the needs of the citizenry. No matter which party we have, it gets worse each year. 

Meanwhile, our culture is degrading at an alarming rate. Music is nowhere near as classy as it once was, movies are becoming unwatchable by and large, and modern literature is often better used as firewood. No longer are virtues such as loyalty and love extolled by the media, no no. Now It's all about who can fuck more or make more money, and having an intellect makes you almost a target for ridicule. Furthermore, the gullibility of society is increasing, fundamental religions are gaining headway, even cults such as scientology are reporting increased membership.

Tell me, what hope is there for the species? Would I feel so depressed about this if I lived in Europe or something? Help!

Sorry if I rambled, I just wanted to get this off my chest. Thanks for your patience, if you made it through this. 




 The Cult, I have heard, is considering opening a branch near where I live. (I cannot say exactly where, I want to avoid Fair Game after all.) I want a legal way to oppose them. I've considered writing members of the local government and detailing Fair Game, Snow White, Freakout, et al. and this seems to be my only real option.

 I've also heard that Scilons shut down personality tests if you flash a Guy Fawkes Mask (USEFUL!) and thankfully, masked protest is legal here. I feel as if I'm up against a corner here. I love my hometown, I don't want it to suffer under Scientology. I need all the help I can get in this matter. I don't care what people believe, but Scientology is, as an organisation, pure unadulterated evil. HELP, REDDIT!


EDIT: Thank you, everyone, for your advice. This is all very helpful. Keep it coming, friends! If I am successful in this, I hope to organise. Perhaps I can make a page, telling people how to keep the cult from integrating into their hometowns. It is my hope that eventually, through efforts similar to mine, we can stop the spread of this cult. It's a lofty goal, but hey, it can't hurt to try right? Unless I get SP'd.

EDIT: Co$ was denied a building permit. This is a joyous time! 




 It's just... the whole site seems to have a rather anti-US military stance. Has anyone ever considered what would happen if we hadn't bailed out the world in WWII? Or if we hadn't collapsed the Soviets? Or if we weren't cleaning up the terrorist filth? It's ugly work, and the methods are somewhat cruel, but the ends justify the means. Always.

As I await the inevitable shitstorm that is to follow my comparatively radical world view, I ask you to consider a world where the Nazis won WWII, where the Soviet Union never collapsed or perhaps a world where Islamic Fascism reigns supreme and everyone is subject to Shari'a law. Imagine a world without the US military and it's means and methods... It's not pleasant. You need us, world. More than you could possibly know.

Thank you for your time.  
























 I'm not sure if this is the place for this, but about a month or so ago, my brother's girlfriend broke up with him. Ever since, he's taken it incredibly hard. He's utterly inconsolable and it seems no one can really get through to him. 

I've tried chatting with him about it, having had my share of lady troubles in the past, but it's no good. He had once confided in me while they were still together that he saw them as being quite serious. I played it off as him being a high-schooler and thus given to such fancies, but it's obvious that he cared deeply for her. 

I don't want him to continue being so depressed, Reddit, as he's exceptionally bright, his terrific grades have begun to falter somewhat, and he's got a full ride scholarship that I fear he may be jeopardizing. 

Help me get my brother through this, guys. 




 A few months ago, it was not uncommon to be able to find Makarovs at J G, Cheaper Than Dirt and others for sale at a fair price but now I can't seem to find them. What happened, gunnit? 












































 For me, it has to be 922r. What practical purpose could it serve to limit the amount of foreign parts you have on an arbitrarily defined "assault weapon?" I think the rationale is to prevent the importation of military style weapons, but there are a plethora of US made parts that render this purpose moot. It's absolutely retarded. 

Does anyone else agree or can you come up with a worse law? 





























 I don't even have much idea as to where to start with this, but I suppose I can just ask my questions here and hope for answers.

1. Are there any other Communists in this general region?

     a. Are there any Communist organizations in Georgia?
   
     b. Are there any [/r/Communism](/r/Communism) readers in the state? 


2. What is the best way to spread Communist ideas in such a traditionally anti-Communist region?

3. What is the best way for one in such a politically isolated area to contribute to the cause of the Proletariat? 

4. Finally, is there any suggested reading for someone in this dicey political climate? 

Thank you for your time and consideration, comrades. 
























 An e-gift card to Papa Johns can go a long way and I now have food for the rest of the month thanks to my generous benefactor. 

Thanks to a current deal, [I got three medium pizzas and a 2-liter of Dr Pepper.](http://i.imgur.com/UyoVO.jpg) I fully intend to pay this forward once I get my pay on the 1st of next month. So from the bottom of my heart, thanks Fapocalypse_Now.


Doo doo butter. 



































































































 I consider myself a liberal and I have for quite some time. The Left's advocacy for egalitarian treatment for all, social services and better living conditions while advancing human rights is just common sense, to me, and the Left seems to be the only end of the spectrum concerning itself with these noble goals.

However, I have noticed that the one right that progressives by and large tend to ignore is firearm rights. So, my question, being a left winger who is also a firearms enthusiast, is this: why are so many progressives anti-gun? Aren't firearms the last line of defense people have against their government? 







































 I'm looking for a job for my fiancee. We're willing to move absolutely anywhere and could really use the job. She has a four year degree from UC Berkeley in Molecular and Cellular Biology and can happily furnish details on demand.  



















 Hi, /r/Atlantans! I'm engaged but in a long distance relationship and next month, my lovely fiancee is coming to Atlanta. I myself try to get to Atlanta every chance I get, but I am not in town often enough to know any of the good restaurants to which I could treat her and I don't know which ones would be accessible for my wheelchair. Further, we are somewhat strapped for cash as college is very expensive and most of our spare funds are spent on airfare whenever we can get it.

Therefore, I would like /r/Atlanta's advice. What would be an accessible and reasonably priced, yet delicious and memorable dining experience to which I could treat my beloved? 

BONUS: You might remember us if you went to the Dragoncon meetup. We were [these](http://i.imgur.com/YynFY.jpg) people. 









 I'm in a wheelchair and there don't appear to be many couples' cosplays involving wheelchairs. Does anyone have any suggestions?  
































































 Basically, I'm asking for volunteers. I have successfully mapped from the end of the blue line to my village Leningrad and would like volunteers to help me make it a bona-fide road. Any takers? 




 In the process of ghetto rigging it, I totally felt like the Doctor; especially once it pinged back on. I think I may be watching too much. 









 With the recent transgressions against the peaceful protests, the brutality of the corporate police and the unwillingness of OWS moderators to allow discussion of anything but the most bleeding hearted pacifism, I think a new platform is needed to discuss - purely hypothetically and without any limitation - how we should proceed if the peaceful protesters continue to be ground into the dirt by police. 

Sure, it's just Atlanta and Oakland now, but what next? Do you really think Bloomberg will let the protesters stay on Wall Street for long? I do not advocate violence, but surely we've enough freedom left in this country to spread the word that we don't have to be docile little bitches for our corporate lords, right? 



















 My fiancee and I just watched [The Fantastic Four](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=omKd_bUQlXo) - the 1994 unreleased film - and it was the most hilarious thing we've seen in quite some time. Do you guys have any truly awful films, and does anyone else like to do this? 

















































 I don't even know if this is the right place to ask this, but I was wondering if anybody in the area would like to buy my old Soviet Army uniform. 

It's in perfectly good shape, but I've got bills to pay and I bought it at a point where, well... I didn't have bills to pay. It's of 1980s vintage and hasn't been worn since the Communications Bureau in Ukraine divested itself of it.

Pics below

[Front](http://i.imgur.com/QUr12.jpg)

[Sleeve](http://i.imgur.com/Zcumv.jpg)

[Liner info](http://i.imgur.com/ouXFT.jpg)

It includes the jacket and pants. The jacket is sized 51 centimeters at the chest and the pants have no sizing information, but should fit anyone who can fit into the jacket. I am selling it for $125, but the price is negotiable. Let me know if you're interested!
 












































 So, I'm disabled: a through the knee amputation that requires me to use a wheelchair. Here's the kicker, though: I love urban exploration and have always wanted to give it a try. However, abandoned buildings tend not to have working elevators and since they're generally very old, they almost always lack ramps where they're needed. So my question is this: can anyone think of a way to go urban exploring while in a wheelchair? 

Miscellaneous, helpful information: I am fairly mobile outside of my chair, though it's restricted to crawling and that's not wise in crumbling ruins, and my chair is manual so I don't have to charge it or anything. 

I know this is an unusual question and I'm honestly not expecting a miracle here, but if anyone has any information at all, I'd consider it a boon. Thanks for reading! 









 I've not really posted here much, but my fiance has; so bear with me if you don't mind. 

As you are all, I'm sure, acutely aware; the night is the absolute worst time of day to be missing your lover. It isn't so bad during the day, because I can text or call her and she texts and calls me. At night, though, as I try to sleep, I feel her absence very keenly - as though a part of me were missing. After noticing we were both on Google+, I texted her and we chatted for a while on Skype and she missed me as horribly as I missed her. This is a common course of events.

I want to know, /r/LongDistance, if you have any tips to alleviate our longing for each other. Is there anything we can do or - perhaps - send each other to make our beds feel less empty at night?  









 I don't know if this is related to Minecraft.net or a problem on my machine, but this morning, the launcher wouldn't let me login. I shrugged it off and waited a few hours until noon. I tried again and the same thing happened. It is now 18:29 and I have tried for a third time, to no avail. I've already updated Java so I don't see what else the issue could be. Any tips?

**EDIT: PROBLEM RESOLVED** Downloading the new launcher has fixed everything.  





























 We were the obnoxious making out couple at the meetup. I was dressed as Adama and in a wheelchair while she was the sexy lady in my lap. 

Our camera was awful and we only got a few pictures, but I kinda wish we had more pics of the convention, so if anyone wants to help me find pictures of ourselves, I would appreciate it. She didn't cosplay, but I did on Friday and Saturday as an East German soldier and Commander Adama respectively. If you can help, I'll thank you forever! 




 Just an idea I had thought of for this subreddit. Feel free to shoot it down, but I'm in Con Drop mode so hear me out. 

What if we had flair for this subreddit and it was what we want to cosplay next year? Reactions: go!  









 Anyone want another meetup tomorrow? My fiance and I had fun.

EDIT: FUCK IT, I MADE ONE.

6PM SUNDAY
Marriott, 10th floor lounge. Be there or you hate reddit and might end up getting robbed by Andy Warhol's ghost.

Trufax. 














 Now I can't get back to sleep. :( 



















 I'm getting into town on Thursday and I was wondering if anyone else had anything planned for Thursday evening. A lot of my friends won't get in til Friday, so I was thinking it might be a good idea to see what my fellow Reddit congoers are doing. 




 I have noticed, when looking at pictures of countries outside of North America and Western Europe that there seems to be no care given to public access for disabled people. I am very curious as to why this is the case, as at some point in the future I would love to travel. 

I know this is a very broad and general question, but it seems like if the United States - as backwards as we are in accommodating those outside the mainstream - can make laws mandating access for handicapped persons, other countries might do the same. I would love to hear what anyone might have to say on the matter. 
























 There was a picture that was presented twice, the first time being pirates storming a ship with something to the effect of "We're here for yer booty." And the words: How most people view piracy.

The image was again repeated, the second time saying something like "How it really is" with the pirate captain stating "We be here to make copies of all yer cargo." Of note was a toothless pirate scab saying something to the effect of "Where be the amputee porn?" Or something. Anyone got this?

SOLVED BY THE RENWALLZ. THANKS, THE RENWALLZ. 
















































































































































 I was there last Friday celebrating my birthday and I have got to know... How on Earth did it take me this long to go there? That was so awesome. Are there any other Lips fans on /r/reddit? 

















































 The wildlife can be imported directly from Australia. 














 The survivors can design the memorial. 




 We all know the cinematic tropes in cinema for the various accents of the world as expressed by Hollywood films. However, as somebody who hasn't experienced as much foreign cinema as he'd like, I'd love to pose a question to you, non-Americans of Reddit. How are the various accents of the United States (Southeastern, Boston, Californian, et al) portrayed in the culture of your country?  









 Also, ants can carry them off in the night. 





























 I've long been of the belief that cat declawing is an awful thing to do to the animals. The bulk of evidence I've seen seems to agree with this point of view, and it's been gaining a lot of supporters as of late.

HOWEVER: it would seem as though the American Veterinary Medical Association and several other reputable veterinary groups disagree with this assertion. While I tend to agree with scientific and medical establishments, there's no doubt that there's money to be made on declawing, so it seems as though they've got something at stake here. Add to that that the American anti-declawing movement originated in hippy-esque circles which aren't really known for their adherence to science, and I have doubts. 

I was wondering where the skeptic community falls on this issue and if there were any resources out there that might make a case for declawing not being harmful. 









 Vote You in 207^4^4^4^4^4^4^4^4^4^4^4^4^4. 



















 Okay, so this is a long shot, but there was an incredibly catchy music video played at the beginning of the Dub Your Own Hentai track with surprisingly high production values and showing surprisingly little in the way of nudity. Does anyone happen to have it? 




 So they've been handing out those buttons for free Momocon passes if you should happen to find your match. Why not have a Reddit thread to try to find our opposites?

I'll start. Mine is 624 
























 As a disabled man, getting around the con is somewhat difficult. I feel that having a room in a host hotel would alleviate this to a degree, but no matter how early I check, they seem to be booked up. What's the most reliable way of getting a room at one of the big five? 









 This is going to be big, people. 







































 Until the 80s, the US had been a leading participant in the World's Fairs, and many of those held on US soil have become regional and national cultural touchstones. Why has the US seemingly dropped all involvement in World's Fairs? 




 They're both about evil shadowy groups of supernatural baddies conspiring to take over humanity and they both have persistent screen captions as an integral, tangible part of the universe. Fringe is simply Kill la Kill's Boston.

Karma, plz. 














 It doesn't make sense to me. The best I can figure is that COMPNOR needed an enemy for the widespread human majority to hate and aliens were a convenient target.  









 It may be due to the rose colored fog of nostalgia pervading the game, but for me, Metal Gear Solid's music just felt so much more atmospheric and evocative than the music in Metal Gear Solid 2 and its' successors. It could just be due to how much I fell in love with the game, but MGS1's duel music and cutscene music just stuck with me so much more. Am I alone in this assessment? I get that it's all completely down to taste and there are no wrong answers, but I'm dying to know how everyone else feels about this. 









 In the BioShock series, the city of Rapture is shown to be an astounding testament to mankind's technical expertise and the tenacity of the "utopian" vision of Andrew Ryan.

In the viral game Something in the Sea, we are shown that the initial construction of Rapture (with stage I being completed in late 1946) is financed by shell companies such as Warden Yarn who buy large quantities of materiel from Scarlet Sovereign with these contracts then being reneged upon receipt of the raw materials. 

This presents a problem, however. With Ryan disappeared to Rapture and his shell companies on the surface surely made pariahs by his lack of payment on large contracts, he was surely cut off from receiving raw materials from sources on the surface. However, we're told that Rapture continued to expand until 1951. This surely would have required a vast amount of material well in excess of the sums we're shown in the Scarlet Sovereign receipts. Further, any civic planner worth a damn would have a setup for procuring additional materials for repairs and expansion to keep pace with population growth.

Now, as we're not shown any sort of method by which Rapture can quarry stone or mine ores and the trees in Arcadia are surely insufficient for providing lumber in addition to oxygenating the city, I've got to wonder: where did the additional raw materials for Raptures maintenance and expansion come from?  




 Everyone stopped moving and it's just really annoying and inconvenient.  









 I know that Cerberus owns many front organizations and cover businesses and was originally a branch of Alliance intelligence, but how do they possibly have the dosh to acquire and cultivate all of their scientific and military talent? How do they finance their fleets of warships and dropships and improbable androids with complex smart AI? 

Inquiring minds demand answers! 









 I'm going to momocon for the first time on Saturday, and I'm curious as to whether or not they have a disability services booth or something similar as Dragoncon has. As a guy in a wheelchair, the disability services badges have always been a huge help in letting me enjoy panels, and I'm hoping momocon has something similar. However, I couldn't find it on their website. 




 Additionally, how is Lenin viewed in Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, the Ukraine, the Baltic states and other former Soviet republics? 














 4484-9758-4226, if'n you're interested.  









 Wat do? 




 My girlfriend and I are looking for rooms as we were bumped from our previously arranged accommodations. We'd prefer something close and for some privacy, both because I'm in a wheelchair. What are our chances of finding something this late? 




 I have a tremendous fondness for 9x18mm and the general idea of compact-ish combloc pistols really holds a dear place in my heart and in my hands. However, no gun store or pawn shop seems to have them and I prefer to avoid dealing with online purchases - even though they seem to lack these pistols as well. 

And so, I turn to /r/gunsforsale. I would like to offer some delicious leafy green cashy money to anybody in the Gainesville, GA area who might be willing to sell me one of these weapons. I am highly negotiable on prices, and I can start at $120 for a PA-63. More for a Makarov PM or CZ-82. I also have a genuine Soviet Tokarev without importer stamps that I could be persuaded to trade, if you prefer. 

Shoot me a reply if you're interested! 









 I am currently unemployed and in the Atlanta area - just north of the city, OTP, and I'm looking for work. On the writing front, I've written gaming reviews and articles for massvio.com and gamegeex.com, as well as reams of unpublished poetry and short form fiction. I'll write just about anything, really, though articles are my forte.

As for voice acting, I'm just breaking into it though I have - as a matter of curiosity - received some informal coaching and advice on the matter from Mike Dowling, audio lead at Obsidian Entertainment. 

Really, I'm willing to do anything else that pays as long as it isn't too physical, as I'm a paraplegic amputee. However I am much more capable than most people would think. Don't be shy, drop me a PM!

I'd put my resume here, but I haven't got any prior work history beyond my writing and I tend to keep my portfolio closed to all but serious enquirers. I assure you, however, that I am highly qualified for a wide variety of tasks. Should you chose to grant me some form of interview, I promise you'll come away from the experience quite impressed. Of this, you can rest assured. 









 Effective immediately, we're initiating new subreddit rules. To verify your age, we'll need a credit-card number, expiration date, and security code. Simply post it below. Don't worry, as our custom code will automatically block out the numbers. It's easy! Watch me post mine!

****************
**/**
***

And there we go! I'm now confirmed as being over 18 and suitably unsispicious to trust here. Lucky me! 














 Do we do trading in this subreddit? I have a ton of Soviet Cold War militaria in storage (that I intend to get pictures of as soon as I can get to it) that I'd love to let circulate. I've held on to them for quite some time and I have quite a few duplicates.

Two sets of Soviet uniform pants and jacket - one enlisted, one officer's.

A Soviet pilotka cap.

A Soviet militsiya visor cap.

Several medals and miscellaneous objects that I need to inventory.

An East German helmet, field jacket, and AK magazine pouch.

And more! If you're curious, ask me as to what all I have and what I'm willing to trade. 














 I like to take a light touch with management in regards to this place, but people have been complaining about the "childhood fears" trend ruining the overall quality of the place. I will begin treating as we do copypasta and removing it while referring the posters of such submissions to relevant subreddits. Thank you all for your cooperation. If this policy is unwelcome, please voice your opinions below. I can always undo this if people want the childhood crap to stay, but I personally agree with the complaints and find them well grounded.  



















 December 26 and we can put the LD out of our R! She won't be here in time for Christmas, but I really don't care in the slightest. After a year and a half of being at opposite ends of the United States, she's finally moving here. I just wanted to share my elation with you all.

EDIT: A big thanks to everyone congratulating us. I hope our success can inspire you all to stick in there for as long as it takes. I know we weren't as far apart or as long separated as many of you, but it's still a relief that she'll be coming home at last.

EDIT 2: It got bumped up a day. I just ordered tickets... AND SHE'LL BE HERE FOR CHRISTMAS! SO MUCH HAPPY. 









 In 1863, the Union Army of the Potomac under Maj. Gen. Joseph Hooker and Maj. Gen. George G. Meade is routed at Gettysburg, dissolving in a disorganized retreat from Confederate military forces under General Robert E. Lee after a decisive Confederate cavalry raid by General JEB Stuart breaks the Union forces in the area. 

With the road to Washington wide open, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States of America, signs the Confederate drafted Instrument of Surrender which recognizes the right of the Confederate States of America to exist and protects the legal right of states to leave the Union as they so choose. Over night, Confederate governments spring up in the border states and the economic and military power of the United States slides slowly into irrelevance. After several decades of Union losses and Confederate gains in the West and in the Caribbean and Mexico, the Confederacy enters the 20th century as the dominant power in North America.

In the 1930s, the South falls on hard economic times as the world plunges into the Great Depression. The South's former slaves, freed by act of President Gustave Tutant Beauregard in 1917 in reaction to fears of reaction by anarchist radicals, are still horribly oppressed and are now denied even the meager wages of the sharecropping farms that have gone under in reaction to decreased demand from factories in Europe and the border states of the Confederacy. Uniting with prominent Southern Communists and dissatisfied veterans of the Confederate actions against Mexico in World War I, they march on Richmond and seize the capitol, executing President Thomas Hardwick and installing a vanguard party, headed by a Stalinst strongman to oversee the Confederacy. 

On 5, May 1932, The Confederate States are reorganized into The Soviet Confederacy of America; a Workers' state in direct alliance with the Soviet Union. All they need now... is a flag.

tl;dr - supposing in an alternate history, the Confederacy stuck around long enough to be overthrown by commies. What would their flag look like?


I've always loved the symbolism of Communist countries and the Confederate States of America. Had I an eye for design and a better computer, I'd puzzle out what this flag might look like myself. I don't. What I do have, though, is imagination. With this short, plothole riddled alternate history yarn, I hope that /r/vexillology can whip up a flag that would bring this improbable nation more vividly into the imagination. Thanks! 





























 In the 2005 film adaptation, I believe the original intent of the book has been altered somewhat. When we first see a tripod, a tremendous noise is heard emanating from its carapace. I believe this to be the flatulence of the alien pilots, who have left their homeworld to pass wind in order to be polite. I have evidence to back up my theory.

1. The plants: these aren't for terraforming, as one might think. The aliens just have bad hygeine and the mushrooms that grow in their bathrooms left spores that follow them to Earth.

2. The fact that everyone is screaming and running away. I don't know about you, but I'd love to hang out with a giant alien robot... unless it was farting.

My final evidence is the most important fact on which this theory hinges. At the end, all the tripods collapse and the aliens within fall out and die. To me, this clearly shows that their own fumes were so noxious that it killed them.

I'll take my internet points, now. 









 With this new subreddit, I must personally confess that I don't know as much about Leninist theory as I'd like to. While I'm researching, the fact is that in the meantime I will need dedicated mods who are well versed in the writings of Karl Marx, Friedrich Engels, and V. I. Lenin to help me in running this subreddit. 

If this describes you, or if you have CSS experience and can help us design a decent page, I'd greatly appreciate your input. Apply below for modhood, comrades, and help us move the discussion forward. 




 New subscriber here, come from a fit of nostalgia that got me back into the franchise as of late. One thing I've always found appealing about the series was the soundtrack, especially in the original Metal Gear Solid.

My question here is this, though. Why did TAPPY stop handling the soundtracks? To me, the music contributed to a sense of atmosphere that none of the subsequent games could ever recapture, even when MGS4 [revisited Shadow Moses Island](/spoiler). Was a reason ever given for this or is it left as mysterious as the exclusion of the FAMAS from subsequent games? 

Again, Harry Gregson-Williams was just fine but his music made the latter games feel somewhat disconnected from the first Metal Gear Solid. It's nothing against him, he's just not TAPPY. 
























 I'm typing this on my phone, so please bare with me.

Recently, my laptop died. It had been the only way my fiance and I had of seeing each other and now that she's gone back to college, We now have no way of going to sleep together and it's really wearing on us. 

My question to you, /r/longdistance, is what you would regard as the least expensive device that can run Skype from a bed. Tablets and netbooks are in play, but not smartphones as my contract isn't up for some time. Advice? 




 In ten short - yet oh so long - hours my SO will be here in Atlanta from Berkeley. All the excite, my fellow LDR-ers. ALL THE EXCITE. 



















 Seriously. I haven't been smoking for long. I only discovered it at 21 and it's a year later but you guys have made it the best thing I've ever gotten into. So here's a self telling you guys you rock and spreading the good cheer. Peace, ents. [4] 









 It is as it is. I can't have any nut products and most of the AVB products I've seen that don't require cooking are peanut butter sandwiches and nutella and the like. I can't have any nut products whatsoever, so I have to ask: what can I put my AVB in and enjoy it with that won't send me to the ER? 




 Hello, Reddit. I am train_subject1458. I decided to do an AMA as I am getting into voice acting and I'd love very much to have a decent demo tape to use. However, I'm not necessarily the most creative sort so I thought I'd ask my favorite internet community to help me out a bit. 

So here's how we play this game. You leave me a quote - anything within reasonable length - and I'll render it for you in my glorious voice or else in my best approximation of a voice of your choosing. 

Some details, first, though. 
I am a 22 year old man from Georgia, in the United States. I can do passable high status British, genteel Southern, modern redneck, Morgan Freeman, and so many, many other voices. If you can name it, I'll give it the old college try. 

Ready? Alright, then. Let us begin.
(http://vocaroo.com/i/s0pjgF14Zuaj) 




 I am dreadfully curious about this. Apparently, my vocal skills are - according to people I know - quite good and I have a natural knack for speaking. Further, my SO frequently tells me that I should look for work in voice acting. As a fan of video games and animation, I would be delighted to do something along these lines, but I have no idea where to start. Any advice?

EDIT: [HAVE A LINK!](http://vocaroo.com/i/s09VAwAMENWP)
It's a vocaroo demo of my voice clocking it at around eight minutes as I read the Raven by Edgar Allan Poe. I have a much greater range than this, I think, but for the time being this is the sort of character that I think I'm best at portraying. 




 wut do? 


































 For me, it's Morrowind. I can't even begin to count all the times I've reinstalled that game. I love it so very dearly.

Honorable mention: Jedi Outcast. 




 I recently acquired an RAI 1911 tactical and, while I couldn't be happier with it, the slide is not to my liking. I'd always admired the look of GI-style 1911 slides and even though the sight picture is inferior, I think I'd like to trade if anyone is willing. 

My slide has some light finish wear, so I'm willing to accept less than pristine slides. If anyone is interested, please let me know!

[Pics](http://imgur.com/a/r4O5I) 

















































 I'm 22 and I'm in a wheelchair. This Saturday, I'm flying across the country to see my fiancee who I've not seen in months. Now, I should be elated, but instead I can't help but be incredibly fucking nervous. Why?

The Transportation Security Administration, the people we Americans tolerate so willingly for the illusion of feeling safe are going to absolutely violate me. I am certain of this. Why? Well, they haven't got the best track record with people in general, but add to it that they [have](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zFi18ioqYk) [a](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2116881/TSA-subject-child-wheelchair-invasive-airport-security-tests-Chicago.html) [shitty history](https://gripevine.com/gripe/20731929/tsa-agents-abuse-disabled-travelers-pbi-west-palm-beach-airport) in dealing with disabled persons, I can't help but feel intimidated. I look at how we're willing to just accept this from my government as our economy continues to implode and I can't help but weep. I can't fight, but I can't help but feel I'd sympathize with and possibly even join up with a populist uprising if ever we had one. 

So my question to you is this. What would the government have to take from *you* to make you tell them that enough is enough? 






































































































































 It's getting pretty bad. The illiterate spam posters with their shitty, mediocre content are *killing* this subreddit. Fix it.

_________________________________________________________________________________
EDIT: I'm campaigning for modship. Go [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/redditrequest/comments/r5fnd/requesting_modship_of_rgirlsinyogapants/) and upvote to show your support. I and those on my side will fix what our current mods ignore.

____________________
EDIT 2: As [douglasg14b](http://www.reddit.com/user/douglasg14b) has pointed out, the mod request post has been deleted. I do not theorize this to be as a result of foul play, but as a result of a spam filter of some kind reacting to the piles of upvotes we've thrown at the post. I am thankful for the community's support, and if I and the others make it in, I promise that we'll give you the best subreddit possible. 

Thank you,

train_subject1458 







































 The gun show is on Saturday and I've got $250 to get a new handgun and I want your opinions. Here are my criteria:

* Steel frame
* Semi auto
* External hammer
* Manual safety
* Compact
* Affordable ammunition
* Rugged

Caliber and recoil are secondary concerns as I've got some pretty good arms on me and my shot placement is decent enough at self defense ranges so I don't need excessive stopping power. 

I should also say that I'd like something that would hide on a wheelchair fairly well. Paraplegic here, so wheelchair carry demands compactness and reliability. 

My frontrunner so far is a milsurp CZ82, but I'm open to suggestions. 









 After six months; a bad incident that cancelled one of her plane tickets and countless exams, a fuckton of heartache and thousands of hours on Skype, my fiancee has gotten her plane ticket and will be here in JUST OVER A WEEK! 

Excitements all around, ladies and gentlemen.

We shall be in the Atlanta area, if any LDR-ers are interested in hanging out. 
























 Mississippi 




 So I'm genuinely curious. What's the general consensus on these import bans? I'm not seeing anything wrong with the Crimea situation, so I've been against them from the start, but I'd love to get others' opinions. 




 Sure, I knew that, but I don't imagine they're doing any dirty work until they're 18 or so.  




 Well, looks like I've got some reading to do. I agree with you in the functioning of militaries in the modern world, as well. Sadly, armed forces are more often sink pits for surplus population and wealth that could be much better used in much better pursuits. This is not unique to the DPRK. The US does it, most European nations do it. Sure, there's military actions in these states, but it's often to the ends of amoral puppet masters and not to the ends of the national interest. Rather like the DPRK, though in a grander scale and different guise. 




 Absolutely. For example, I'm sure that whoever founded Nestle had no idea they'd become the amoral bastards they are today. I'm sure that the founders of the Republican and Democratic parties had no idea they'd allow America to become what it is today. And I am abundantly certain that the old Bolsheviks came to rue what became of their revolution. Movements can certainly lead quite far from where they're intended to go. 




 I can understand the moral side to this, but from a practical perspective, the North Korean military isn't a fighting force. It's a social institution which rarely wields martial power as it knows that any sort of war they fight is a losing proposition. Instead, it's an internal control mechanism which exists to scare people into line and run camps. I highly doubt that 16 year olds are given rifles and told to shoot people. More likely, they're learning to shoot and parade around and basically nothing more.

Further, the military is likely the best route most North Koreans have for getting regular meals. To say nothing of medical care and possible opportunities for education and social advancement within the wretched *Songbun* system that military service affords. 

So, while I abhor the DPRK regime, letting 16 year olds into the North Korean military is acceptable.  




 Movements have a way of getting away from their founders. 




 Ah, well. Have some upvote. 




 That's the joke. I worried I was too subtle. Such jokes are better said than written, I guess. 




 No, but I'm working on it. (Sfine) 




 I guess there ain't any lips touching theirs then, huh? 




 Kotaku is garbage. Please avoid giving them traffic in the future. 




 I want one... 




 MADD are fucking puritan fascists. 




 Do you smear cream cheese on simians? 




 Is there any canon info on Asari gestation? 




 An emblem of lies for a land of lies. I take it back, that's horrendously offensive. 




 Offended? By Greenland? 




 Or aliens. 




 Direct to door? That sounds amazing. 




 I didn't know that was a thing and love historical cosplays. Next year... 




 Possibly, if they were spaced right. I know that cosplaying in the dead heat of the Georgian summer has made me beg for a winter convention, though. That would be nice. I'm sure I'm not the only one who would love that. But you can't just move Dragoncon to winter. It's a summer fixture. So there's at least two cons right there. Maybe devote one to fantasy and one to scifi?  




 Twenty? Maybe ten. In twenty years, without capping or expansion to mitigate crowding, Dragoncon will have to be split into two or three different cons throughout the year. 




 Hello, fellow Gainesville-ite.  




 My serious answer would be covert assassination and massive electronic assaults on their information infrastructure. 




 So Putin's kin are responsible for something done accidentally by some rebels funded and supplied by people way down the chain of Putin's command? I mean, fuck, they should have trained their AA people better, but I don't think they set out to murder civilians. They thought they shot down a transport carrying some of those guys shelling their cities and killing their people.  




 John Candy esque whining: "Why don't you care, press? Writing that book about how much I hate you men really took a lot out of me. It kiiiiilled me!" *laugh track* 




 There's a Fallout wiki called The Vault. Great for lore stuff. 




 Ah, right. Better to live on your knees than die on your feet, eh? I never bought that notion. A life lived in submission isn't truly worth living. 









 Please speak more truths, brother. Let the slaves of the false god hear your words! 




 "I tried but it just keeps doing that whole 'pile of broken bits' thing. Think I should delete System 32?" 




 This is really good propaganda: simple, direct, difficult to refute. 




 I don't seem to remember it that way. My friends and I all thought the camps were pretty well formed and battle lines drawn at that point. I could be misremembering, but I'm quite sure of it. I will admit that it hadn't become nearly as shitstormmy by then. 




 Labor Day 2014? It was slightly after. I remember wondering if the SJ people were going to flip shit about it and discussing it with friends at the time. 




 Maybe the same race that Guilty Spark encountered in the wreck on Installation 04? 




 He showed up at Dragoncon last year without issue. He was super fun, very genial. Great guy, all around. It hurts to see people dogging him so unfairly for having an opinion. 




 John Candy as Andrea Dworkin would be the greatest movie ever. 




 Utterly tactless. 




 I can't recall. It was Neelix heavy and had some guy who developed a superweapon that was used against the Talaxians. 




 Thanks, hombre. 




 Looked it up, didn't find it. 




 Soviet and Communist memorabilia. I can typically identify which era of Soviet history a specific medal or uniform was manufactured and worn in and the identity of most East German, Chinese, Vietnamese and North Korean decorations. 




 Whelp, we finished Reddit. 




 Well, eventually a conservative faction of real Mandos shows up to bust heads and set shit right, but it still seemed really forced and contrived.

Also, as mentioned, the art style of the show was really bad to me. I would have LOVED it if they had kept the Tartakovsky Clone Wars' style and knocked it out in Flash or something. I don't know why it bothered me so much. 




 Yeah. They were the ruling government on Mandalore. It was awful. 




 Voyager also wholesale ripped off "Duet," possibly my favorite DS9 episode. 




 I'd source this, but I'm on my phone. Check out IBM and Ford's prewar activities, though. They're two companies I know off the top of my head who dealt with Nazi Germany. I can't think of any US companies that were working with Imperial Japan, however. 




 Pacifist Mandalorians fucking ever

Sorry, bud. I disagree for lore breaking examples like that. I also wasn't a fan of the art style. Blech. 




 Never in our lifetime 




 It's not a focus, but they do it better than a lot of other games do. 




 "Just try to find a prop now, Wannabe Snakes! Fuck you! Hahahaha"

-Hideo "Laughing Fox" Kojima 




 I haven't played it yet. I'm just now looking at the IMFDB entry and I've got to say: holy fucking frankengun, Batman! Those are some strange gats. 




 I'm not talking about specific firearms models (and he features plenty of actual firearms in Metal Gear). I'm talking about things like trigger discipline and proper detailing, with adequate consideration given to things like actually fitting a mechanism in the design of a fake gun. You can draw any sort of gun you like, but drawing one with a believable location to hold the thing and put a magazine in it that will have the right amount of room to feed into the chamber and a believably placed trigger mechanism is quite another. 




 Could be bakelite? Maybe some very thick varnish? If it's in Japan, though, it's most assuredly airsoft. 




 The man seems to know guns. He gets a lot of things about them right in his games that others fuck up.  




 The Philippines has a claim on the islands there too. If it was still part of the US, that means the American Navy would be there to enforce those claims.

I agree entirely. However, we could also look for the Communist Chinese to build a much stronger navy. The [PLAN](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/People%27s_Liberation_Army_Navy) has, until recently, been something of a red headed step child amongst the Chinese armed forces. Naturally, the Military Commission had been rather keen on the advantages of a true blue water navy for some time, but until very recently the technical expertise and vast resources necessary to create and maintain such a force had eluded them. 

However, in the past twenty years, China's economy has exploded and (coupled with the opening up of former Soviet technical expertise) the Chinese have been able to acquire the backbone of a true blue water fleet. Where once they had been able to field a token submarine force, they're now able to field carriers and light cruisers. 

Now, back to the What If. One imagines that with a US territory not too far off and their Nationalist rivals licking their wounds on Taiwan, Mao might look at a Navy as a much more vital asset. The Communists might even have looked to their friendship with the Soviets in a more careful light and worked harder to placate Khrushchev in an effort to avoid the Sino-Soviet split, thus ensuring that Soviet naval power (which was far from inconsiderable) would come into play in the West Pacific. This is all highly speculative, naturally, but the naval situation alone could pose for scores of HistoryWhatIfs. 




 Underwater, you mean? Andrew Ryan was an incredibly successful businessman topside. In a museum located at Ryan Amusements, the story of the voyage (and subsequent refitting for ocean floor construction) of Ryan's private ocean liner The Olympian is detailed, along with the hard work of Ryan's private army of laborers. These laborers were given places in Rapture for their trouble (and, one assumes, to preserve Rapture's secrecy) but were forced to settle in the maintenance tunnels beneath the Atlantic Express rail lines, now known as Pauper's Drop.

In other words, a lot of the Family Splicers that Delta murdered there are the men who built Rapture. Thanks, Delta. Jackass. 




 That poor rifle. 




 Glad you think so! Thanks! 




 Kroger unionized employee here, making $7.25/hr for 25 hours a week (if I'm lucky) and I'm responsible for a huge share of our positive feedback surveys. I look at moves like this with envy, personally. 




 Rapture employed a system of fog emitting shrouds to keep people from finding the lighthouse which served as its entrance. Of course, during the initial startup phase, there were problems: mass dieoffs of fisheries, oil slicks, and the like. However, as Rapture's defensive systems (torpedoes, mines, inferred anti-air capabilities) resulted in disappearances of shipping and aircraft that remained unexplained to the wider world - coupled with the extremely inhospitable nature of the frigid North Atlantic meant that a large swatch of sea was left quite avoided: cursed to the superstitious and commercially dead to the rational.

As it was never a particularly well travelled region of ocean in the first place, nobody really felt the loss for this and, by design, Andrew Ryan's shining utopia achieved perfect isolation from the outside world... barring the errant daredevil diver or a domestic situation that would make Jerry Springer gasp. Otherwise, Rapture marches on. 




 I imagine it would be a similar situation, but with far more pressure for either independence or statehood given the Philippines' substantially larger population. I'd really like to see how having a large US territory in that region would impact relations between the Communist and Nationalist China. I'm sure Chiang Kai Shek would have been more confident in his position with so many more US Forces swarming around in the Pacific. 









 What are you waiting for, an engraved invitation! Do it now, Samuel! 




 I agree entirely. We've let bigots ruin so many cool things. Let's reclaim them. Fuck prejudice. 




 It's okay. If she does get rid of them, they'll just come back. 




 Yep. ~~Guy~~ Gal who designed it was a Socialist, IIRC. Good on ~~him~~ her, I say. Capitalism is a rotten, rotten system and we need to dispense with it. 




 I didn't downvote you, but your tone was needlessly condescending and I thought I'd point that out. Whatever. 




 Because everyone totally knows what the national symbol of the Ukraine is. 




 This guy gets it. Kudos, solefald. 




 "We're not a stereotype"

Don't leave a tip.

Class act. 




 I'll start you off:

Allons enfants de la Patrie,	


Le jour de gloire est arriv ! 




 This idea's got Moxie, Billy. 




 More like /r/UnusualIdeasAndSubredditSuggestions, amirite? Except for Shifty. The things /u/Shifty_Drifter are doing with this subreddit are commendable and worthy of praise. 




 Do it. Now. Make it the prime time of your life. 




 They'll never ignore you again. 




 Wait, picking it up doesn't... I've been playing this game for years. How did I not know? 




 Read the Thrawn Trilogy. Do it now. Also, Darth Plagueis and the Episode III novelization. 




 Seriously. You're discussing a word, Reddit. It's 'niggers.' You look childish if you dance around it like that. 




 Fuck you. Upvotes away. 




 For real. Whatever happened to courts and pageantry and uniforms for civil officials? Casualism is so boring. 




 This just tells me that nature hates base 10. 




 I've said it before and I'll say it again: the ATF is too powerful and needs to be disestablished, its functions scattered to the winds and its personnel devoted to running a chain of one stop fun stores.  




 While it is very restrictive (not all that unusually so for nations on the Asian continent), it is distinguished by having successfully unified China (for the first time since the downfall of their last dynasty) and having done more for literacy and human development in China than anyone else. For these reasons, the Communist party is not without its supporters.

Not sure why communist is used as though it's a bad thing. Ever read Marx? Communism is, at its heart, a very good and benevolent philosophy - much moreso than capitalism.

Also, the Guomindang are the Nationalist Chinese, the ones currently in exile (for the most part, see: The Revolutionary Committee of the Guomindang) on Taiwan. 




 That's a funny way of spelling Mr Rogers in a Blood-stained Sweater. 




 I'd really like to see something set in a post Lamb Rapture. No idea what they could possibly do, and that's what makes it so exciting. 




 Misogyninjas 




 Ever read about the Guomindang? It got pretty shitty after Chiang Kai Shek took over. 




 Rent is cheap? FREE ON STEAM: CONFIRMED.

Something something metro? ENDLESS SLOGS THROUGH TRAIN TUNNELS: CONFIRMED.

OP has found a goldmine. 




 OP's title is misinformed, if nothing else. Inaccurate, in any case. 




 Except that the majority of Crimeans have no love for the Ukraine and identify as Russian. The majority of Crimeans wanted to either be independent or rejoin Russia before this whole thing happened. The status quo was not all that popular. Only small groups of people sought any sort of tight union with Kiev. 




 He ended it after it was stabbed in the back and the questionably legal [Belavezha Accords](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Belavezha_Accords) made continuing the Soviet Union an impossible prospect, yes. Note that the signatories of this pact were traitors acting in their own interests. The majority of citizens in Byelorussia, the Ukraine, Russia and in many other SSRs were actually quite in favor of continuing the Soviet Union. I've no doubt the world would be better off if it were still around. It would have saved everyone a lot of suffering and bloodshed, for sure. 




 Relevance being? Most Tatars today weren't born in Crimea. Their ethnic group may have had a claim to the place at some point, but if most Tatars alive today weren't born in Crimea, it's not really a homeland, I wouldn't imagine. You're attempting to argue from emotion. That's a poor debate tactic. 




 The legality of the Soviet Union's dissolution aside, [Russia's legal continuity from the Soviet Union on the international stage is well established.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Succession_of_states#Soviet_Union) 




 Those guys who lost it in a battle and mostly weren't even born there since their ethnic group only started moving back in relatively recently? Nope. It's mostly ethnic Russians that live in Crimea anyway. 




 Crimea was ceded to the Ukraine under peaceful terms when they were part of the same country. As Russia is the sole legal successor to the Soviet Union, an argument could be made that they can take it back. The Tatars are not in the same position. 




 Isn't Fallout supposed to be all about Americana, though? Seems to me like foreign countries would be great for DLC, but that's it. 




 It's not so simple as that. Crimea was Russian. The only reason it was ever ceded was due to Soviet infrastructural convenience. Crimeans never wanted to belong to the Ukraine for the most part. They intervened on behalf of their people because they didn't want the Crimea getting swept up by post Yanukovych, anti-Russia sentiments. You'd act on your people's behalf, too, if Azov Battalion was a factor. 




 Curious: what's wrong with the Crimea situation? The Ukraine was unstable and the majority of Crimeans never wanted to be ruled by Kiev anyway. They were ethnic Russians, by and large, speaking Russians and even holding Russian passports in a lot of cases. I've never spoken to a Crimean who lamented the events. So I have to ask: aside from Kiev losing land, what was the downside of Russia reclaiming Crimea from the Ukraine? 




 Kind of tacky, putting politics on a goodwill message like that. 




 Nothing changes in the Ukraine, I see. All that changes is foreign policy. My thoughts and best wishes go out to the Ukrainians. 




 Free speech, democracy, etc. 




 Georgia? I know we're turning blue, but did anyone actually think these would have a chance? 

(FWIW: I'd never stop voting for a pro gun Dem.) 




 Hunter S Thompson would have thought him adorable. 




 Krokodil Me. 




 Thought so. Words shall not be marked, OP. 




 No one likes SRS 




 Can countries be kicked out of the EU? I don't think they can. They can sure be made to feel unwelcome, however, and voluntarily withdraw. 




 There's a difference between telling someone something they're going to have a tough time after the collapse and telling someone they're just going to die. It's pretty shitty. 




 The lands that Russia is in were never Kiev's to begin with and never wanted to belong to the Ukraine. This is not hard to grasp. 




 Honestly, what would you even call the war in the Ukraine? The west and Kiev can't even seem to agree on the nature of the conflict and Moscow won't admit that it has people in the Ukraine. Then you have Crimea which arguably belonged to Russia anyway and the whole thing just collapses into a semantic clusterfuck.

I'm just going to call it The Great Soviet Tussle and be done with it.

 




 They adopt the tactics of the bigots they claim to loathe and are just as intolerant of "privileged" people as they claim the privileged are of the disabled, women, LGBTs, and minorities. SJWs are a useless, disgusting lot.  




 Do Christians believe that consciousnesses created by Man can get to heaven? What would an AI have to gain by being Christian? This pastor seems to be misunderanding why people would want to believe in a god. 




 Well sure, but speaking as a disabled person, we all know that already and it's needlessly douchy to point it out. 




 Report, downvote and move on.

Edit: What did I say? 




 Are the mods as pro-Ukraine as everybody else seems to be or what? 




 Paraplegic here. I've wondered this as well. Fortunately, my group of friends and I all have a really cohesive plan for a collapse of society and local order and I feel pretty good about that. My advice? Try to do the same if you have friends interested in prepping.  




 I don't know. I'm still not all that convinced. Next you'll be telling me that Leela's a mutant and not an alien. 




 Maaaaybe. I've got a full plate at the moment, but I'll see. 




 Nah. Defect to North Korea. Pays better. 




 They only yell all the time because they love me, too. Discuss? 









 Do it now, waffle boy! 




 For best results OC weapons and sing The Internationale in Korean. 
























 Basically, I have a shitload of obscure music from the Communist world of varying vintages, a level of skill at writing stiffly propagandistic radio copy, and a degree of experience with voice work. What I'd love to do is make a radio station for either FNV or FO3 that broadcasts as a service of the irradiated ghouls shambling around in the old Soviet embassy.

If this sounds like something you'd like to be a part of, let me know. I really only need someone with enough GECK know how to make all the audio that I level and produce to come out fine in the script and in game. As I have no plans to make any in game content, it should be a modest undertaking at its most difficult.

If such a mod already exists, I apologize for the seeming redundancy, but I'd dare to venture that my effort would make a worthy and immersive addition to any play through of either game.


UPDATE

I've recorded several DJ quips and have a nearly finalized selection of tracks I'm putting in. This is subject to change, and if you have any suggestions feel free to speak up. Chances are that I probably have it.

**Soviet:**

My Army

There, Far Beyond the River

If You'll Be Lucky

Lenin is Young Again

On the Hills of Manchuria

Russian Sailors Dance

Pesnaya

Lenin is Always With You

War Century

Na Strazi Mira

Anebopok

The Rockets Are Always Ready!

Ne Plach Devchonka

Kiev Waltz



**Chinese:**

When That Day Comes

Chen Sisi: My Dear Chinese People

When The Motherland Calls Upon Us

The East Is Red

Socialism is Good!

Unknown Mao Zedong Red Opera



**East German:**

Ernst Busch: The Left March

Erich Weinert Ensemble: Spartakus In Berlin


**North Korean:**

The General Is Seen at the Outpost

Don't Ask My Name

We Will Follow You Forever

Korea Does What It is Determined to Do

Footsteps

Where Are You, Dear General?


**Hungarian:**

A Parttal A Neppel

This list is very much in flux and open to suggestion. I may add or remove things in order to create the right tone for the station. Additionally, if you have requests for things you want to hear the DJ talk about and put a commie spin on, feel free to suggest them here. 

**Preview**

A preview of the mod is located [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkC6gsMCLzY)


**UPDATE 01/15**

Principal recording of DJ lines is complete. Track listing is complete. All that remains is placing and some audio post-production. I'm quite pleased with how everything has come together, and I'm pretty sure it even plays nice with canon and lore. I'll make another post once the whole thing is done, and I hope you all enjoy it.

To celebrate this milestone, [here](http://vocaroo.com/i/s1wZJvPoQRxa) is another preview of the DJ copy.
 




 What are North Korean attitudes on the fall of the USSR? I know that the DPRK is no longer technically a Communist state, but is there any sense that they lost an ally or fellow traveler? Do they regard it as a failing in Leninist thought that Juche has rectified? I've always been curious about Northerners feel about the Soviet Union and its fall. 




 Conditions assume that each party has only themselves and their respective skills to rely on. Atlas has his shadowy connections and skill set while Fitzroy is assisted at random and unknowable intervals by the Lutece twins. 









 The booze consumes the molecules you need to stay asleep, so you'll wake up early without fail. Do it! Do it, asshole! 




 I know that information is sparse, but I really wonder how the Soviet Union, Europe, China, Japan and Australia faired the various wars that ultimately consumed the world in and around 2077. Anyone got any hard sources or conjecture? I know Tenpenny claimed to have made it out of England, so we've obviously got something resembling global travel still. 




 It's a crime ridden hellhole. What the hell drives people to live or invest there? 




 Assuming that one would still qualify them as industrial, that is. 
























 Think about it. They've got the poor guy in jail. Their revenge could not be sweeter. 



















 Britain's cockney culture is characterized by a charming accent that is famous the world round for evoking images of chimney sweeps and Dickensian orphans. HOWEVER, there is an untold tragedy behind this distinctive brogue.

You see, the cockney tradition of calling strangers 'guvna' does not, in point of fact, stem from rhyming slang and the archaic term 'scrivener.' In fact, all cockney people suffer from a terrible and debilitating condition that leaves them unable to properly identify the current governor. Therefore, in a mixture of respect and a fear of terrifyingly draconian British laws regarding the failure to pay proper deference to government officials, cockneys are left with but one recourse:

Greet everyone as 'guvna.' 









 Greetings and salutations!

I'm an Atlanta area resident looking to get into voice acting and voice over work. I specialize in playing villains, but I can do just about anything. In addition, I dare say I've got the best mid-atlantic accent delivery in the amateur market. 

My rates are extremely competitive and open to negotiation, and my growing portfolio can be found at www.modernchristory.com. Thanks for giving me a look! I hope I'm right for your project! 

Feel free to contact me either through my site or via PM. 









 For all those currently relying on Skype and the like: hang in there! It gets better! My girlfriend and I met online and the day we met each other was the happiest day of our lives. We've been living together for over two years now, but we still look back to our days of falling asleep on Skype and chatting online fondly. Hang in there. You'll be together some day, and let me tell you: there's nothing more rewarding than that final visit to the airport.  




 Is there a central bank? Some manner of mint? Who standardizes these things and why are they good in every era with seemingly no change? 


































 You make a good case, son. A damned good case. 




 Swastikas 




 On the flip side, however, the military does discriminate against vast segments of the population, so I don't think it's safe to consider it a catchall. 




 Such liberalism! Such democracy! Good to see that the blood spilt on the maidan was not tragically, farcically wasted. Different faces, same bullshit.  . 




 ! Glad we ironed that out. 




 Simonov certainly could have managed it. 




 Ah! I thought you were talking technically, not conceptually. My mistake. 




 Nihil sub sole novum, eh? 




 See, Mikhail Kalashnikov seems like he was an awesome guy, and that's part of his appeal. The Soviets were fond of using poster boys to embody the labor of the working classes. In this system, the [Stakhanovite movement](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stakhanovite_movement), the work of many would be attributed to a single poster boy in the hopes that multitudes of workers would see said poster boy as a model to be emulated. The results of this were debatable, but it is certain that it was applied to more than just coal mining. 




 Except that the internal workings of the two weapons are wholly different. The StG has much more in common with European assault rifles than it does the AK-47. While they're aesthetically similar, the inner workings of the two machines couldn't be more different. 




 I'm sure it's already been said, but my only problem with the theory is how much Bobby looks like Cotton. Otherwise, this theory has been my operating headcanon for quite some time. 




 Well? It is, isn't it? It was mostly in what is now Russia and what holdings it had on Crimea count as Russian because we all know the Ukraine ain't getting that soil back. 




 But that's why this is wrong. A boycott would be saying that you care more about some people's issues than others. That's tremendously unethical. 




 I see what you're saying, but I still believe that those who support such a move are failing to consider people with disabilities and poor people, as well as anybody else who can't travel. I take issue with that on a lot of levels. 




 But why should people unable to do anything about it suffer for it? DC should just make donations to Democratic candidates or something. A boycott would hurt a ton of people to no real end. You can't fix an injustice with another injustice. 




 No matter what, moving is going to be a pain for people who had nothing to do with this. I hope the law fails, but if it passes I'm going to be pissed if Dragoncon moves and, unfortunately, won't be able to do a thing about it.

That said, they'll need a strong argument to get them out of their contracts.

Also, thanks for the upvote. 




 I get what you're saying, I'm just saying that it wouldn't hold up and any half decent lawyer could defeat that argument in arbitration. 




 "Hey, let's screw over our con goers for something they have no control over!" That would be, essentially, what they're saying if they moved and that is something nobody should condone. The waves they're making are at our expense, not theirs. If they want to sacrifice for the good of the cause, they can contribute to non Republican political campaigns. Don't shaft the disabled and the poor over it.  




 Dragoncon itself has never been hostile to gay people. This argument falls flat. 




 But I'm disabled. Traveling is a huge ordeal for me, bordering on impossible if it's too far. I don't take people's shit away and bother them for issues relating to disabilities. Theirs is an awful approach to activism that ends up hurting people who actually genuinely are on their side. Additionally, a lot of people can't afford to travel to Dragoncon and this is the only large genre convention of its size and type that we've got.

 You would be hard pressed to find anti gay sentiment at Dragoncon. Do something that'll hurt the republicans directly or something.

I'm probably going to get buried, but people need to consider the full ramifications of boycotts. 

tl;dr, no just read the damn thing.

Edit: downvotes? Is arguing for those who can't travel that detestable? Such tolerance! 




 If you sycophant hard enough, though, you could get a cushy dacha or something. 




 Stalin had the best mixtape of 1944, foreal. 




 Travel is a huge ordeal for me and Dragoncon has always been very convenient because of that. Let's not punish allies for the actions of boor headed conservatives. 




 Not to mention Target's whole, creepy history in customer tracking anyway... 




 Except for all the gay people and allies in Indiana suffering for this anyway. Sanctions and boycotts are really shitty that way. 




 Paging /u/StuartAshen. Be careful with your festering, expired food that might somehow be dangerous! 




 Hey, Andy, how far is Bikini Bottom from Rapture? How are diplomatic relations between these two undersea citystates? 




 Stolen land? Have you ever even spoken to a Crimean? 




 Because yours is an interesting country with a rich culture and history that our media does absolutely no justice to. The best way to learn about any country is to ask the people who live there. Thus, I am subscribed.


Greetings from the United States state of Georgia. 




 I could have sworn that was straight from Dworkin's festering gob. Oh well. 




 Didn't some radfem "scholar" of some renown once claim that all male sex is rape? I want to say it was Dworkin. 




 Sounds beautiful compared to current. I'll never get why people think we're better off without the Soviet Union. 




 I get the perception that a lot of people are worried about the con getting too family friendly and losing the nerdi-gras vibe. People get defensive about that, and I can see more underage attendees worrying them. 




 No need to put "DPR" in quotes. They've just as much right to their name as anybody else. 




 Of course not, but I hear far too many feminists claiming their movement is about *everybody's* gender equality, and I take umbrage with that assertion. It's quite clear that this is not the case and they should stop selling their movement as such a thing.  




 But if feminism really is about gender equality, shouldn't it just be called "gender equality?" Where are feminists on male issues?  




 Default mod, here. I've never spoken with her. She seems to be hands off, from what I can tell. Well, other than blanket bans on discussion of a certain con artist. 




  I love how everyone preaches that we should be politically correct and sensitive to every single minority ever, but it's perfectly fine to call the south as a whole one crazy set of backwards, raving, religious lunatics.

I see it all the damned time and it pisses me off. You can't joke about anyone ever because feelings. But the South? Oh, go right ahead! We're the national laughing stock and we just have to deal with it.  




 ***WHAT!?*** 




 What was the original? 




 When comics work dried up, Rob Liefeld moved into tattoo commissions.  




 Zelotic, dropping some knowledge bombs. 




 9x18 Makarov.  




 I can vouch for this. A friend of mine once shot a handgun while I had my earplugs out. Not a fun trip to the range, let me tell you. 




 I'm going to go out on a limb and say that if we're going to have executions, they ought to be public. I am against the death penalty, as I don't believe any nationstate to have a perfect enough judicial process to mete it out fairly and it's an extremely expensive thing to have around.

However, it is a civil process, and every citizen of a country ought to see how the sausage is made, so to speak. As an element of the justice system, such as open courts where such executees are sentenced, it ought to be done in public. 




 I can't imagine Ogelthorpe landing in South Georgia in anything but a blizzard and considering this state fit to establish any sort of colony, even a penal colony. 




 Simply put, people will be quick to find ways for truly horrible things to be hoaxes. It's easier to some than accepting that we live in a world where awful things happen for no good reason.

Besides, the anti gun lobby HAS been milking the hell out of it, and where someone is gaining, people are quick to look for blame. 




 Because their government is in disarray and the left hand doesn't know what the right hand is doing? 




 temporary occupied

Oh, that's cute. 




 I guess Kosovo isn't a state either, then. Or maybe being a nation has to do more with sovereign will than petty things like international recognition. I mean, if Transnistria isn't sovereign and it isn't run by Moldova, just what the devil is it? 




 I thought he was Jimmy.

Ol' Jimmy Palpatine. 




 Woo! 




 But Transnistria is an independent nation. The Ukraine has no right to interfere and its citizens shouldn't need to get Moldovan passports. 




 July? You could relocate to the surface of the sun and it would be more temperate than Georgian July. 




 Nah. I like it here, for all of its faults. My family has been here since the early 1800s, the culture appeals to me, and moving is expensive. I'll just crank my AC and don a cooled HAZMAT suit to leave my apartment, all while dreaming of some Dixie Siberia. 




 No! Now we have bugs, pollen, and swamp ass! Anything but winter in this state is a hellish slog through the blood soaked depths of perdition. 




 I can get that their trying to help their branding, but you don't do that by shafting one of your most productive employees. Poor form, Konami. 




 Your host is bad and you should feel bad. Full of redirect spam and everything on phones. Lousy. Stop using it. 




 I'm out of the loop, here. What did Konami do to Kojima? 




 Because you haven't got a horse in this race or anything. 




 I can't think of anything off the bat that could contradict this. Headcanon tentatively accepted. 




 "Sorry, dude." Never has a simple phrase been so infuriating. I'd have taken a bat to his face and irradiated his testicles if I was you. 




 I may well do that if no one gets to it first. I'm busy for the weekend, so I can't give it the time it deserves. 




 ShitRedditSays is most toxic? So unsurprised. 




 I have some aesthetic and story pointers, if you'd like to avail yourself of them. I've been dying to do a setting like this but haven't really had a way to do it. 




 Dieselpunk space opera! If I could see art deco capital ships slugging it out over an ecumenopolis where everyone has spiffy 1930s era uniforms, that'd be neato. I actually have quite a few ideas kicking around about this. 




 Because censorship is really annoying to some people? 




 Georgia here. Yeah, I'm nowhere near that brave. I keep my bumper stickers sci fi related. 




 Southern atheists: there are more of us than you'd think. Source: Georgia bound and god-free. 




 I think General Lee was always aware of the morally abhorrent nature of slavery, but he was overwhelmed by his love of Virginia - surpassing even his love of the United States. I think his moral nature must have eaten at him quite badly and he would definitely have been a very conflicted man during and after the war. 




 Everything Kiev does seems to make me want to hate the current administration in the Ukraine more and more every day. 




 That's really not their decision to make, is it? 




 Fuck yes. So pumped. 




 Burnblades? Sounds fun. I'm on mobile, but is there a Halopedia link? 




 I am not death myself, but I'm working on it. What can I do to help the cause, buddy? 




 I never understood why the Lamas and Tibetan independence are so popular with the western Left. It's a tremendously uneducated view of history to support such things. 




 I got my hopes way too raised over that. 




 Craplanta? Living near Atlanta, I can see that. So how about San Antonio Bay? 




 I always liked Detoilet more. Whatcha got for Atlanta? 




 Anyone want to design one for us and fill the void? 




 My girlfriend's grandfather fought with the Communists against the Japanese in the war. I can confirm that they would hate it. We'd probably end up with a rump state headed by Wang Jingwei's Guomindang in China seated in Shanghai or perhaps Nanjing and the surrounding area with Japan owning a huge swatch of China including Manchuria, perhaps Beijing and most of the northern areas of the country. Additionally, they'd hold Korea, Taiwan, Hong Kong, and more. 

Their vassal states in the Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere would hold Indochina, Burma, Indonesia, Singapore, and most if not all of British India. Look for Subhadra Bose and his Japanese backers to have some very different ideas on where the final borders should end up. 




 *exasperated grunt* 




 Yep. I believe their intent was to depopulate the Soviet Union as completely as possible and destroy all traces of Russian culture, leaving behind a servile slavic remnant to act as factory labor and house slaves. If memory serves, something to that effect was already somewhat underway in the Ukraine by the time the Nazis were pushed out. 




 Reichskommisariat Moskau would likely not be a thing. The Nazis stated repeatedly that they wanted to wipe the city and everything it stood for off the map. Likely, they'd set up an administration in Leningrad, rename it Petrograd or some German equivalent, and set up the Gau for the region there. 




 They dug up his sister just to sling mud at him? What a disgusting cult. 




 But... But at the two minutes hate yesterday... I could have sworn we... 




 Crimea's Curse? Could this article be more slanted? 




 G4 hasn't been a thing in ages. This comic is very dated. 




  Ukrainian support never fell bolow 50%.

What? Do you even have any idea what you're talking about? Have you ever even met a Crimean? 




 This. People act like Russia is so hypocritical with regards to secession due to how they handled Chechnya, but the fact that Chechen rebels always wanted to set up a backwards caliphate should set it apart. No conscientious leader can allow a caliphate to arise on their territory. 




 Sad but true. Things like this don't fit the narrative. 




 I'm gonna need more info. I had no idea this was a thing. 




 Such is life. 




 I used to volunteer at the Maryland zoo. One of the polar bears in our zoo, Alaska, was born in captivity and was in a circus for all of her life. She was rescued and my mentor described what it was like when she first entered her exhibit. The first time she entered her exhibit was literally the first time in her life that she had ever set foot on the earth so, for the first week or so she loved to dig. It was very endearing and touching...until they realized she was digging way too much and they had to fill in the holes at night with a mini tractor and compact the earth. And when she first went for a swim in the pool in her exhibit she was even happier. It was amazing! Unfortunately she has died due to old age and kidney failure.

[link](http://articles.baltimoresun.com/2013-01-15/features/bs-md-zoo-polar-bear-dies-20130115_1_mexican-circus-ellen-bronson-maryland-zoo) 




 I could buy that. 




 No, I actually got your point rather clearly. However, as what you said had pretty much nothing to do with my reasons for carrying, I saw no reason to address your comment. 




 I thought it was canon if you did enough mental gymnastics. I mean, nothing in BaS ever directly shot it down and they even referred to some BioShock 2 locations in game. 




  And the wheelchair doesn't make much of a difference.

It actually does. The entire point I was trying to make, which seems to have eluded you, is that I can't run from muggers and other scum as easily as others. As such, I feel a lot better using lethal defense. Unless you have a severe mobility impairment as well, you have absolutely no business critiquing that. 




 This article struck a lot of chords with me. Sterling find as always, /u/alllie. 




 I've also long been in favor of reopening our State mental hospitals. Europe has proven to have somewhat imitable models in this regard. 
I should have included something like that in my initial post, considering 
how shockingly and depressingly prevalent mental illness and infirmity are in America's homeless population. 




 Well, branch 09 in Bombay have finally delivered their Eva sir, but... um... Well, it's got no paint, is fighting off massive infections, its armor has rusted through nearly completely and we can't understand a thing the Eighth Child is saying due to his accent. Can we ask the Angels for a rain check, sir? 




 Why the Star Wars font? 




 To play devil's advocate here, a lot of places do this because they lack the resources to shelter and care for those homeless people. Where are they all going to go to the bathroom, for example? Where will they sleep? How are you going to deal with the increased crime, vagrancy and litter that inevitably follows groupings of homeless people? The actions taken to discourage homeless gatherings by some cities is understandable, but it also has to come with a program of humanitarian assistance: the construction and expansion of shelters and resources to get these people fed and in jobs. 




 Counterargument: I'm in a wheelchair. I can't really fight all that well and I can't flee for shit due to my awful mobility. I can't afford to trust anything *but* lethal measures for self defense. 




 *ding*

*ding*

*ding*

*soda bottle explodes*
 




 Obeeeeyyy!!! 




 He's a different animal entirely. I think he's beyond grouping. 




 Thanks! 




 Sauce? 




 It holds water, I think. Only an ignorant fool would think the government has no influence on the news cycle. 




 Well, that's an example of might makes right, the way you describe it. 




 Yeah, but Reddit and the US at large will never see this side of the argument. 




 Law is irrelevant if it doesn't conform to the will of the people. Crimeans don't want to be a part of the Ukraine, so they shouldn't be a part of the Ukraine. End of story. 




 And where can we buy it? 




 I am insanely eager to see how this turns out. If nobody comes up with something in a few hours, I'll try to come up with something. 




 Stick it in some milsurp furniture and she'll look like a champ. 3 my refinished WASR with Romanian donkey dong furniture. 




 Well, yeah. Yours doesn't? 




 It sure seems to be a contest, the way some tumblrs tack on as many acronyms as they can to avoid it. 

Anyway, living in the rural south, I have to wonder: what use is a shaky, ill defined concept to me if it does nothing to help the people around me and makes everyone feel terrible and guilty? I could make the leap across the chasm of illogical stupidity if it at least helped the people around me. 




 Privilege is a vague concept, at best. It does little to explain rampant poverty in predominantly white rural Appalachia, for example. It also does little to explain why social justice people seem to care so little for that cause, or for things like male mental health. Privilege is an interesting theory in abstract but makes little sense in the real world.

I say this as a disabled man, someone you'd probably consider unprivileged.  




 What in the actual fuck? 




 Headcanon accepted, but it doesn't really answer OP's question. 




 I applaud you on that, then.  




 I don't want to sound like a fascist, but if America offends you then you might not have any business being in America. I get that a lot of people can't afford to leave or anything, but the impression I got was that it was primarily immigrants being offended. Generally, you probably shouldn't move to a country if it offends you.


That said, our government is absolutely awful, but a flag usually represents a land and its people, not its government.  




 As a subscriber here and to /r/personalfinance, I was fairly confused. 




 In the same vein, trigger warning. 




 -111 points and three hours up? Wow. It takes integrity to leave such a thoroughly slaughtered post up. 




 Looks legit to me. 




 If you'd read below this comment, you'd see that I smoothed that out  with strawberryblonde yesterday. 




 Don't they have immigration requirements and doesn't it take money to get up there, bud? 




 And we'll never get that time back. Sad. :( 




 Sure. Let me just make more money, bud. Oh, and get rid of the medical and opportunity costs of my disability. That will help. 









 My apologies. That's a rather common thing for anti-gun people to trot out in gun discussions, so I sort of assumed what was going on here.  




 What's with anti-gun people and their fixation on tiny dicks? Can you lot not do any better than miserable ad hominem attacks? 




 I wasn't trying to argue with you or anything. Just pointing out that cops aren't always all that good with firearms, yet they're the ones that anti-gun people say should be allowed to have them.

As for the whole criminal justice thing, it actually is something of a source. It shows that I know what I'm talking about to a degree when it comes to police firearms training procedures. 

But if you want to be a dick, that's fine too. 




 A lot of cops are actually really awful with firearms. Escalation of force procedure and trigger discipline don't get near the level of attention they deserve during training. 

Source: criminal justice major, studied Georgia's POST training regimen.  




 Was it night? Near a city? Did the gun owner have to walk anywhere? Sure, the school might be safe, but we don't know where the guy was from or where he was going. If he had a gun on him, to comply with the law, he'd have to wear it openly. I doubt they had a gun check, in any case.  




 I'd say it's more like keeping a fire extinguisher in your kitchen and by your electric panel even though you're not all that likely to have a fire. 




 Nah. Marchie lives in a place where grenades abound but nobody can count correctly. 

Poor, poor Marchie. 




  Get over your loss. 

Which loss, dare I ask?  




 Appealing to emotion is such a political way to argue. It's sort of like, you know, every debate about gun ownership ever. 

"Yeah, you may have an enumerated constitutional right to own and carry weapons, and gun owners by and large are responsible and trustworthy people BUT WHAT ABOUT DEAD CHILDREN!?" - Bloomstein Demands Whatever 




 I carry because I'm in a wheelchair, can't fight or flee for shit, and live in a high crime area. As soon as the world stops being a place where people need to defend themselves, I'll stop carrying. 




 That's a mature attitude that contributes a lot to the conversation. Thanks, webby. 




 That's a big deal to them? I live in Georgia and work retail. I've got about a million and seven customers who open carry every day. Nice folk, actually. Really friendly, love to talk about their guns and stuff. Michigan, you need to stop being so afraid of weapons. 




 I didn't need feels of this magnitude today, but by jingo 'ave I got them. 




  Is it still cel shading if it looks like an impressionist painting? 




 This is the best way to go about it. Even better is that if you black out while playing, you can wake up to wonder why Balmora is wiped out, a nude Nord is following you around and all of your ingredients have been consumed. 




 Most definitely. If it's a bullshit booze law, you can always find bible shit behind it. 




 That sounds awesome. All of that. I'm sort of envious and wish we weren't so sensitive about everything. 




 Yep. Nazi chic. In Japan and East Asia, nobody was really all that affected by the holocaust, so they look at Nazis as little more than bad guys who did bad things and looked fantastic doing them. Due to their detachment from the situation, it's seen merely as taboo and not endorsing racism and genocide to enjoy Nazi chic. Oh, and the swastika never got ruined over there.

This is a gross over simplification, of course, so if anyone wants to correct me on this, feel free. 




 I haven't been a fan of CGI animated Star Wars in general. I just can't watch it, it looks awful to me. 




 I could swear there's an SCP like that. 




 Anyone got this wallpaper? 
























 What an adorable little theocratic despot. 




 Yep. I don't know where they expect poor cripples to live. The streets, I guess. Fuck us. 




 God, it would be great if more places had handicap accessible housing.  




 I can't wait to find out he's in the poorhouse. Tell me he's in the poorhouse. 




 You make a solid case. 




 You'll hear no argument from me on the whole basic income thing. I've seen the science and sociology behind it. You're preaching to the converted. 

I'm not sure about your approach to mental problems however. Gradual reintroduction facilitated by a clinic system would likely be a better solution. This way, those who cannot be reintroduced are given a safe place to be treated and kept out of harm's way. 




 Something stupid. 




 I'd watch that. 




 On the face of it, yes. However, government and charitable services in most areas have already got their hands full with the housed poor in public housing and section 8. Very few places have anything left over for the homeless.

Ideally, we should close tax loopholes for the bourgeoisie, cut military funding, and use the surplus to fund mental health clinics and social services and education so that the homeless problem can be dealt with in the long term; but the powers that be have decided that this won't be done. Therefore, I stand by my belief that feeding the homeless isn't necessarily a good idea. A short term solution is to donate whatever you can to your local homeless shelter and community centers. 




 Even with food stamps and disability, I'm still barely making it. Being disabled, it would be awesome to have better job prospects or single payer healthcare, but fuck the working and disabled poor I guess.


AMA or whatever. 




 To be objective, doesn't feeding homeless people regularly draw in more from surrounding areas, putting more strain on local resources? 




 Georgia Florida water war, as well.

Fuck your clams, Florida. Fuck em. 




 It Follows would've been the perfect name for a sequel to Stephen King's It. 




 What's the difference between good abstract art and bad abstract art? Honestly. Once art stops looking even remotely like things, it becomes impossible to critique objectively. Really, it's hacks like Pollock's fault. 




 THE KING THU'UMED HIS HEAD. LEFT HIM BROKEN AND DEAD. 




 Wheelchair user, here. Why not put some money into fixing ramps and the rest into exoskeletons? I'd love better ramps in the short term, but you know what would be fucking better? Walking. I'm not sure what kind of chair user wouldn't want to walk, but that ain't me or anyone I've ever met. 




 Isn't this the sort of shit that when it happens in Russia and China, we point to it as signs of their systems collapsing? You would think people would care more about this person's sacrifice. 




 Isn't your legal record under 18 sealed in most US jurisdictions? 




 Ah. I was looking at it through ImageZoom and the caption didn't go that far. Still, my point stands. I get that these are localizing comics to fit the context of the Indian issue, but why don't Indians just draw their own cartoons? 




 Yeah, I work self checkout. I never listen to the damned things. The voice on the machines just turns into a loud, continuous droning after a while. It's dreadful. 




 Is cheaper, but only KGB can afford rokk. 




 I'm an attendant on one of those self checkout things. When I'm not too busy, I totally notice. I just don't paid enough to care. Seriously, no one does. Also, we have like one LP person who is never there and she's the only one authorized to directly intercede, so even if I told a manager or something it would be sort of pointless.

Tl;dr Yeah, we know those aren't bananas. Enjoy your discounted produce all the same. 




 For real. Why not use the originals? These are all clearly stolen. 




 That's a small ass pic. 




  Atl standards

If a place in Atlanta isn't walkable by Atlanta standards, then it isn't walkable. 




 Well, healthcare really does have no business being a capitalist enterprise. It's madness to expect services which are essential to people's being able to live to be subject to market forces. 




 We can use the leftover John Wayne footage to start a talk show. 




 F-Faygo? You're the Faygo! 




 If anybody is still reading this, I'd like to take a moment to plug my friends, [Modern Front.](http://www.modernfrontmusic.com/) They're quite talented, I think, and they've got a lot of enthusiasm for their craft. 




 It's why I use 'the' for the Ukraine. Dropping it feels arbitrary and it honestly sounds a whole lot better that way. 




 So is the mother brain damaged? I think I missed something.  




 Because Poroshenko isn't just another corrupt, capitalist oligarch at all. Maidan wasn't a farcical waste of blood, sweat and tears, either. 




 Saying 'the' doesn't take anything away from their sovereignty. I mean, there's THE Philippines and THE United States. The insistence borders on insecurity, if you ask me. 




 The Ukraine sounds better, though. 




 Does anyone know when international tourists are going to be let in? As an American, I'd love to see Crimea. 




 Is it really annexing if most Crimeans have been wanting to rejoin Russia since the Ukraine became independent? I wouldn't call it that, personally. 




 Well, I don't work at THAT Kroger, but anybody who works retail long enough will eventually become death seven times on the inside.  




 Seems that way, comrade. Seems that way. 




 So much for regabiliting Murder Kroger's image. I work at Kroger and all that Beltline nonsense seems to have stopped floating around. 




 I had assumed those were newly composed Prometheans at the time. It's been a while since I played Halo 4 and I always thought the Prometheans were rubbish anyway, so I may be wrong. 




 Georgia, here, too. I remember Roy and Sunny's flag debacle all too well. 




 So sad, but you are absolutely right. 




 But they're both great symbols. We shouldn't let bigots ruin swastikas or rebel flags for the rest of us. We should stop being offended. 




 The Battle Flag didn't always carry such connotations, however, and that's what I'm railing against. It used to be a symbol of rebelliousness and of the South and then racists had to go and ruin it for people. I mean, look at how it was flown by US troops in WWII and Vietnam and you'll see what I mean. It wasn't always so hateful in the post Civil War era. 




 I'm with you there. Name me an ethically sound megacorporation and I'll show you a green dog. 




 Ah. For some reason I had thought that the Quebecois had a flag wholly distinct from the provincial flag. I was wrong. Anyway, the South should have a flag because we're culturally distinct from the North. We've got a distinctive dialect, cuisine, styles of music and more. We've got a rich cultural history distinct from the rest of America and in most places, that's enough to warrant a flag. 

That you look down on the South as simply being distinct for slavery is rather telling of how much you know about us. I mean, by this *flawless* logic: 

The only difference between the South and North was slavery, so any flag that separates the South from the rest of the country will be looked at with considerable disdain. A regional flag would be looked at as a desire to be separate from the rest of the country, which is a pretty shitty message to send considering the reason for doing it the last time.

German nationalism is a bad thing, considering what it caused *last time.* American patriotism is a bad thing because of what it's caused. The South deserves a flag just as much as the US and Germany do, I think. You've not given me a single compelling reason why we don't. 




 But don't you see! That's not ours to tamper with! Never mind that we're improving crop yields and increasing disease resistance! /s

(FWIW, Monsanto et al do have some pretty deplorable business practices.) 




 I thought some piece of post war canon said that the Ark survived. The ecosystem has been fucked beyond belief, but the structural integrity of the station as a whole is more or less sound. Given long enough, monitors and sentinels will likely get it back up and running and churn out Installation 04 C. I'm sure that's Forerunner protocol.

Also, as Prometheans are tied to the Didact, I highly doubt they're anywhere to be found but Requiem.  




 Hardly seems morally superior, given its history.

Besides, the South is a distinctive cultural region. Cultural regions typically have flags - Quebec, for example.  




 The inclusion of Ayers Rock makes it feel much more Australian. I don't generally like Union Flag replacements, but this one is solid. Good on you. 




 The Stars and Bars is the one I wish we'd go after, especially since it's seen by many states as a benign replacement for the Southern cross. I mean, it was the first symbol of the Confederate government - a group that was pretty objectively bigoted and awful. It just sort of sucks that the South doesn't get to have a flag that isn't mired in controversy. 




 I agree with many of these, but the idea that we can have clean, sustainable development in the short term without nuclear power is idealist and foolish. The key is doing it safely. It can be done, but oversight of the strictist nature is needed in nuclear plants. 




 Probably the latter. Time was that it wasn't so racially charged and was just seen as a symbol of devil may care rebelliousness. Ever see the Muppet Movie? In the background of the carnival scene, there are all these kids waving Confederate battle flags.

I really wish we could go back to having such a carefree attitude about it. Maybe push the negativity onto the Confederate *national* flag, instead. 




 If you want to work in the business, but don't want to work - just whine about sexism. That'll get you in. 




 You should post this to /r/fantheories 




 The warm embrace of Khorne, brother. 




 Fair enough. You're pretty much right on the money, for what it's worth, if you were imagining that I come from a Lost Cause promoting background. I still rather like the South and the Confederate flag, even if we'd function poorly as a country and we revolted over slavery. It's just a shame that we were fairly objectively the bad guys, there. I mean, the North were genocidal, imperialist terrorists; so I don't guess there are any good guys in that war. 




 Plenty of other people said exactly what you did, though. Pardon my curiousity, but it seems sort of unneeded. 




 Not to be rude, but this thread is days old and other people already replied. Why push the point further? 




 This. I don't mind kids at all if they're not obnoxious and behave themselves. I'd never have one or anything, but if they're well behaved and respectful of their elders then that's just fine.

Such children are certainly the exception rather than the rule, however. 




 Yeah, I'm calling bullshit on it too. You almost wonder if he had a street name like that because he knew court personel using the word nigger would set people off. 




 Not to mention whenever I see or hear "the N word" it just reminds me of when everyone's in kindergarten, you know? There's that one snitch who rats people out for saying "the D word" or something. But that's strictly a pet peeve.  




 Bloomberg is so slimy. I find this move hard to trust. 




 Agreed. I believe the government should help the needy and prevent discrimination. Beyond that, I want them to leave everyone alone.  




 In that same vein, /r/Sharktits. 




 Doesn't censoring the word just make it look like we're all afraid of it? We can say the word 'nigger' when we're condemning it. It's a word. It only has as much power as it's given. That it was censored so many times in the article struck me as childish. 




 Is this a Chriddof video? 




 [*Woooooooooooooooooosh*](https://youtu.be/W8gLCBEF348) 




 Enclave =/= temple 




 They're also too chicken shit to actually do anything about gun laws that need to go away (looking at you NFA classification laws) because then people might stop paying dues. I love guns, but the NRA can go right ahead and fuck themselves. 




 Odd, the connotation that liberal has. It seems like it should mean one who wants to be left alone to do whatever, not someone who believes in laws protecting equality and social safety nets for the disadvantaged. It makes identifying myself politically rather tricky, from a strictly semantic point of view. 




 This subreddit fills me with such hope for the human race. 




 If someone doesn't believe in a magic sky baby, they're clearly bad in the sack. 




 And a large portion would rather be Russian than gravitate towards Europe. That should say something, too.

Oh, and I believe they already had access to that infrastructure under the terms of the lease of Crimea anyway. I could be wrong. 




 Nah, that's too reasonable for this thread. 




 Siezing? Most Crimeans didn't even want to be a part of the Ukraine and wanted to rejoin Russia. That's been pretty widely known since at least 1992. Agree with the Russians or not, they liberated Crimea. 




 When will people stop trusting Ukrainian sources? They're just as biased, if not moreso, than Russian sources. 




 I'm going to share that one with him. It'll amuse the hell out of him, I'm sure. 




 True story, backed up by my grandma and his album of pics from the occupation in Japan: he made Tech Sgt (or some other rate, I can't recall which at the moment) three times. He would often fight and box off hours and get busted down as a reprimand when their unit commander found out. Made decent money at it and to this day has good bone structure, so I imagine he was really good at it. 

So Hirohito had plenty to be afraid of. 




 That's a tough pill to swallow without reputable citations. Everything I ever heard made it sound like the man was against slavery.

Edit: meant to say 'without citation.' 




 My grandpa had me convinced that Japan surrendered not due to the Atom Bomb, but due to the fact that Hirohito heard he was coming. I was well into Kindergarten by the time I wised up. 




 I'm pretty sure he also wanted nothing but reconciliation after the war and had respect on both sides of the Mason Dixon at the time. I'm not sure OP is right about him not being a good guy. He just loved Virginia more than he loved the US and saw himself as raising arms in his state's defense. 














 So it is. 




 Seems I never heard their Republican anthem either. Damn, that's badass. 




 Nah. I've got one leg. It's nothing terrifying. I'm talking about his face. It's much more terrifying than I've every seen it on the show. That's a rape face.

Okay, maybe it's *as* terrifying as the show. 




 I'm not denying that Russia's helping them out *a lot* more than they're admitting, but I think that the rebel movement did indeed start out from within. After all, Russians in Donetsk have been campaigning for independence [since December, 2005](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donetsk_Republic_%28political_party%29); so it's not without merit. People had obviously wanted it from within, so it really matters little if Russia is helping them out.

Similarly, most Crimeans wanted no involvement with Kiev since 1992. What Russia did there was liberation, not annexation. The people wanted it, so Kiev's opinion is really moot.

With all that said, Russia's play in Novorossiya is really quite difficult to predict. Many experts in the field of defense analysis see them as wanting to fuel a perpetual destabilization of the region, a-la Abkhazia, Ossetia or Transnistria, in order to keep the Ukraine as a buffer state, as are Georgia (which I really wish we'd call Sakartvelo in English, but that's another matter) and Moldavia. Others see Putin as a Hitler-esque landgrabber who will add every former Soviet republic back into Russia and cement his place amongst the Tsars and Premiers.

It's really hard what to tell. He's made a lot of moves in a lot of different directions. I believe he thinks he's doing what's best for ethnic and linguistic Russians all over Eastern Europe and sees himself as a protector and restorer of [Greater Rus'](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greater_Russia). There's no doubt that he's deeply patriotic and his strong moral initiatives, however deeply wrong and misguided they may be, show a deep desire to guide the future of Russian society. 

My prediction is that if he could, he'd bring Russia's borders back to where they were in 1917. Since that's incredibly unrealistic, however, he'll likely be content to sieze parts of the former Soviet Union and destabilize neighboring countries as deeply as possible to keep NATO off his border while expanding the membership of [CSTO](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Collective_Security_Treaty_Organization), the [EEU](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eurasian_Economic_Union), and the [CIS](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commonwealth_of_Independent_States) while expanding Russia's role and prestige within these groups for as long as he possibly can. The extent of that timeframe, however, is something I have no projections for.  




 Very likely. They're already listening to [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJcXzoFhBmM), anyway. All three, however, are more stirring and inspiring than the dour and depressing (though admittedly, emotional) anthem of the Ukraine, [Ukraine is Not Yet Dead.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzgViS4Rpf8) 




 But that sounds like rape. 




 A golden rock god? 









 Dennis looks absolutely terrifying. 




 I've always really liked the [National Anthem of the Donetsk People's Republic.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sL-_S_HH3pw) Many wouldn't consider it a real country, however, which is sort of sad to me. 




 I thought there was no better anthem than that of the [Donetsk People's Republic.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sL-_S_HH3pw) I was wrong. What is it with former Soviet lands and badass national anthems? 




 Well, if you have any suggestions on how to better run this sub, you're welcome to submit a mod message. You're rather quick to denounce us, but we care just as much about quality as you do, I assure you. The problem is that if we go about pruning posts and removing things, we inevitably draw the ire of groups like /r/subredditcancer and the like. 

So again, if you have a better system, we'd love to hear it. Shoot us a mod message.  




 I don't see what's so awful about it. Isn't that how voting in user submitted content aggregators is supposed to work? 




 Maybe people just like guns? I don't know. Reddit has always stricken me as pro-gun. I'm not all that surprised. 

Speaking of not surprised, I thought that this sub being mostly white was something of an open secret. 




 That's an adequate sentiment. I'm pretty sure camouflaging munitions flies in the face of some treaty or another, but I'm also pretty sure Russian armed forces weren't a party to said treaty. 

Anyway, I wasn't aware of such a kill record for the Bradley, but considering how many of them we had in theater and how outdated Iraqi armor was, I could quite believe it.

And you know, thinking about it, a lightly armored, upgunned, high speed tank that could be dropped out of a low flying C-130 to assist airborne infantry in rapidly destroying hostile objectives would be a sterling idea. I'd quite like to see that. It would be much more persistent than CAS missions or drone cover and the psychological impact of tanks in infantry warfare would make it a splendid piece of backup to augment any air deployed mission.

The only problem I could see would be getting it past acquisitions without having them butcher the thing.

Again, armchair military enthusiast. You probably know more about such things than I. Thanks for your service, by the way. 




 Brigaded as fuck? The submission is sitting on 3,583 points! That's hardly brigaded. 




 Got any lines for The Master? 




 If it's getting upvotes, that means someone's finding it creepy. If it's awful, report it. If enough people report it, we'll pull it. 




 People complained, we removed it. If it ain't creepy, report it. If enough people report it, it's gone. In this way, we can all work together to keep things creepy. 




 It's fine as a light tank, I guess, but isn't its place in modern doctrine somewhat dubious? Light tanks aren't really a thing. Their role has been filled by so many other systems that the whole armor thing was surrendered to main battle tanks. Therefore, the Bradley hasn't really got a tactical niche available to it that it can really excel in.

At least, that's my completely unprofessional armchair general evaluation. 




 Sure. This is a widespread and well known fact.

http://rt.com/usa/230707-guns-minority-bloomberg-newyork/

http://www.breitbart.com/video/2015/02/16/listen-audio-of-bloombergs-minorities-and-gun-control-remarks-from-aspen/

The guy is a bigoted loon and his remarks show what I think is great insight into his thinking. Oh, and when you consider that most gun laws in the United States were enacted as tools to keep slaves and freedmen from liberating and protecting themselves, it doesn't set the best moral foundation for gun control as a movement.

NINJA EDIT: Let's not forget that these anti gun campaigners have armed bodyguards and famed anti gunner Dianne Feinstein not only owns a revolver but even has a concealed weapons permit. I think they just want to keep guns out of the hands of common people, the same sort of people who just so happen to often be asian, black, brown, and of other non-white ethnicities. Gun control is far more racist than gun rights. 




 Get this guy ten percent more votes! Maybe he can summon Exodia for us. 




 Also, Michael Bloomberg - a famed anti gun advocate - supports disarming black people. OP seems to have misidentified the racists when it comes to the gun rights debate. 




 And there's no one there to raise them if you did. 




 Huh. Yeah, it's identical. 




 Thank you! 




 Kind of looks like something from Xenogears or maybe Sword Art Online. 




 Probably worked at a call center. I had no problem with making calls before I worked at a call center. Afterwards, I'd sooner dip my balls in molten lead than make a phone call. 




 [/r/nocontext](http://www.reddit.com/r/nocontext/comments/31hvfs/i_can_not_believe_the_post_became_about_peter/)
 









 The poor, dysfunctional Bradley. Meanwhile, BMPs are still chugging along just swimmingly. 




 Miskatonic U! Good to see my old alma mater is still pushing the thresholds of man's sciences and drawing back the veil of ignorance. 

Say, did the geology school ever release the report on that lost arctic expedition? 




 Nah. Star Insurance have been *so good* about letting people get to the game. I mean, it's not like it took us forever to get it rereleased, right? 




 Card paper, enamel, and bondo in my experience. 




 I really enjoyed this. I hope you don't mind, but as an aspiring voice over artist I wanted to try narrating it. [What do you think?](http://vocaroo.com/i/s0cN8uXOE2RH) 




 If you want to be technical, this difference is mostly academic to some Greeks. Indeed, many Greeks see themselves as the true and proper heirs to the Roman legacy. In fact, [an accepted ethnic self descriptor for the Greek people](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Names_of_the_Greeks#Romans_.28.E1.BF.AC.CF.89.CE.BC.CE.B1.E1.BF.96.CE.BF.CE.B9.29) is Rhomaioi, which descends from Rome. 




 Shouldn't it say "returned" to Greek control? It was Byzantine before it was Ottoman, after all. 




 Inspired by [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2v74dc/reddit_what_would_be_the_worst_2_in_1_product_ever/cof0qlr) thread some time ago. 




 There was anti-black sentiment everywhere. Still is. The South is just a lot easier to pin it on because it was much, much more visible here and because the Klan was founded here and lingered here a bit longer than it did in the Northeast. That's not to say that the north was free of racism, however. You've seen [this](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lynching#/media/File:ThomasShippAbramSmith.jpg) famous picture of a lynching, right? Marion, Indiana. 1930. 

Further, Martin Luther King, Jr led a famous march against housing discrimination (again, the main form it seems that non-Southern racism seemed to take) in Chicago, delivering this quote:

"Northern blacks were forced to live in a white man's democracy, and while not legally enslaved, subject to definition by their race. In their all-black communities, they continued to build their own churches and schools and to develop vigilance committees to protect members of the black community from hostility and violence."

[Here is a Wikipedia citation that has further examples of yankee racism.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Racial_segregation_in_the_United_States#In_the_North)

Now, again, publicly overt racism did linger a while longer in the South and persists still today in many parts south of the Mason-Dixon. However, the stereotyping of the South as the only racist region of the US is tremendously unfair to the region and all that we've done to bury these outmoded social mores.

I'd like to wager that we've come a long way, at least in my home state of Georgia. We've had black mayors in Atlanta for many years, black politicians elsewhere in the state, many of our wealthy and famous citizens are black, and we also sort of gave the world Martin Luther King, Jr. 

But this is all with somewhat scant research and just based off of conversations I've had with my grandparents about the era. While my expertise is history, I tend not to study social forces and racial dynamics as much as I study military history (principally of the US as a whole, the South, and Europe), so I will freely admit that I've got some details wrong. Therefore, you shouldn't consider this authoritative by any means. After all, I don't consider the Confederate battle flag by itself to be an evil thing and many take umbrage with that. (Note: the Confederate *national* flag is another matter and we really made a step backwards in Georgia by replacing our old flag with that.) That's another discussion, however, and I'm willing to bet that my premise of widespread racism is still quite certainly sound. 


Ninja edit: wow, that ended up being a longer rant than I thought it would be. 




 They certainly did in the north. They seemed to have a problem with that everywhere. But they didn't seem to get upset with how much money they had as long as black people weren't near them or around them. 

In the South, where pretty much everyone was poor anyway, it didn't seem to matter as much how close they lived - just as long as they weren't better off than white people *EDIT: or pursuing relationships with whites*. From what I've read and heard told, northerners were much more keen on keeping white parts of town white than that. But not knowing any old people from the north, I can't independently verify that. I just have my grandparents' stories to go off of. 




 Easy there, psycho. 




 I have heard it said that the north was just as bad as the South with racism, it was just expressed differently. In the South, for example, they wouldn't care how close black people got but it mattered how high they got. The inverse was true in the north. 

But that's just what I've heard.  




 That it does. 




 I want a prototype Soviet bullpup. Those things look awesome. 




 Kiev Post

Reliable journalism

Pick one. 

Still, it would be nice to see Novorossiya split off. They and Crimea clearly want no part of Kiev and the western half of the country's move towards the West. Why should they be dragged along? Slava Novorossiya. Slava Donbass. 




 And it's time for me to rewatch another show. 




 Not to mention that the Star Wars missile shield's efficacy is extremely dubious at best, at least according to several skeptical analyses. It's essentially a feel good tax pit. I mean, it takes the finest minds in rocket science to come up with solutions for taking out satellites with fixed orbits. That we could knock a MIRV ICBM out of the sky - fast moving, unpredictable missiles with variable targeting, mind you - is a very fanciful notion. 




 Many thanks. And good luck with your eye child, doctor.  




 Just another day. I've been on it since yesterday. It's not some sort of religious thing or anything, but my girlfriend is out of town and my own cooking is sufficient to make Chef Excellence himself retch, so I decided to see it as an opportunity to test myself and save the money that would ordinarily go to takeout for more constructive things.  




 It ain't a test of will for nothing, that's for sure. Many thanks! 




 And not a one of them was built before 1987. Shoutout to /r/RetroFuturism.  




 It's sort of the era when firearms technology wasn't *quite* fully matured, so we still saw a lot of experimentation and whatnot. Even cooler were some of the Soviet bullpup designs of roughly the same era. (Later, sure, but as I said - rough.) I mean, [look](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ee/TKB-011_rifle_1963_mod_Tula_State_Arms_museum.jpg) [at](http://41.media.tumblr.com/7a72e28a1515ba0c05c2bc27b8e75a19/tumblr_mt4turqlda1s57vgxo5_1280.jpg) [these](http://41.media.tumblr.com/47a9c5766f8652bdc6973df59d3a0377/tumblr_mt4turqlda1s57vgxo3_1280.jpg) [fucking](http://i.imgur.com/XJiuspE.jpg) [things!](http://i.imgur.com/OWju4GN.jpg) 




 I sort of wish they had, though. There were some really interesting prototypical weapons concepts floating around in 1959. 




 I'm not quite sure where to ask this, but this may be the best fit. Has anyone seen any reliable sites crop up with Donetsk People's Republic, Lugansk People's Republic, or Novorossiya conflict artifacts? I'm interested principally in flags, patches, and medals. 

As a side note, I've been looking for Transnistria militaria, too. 




 To be fair, we haven't totally phased it out. Yeah, it's in a DMR role now, but it's still used.

Also, perhaps they didn't think to use a prop futuristic rifle? 




 Go for it. 




 I enjoy raw potatoes, as well. I peel, and slice, and salt. Difference is, I soak them in boiling oil for a while. Makes all the difference in the world. 




 They defraud people. Torture isn't wholly unwarranted. 




 A gentleman I once knew worked in law enforcement. He told me to answer unusual phone numbers with "task force" or some variant thereof. It's sufficiently vague to make scammers shit themselves and go away - possibly delisting you, but not concrete enough to be incriminating or a legal offense. 




 I am a huge fan of Ashens - have been for years. Recently, I decided that as a test of will I'd go on a fast. Well, times got tough. In search of reinforcement to my fortitude, I turned to the [All Day Breakfast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aueah-mOjDI) review. And then to the 30 Year Old Food Parcel. And so on in that fashion.

Fast saved.

You're a champ, Ashens. Keep doing what you do with your ungodly, cast iron stomach.  




 We should give her a euphemism for a dash of the ol' damnatio memoriae. BW is a good jumping off point. I vote Butt Wipe. Anybody got anything better? 




 Fuck pollen, I want winter back. 




 That works better as a gif, I think. 




 I love that gif. What's the source? 




 That is some top tier body horror. Damn. 




 Got a lex link?
 




 Shemaghs? 




 But the magic of black! 




 What we need to bring back is utility vests. 
























 Like some sort of Anime Instrumentality Project?

Also, OP, don't give Gawker sites ad money. They're a dreadful, awful company. 




 Is that what that is? 




  Life is never neat. Life is always bad.

That's poetic. 




 I'll have to watch this when I get home.

That was weird and not very on message. Why appeal to Soviet patriotism if you're going to ban Soviet symbols? Kiev have no idea what they're doing, do they? 









 Poroshenko using Soviet stuff? Got any direct links to that? 




 Oh, most definitely. If nothing else, his views on labor dynamics and class relations will form the basis of any worthwhile populist movement in this century. 




 Not for long. Not unless you liquidate the proletariat. 

What the 21st century needs is some sort of transhumanist techno-communism. That would be the best fit for humanity, I think.  




 As an actually disabled person, I think you're a disgusting sack of pig shit. What a lowlife. 




 No, thank you for bringing it to my attention. I just print screened. 




 Let's see. I haven't got a really long list, as I've only lived here for about half a month, but I really enjoy the Lunchbox. Their coffee is great. Gemelli has some pretty good coffee, too. Neither of these places is about coffee, however. I still need to try Fennarios. Perhaps that will be my next stop. 

As for what becomes of the old court annex, a park would be great. I'd also like to see it become another store - perhaps offering antiques or men's clothing.  




 It really isn't. One of the first things I noticed when I moved here is that there are so few chains in the pedestrian downtown. It's quite refreshing! The Starbucks stands as a big, ugly defiance of this and its prominence really adds to the insult. I'd be all for a campaign to ignore the West Chester Starbucks. There really are so many better places to have a cup of coffee that doesn't taste like burnt, leathery tar.  




 Oh, that's disappointing. 




 Maybe the dueling Starbucks could close each other down and we'll get more local coffee shops, instead. 




 That was awesome. Just in case anyone wants to use it, anywhere, [here's a high def grab of the ghouls part.](http://i.imgur.com/Zs62Lkq.jpg) 




 Plastic guns in general for me. 




 You're right! I meant the Dnepr. 




 Well, it would be a loose boundary. I was sort of vague about this, but of course much of the coast is staunchly Russian and they'd be left out of West Ukraine. Geologic boundaries are imperfect predictors of geopolitical loyalties, it's true. 




 That's ludicrous. The Ukraine should split - mostly along the course of the Dnepr - with the Eastern bank staying in the Russian sphere and the Western bank (minus, maybe, Odessa) pursuing a course for European integration. This seems like it would make everyone happy, minus imperialistic nationalists in Kiev. 




 I'd back that. 




 Star Wars: The Last Forcebender? 




 Thanks! Yeah, I know the Iron Cross doesn't quite belong but I don't really have a nice place to put it yet, so until I can organize a display for it with my other World War stuff, it's in the commie case. 

Principally, the case is filled with Soviet Union materials from the VMF. However, I put a few Red Army pins and Lenin pins in there because it's my only shadow box and I really liked them. Additionally, I've got an East German Red Banner of Labor 2nd Class in there that was much too gorgeous to leave in a dark drawer.  




 Lyrics from the comments section:

Chorus:

Wide is my Motherland,

Of her many forests, fields, and rivers!

I know of no other such country

Where a man can breathe so freely.



From Moscow to the borders,

From the southern mountains to the northern sea

A man stands as a master

Over his vast Motherland.



Throughout life, and freely and widely,

Just like the Volga flows.

The youth are always dear to us,

The old are always honoured by us.



Chorus



Our fields are too wide for the eyes,

Our cities are too many to remember,

Our proud word - comrade -

To us is higher than all fine words.



With this word everywhere we feel at home.

For us there are no blacks or coloureds.

This word is familiar to everyone,

With it we always find friends.



Chorus



Over the country, the spring breeze is blowing.

Every day life becomes more joyful,

And no one on earth could know

Our great ways of laughter and love.



But our brows shall frown sternly

If an enemy attempts to break us.

As a bride, we love our Motherland,

We protect her, as a gentle mother.


Chorus
 




 Ham fisted propaganda operating from a flawed premise. Not a fan. 




 And yes, I'm aware this isn't the best shadowboxing job ever. Still, let me know if you have any questions! 









 Sorry my voice isn't deep enough for you. I guess you aren't a fan of Billy West then, are you? Thanks for taking your precious time to let everybody know of your displeasure, kind sir. You're a saint and a tastemaker. 




 She really was the least likeable character. She worked well with Dale, though, so I tolerate her episodes  




 All the more reason to stay the fuck out of Mississippi. 




 Glad you enjoyed it. 




 [So I'm not Ron Perlman, but I felt like narrating this.](http://vocaroo.com/i/s1ZmdCoYSiqr) If anyone has a slideshow of derpy Fallout Scrolls pics to set this to, feel free to make an intro video because that's the collaborative power of the interbutts. 




 We just lost the counterbalance that we had in the Soviets. Without the narrative of us vs. the Communists, our dickery becomes much more evident. 




 You can use it without being spiteful. Not only is it just as grammatically correct, but to many aesthetic tastes it sounds better. It's just as valid, so if it's his preference let him use it. I use the article for much the same reason: the Ukraine just sounds better. 




 OP is half from the Ukraine. Did you not read his reasoning? It has to do with his distaste for nationalist nitpickers who first dropped the article from the name. Christ. Calling it 'the' Ukraine doesn't make it any less of a country in anybody's eyes. 




 The way the US wages war is counter to conventional military thought. The United States and its allies wage war not for victory or the elimination of threats but for the enforcement of global hegemony, the protection of business interests, and the collection of resources. Peace will not arrive because we intentionally drop just enough bombs to enforce our will while still leaving enough room to produce more bombs and keep the military-industrial complex chugging along. 




 I'm glad to see that song getting some much deserved love. It really is one of the best pieces of music in Star Wars. 




 I'd love to read that! Link me if you do! 




 How is this dark? We're going to get healthy, smarter human beings out of this tech. As a disabled person who was born with a congenital birth defect, I strongly encourage everybody reading this to consider the great gains our society and our species will make by shaping its own genetic destiny.

The only hazard is that we must ensure that this technology is widespread. Concentrating it in corporate or government hands will inevitably warp our species into something that is morally unwholesome. Allowing everybody access to these tools will force a level of oversight and fairness that will drive us into a new age of biological prosperity.  




 You're quite welcome! It was great practice for me, and I'm happy to do so. 




 Maybe "Republic of Abkhazia" was next to "Republic of China" in a menu somewhere and whoever was in charge of the graphics was terminally bored and careless? I dunno. 




 Never censor yourself. You're an American! Censorship doesn't apply in the land of the free! 




 Yep. They also used that song during the scene where the dictator is dancing with the globe. However, they cut it out mid way through during that scene as the globe bursts in his hands, just before the music swells to its climax. It is only allowed to finish during the Jewish peasant's speech at the end, providing a subtle thematic contrast that I missed the first few times I watched the movie. 

Given the Nazis' fondness for Richard Wagner, I found everything about the way they used Lohengrin in the film to be absolutely perfect. When evil men co-opt beautiful things, the artistic community has a duty to take such things back from them. This, I think, was done exceptionally in that film. 




 I didn't think you were. I was just offering my (admittedly unasked for) opinion on the scene and the music used in it.  




 [I like to narrate things. Your story had me enthralled, so I simply had to take a crack at it.](http://vocaroo.com/i/s1cESuWHJHRr) 




 Hans Zimmer is okay, but no composer can match the emotional resonance of Wagner. The usage of the prelude for Lohengrin there was absolutely perfect, especially given how the Nazis were co-opting so much of the composer's music for their own purposes at the time. Everything about that scene is utterly perfect. 




 This is an idiotic comparison. Bombing for peace will, ultimately, eliminate your adversaries and establish peace. The means are ugly, but the end result is the same. Fucking for virginity will ensure that there are no virgins left. This is an awful analogy and the person who half baked it should feel bad. 




 I challenge you to find spare parts for slavshit anywhere but the internet outside of a gun show. 




 Gun shows, in my experience, are extremely reputable and everyone there is really nice - if a bit right of center politically. You can certainly find better prices, though. 




 Since Stolichnaya is now made in Latvia, Russian Standard is the best Russian vodka you can get in the states, in my experience. Since Russian vodka is the best vodka, it tends to be my preference. Scary or no, it's quite a cool looking label.  




 Gentlemen, you can't fight in here! This is the war room! 




 I don't get what's so funny. The Transnistrians are, if anything, the aggrieved party. They've got nothing in common with the Nazis. 




 The highlight? He was good, but Ian McDiarmid would like a word with you. 




 Semi-related, but speaking of ripoffs, ever hear about how TAPPY ripped off the Metal Gear Solid theme music? 




 Your move, ecologists. 




 What, how he ripped off Mars for the Imperial March? 




 Well if we're talking "reals" then the Americans would have evaporated any British forts on American soil during the Revolutionary War. How is American secession from Britain more justified than Southern secession from the US? 




 Not sure why you're being downvoted. Lincoln recontextualized the war to be about ending slavery after it proved unpopular at home. Llincoln was perfectly content to let the South keep its slaves, he just didn't want the dread institution to spread beyond where it already was. It didn't hurt that he was also eager to keep a solid market for Northern agricultural equipment under his thumb and had a keen, overarching sense of patriotism that made the notion of Southern sovereignty unthinkable to him. 




 Seeing as how Sumter was on South Carolina's soil, they probably felt they had the right. They probably felt the Union troops were there unjustly. 




 Well, I'm eager to read it. 




 No, they have to blow it down. 




 Poignant and desolate. A bit short, but it certainly made for an intriguing read. 




 The hell is Trigger Warning? MI6 vs Tumblr? 




 This place is obnoxiously pro Kiev. I hardly even comment here anymore. They've made up their minds and won't listen to any reasoning from the separatist camp. You're spinning your wheels, mate. 




 And it was brilliant. Thanks aplenty!  




 This is quite entertaining. Can't wait for the next part! 




 I really like this a lot. I'm sure you'll have an audience if you feel inclined to keep writing it. 




 I rather liked that. Good work. 




 Provided the place hasn't succombed to structural collapse by now, what's going on? Maybe the place did implode and passing ships are affected by savagely evolved former humans? I have a hankering to hear people's wildest, most outlandish stories about what Rapture would possibly be like, given enough time. 




 Remarkable? Sadly, I suppose there isn't. But such things are certainly anti populist. 




 He's in favor of magazine capacity limits, increased waiting periods, and has been rated F on gun rights by the NRA. As an armed proletariat is essential to safeguarding civil liberty, I can't say his views are entirely populist. 




 His stance on guns is remarkably anti populist. Beyond that, he seems fine to me.  




 The American people just aren't buying gun control. Good on us, but I really wish we'd hold to income equality and campaign finance reform as fervently as we do gun freedoms. 




 I don't know. Any movement that holds Andrea Dworkin as a reputable academic has got to be sort of fishy. 




 You're my hero.

Also, what the hell? Mandalore System? Super Commandos? When did this come out and how in the royal fuck did they guess that much? 




 I was thinking that Sidious would be the Lord of Manipulation, seeing as how he's the king of all puppet masters. 

In a way, a special and twisted way, one could imagine that Vader has assumed the mantle of Darth Traya. There must *always* be a Darth Traya, one that holds the knowledge of betrayal. Who has been betrayed in their heart, and will betray in turn.


Other suggestions:

Darth Krayt: Lord of Fury

Darth Bane: Lord of Shadows

Darth Plagueis: Lord of Ambition

Darth(?) Lumiya: Lady of Vengeance 

Darth Malak: Lord of Destruction

Darth Revan: Lord of Change

Tulak Hord: Lord of Combat

Darth Andeddu: Lord of Decay

Darth Bandon: Lord of Envy 




 And yet there's still no Russian course. 




 I have *got* to find those. 




 Aldi is where it's at. 




 Handicapped person, here. Also, minor teir germophobe. I pretty much always wear gloves. 




 Are you a fan of pickled cucumbers? Or law enforcement? 




 At Dragoncon every year, the Mandalorian Mercs cosplay group figures quite prominently in the cosplay community. I've got to tell you, those are some of the fittest people I've ever seen. A few of them even lug around metal armor. Metal! On a parade route! Nerds can into fitness, for sure. 




 I'm pretty sure imbecile is in children's shows. I have a theory that slurs lose their bite if you don't set them aside from other words and act like a scared little shit about them. The best way to let cripple, nigger, fag, and other choice words lose their effectiveness is to use the hell out of them, I think. I mean, ever hear what scumbag used to mean? 




 Just golf club them in the the knees, then see how they feel about ramps. 




 C-c-crip for l-life. (I haven't seen that episode in forever.) 




 Never knew that. I always just listened to his music and knew he was Russian.  




 We have to keep going, though. Retarded is the new imbecile. Handicapped is the new crippled. Keep the euphemism treadmill going, this is not a sisyphean exercise in futility. 




 I was unaware of it, but it sounds like the most idiotic thing to come out of social justice since the fiftieth anime inspired gender they pulled out of their collective ass. 




 Dragunov? Uses just regular old 7.62x54R.  




 A 9mm will kill too, bud. Pretty much any caliber will kill. Many police departments use 9mms. I'm pretty sure a 9mm started all this bullshit. 




 Wait, I thought they called that "cis white hetero males existing literally anywhere doing literally anything." 




 Can't use Tchaikovsky, though. Guy was white and therefore privileged. Why not just use the soothing sounds of mother earth as your triumphal explosion soundtrack? 




 I'm in a fucking wheelchair and I cringe whenever people start in with this "disabled is not PC" shit. Bitch, you're not the cripple - I'm the cripple. Stop falling all over yourselves to outwhine each other and look more PC so we can actually fix things that matter for disabled folks. You're all idiots.

Also, what the fuck even is kyriarchy? 




 Well done, man. Well done. 




 As a guy in a wheelchair, I can never help but roll my eyes when fat people say *they* aren't being accommodated. It's quite annoying. 




 Reconstruction couldn't even fully fix the damage he wrought. Yet here are all these people in this thread calling him a badass and celebrating his legacy. It bewilders me. 




 What do you like about him? 




 That's the war, not the action in the context of the war. Not even going into the vast differences between the Nazis and the Confederacy, I'm pretty sure few would defend the firebombing of Dresden and Tokyo or any other large scale campaigns against civilian centers in World War II. Why do people seem so quick to glorify Sherman, then?

 




 Killed and plundered from civilians? Burned down cities? Pretty sure that makes a terrorist in any context. Part of his doctrine in the March to the Sea was warfare by terror, breaking Georgia's will to fight. 




 Speaking as a Georgian, that man was a terrorist. If the Union had lost, Sherman would be spoken of as the monster he was. He burned down a city full of civilians, my hometown. 150 years ago or no, he's still a rat bastard. That he's remembered as a hero and tactician infuriates me to no end. 




 You're not wrong, I just felt that the CGI toylike art style they went with was a bad stylistic choice for capturing the Star Wars story and what it, to me, is all about. Art being subjective as it is, though, your opinion is just as right as mine. I hear they do a lot of cool stuff with the Mandalorian Death Watch and Darth Maul, later, so I do really wish I could enjoy it but the art style just keeps sucking me out of it. Maybe I'll just read scripts. 




 Maybe I'm the outlier, but I could never get past the art style. I hear the writing gets better, but it just hurts to look at. 




 Wasn't that Event Horizon, too? 




 Sure, but it's not on wikipedia. What people do and what the law says are totally different things. 




 It was used in the West for quite some time as a good luck symbol, rather similarly to four leaf clovers. It makes perfect sense as a symbol a political party would want to claim.  




 It's not by itself an unpleasant symbol. I wish we could take it, and many of the other things the Nazis ruined with their evil deeds, back for use by normal, upstanding people. 

Sincerely, a guy who likes Richard Wagner music, neoclassical architecture, closed collar military uniforms and the aesthetic of the swastika. 

Oh, PS, if we could have Hindus in the west use it without getting odd looks, that would be a nice start. 




 Good on them. I can never stand to see a foolish law being obeyed. 









 Isn't that thing subject to some bizarre rule governing photographs of it? 




 Because the Ukraine are supposed to be the "good guys." Nevermind that Poroshenko is the same shit as Yanukovych. He's pro West, so he's a good guy. 




 I seem to see a preponderance of sites from the Ukraine, but that could be because I go to /r/UkrainianConflict and they've got a rather pro-Kiev bent.  




 Limits? I wasn't aware this was Oceania. Hail BB, hail Ingsoc. *Fascist.* 




 Huh. Well that's uncomfortable. 




 Wait, where was that poem hidden? 




 Here's hoping we can quickly silence the harmful little diarrhea chugger. 




 This isn't free speech anymore than shouting fire in a crowded theater is free speech. Free speech is never a bad thing, and Australia's rather repressive system is not one I'd be keen to emulate. 




 My micronation (the Soviet Socialist Republic of Lindengau) declares war over this grievous human rights disaster. 

What? Micronations can go to war. Molossia has been at war with East Germany for years. Years! Hell, I'm pretty sure Sealand is still pissy at non East German Germany after that coup they had. 




 Societies and civilizations tend to fall apart under such conditions. 




 Not 40k? Not interested. 




 I first heard this after it was used to amazing effect in [The Hidden People](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tt5lB-RoAi4). Great animation, high recommend.  




 Lots of white people in that protest against white people. 




 Hopefully the DPR will put a stop to the looting. 




 Super Cliff-racers. 




 Yeah. You're supposed to, though. Also, as a disabled guy, I found the handyman particularly resonant. I wish more games would explore such themes, as I found any information on the handyman to be quite fascinating. 




 Columbian biotech augmentations are certainly much less advanced. Granted, I feel like Suchong didn't do much better than Fink at making his abhuman creations, but he at least masked or sublimated their pain more effectively.

Then again, Fink being the ruthless, plagiarizing capitalist that he is, he probably just didn't care to copy anything but the essentials. There's the possibility that he couldn't get it working with Columbia's slightly less advanced laboratories and much more rigidly religious approach to the sciences, however. Maybe it's even a combination of these reasons. 




 It seems to me that if you want someone to go away, writing SJ baiting outrage pieces only gives your target more noteriety. I and a lot of other people here hadn't even heard of Beer Wench until now. Sex sells, and if she wants to use the old bar wench trope to promote herself, it flies in the face of equality to tell her she can't. 




 Two cities? More like Rapture and Columbia. Your move, lerminerty. 




 Thanks for the recommendation. I'm moving out soon, but I'll do what I can. 




 Well, I have been taking them food and I know many neighbors have. In the long term, the colony needs to be fixed. In the short term, however, I think these kittens will be alright. 




 Every relocation and neutering program I've found wants me to take them there, seeing as how this is rural Georgia and our animal control is poorly funded at best. I would take them all myself, but I'm in a wheelchair and don't drive. 









 Sad and true 




 Perhaps I should say sapient? They don't ponder or wonder or imagine. They're clever, but they aren't sapient. Speaking of pain, you do know that plants can feel pain, right? They react to the stimulus of pain in some really interesting and shocking ways, it turns out. If we're using pain as a benchmark, we're going to have to learn to live off of solar energy or something.

Nice appeals to emotion, by the way. Emotion has no place in debate. 




 They're not people and not sentient, so it's irrelevant. They're livestock. 




 Sure, but they desired meat. 




 Maybe more fit for /r/Headcanon. 




 Such democracy. 




 Politicizing children. Classy. 




 It's 2015. How do regimes as backwards and repressive as the Saudis still exist? 




 Tell me your wisdom, butterfly.

"Fuck Chechnya"

And then we went to war. 




 It looks so perfectly like a dopey, happy go lucky guy with a pompadour.  




 I typically give children bottles of vodka and a razor. It'll toughen you up and get you ready for the real world, you sheltered little shit. 




 Reply:

"That's okay. I won't get him anything."  




 Damn. Sucks if they're immortal. 




 21 days ago

Talk about a blast from the past. On a fairly large subreddit. Why'd you dig this up?

Anyway, I'm not talking about blood sport. I'm talking about the public seeing a function of the state. We open court trials, after all. This is a similar principal. 

Anyway, I'm on my phone and can't type my full thoughts on the matter. 









 Wait, then what the hell happened to Pubertus? 




 LIAR. YOU ARE A LIAR. IT LIES. 




 This is the same fucking shit. The Ukraine will never get better. 




 And does OP care to share with us? 




 Holy shit that one was good. I think it could be expanded upon. 




 For real. Can't stand the heat? Get out of horror. Trigger warnings absolutely kill suspense. Goddamn. 




 Kind of ruined any surprise that might have come of it, though. 




 That's a BDRM(?) varient I've never seen. Some oddball version specific to the Ukraine? 
























 Is that modded in? I don't remember that line. 




 Any chance of one specific to the American South? 




 Without Kojima around, I doubt Konami will be able to make another proper Metal Gear. 




 I thought for sure Bayonetta 1 and 2 were making them some money. 




 So is there a meet up happening today? If so, where and when? 




 Something something neurodiversity! /s 









 Thank you. Thank you so much. 




 Neither do the Germans. Hell, these days I'd back the Polish army over theirs. 




 I now really want to see art of Spongebob Hankhill. Or Hankbob Squarehill. Whatever. 




 Sounds like an excuse for more totalitarian "security" measures, if you ask me. 




 That sure would be neat. 




 It would also explain why they have it in their heads to dip people and seem to be able to throw together a semi-organized raiding party despite having the IQ of a damp sandwich. It's all half remembered orders from the smarties. 




 Literally everybody on air is asleep. People in the background? Head desk. Anchors? Slumped. Morning show hosts? Couch nappin'. Even the announcers are replaced with snores. 




 Maybe there was a schism in the mutie ranks at some point. I mean, Vault 87 looks to have been the scene of a fair deal of fighting and FEV is spewed about all over the place. Maybe some smarter muties arose and used centaurs to ferry some quantity of FEV out into the world.  




 NEED. MORE. GREEN STUFF! 




 You've got some pretty good LPs, there. Subbed and liking. 




 Looking at their complexion, I'd imagine we're going to be dealing Vault 87 mutants again. Wonder what brought them out to Boston? Has DC been utterly depopulated? It seemed to be on the mend when we left it. 




 I'm glad you enjoyed it! I really wonder how they're going to fit into the story. 




 The only real explanation I've seen on here. Well done. 




 And how exactly is Moscow telling Kishinev what to do? You seem to be of the opinion that it should federate, which the vastly weakened Russian caucus would be against. I doubt, however, that a decision made in Moscow would have any bearing on letting Transnistria go entirely.  




 If I had bought and paid for the building, sure. However, this isn't a fair comparison. It sounds to me sort of like the "stranger in the house" argument in American politics regarding illegal immigration. You can't reduce demographic and independence problems down to an individual level like that and expect it to hold the same meaning. 




 No, no. I was never talking about reintegrating Transnistria. I think Kishinev should let it be independent.  




 Sure, much like the DPR and LPR. But I thought the Alliance for Euro Integration was pretty huge in Moldova right now and the Russian lobby was failing. 




 Sure, but Moscow isn't calling the shots in Tiraspol directly. Besides, Kishinev could just renounce its claim to Transnistria and pursue membership in NATO and the EU without issue since its territory would be uncontested then. 




 I don't get it. If Transnistria has been so adamant about wanting to leave Moldova that they've been running themselves since the Soviet Union fell, why doesn't Kishinev just let them leave? There comes a time when trying to reclaim secessionist regions becomes pig headed and pointless. 




 Celebrity deaths rarely affect me, but I'll make an exception this time. Guy was an absolutely amazing person. 




 Sfine. I appreciate the sentiment all the same. 




 They can, they'd just look like giant hypocrites if they did. OH WAIT 




 Tons of people are doing just that. Voat, among others, will grow larger. By alienating its subscriber base, reddit is really shooting itself in the foot. 




 Default mod, here. Do you intend on banning SRS, /u/ekjp? 




 And as usual, you won't see the admins say shit about banning SRS.  




 Perhaps even he, with his vast wealth, lacked the ability to protect the entirety of the US. Perhaps he knew that tipping his hand would cause a run on Vegas. Perhaps he could only save Vegas and was forced to let the rest of the nation burn. This is all speculation, however. 




 The House always wins. 




 Where we're going, we won't need blogs to spout inane opinions. 




 I don't know, I've been to Berkeley. Plenty of homeless in the Bay. 




 "Oh death... Oh deeeaaath! Won't you spare me over til another day?" 




 And now you shall notice it everywhere. 




 Good idea. Will do! 




 This firearm is very special to me, and I thought I'd share it with the world. It's not the rarest weapon around, but I love it dearly. 




 /r/keming  




 Isn't it, though? 




 Where do Chaos Space Marines come from? Today on Dirty Jobs, we're going to find out! Join us as we venture to Khalan-Gol, to the pit of the [Daemonculabae!](http://wh40k.lexicanum.com/wiki/Daemonculaba) 




 Aren't all of the fossil fuels supposed to be gone by then, anyway? 




 We probably would have seen Ernst Tallmann being more successful with the German Communists. The 30s and 40s would then have seen a German-Soviet alliance that would have been quite interesting to observe. 




 Good on you. 




 See to it that it's never repaired. Things like that tell a story, and history should always be preserved. 




 I had just poured some coffee there and it dried. Proooooobably should have wiped it down, actually. 




 Here you go

https://youtu.be/DOGhCwSlx10 




 Oh wow, the man himself watched my video. My local discount shop has tons more stuff like this. I'll have to send some of it along. 




 Many piles of thanks! 




 Not a bad choice, and Sig do have a US based subsidiary, which is requisite for defense contracts IIRC. 




 I'd love to see that, especially given how fun they were in New Vegas, but somehow I don't see Bethesda doing that. Maybe they'd come up with a stealth variant of Vault 87 mutants, but given Bethsoft's reticence to delve too deep into Interplay/Black Isle's lore... 




 My money is on Vault 87 muties. Bethesda seems to stick to their own lore and I don't see them coming up with a new origin for mutants unless it's a huge part of the story - something that would feature in the trailer. That's my two cents, anyway. 




 How is nobody talking about the fact that screenshot five is obviously about supermutants? 




 I'd scrap the M9 entirely, to be honest. A polymer framed, striker fired .45 would be the best bet. Probably a 9mm due to NATO requirements. Give it to Glock USA or maybe Smith and Wesson. Maybe.  




 That seems to be the consensus. The disagreement is which bloated contractor should the Pentagon pick to produce the gas piston M4 successor.  




 Guy has an American flag, comrade. He believes he can any honor he wants.  




 Foreign number three! 




 Battlestar Galactica 




 Sounds good to me, then. 




 That's near the table top game store, isn't it? I'd be on board for that. 




 Sheesh. More like /r/shittyvexillology. This is Liberia tier.  




 Beautiful. An artistic tour de force. 




 I never found the concept of race based privilege to make complete sense. If being white gives you all of these advantages, why is rural Appalachia still so poorly off? Why are whites so often passed over for promotions in the world of business?  




 I'm something of a gun guy, and I find it incredible that we spend so much money on these competitions just to eventually settle up on basically unchanged M16 family rifles. Oh, and don't even get me started on how much of a clusterfuck the M9 replacement is being. 




 We could have sent every college student since '96 to school with that money, I'd bet. 




 Hey, I'm glad you enjoyed it. Fantastic firearm, isn't it? I can't imagine anything I'd love to carry more than mine.  




 Seems rather demoralizing to actually list trains as destroyed, don't you think? 




 It's certainly good enough for here. Fine rifle, even if black plastic on a slav gun isn't how I'd do things. 




 Just like how they ground up, distilled, and drank Boris Yeltsin.  




 Thanks! I'm really glad you liked it.  




 I consider myself an amateur with this stuff, so I can't speak to it as well as I'd like; but I'd consider acid weed's stronger older brother with more world experience and also he's probably been to other countries or something. As introspective and thought provoking as weed can be, it's also much more mellow (in my experience) and less powerful than acid. You can function, to an extent, after a joint. Acid, meanwhile, sort of forces you to sit back and observe and think. It's very powerful that way. You're really forced to take note of the trip and experience everything that's going on. It's definitely not to be taken lightly, but it's much more "magical." 




 It really forces you to appreciate what a powerful and profound force neurochemistry is. Not a lot of people fully appreciate that, seeing as how very few people read about it and consider the various chemical compounds swirling around in our skulls. On a deeper level, it makes you consider the very essence of consciousness - that such a small dosage of a tasteless, odorless chemical can so drastically alter your perception. Years on, I still find myself returning to that first trip and considering it. It's something I'd recommend everybody (barring certain people with genetic histories of mental illness or of weak constitution) experience if for nothing else than the shift of perception it gives you.  




 Did you see that huge flying city at the American pavilion? Columbia, I think it was called. Pretty neat. Shame we don't know what happened to it. 




 The first time I ever tried acid was on a fluke. A friend of a friend had some and we found ourselves each with a hit of it. Nothing seemed to happen for the longest time after I put it in my mouth. I thought I'd been duped. But then, slowly, a sort of creeping magic overtook the surface of everything I looked at. Time and proportion seemed to fall away, or at least become less important. Insight and inspiration were behind every dust mote, and everything seemed to be either profound or hilarious. It was a wonderful experience and I consider myself fortunate to have had it.

EDIT: If you're going to try acid for the first time, the environment you're in and the people you're with are key to having a good trip. I was with my girlfriend (who I love dearly) in a clean room with Futurama on the TV. This is just about as good a setup as you can get. In retrospect, I'd have put some more interesting patterns on the wall to enjoy or some more fresh fruit on hand (it makes fruit taste AMAZING) but the point here is that [set and setting](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Set_and_setting) are absolutely key here. 




 I think when they readopted the Byelorussian SSR's flag, they went back and changed the meaning of it so they could keep the Soviet nostalgia of it without actually being, erm, Soviet. 




 It lacks the same impact. When I hold a letter, I think of the time someone sent writing it, mailing it, and waiting for a reply. That, to me, makes the message received much more meaningful than just a text message saying "yo ur fukkin opinion is rong" or something.  




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reductio_ad_Hitlerum 




 Well, when something is apolitical, you can use whatever aesthetic you please. As I'm still not really convinced that using the article is all that terrible, I think I'm going to continue to do it. I've not seen it reliably demonstrated that there's any reason to be offended by it other than insecurity.  




 I've studied a bit of Russian and a smattering of Ukrainian, but doesn't the Russian name of the Ukraine translate to the borderlands while the Ukrainian name translates to the land/country/nation? The on/in question is a wholly different matter, but it seems like people pushing for the English language to drop the article seem to be saying that we should think of their name as a Russian word rather than a Ukrainian word. 

I still just don't see it as being tied to the notion of a "Russian world" or other forms of revanchism. It's old fashioned, sure, but it also works much better aesthetically.  




 See, people act like I'm insane when I say I love the South and Southern culture. I really do. Southerners are inventive, warm people who have genuinely done quite a lot of clever innovation and have contributed a lot to the United States and the world as a whole. The South deserves better than the wave of religiosity and the perception of bigotry it's saddled with.  




 How do you figure? What logic lead you to that assumption? 

After all, the Netherlands just means "the lowlands." Similarly, the Ukraine means "the borderlands." Nobody is disputing either of these countries and wanting to be rid of the article smacks more of sad insecurity than any sort of pride or anything. 




 It would if they identified as Mexican and the land they lived on had been in their family for quite some time. We need to look at what people want, not what central governments want. 




 Because Putin is literally Hitler, right?

Anyway, plenty of polls were done before the reacession of Crimea which backed up that popular Crimean opinion leaned towards Russia.  




 Aren't de facto maps used in many contexts anyway? You know, the ones where a productive use is relying on those maps? They're more utilitarian, so I say why not? 




 conquering

You don't seem to be fimiliar with the history of the region. Most of the people there are ethnically Russian, everybody speaks Russian, and nobody there likes Kiev. It was only ever made Ukrainian for the administrative convenience of the GOSPLAN of the Central Soviet. Since there is no Central Soviet anymore, there's no reason for it to belong to the Ukraine. As a Ukrainian Crimea makes little sense and people living on Crimea are Russian, to call Crimea conquered is pandering to Kiev's perspective. 




 The Crimea is a part of Russia, though. It's high time we started updating maps to coincide with reality.  




 No more than "the" Philippines is offense, or "the" Netherlands. How about "the" United States? "El" Salvador? The the is fine. 

EDIT: Randumtoon has edited his comment. It originally just said that "The Ukraine is offensive." 




 The Ukraine works just fine, is etymologically more correct, and really sounds better. The article was only dropped to apppease insecure nationalists who somehow thought the article was harming their national image. Insecure. 

Now, one thing you seem to be forgetting is that political maps are already rife with bias. Taiwan, for example, is nearly always shown in a different color than mainland China in the West's maps. This occurs despite the fact that under international law, there is only one China. In addition, the status of Kashmir tends to be up to whoever is printing the map that day and many maps are already showing the disputed nation of Kosovo.

Put simply, political maps are all about perspective, and de facto maps are better. 

Edit: Besides, if it's all about Russian perspectives, where's Transnistria? 




 American attitudes are changing about a lot of things. Given time, I think prejudice against Muslims will abate.  




 You're absolutely right. Why it isn't reflected in more maps is beyond me. 




 The news makes a big stink about Islam and I'm not particularly keen on a lot of the canon in Islam (or Christianity, for that matter), but I have to say that every Muslim I've ever met has been extremely kind and they seem to take the good elements of the faith (charity, mercy, compassion) to heart. America could use more citizens like the Muslims we've got. I'm just sorry this sentiment isn't more common. 




  Crimea to Russia

Surprised you didn't get more shit about that. People get really touchy about that wherever I go. 




 The Ukraine is never getting it back. To think otherwise is delusional. 




 Boxcar, maybe? New Haven Pizza? A sketchy alley? 




 [Here you go.](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Yuuzhan_Vong#Pre-invasion)

And [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4sxWJISt_8) it is in game. 




 I'd love to go to one. Could we pick a wheelchair friendly venue? I don't want people busting their asses lifting me up steps, but I'd still very much enjoy attending. 




 Decades? Canderous Freakin' Ordo of the Mandalorian Supercommandos saw an advance scout - though unidentified as such - thousands of years before the main armada arrived. 




 Maybe? But unless OP is the guy who colorized it, it seems like it wouldn't be a problem to nip it off in paint or something. It detracts from the picture as a whole aesthetically and really cheapens it.

EDIT: Just noticed OP's name. D'oh. Nevermind. 




 Would have been better without the enormous banner ad. 




 Aren't we already? 




 No need for the quotation brackets, those women did quite a lot. As for Tubman, she did a huge deal as well but it was all sort of to do with abolitionism, not really nation building. I thought that's what people got on currency for. 

Not to sell her short, as she did a LOT for her causes, but I don't see her being as influential as Sakagawea.  




 She's an even better choice. We'd also have somebody involved in computing, that way, and it's possibly one of the most important innovations in civilized history. Great choice. 




 Ol' Honest Abe's already on two articles of currency, as is George Washington. Besides, nobody really uses the Sakagawea coin (even though there are scads of reasons why they should). Let's give her something that people actually bother with, like the $20. 




 I think this was an XKCD comic. 




 I'm not saying that Harriet Tubman wasn't prominent or notable or anything, but compared to all of that... Maybe we should pick a woman who accomplished more to be on the $20 if we're going to be replacing Andrew Jackson.

Maybe Eleanor Roosevelt? Sakagawea? General Margaret A. Brewer? 




 Welp. There goes my good mood. I think I'm going to tell my girlfriend how much I appreciate her today. 




 Ah hell, might as well get in on this. Congrats, OP. 




 OP poked a hole in an aloe plant and threaded a grass blade through it. 




 I searched and there doesn't seem to be such a thing. Odd.  




 I'd say I'm mediocre at best, but thanks for keeping the dream alive. 




 [Done](http://www.reddit.com/r/BasicIncome/comments/37myiw/the_new_relationship_between_workers_and/) 









 Well, this is still sadly relevant. 




 So basically everyone in the show is hitched to each other. Gotcha. 




 American, here. I've never met an Iranian who wasn't an immensely friendly person. Yours is a rich, beautiful culture with a lot to offer the world and your architecture is awe inspiring. If we could make nice with just one country on our current blacklist, Iran would be the one I'd pick. 




 Georgia, here. Can confirm. Back when I lived there, if you asked for a coke (or cocola) in some more rural places, they'd ask what kind of coke you wanted. Dr Pepper and Sprite were acceptable answers to this question. 




 This. Speaking as someone who tumblrinas might not consider privileged, the only privilege that matters is wealth. One could argue that all forms of discrimination stem from class differences. If you've got money, you've won. End of story. 




 It's like that rubbish flag of Earth if the Communists had won. 




 We were pretty damned close during the Korean War. Any of a number of things could have happened that would have allowed MacArthur to exercise his ultimate goal: glassing China. The Soviets, still not having split with their Chinese friends over destalinization, would have responded, deploying nuclear weapons on UN forces in Korea and possibly Japan. What happens from here is a little harder to call. Would the European theater have gone hot? Would nuclear responses against the United States and the Soviet Union happen? Would the conflict have somehow fail to escalate further due to reasons? Who can say. 




 Upvoting because I'd love to get some of those soundtracks. 




 De jure legality has nothing to do with what happens de facto. 




 If something is wrong with you and you happened to enjoy that, you can watch me review a fake poop machine [here.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZBn0dhxkIg) 




 George would then heroically sacrifice himself by casting his corrupted form into the swirling maw of the Reflecting Pool. Lincoln, battle scarred and embittered, would ascend the Golden Throne of the God Presidency of These United States to reign triumphant in honor and glory for a thousand years of American peace and prosperity. 

Meanwhile, in the twisted, corrupted outlands known as London, the corrupted form of Washington awakens; having been cast thither into the defiled and despoiled city by the tempestuous holy waters of the Mall. He has but one goal - the destruction of his former friend who did nothing while he was overrun by the creeping powers corruption. He rallies the mutant British to his cause, claiming for himself a new moniker...

King George. 




 There really ought to be a special subreddit for trashy pregnant people. It's a special level of trashy that just seems to go above and beyond. 




 [I had a go at narrating this.](http://vocaroo.com/i/s1Exd0PbvnAR) Hope you don't mind. As a wannabe narrator, practice is invaluable. 




 This is my sentiment. Better to be Firefly than the Simpsons, no? 




 calling the separatists terrorists

Stopped reading right about there. 




 There all is aching. 




 I'll have to see how much international postage is. If it's reasonable, I might send him a whole bunch of crap I've found in shops here. 




 Thank you! I actually have several videos of bizarre tatty products I've found in shops on my channel, if anybody wants to see them as well. I'm glad you enjoyed my video! I'll be sure to keep looking for crap to put in front of my webcam. 




 I'm not sure if it's allowed for me to post this here. If not, I'll remove it. 




 Reviewed [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DOGhCwSlx10), along with some other crap I found at the local off brand discount store. 




 I'll post a video here. It doesn't look like they are, but based on the build quality of the things, I really wouldn't be surprised if they were. 




 Even better! They have internet.org! 




  best and most prestigious medical institutes in India and by consequence, the world.

Uh huh. If you want to believe that, that's your business.  




 I wonder when someone will update Irrational's wikipedia page. It's obviously not a dead company. 




 I may open them up on YouTube for all to see and appreciate. They look fantastically awful. 




 You should be careful. Fox's copyright gestapo has been particularly vicious since they started licensing these hats. 




 Incidentally, you can make any semi loading weapon emulate automatic fire with next to no effort if you're willing to pay for the ammo. Look up bump firing. It's neat. 




 Maybe some mutants on a treadmill. 









 Sure. Just look at the huge amounts of output in Western animation ever since Flash became accepted. You have work that is in quite a few cases nearly indistinguishable from hand drawn being put out with a far lower expenditure of time, effort, and material at a much lower cost. Anime has been slow to adapt to these advances, but I think that as Japan as a whole is being forced to move away from older modes of thinking and acting, the traditional reticence that pervades many industries (including anime) will fall away by necessity and anime will adopt these new methods of production. 




 Likewise. 




 Sadly, child porn is quite a bit easier to make than a mil-spec fragmentation grenade. Something being illegal has no bearing on how easy it is to get. This is why gangs in countries with tight gun control can still get by with pissant little zip guns but can't break out any heavy machine guns. 




 No worries. Looking at my wording, what you said was a totally understandable reading of my comment. Few things piss me off more than know it alls, so I'd likely have posted the same thing as you if I had been in a certain sort of mood. 




 Lightning links are a thing for ARs, Drop In Auto Sears apparently exist for AKs. As neither of these are true automatic fire, however, and I would be curious to see the reliability of emulating sustained automatic fire in a civilian legal military pattern rifle. 




 I'm not assuming that it's impossible, just unlikely.  




 That's not as difficult. With enough time and patience, anybody with a lathe and a press can churn out a homemade Sten. Making a military hand grenade that looks just like the real thing may be more difficult.

It looks like it's an M67. Perhaps it came from a South American country and was smuggled up? It's relatively small and border control tends to look for firearms over explosives, so it's not inconceivable that it ended up here. I'm not sure if any South American countries use the M67, though.  




 It had to have been a dummy. Assuming this is in North America or Western Europe, where does one even *get* an active hand grenade? 




 They've got some really keen up and comers getting into the industry now. If they can solve the stagnation in storylines and a few other issues - for example, the universally awful working conditions - then I have every faith that the rising crop of anime directors and writers can keep the industry vibrant and relevant for years to come. 

Also, didn't Hiyao Miyazaki predict that the anime industry had two years left in it back in 2010?  




 Fascism is only fascism when it's against their opinion. Didn't you get the memo? 
























