 it has. http://www.reddit.com/r/eyebombing/comments/1oyukj/eyebombing_conan/  




 thank you! 




 noobish question, what's re-rolling?  




 Still available? 




 For a girl who's stuck in Socal, I miss Norcal. 




 Not to mention, Oakland is pretty beautiful... sometimes. Depends where you're at. 




 he IS SudokuDennis  




 Taste the rainbow...? 




 In the original book, the slippers were originally silver (something symbolic, don't remember what) and that they made the slippers ruby in the movie because it was the first movie shown in color... yeup...

Edit: by original book, I meant "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz" by L. Frank Baum 
























 I just need oneeeee A rank lightning. I got stuck with 3 A rank fillys at the start. :p Evolving filly was a pain. I got a lot of repeats. :(  




 My last four invokations were all Noel, The Puppeteer. Is my luck that shitty or are invokations lies :( My SO got Noel too, as well as my 'other' account. 

It seriously sucks that I haven't gotten anything other than Noel 




 UC Irvine doesn't have a football team... 




 Went through HUNDREDS of goody bags and haven't found any kittens :( (Okay, I lied, it was like a few bags) 




 It's a goody bag, not sure about the pumpkin pet.  









 it's waves of monsters with like 2k health WAVES. you get like a bunch of mini bosses, mourning wood included. Got to wave 10 with my friend.  




 i'm stuck at 34 candies :( 




 unrelated: i can't get my candies. I press and hold and it says "trick or treat" but nothing happens and goes back to if I never press and held it. 
























 Teemo is such a butt turd licking butt. I want my oracles back ;-; The only pure enjoyment I have when fighting against a Teemo is killing him. 

(My boyfriend and I have a great relationship. :P He hates it when I give him skins, too much pride in that man. We just both dislike Teemo...) 




 If you get gifted with a skin on sale lower than 520 with a higher base price, you'll get a refund. So, technically you're not allowed to get gifted skins on sale. :(  




 Gifted my boyfriend two teemo skins... He hates me and our relationship is in ruins. Thanks teemo  




 Is it me or is the PC one only listing the base price with no sale? I've been wanting this expansion for a while. 




 THANK YOU! I didn't know which kind of tutorial video to watch :( 




 So should I just build around where I originally spawn? How do I navigate these hills? 




 I just bought the game during the Steam Community Choice sale and I'm having trouble. Any tips for a complete newbie? 




 assassin master yi 




 Anyone notice how when Hurt's about to press the big red button, 10 and 11 are standing side by side with Clara behind 11 and "Rose" behind 10? 





























 Going on the down escalator... 
and spiders.
and bugs that fly. 




 First thing I noticed were your nails. They look so perfect and perfect.  




 During my Freshmen year in dorms, I thought it'd be cool to request roommates with this one girl I barely knew but we had a lot in common right? Worst mistake of my life. 

She always had her boyfriend over, but they never had sex together, only slept together in bed. Since she was over religious, they never cuddled. It was always awkward when he was in there. You could cut the awkward tension with a knife...

She also liked to have the door open as I slept, bring people over as I slept, and play the guitar as I slept. 

She brought friends over at 3 AM and they stayed til 7 AM when I had class at 9 AM. 

I was sick my first semester and she got me sick the second semester, and it made me snore, but only rarely. She would constantly complain about it to other hall mates making it seem like I did it all night. 

I admit to being a messy person, but I always contained my mess to being a small amount of mess, but she was self-diagnosed with OCD and could not handle it, thus she continued to talk about me behind my back. 

I was too nice to say "Please stop, you're being a b-".  




 I'm so jealous that I think I hate you. :( I've been trying to get my Filly to S Rank for so long.... 




 It was Berkeley. [it all makes sense now!!!] -Someone from Oakland.  




 I got Chosen Master Yi after the Pulsefire Ez, so I kinda just rage quit. I promised myself to never have a single Yi skin. D: I miss AP Yi... 




 I always surprise him with mystery gifts... he then complains about having to main that champ. D: But he still takes them, then tries to pay me back... in love. 

My wallet is empty because mystery giftssssss so purdyyyy. Like, what if I gift someone SGU!? I know I got myself Pulsefire when I gifted myself.  




 He doesn't even like me giving him mystery gifts unless he can give me one too :( 

Mystery gifting is too addicting... I have books I should buy, or skins I can get people... 
























 Bellonova "MapleLuck" smega spam happens all the time...  









 I'm kind of a loser but what's the whole thing against early access?  




 I believe the developers were giving the game out for free, and *might* still be giving them out. If we enjoyed the game we could support by purchasing the game.  









 They're really filling too! It's by Telegraph and next to CREAM. 




 Correct! 




 Actually it's Paula Deen here with a secret: butter.  




 Sadly I don't have a recipe but if you're ever by Berkeley, find KoJa Kitchen! 
























 I'm crying on the inside :(( 

I've been running 5* No. 9, 5* Yeo, and 4* Alex for everything, should I start focusing on Alex instead or keep trying for Susanoo? 




 I recently started playing Crusader Quest about less than a week ago and I already have a 5* No. 9 and a 4* Alex, I heard about the Alex/Susanoo/No. 9 combo and I'm almost there.... problem is that every time I promote a warrior, I get Joan. Four promotes in and all I've gotten is Joan. I pulled Joan from a Premium too. Do the RNG gods hate me or.... is this some secret bug or something :( or is this really normal?? 




 This is by far my favorite piece written on this flag issue. Thanks for sharing. I can't believe some students are sending death threats to these 6. I feel like every thing is being blown out of proportion. 




 I started playing three days ago and I was able to pull Sneak off that contract and then used the gems and pulled No. 9 :) 




 I read that as India and was thoroughly confused.... 




 They'll get DS once DST is off Early Access, but for previous owners of DS, does that mean we're just paying 5$ for two copies of DST? Did you get a copy of DS to gift or was it just not there? 




 "I'd smack you so hard you'd regenerate" 




 How enforced is the VDC Grad parking lot? I live in VDC Grad but can't get a permit/registration since I'm subleasing, so you think I can get by parking at the lot without getting caught or ticketed? 




 He became a bowmaster for a week to get 4:45 in dojo 
























 Maybe I just suck but it was a 6 star Naz that was spamming his passive like crazy. First it goes wolf then it's passive. Or it was a 5 




 Do you think toast would do something about that? Most of my losses come from this :( 




 I've tried anut and it seem to work or I just killed naz fast enough. 




 He keeps spamming his passive every second, is this bugged? If I don't get the right blocks or kill him fast enough my team just gets knocked up every second and just melt. 




 Oooo thanks, I just randomly use all my bread  









 Doing bread dungeon, boss at like 100 health or so, accidentally hit two three chains in a row......... instadeath everywhere. EoG and RNG why... (Was doing the 2-chain one) 




 I think if you take the gift at max you don't get any?  




 I had full meat when I started, got free 30 meat in the mail. I'm expecting it to just go over but nope, meat didn't change. Is this the new feature? 
























 Made a room and tried to wb with a friend. Both using android and its stuck on searching for ally. Is it still buggy from SB update? 




 I just bought the phone off someone and the software is still at 4.1.2. I tried to manually update it from the RUU provided by HTC website but my phone gets stuck at the 'loading bootloader' and causes the phone to disconnect from my laptop, ending the updating process. On top of that it gets stuck on a black screen that just says HTC and the only way to restart the phone is by pressing power and volume down button. Is there a way to fix it or something or am I doomed to forever use 4.1.2 (I had Verizon's HTC One M7 at 4.4.2 and I love the UI and the personalization feel of it)

Note: Phone is not rooted or anything 




 I use to do it every day whenever I have tickets, now I'm just whatever still in bronze... This update made me feel less incline to play. I don't mind the grind but I don't know I lost my drive :( please come back i love this game 




 MASS APPEAL, ORANGE RIND, SMOKE YOUR GREEN I'M SPENDING MINE  




 Why does the meat double? 




 I run Asus9 and with dionne spam I have only a brief window where I can dish out damage before the next Dionne. It takes so long that sometimes Alex dies before I can finish off the rest of the team x.x Dionne pls  




 I just got my D'Art after failing a bunch of times (I run 6* Alex 6* Himiko and 5* Naz, it works ok I just used bella because I forgot to switch to sera.) :) 




 I fell asleep when I did mine. Himiko could only do so much...... I got boss to half health then dozed off a little... I applaud your patience because I did it for like 20 minutes but gave up when I fell asleep again  




 The ai hates Asus9. :( I've been on a ridiculous losing streak against mages as well as those d'art+hikari combos... (Also because I didn't pay attention)  
























