


















































































































































































































































































 Did you look at the YouTube channel? There isn't that much content being uploaded. It is insignificant when compared to the 300 or so hours of video uploaded to YouTube in a minute. Google wouldn't even notice. 
























 "Ring around the Rosie" 









 Oh, whoops. 





























 That would be interesting. 




 I understand evolution. I was wondering how our class, at least those who are not creationist, should respond. 









 You would be right. 




 Very true. 




 Wow thanks for all the responses! 




 Great, thanks for the response 




 It's a public school in Illinois and it isn't as far as I know. 









 Well, every year after age 7. 














 Automatically shuts down on Sundays. 









 Rick and Morty hands down. 




 Exactly 









 5 minute dialog before any sort of fight scene:
Fancy meeting you here


Shall we fight?


Not before I tell you how I fooled you earlier
 




 Spirit and Treasure Planet: two very underrated movies. 




 That is really cool! I don't know of any others. 



















 Capacitive buttons? No.
iPhone 4 design? Stop.
1gb of RAM? Please!
This phone missed its 2009 release date.
 









 Don't lie, you did that. 









 [Another great resource for this learning method](https://www.hackerrank.com/) 









 Don't forget Google's [Quantum Computing Division.] (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_Artificial_Intelligence_Lab) 




 They need a new business model. 




 No one even acknowledged this at school today. So sad. 




 Crock pot on wheels? 




 I agree. This is a great slogan. It is time that Google starts to market this OS so it is not always dominated by Apple in the mainstream. Maybe then will people stop referring to Android as a single OEM or phone line. 




 That is so cool! Very nice interactive 3-D model of the solar system. 




 Some keyboards have this feature. 




 Just a few:

- Flashlight toggle in swipe down settings
- Integrated screen capture and record (not the Kit Kat ADB integration)
- Integrate Google Now cards into notification panel
- Icon pack support
- Customizeable hold and swipe app shortcuts (Tap and hold on the home button and swipe up)

 

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Why do the artists go through so many iteration of a character? I thought many of these concept art characters were just fine if not better. 




 Tim, was initial reaction to the WWW as glorious as we would think? 



























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 What are some thoughts about these schools in regards to AI and Machine Learning?: 
    
* U-Mich Ann-Arbor

* U-Wash Seattle

* GIT

* UIUC


Any alumni or current students? 




 Awesome, thanks! 




 Great, thanks for the info. 






















































 I am a High School student looking into a CS career.

I have a strong interest in CS, namely Machine Learning, AI, Genetic Algorithms, Robotics, and such.

Regardless of prestige and difficulty, what are some good schools for fields such as these with good opportunities for a major in CS?

I've seen many lists, but they have many different schools ranked inconsistently and I'm aware of the obvious schools such as CMU and Berkeley, which I am interested in, but what are some others?

 




















































































 It is fairly wordy. 




 I've been using the Out Of Many AP 5th Edition book and it is not that bad. Why the hate? 









 I have this question as well, given that I am planning on majoring in this field. I feel as if there is still a surplus because of the countless start-ups and new positions created at large companies. I've never heard of any shortage but then again, I don't have much experience in the field.  









 Oh, I did not see that. Interesting... 










































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Check out [Vex Robotics](http://www.vexrobotics.com/). Start a club at your school. It is a great platform to start on.

 






















































































































































































































 [If you like that, try this](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tldr/giepilabiomhlcmlefmbfkgeoccfhhhc) 



























































 Yessir 




 [This?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uD90_rqxaIg) 
























 We want to use one platform that can handle simple 1-3 page sites, with the capability to be expanded to more like e-commerce. 




 Yeah, that is what I was thinking, thanks. 




 Is Django a good tool for developing fairly simple websites for clients? I feel that the admin site is a nice feature for these site. If so, could you recommend a Django hosting option? 




 My team and I are planning on developing Django based websites for local businesses. We are wondering how to go about hosting these Django sites for clients. Should we have them self manages by clients or should we manage hosting for a monthly fee? If so, what are some good hosts for this? 









 Great, thanks. I am learning Django right now for freelance web design and I am experienced in Java.  




 I'm a high school junior looking to gain more experience and validity to my college application. I know it is a little late, but what are some good programs/activities to gain an advantage in the application process? I'm looking into some web development for local businesses or something of the likes.  













































































































 Is there any chance that you could pass this in the next year? College is nearing. 










































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Like two brothers, San Andreas had a ridiculous amount of conflicts that occurred in a short period of time. 




 Wow. That is an accurate summary. 




 Just saw the movie. It was just a field day for CGI. 




 Thanks 




 Yep. Ridiculous stereotypical B action movies. 




 http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/San_Andreas_%28film%29 





























 Yeah, that does seem to be a limitation. I couldn't even begin to pronounce it let alone spell it from my pronunciation. Great channel by the way. 








































































































































































































































































 What platform will you rely on now, YouTube? 




 Have you guys thought about starting your own label? It seems like everyone has one these days. 














 Wow, this 'assistant' is pretty accurate. This is a really cool implementation of computer vision/machine learning. Props to Google. 




 I've been in the process of learning Django and I wanted to put it to use but I suppose other options would be easier for the simpler websites.  




 Yeah, I can see it being quite a hassle with maintenance and server-side implementation Thanks for your answer. 












































