












































 Fartney 2012 




 I watched the IGN review of Halo 4, and never have I ever seen such incredible amounts of ass kissing in my life. The reviewer was literally embarrassing to listen to because he acted like he was blown away and was about as bad at acting as the new Master Chief voice actor. I own Halo 4 and aside from graphics, the gameplay is identical to previous iterations. Nothing about it should appeal Halo fans who actually want the series to progress, because sadly, it has not. So, I ask you, do you think these reviewers get paid to say nice things?  




 We obviously know that our country is fucked and ran by a bunch of rich faggots. Our two party system is the biggest joke in the world and half our population stands by idly and bickers about Obama and Romney. I'm sick of just reading about how screwed up everything is, I'm ready to do something about it. What do we do? How do we give this country back to its people? It's obviously not gonna start at the ballot.  
























 I would hope everyone is aware of this website 














 Why don't they talk about the 3rd party candidates? They seem more preferable to me than Romney or Obama anyway. 

 




 It always seems like they form near Florida, respectively. But Y NO South Cali??? 




 Tonight I met someone who was beautiful, nice, had a good sense of humor and was just generally everything I was looking for. We then somehow got onto the topic of Religion and I expressed my faith in Jesus and she expressed that she is "Spiritual". It didn't end in argument, and it allowed me to share my testimony, etc. Fortunately, it didn't make things weird or anything. I would just like some advice from Christians if this would be wise to pursue if the possibility presented itself. I know what the answers are going to be, so please, help me to understand, because this person seems to be something special that doesn't come along very often. Thank you. 

EDIT: apparently she has a boyfriend. sweet. 









 I find if the kills in a multiplayer game get repetitive, the entire game gets old very fast. What do you guys think of the kills and rag doll thus far? Also, what kinds of things are deal breakers for you and a new game? 
























 With the advent of rag doll, and Euphoria physics used in games like GTA, and Backbreaker, why don't more games shy away from rehashed and reused death animations that make kills in games like Halo and CoD less satisfying and more repetitive? 

I play a shooter to have fun killing things, not see the same thing over and over again.  














 I've always loved the atmosphere Lovecraft creates with his description of entering tombs, down spiral stair cases with no light except a torch. Or the insanity that is instilled through the rising of Cthulu. Anything from his stories would be fantastic. Thank you :) 




 I'll start. 

I remember when the "Passion of the Christ" came out and hearing somebody say, "The Pope came forward today and has declared after viewing 'the Passion' that, 'It is, as it was' ". 

That pissed me off because, since when is the Pope the king of God?

Then I realized that a lot of the Catholics viewing this movie would have trusted the Pope's opinion. But that still doesn't make sense to me.  









 I visit, gmail; facebook; turntable.fm; ign; youtube; youjizz; and a few other lame sites. What are your most common? 
































































 just curious 









 After two months since the release of Counter Strike: Global Offensive on Xbox, there is still not a single patch or update that allows you to actually play with your friends. What the fuck is the point of buying the game!? Go fuck yourself Gabe.  









 Any ideas on how much the part and cost of labor would turn out to be? 
I live in PA if that matters. 









 Please be honest. I think some real life stories of healing, and other amazing experiences through God would bring great joy and increased faith to everyone here :)

EDIT: Thanks for all the stories and experiences, and I pray everyone has been strengthened in their faith through reading them. Keep em' coming! :D 




 A colossal planetary orb overlooks our home. Nearly at the climax of its Kiss with the rock we call Earth. Some of the most amazing shades of blue you'll ever see. Colors you don't find here. Colors artists attempt, and fail to replicate. It only peaks every 68 years, but you can always see it coming months in advance. A new star in the sky at first, then within half a year's time, the harvest moon dawns forth its peak. Some call it our planet's passing lover, some call it the thief, because it always drags our moon with it for a time before gravity can set itself right - which it always does. But when it does come, its always an exciting time here. The world seems to come together for nearly a year in the common endeavor to appreciate what some hold as God's passing eye. It pushes the rain away from certain areas, and you always know it's closest when the clouds gather and the water just won't stop falling. And then comes the twilit days and shadowless nights. By the time the sun hits noon, the sky is eclipsed, and the blue hues don't miss anything after sun down. It truly is an experience that all should share in at least one lifetime.

Sheel and I laid under the aquatic nightlight, atop our favorite get away spot overlooking our village - Of which was celebrating Peak Banquet. The festival lights gave illusion that the night's excitement was nearly at its apex, paralleling the sapphire that penetrated our night. I felt almost invigorated by the energy the blue bulb in the sky was giving off. And when we got away from all the noise, its song can be heard through energetic vibrations that hum only soft enough for those who listen closely - those who seek to hear. And as we laid there, holding hands, I could feel the vastness of the cosmic sphere reverberating through us both, nearly enhancing through our physical connection.

"They say it's getting closer, you know", Sheel gently let out. In my near hypnosis, I nearly missed what she'd said.

"Ah... You don't buy into that Collision Course fear do you?" I rattled off in nearly the same words I've heard from my parents time and time again. She paused for a long while, her eyes reflecting equally beautiful seas of blue back at the monster in the sky.

"I don't know...my father's been doing a lot of work at the observatory lately, and he says...something's changed." Her gaze never broke from the atmosphere, and I had no words to say. "He says at this rate, this might be the last cycle before...The Event. Silence filled the air as what she said began to pass over me. Fireworks could be seen popping and fading in sparkling reds and yellows near village square. The irony of it all nearly brought a smile to my face. We laid there quietly, looking directly at what some held in highest form of natural phenomenon and beauty, and by the same means, could very well bring about our end. But the fear, the fear had not over taken me. I knew I was exactly where I was suppose to be. Sheel grasped my hand even tighter, we looked into each others' eyes, and all I could hear was that gentle hum. 


































 here's a .gif  

EDIT: annnnd....it's gone! 




 She even munched Mila Kunis' rug pro bono

EDIT: pro boner  




 Failed it for the second time. Did 100 Questions a day for a month and a half - KAPLAN online resources.  Not sure how to approach it this time around. For those who passed, please explain to me the specific manner in which you went about studying so I can emulate that and also pass. Thanks :) also pray for me if you could.  




 took it today 8/30/12  0800-1245

-Got 245 Questions
-Finished the test on a Multiple Answer Question (not sure if I got it right, also not sure if that's a positive sign)
-got quite a few multiple answer questions, probably around 10-15 (still not sure if thats a good thing, but i hear those are higher end questions)
-only got 3 dosage calc out of 245 (which I hear the less dosage calc, the better)

Overall the test was really hard, but i feel i knew more than I did the first time (still not much lol). Was just looking for thoughts, ideas and support. :)

Thanks! 









 Sweden 





























 I lopped off my dick with less-than-average sharp scissors.

And then I buried my sleeping 3 day old infant underground. I doubt she's woken up yet. 

EDIT: don't tell mom 




 All I see on Reddit is negative statements about Romney, which I understand. But, why nothing about Obama? Why does this site lean so far left that it seems almost to refuse to give any sort of basic criticism to our current president? You would think, even by chance, that at least a few articles would make it to the front page once and a while. Am I the only one who notices this bias?... 

EDIT: Since I have you all here, I will now proceed to revealing that Satan runs this world, and dominates both the democratic and republican parties you all hold so dear. He is currently perverting the Jewish Zionists to use their endless stream of finances to rule everything you thought was for you: MEDIA, MILITARY, BANKS, and of course POLITICS. 

OBAMA is a shill, no different than BUSH and you all will live to see World War III. 9/11 was an inside job. Get off your knees and fight back 

RON PAUL 2012 - or Gary Johnson if we have to...sigh 




 All I see on Reddit is negative statements about Romney, which I understand. But, why nothing about Obama? Why does this site lean so far left that it seems almost to refuse to give any sort of basic criticism to our current president? You would think, even by chance, that at least a few articles would make it to the front page once and a while. Am I the only one who notices this bias?...  


































 lately, every game i play i feel bored and as if i've played it already. I was hoping /r/gaming could point me in the direction of a game they've loved oh so much, but maybe not many people played it. Something different, like Shadow of the Colossus. Thanks! 




 Link; Cost?

 I'm just curious to see the differences between history books written at earlier times in the previous century. Thank you Reddit! 




 What if Ron Paul doesn't win the nomination/presidency? Do we just wait for all the DoomPaul memes to come true and embrace the end of the world or...? What's the plan? Because I don't see much hope without his truth and honesty in office.  
























 The Year: 2064

Grandpa walks into the living room to see his 6 year old grandson is laughing, laying prone in front of some sort of handheld gaming device while his
eyes are in REM. (Rapid Eye Movement)

"Hey buddy whaddya playin there?", asks grandpa looking at his grandson in confusion


Grandson quickly comes out of his REM and looks at his grandpa cheerfully and replies, "My Nintendo Synfesis Gwandpa!" With a lisp :) (Nintendo Synthesis)


Grandpa's confusion quickly subsides with a smile of relief and replies, "ohhh, Nintendo? Shoot, I used to have a 
Game Boy back in the day. Played the heck outta that thing"


"Grandpaaaa, dis isn't da same as a silwy Game Boyy", Grandson says laughingly annoyed.


"Whaddya talkin' abouuut? Lemme see that thing", retorts grandpa with confidence.


"We can pway together!" Excitedly replies grandson. Grandson proceeds to hand grandpa another one of the devices.
The device is merely a 3x3in rectangular chrome device with a rounded spherical bottom. Similar to a three dimensional ellipse 
divided in half with central a flat surface. 

Grandpa examines it oddly, looking on all sides, "Where's the D-Pad?...How do I turn this thing on?"


Giggling, grandson exclaims, "You just have to holwd it with boff hands gwandpaaa"


"Oh, okay", grandpa says as he places both hands on the device, "What're we even 'playing' anyway?"


"Caww of Duty: Stormfront!", excitedly replies grandson as he quickly gets comfortable and places both hands on the device,
at which point you begin to hear a low binaural beat begin to build within the system and slowly growing louder.


"Well CoD's kinda gay -- but What the heck is that sound?", asks grandpa in confusion.


"It's startin' up Gwandpa", replies grandson with a big innocent smile.


As the noise begins to grow grandpa's mind begins to wonder into nostalgic memories, "Oh...well you know when I was your age,
I would play Pokemon none stop. I swear, I had the best line-up ever. My Dragonite was level 100 -- " Suddenly,
within the blink of an eye grandpa is transported to a drop ship transport about to land in the middle of a barren planet war zone. He looks around 
in frantic fear and confusion, seeing he is surrounded by a dozen other future soldiers preparing to fight. Everyone is strapped into their seats with
metal chest harnesses, wearing futuristic black and grey military protective equipment and wielding heavy assault rifles. The ship is severely turbulent 
as it draws nearer to the surface of the battle. "What the hell is happening!? Where am I?!!!", cries Grandpa
to all of the nameless soldiers he is seated next to. All of which seem have their wits about them.


"Private! Get your shit together! Now is not the time to lose it!", commands what appears to be the Sergent of the ship's unit.


Grandpa is shocked in fear facing the Sergent, who returns his body to the upright position of his harnessed seat while someone next to grandpa gestures
the Catholic cross across their chest as they kiss their Christian pendant. Grandson then reveals his smiling face and waves "Hi, gwandpaaa!", says grandson
with cheer.


"Oh my God! What the hell is happeningggg!!!??" screams grandpa.


"We got to take the Cwompound, gwandpa" replies grandson as he rocks his head from side to side joyfully.


"What!!? What the hell are you talking about? What is this!!?, exclaims grandpa in utter fear and calamity.


"Just fowwow me grandpa!" laughs grandson as the ship comes to a sudden halt. 


"OhGodFUCK! What is hap-!" grandpa is screaming as The harnesses suddenly rise, and the side hatch of this ship immediately burst open. The noise quickly grows ten-fold, with near by explosions and dust flying so thick that its barely visible to see more than 20 feet in front of oneself.

"Alright Men! Into eternity we fly!" shouts the Sergent as he throws his hand forward giving the command to charge. Large amounts of similar ships can be 
seen landing, and leaving near their drop zone.The terrain is virtually flat as the dust bowl continues to fog any view besides what lies ahead.
 Hundreds of soldiers are running into the clouds of fog. 
Many of which are being mowed down by continued chain
gun fire and blown to pieces by explosions and artillery. 

Grandpa, standing in the haul doorway of the drop ship stares in disbelief at what he is witnessing when suddenly he feels quick jab to his
right leg and a grab
at his hand from grandson exclaiming, "Come on gwandpa, follow meeee". Grandson begins to run haphazardly into the fray of smoke.

"Wait! NO!" Grandpa yells as he suddenly becomes aware of his grandson sprinting into a firefight. Grandpa proceeds to sprint after him. As he runs blindly in grandson's last known direction,
all he can see is random soldiers faces gliding with him in his run as well as the amount of vigor and strength he now has that was not previously existent in his normal body's elder state. 
This revelation is quickly forgotten as nearly as soon as he sees more soldiers passing by him in the haze, they are quickly swept down by bursts and flashes of light and blasts from
whistling bombs from above. Dirt and debris began to soil grandpa's clothing.
A sudden cut back to grandpa and grandson in the living room shows both of them experiencing REM with grandpa's mouth wide open making odd screaming noises and grandson smiling and giggling.
Cut back to the battlefield, the only usable cover are large boulders that randomly appear through the haze. A large explosion in the distance knocks grandpa down to the ground, the heat from the blast causes his face
to be flushed in even more sweat. Grandpa scrambles on all fours to the nearest boulder that is nearly 12ft high and sizable enough
to cover four men. Large numbers of other soldiers continue to pass by on both sides. Grandpa presses his body tightly against the boulder next to soldiers of which are poised to return fire with no direct leader.
On grandpa's side is a medic attempting to revive an unconscious soldier with CPR and various medicinal shot administrations that only require the grasp of a trigger to instill into the skin. This is to no avail.

"God damn it, wake up!" Screams the medic to the dead soldier, of whom has a severe burns and lacerations to the entire front of the body.

The soldier on grandpa's other side nearest the edge of cover pops out and shoots blindly into the fog screaming, "Motherfuckerrrrsss!".
A stray bullet flies in and goes directly between the soldiers neck and clavicle. He collapses in front of grandpa grasping his neck as blood begins to spray out of his artery
with each heart beat. Grandpa's face is stricken with shock as he lets out a girlish screech.

 



























































 So i failed my nclex on 7/2/12 in the state of Pennsylvania. I went to the PA dept of state to reapply for the ATT and it said they "You already have a license of this type". And I wasn't sure if I have to wait a period of time before even apply again. They didn't make the whole 45-90 waiting period very clear. Can someone give me a clear explanation on the process I should go through? thanks :)

EDIT: I called. They said if you do a re-exam you need to send in a physical paper application. False alarm, I still failed... :/ 




 So i found out i failed the NCLEX which is the boards or test you need to pass to become a nurse. It sucks, but its obviously not the end of the world. The most frustrating issue was when i broke the news to my father, he was infuriated and continued to make a bunch of outlandish claims like, "things are gonna be changing around here!" and "You can get your own ride down to Harrisburg next time!" (the place of the test) and "This is bullshit!" - as if my failure is more of a detriment to him than it is me. He's not a christian if that's important, and I hate having issues with my dad. He's always been kind of a douche and often makes me feel like an idiot without considering my side of the story. I wanna tell him off but I also want to respect my parents and unfortunately, I still live under his roof until i can pass this stupid test and get a job. Basically, I would really appreciate prayer for passing the NCLEX test and my relationship with my father. Any advice would be cool too. Thanks.   




 So I took it yesterday, felt like I did horrible. And I mean horrible. Like, I didn't know anything. 230 questions later I was done. I got online the next day and some people said there's a trick you can do where if you try to register again on Pearson-Vue, if you passed, it won't let you go to the credit card screen. Unfortunately, it allowed me to make it to that screen and I feel like that has all but solidified my failure. Which, in turn, makes me feel like a sack of shite. Mainly because, I'll somehow, have to figure out how to change my study habits to pass next time. Which honestly, studying is the bane of my existence. Is there truth to the whole Pearson trick? Encouragement would be nice too ;P 




 So I took it yesterday, felt like I did horrible. And I mean horrible. Like, I didn't know anything. 230 questions later I was done. I got online the next day and some people said there's a trick you can do where if you try to register again on Pearson-Vue, if you passed, it won't let you go to the credit card screen. Unfortunately, it allowed me to make it to that screen and I feel like that has all but solidified my failure. Which, in turn, makes me feel like a sack of shite. Mainly because, I'll somehow, have to figure out how to change my study habits to pass next time. Which honestly, studying is the bane of my existence. Is there truth to the whole Pearson trick? Encouragement would be nice too ;P 




 Not sure why /r/atheism hates christians so much. Sure, there can be some seriously ignorant followers who piss you off to the fullest extent, but not all christians are advocates of The Crusades. Not all christians molest children and try to tell you what to do. The message promoted by Jesus in the Gospels of the New Testament was that of peace, love and sacrifice. A lot of christians hold true to that and are great members of the community, helping the poor and needy. I know people like the Westboro baptist church are nuts, and a lot of other christians realize it as well. My biggest confusion with /r/atheism is, what's being accomplished by the top upvoted item being Jesus having sex with a goat? Your subreddit is flooded with this stuff. How is that evidence of people who claim to be critical thinkers, and well educated? Most of the time, rather than a legitimate debate, your subreddit is filled with hate. At times I wish the sub was renamed '/r/trolls'. It's not serving anyone. I suggest we take a step back and consider our actions.  














 
What is so simple, any child can understand; Yet, so complex, no wisdom can solve?  







































 Disclaimer, this is not my own material I simply felt it necessary to share

1694  Bank of England Established

First Central Bank established in the UK. Served as model for most modern central banks.

1744- Mayer Amschel Rothschild, Founder of the Rothschild Banking Empire, is Born in Frankfurt, Germany

Mayer Amschel Rothschild extended his banking empire across Europe by carefully placing his five sons in key positions. They set up banks in Frankfurt, Vienna, London, Naples, and Paris. By the mid 1800s they dominated the banking industry, lending to governments around the world and people such as the Vanderbilts, Carnegies, and Cecil Rhodes.

1757- Colonial Scrip Issued in US

Debt free, fiat currency was printed in the public interest. As Benjamin Franklin said,

In the colonies we issue our own money. It is called colonial scrip. We issue it in proper proportion to the demands of trade and industry to make the products pass easily from the producers to the consumers. In this manner, creating for ourselves our own paper money, we control its purchasing power and we have no interest to pay no one.

1776  American Independence

1791  Congress Creates the First US Bank  A Private Company, Partly Owned by Foreigners  to Handle the Financial Needs of the New Central Government

Previously, the 13 states had their own banks, currencies and financial institutions.

1816  The Privately Owned Second Bank of the US was Chartered  It Served as the Main Depository for Government Revenue, Making it a Highly Profitable Bank

1832  Andrew Jackson Campaigns Against the 2nd Bank of the US and Vetoes Bank Charter Renewal

Andrew Jackson was skeptical of the central banking system and believed it gave too few men too much power and caused inflation. He was also a proponent of gold and silver and an outspoken opponent of the 2nd National Bank. The Charter expired in 1836.

1833  President Jackson Issues Executive Order to Stop Depositing Government Funds Into Bank of US

By September 1833, government funds were being deposited into state chartered banks.

Jan 30, 1835  Jackson Escapes Assassination. Assassin misfired twice.

1833-1837  Manufactured boom created by central bankers  money supply Increases 84%, Spurred by the 2nd Bank of the US

The total money supply rose from $150 million to $267 million.[1]

1837-1843  Terrible Depression

343 of the 850 banks in the US closed entirely as largest banks consolidated wealth and power.[2]

1861  American Civil War

1862-1863 Lincoln Over Rules Debt-Based Money and Issues Greenbacks to Fund the War

Bankers would only lend the government money under certain conditions and at high interest rates, so Lincoln issued his own currency  greenbacks  through the US Treasury, and made them legal tender. His soldiers went on to win the war, followed by great economic expansion.

April 15, 1865  Lincoln Assassinated

1881- President James Garfield, Staunch Proponent of Honest Money Backed by Gold and Silver, was Assassinated

Garfield opposed fiat currency (money that was not backed by any physical object) and was a strong advocate of a bi-metal monetary system. He had the second shortest Presidency in history.

1907- Banking Panic of 1907

The New York Stock Exchange dropped dramatically as everyone tried to get their money out of the banks at the same time across the nation. This banking panic spurred debate for banking reform. JP Morgan and others gathered to create an image of concern and stability in the face of the panic, which eventually led to the formation of the Federal Reserve. The founders of the Federal Reserve pretended like the bankers were opposed to the idea of its formation in order to mislead the public into believing that the Federal Reserve would help to regulate bankers when in fact it really gave even more power to private bankers, but in a less transparent way.

1908  JP Morgan Associate and Rockefeller Relative Nelson Aldrich Heads New National Monetary Commission

Senate Republican leader, Nelson Aldrich, heads the new National Monetary Commission that was created to study the cause of the banking panic. Aldrich had close ties with J.P. Morgan and his daughter married John D. Rockefeller.

1910  Bankers Meet Secretly on Jekyll Island to Draft Federal Reserve Banking Legislation

Over the course of a week, some of the nations most powerful bankers met secretly off the coast of Georgia, drafting a proposal for a private Central Banking system. Those in attendance included Nelson Aldrich, A.P. Andrew (Assistant Secretary of the Treasury), Paul Warburg (Kuhn, Loeb,   Co.), Frank Vanderlip (President of National City Bank of New York), Charles D. Norton (president of the Morgan-dominated First National Bank of New York), Henry Davidson (Senior Partner of JP Morgan Co.), and Benjamin Strong (representing JP Morgan).

Dec 23, 1913  Federal Reserve Act Passed

Two days before Christmas, while many members of Congress were away on vacation, the Federal Reserve Act was passed, creating the Central banking system we have today. It was based on the Aldrich plan drafted on Jekyll Island and gave private bankers supreme authority over the economy. They are now able to create money out of nothing (and loan it out at interest), make decisions without government approval, and control the amount of money in circulation.

1913  Income tax established -16th Amendment Ratified

Taxes ensured that citizens would cover the payment of debt due to the Central Bank, the Federal Reserve, which was also created in 1913.The 16th Amendment stated: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumeration.

1914  JP Morgan and Co. Profits from Financing both sides of War and Purchasing Weapons

J.P. Morgan and Co. made a deal with the Bank of England to give them a monopoly on underwriting war bonds for the UK and France. They also invested in the suppliers of war equipment to Britain and France.

November 1914  Federal Reserve Banks Open

1921-1929  The Roaring 20s  The Federal Reserve Floods the Economy with Cash and Credit

From 1921 to 1929 the Federal Reserve increased the money supply by $28 billion, almost a 62% increase over an eight-year period.[3] This artificially created another boom.

1929  Federal Reserve Contracts the Money Supply

In 1929, the Federal Reserve began to pull money out of circulation as loans were paid back. They created a bust which was inevitable after issuing so much credit in the years before. The Federal Reserves actions triggered the banking crisis, which led to the Great Depression.

October 24, 1929  Black Thursday, Stock Market Crash

The most devastating stock market crash in history. Billions of dollars in value were consolidated into the private bankers hands at the expense of everyone else.

CONTINUED IN COMMENTS
 




 Disclaimer, this is not my own material I simply felt it necessary to share

1694  Bank of England Established

First Central Bank established in the UK. Served as model for most modern central banks.

1744- Mayer Amschel Rothschild, Founder of the Rothschild Banking Empire, is Born in Frankfurt, Germany

Mayer Amschel Rothschild extended his banking empire across Europe by carefully placing his five sons in key positions. They set up banks in Frankfurt, Vienna, London, Naples, and Paris. By the mid 1800s they dominated the banking industry, lending to governments around the world and people such as the Vanderbilts, Carnegies, and Cecil Rhodes.

1757- Colonial Scrip Issued in US

Debt free, fiat currency was printed in the public interest. As Benjamin Franklin said,

In the colonies we issue our own money. It is called colonial scrip. We issue it in proper proportion to the demands of trade and industry to make the products pass easily from the producers to the consumers. In this manner, creating for ourselves our own paper money, we control its purchasing power and we have no interest to pay no one.

1776  American Independence

1791  Congress Creates the First US Bank  A Private Company, Partly Owned by Foreigners  to Handle the Financial Needs of the New Central Government

Previously, the 13 states had their own banks, currencies and financial institutions.

1816  The Privately Owned Second Bank of the US was Chartered  It Served as the Main Depository for Government Revenue, Making it a Highly Profitable Bank

1832  Andrew Jackson Campaigns Against the 2nd Bank of the US and Vetoes Bank Charter Renewal

Andrew Jackson was skeptical of the central banking system and believed it gave too few men too much power and caused inflation. He was also a proponent of gold and silver and an outspoken opponent of the 2nd National Bank. The Charter expired in 1836.

1833  President Jackson Issues Executive Order to Stop Depositing Government Funds Into Bank of US

By September 1833, government funds were being deposited into state chartered banks.

Jan 30, 1835  Jackson Escapes Assassination. Assassin misfired twice.

1833-1837  Manufactured boom created by central bankers  money supply Increases 84%, Spurred by the 2nd Bank of the US

The total money supply rose from $150 million to $267 million.[1]

1837-1843  Terrible Depression

343 of the 850 banks in the US closed entirely as largest banks consolidated wealth and power.[2]

1861  American Civil War

1862-1863 Lincoln Over Rules Debt-Based Money and Issues Greenbacks to Fund the War

Bankers would only lend the government money under certain conditions and at high interest rates, so Lincoln issued his own currency  greenbacks  through the US Treasury, and made them legal tender. His soldiers went on to win the war, followed by great economic expansion.

April 15, 1865  Lincoln Assassinated

1881- President James Garfield, Staunch Proponent of Honest Money Backed by Gold and Silver, was Assassinated

Garfield opposed fiat currency (money that was not backed by any physical object) and was a strong advocate of a bi-metal monetary system. He had the second shortest Presidency in history.

1907- Banking Panic of 1907

The New York Stock Exchange dropped dramatically as everyone tried to get their money out of the banks at the same time across the nation. This banking panic spurred debate for banking reform. JP Morgan and others gathered to create an image of concern and stability in the face of the panic, which eventually led to the formation of the Federal Reserve. The founders of the Federal Reserve pretended like the bankers were opposed to the idea of its formation in order to mislead the public into believing that the Federal Reserve would help to regulate bankers when in fact it really gave even more power to private bankers, but in a less transparent way.

1908  JP Morgan Associate and Rockefeller Relative Nelson Aldrich Heads New National Monetary Commission

Senate Republican leader, Nelson Aldrich, heads the new National Monetary Commission that was created to study the cause of the banking panic. Aldrich had close ties with J.P. Morgan and his daughter married John D. Rockefeller.

1910  Bankers Meet Secretly on Jekyll Island to Draft Federal Reserve Banking Legislation

Over the course of a week, some of the nations most powerful bankers met secretly off the coast of Georgia, drafting a proposal for a private Central Banking system. Those in attendance included Nelson Aldrich, A.P. Andrew (Assistant Secretary of the Treasury), Paul Warburg (Kuhn, Loeb,   Co.), Frank Vanderlip (President of National City Bank of New York), Charles D. Norton (president of the Morgan-dominated First National Bank of New York), Henry Davidson (Senior Partner of JP Morgan Co.), and Benjamin Strong (representing JP Morgan).

Dec 23, 1913  Federal Reserve Act Passed

Two days before Christmas, while many members of Congress were away on vacation, the Federal Reserve Act was passed, creating the Central banking system we have today. It was based on the Aldrich plan drafted on Jekyll Island and gave private bankers supreme authority over the economy. They are now able to create money out of nothing (and loan it out at interest), make decisions without government approval, and control the amount of money in circulation.

1913  Income tax established -16th Amendment Ratified

Taxes ensured that citizens would cover the payment of debt due to the Central Bank, the Federal Reserve, which was also created in 1913.The 16th Amendment stated: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumeration.

1914  JP Morgan and Co. Profits from Financing both sides of War and Purchasing Weapons

J.P. Morgan and Co. made a deal with the Bank of England to give them a monopoly on underwriting war bonds for the UK and France. They also invested in the suppliers of war equipment to Britain and France.

November 1914  Federal Reserve Banks Open

1921-1929  The Roaring 20s  The Federal Reserve Floods the Economy with Cash and Credit

From 1921 to 1929 the Federal Reserve increased the money supply by $28 billion, almost a 62% increase over an eight-year period.[3] This artificially created another boom.

1929  Federal Reserve Contracts the Money Supply

In 1929, the Federal Reserve began to pull money out of circulation as loans were paid back. They created a bust which was inevitable after issuing so much credit in the years before. The Federal Reserves actions triggered the banking crisis, which led to the Great Depression.

October 24, 1929  Black Thursday, Stock Market Crash

The most devastating stock market crash in history. Billions of dollars in value were consolidated into the private bankers hands at the expense of everyone else.

CONTINUED IN COMMENTS
 






















































 A lot of crazy youtube sources keep predicting a nuclear and/or biological attack during the 2012 Olympic Games in London. Similar to the signs that pointed towards 9/11 occurring. All for the purpose of increased fear and furthered security to unite the world under one totalitarian big brother governing body. Has anyone else heard this? Please, I'm not trying to be crazy with this. I just want to hear peoples' thoughts on this that may have some sort of related information. 

source: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bqGkNslqVxU 




 I know this is a safe-haven for trolls, but please, no creepy pasta. I'm genuinely interested in real encounters and experiences.  
























 I'm talking about the weirdos and the thespians alike. What's your personal view of someone who openly sings at any given time, without prompt? Even the black dudes who sing to themselves loud as they walk by with their iPhones blaring.  









 So many people use old testament verses to put down the bible and it's meaning. I personally feel a lot of the crazier stuff of the old testament like Exodus 21 is specifically addressed to the Hebrews of that time and shouldn't be pulled out of context to shut down any biblical argument. What do you think?

EDIT: I don't know, the one thing I've seen for sure is that people with different views need to meet somewhere more personal than the internet. Not to be rude, but this Christianity vs Atheist is the biggest circlejerk on Reddit 









 I just saw the movie, Prometheus, and even though I can see the events clearly occur before the Alien movie timeline; I'm confused how the movie directly ties in as a prequel. I felt like there were quite a few script holes and plot decisions that didn't make sense. I can't think of many off the top of my head, but the movie left me a bit jaded. 

Any ideas my Reddit friends? 




 My grandmother has cancer that has metastasized (spread) all through her body including her pancreas, liver, spleen, and spinal cord. She is 87 y.o. Her husband, my grandfather, died of cancer 4 years prior and, even though she is cheerful, has never been in good health since. The clear prognosis (likelihood of the disease progression) is terminal (death). Unfortunately, even with that most definite outcome, the physicians (doctors) insist on continuing to perform procedures; of which will be billed to her insurance company.

She suffers from severe back pain, due to the cancer's spinal cord involvement, and the physicians say they want to perform a biopsy (take out a piece of the cancer for examination) to determine the best method of pain control for her palliative care (care for someone who's dying). I, personally, have never heard of a cancer biopsy being necessary to determine specific treatment for pain. Especially palliative. 

I know I probably just seem angry and accusative, but I would like my grandmother to spend as much time at home with her family as possible before she passes. I don't want to openly know that the doctors and hospital are just trying to gain a profit from her suffering. 

If anyone with personal experience, like someone who encountered a similar situation or someone in the medical field, could shed some light on this it would be much appreciated.

PS - I'm not blood related if anyone wanted to tell me to get early screening etc. :) 



















 I see Michael Ironside (voice of Sam Fisher) is being replaced by a different actor in Splinter Cell: Blacklist. What I don't understand is, if the events takes place after Conviction (where Sam Fisher already seemed like he was getting older), why would they replace him with a young actor with a young voice and it even appears Sam's movement is that of young stud. Why wouldn't they just do a prequel or something, when Sam was just starting to kick ass or something. I donno, I just don't like the taste this is putting in my mouth.  




 I feel like no one knows what's going on. And don't give me bullshit. You can't tell me that our 21st century minds have any iota of a clue to what the fuck all "THIS" is (the universe etc). All that has come to be is new theories, nothing proven. Life after death is NOT proven or disproven. Although, I've heard a ton more stories of near death/ out of body experiences where people say they've seen something (white light, God, whatever). I mean, holy shit, how can one be so arrogant as to utterly deny something that they have no possible way of understanding. Science is great, and has helped mankind tremendously, but to say it negates a spiritual perspective is outright stupid.

If you believe in atheism so much, why do you come to this subreddit just to be reassured that what you believe is right? Your actions are no different than the religious you shoot down (Culminating in the church of atheism).  Also, its become almost an unsaid duty of atheists to put down religion (that just seems low and also pointless). If what you believe is what you believe and that's the end of it, the need for a community to support your belief is erroneous.

Atheism doesn't help anyone either. At least religion or some sort of discipline gives people hope in something more. All atheism does is spread the word of nothingness and self-service and usually just an underlying way of expressing disgust with religion.

There's also this association with being an atheist and being educated. That's just an outright lie because, education (math, science, history etc) and personal beliefs are almost mutually exclusive and being atheist does not necessitate a higher IQ in any sense. 

Take a step back and compare yourself to anyone you know. Your understanding of this world and what's beyond holds no stronger basis than your neighbor. Before you go out of your way to explain to people the lack of an existence of a god/gods, maybe you should step out of your comfort zones and do some searching yourself. Even if that searching is within.

tl;dr - /r/atheism = /r/circlejerk

PS - all those pictures people post of "famous" atheists and their quotes - I've never seen a single one of them smiling 8( 



















 For a male just looking to keep his face clean without using bar soap. 

What I've been doing is using dial soap in the shower to clean off the grease and then a moisturizer on my face to keep it from drying out. 

I just need something that will clean and moisturize without making me break out.  




























































































































































































































































































 Yeah there's four of them, Blood, Yellow bile, Black bile, and Phlegm. 




 can we please stop lying. can't you just title this, "look at my doggies! i told them to stay" then u would earn my up vote. but instead, you lie, LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE!!!! 




 But loves making a hundred music videos and performing live concerts 




 I think it's jusssst right 




 Don't take medication. It'll just create a need for it in your body that will increase your anxiety in the long run. Just pray, serve, be with people and exercise if you can. Realize that everything in your life is in the hands of Christ. Be Still And Know That I Am God. 




 [Hmm...](http://imgur.com/Ufbr5ej) 




 why couldn't skyrim look like this?
 




 the rabbit hole runs deep 




 you obviously are new to the internet 




 I love it cuz its British! 




 Sean of the Apes 




 surprise razorblade! 




 who decided Geoff Keighley was cool? 




 I believe in Christ and I can't go very many minutes without thinking about Him. But I just wanted to say, this weekend my coworkers have invited me to a tailgate where everyone seems to intend on getting drunk, and I think I will too. There also may be marijuana of which I will partake as well. I'm telling you all this because I really do believe in the Salvation of Jesus but I feel that I often times am on highs and lows, times where I am obedient and times where I openly disobey God. Please don't attack, but help me understand. Am I not saved? Being up and down like this? I just don't know what to say really.  




 star war. 




 Are these saying that Purgatory exists? 




 kids movies! 




 never really laughed so hard at a gif before. 




 not sure who will lose you but if not for family/friends losing you, Look forward to Heaven, it's gonna be the definition of the word Awe filled  




 maybe she just fell on him after kicking his dumb racist head in 




 trollolololol 




 Halloween Special! 




 check my comment. It's called irony bro. Learn some!....lol jk, who gives fuh? 




 Decent Conan 




 wadda idiot! chix cant smell 




 no, they're pretty vagina-like 




 thats about the gayest thing ive ever seene 




 haha "wait a minute, that carrrrrd" 




 Everyone hates Nazis but no one ever likes to look at it from the opposite perspective because they're afraid they'll see themselves 




 leave me alone random internet guy! 




 Yeah, GTA V's audience is far more expansive than CoD's. They might have been able to do a fraction of GTA's sales if they didn't pump out copypastas every year. Rockstar actually cares about their audience. Hence why they've never had an article written on them about trying to break sales records. That should come in hindsight if you really care about your audience.  




 Leave it to the Jew... 




 this should be on display in a big room art gallery 




 astute ftfy 




 [delete my butthole] 




 I am a friend of God, He calls me friiiiiiiiiiend! 




 Either way, fuck Hollywood and Zero Dark Thirty. That god damn movie was on metacritic top movies for 1 month prior to release and a god damn month after. Someone apparently really wants us to believe Osama Bin Laden was killed by SEALS...but we knew the [truth](http://imgur.com/4nhUs?tags) 




 When the hell is japan gonna happen 




 How do we solve problems? and when the news doesn't continue addressing issues, how do we pick it up again? We need some leadership. The kind that's not afraid to die. 




 what does your diet consist of? for proteins etc? 




 What will become of us? 




 Your girlfriend painted your toe nails... 




 not many people no that 




 Charlie Chaplin was [a]ctually a chick 




 I feel that every iteration of whatever racing series (Forza Motorsport, Gran Turismo etc.) all demo the amazing amount of detail put into the car models, yet they completely neglect some of the most fun parts of racing games - crashes. 

You have games such as Burnout that focus on that part of racing, yet it is on a grand end of the spectrum of racing games and takes a common part of cars and places it to the highest level. As entertaining as it is, it would be enjoyable to see what other game developers are capable of in the realm of car crashes and overall vehicle physics.

You have independent games such as [Beam NG](http://www.beamng.com/content/) that are experimenting with the limits of car destruction simulation and real time automobile malleability, which is exciting, novel and fresh. The only thing that comes as a shock is why more racing game developers haven't researched technology such as this and brought racing simulation to new level beyond current damage models. In some ways, when I play a racing game without realistic crashes, it's like playing a football game without tackles.  




 Tradition 




 I totally feel that. I felt like the maps were more open and the kills very satisfying. Twas the only multiplayer game that I played that I was totally satisfied with playing alone.  




 I've also got something funny to say....somewhere around here... 




 Who are these people, and how do you plan on differentiating them as you drop said bombs? 




 Let's bomb the shit out of this. 




 this istupid, EA should make halp-life 3 




 or maybe we'll just give them more funding so they're "better equipped" for next time... 




 Did you ever consider actually contributing? 




 In all honesty, these pics seem about right. Propaganda is not exclusive to every other country that isn't the United States. American soldiers are just as susceptible, if not, more so likely, to do some fucked up shit, just like every other human being. Down with the machine! 




 ohhhh boy! How generous our Microsoft overlords have become! 




 fuck tyler the creator. worst m-m-minimal beats I've ever heard. A job of a lyricist. Yall niggas dont' even no  




 I saw there was a 38 volume series that was released through Marvel, but I don't know where I could find these at for purchase? 




 Yeah, like Carl Saaaaaagan 




 half life episode 4 




 I hate how everything in our society is so hypocritical. Bad things happen everyday, people say fuck and shit and niggerfaggot alike, yet our media will run an entire story about a celebrity or coach who uses profanity as if they opened fire at a god damned navy yard. The News is owned and blatantly retarded, yet all these nursing homes hobos won't stop letting it overflow their grey matter.  




 Sheep up Wakel! 




 why the fuck would you trust the government? are you deaf and blind? at least you can copy paste wiki pages. 




 why didn't they just let us do it in the first place? since the register gives out cash anyway? 









 bastard from a basket! 



















 0.3.0.3 update was released on the 4th of September and I didn't know if it automatically updated or I had to download a patch through the game or external website? 




 I find death animations to be oddly distracting and repetitive. Is there a way to turn them off and use only ragdoll?  




 How do you think it should occur? All opinions are welcome. 














 I pray, I believe, I forgive, I read my Bible. I don't always go to church. I work full time as a nurse at a hospital. I work second shift and spend most of my time either sleeping, working, and free time late at night. My nights after work usually involve being with friends, or playing video games at home. I still struggle with pornography and various other daily sins that sometimes I do commit, and sometimes don't commit. I ask forgiveness and attempt to move forward. I just don't really know what I'm doing with my life anymore, because it seems like now that I'm working, time is flying by so fast. I feel like I've accomplished nothing for the Kingdom of Christ, other than trying to represent Him the best I can at work, I suppose. I don't get to see the body of Christ very often, and lately I've just been wondering if I am even fully following Christ. I just don't really know what to say or do anymore... 




 my origin name is JoelTheTroll  - add me or PM me if you want to play. I'm just getting started on PC and would love some friends to get started with, especially starting BF4 soon. I also need some advice on which mic setup to get. Thanks :) 



















 It works fine once you set it as primary in singleplayer but once i get to multiplayer it turns off at the beginning of a match and i have to unplug and plug it back in and i just don't get what is happening? 














 I purchased the game but have no idea really how to update or do much of anything technical. help? 














 I know this is probably posted a million times but I could use some prayers. I struggle with pornography and I just don't understand how to completely overcome it. There will be periods of time where I'll go on without doing it and I'll convince myself that it is gone forever, then temptation comes at me even harder, and I fall. I pray. I meditate. I even attempted to deliver myself from an unclean spirit that I thought may be hindering me (of which I'm still uncertain) and I can only ever last for maybe 2 weeks at the maximum. I want to overcome this because I want to show God that I'm ready for a serious relationship with him and possibly a wife, if he'll permit it. But I feel so held back. I feel accused by it, and then I feel weak. I turn to Jesus and know that  I am redeemed but I always feel like I'm such a let down to Jesus. I very much want to cleanse myself of this so that I can show God I'm ready and mature. But I suppose all I can ask for is prayers.  




 This is a very general, basic question...answer individually as you deem true.

But, I'll give you a specific example of my life...I am a new nurse at my local hospital and there is a particular female that I have began to find very attractive. Her outer beauty of course. But her personality is just so boisterous and exuberant. She is just a fantastic joy to listen to and a very positive energy. And I think what created the greatest attraction was when she would openly talk about Jesus in such a confident manor amidst fellow employees. The only unfortunate part is that, though our interactions have been positive and a possible chemistry is there, I feel that our jobs are so busy. We hardly have time to truly create a foundational friendship. This leaves me in a very silly situation. Logic tells me, don't be moronic and rushingly ask her out before you really know her and end up looking like a fool. But instinct tells me, if I wait too long and don't establish some sort of relationship, I will miss my chance and regret it. I'm not sure what to say really, because I know my issue is really a generally mild topic. I'm just at a strange point in my life where I have begun my career and it takes up a majority of my time, and I feel that my primary time to mingle will be in my work environment and I truly would enjoy having someone to share my life with. I know I'm probably wayyyy over thinking it, but I have no idea how to approach this situation, or if I should even give it a second thought. An odd duality of all or nothing. Maybe you can Pray that God give me a clear mind? 




 The Bible tells us that there's a constant war going on around us. A war that involves the spiritual heavenly hosts and principalities of darkness. I personally feel that this says so much in regards to the Christian faith. I feel that this says so much more than just going to church every Sunday and putting on a smile for our white suburban brothers at a midweek bible study. The bible is essentially saying there are beings that have existed, spiritually, in our world, or realm, for an uncounted number of lifetimes. The beings have seen nation rise and nation fall. These beings are the ultimate researchers on the human condition and can predict what you're going to do before you even decide that you will do it. Some of these creations have even sat at the foot of God's throne.
I suppose where my issue is, is in my own life. I, like many Christians, battle against Sin and the world daily. I pray. I read the Bible. I try to represent Christ the best I can. I fail many times. I know there is much more going on in our world than just what we see with our eyes and speak with our mouths. But at times, I wonder if I will ever truly understand or partake in this supernatural battle that rages on. I'm a nurse at a hospital who helps people daily, sure, but its still just a job at times. I then proceed home and fiddle on my computer and maybe be with friends. It's a relatively monotonous life, that has been replicated one billion times over in many other countries and timelines. 

I guess my biggest question is: Can I expect to experience God on a supernatural level, the kind that changes lives, or is my meandering lifestyle going to hold me back from truly seeing what I know is out there until the day my soul leaves body? 




 Wonder, Miracle, Beauty movies?  Suggest your favorite, if you'd be so kind.  
























 It truly is a fascinating piece of literature that fits within Biblical canon and timeline. It covers interesting topics such as End Times, detail on Fallen Angels interbreeding with human woman - creating giants (Nephilim mentioned in Genesis 6:4 and in Daniel, of whom were a primary cause of God's Flood) - and also covering "The Just One", commonly perceived as Christ. Below are also some references towards Enoch in the Bible. 

**Hebrews 11:5** - 5 By faith Enoch was taken from this life, so that he did not experience death: He could not be found, because God had taken him away. For before he was taken, he was commended as one who pleased God.

**Genesis 4:17-18** - 17 Cain made love to his wife, and she became pregnant and gave birth to Enoch. Cain was then building a city, and he named it after his son Enoch. 18 To Enoch was born Irad, and Irad was the father of Mehujael, and Mehujael was the father of Methushael, and Methushael was the father of Lamech.

**Genesis 5:18-19** - 18 When Jared had lived 162 years, he became the father of Enoch. 19 After he became the father of Enoch, Jared lived 800 years and had other sons and daughters.

**Genesis 5:21-24** - 21 When Enoch had lived 65 years, he became the father of Methuselah. 22 After he became the father of Methuselah, Enoch walked faithfully with God 300 years and had other sons and daughters. 23 Altogether, Enoch lived a total of 365 years. 24 Enoch walked faithfully with God; then he was no more, because God took him away.

**1 Chronicles 1:3** - 3 Enoch, Methuselah, Lamech, Noah.

**Luke 3:37** - 37 the son of Methuselah, the son of Enoch,

the son of Jared, the son of Mahalalel,

the son of Kenan,


What are you thoughts as to why it was not included in The Bible?
 



















 hes a drummer for the red hot choo choo fighterz 














 And why do people hate it? 
























 I ask this because, the majority of the time we come across something related to secret societies, such as the Illuminati, they are presented as a "Satanic" group and oppose the teachings of Jesus of Nazareth. Since the majority of the users in here are in opposition to this group, can I ask if your beliefs align with the Christian Theology?

Edit: Interesting that there is a lot of anti "religion" perspectives. Understandable. But when you examine the four Gospels and the example Jesus set within that narrative, some will note that Jesus too was against meaningless religion. He despised the Pharisees that had manipulated Judaism at that time for their own personal gain. It appears that what Jesus really came to do was demonstrate and create a way for individuals to be in direct communion with God. Jesus was liberating the people from religion and leading them to relationship and faith. When examining the source documents of the accounts with Jesus, one can immediately identify a paradoxical teaching that is prevalent between what Jesus said and what some modern religious establishments teach. In a way, The Illuminati, or Satan, would actually support the binding and legalism that some current "Christian" groups hold over there followers. While Satan has infiltrated religion, he fears the masses beginning to understand the relationship that can be had with God through Jesus.  









 What is its context? Why is it so harsh? Does it apply to modern day followers? 









 I think hearing about some people's low points in their faith or before they found Christ and how they bounced back through the power of Christ would encourage a lot of people who at times don't feel worthy of God's Love. But of course, God's Love is ever extending :) 




 I'm incredibly excited for GTA V coming out but I also feel as if though I shouldn't be and give up games all together. Any thoughts? 




 I have accepted Christ as my Lord and savior many years ago, but as many do, I have some questions. Lately, when I spend way too much time on Youtube, I get a really mixed message on Salvation. 

I watch these [videos](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OYINqTN1SBw) that tend to make me feel as if though I still am condemned, even after years of walking with Christ. I obviously haven't been perfect, and it's a daily struggle. But I just need some clarification on the life that Jesus excepts from me. When I watch these videos, it often times makes me terrified that I'm not doing enough. 

I've always been taught that Grace trumps the Law, but lately I'm feeling very condemned by the message of Law that's being presented. 

My life consists of working at a retirement home and daily reading my scriptures and praying. I still struggle with various sins and I just don't know what to think anymore. I am constantly bombarded with the message that I haven't done enough but also the message that only through Christ's sacrifice are we sufficient before God. When I come across opportunities to talk to people about Jesus, I do. Should I be doing more? Should I leave the working world? I feel condemned and I just need truth and encouragement.

TL;DR - I'm getting mixed messages 



















 I'm surprised more games don't use the awesome [Euphoria Animation System](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6F3lT1v79I) that can be seen in games like Max Payne 3 and Star Wars: The Force Unleashed. With the repetition that comes with seeing the same death animations in games like Call of Duty through the use of Motion Capture, you would think that more development studios would utilize the novelty and variety of Euphoria Animation. It's one of the primary reasons I always looked forward to most of the recent iterations in the Rockstar franchise. The level of visceral movement that is procedurally generated from the Euphoria engine leaves me wanting more after every experience and I would love to see how it will shape this generation and next generation games' animation development. Thoughts? 

[Bonus Montage lol](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2PJOYJjPmZw) 




 I'm surprised more games don't use the awesome [Euphoria Animation System](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6F3lT1v79I) that can be seen in games like Max Payne 3 and Star Wars: The Force Unleashed. With the repetition that comes with seeing the same death animations in games like Call of Duty through the use of Motion Capture, you would think that more development studios would utilize the novelty and variety of Euphoria Animation. It's one of the primary reasons I always looked forward to most of the recent iterations in the Rockstar franchise. The level of visceral movement that is procedurally generated from the Euphoria engine leaves me wanting more after every experience and I would love to see how it will shape this generation and next generation games' animation development. Thoughts? 

[Bonus Montage lol](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2PJOYJjPmZw)

 









 The Year: 2064

 

Grandpa walks into the living room to see his 6 year old grandson is laughing, laying prone in front of some sort of handheld gaming device while his

eyes are in REM. (Rapid Eye Movement)

 

"Hey buddy whaddya playin there?", asks grandpa looking at his grandson in confusion

 

 

Grandson quickly comes out of his REM and looks at his grandpa cheerfully and replies, "My Nintendo Synfesis Gwandpa!" With a lisp :) (Nintendo Synthesis)

 

 

Grandpa's confusion quickly subsides with a smile of relief and replies, "ohhh, Nintendo? Shoot, I used to have a

Game Boy back in the day. Played the heck outta that thing"

 

 

"Grandpaaaa, dis isn't da same as a silwy Game Boyy", Grandson says laughingly annoyed.

 

 

"Whaddya talkin' abouuut? Lemme see that thing", retorts grandpa with confidence.

 

 

"We can pway together!" Excitedly replies grandson. Grandson proceeds to hand grandpa another one of the devices.

The device is merely a 3x3in rectangular chrome device with a rounded spherical bottom. Similar to a three dimensional ellipse

divided in half with central a flat surface.

 

Grandpa examines it oddly, looking on all sides, "Where's the D-Pad?...How do I turn this thing on?"

 

 

Giggling, grandson exclaims, "You just have to holwd it with boff hands gwandpaaa"

 

 

"Oh, okay", grandpa says as he places both hands on the device, "What're we even 'playing' anyway?"

 

 

"Caww of Duty: Stormfront!", excitedly replies grandson as he quickly gets comfortable and places both hands on the device,

at which point you begin to hear a low binaural beat begin to build within the system and slowly growing louder.

 

 

"Well CoD's kinda gay -- but What the heck is that sound?", asks grandpa in confusion.

 

 

"It's startin' up Gwandpa", replies grandson with a big innocent smile.

 

 

As the noise begins to grow grandpa's mind begins to wonder into nostalgic memories, "Oh...well you know when I was your age,

I would play Pokemon none stop. I swear, I had the best line-up ever. My Dragonite was level 100 -- " Suddenly,

within the blink of an eye grandpa is transported to a drop ship transport about to land in the middle of a barren planet war zone. He looks around

in frantic fear and confusion, seeing he is surrounded by a dozen other future soldiers preparing to fight. Everyone is strapped into their seats with

metal chest harnesses, wearing futuristic black and grey military protective equipment and wielding heavy assault rifles. The ship is severely turbulent

as it draws nearer to the surface of the battle. "What the hell is happening!? Where am I?!!!", cries Grandpa

to all of the nameless soldiers he is seated next to. All of which seem have their wits about them.

 

 

"Private! Get your shit together! Now is not the time to lose it!", commands what appears to be the Sergent of the ship's unit.

 

 

Grandpa is shocked in fear facing the Sergent, who returns his body to the upright position of his harnessed seat while someone next to grandpa gestures

the Catholic cross across their chest as they kiss their Christian pendant. Grandson then reveals his smiling face and waves "Hi, gwandpaaa!", says grandson

with cheer.

 

 

"Oh my God! What the hell is happeningggg!!!??" screams grandpa.

 

 

"We got to take the Cwompound, gwandpa" replies grandson as he rocks his head from side to side joyfully.

 

 

"What!!? What the hell are you talking about? What is this!!?, exclaims grandpa in utter fear and calamity.

 

 

"Just fowwow me grandpa!" laughs grandson as the ship comes to a sudden halt.

 

 

"OhGodFUCK! What is hap-!" grandpa is screaming as The harnesses suddenly rise, and the side hatch of this ship immediately burst open. The noise quickly grows ten-fold, with near by explosions and dust flying so thick that its barely visible to see more than 20 feet in front of oneself.

 

"Alright Men! Into eternity we fly!" shouts the Sergent as he throws his hand forward giving the command to charge. Large amounts of similar ships can be

seen landing, and leaving near their drop zone.The terrain is virtually flat as the dust bowl continues to fog any view besides what lies ahead.

 Hundreds of soldiers are running into the clouds of fog.

Many of which are being mowed down by continued chain

gun fire and blown to pieces by explosions and artillery.

 

Grandpa, standing in the haul doorway of the drop ship stares in disbelief at what he is witnessing when suddenly he feels quick jab to his

right leg and a grab

at his hand from grandson exclaiming, "Come on gwandpa, follow meeee". Grandson begins to run haphazardly into the fray of smoke.

 

"Wait! NO!" Grandpa yells as he suddenly becomes aware of his grandson sprinting into a firefight. Grandpa proceeds to sprint after him. As he runs blindly in grandson's last known direction,

all he can see is random soldiers faces gliding with him in his run as well as the amount of vigor and strength he now has that was not previously existent in his normal body's elder state.

This revelation is quickly forgotten as nearly as soon as he sees more soldiers passing by him in the haze, they are quickly swept down by bursts and flashes of light and blasts from

whistling bombs from above. Dirt and debris began to soil grandpa's clothing.

A sudden cut back to grandpa and grandson in the living room shows both of them experiencing REM with grandpa's mouth wide open making odd screaming noises and grandson smiling and giggling.

Cut back to the battlefield, the only usable cover are large boulders that randomly appear through the haze. A large explosion in the distance knocks grandpa down to the ground, the heat from the blast causes his face

to be flushed in even more sweat. Grandpa scrambles on all fours to the nearest boulder that is nearly 12ft high and sizable enough

to cover four men. Large numbers of other soldiers continue to pass by on both sides. Grandpa presses his body tightly against the boulder next to soldiers of which are poised to return fire with no direct leader.

On grandpa's side is a medic attempting to revive an unconscious soldier with CPR and various medicinal shot administrations that only require the grasp of a trigger to instill into the skin. This is to no avail.

 

"God damn it, wake up!" Screams the medic to the dead soldier, of whom has a severe burns and lacerations to the entire front of the body.

 

The soldier on grandpa's other side nearest the edge of cover pops out and shoots blindly into the fog screaming, "Motherfuckerrrrsss!".

A stray bullet flies in and goes directly between the soldiers neck and clavicle. He collapses in front of grandpa grasping his neck as blood begins to spray out of his artery

with each heart beat. Grandpa's face is stricken with shock as he lets out a girlish screech.

 

"Fuckin' pull him over here!" Demands the medic. With slight hesitation, grandpa begins to drag the hemorrhaging soldier closer to cover and the medic. As he lets go, the medic screams for

grandpa to, "Hold pressure on it!". As grandpa places his hands in a viscous pool of blood, his clothes and face are quickly covered in red spurts and drops with each diminishing amount of

circulation. A sudden cut back to the living room shows a paralleled horror on grandpa's face.

 

"Stay with me!" screams the medic as he scrambles through his pack for more gauze pads. The nameless soldier is looking directly in to the eyes of Grandpa as the soldier takes his last

liquid filled breaths and his eyes leave focus past grandpa and into the distance. The pressure from the open vessel that grandpa is rigorously holding begins to halt completely and the soldier's eyes slowly fade shut.

Covered in blood and earth, grandpa stares deeply in astonishment at the man that is lifeless in his arms. Grandpa hears no sound around him.

 

 

"Whatchya doin' gwandpa???", abruptly questions grandson of which pulls grandpa from his haze in disbelief that his grandson was standing before him, let alone smiling. The assault rifle almost larger than he was.

"We gotta' take the compownd, gwandpa. Hurwy up!" Grandson grabs grandpa's hand and pulls him up off his knees and they begin to race in the direction that all the other soldiers are heading.

In the distance, the flashes from the machine guns can be seen quickly approaching. As they came closer, the number of bodies increased as well as the number falling soldiers all around them.

Grandpa sees a large trench system approaching, and grandson jumping into it. In fear for his grandson's life, he races into the trench. He follows his grandson's lead and keeps his head down.

They are now progressing through a large labyrinthine trench and begin to follow a small group of about eight allied soldiers. The gun fire and explosions are constant and it is nearly suicide to lift

attempt a view outside of what was becoming a mass grave. The dust was not as nearly as dense within the trench system and soldiers could be seen attempting to enter the trench only to be laced with crossfire. The artillery fire

was creating large amounts of debris and, at times, human extremities to soar through the air.  

 

 

"They're fuckin' killin' us out there! We need to take that compound!" Exclaims the drop ship Sergent, as he slides to meet his team within the trench.

 

 

Grandpa's heart is in a constant state of continuous adrenaline and his pupils are fixed on following his grandson and the other soldiers in any direction they choose to progress.

 

"Don't worwy gwandpa, I know where I'm gowing. I beat this pwart yestawday", reassures grandson. Grandpa continues to follow in complete amazement and horror.

They suddenly approach within 25 meters, the flank of a larger artillery gun and anti-air guns that combined blasts create vibrations so dense that, with each explosive blast, the ground is shaken to its core and human

ears enter into utter shell shock ringing and tinnitus. Grandson abruptly throws up  his fist, giving the command to halt. Grandpa stares in focus and silence as he sees the enemy is completely unaware, garbed in

ghillie suit uniforms that match the gray and tanned tones of this alien world. Grandson motions for half of the assembled team to approach the artillery nest from a branching trench path, creating an alternative

angle of attack.

 

Without hesitation, grandson turns around to grandpa and says, "You eva shwot one-a deez?", revealing a missile launcher and tossing it at grandpa who nearly stumbles upon catching it. Grandpa stares in bewilderment.

"It's swimple, just aim and shwoot." Giggles grandson as he motions the remaining men to ready their rifles. "On my cwommand", says grandson. Grandpa quickly shakes himself out of his emotional paralysis and readys the launcher on

his shoulder, looking down the display system. Which aumatically targets the largest artillery canon, stating "FIR RDY". The artillery team continues their foundation shattering battery and the team of soldiers lead by

grandson have their rifles aimed at the ready directly towards the enemy nest and grandpa is sitting shaking with a rocket launcher reluctantly pointed at an unknown adversary. Time comes to a near crawl and the beads of sweat

roll down grandpa's jittering face....

 

"COVERWING FIYA!!!" Commands grandson with all the air in his little lungs as he and the rest of the team light up the air with assault rifle rounds into the naive opposing forces. At that moment, grandpa, reflexively pulls the launching

trigger and a missile expels a huge back draft that pushes the dust around the trench out in all directions and in the blink of an eye the projectile burst forward and then 100 ft straight into the air. The recoil cascades

grandpa onto his back. All he can see is nameless soldiers unloading clips in a congruent direction and his grandson laughing as he hip fires his gun using a shoulder strap. Without warning, like a comet, the projectile hurdles

directly downward and a bright flash of blinding white light and silence is all that can be sensed. Everyone takes cover and awaits visual clarity. Of which is obtained after a large gust of particles are pushed past the entire squad

through the cravas of the trench. All that remains is a massive thick smoke cloud, forming out of a crater in the ground where the artillery nest was previously located. As grandpa began to gain his bearring, white ash began to settle

over them like snow.

 

"Nice shwot, gwandpa!" exclaims grandson as all the soldiers cry out in victory. Amongst the shear epicness of the entire situation, grandpa manages to release a small smirk on his mug as the chills of success reverberate throughout his spine.

 Grandpa looks at his grandson, as he begins to climb to the edge of the trench and stand before his fellow soldiers. "We have twaken down deir defwenses. Now we must bwing down their stwonghold! Fowwow me to Victorweee!!!"

Grandson cries as he lifts his guns over his head with both arms. Every soldier, including grandpa cannot help but roar with courage.

 

*CRACK*

 

Is all that is heard. Grandson stumbles at his perch, and places his hand on his chest revealing crimson painting his fingers.

 

"Noooooo!!" Screams grandpa as he rushes to bottom of the trench and catches his grandson as he falls. All is silent as every soldier stares onward at grandpa holding his fatally wounded grandson in his embracing arms. Tears glisten down his face,

unable to vocalize his grief past his disbelief.

 

"Gwandpa", whispers grandson in grandpa's ear.

 

"Yes", quickly relishes grandpa - at his kin's every word.

 

 

"GAME OVERRRRRRRRRRR", interrupts an ominous and robotic voice heard over top all the game world. At which the entire environment begins to suddenly breakdown around grandpa and he and grandson are rapidly whisked back to the their living room.

 

Grandpa looks onward in a stupor, completely motionless for several seconds when grandson interrupts, "What do ya fink gwandpa??" Pausing, and taking a few curious sniffs of the air, "What's dat smell?"

 

 

Cuts to an exiting add line from Nintendo stating, "Nintendo Synthesis - It'll make your grandpa shit his fuckin' pants" 




 A colossal planetary orb overlooks our home. Nearly at the climax of its Kiss with the rock we call Earth. Some of the most amazing shades of blue you'll ever see. Colors you don't find here. Colors artists attempt, and fail to replicate. It only peaks every 68 years, but you can always see it coming months in advance. A new star in the sky at first, then within half a year's time, the harvest moon dawns forth its peak. Some call it our planet's passing lover, some call it the thief, because it always drags our moon with it for a time before gravity can set itself right - which it always does. But when it does come, its always an exciting time here. The world seems to come together for nearly a year in the common endeavor to appreciate what some hold as God's passing eye. It pushes the rain away from certain areas, and you always know it's closest when the clouds gather and the water just won't stop falling. And then comes the twilit days and shadowless nights. By the time the sun hits noon, the sky is eclipsed, and the blue hues don't miss anything after sun down. It truly is an experience that all should share in at least one lifetime.

Sheel and I laid under the aquatic nightlight, atop our favorite get away spot overlooking our village - Of which was celebrating Peak Banquet. The festival lights gave illusion that the night's excitement was nearly at its apex, paralleling the sapphire that penetrated our night. I felt almost invigorated by the energy the blue bulb in the sky was giving off. And when we got away from all the noise, its song can be heard through energetic vibrations that hum only soft enough for those who listen closely - those who seek to hear. And as we laid there, holding hands, I could feel the vastness of the cosmic sphere reverberating through us both, nearly enhancing through our physical connection.

"They say it's getting closer, you know", Sheel gently let out. In my near hypnosis, I nearly missed what she'd said.

"Ah... You don't buy into that Collision Course fear do you?" I rattled off in nearly the same words I've heard from my parents time and time again. She paused for a long while, her eyes reflecting equally beautiful seas of blue back at the monster in the sky.

"I don't know...my father's been doing a lot of work at the observatory lately, and he says...something's changed." Her gaze never broke from the atmosphere, and I had no words to say. "He says at this rate, this might be the last cycle before...The Event. Silence filled the air as what she said began to pass over me. Fireworks could be seen popping and fading in sparkling reds and yellows near village square. The irony of it all nearly brought a smile to my face. We laid there quietly, looking directly at what some held in highest form of natural phenomenon and beauty, and by the same means, could very well bring about our end. But the fear, the fear had not over taken me. I knew I was exactly where I was suppose to be. Sheel grasped my hand even tighter, we looked into each others' eyes, and all I could hear was that gentle hum. 




 Can this fraud go on any longer? Can this self perpetuating cycle of debt sustain itself? I know no one can predict the future but does anyone have any predictions about the future of our beloved "centralized banking system"? Will their reign cease to fall? Or will it collapse in upon itself? 









 My life is pretty boring. I work 2-11pm and then go hang out with friends until 4AM, the majority of which aren't Christians. I try to hang out with some Christian friends but often time find myself bored because they think having fun is watching a Disney movie or something. I then sleep until I have to go back to work again. My life is boring and I don't know how to reinvigorate my Faith and life. Could use prayer and guidance.  









 I watched a video about an African pastor who had an out of body experience (OBE) in which he died and saw [Heaven and Hell](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MA7mtcJ748U) and was brought back to life. The angel told him that if he died right now he would go to Hell because he did not forgive his wife of what she had done in the past. This filled me with a lot of fear, as I wondered what other Sins I may be committing that could detrimentally send me to Hell if I did not make myself right with God and how I go about that. It confused me, as well, making me thankful that Jesus presented this pastor with his separating Sin but wonder where the line is drawn where we are covered by grace but also held accountable? 

I know this crosses the barrier of works vs grace, but I need some Biblical encouragement and clarification. Maybe some personal experiences? 




 I feel like I'm in a constant battle with sin and am constantly losing. I need encouragement, because at times I fear the loss of my salvation. I try to be good, but i make so many mistakes. Sometimes I wonder if i was ever saved at all. But i truly do believe and understand Christ forgives all sins and try to live a good life but I sometimes hide from God, in a world of sin. I just need prayer for this struggle. Encouraging words and thank you.  




 I live in the basement and my room has a bathroom on the other side of the room. In the dream, I thought I saw strange lights coming from the bathroom. Wearing only my undies, I went over to investigate. As I approached the door, I can hear a vibratory noise growing louder with every closing step. In a bold curiosity, I burst open the door to witness three shadowy figures standing side by side in my bathroom, one substantially taller in the center of them. The vibrational noise was nearly deafening and originated from a black portal that stretched the length of the wall. It was wide enough for one person to enter through at a time and had a purple energetic hue pulsating around it. In fear of these featureless entities, I immediately fall backwards out of the bathroom grasping the knob, pulling the door closed. Nearly instantly, I snap out of my shock and am determined that whatever they are doing is malevolent. Being already on the floor, I thrust my body into the door to stop whatever it is they are doing. Now there is a large gust of energy and sound that is pressing back to keep me from entering. I am barely able to peak my head in as my hair flies back from the propulsive forces. I witness the two smaller entities begin to depart by stepping casually through the portal. In utter terror, I am left beholding the larger creature standing before me. He proceeds to slowly turn, that which I consider to be the shape of his head, in my direction. I lay pressed against the door and forceful winds, vulnerable and powerless as to his next action. Suddenly, he projects a grotesque  image of a mummified face, wrappings loosely hanging off, and shoots this illusion in my direction with a swift breath. I am abruptly overtaken with a fearful paralysis that casts me to the ground, shutting the door.  That's when I wake up.  









 If a lot of people on here believe 9/11 was an inside job, who should be held responsible? Just like any other crime, who would have benefited the most from this particular string of events? I know many companies benefit from war, but are there any particular individuals that are highly connected? 




 ...and why there are no alternative theories besides creationism? 









 Its a beautiful woman with a green background and she has a beast with a snake body but with a ton of different animal heads. It's an amazing picture but i can't find it anywhere on the internet. Any ideas of who it is or a link? Thank you 




 Often times when I feel spiritually moved and sometimes without feeling internally emotional, I experience a vibration or chills that reverberate through my body. I experience this often times and most commonly only when I am partaking in or thinking about something related to Jesus or God. Does anyone else have experiences of "feelings" that they usually equate with the presence or stirring of The Holy Spirit? 




 A colossal planetary orb overlooks our home. Nearly at the climax of its Kiss with the rock we call Earth. Some of the most amazing shades of blue you'll ever see. Colors you don't find here. Colors artists attempt, and fail to replicate. It only peaks every 68 years, but you can always see it coming months in advance. A new star in the sky at first, then within half a year's time, the harvest moon dawns forth its peak. Some call it our planet's passing lover, some call it the thief, because it always drags our moon with it for a time before gravity can set itself right - which it always does. But when it does come, its always an exciting time here. The world seems to come together for nearly a year in the common endeavor to appreciate what some hold as God's passing eye. It pushes the rain away from certain areas, and you always know it's closest when the clouds gather and the water just won't stop falling. And then comes the twilit days and shadowless nights. By the time the sun hits noon, the sky is eclipsed, and the blue hues don't miss anything after sun down. It truly is an experience that all should share in at least one lifetime.
Sheel and I laid under the aquatic nightlight, atop our favorite get away spot overlooking our village - Of which was celebrating Peak Banquet. The festival lights gave illusion that the night's excitement was nearly at its apex, paralleling the sapphire that penetrated our night. I felt almost invigorated by the energy the blue bulb in the sky was giving off. And when we got away from all the noise, its song can be heard through energetic vibrations that hum only soft enough for those who listen closely - those who seek to hear. And as we laid there, holding hands, I could feel the vastness of the cosmic sphere reverberating through us both, nearly enhancing through our physical connection.
"They say it's getting closer, you know", Sheel gently let out. In my near hypnosis, I nearly missed what she'd said.
"Ah... You don't buy into that Collision Course fear do you?" I rattled off in nearly the same words I've heard from my parents time and time again. She paused for a long while, her eyes reflecting equally beautiful seas of blue back at the monster in the sky.
"I don't know...my father's been doing a lot of work at the observatory lately, and he says...something's changed." Her gaze never broke from the atmosphere, and I had no words to say. "He says at this rate, this might be the last cycle before...The Event. Silence filled the air as what she said began to pass over me. Fireworks could be seen popping and fading in sparkling reds and yellows near village square. The irony of it all nearly brought a smile to my face. We laid there quietly, looking directly at what some held in highest form of natural phenomenon and beauty, and by the same means, could very well bring about our end. But the fear, the fear had not over taken me. I knew I was exactly where I was suppose to be. Sheel grasped my hand even tighter, we looked into each others' eyes, and all I could hear was that gentle hum. 














 only I understand the complexities of dish-doing 














 Often times from the teens to mid 20s, I've noticed women are more interested in the a-hole or the one who doesn't pay them as much attention. Does this perspective change in women as they get older and look back and wish they would have dated that nice guy? And if so, at what point do most girls then find the nice guy more appealing? 




 With oil controlling the market and primarily how most cars are fueled, what do you foresee the future of automobiles and overall transportation developing towards?     Flying cars is an acceptable answer 














 If he hypothetically didn't die and the news is just presenting him as dead, won't they easily be contradicted when he strikes again? If his wallet was found at the scene of the burning building, how was his ID identified at the U.S./Mexican border? Was the character of Dorner a creation of the media to distract us from something? There just seems to be a lot of contradictions that I am not understanding.  














 What are the riches that we receive in Heaven? I've realized I am nothing without God, and I have put my faith in salvation in Jesus as He who has given me the grace to enter His Father's kingdom. My only issue is that sometimes I do not always go "without sin" and I am ashamed of this. I'd ask that you pray for me about this. I am also curious as to what are the riches of Heaven that we receive? Do some of us get a gold mansion and others end up in a cardboard box? I would be okay with being homeless in Heaven than a landlord in Hell. Once again, I'd ask that you would pray that I would see no pleasure in Sin and love God through obedience, and if you can help me to understand my overlying question, thanks! Jesus is endless gracious :) 




 This is the internet. Fuck you --- Shun shunnnnn shhhhunnnn. Obama. Huffington Post. Papa Johns. Everyone better share MY interests! MY INTERESTS! MINE!!!!!!!!! ME ME ME ME MEEEeeeee  









 I see a lot of evil in this world, especially in the corruption of the United States government. Don't get me wrong, I understand the power of prayer and the coming of Jesus one day, but is it wrong of me to want to make a change with violence? Our forefathers were Christian, and they fought for their independence from tyranny a few hundred years ago. Is it such a bad thing to want to take a stand against the direction that I see our nation heading towards? Some may not see our country going in the direction of evil and tyranny that I perceive but I can feel it in my bones and feel it necessary to make some sort of serious change or resistance in the future. Any thoughts? Please consider what I'm saying, because countries like Germany and China have disarmed their citizens prior to enslaving them in past and I see it coming soon. It's obvious Satan has infiltrated our government long ago. I just need some serious discourse. Thank you.  



















 At times when I read the Gospels I feel this amazing sense of freedom from sin when Jesus preaches his purpose and in the later books that speak about works NOT being what gets you to Heaven. But then I see other scriptures that talk very highly of repentance and completely ridding your life of sin or else you will go to Hell. It creates this confusion, or paradox that leaves me stranded in my Faith. There are certain sins that I struggle with daily, and am trying to overcome. Yet because I have not overcame them, I feel various preaches condemning me to Hell, even though I have faith that Jesus is my representative before God and has justified me. I don't use Jesus to reason why I should continue sinning, I just fall sometimes and I can't comprehend this mixed message of Law vs Grace.  




 I've been having difficulty lately as a new RN grad to find a job that doesn't require at least 6 months of experience and I was recently hired as an RN in a local nursing home. Apparently I will be one of the only RN's they have and their pay is, from what I heard, "an insult to RNs" - 15$/hr. Which for me is fine, as its a pay increase from minimum wage and I need the experience. Any advise from other nurses who worked in the assisted living field?  












































 2 interceptions in his first two drives in a needed win for a playoff spot against Washington. And a huge turnover in the last drive that could have pushed them into the post season. I'm sick of Romo, its time for a change.  









 such as the federal reserve, etc. Don't know much about them, but they have such an impact on one of the greatest topics within our countries politics. 




 You would think there wouldn't be so much insecurity and scrutiny about something that all men have and have no control over  




 why or why not? 




 Don't spare the details. How you felt, what it looked like, why you did it. All killers are welcome 




 ...particularly a female :D 









 I work at a bar so my sleep schedule is already pretty off. I sleep in everyday and stay up late normally. But lately, as we enter winter, I sleep in longer and longer. What's even weirder is sometimes I'll wake up, have a hearty breakfast and want to go right back to sleep for a few more hours. I'm also struggling finding a real job out of college and I don't know if that is creating a depression inside myself that also adds to my desire to sleep. But I'm also just generally interested in the normal changes that happen to the human body entering into the winter months. Thanks  




 Crisis 2 wasn't as great a hit as they anticipated, mainly due to it's CoD style compromised gameplay. I just don't anticipate Crisis 3 to do any better due to in part that it seems like it being rushed out the door.  




 there are other good musical artists out there. Wait...he must be atheist? no? liberal? no? ahhhhh, wait, wait, a white, college educated, cat lover?....I'm stumped 




 I keep hearing the US economy is about to implode and I hear it is smart to put your assets in Gold and Silver rather than paper generated money. Is this pointing to the idea of a debt based economy that we all just put our faith into? Also, how would I go about purchasing gold and silver? 




 BORRRRRRINGGGGGGG 












































 make that 7 




 I always find that as soon as I demonstrate an interest towards a female, she seems to hold very little interest. But the girl that I don't care about and pick on, most commonly has interest in me? It just seems to be a cruel cycle.  



















 I know a lot of games have deadlines and I'm curious to hear from the perspective of the developers who are forced to put out a product long before they feel it is ready or satisfactory. Thanks :) 




 I'm curious as to their purposes and how and what the body uses them for. Also, in what order and when does your body break down your own body's tissues for energy? Maybe you could also relate this to working out so people have a good idea of what workouts burn fat/and build muscle and maybe proper nutrition? I know its a lot, and tackle this as you see fit. Thank you ahead of time 




 For most Christian men, masturbation is a struggle. Lust is accompanies it. About three weeks ago I stopped looking at porn/masturbating and felt incredibly strong in my faith. Oddly enough, the temptations became stronger as I felt my hormones rising daily. My hope was to have a wet dream - so I'd feel blameless etc etc. I didn't and just today I suddenly gave in and now I feel super guilty. But people alert me that guilt is not from God, and that it's not through anything we do that gets us to Heaven but through Christ alone and what He did on the cross. So, why do I still feel this incredibly amount of guilt when I should, quite possibly, be joyous that even in my lows, Jesus still loves me?

Thanks

PS - also, I gave in kind of after I felt that I had received what I wanted, which was a passing grade on a huge certification exam. I told myself that didn't play into it and that I just wanted to love and obey God, but I feel that after getting what I wanted, my selfish motives were presented 10 fold. Thoughts/prayers? and thnx

EDIT: Sorry if im not politically correct about terms. Just being honest 














 When I asked my father about the recent bombings, he responds by saying that he hopes they kill all of those muslim radicals. I try to explain to him that the situation is a lot more complicated than that and that Israel is more so to blame than Pakistan and that Israel is just as horrible to Pakistani people, he just brushes me off. He tries to quote the news but I attempt to explain to him that the news is going to paint our allies in a good light because the news is run by Israel and his immediate response is , "oh, you're an Antisemite". And it's just so frustrating trying to have a conversation with him because he sees everything from the perspective of a closed minded american who sits on his couch and watches football all day. I just don't feel educated on the topic enough to present my points out reasonably. Can someone help me to justify that Israel isn't as good as we make them out to be and why we're even allies with them?

EDIT: Palestine....shows how much I know.... 














 I met this non-Christian girl and we hit it off very well initially. It went so well as for me to, in some ways, set aside my belief that Christians have to marry other Christians, as I thought it would be too closed minded for me to give up an opportunity with someone like her. She is very kind, beautiful and loving and we had a great time the first few times we hung out. She then, randomly, alerted me over text message that she is in a 2 year relationship that is now long distance, but obviously still wanted to be friends. When I heard that, I actually cried, it was embarrassing, and I was at work and my boss saw me and let me go home. I thought I'd probably never hear from her much after that but she would still contact me in the mornings via text to see how my day was going and we went on a hike where I was able to share the gospel with her and very briefly express my feelings and desire to maintain friendship (tho I want more). As much as I figured the relationship would remain platonic, the generally flirtatious messages were still being sent from her. Eventually I felt as though she was tapering me out of her life, as I didn't receive any messages for a few days. But then, just yesterday she invited me over to watch a movie with her. We did so and nothing happened but at this point I just don't know how to take her. Because in her mind, she might think she has cleared the air with me and can play the innocent card if I confront her about our purposes together, but I can't help but feel as if though she is using me just for attention/back up in case things with her boy friend don't work out. I on the other hand struggle deeply because, I want to do the things of God and love her unconditionally without expectation, and not even focus on a relationship, but my internal fleshly desires want something more and its really confusing/tearing me up inside. I constantly feel like there are things unsaid between us, and I am afraid to be completely honest with her as I fear that I will ruin what we have or what God is using me for in her life. At the root, I know that the only relationship I require is in Christ, but I am struggling deeply and could use some wise interpretations as to what is occurring. Thank you. 





























 nice touch with the wine at the end 




 So like, before humans, God created Angels. They were his servants and Lucifer was born the greatest of all. He was born perfect, given consciousness directly in the presence of perfection and radiant light (God). Over time, Lucifer became jealous of God receiving all the glory and, being so powerful, deceived himself that he too could be Lord over all - Higher than God. Which is just logically an impossibility. That's like a a character in a story believing they could be greater than the person that wrote them into existence. Anyway, having once deceived himself, Lucifer convinced 1/3 of God's Angels to join his army and rebel against God. God then cast the Angel's out of his highest chambers of Heaven, banishing them. After this, at some point in space and time, God created humans. Satan then proceeded to deceive humans into disobeying God, making them believe God was trying to hold them back from becoming "like God" if they obtained the knowledge of good and evil. This is called Sin - disobeying God. Ever since the *fall of man*, and progressively throughout history, the fallen angels and demonic forces have existed within and out of our realm (spiritually), affecting us directly and indirectly. Whether that be through temptation or various other methods such as possession, demons have had a negative effect on our world. Fortunately, through the power of prayer, we have been given authority through the Holy Spirit of God and the authoritative name of Jesus to command these spirits to have no power over others and ourselves. This is all due to the faith that we have in God through Jesus Christ and His sacrifice for our Sins. This brings terrible anguish to Lucifer (Satan), as he knows his fate has long since been sealed and doesn't want anyone to know the power that can found through the love of Yeshua (Jesus).

Ps - it's just so freeing to humble oneself before God and embrace the forgiveness that Jesus offers. Once someone accepts that love and knows their name is written in the book of Life for eternity, God will shape you into the Christ-like individual He originally intended you to be. Salvation happens in a moment, Sanctification occurs over a life time. 




 becuz who cares about iOS games? u should go make one, who knows, you might make a billion dollhairs! 




 His *Seven Swans* album is definitely the most Biblically inspired, but his music is so varied I wouldn't say it falls under the category of Christian. Rather, he is a Christian who makes beautiful music and, at times, pulls those themes into his lyrics. *Illinois* is for sure his most popular album but I consider them all very enjoyable. 

also, rel4ted to prayer - There is authority over  the spiritual forces in the name of Jesus, Yeshua. As in, authority over all spiritual beings has been given to him by the will of God (the author of all life). "12 For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places." So, when you pray, pray that the spiritual forces that are not of Christ be bound and cast away *in the name of Jesus - Amen* (Truth) - There's a lot of supernatural things going on in our natural perspective that we don't even realize. Thankfully, we have our Lord to guide us through.  




 /r/circkjerk 




 whatever happened to pop icons being muscular, tall and sexy? 




 People are deceived, people think religion belongs in what our United States has turned politics into. It's all for show and the show has created a culture where if you affiliate with A religion, you should stand by B candidate. That's an idiotic and closed off mindset. Most likely, those politicians care more about their deep pockets than pleasing Christ. And the elections are blatantly rigged. There were scores of people supporting Ron Paul, but the establishment would not allow it. The media is owned. It IS propaganda. The world is ran by Satan and his human puppets. All we can do is look to Christ for freedom in the afterlife and present people with the truth of his gospel today.  




 Prayer is just demonstrating that you wish to communicate with the one who created you. Also, you pray, God moves. You pray and Angels are sent by the scores to lovingly attend to you or others. There is much power in prayer. An unseen spiritual power that begins with aligning our will with Christ through love and humility.

Ps- Listen to Sufjan Stevens.  




 I've just come to terms with the fact that, as a Christian, I have no right to be offended. Ever. It's just not part of my purpose for being. It also makes no sense to get offended by words because that's just empowering those words to have a deeper grasp on you.  




 she's so pretty :) 




 why's its eyes so dilated? 




 nyahaaaa 




 yes

EDIT: for OCD 




 it's not like anyone would see that you "edit" it right? and usually they mark EDIT for really pointless edits. 




 quit forcing me to watch your god damn PYRAMIDS! 




 its like a SlugCat that, much like the other creatures in the post-apocalyptic world, have adapted to hibernating for extended periods of time until the need to hunt for food becomes necessary. It's body type extends to the physical gameplay, allowing for serpentine and fluid movements through the tight, industrial environment. I'm just excited, because the combat looks non-repetitive and generally fun.  









 lol i always appreciate a cartoon with good artwork, established character relationships, comedy and self awareness. This show might have a slow start to its first season, but will definitely have some backing here before the 2nd season or once it hits netflix. at least i hope so. 




 "Is he keepin' his shoulder's square!?"

"Ooo, he's tryin'!" 




 fugg getting mugged by a thug wearing uggs drinking from a pugg jugg 




 are you breaking up your own party? 




 lel 




 ,says Homeless Man 




 AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHshutup 




 lol "a douchbag comment". you act as if tho you've never been on the internet before. What's your AIM screen name? 




 w/evs. didn't seem intentional. seemed more reflexive than anything. Their biggest fine is not making the super bowl, end of story. 




 like it matters to you at all. We should make all internet people in charge of blindly fining players.  




 Broooooooo 




 you shut your hole! 




 Angry Joe is not entertaining. 




 Positive, encouraging - K-Love! 




 "my father just died. Please...someone take a picture of me so I can post it on Reddit" 




 [yes is it](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7Bqob-weFk) 




 I mean, how am I, as the viewer, suppose to be informed on a topic when characters such as Piers Morgan and Nancy Grace never allow their guest to get a single word out other than their opening statements.  




 never watched the show. Can't relate. Downvote  




 You "got lost"? 




 Prof. Stuntman 




 thanks man. thank you very much. Christ bless 




 I want to stop fapping. I've tried. Made it the most 18 days. I've prayed and asked for the temptations to leave me. I've fought through it many times before, but the day to day just never ends. I want to "repent" of this Sin, but God, it's so hard to go through this everyday. And I legitimately see no end in site. I could go a year, two years, 50 years down the road, and then do it again and maybe my anxiety is unwarranted but i really could use some insightful christians to chime in on this subject and God's forgiveness. It just worries me, ya know.   




 not the entirety, but at times in the manner in which is turns everything into a religious show and a step by step process than really the breakdown and confession of the heart to forgiveness. I didn't post that to offend anyone, it's not aimed at you who trust Christ with your heart. The question is meant to expand the thought behind Establishment Sized Religion and how at times, it creates this culture of worrying more of the superficial than a relationship with God.  




 unlock grid? 




 Tryna get a black millionaire down 




 anyone else feel like Catholicism is modern day pharisee? 




 WARNING: The following comment section you are about to read is filled with inside jokes and circlejerking that no self-righteous human would allow to pollute their screen for longer than it requires to click the red X in upper right hand corner. You've been warned. 




 I wish someone would post a long thing about the power of Prayer cuz it seems to be pretty important. 




 1.) God punished them for disobeying his direct command, they were not ignorant to disobedience. Then they tried to hide from God. Adam also tried to put the blame solely on Eve, as she was deceived by the Serpent initially.

2.) The Original Sin that occurred that day befell Mankind and Sin cursed their species (and World), not Lucifer - Lucifer is an Angel who committed his own Sin long before by rebelling against God in separate context and as an Angel born into knowledge and presence of perfection. 




 Excalibur!  




 Worthy post indeed! Though, this is an important en devour that we're all embarking on together, it's important to poke fun at the overall reality of the situation.  




 haha 









 Now I CAN'T WAIT to see devil due.............*fart noise* 




 Exactly! i went 18 days using nofap and prayer through christ and I felt amazing! unfortuantely, i fell again, and that stinks. But never give up! Go loves us, forgives us, and wants us to be the best we can for Him! 




 (bullet note) Be Titan Fall 




 I felt the support. 




 Some of you may be aware of this subreddit already. [/r/NoFap](http://www.reddit.com/r/nofap) is a great support Reddit assisting those with the desire to turn away from pornography and alter the way they perceive sexuality. There is even a day counting badge to mark how many days it has been since a previous relapse or failure. I'm submitting this as this is one my many sins that I struggle with and pray Christ conquers immediately in my life. There's a lot of love in that subreddit, similar to this one. Surround yourself with love and you will overflow with love.  




 what's a miser? 




 Fuck your video games! Jk 




 thaat is cool 




 k 




 mmm, i donno, i've heard it a few places and i'm too lazy to go hunt them down.  




 that is....photo realistic. Tell me how you got so good? i want your whole story if you don't mind.  




 Certain societies mention the existence of giants, such as in Genesis 6 of the Bible. There are also reported giant human like bones that are reported to be kept in the Smithsonian. Any thoughts related to their possible existence?  




 Assassin's Creed: Black Flag was releasing around the same time, so they also didn't want to take sales away from themselves.  




 How long did you go without PMO before you found your wife? What were the struggles like? Did you feel that the lack of this Sin in your life led you to more opportunities to meet a life partner through Christ? Now that you've met your partner and are sexually active with them, do you still feel the temptation of pornography or are your passions quelled by the love of God and your wife? Any other input here is very welcome. Thank you. God bless.  




 Romans 2:  12-16

This might shed some perspective. But I suppose this is still up to interpretation. 

12 All who sin apart from the law will also perish apart from the law, and all who sin under the law will be judged by the law. 13 For it is not those who hear the law who are righteous in Gods sight, but it is those who obey the law who will be declared righteous. 14 (Indeed, when Gentiles, who do not have the law, do by nature things required by the law, they are a law for themselves, even though they do not have the law. 15 They show that the requirements of the law are written on their hearts, their consciences also bearing witness, and their thoughts sometimes accusing them and at other times even defending them.) 16 This will take place on the day when God judges peoples secrets through Jesus Christ, as my gospel declares. 




 wowza 




 all those bird wings make the hipsters go buckwild  




 what kinda game is it?
 




 i don't agree with the title. Reddit is always poopin their pants over natural  phenomenon as if some scientist in a lab created this formation. 




 I work night shift, don't sleep much, workout quite a bit, and have been sick lately. I just found out I have Shingles ( a reemergence of the chicken pox virus when your body's immune system is compromised). Please pray that this will pass, i'm currently taking anti virals). i'm 23 and I've found out that if you get shingles before the age of 50, you have a 74% chance of having a stroke in your life. So that's got me worried as well.   




 maybe they want to do a natural birth? We will pray for that the labor pains will come and pass friend. 




 they killed JoePa too. Radon 80 in his home. ten times the normal limit.  




 thnx will check it out 









 blacklist 




 i just can't comprehend how someone can keep track of sooo much detail in one single image. too much for my simple mind, i gess 




 i just don't understand how anyone could outright NOT support snowden and be able to sleep at night. The news woman just seems like such a tool. How can anyone be that way? How can you lie to your self for so long and not change.  




 yeah, that 




 outright gayest movie of the year - why reddit? why?....oh, right. This was planted by some hollywood shill trying to promote their lackluster garbage.  




 yeah, killing people is just great 




 not sure why pointing out your lack of religiousness, but whatevs. At least I know now so i can't JUDGE you 




 IN THE VOICE THAT'S IN MY HEAD WHEN I SEE CAPITAL LETTERS!

Edit: Fuck you for the gold :) 




 I'm a Christian and every day I would go to bed full of guilty related to PMO. It would even convince myself at times that I wasn't saved and that Christ's sacrifice wasn't sufficient. I knew this was a lie and I also knew the satisfaction I thought I could find in PMO was a lie as well - yet I bought into it like a slave to my body. God has blessed me with another day away from guilt and, praise Jesus, it feels good. It feels good to look to God without a contrived blemish looming over my soul. There are many other sin's that I am also dealing with in my life, as well, but Lord it is uplifting to be free of this one. God bless all for freedom from sin. Sanctification. :)  




 quaid, start the reactor 









 great response to his great response.  




 sounds like exactly what some reviewers have spewed. Think yourself friend. it is a game. 




 hijack: this is a fucking joke. This is about as staged as back at the studio.  




 Quaid 









 kin ka zoo! Domo mari gato, protect my ballz! 




 holy crow, i'm at 14 days. wtHeck? 




 you should join crossfit! yay! 




 hardly high speed, talk to korea 




 A true gentleman 




 Meaghan. hmmm, think I know this girl. HIPPA!!! 




 LITERALLYYYyyyyyy 




 The Next Generation of Gaming is HERE 









 it's time to do something!...but first, to the grocery store 









 I've seen CG trailers for games such as Diablo 3 and they look [Beautiful](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSpLVYHOkvM). I've begun to ask myself, with the over saturation of Pixar copycats flooding the limelight (aimed primarily at children), why haven't there been more full length animated feature films that are of higher quality, such as [Final Fantasy: Spirits Within](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xaI7ZPA9I1c)? With such a large market of teens and young adults who watch Japanese Anime, why haven't there been more attempts by Western culture to tap into this mature audience? 




 This is just unbelievable. I wonder if the fraudsters will be dealt with in time or if once this fixes (if it fixes), nothing will be done...well, at least we have a roof over our heads and food in our bellies. Not to dapper down this obvious injustice.  




 I've been noticing my urethra dribbles
Semen like urine after
Voiding. Am I the only one? Lol 




 ahhh man.....mmm, well.... 




 good point 




 what can one do? 




 If I wanted Batteries, I'd go to Radio Shack 




 me three! 




 Do you think 9/11 was an inside job? I do. I personally feel that our country's war efforts are no different than that of Nazi Germany in the 1940s. [Some thoughts](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jvg_rv3B_wU) 




 use good act as means to also make more money for movie? That's just evil.  




 certainly not a timeless show. just seems to have the most traction 




 so essentially everyone else but jesus should not look at porn? 




 the creation of man and the creation a day time talk show host both have their origins founded in Genesis  




 it also repeats a joke til it's all the way down your esophagus 




 You will never redeem yourself as the love of God extends as a gift that has redeemed you in full through the second you choose to accept His son Jesus and his sacrifice. It is already completed and you can rest easy knowing how much grace, love and mercy rests on your spirit now. Go in peace and continue to be sanctified by the blessings of The Lord in all it's forms. 




 I kept reading that as Oprah.  




 I don't see how his comments on porn being okay stil maintain his purity. 




 instead of upvoting you, I down voted you and wrote this comment instead. Does that tickle your twacker just the same? 




 Their cartoons are funny 




 maybe just measured in visible light.  In the case of reflective energy, it would follow projection qualities. Still have to consider matter as well.  




 Your life could end any day. Make sure you're right with Yeshua.  




 Valid point. Counter point. Who gives a shit? 




 Some people, just want to watch the world...burn 




 have u met the Rothschilds?  




 Unbelievable.  




 Why hasn't a crazed, suicidal,  transient trillionaire done the unspeakable and sent a spacecraft to destroy Earth's one single satellite? Seems like the best possible terrorist plot since Benghazi, yeah? 









 "how much money would it take to get you to do 9/11 part 2 for me?" 




 I've met a lot of Catholics who tend to stray away from Christ due to the contradicting doctrine of Catholicism. I don't, for certain, know if this plays into your issue - but if so, I'd be more than happy to answer any questions in PM and would highly suggest finding a non-denominational church that sticks directly to the Bible. Just my thoughts. Once again, not trying to put down Catholicism, just stating what I've noticed. I'll pray for you, friend.  














 ya blew it 




 Yeah, like my mom accidentally became pregnant with me with a guy who didn't love her, and wanted her to have an abortion, but she couldn't live with herself if she did and here I am! I'm not the best Christian ever, but I AM loved by God and happy he gave me the mercies of life and the opportunity to help others to Yeshua. :) 




 I wish that guy was still in the background. In your shower perhaps? 




 Pretty good for a beginner. O0o-_-o0O 




 Hmm, maybe? 




 not sure, who's the mod? Alert them of this. Then they'll send out a subreddit message letting everyone know it's banned and then when we see this imgur pictures, we can report them and remove them before they confuse people more.  




 Maybe we should ban posting random Imgur pictures with text? 




 Maybe we should ban posting random Imgur pictures with text? 




 Not to be devil's advocate, but maybe 9/11 was planned more than a week before.  




 Buncha freakin' Dick Tracys over here 




 I too love the natural phenomena of our Universe. 




 Whatmykidssay? 




 All will fall under my heartless judgement! 




 It's crazy that she got photo bombed while simultaneously capturing 2 varying angles. Guess hipsters have the best of luck.  




 Japan!!!!! Ninjas! Samurai! THE EMPEROR!!!  




 The ESRB probably band this picture there 









 "Sir! The servers are flooded, we need to engage the most powerful backup servers asap!"

"God damn it, not until we get direct orders from DJ Khaled..."

"We've got the word, start the servers!"

"#crazysonofabitch" 









 5 people might not believe this. But hey,  I believe this. I believe in the saving power of Jesus Christ. Unfortunately to get to the top in this world you must sell your soul to the devil.  









 I've been depressed before and I'm depressed right now (it's Winter), but I've come to the conclusion that it's a normal aspect of life. My question is, if human beings have gone untold millennium without psyche medication to treat depression in the past, what makes an issue that appears to be a natural part of life a valid clinical illness within the last 50 years? 









 Sorry, I drive a Cummins

 




 You should put *your* Panthiez-On 




 Thank you for quoting my previous lengthy passage so I wasn't left out of context. Allow me to further elaborate. Because it's fucking gay as shit!  




 college is worthless 




 It's even more odd when someone starts clapping and you can tell it just naturally prompts others to do so out of learned behavior. Fuck Hunger Games. 




 that's from the movie! holy fu- 









 no one fucking asked you! 




 But you are reinforcing my perspective with your own confirmation bias. Rather than answering the question with neutrality, you, similar to the dogmatic characters you've just described, have answered a question on world views by attempting to sell me your own world view. It would appear it's cyclical no matter what side you take. The question then arises, is there a side to take?  




 Whether someone believes theology, ideals, or even the theory of evolution - Why do people claw teeth and nail to impart their understanding of the world upon you? 




 And my axe! 














 Those are chem trails me friend 




 Maybe so... 




 what country? 




 well how do you get brainwashed into doing that?
 




 How do you activate them? AAA Batteries? 




 As a Trolli eater, I find this relatable  




 Why anyone would be driving 50mph sideways is beyond me.  




 I used to think I was immediately gonna have a bad day after masturbating. 




 I hope this fits the room, but this [video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?annotation_id=annotation_911185 feature=iv src_vid=7ZNHb8ge7nw v=jPVYVy0zcmc) talks about some Dwarf star thats heading towards Earth and sending huge comets at us like Ison etc. Anybody knowledgeable on this topic? or am I just another NUTball 




 who the hell says burned anymore? 




 no serious, well i guess only Nicko McBrain is Christian. But i remember someone like alice cooper saying that they used their heavy art style to reach a younger audience for christ 




 I think Iron Maiden is Christian 




 You forgot the last part of that quote

"Zippity doo doppity"

-Bill Cosby 




 Yeah same with freakin Christian rock, why do we always have to sing, "my god is an awesome god" in church and not some sweet ass Iron and Wine 




 RR 4. or is that 40? either way, yikes 




 the movie stank 




 nibiru has arrived 




 Beloved. Thank you. 




 Gay guy checking in. This guy's a 6/10 at best. 

edit: Grammer 




 buncha hoes 














 This is beautiful. A definite step forward in the sword combat genre. I love physics in games and you can definitely feel them just by watching. Someone should repost this with a catchier title so more can catch a glimpse of this immediate classic.  




 So the powers have relocated? Are these powers eternal? 




 take it to the media. immediately. If you find an outlet that'll back you, they can help convince the populace of the need for justice and possibly change 




 Elaborate please :) 




 I'm a nurse. With a nursing degree. My real passion is Jesus, and Art but also video games to the max. How do I get into making, or being a part of game development? 




 Rainbow six Vegas 2 - kills are just awesome. Max Payne 3 also 









 Doma treep 




 i'd say you're definitely back into it. beaut 
























 It's so hard to get excited for games anymore. It's almost as if games have no desire for to be played more than once. Where is that game that desires hundreds of hours of my life? Why do they no longer satisfy me as they once did? 




 cuz that would be gross :P 




 thats what makes it so sweet, just dominating those fugs 




 The trainer should have known, Break dancing-type is super effective against cat-type. 




 SOB! 




 I Sin at times. Pornography, drug use, gossip etc. I'm not proud of it but I do. The Bible secures salvation for those who believe in Christ. Why is it at times I feel saved, and when I sin I feel guilty and no longer feel saved? 




 kool 









 If by grammar, you mean't Nazi, then yes.  




 I'm almost felt bad for him. Not sure why. Something about really fat kids has always saddened me deeply. I was chubby when I was little. Never that big. But that level of fat, plus a pounding to the face is too much for me to handle.  




 Don't thank me. Thank the kids who ate shit to bring you said pleasure :) 




 Yup! 




 Does it all go to research? Is there any profit made from this large amount of funding? 




 Were there little kids aboard? 




 I know I love the kid taking his first steps and subsequently his last before a stampede of canines lays him out. I also love making it to the front page with zero effort lol 420blazeitfagget 









 Jesus, the guys not dead... 




 Where's adam gonna go? 




 I thought Adam started Rev3? So, like, this wasn't his channel? 




 where should I ask this? 









 Clear up on aisle three, we have a large circlejerk spillage. 




 What a tragedy! 




 wee wittle baybeeeee 




 Ill have music on before I go to bed that seems be a perfect volume then I wake up and it appears to be turned up. 




 can't satan just see what we're doing anyway? Why does it need cameras? 




 I work more than 40 hours a week. I feel like the excitement in my life consists of waiting until my days off to do something fun. I have no real direction or goals. Every one says you should get married and start a family, but will that really solve anything? What would you suggest I do? 




 Yeah, but he's not talking about you and your perseverance, of which God has provided you. He's talking about himself and crying out for help from the people he used to trust. Have some sensitivity and pray for this man.   




 TIL that cartwheel kicks are the strongest kicks 




 When they target people. Who do they target them for? Like, who's calling the shots for all the surveillance?  




 so true. i wanna die 




 ya pizza shit 




 Or maybe they didn't change at all. Maybe, the United States' motives changed and these gentlemen were just in the way.  




 lol tho it goes without saying this is a joke, I shouldn't have to explain to a Christian the importance of "not getting offended". If this extent of mockery boils your blood, I'd hate to see how you'd react under legitimate prosecution.  




 Hwoah... 









 Which one's which!!!! ahhhhhhhh 




 They would've worked harder if they had themselves a SNIGGERS bar! 




 Yeah, just like Instagram right? Mark has made it clear that he doesn't just come in and fuck shit up. He bought them, but they aren't disbanding. He's not taking over every last little detail. This can only help Oculus.

EDIT: Oh fuck... 




 sounds like Sheol 




 its moving so slow? the debris 




 These thirsties, are making me shove a cog in my nog. 




 I feel ya. I'm writing a short story right now, and as much as I love it, i only ever get to it maybe once every so often. 

But awesome narrative nonetheless! 




 Haha, I liked the chauvinism. Is there more? 




 and what doesn't sound interesting about that?? 




 You're right. I'm not gonna send this paycheck to her after all.  




 Yeah, if you enjoy mainstream music that legitimately follows a formula and sounds identical. They all attend the same conferences and are considered the "standard" of Americanized worship. It's nonsense to say a certain brand of music worships God any more absolute than another type with the same intentions.  









 Yeah, "Christian Music" sucks, the Kirk Cameron specials suck. It all sucks and is not entertaining in the least. How is a non-believer suppose to watch crap like this and suddenly wanna be on board the baby train. 




 no, the second shots were bean bags. The initial shots were bullets. the man is dead.  









 My heart goes out to all families from every nation that lost someone, but at this point, its the media's obligation to move on. We have huge issues occurring throughout Eastern Europe and Russia, and by now, this plane is more of a distraction than anything else. Also, Joe Scarborough and all news people who blatantly won't stop talking when someone with something relevant is speaking should all be boiled in a pot of their own bullshit that spews from their mouths. 









 i love how its just like,  *bite*, "AHHHHHH!!!!" 




 Yes, question it. It will either strengthen your view or otherwise. I'm anticipating the former. 




 So last night it was planned by coworkers to go out for a birthday and get thoroughly drunk, as is common practice. 

Leading up to last night, I was feeling all these convictions that I needed to get away from that and just tell them I couldn't go. But I of course was afraid of their judgement of me, since I see them more than 40 hrs a week.

In the morning I was invited to a campus Christian ministry gathering and started to really feel convicted at that point to not participate in the later part of the day's activities.

I end up going out and we had all been drinking for about 4 hours at this point and randomly at the one bar, I run into an old Chrisitan friend. We immediately discuss things about Jesus and he begins telling me all about the low points he had been going through since I last saw him. Depression, guilt and thoughts of suicide. He had since gotten back on track but as we kept talking I felt more and more convicted to just leave the bar and my coworkers and just pray. 

So we end up going outside and praying for one another and now I'm
Going to attend his church this morning.

As I was driving home, I saw a guy hailing my car like a taxi and I picked him up, cuz what else better do I have to do at this point. 

We end up talking and I come to find out that he too had been struggling very hard with alcohol and we started to talk about Jesus. He explained to me about how far he had strayed away from his faith and how everything we were discussing came at the perfect timing of God, as he had no other explanation as to how we came together so specifically at this time at this place.

We prayed together and he and myself were so strengthen by Jesus that night. My coworkers may hate me for just leaving them, but that conviction to leave on whim had led me to someone God needed to build up that night (myself included). They may not understand me and may even shoot me down, but Jesus understands and I couldn't be more thankful to participate in the work God has provided. 




 yeah, i thought we were gonna play in the future. too bad they love MONEY so much! 









 Snoresville  




 "Shoots", what is this IGN? 




 Eeeeeeeevilllllllllllll 














 its better than the other ones 




 War is never good. Ever. Only to defend one's self. Our current occupation of Middle Eastern countries to combat "Terrorism" is a myth and strictly based on Corporate Imperial Consumerism.

We as a country need to take a stand now to ensure that our leaders in Washington never lead us into the horrors of War again. As for what we are involved in currently, we must bring an end to it.

Far too many of our young men and women are being destroyed physically and emotionally due to the exact same circumstances that your grandfather and all the men in this picture have experienced. We must take a stand.

 




 yeah, pastors need to be good examples but obviously they screw up to. let's just pray for him and show support. Show him the love of Christ's forgiveness.  




 Well, when your differing beliefs aren't actually found in the Bible, you can see where the discrepancy would arise.  




 Boner. 




 oh, maybe. didn't think of that i guess. my bad. But Catholicism has some pretty differing traditional beliefs generated by the church such as Purgatory, Confession to a Priest, and Praying to the Mother Mary, all of which are pretty different from conventional biblical beliefs.  




 Yeah, thats what I said.  




 how do we destroy them? 




 Because they're referring to the different sects and that is what Catholicism is, a different sect. Though for some reason, of all the seperate sects, Catholicism is the only one that would most likely correct someone that they're Catholic if called Christian. I personally feel there shouldn't be this amount of differation, it creates segregation and superiority complexes. 




 that feeling you get when you just wanna go there but can't 




 not at all. post 9/11 media conditioning. You are the Pavlovian dog of fucked up videos.   




 same exact thought, except expecting explosion. EX EX EX 




 Gilbert Gottfried  




 wish they woulda made the mech battles as good as Hawken 




 you're evil 




 haha I actually had to check the context of what I said to see if I came off gay lol. But no, I am not gay. My opinion is just, Jesus said "Don't cast your pearls to swine". As in, your most precious treasure lies in the truth that we find in the salvation of Jesus Christ (His life, sacrifice, and resurrection). All you can do is live that life style and present that truth to people, nothing more. If they deny you, you do what Jesus instructed us to do, "Wipe off the dirt and move on". We can't force the message of the Gospel down someone's throat if they have no desire to hear it. So when I hear a Christian say that our country or world has a homosexuality "issue", all I can do is giggle. Our entire world is cursed with Sin - none bigger or smaller in God's eyes. So for us to label something as a particular "issue", insinuating that it is something that can be eradicated through our own doing, would be rather insulting to God, don't you think? It's like stating that a certain cup filled with poison is more dangerous to drink than another particular cup holding the same type of poison. The size and shape may vary but the only difference is that some drink from one cup and someone else, another cup. We all drink the same poison and it all leads to death.  What I'm eluding to is that, we can't pick and choose Sins as greater, and more detrimental to Christianity as a whole. The only way to lead others to LOVE, is to demonstrate love through our actions. Christ showed this through his life. He interacted with all sinners, acknowledging that all have equally fallen from the righteous that God demands. We must follow this example and love all those outside of Christ's forgiveness equally. 




 Yeah, I just really don't feel like "Gay Issues" are an issue in this country. A person will choose what they want to be either way. You can only control your own life choices. Not your kids, not your significant other's, not anybody else's - just your own.  




 I still have dreams about my dogs being alive quite often. The first portion of the dream is me freaking out that they're alive again. Then I wake up. One day when we fall asleep from this life and wake up to the Lord we will see them again. 




 alright, headed back to r/gaming 














 source vid! 




 It's Steve Harvey....who gives a shat about his opinion.  




 im on bordd 




 Male doesn't want to raise his kid, pays child support - Deadbeat

Female doesn't want to raise her kid, kills it - Pro-choice
 




 me 4 









 Smoking never hurt anyone :D 




 did you also all buy the same hair cut? 




 "Suck my fuckin' Cock" 




 I'm on it. Should I start with playing video games or watching anime? 




 Yeah, it's kind of cute. But also kinda dooshy - like Caillou  




 I think its smart for them to wait, primarily at that point more people will have next generation consoles and ready to purchase the game.  




 Wow, you guys don't watch all the stuff I watch and understand every aspect my finite and limited world view?...Amateurs... 




 Mind. Blown. Plane crash 




 I'm in.  




 downvote spree! 




 fantastic use of ambient light. 




 Reddit is full of liars. No one is that retarded.  




 Debatable 




 I usually read the comments first to see if there's a summary of information. Unfortunately I'm the only one around. Guess I better get to work.  




 BC - an open world game where you would've played as a cave man along side prehistoric beasts. A gem that was lost in time with the Xbox. 




 That guy immediately falls to his knees in worship 




 well we hope you like it too 




 [Hmm...](http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/dont_believe_you_anchorman.gif) 




 that places looks like the future 




 Wow, he painted his toes... Cool story braj. 




 And SCENE. good job, Reddit. 




 Romans 8:31-39
New Living Translation (NLT)
Nothing Can Separate Us from Gods Love

31 What shall we say about such wonderful things as these? If God is for us, who can ever be against us? 32 Since he did not spare even his own Son but gave him up for us all, wont he also give us everything else? 33 Who dares accuse us whom God has chosen for his own? No onefor God himself has given us right standing with himself. 34 Who then will condemn us? No onefor Christ Jesus died for us and was raised to life for us, and he is sitting in the place of honor at Gods right hand, pleading for us.

35 Can anything ever separate us from Christs love? Does it mean he no longer loves us if we have trouble or calamity, or are persecuted, or hungry, or destitute, or in danger, or threatened with death? 36 (As the Scriptures say, For your sake we are killed every day; we are being slaughtered like sheep.[a]) 37 No, despite all these things, overwhelming victory is ours through Christ, who loved us.

38 And I am convinced that nothing can ever separate us from Gods love. Neither death nor life, neither angels nor demons,[b] neither our fears for today nor our worries about tomorrownot even the powers of hell can separate us from Gods love. 39 No power in the sky above or in the earth belowindeed, nothing in all creation will ever be able to separate us from the love of God that is revealed in Christ Jesus our Lord. 




 lol 









 Yeah, but I think he's referring to wrongful condemnation. When you condemn someone for something that is just generally silly to be condemning for and not edifying to the person or God or leading that person to God.

I think it's okay to condemn the wrongful condemners because in reality, you are just trying to spread the truth as you perceive in the light of Christ's teachings.

 He is attempting to disclose that the condemnation that he sees others bringing upon others is not "in love" - when Jesus did and told us to do everything in love.  




 Or....we all are.... O_o 




 You will always have smelly poor people. I will only be around for a little bit longer, bro.  




 really no need to go to war haha 




 yyyikes 




 cool. wish i woulda beat that game. its almost too big to jump back into it 




 hijack. Here we go again. Another post on the most popular subreddit around about how Russia is bad, mkayyyy. This in no sways MY opinion! We must think for ourselves! End the circlejerk today! 




 I'm not a fan of reading the article, I just like the titles. up vote for democracy  




 Remember Me 




 Well I don't know about Jews supporting Israel. Because American Jews hate everyone equally, including themselves. But yes, I do hate being called anti-Semite. It's the penultimate racial card. 



















 yeah i get it, it's been renewed for 3 more seasons. w/evs ok? 




 yeah, ive seen the show. real funny 




 10 - Man in wheelchair falls into his joint and he smokes his wheelchair essence, rendering him without the ability to wheelchair. Man left to his own devices.  




 May God rest your soul for revealing the truth. Good bye, old friend.  




 isis? 




 right?... 




 Can't wait till he tears someone's throat out and no one gets in trouble. 




 DMTTTTTTT, mehhhhhh, everything is explained by a mindless word and chemicallll, mehhhhhh 




 You belittled the motherfucker who just died by the hands of 5 cops. You called him a fat ass who died by his own doing. You have no opinion here if you can't see whats right in front of you. 




 The fuck are you sayin man? You are literally out of your damn mind if you think what you just said is truth. 




 Yeah, you put it in a deep sleep and press your sonar gadget to wake it up when you need it to defend you...also, notice in the trailer there was a particular bat-like appendage that came down and hit the pavement around 2:07. Looks like Godzirra is gonna be fighting something... 




 movie qual 




 Why do the soldiers blindly obey commands? 




 If it ain't free, it ain't me. 




 The one that circlejerks about gaycats 




 well, seeing as im one of the first. its hard to hide among the crowd 




 Depends on one's interpretation of death as a "bad thing". To some Christian's, death, while trusting in Jesus as their Savior from sins, is actually the best possible scenario because then they would be taken to Heaven with Jesus.   




 Word up! 




 At one point I think the game dropped below 5 fps. Or maybe........4 fps. FPS means Foopas Per Scrotum^2 , right? 




 Thanks dude, same to you. Wanna read my short story so far and give me constructive criticism? If so, shoot me your email and I'll send you the doc.  




 I guess, I'm not even sure what we're talking about at this point. 




 The context is referring to John the Baptist. He lived in the wilderness and was a voice preparing people for the coming Messiah, Jesus. Pretty straight forward there. Not sure where you're pulling these differing interpretations from. 




 I don't see how those two lines vary. 




 So a friend from school just photoshopped this stupid picture 




 Maybe me and the Rothschilds could swoop in and set up a nice little banking system for ya? Whaddaya sayyyy? 




 I'm just saying, our existence, spiritual, fleshly or otherwise operate along the same patterns and laws as was originally breathed into being. As time has progressed, different vocabulary and interpretations have been generated to explain similar operations. There can only ever be one truth, but the Fallen Ones only purpose until judgement day is to lead mankind in the direction of deception. The theory of aliens, though feasible within an evolutionary view point, does not seem to correlate with the Biblical scripture that we hold as The Creator's Word. The incidences in which "extraterrestrial" and "extra-dimensional" entities have been experienced tend to share many qualities with that of conjuration and demonic activity: The use of channeling, sexual abuse and penetration, as well as modes in which they traverse (in and out of the space-time continuum or otherwise). I am only presenting these things to you that you not fall into confusion should you be alive when this day comes. Keep your eyes to the Heavens and be prepared for the return of our Lord, Jesus Christ - today and tomorrow.  




 Most likely Inter dimensional angelic hosts will pose as aliens as in to deceive the human populace with hopes of reusable energy and longevity of life. 




 gaygay* 




 wtf? i didn't even hear about this game once?  




 Depending on the size of the round that passes through the wall, the speed at which it passes, though not making direct contact with his face has the ability to shear tissue indirectly if within close enough proximity.  




 LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOPYOURPEEPEEOFF 




 yeah, it made no sense how he went from this rugged, stout, battle scarred 50 year old to this panther-like kid with 6 pack abs. Not sure who green lit that who idea, just so they could "use their new motion capture and facial recognition tech" 




 Yeah, it's so hard to overlook. Michael Ironside made you feel like a badass 














 go home denz, you're drunk 




 max payne 3 is fun to kill people with the kill cam 




 *Being* "Republican" or "Democrat" is exactly what's wrong with our political system. Our issues are never just Black and White...unless it's Pokemon 









 wow. just amazing. 




 Is there a subreddit devoted to GOG deals? 




 Bobbyyyy 




 the fuck is wrong with people 




 Soul snatching brought to you by the Illuminati. 




 yeah, what would be the point of changing its name anyway? 




 "Dang it, /u/unixdrone4life ! You get off that darned /r/conspiracy right now and come rub my feet, or you can't circlejerk to cats for a month!" 









 didn't read it 




 and 100% off on bit torrent :D 




 http://imgur.com/G8fL5lj 




 I don't see why it would be weird if civilizations made it to different locations. They all got places somehow before, so I imagine it wouldn't be out of the question to go back to other regions in the world. 




 top 5 all time cinematography 




 thank you 




 I liked Freddy Got Fingered 




 "...and a good wife."

Caught me off guard, in a good way. 




 freakin Juno.... 




 true 




 I get it, and he sounds like he's got his head on straight but the statements that he gives have been said since and before the gospels have existed.  




 I'm so confused why the words of the Pope hold so much weight? 




 st ay wi th ch ri st , friend  




 not sure some 18 year old self entitled pop star punk kid is very high on my "issues" list... 




 There's riots going on in Ukraine and we concern ourselves with a silly little girlboy...Christ we are deceived.  




 that autistic girl loves it 




 Before you do anything that might harm yourself. Go on an adventure and travel. Go find yourself and who you are. If this is possible, you may return with a new perspective on life and God. I'll pray right now.  




 So now what? 




 lol molestable 




 here's what we do. We go back in time. convince everyone that the last generation of gaming is the latest and greatest, but our machines are so strong they can handle up to 4 player local multiplayer like the good ole'
 dayz! win win 




 Bcuz i thot teh internetz waz freeeee 




 yess yessss 




 why is that good? 




 yees 




 ....and what?? 
























 Our step mom, we did everything to hate her. She took us down to the edge of Decaturrrr. 














 A comfortable read through about the daring and selfless life of Jim Corbett -  legendary British hunter and tracker-turned-conservationist, author and naturalist, famous for hunting a large number of man-eating tigers and leopards in India. What are your thoughts on the legacy left by this man? 





























 I didn't see a single tree planted in that pic. 




 (Now's my chance. No one's gonna come this far in the thread, so I have no chance of being censored by the big gay liberal cats of reddit. Time to say the most tasteless and demeaning joke I can think of...) 

.... Papa John...? 




 She's not your girlfriend. 




 I'm with you. Redditors always believe that these pictures are just by "random" people. No, it's from some dumbass PR firm to get more people to see Guardians of the galaxy which was a forgettable movie at best.  




 Pretty impressive hole he's dug there. might even fit my dead goldfish in there if I try.  




 Sometimes, sociopaths develop over time 




 If we all killed ourselves, that would show em'. No body to rule over 




 Blow a nigga up 



















 They might of thought of them after 30 of their family members died from eating pig poop... 




 lol FLY MY PRETTIES!  




 "Mark DeMoss, an Atlanta public relations consultant and former adviser to Mitt Romneys presidential campaign, has been brought in to work with the congregation." 

Oh jeezlaweez. I don't think Jesus ever intended a "church" to get this big. The name of Christ should be forefront, not the pastor. 

At the end of the day, Christ loves him all the same. No man is perfect, except through Christ Jesus.  




 Eye!... eye (Muppet Pirate Island) 




 Maybe they added the Ultimate Warrior and the disks keep exploding upon insertion? I donno, just a guess.  



















 Thank you. 




 A break down of the fascinating language of Patois (Patwah), developing post slave trade within the Jamaican islands.  









 Rate and subscibe 














 k fine. 




 fuckl u dude, this is Not edited.  This guy was on COnan last nite and it doesn't matter wat u think 












































 Yeah, too many Popular Pungent Pumpkins to go around.  









 A comfortable read through about the life and accomplishments of Lieutenant General Leslie Richard Groves, Jr. Lead director of the Manhattan Atomic Bomb Project. What are your thoughts on the legacy left by this man? 














 Yeah, wikipedia reads are difficult to convey emotion with so much objective info. I just released this [Creepypasta](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djuwKGBI-IU) today if you're interested in a more narrative voice :) 














 He's so young, how does he have such a legacy so soon? 









 Thanks friend 




 Sorry I took it down. Decided to shut down the channel cuz lets plays actually just frustrated me :/. Pick up the game if you got some extra cash. It's sweet 




 Decent. Just working away at my job, of which I'm very blessed to have in this economy. Interestingly enough, the date I talked about didn't really pan out but led to meeting someone else who also loves Christ and seems to have a lot of interest in me. My only issue, and I believe it to be a superficial one includes that, though we get along fantastic, I don't feel very attracted to her physically and I don't know how important that is. There's also the fact of the matter of, why should I worry about a relationship at all? I am still currently back and forth with the sin of internet pornography which drives me crazy, so how could I be ready for a relationship? One good thing is, a friend of mine from work, has asked me to take him to Church recently, so we have been going. Prayer for him would be fantastic. His name is Charles. Other than that, I think I've come up with a tentative goal of moving to Hawaii in the next 5 years. Something about it seems to call me out there. But anyway, thank you for following up with me :D. I pray that you're doing well? 




 Reddit doesn't like state farm anymore. Keep up brosh 














 And the circlejerk continues. As if I didn't see his face enough in the news.  FOR THE KARMA!!!!!1 




 Yeah, clunky controls lead to a very poor overall game, but the hilarity of picking up an enemy while he hangs onto another's leg is a fantastic achievement.  




 Yesss can't wait 




 I'd say Euphoria animation used in games like GTA V and Max Payne 3 is pretty ground breaking. Oddly enough, it was only really utilized in Rockstar licensed games. 




 She's sittin on somethin funny lol 




 Dying Light looks substantially better than this rushed piece of next gen nonsense  




 Upvote the positive comments, downvote the negative ones? BOIL in your hive reddit.  




 He might be 8 like your girl... 




 let the negativity FLOWWWWwww 




 I agree with u 




 It's nice not to see something gay on reddit for once. 




 Not a software engineer, but I wanted to fit in with random internet dweebz.  




 I don't get it. We do realize that we support this bullshit? 3 billion dollars a year to israel to genocide people? Am I the only one who feels this way? 




 He kinda just threw himself into the house... 




 Ze Blacks can be razist too ya knowwwwWwwwwww 




 80% of male gamers don't have girlfriends. But that's OK. 100% of people don't need another human being to "complete" them.  




 Sounds like they're controlling it... 




 That Swedish sonofabitch is right! I can fit a whole cucumber up my bum! 




 VERTICAL VIDEO!!!!!!!!!!!.... I kinda like it. 




 When they infect insects and control their actions until the release of their spores. That's terrifying to me and begs the question.  




 Looks amazing and satisfying. How do I support? 




 1000+ characters on screen. You are one of the them. You die? You're immediately placed into a currently spawned character (Most likely one with the least likely hood of combat or death). This goes on until all characters on one side are dead or the objective is completed. That's my two cents at least.  









 I do like Froyo 




 But who really wins? 




 Anti-Semite!  attack this man! He's believe what is right and not what is fed down his throat from fox and the like!  




 RUined! 




 Bichael May hehe 




 so much imagination in this one. love it.  









 Big Oil Tycoon. This checks out.  




 I mean. I don't why we just don't blow up all the big media stations and then all the poison won't be pumped out daily to our poor defenseless old people who still watch the news. If there's one thing my country has taught me, it's okay to use violence to get what I want.  




 gay 









 I always wondered if these stupid posts are actually from the company themselves just trying to project their bullshit to naive users. PAPA JOHNS! 




 Mutherfucking uncreative repost garbage 




 well, the owners of the media have a certain agenda they want to fulfill and message they want to give to the masses. It's highly unlikely that this would ever reach the mainstream media, as it wouldn't fit into the paradigm.  




  Great buzzword. The embarrassing part is your use of the phrase "anti-Semite" is far too commonly misused and implies racism through its usage. Unfortunately for you, this video is not discriminatory towards any particular group or sect of people - neither is the title. It simply demonstrates a dialogue between the President of Israel (Netanyahu) and his acquaintances, as He discusses his intentions corresponding to Palestinian relations. Through his actions during his presidency, and most predominantly during the past month, it is the leader of the Jewish state, Israel, that demonstrates a lack of tolerance towards a specific ethnic group (Palestinians) - and thus can be dubbed "Racist".
   




 Why would Chris Matthews have to spoon feed you information for you to at least consider it? 









 Yay!...he spoke... 




 I don't get it 









 pROBABLY ONE OF THE BEST AND MOST ENJOYABLE ASPECTS OF rEDDIT, GRAMMAR AND TOLERANCE 




 aND i HOPE THEY LET GRAMMAR NAZIS INTO hELL 




 i WILL BURY YOU 1 




 This makes me happy. There's nothing else in this brief vapor breath of a life we have here on Earth that will carry you through like the love of Jesus Christ. God bless you, brother and your family. May He be the rock of which you build your foundation upon.  




 It's thoughts on a book written approximately 2000 years ago, I think it's safe to say that its up to date based on the source material.  




 Fiasco!!!! 




 I want to diffuse the Hilary bomb before Reddit fills it with its circlejerky gun powder. 




 Oh Jesus NO Reddit, NOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!! We must destroy this circlejerk at its core!!!  




 Why doth the Hivemind love him so? Doth he seepeth honey?  




 aNYBODY REMEMBER WHEN THE SOVIETS KILLED 2 MILLION RUSSIANS? yEAH, ME NEITHER... 









 at least that's what I've noticed. 




 The AI in this game suck at driving 




 What is this? A subreddit for ants?? 




 Hewtler 




 It seems my humor has gone in other directions since I was 12. 




 I really want to enter into a relationship. I think I have an opportunity to do so. I think. Yet, I still struggle pornography etc etc etc. I don't want to end up hurting someone or myself through a gross habit. I'm not really sure what to say beyond that. I have the desire to stop and succeed at times and other times, I fail. I wanna kick this before getting into something serious. Any words of advice would be great. Thank you. 




 Gearbox is hit or mizz 




 praise Jesus they're alright 




 Rats! I was working on an album just liek this! Beet me 2 it. 




 All 4 servers are full. poo 




 One day the desire just left? 














 WELL FUCK HIM! 




 I kinda feel like this is photoshopped... 




 looks like a girl 




 I heard we're gonna stay there forever. Until all the troops are dead.  




 Wowza, crazy people I tell ya. I've gotten little generic things from churches I've attended before and never have they seemed so self righteous like this before.  




 Ending your life will lead nowhere.

Losing your faith will lead nowhere.

Holding on to the hope that is given to you through Christ will lead you to eternal peace. 

You just have to weigh your choices. 




 You want to live on the streets? (I don't say that to be rude). If so, keep me in mind down the road. I desire to assist.  




 PM me your paypal
 




 What happened? 




 The definition of enlightenment can extend two directions. Your direction that you propose incorporates scientific progression and healthcare/augmentational advances. The other direction proposes that becoming enlightened involves understanding our inner-self, accepting that death is inevitable and living in peace through that knowledge. I do not foresee that the human race will be around for the many eons to come. There is also the consideration of whether or not the Creator will even allow this Universe to extend its existence longer than initially intended. Our existence is finite. But there is an infinite existence that we feel exists, and should strive to find, beyond our Earthly shell. This I feel is achievable through the understanding of Jesus Christ.  




 I know this is an over asked question, but I really need some input. Working 40 hrs a week and raising a family to repeat the cycle can't possibly be what God intends us for. I feel as if though I'm driven mad by the mindless pursuits the majority of the population seem to strive for. What are things that we, as Christians, should participate in to find true satisfaction in life? Even success feels like a failure here on Earth.  




 Why do I always have to venture to the comments to find something actually "funny" 




 I could either see this making it to the front page for looking "Trippy" or fail miserably because it's utterly pointless. Either way, I'm pissed.  




 she looks happy enough 




 not funny 




 I need the most idiot proof tutorial possible to figure out how to get the shader mods and/or texture packs. No idea what I'm doing.  




 I like that a lot better as one color. Whats it look like smaller on one line at the bottom? Maybe just a small symbol dividing the title - artist 




 http://www.sendingorbs.com/wp-content/uploads/2005/06/secede-tryshasla.jpeg

This cover art is an example where the art brings you in and the artist and title are an afterthought, though gets the job done.  




 You just need the title to compliment the cover art. If not compliment, make sure it doesn't clash with the cover art, which I feel it is doing now. Especially the blue and red. Take a look at other cover art text, they usually match the aesthetic and have a style of their very own. At the very least, the text should be so minimalistic  and out of the way that people will find the album title once they've been pleased by the cover art. This cover has much potential and can't afford to be brought down by poor text.   




 So pissed I pay 60$ for this on launch. Never again for a single player focused game.  




 This is of a large amount of goodness. 




 Being a U.S. citizen, I suppose I'll be the first to step forward to represent my country.... "Sorry bout' that".  




 Given to the most prestigious gay cats about town. 




 Kiss the ceiling fan! 




 You've seen maybe 5 minutes of gameplay. This game is a completely different game than CS:GO.....And will own it nUb! 




 Thank God! After Patriots was cancelled I was heartbroken. Those animations almost look too good to be true. 




 LOOKS FREAKIN' BEAUT 




 "PRE-ORDER NOW AND GET YOUR 13 YR OLD COCK SUCKED!" 




 Exactly 




 Someone watched South Park... 




 lul 




 You can never be too careful.  














 Let the "Redditors being offended" begin 




 Niggas gotta cross dress to make it big.  




 I miss my doberman so much so much 




 No, I'm done. If anything, it has taught me the importance of using sex as an expression of love, within marriage. The lust that I used it for gave it almost no meaning, and took away much, if not all the goodness from the experience. Let's pray for one another friend? 




 I gave up my virginity today. It's a strange feeling. I don't feel different. I still feel loved by God. But I know I made the wrong decision. Something I held onto for so many years, is now gone overnight. I don't really know how to react, and just need some words to help me make sense of it. My heart is open.  









 the kills look pretty satisfying. Something you don't get often from canned animation games like CoD and Battlefield. 




 Does anyone have any information about foods/diets/supplements, or life style changes that can prevent and/or reverse cancer cell growth? 




 That's awesome! What led you away from Mormonism if I might ask? 









 If you feel a conviction from God, follow it. Those who turn from Him, if they one day return, that is a joyous occasion for the Spirit. But since you seem to feel your faith swaying you, sway towards Christ.  




 we will unfreeze Walter Disney and begin our takeover 




 let the memes begin. 
I'll start

"A Chevy Man"  




 save wolfenstein for a really good deal down the road.  




 someone should photoshop blood in this. 




 Wish they would've waited 




 WorldStarHipHop! 




 Too* 




 Get better at playing the game. If you kickass, you're obviously not in my way.  




 how do we get rid of them? 




 "On the same day as the peace demonstration" 




 this video is old as dirt. 









 Luke 15:11-32 The Prodigal Son 









 24 here and I've spent most of it in front of this computer screen, enjoying a nice pizza, relaxing, and never once anticipating a call or text message to go out. This "club/bar scene" you people speak of, what is it and where can I watch a live stream of said event? 




 The text seems so out of place compared to how awesome the picture is. 




 I have a date. I want to find someone to love and be with and strengthen one another towards our service for God and our relationship with Christ. Could you pray for the best and God's will? 




 i do. you greet them. then you never see them again. 




 yeah me too, i want to know too 




 Yeah, and you only need three D glasses applied to your face with green glow in the dark condam applied to your 6th party pokemon and your own peni5. 




 Yeah dude, no matter how desperate you are for her love and affection, you deserve better. Fuck that shit. Get out now.  




 Yeah, just gotta text him. As a guy, if I texted a girl about hanging out and she denied me (no matter the circumstance), I would be afraid to ask again too soon in fear of coming off clingy. So, to demonstrate mutual affection, you should make the move. No worries :D  And be completely honest with him about things. Relationships shouldn't ever be about tiptoeing on glass. Speak your mind, sweets. 




 So my hard drive on my computer died and I went to an old friend to help fix it. I got to meet his girl friend there and she thought I was so nice that I should meet her friend. I didn't think much of it because usually in those situations, I'm not attracted to the person they try to hook me up with. But this time was different and the girl is very pretty. We finally organized a double date activity together and I was nervous leading up to it because I didn't hear much back from my buddy and I felt almost out of the loop. But he's a dude, and doesn't really care too much about these things, I've come to learn lol. The interesting thing was that his girl friend actually took my number from his phone and contacted me to confirm our plans and stated how excited her and her friend were for dinner etc. I mentioned hiking and ice cream and the girl friend said that "might be better for the second date ;)". That boosted my confidence, as it seemed to demonstrate to me a reciprocated sense of anxiety and excitement prior to getting together, as well as preconceived future plans as a possibility. (I over think things, I know) We did dinner, and I met her. She was very pretty and very quiet, but very kind. I didn't mind the quiet, because I figured we would get to know each other in a more personal situation soon enough anyway. I got her number and she seemed interested in getting together soon. The only issue is that we work different schedules. But we both work at the hospital. I work third shift, she usually works second. And where she works there is no reception for texts etc. My real question, which is probably just me being a nervous nelly, arises from that fact that I texted her the next day about getting together soon and it took her over 24 hours to respond. The eventual response was appropriate and demonstrated interest, but I suppose I just need patience I guess. I'm just so used to people responding immediately, or at least within the same day. I just find it odd that her responses take so long to send and are so generically objective. It's almost like she's never texted before (at least for a girl, as most girls are very expressive and long winded in text form). Her length of time of response and responses are like interacting with a grand parent who just got text and only give you the exact answer you need for the moment. But, as of now, there's mention of getting together in a week when her schedules freed up to get a drink. Which is promising, but I just want to get things going asap. I know that's not a good quality to have, being anxious and wanting it all now (of which I don't show in public) but you'd think if someone was mutually interested in the other party, they too would want to interact as much as possible in the early stages. I suppose all I can do is chill the 'ef out and be patient. I'm just nervous because I desire a relationship to a large extent and want it immediately. But I can't force anything I suppose. The anticipation is just killing me. Any thoughts? Thanks :) Hope I don't come off as a winy biatch.   




 Yeah... 




 Job 2:2 And the LORD said unto Satan, From whence comest thou? And Satan answered the LORD, and said, From going to and fro in the earth, and from walking up and down in it.

And he led Him up and showed Him all the kingdoms of the world in a moment of time. 
6 And the devil said to Him, "I will give You all this domain and it glory; for it has been handed over to me, and I give it to whomever I wish. 
7 "Therefore if You worship[4][Or bow down before ] before me, it shall all be Yours." 
8 Jesus answered him, "It is written, 'YOU SHALL WORSHIP THE LORD YOUR GOD AND SERVE HIM ONLY.'

Luke 10:18 And He [Jesus] said to them, "I saw Satan fall like lightning from heaven.

Jude 1:9 But even the archangel Michael, when he was disputing with the devil about the body of Moses, did not dare to bring a slanderous accusation against him, but said, "The Lord rebuke you!"

There's many other passages that have the character of Satan or Lucifer or The Serpant/ Dragon as being more than just allegorical. The Bible directly describes the Sins that arise against on this earth stem from our internal desires and evil, the worlds temptations and Satan's schemes. These entities are all seperate from one another.

 




 It was...so fuck you 




 Hope it has cool crashes :D 
























 I disagree with your unhelpful perspective.  To consider one perspective of the world wrong (a perspective that when examining the source material at its core, is used to promote love and selflessness) and consider another to be true without definitive answers, and to raise it up through anger, is outright hypocritical.  














 Finally. Some mean comments. Was getting fucking sick and tired of Reddit's circlejerk of support and faggot pun threads.  









 MOney money money mOooneyyyy. Mahh-nehhhH 




 Zenon The Zequel 




 too bad they lost! 




 As if you've got all the answers there, laddy  




 From this angle, the job was clearly inside 




 you'll look back at this and giggle. Being so happy you held off and prove to yourself that you have discipline. 









 Long John Beaners 














 His wife is unbelievably beautiful. Even in angry/terrified mode.  
























 You're taking the Internet too seriously again, Johnny. 




 thats fine, i've only watched it like three times and its only really good when you're stoned :/ 




 You watch it for that exact purpose. There's no particular "punchline", you porkwine redditor. The purpose of trailer park boys is to giggle at the stupid shit they do and lackluster authorities accomplish nothing to stop them as the plot runs into nothingness. It's relaxing you fuktart. 
























 [is THIS him?](http://www.gifbin.com/bin/112012/1351791937_chimp_tosses_raccoon.gif) 




 Please can we stop? Every day, Reddit. Every day I have to see this same thread start. We get it, we've seen the movie. Take your precious karma and leave. And for the love of CHRIST! Let me just skip ahead and let you know your Pun Thread is terrible, uncreative, and utterly bottom shelf humor. Seeing these threads is worse than seeing 'Cops' on G4tv. Which is gone btw, and most likely will soon happen to Reddit, because of worthless content like this. The pencil art is good btw. 









 omg, when the guy does stand up comedy for them, so Gosh Damn funnny! 














 I go to the site and there's no place to buy. what a world... 




 best one ive seen in a while. :D 




 He finally ran out of breath 









 What's your steam name? I can play when I get outta soccer practice  




 What did that feel like? 




 I literally have no idea why ANYBODY posts this guys bullshit. He literally knows nothing. and I mean NOTHING about anything. and He's a fucking idiot. and this isn't even related to CoD, which is a shit series in the first place. Angry Joe makes me angry why somehow, he is successful for being the worlds chubbiest tool. fuck him. thank you.  









 woah unto, child 









 Me oh my, my oh me, I wanna go on a killing spree 




 well, its not my channel. its a friends. and you can take your rules and take them somewhere else, cuz I'm here to change the rules, and now im in charge. get ready for a new era in lets player-ry 














 if I gave a shit enough about gold, and it was more convenient to give, i'd give it to you.  
























 Well, negative attention is still attention. Too bad the game looks rather poopy.  



















 Your voice will be herded together like the other sheep...and silenced.  



























































 I'm watching this and I've gone back and forth for SOoooo long. I truly feel regret and sadness for my sexual sin, and i turn from it for a time, then I return to it. Therefore I wonder if I was ever saved at all? God! This is so scary. I hate this life. I just want to make it out alive.  




 Wanted to just make a list of sins that I've committed/am committing/will commit and secretly just need reassurance of my salvation. Honesty both ways here, thank you.

1.) Daily regularly user of pornography
2.) User of Tinder with the desire to meet somebody to have sex with
3.) Not a regular church goer and don't often consider holding the Sabbath as of high importance
4.) Often find fellowship with Christians to be disappointing and the Christians themselves to be boring/annoying
5.) Constantly searching for the best future for myself, serving myself.
6.) Drug and alcohol user, and often participate in social situations with the use of drugs and alcohol with non-believers. 

As I'm making this list, I don't mean to come off whiny or anything really. I just want those spiritually more sound than I to understand that my heart is willing, though I just generally suck and I'm not sure if my life will ever be that amazing transformation that you always hear about. If I continue in and out of these sins, will I be damned to eternal wrath? Will I ever be fully out of these sins? Can you pray for me? What do I need to do to be in right standing with God? Is there anything I can "DO"? 




 Worst case scenario, you can just press mute and follow allow with the images ;) 




 lol probably the same point there is to watching people play video games or whispering into a mic making crinkling noises, you just have to find your niche.  



















 Hawai'i 












































 Shitflip* 




 Jesus CHrist, how are you on Monsanto's cock so hard? Are they paying you? GMO    ARE fucking bad for you and Monsanto IS an evil company. It's a fucking known FACT. fuck out of here with this shill bullshit.  




 Correct me if I'm wrong.

With the PetroDollar continuing to lead the US towards Iran, when do you think the US will invade? How will the US go about it? False Flag? ISIS propaganda? And if an occupation of Iran does occur, how long before Russia and China intervene? Will this be the fall of the United States or am I just sensationally offtrack?  




 CoD is the ultimate retard rumble. So fuckin sick of this series. How does complete garbage keep being made what's popular. Its worse than PewDiePie.  




 looks dumb. want full control. wasted potential. coop should be side option. 




 Basically what I was getting at is the difference between Human forgiveness and Angelic forgiveness. I feel its different.  




 Well I don't know what kind of authority Elder Paisios has over the Bible, but its pretty clear in Revelations that Satan is destined for destruction and would be far too proud to ever consider asking for forgiveness.  




 http://www.gotquestions.org/does-God-love-Satan.html
 




 I am saying that based on what I've observed of God's actions towards angels within the bible, yes, his forgiveness has limitations when applied to his direct spiritual servants.  




 I don't think Angels can be forgiven. Because they were born into the perfect light and presence of God, knowing full well the consequences of their Sin. For humans, we are born into darkness and know not the sin we commit and its implications spiritually. Therefore, we go from darkness to light and the devil came from light to darkness.  




 like a hockey net and the goalies water jug! 




 Roger Poger Pudding and Pie
 frag out
 let's make em' cry. 




 obviously it is not good to hate. But don't let the judgement of others, based on your own person history, hinder you from coming to Christ in all vulnerability.  




 Wait, are you the Natureman? 




 Maybe it's worse than we think? Maybe there's bases on the moon?....maybe even Mars? ...get your ass to Mars (the chocolate factory) 




 Crossfit is pretty neat. I participate in it Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Fridays throughout the week. My favorite trainer is young Jeffery, but all the trainers are good. It's expensive but way cheaper than personal trainers but just as good. Now if only I had a dietitian I'd be set. 




 Oh Snu Snu? It's a reference to futurama where the gang ends up in a matriarchal tribe with huge Amazonian like women who have sex (Snu Snu) with men until they pass away. Reddit likes futurama. Reddit also likes [Hilary Clinton with Bacon](http://www.mrbaconpants.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2008/05/coocoobacon.jpg) 




 Lol 




 That's sucks they got fined. If I wanted to post my adventures in youtube, how do I do so without being identified and charged? 




 The workout? Clean and jerk. You use your hips to pull it from the ground, drop under it, front squat it, quickly pop it over head while dropping under it to position, fully extending your arms and maintain your leg base. 




 you won;t 




 Holy Shit, New Years 2015. Jan 1st! 




 Maybe its a tshirt thong combo 




 Well, we're all gonna be retarded soon if we don't stop this... 




 yeah lol 




 Well good luck looking your family in the eye and sleeping at night when that same employer tells you to 'take the shot'.  









 Welcome to Reddit.  




 Maybe its a t-shirt thong combo 




 [What in the world are they spraying?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jf0khstYDLA) 




 In all sincerity, I really don't think Jesus cared about politics in the slightest. His Kingdom was not of this world.  




 But, how can you call yourself a human by following such unwarranted orders?

Streakers? Better bash them with my riot shield.

Why? Because boss man said so and I can't think for myself.  




 The fuck is wrong with policemen? If he would've hit her, she most likely would've been injured just because she was naked. Go fuck yourself if you're like this 5-0 psychopath.  









 Professional...haha....you have no idea what the circumstances were for him. Guess he should just bend over and fill up with butt plugs as well then? 









 this is great 




 They have no authority to cancel these Holidays. Oh well, sorry kids.  




 gild me 




 ya blew it 




 Really weird coincidence that I was watching stuff about time travel and then this trailer comes out. Weirrrrrrd 0;) 




 Gritty Open-word Indie Immersion.  




 There can be only one US 




 I've known Jesus as my savior for quite some time. I love what God has done for me, what God has taught me, and who God has turned me into. I was blessed to have made it through nursing school and am a male nurse at my local hospital with a steady job at a young age. There are no legitimate, outright issues or struggles within my life that are observable to the outside world. My only issue is, I feel that I have very little satisfaction with life. I spend 40+ hours a week at my job, with very little enjoyment. In my downtime between sleep, I spend at the gym working out, where I have very few social connections. On my days off, working nights, I usually waste the first day sleeping. The weeks are flying by and I feel as if though this life that Christ has given me is being wasted on the mundane and conventional. 

What is it that brings you, as a fellow Christian, satisfaction and fulfillment out of life?  




 How the fuck is this a terrorist attack? 




 There are so many educated individuals to learn from throughout the entirety of the nation, with mountains of their media populating the internet. Why has this one particular character, Neil deGrasse Tyson become such a prominent figure throughout the Reddit consciousness? With so many articles and videos being posted to this website on a second by second basis, how does one particular niche professor maintain a presence on the front page of multiple subreddits on a relatively consistent basis? Is there an underlying hive mind that regulates the postings within reddit, that if not adhered to are buried in downvotes? Doesn't this frequent perspective from a single source, although intelligent, generate a recycled confirmation biased among the user base? What is it about this character that draws such a fancy from some many Redditors? 









 looks fake 




 I just find him massively annoying. 




 A miracle.  




 What if we like papa johns, can I still join? Also, one time a cat nipped my foot and I dropped an air conditioner on it - It Wasn't My Fault! 




 I wish I was a redditor :( 




 I don't get it.  




 I miss Michael.  




 But isn't that the great part about the Internet? There are billions of others that you can shed the truth of your opinion onto. I am merely a misguided consumer :*(. Woah unto me... 




 Exactly, people get caught up with the ethics behind it all. At the end of the day, it's not our responsibility to be the ESRB. If we enjoy the game and it's fun then congrats to destructive games on a fantastic first entry! 




 This game looks awesome!!!!!!!1 




 Themes of the game aside, it's still a game. When I play max payne or gta, it is just fun to kill people. To play a shooter of any sort and enjoy it, only to knock another shooter for its themes is outright hypocritical. Just because this game "appears" to be deriving meaning or purpose from senseless violence, does not mean that the character couldn't have multiple layers. No matter the outcome, this argument has long been played out on the mainstream media thousands of times and really isn't worth running in circles over. Mental illness or taking violent action is a choice and studies have clearly shown that an artistic form of game media will not abruptly perpetuate those murderous actions. If the game is fun, let it be fun. If it crosses a few boundaries, let it do so with pride. Just don't let your kids play it and we'll all be fine ;)     




 Depending on whether you use motion capture and or a procedurally generated animation system, the possibilities are endless. Play Max Payne 3 and tell me the death animations in CoD are still satisfying after experiencing the novelty of the Euphoria animation system.   




 THis sucks  




 Are you kidding me? Death animations are the primary feedback you receive from a shooter. You play a shooter to shoot things, and if you have to see the same shit over and over again, I don't see how that would keep your attention. Have you played gta or max payne 3? The animation system is amazing. Never the same thing.  




 Mechanics-wise, it looks kinda fun. I just feel like the death animations are so repetitive and there's no use of physics or ragdoll whatsoever. They still use some of the same death animations from CoD 4...that's pitiful... 




 Repost. 









 It just goes through history from American Revolution to our current time about how all of the wars fought within the United States were created by Centralized Banking Cartel beginning to lose power, therefore regaining control post-war, and how war is used to implement their shadow governments. Essentially, modern day slavery is achieved through debt and usury.  




 If your skin is dark, and we don't like you, you're a member of ISIS.  









 Ahh Jizz la wizz 




 There's nothing worse than looking like an IDEOT on the internets 




 Yeah the euphoria animation system that rock star uses is feat among feats 




 Sounds...almost like...Reddit? 




 not sure why reddit talks shit on 9gag. reddit is equally gay. thanks. suckfest 




 f u 




 I apologize ahead of time for being so ignorant. 

I only watch the news in passing at work, and all I can say is, I'm so fed up with the lies and scare tactic propaganda that I feel almost all news outlets are force feeding down the American public's throats.

Am I wrong to say that men in black garbs and turbans with AK47s shown marching on television seems to be the biggest load of horseshit I have ever seen generated in the mainstream media narrative thus far? For the longest time, I was waiting for another 9/11 false flag to happen, enabling our military free reign to invade the remaining middle eastern countries such as Syria - and then a more prepared nation, distrusting of official stories would begin to stand against our misleading government. But now, there comes the story of journalists getting beheaded, and stories of "terrorists" murdering their own people, and that's all that's required for the U.S. to begin airstrikes on "select" Syrian targets? And not a god damn peep from the general public? And this all happens right around the 9/11 anniversary, when public "emotion" is at its highest. I just can't keep the story straight anymore. It's just all so ambiguous and makes no sense.

I also disdain the fact that our public still believes in fairy tales of good and evil, as if there exist no grey areas, and the ones WE bomb are the ones who deserve it. It's just so disheartening to know that I am part of  such a violent and uneducated public who still calls themselves Christian yet pulls the trigger everyday; and a government that would rather spew lies directly to our faces than ever considering standing up against big corporate business interests in foreign countries. 

It's almost like I'm living in a dream anymore. A dream where there is no hope for the people, and all there is to expect from life is small culminations of human hate and greed. How did it come to this? 

Please help me make sense of all this. All opinions are welcome. I just don't know who to trust anymore.  




 You are all a bunch of NigNogs.  




 Burn in a pile a molten cum.  




 They dictate all the monies. And have limited auditing regulations. Imagine being the owner of this centralized banking system? You'd be hella rich 




 [I like this site](http://www.gotquestions.org/when-Gospels-written.html)  




 The validity of the text is essentially nullified based on the fact that the article itself states that the text was possibly authored 800 years after Christ's life on Earth. That's like me writing a document stating that Jesus had laser vision and someone digging it up in the year 3200 AD, calling it valid strictly based on the fact its now a document of antiquity. Can we seriously think for ourselves people? 




 Watch [Zeitgeist debunked](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JFI6m6Icav4) , a lot of what you're stating is fabricated to fit the agenda of the Zeitgeist creator. Also, to say Jesus didn't exist, even as a historical figure is outrageous. And stating, "those who 'came to arrest him' could never find him because he didn't virtually exist" is a logical fallacy because you're pulling accounts from the Gospel source material to refute the source material. It makes no sense.  









 Reddit is gay and for fagguts 




 go to sleep newfag. lol jk i have no idea either. 




 CDC. ATL, GA. Walking Dead.  




 Bob'ama 









 surge sucks assholes. and this is marketing at its finest.  




 he earned it

Edit: and makes quality content 




 take it back :c 




 The post is clearly for Big Mac. Obey. Consume. /r/hailcorporate 




 That bitch! 




 nigga woulda got a pretty bashing in the U.S... Fuck America and fook the police.  




 If you've made it thus far, you're probably curious what happened to the rest of the puppies. Yup, dead. All dead. Eaten by Guildabeasts. Yeah, I know sad right? Should have listened to blazetheraze and stopped reading. What's a Guildabeast, you ask? It's a big gay guy with a tiny dick and hooves for feet used to carry out painful erotica bullshit. Yeah, I know, fucked up right? Should of just stopped reading like blazetheraze told you. But since you've made it this far, you should be aware that the Jews did 9/11 and you're retarded if you don't even question the official 9/11 commission. And by retarded, I mean you're a fearful bastard who probably will flag this comment, strictly on the basis that its "Stepped over its bounds" and will offend poor little grandma. Well, you know what? Fuck grandma. She was a dumb Slut just like mom. She got pregnant and fucked up her dreams before she was 20, but I suppose that was more "commendable" back then, huh? Well, sorry to break it to ya, but having kids, growing old and dying is a waste of life. You haven't even figured out your own self and now you wanna bring another life into this world so you can vicariously live through them and impart all your insecurities into their innocent heart? Also, make sure they go to college and get an "education". Because we all know 50k in student loans is the best way to teach someone that committing suicide would be a lot easier than this bullshit. So, the cycle repeats. What fun? Well, thanks for joining me and remember to stick your head in the sand when any real truth is placed in front of you. :)


tl;dr -  You should have listened to blazetheraze and just stopped reading. 




 I have a crush with you.  









 A comfortable read through about the mysterious murder and investigation therein of Elizabeth Short, better know as "The Black Dahlia".  What are your thoughts on this unsolved LAPD case?
 









 MDE never dies. 




 the first female president. a proud day for americo 









 darn, I thought the video was gonna be will sasso doing a conspiracy theory parody.  




 Bro...Don't even, bro.  




 I love this show. Everything always comes back to bite Larry in the bottom ;) His movie, "Clear History" on HBO is to die for!! 




 Thank you.  




 Green Monkeys baby 









 Honestly, I think he's gay. 




 to absorb entertainment. If you read my statement again, its stating that you "shouldn't" worry about what people say about you on the INTERNET 




 who cares what others think. its just internet 









 I wonder what Heaven's gonna be like? This life is one part of infinity and only seems to matter as to set a stage for whats to come. Boy oh boy, I can't wait. It's like, every story we read is about conflict, but the story in Heaven will be eternal peace. It'll be so unbelievably great to have our minds opened to the understanding of resting forever in the arms of Christ.  




 Poopsicle Sandwich 




 it auto downloads upon click. imgur it please 




 I swear they've been using the same engine since 3 





























 It really, really is. I've been reading through a lot of the classics lately on my YouTube page, and this one specifically has the strongest sense of unfiltered, unadulterated, honest fiction. Timeless.   




 yes! Very captivating in the hellashish sense  














 son-of-a-bitch 














 If only every pokemon from the first 151 would be in Smash bros. That would be the end of all games. Super Poke'Bros 




 shut up https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEG-ly9tQGk 



















 Yeah, good thing an outside party was there to catch this incident organically. 














 gayest vine in the galaxy 




 What are those bright red stars? Giant Suns or? 









 Thannks, friend :) 



















 yes sir! 














 Let's Read!  - I read stories :)
Http://www.youtube.com/user/LetsReadOfficial  




 good point. maybe they should do a cringe face system ranging from "Oh jesus, this guy again" to "hmm...maybe?" 









 You know MODS, on a less serious subreddit called /r/games they put little things above links that are hearsay, such as "UNSUBSTANTIATED" and "BULLSHIT". Even tho I'm sure the french attacks were some sort of government ploy. 




 Yeah, San Andreas getting AO on the offshoot that someone "mods" the game. I'm pretty excited for Hatred game. Public outrage just likes to hear itself speak. 









 Awesome! Love me a good scifi 



















 yeah, just put some ear plugs in or sumtin

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3tiGGR4IS8 feature=youtu.be 




 I can't believe. 




 Sure is great how that spilt glass landed on its feet. 




 Haha no worries, totally understandable  




 I'm just imaging, for asmr, it could be a role play and the sounds picked up as a the balloons rub together could be popular lol 














 I was worried it would be a video of the actual "devouring". Glad it wasn't. Feel bad for the kid, but, based on piranha eating habits, the body was most likely previously deceased (maybe drowning?) and eaten post-mortem - as piranha, even within large groups, are primarily scavengers.

**NSFW** http://gfycat.com/DistinctElatedBluebird#?frameNum=210 ***NSFL***   




 Yorkshire! I'm gonna subscribe to you, love your accent and content. You should totally do a balloon animal making video :) 
























 Wow, quite odd indeed. Demonic entities? 




 /r/hailcorporate 



















 daddy likey
 




 bruh
 




 Whatever you say... 









 You can see the angel push the car 




 I suppose this would fall into a variation of asmr focusing on standard narration  




 sound that makes your head/body tingle/feel good :)

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Autonomous_sensory_meridian_response

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5QjfnIHZ1A 




 this good 



















 my fuckin text message went off right when i opened this. I've come to the conclusion that images are amplified exponentially with sound. Hence, horror movies. 




 not familiar with paul of dune 




 Alternate saga from notes that frank Herbert's family found in his attic, I believe  



















 haha thanks! I love falling asleep to really boring/interesting vidyas :) 














 And he posted to the right place 




 Thank you, friend :) Great Author 



















 Pain insists upon being attended to. God whispers to us in our pleasures, speaks in our consciences, but shouts in our pains. It is his megaphone to rouse a deaf world.


 C.S. Lewis


I'm not even sure if I like that answer, but just a quote on short notice.  




 Thanks a lot, friend. Been trying to branch out with different short stories. If you have any suggestions, feel free to let me know :) 



















 [For those who didn't get the reference](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ) 




 If CISPA was around, this would've never happened... 














 yes 




 THe Luv GurU, Starringg mike 




 thank you 




 http://i.imgur.com/gYfs709.jpg

http://np.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2qmzzc/this_is_what_i_woke_up_to_on_christmas_after_i/

makes me sick 









 She wants to date, but like others have said, I don't want to get into anything and back out and hurt her. 




 I met this really fantastic girl a while ago, we immediately hit it off, as she was boisterous, excitable and able to have a conversation without awkwardness or judgement. We're both Christians with a strong understanding of the message of Christ and both work in the same field, so we get to spend some time together pretty frequently. I felt immediately comfortable around her which is really nice. 

I've had people within the same circle of friends come up to me in conversation and borderline bug as to why we aren't dating and how she "screams 'my' girlfriend". 

The only issue is, I just don't feel the sensation you would when looking at someone physically beautiful, and I fear that makes me superficial. Is it wrong to have all other aspects of a christian relationship line up perfectly, but turn it down because the physical attraction is not? 

I've prayed about it for a while, and I would never want to get into something that I'm not at least all on board for, because I'd never want to end up hurting someone. I've read scripture that "beauty is fleeting and charm is deceptive, but a woman who fears the lord is to be held high", but maybe I'm not mature enough in my life right now to fully accept that. I don't know.  




 got em 



















 If you don't get in, which, as you've stated, is a possibility - don't give up on life. It may be a doorway to an unhindered sense of freedom you may have never known before if you didn't waste your entire life worrying about what your parents or other people thought about you. Think about all those bankers who TRIED SO HARD their entire lives, to get to the top, and find that there is nothing there for them except for the superficial numerical value next to their name. The second that plummets, they do as well off the 33rd story of their high rise apartment. The point is, fuck this stupid world and its expectations. You have a chance here to not give two shits for once and that is a weight that only the great have had lifted from their overburdened shoulders. Be free, my friend.  





























 Thank you so much, friend. 




 haha no worries! What story would you enjoy read? :) 














 haha some early blunders (esp part 2 lol), but really trying to pick it up. posting a star wars fan fiction in just a bit if you're interested. Darth Maul's in this one. 









 you bet! 





























 Thanks friend! Any suggestions or requests are greatly appreciated 


































 Kill this man! Hand sanitation so highly important that the thought of someone I will never meet not doing it appropriately drives me to the brink of fedora induced nausea.  




 Yes, makes you ponder intelligent design, God, that sort of thing. Almost too great to be coincidence and chance.   




 This is a little farfetched but I had an idea I wanted to share -

IF time travel were possible, could it be a possibility that the locations and time frames the individual is travelling to could actually be one of the infinite and varying parallel universes all coexisting within the same conscious reality? This is with the perspective that all time is is one moment, and all those one moments exist all on top of each other but in infinite characteristics, times and variations.

This is somewhat String Theory-esque but I wanted to hear some insightful opinions. Thank you.  




 "They call me, Loam" 




 Dank memes 




 No one will ever understand your difficulty in taking a human life. Being able to articulate the feeling with you, will prove even more difficult. Your commanding officer reaches his hand down, placing it on your shoulder. In your daze, you feel an understanding resonate through his touch. Transmitted through his neural fibers to your own is the momentary revelation that you required from another human. You stand to witness the presence of the man's mother fall and engulf your victims body in a protective hysterical shell. To see the judgement and sadness in her eyes would be the end of your soul. You turn and fall back into line. 














 At first I thought you were joking because it was the exact argument that was made in the video lol 




 You're comparing the murder and death of thousands of individuals to not getting 25 cents off of your eggs Benedict... 














 I had to reset everything in my entire computer after installing Max Payne 3, I remember 




 I wonder why this guy is so adamant about something so unobtrusive to his own life?  



















 I understand you emotions my friend. Some of your statements I'll chock up to poetry before God. You are trying so hard to be heard by others, loved, but also loved by God, many of the old testament writers shared your exact same pain, but within different context. I struggle with the desire to be accepted by woman, and it seems like a lot of guys experience acceptance on a regular basis, whether from their girl friend or various co-ed friends etc. But, at the end of the day, the only one that will fill the hole in your heart will be Jesus. Seek after him with all your heart. Join a bible study, a men's group, go evangelize and help people with your new found brethren and sisters, serving Christ as a community. God wants you to focus first on Him, because if he gives you a female, there's a possibility, in your passion, you may lose touch with your need for God and place her on a pedestal that will only collapse around. Let God be your strong and mighty foundation, brother! YOU ARE A MAN! A Man of God! A lover of souls and brokenhearted. You love them because you know the brokenness!   




 napkin was used for naughty thingz.  




 Purgatory is not overtly mentioned in the bible and is contradictory to the finality of Christ's Sacrifice.  




 What happens if you're cremated? You come back as an urn? 




 same actually. it was almost, too obvious haha 














 http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2oovwb/i_told_my_mom_i_was_really_sick_today_an_hour/

followed by a thread appealing to how awesome moms are and how you should equate them to mass marketed goods 




 The Rat hated it but I love it 




 Thank you! 



















 Waking Life is in my top 5 for shore 




 Oh wow, thank you friend :) 
























 Maybe I'm struggling with some psychological perspective that my distaste for services that I continue to participate in is what God does not appreciate. Maybe, I need to experience God through a differing manner than your common church service/worship service.  




 Exactly. My conspiratorial side makes me ponder some strange top-down marketing scheme.  




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-kifCYToAU YouTube Link 




 I like Sufjan 




 So, its more of an intellectual decision than sensation experienced? or? 




 Man made tradition of 1.) arrive 2.) greet 3.) announcements 4.) offering 5.) praise music 6.) sermon 7.) praise music 8.) leave.

This isn't inherently a bad thing. It just can become very stagnant and doesn't seem to leave much room for growth, progression or the Holy Spirit.  




 I think, it would seem, that most praise music played within the church, fits within the paradigm or genre of contemporary bands such as Hillsong and I feel as if though that it is very limiting. 




 It is becoming as such, yes.  




 I know, that's kinda what I've been struggling with. /r/videos doesn't seem to care, this subreddit seemed appropriate for the content, /r/ASMR likes tingle voices but only if I speak slow and make p-p-pop noises. My go to's have been /r/history sometimes, /r/creepyreadings for creepypastas and /r/audiobooksonyoutube for short stories. Who knows lol. Figured I'll just keep pumping out content until it builds up slowly or PewDiePie finds me and makes a react video of my creepypastas haha 




 I've come to find that I'm far more passionate and, what I feel is, closer to God when I'm passionately singing a song that I truly enjoy. Hymnals and contemporary rock music just doesn't seem to raise my spirit like, what it seems for, others around me. It's gone as far as making me not look forward to church, as I know that I'm only going to be faking my way through the worship and praise portion and just end up feeling indifferent and bored by the time we reach the message/sermon portion. Does there really need to be a "set list" of praise songs that each worship band needs to know? Isn't that commercialization, if we're just singing 'Hillsong' every week? Similar to man-made traditions that God seems to disdain, in the bible, we in westernized Christianity, seem to be "religiously" following a set path each week when it comes to something as simple as worshiping God. It almost feels as if there is an insinuation that there are no other options aside from this routine and I feel we are overdue for some much needed deviations.    




 Thanks :) Will do! Any other suggestions are most welcome 




 Yeah, they're primarily clips from Ralph Bakshi 














 Let's not use the word, "Terrorists". Let's use, "Guys that broke the rules that day".  




 Thank you! I have more if you wanna read it :) 














 A colossal planetary orb overlooks our home. Nearly at the climax of its kiss with the rock we call Earth. Some of the most amazing shades of blue you'll ever see. Colors you don't find here. Colors artists attempt, and fail to replicate. It only peaks every 68 years, but you can always see it coming months in advance. A new star in the sky at first, then within half a year's time, the harvest moon dawns forth its peak. Some call it our planet's passing lover. Some call it the thief, as it drags our moon with it for a time before gravity can set itself right - which it always does. When it does come, it's always an exciting time here. The world seems to come together in peace for nearly a year in the common endeavor to appreciate what some hold as God's Passing Eye. It pushes the rain away from certain areas, and in others, the clouds gather and the water just won't stop falling. And then comes the twilit days and shadowless nights. By the time the Sun hits noon, the sky is eclipsed, and the blue hues don't miss anything after sun down. Some even believe the vibratory luminescence can evoke an inner potential. It truly is an experience that all should share in at least one lifetime. 

 Sheol and I lay under the aquatic nightlight, overlooking our village  of which is celebrating Peak Banquet. The festival lights give illusion that the night's excitement is nearly at its apex, paralleling the sapphire that penetrates our sky. The blue bulb emanates such an energy, causing a sense of invigoration through its very presence . Away from all the festival cheer, its song can be heard through energetic vibrations that hum only soft enough for those who listen closely - those who seek to hear. Resting next to one another, hands grasped, I can feel the vastness of the cosmic sphere reverberating through us both, nearly enhancing through our physical connection.

 "They say it's getting closer, you know, Sheol gently let out. In my hypnosis, I nearly missed what she'd said.

 "Uh... You don't buy into that collision course fear do you?" I rattle off in nearly the same words I've heard from my pop time and time again. She paused for a long while, her eyes reflecting equally beautiful seas of blue back at the monster in the sky. 

 "I don't know...My father's been doing a lot of work at the observatory lately, and he says...something's different." Her gaze never breaks from the atmosphere, and I have no words to say. "He says at this rate, this might be the last cycle before...The event. Silence fills the air as what she said begins to pass over me. 
 
 Fireworks can be seen popping and fading in sparkling reds and yellows near village square. The irony of it all nearly brings a smile to my face. We lay there quietly, looking directly at what some hold in highest form of natural phenomenon and beauty, and by the same means, could very well bring about our end. But the fear, the fear had not overtaken me. I know I am exactly where I'm supposed to be. Sheol clasps my hand even tighter  her vision transfixed towards the endless blue; and all I can hear is that gentle hum.  




 Fat Scott wiped the primate feces from his second chin, "Worst...Scott...Ever..." 




 A read through of the history of Shell Shock and a visual presentation of its horrific effects during war. Truly terrifying stuff.  
























 A comfortable read through of the life and accomplishments of Nikola Tesla. What are your thoughts on the legacy left by this man? 









 Well, then cops in the US must be prepared to kill everyday, because they do it a lot.  





























 Putin is a bank to the puppeting obamas just like cartel 




 Why does Reddit love gays so much, Papa?

Because it's full of em', buddy, it's full of em'... 




 that's gonna be useful soon 














 I am simply stating that your examination and observation of the world is gonna be biased and contradictory, no matter your stance. You only can be sure of the time in which you were born and died, never being a first hand account, or authority to past or future.  




 Basically, its the age old internet argument that if you killed your grandfather, you would never be born. Therefore, he believes (most likely based on the Reddit hivemind Sagan-Degrasse Tyson indoctrination) that if Moses would have been killed, the Jews would never have been freed, Jesus would have never been born, christianity would have never developed, science would be praised, and we'd be on Mars right now with robots that would jerk us off on command. But, that's taking into consideration that there would be NO other religions to come into existence during that time (thus forwarding 'progress'), over analyzing that religion is a hindrance in the first place, and that humans could ever, or will ever progress to this hypothetical "stage II" society. 

End of the day. The kid most likely hated church growing up, felt some sort of enlightenment by browsing reddit, and now holds science to be the new god (that holds him to no social standard) of whom he puts his faith daily 



























































 The most influential Christian angelic hierarchy was that put forward by Pseudo-Dionysius the Areopagite in the 4th or 5th century in his book De Coelesti Hierarchia (On the Celestial Hierarchy). During the Middle Ages, many schemes were proposed, some drawing on and expanding on Pseudo-Dionysius, others suggesting completely different classifications.

 What are your thoughts on this interpretation of historical mythology? 









 GAMEPLAY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sM4cJk_wy1Q 




 The most influential Christian angelic hierarchy was that put forward by Pseudo-Dionysius the Areopagite in the 4th or 5th century in his book De Coelesti Hierarchia (On the Celestial Hierarchy). During the Middle Ages, many schemes were proposed, some drawing on and expanding on Pseudo-Dionysius, others suggesting completely different classifications.

What are your thoughts on this interpretation of historical mythology? 









 Raiden is so funny in that movie 




 just a beta no worries. the torch is probably still recognizing as a direct light source in conjunction with the flame animation, rather than a separate object in and of itself. This game has far to go before release time. The good thing is that I imagine even if it comes out 2 years from now, it will still maintain novelty due to its physically based combat and dungeon crawler aesthetic.   




 I think its a prelude 




 Yeah, maybe German people were kept just as unaware and ignorant as our own people today.  




 Even if you find a relationship with a girl, it won't satisfy. Why don't you try something radically different? Give up all the bullshit of being in college and meandering through life and go in search of God. Pick a road and follow it. Just keep going. Don't stop till your experiences have given you such an appreciation for life that you can't but be thankful for what God has given you and even more thankful for His grace on a wretch like you, that He came down from his throne as a god and humbled himself to human form and to die for your spiritual disgust. You soon will find a realization that your physical attributes are nothing in the eternity found in your spirit and companionship with the Creator of All Things. Suicide is fucking lazy. It's cheap and requires no effort other than wallowing in the deception that Satan has cast upon you. Living is a true accomplishment. So why don't you go show up every random good looking bastard with a girl friend by living a life that is beyond the mundane and trance like. BE FREE! BE FREE! BE FREE! IN THE NAME OF JESUS CHRIST, BE FREE! 




 9/11 




 its essentially bull shit. It wasn't until recent that Sony upped the ante by including free game incentives each month with their PS plus package, which initially on the ps3 online was free. Xbox followed suit, but those greedy bastards still don't give ya much, shit like Assassin's creed brotherhood 5 yrs after it released. PS plus at least gives you games that have been out for only a year at times. Long story short, PC master race.  




 Yeah, I never understood the appeal of Keighly. Because, in reality, his experience really only extended to Gametrailers.com before he sold out to Spike TV. He also just seems pale and boring. Not a bad guy, just underwhelming in the realm of television. Whatevs.  




 He doesn't always have to be a dorito man. He can do whatever he wants. and When does a game journalist ever REALLY make a difference? best a journalist can do is entertain and inform 




 Steam sale going on for cyberpunk games till march 20th 




 Steam is having a Cyberpunk sale right now till march 20th. I'd high suggest you get there now 





























 - Sufjan Stevens
- Brand New
- The Welcome Wagon 




 He got a big foot in his ass 




 good stuff 




 :D 


































 ...and the moo- Shit! 




 dude, this is Reddit. How dare you criticize Oblama. 




 New Zealand  




 Most likely correct
 









 Well, national guard  will most likely not see duty, but who knows. Just depends if you want to put yourself in a position where you may have to "neutralize" a target, or enemy, or random bystander they think has an IED, or seize an opium field or oil field completely unrelated to "fighting terrorism". I personally don't agree with the military, especially the marines, it places people in morally compromising positions that may or may not lead to horrendous sins, some of which cause some to question their humanity.  




 Do you think the soldiers at that time were more of a police force rather than a military? 


































 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpaRouocBes t=2m0s 









 k
 




 Yeah, how dark? 




 I do get frustrated that Christian folk in the US seem to worship Israel as a manifestation of the likeness of Jesus Himself. In reality, all throughout the Bible, God constantly condemns Israel for turning from God, allowing its enemies to rule over Israel when it is especially far from God. Obviously God never gives up on Israel, but allows them wallow in the free choice of sin like any other sinner. I see current times as no different, Israel, for the most part, does not hold the Christian Messiah as authoritative and certainly does not turn to God alone, given that the land is becoming more secular by the hour. Much like the united states.  




 I just felt like Halo hadn't changed much and the novelty wore off from when I was in high school.  




 It is obvious that the United States shows an insurmountable amount of favoritism and biased to Israel. My question is why?

I know this subreddit can be full of memes and click-bait at times, so I want to take this opportunity now for anyone with legitimate knowledge and sources to please share with the rest of us. What are the direct links between the United States and the embarrassingly blatant influence Israel has on our politics, culture and military?

Who are the people? How is the money distributed? How did it get this way? And, where will it lead the US? 

I don't ask this to start argument, I earnestly ask this to be informed. Thank you in advance.  




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkvLuVsK6vw FIRST NIGHT, no spoilers, just mechanics 









 Can't wait to hear about the reaction at the Adult Swim booth at PAX East! 














 2025, MARS ONE PROJECT 




 Temptation comes and passes. Eyes on something else. Do a quick lap around the block. We will never live up. But a little battle won, is a relational boost with Christ that is all too worth it.  




 Spoiler - It was Magneto 





























 angry joe makes me ill inside and I'm upset this sub loves him so much. 




 Come-on-a-Yayy-HAA!! 









 That's great I love the color and style. reminds me of old asimov book covers and good anime. 




 this one's pretty crippy http://i.imgur.com/rUmJKbL.jpg
and this one http://i.imgur.com/wuuTVcM.jpg
and this one http://i.imgur.com/RUBdehh.jpg
and this one http://i.imgur.com/ajJgt66.png
and this one kinda http://i.imgur.com/Zoa3IZ4.jpg 




 Let's just stay focused on the Spaghetti situation 









 I didn't see that. Any good ones? 



















 Could totally photoshop something creepy in that water 
























 Who can tell if it's true or not, but Andrew goes to extensive lengths to make his story known 









 I'm confused why not a single Christ follower has entered this conversation? 




 Link to audiostory - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1Vb86zpWtM

One of Robert A. Heinlein's Future History stories, the short story originally appeared in The Saturday Evening Post (February 8, 1947) What are your thoughts on this uncanny representation of pioneer space travel? 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_MGXHHOPXEQ 




 It was an example, and a commonly used form of demonic communication. I understand you perceive this as a cliche, but you must begin to see yourself as an eternal soul within the shell of your body. The beings you come in communication are ancient creatures, long since separated from their bodily temples, cast to float within the darkness. They have nothing more than eternal hatred flowing through their existence in hopes to separate you from the eternal God. They have nothing else. We humans are easily led astray. Do not be one of the many.  









 Lucifer was the leader of worship within Heaven before he was cast out. He knows makes you tick. We humans are built to worship something, anything, whatever that idol may be. Also, your comparison is not fair, Ouija boards are an attempt to come in direct contact with spiritual entities. Heavy Metal music, pending the energy or theme within its message, is not an overt spiritual activity. Though it all begins with a seed sown. Do not be naive, friend.  




 Often as Christians, we speak of living a godly life but forget about that which exists around us at all times, the spiritual realm. The spiritual realm is the true realm to which all of us will exist within once we exit our bodies and are connected to the Father. Yet, we often go day to day, praying and speaking to God without realizing the true power of prayer and our authority that we are granted and protected by in the power and authority of our Savior, Yeshua, Jesus Christ. We have angels that follow us everywhere we go, who protect us from demonic onslaught and can be commanded in the name of Christ to intervene in godly manners and spiritual issues that are worthy of God's purpose. There are evil forces that will latch on to us, should we allow Sin to enter into our life willfully. The power of these angels are subdued and held back due to our willingness to Sin. This is God's desire to allow so, so that we shall be humbled to reliance on Him alone. We as human souls are also powerless within the spiritual realm without protection and guidance from the Lord. We shall not enter the kingdom of Heaven or survive the haze of the spiritual dark realms without our savior by our side. If you play with occult activities such as Ouija boards, you may perceive them as simply a game, yet you open portals for demons to enter your life and your bloodline. Do not mess with that which you are not meant to partake in. If you have fallen into this, turn from it, and pray in the authority of Christ to cast away and destroy this evil that has entered your life through portals and footholds. If you attempt to astral project, you will be deceived by the demons into believing you are in control and have power. But in fact, you will be a mere human swimming in a vast shark infested sea. You will be bound to being eaten alive. Without the mercy and support from our creator, our author of life, our lover of souls, we are doomed to fall into deep sin. Friends, be aware of all that exists around you, bound and determined to drag you away from the love that Christ graciously pours upon our weeping souls. His love abounds eternally, and simply requires a humbling of pride to enter into a kingdom that stands strong forever. Claim this love that Jesus has for you, claim this authority that Jesus shields you with. Our eyes do not perceive the apparent message of the spiritual realm as they once were intended to, yet, this realm exists and there is a war waging around you for your eternal soul. Stand firm on the Lord - know that He will never leave, abandon or turn from you. Call upon his name with trust and sincerity. The greatest spoils of this world are rotting, as we speak, in the face of the eternal God. Be well and turn your sorrowful eyes to the King of Kings, the LOVER OF YOUR SOUL.  




 His reaction to her having her leg ripped off was a little under-dramatic. And I can't believe they didn't show gameplay during the credits, that's the most opportune time to showcase the game it's preluding  




 I feel so bad for games that take so many years to make, and I don't even finish them, throwing them off to the side to gather dust. Sure they received my money on the initial purchase, but I'm sure people have more invested in these projects than hopes for money.  




 That must be it, they're just rewriting the ending....for 10 years... 




 :D 














 So taser doesn't work, "wouldn't be restrained", so logically the next step is to fill him with lead. How can you justify this people? its all on video.  
























 The video credits bixby in the description silly goose 




 They credit them in the video description silly goose 




 So sad. Welcome to planet fucking Earth. No words for how unbelievably ineffective these officers are. Guns, badges, revoked immediately. 

When would using a lethal weapon in this situation ever conceivably appear like a smart choice. They murdered a man. May God have mercy on his and their souls.  




 No prob! 












































 ya bastard dick shit 




 Exactly, I can't imagine what would go through a self absorbed toddler's mind with that kind of power  




 Yeah! They did an old episode back in the day :) 














 I sense your sarcasm and I know there's grey areas but there is clearly an overarching complacency towards the constant bombings and occupation of Middle Eastern people's homelands. This lack of action has extended within the average church goer's mind to placidly allow their child to partake in the military lifestyle under the generalized guise that they are fighting some generic, propagandized evil known as "Terrorism".   




 You could say any random church that politically supports our troops over seas at this very instant in the name of "defeating terrorism" is supporting the misguided 20 somethings armed with assault rifles committing the atrocities.  









 suspended for 6 months? just long enough for everyone to forget and the show goes on 




 I'm glad you didn't do it. Jesus has a purpose for your life. One that must be fulfilled before the even greater purpose will, beginning in eternity with the Father!!!!!!!! 



















 apparently it requires permission to use. google drive. 














 tiught of u to do that 




 thats a cool econ ref dude 




 shut up 




 guize nuff 




 nope its mn 




 shhu t up 




 10 downvotes 




 The Adventures of Mark Twain (1995) 














 High Def version https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AHOPZIa6U0 




 If you had a dynamic lighting system, that would be pristine. 




 It certainly would be the perfect length for it 









 Flouride, as you know, is a heavy metal, part of the halogen family. Heavy metals are usually excreted through out lymphatic system, but in heavy doses can collected and calcify, backing up your thyroid and rendering your immune system compromised.   




 nuttersbutters to you, fiend 




 And it took a Chem-trail to do it. Seem appropriate. 




 Link to audiostory: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4R3G-P4WZ0

 Being credited with having created a science fiction subgenre depicting a planet or star colliding, or near-colliding with Earth, H.G. Wells apocalyptic short story stills hold relevancy in readers imaginations to this day. 
 What are your thoughts on this Sci-Fi Classic? 














 its kind of like the story of mewtwo in the first pokemon movie where he's super powerful but has no idea what his purpose is so he despises that which created him - humans  




 Lol good point. Reddit will be around for the rest of forever 




 Link to audiostory - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFU15ec01iU

Winning a Hugo Award in 1968. "Harlan Ellison wrote 'I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream' in a single night in 1966, making virtually no changes from the first draft. He derived the story's title, as well as inspiration for this story, from a drawing by a friend, William Rotsler." What are your thoughts on this terrifyingly mysterious classic? 









 wtf is this fucking bullshit? propoganda? on reddit? get out of town 














 I hate mainstream reddit. I hate the hivemind and I hate how unbelievably predictable they all are. How is it possible that such a large majority of minds all center around one particular topic, such as supporting vaccinations and countless other mindless bullshit (such as their obsession with Neil De Gressie Tyson, "science" and Cats). Yet, there is an insane amount of confirmation, circlejerk bias that people on reddit are "intelligent". You would think, just statistically, that there would be a varied split on opinions of popular topics, yet when you scroll through a comments section, all differing opinions are downvoted to oblivion. 

Is there some sort of robot algorithm that upvotes all posts that fall within the calculated perspective necessary to be viewed on reddit or have we, as a culminated population, truly created a singular hivemind that is so indoctrinated to believe one particular side of an argument or perspective that the system just perpetuates itself forward. Is it a fear of being downvoted? Does anyone actually care about "karma" or another internet person's opinion on themself? 

If anyone could shine some light on this topic, you'd be more than welcome to speak your mind.  




 I'm so astonipshed 




 What if none of us give a shit? 














 I don't see how crossfit could be generalized like this. The act of crossfit is a workout regimen involving power lifting, some olympic lifts, and organized circuit work outs. Usually each gym has a specific area for the crossfit members to workout, staying out of the way of stationary gym equipment.

Generalizing crossfitters to be douchebags based on this guy is about the same as generalizing all youtubers to be blatant retards because you watched PewDiePie. 

Or better yet, say that all redditors are part of the hivemind because they follow your dumbass comment.  














 you bet! 









 Awesome! How many books can we fit into these hexagonal hallways? :) 




 Short story audiobook can be viewed here - https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=WYqICycMxb0

Arthur C. Clarke has been noted on record stating "I am continually annoyed by careless references to 'The Sentinel' as 'the story on which 2001 is based'; it bears about as much relation to the movie as an acorn to the resultant full-grown oak. (Considerably less, in fact, because ideas from several other stories were also incorporated.) Even the elements that Stanley Kubrick and I did actually use were considerably modified. Thus the 'glittering, roughly pyramidal structure... set in the rock like a gigantic, many-faceted jewel' becameafter several modificationsthe famous black monolith. And the locale was moved from the Mare Crisium to the most spectacular of all lunar craters, Tychoeasily visible to the naked eye from Earth at Full Moon."

What are your thoughts towards the comparison? The stories themselves share a similar pillar, yet what do you find are their most contrasting differences? 




 Lol if they began scripting interstellar back in 1940 




 Do you think so? I find the music adds a sense of atmosphere the voice may not allow 
























 Apricot seeds - b17 - start now 









 [One step ahead of ya!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BROWqjuTM0g) 














 short story featured on the Twilight Zone, The Simpsons: Tree House of Horror and selected for The Science Fiction Hall of Fame, enjoy :) 














 spool/n/thread 




 HOW DARE you like this game that everyone made a big deal about for no reason and have never seen violence of this caliber in any other game and/or media, especially within the United States of Murica'! - Nancy Grace

Can't wait for this game. I can now live out my sadistic fantasies within a virtual simulation rather than shooting up my skool like I secretly planned on doing. Thank you, Hatred!  
























 Give a man a kindle, you entertain him for a few days. Teach a man to kindle, you, uh, don't get as much karma.  




 http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2u14kd/i_gave_this_homeless_man_paul_my_kindle_after/ 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2twc8u/had_an_amazing_revelation_the_other_day_pbj_oreo/

Even though, I would totally do this in a heart beat... Fuck you companies etc! 




 fag/s 





























