 Nice bike! 




 I was never a big fan of Opinels but I gotta say, that is beautiful.  




 If you dont mind me asking, what's with the knives on the bottom row 2, 3 and 4 from the left? 




 I just bought my first Spyderco tenacious about 6 months ago.  They make good stuff. 




 How big is that blade? I love the knife but seems a little to big for every day carry. 




 Its tough but I love the challenge.  




 Down vote this.  I figured it out, I am playing on hardened and I realize I have to press square. 




 I downloaded the game and played though a part of the prolonge and when I get the the alleyway with tommy he glitches out and won't continue forward.  I can't continue on because the infected guy at the end keeps on killing me. 




 That lady was right, that homeless man was beaten up by a group of thugs. 




 Gratuitous.  




 I always preferred Pepsi.  




 Watch the movie "under the skin".  You're welcome. 




 Why orange and green?  




 Spyderco tenacious.  3.125 inch blade, has a good weight to it feels sturdy and well made just all around a good knife. 




 3rd base line, section 126, row 3. 




 Its like an abusive relationship.  They keep on getting socked in the face but always end up crawling back.  




 I have the same Oliver Winchester knife!!! I have never seen anyone else that has it.  Solid knife.  




 No, the clip cannot be adjusted.  




 Its a great knife.  Feels well made and has a good blade on it. 




 I feel for ya.   




 The Nobleman, I picked it up in a cutlery store for 25 bucks. 









 The scene in Hardball where G-baby got shot and they showed his little coffin.  I lost it that that scene.  




 I have that knife, its a good blade.   




 Win the player-haters ball. 




 I have an '82 cb900c.  When I bought it everything worked great.  The only problems I have is that the engine doesn't re-fill the battery and I had to change the tires as well as break pads.   




 I dare you, I double dare you motherfucker say whore one more God damn time! 




 This is a good sign.  When the arguement is this extreme you can bet that they're scrambling for a reason to continue on.   




 I read a short story once where one of the characters was named "fat boy", it was free so I let it slide.   




 Is this an Xbone exclusive?  




 Do you know why aspirin are white?
Because they work. 




 that phrase takes on a whole new meaning when it comes to Hannibal.   




 Does anyone know what she said? 




 Hannibal.  The entire first season they are winding Will Graham up to become a monster.  




 That guy has a great pair of tits. 




 pass on the right = death. 




 Just assume every time you go out riding the other drivers are blind, deaf and dumb. 




 Or you can just download them online for free. 









 Truly fantastic!  There were times I stayed up until 3 or 4 in the morning reading that series, really hard to put down those books at times.  
























 Ya I have read all her books.  I liked Dark Places the most but ya you're right.  She writes some brutal stories.   




 Sharp objects by Gillian Flynn  




 You should check out Gurren lagann.   




 Freedom. 




 I'm throwing my money at the computer but nothing is happening. 




 Kill la kill. 




 I finished madoka magica but I'll check those out! 




 I was the same way man.  Check out kill la kill, first 2 or 3 episodes will seem a bit silly and girly but it quickly rakes a real dark turn. 




 Thank you!  




 I read all of the light novel translations that can be found in the sidebar.  My question is; is there a difference between those translations and the official ones? And how is that different from the progressive? 




 I actually wouldn't mind spending time with the avatar.  As long as I am an earthbender then I'm fine.  




 What is the middle one on the bottom row? 




 Congratulations, that Is officially my new wallpaper for my phone.  That is really good! 




 The struggle is real man. 









 Well tell them to hurry their ass up then.  I need to get my fix. 




 Does anyone know when vol.15 will be translated? 




 That's a good album.   









 R.K. Flame has some pretty cool knives. 




 I think Half-life has one of the best story lines in the business.   




 Who is your favorite fictional villain? 




 I can honestly say on the last episode I will loose my shit. 




 That bike looks like a death trap...and I absolutely love it! 




 The deepest circle in hell is reserved for people who knock over motorcycles just because they can.  




 I would have liked her more in dexter if every other word out of her mouth WASN'T a swear. 




 I love my 82' cb900, it is truly a great bike! 




 *just curious. 




 I agree with you, I was  




 Do you know when 15 is gonna be out? 




 I started reading them about a week ago...I'm already in volume 10.  Read them you won't regret it. 




 Wow. 




 I can understand that.   




 I never saw the appeal for knives like that.  Unless you're Sam Fisher or something they really aren't that practical.   




 How can you mend this broken heart - Al Green. 




 What is the third one from the bottom? 




 Michael is a Demigod.  




 Im re-playing Far Cry 3. 




 That made me laugh...now im sad. 





























 I loved this book.  It was a little dry when it came to the science portions but overall extremely humorous and exciting.   




 Think of George Clooney but not as attractive. 




 Ya was the book kinda shallow? Yes.  Did it have flavor and some flair? Yes.  If he keeps that cycle going then hell I'd buy the sequel. 




 Ending to the devil is a part timer.
 




 Russia isn't a country, it's a corporation.   




 I think they started out the show with that episode to plant the idea of a giant transmutation circle. 




 I think the opening to log horizon is pretty awesome as well as the ending to kill la kill. 




 What are you looking at smooth-skin? 




 I am reading it right now and I know exactly how you feel! 




 You should try tea, I don't like drinking coffee either. 




 The orange box.  




 What kinda phone do you have?  




 She wasn't going to even if you didn't forget the tip.  




 I absolutely love the song caravan. 




 Whooooooooo AMERICA!!!! 




 She was great in the west wing.  




 It looks like it has been sitting underwater for the last 10 years.  I like it, it's different.   




 Three of those knives cost over 200 bucks.  I wouldn't call that humble.   




 He was also in an episode of The West Wing.  




 The west wing. 




 Because we walked out of the cave.   




 Iroh- the last airbender 




 I love anime.  My friends think I'm weird but nothing else comes close in story telling for me. 




 Congratulations.  You corrected a figure of speech.  Douchebag.   




 I love that show. 




 It would only be for non-violent offenders. 




 Haven't you ever read a book that changed your life? 




 Why not? 




 Obviously there would be some conditions on what books qualify but the logic is sound.  The more you read, the sooner you can leave. 




 Then have the democratic congressmen stand with him and just leave the Republicans at the altar.   




 For every book they read and submit a book report they should get X amount of time shaved off of their time.   




 He should just do the state of the union on the steps of capital hill.  Speaking directly to the people not some asshole congressmen.   




 Skyrim. 




 I love that small one! 




 I don't know if ya'll would consider it anime but the credit music for the legend of korra always gets me a little raw. 




 I couldn't stand Rossiu from TTGL.  I thought he was a douche-bag.   




 Gta V,
Sleeping dogs,
The last of us. 




 Where can I place an order for the larger one? 




 2014 




 Gone girl was FANTASTIC! you're gonna like it. 
























 We were going for the small subtle changes.   









 I'm cheering for the martians.  Slaine is the man! 




 Mosquitoes, they suck. 




 Feed me, seymour. 




 Am I the only one that thinks Slaine is a good guy?  




 That book KICKS ASS! 




 I chew, but that is disgusting. 




 Now is a good time to.  You won't regret it, even at full price. 




 I'm still trying to beat TLoU on grounded mode.  It's incredibly difficult but I love it. 




 Ya s1009RR just looked generic to me.  I really liked the R nineT, if had the money I would buy it today.   




 Ya know it's the middle of winter I guess I'm just itching to go on a ride.   




 A Russian wedding without at least 3 deaths is considered a dull affair. 




 Well I guess we're both going to have to live with this disappointment. 




 Jeez ya'll a bunch of bitches, who cares what the lingo is. The bike is pretty damn cool. 




 I've been wrong my entire life. 









 I'm not gonna lie I'm rooting for slaine.   




 Bryan cranston- the things they carried.  I had chills the entire time. 




 "Let justice be done, through the heavens fall".  Everything about that show is badass. 




 I like that.   




 She ages like wine. 




 "Don't believe in yourself! Believe in the me, that believes in you!" - TTGL 




 Ya I started watching jo jo's buzzar adventure instead. 




 I don't know but OP's mom sure had one. 




 Casey Anthony: babysitter. 




 Third shift Amber ale. 




 Thanks. 




 So go poop. 




 Well, you got 1 upvote from me. 




 Everybody poops. 




 Is it funny? Exciting? Dark? Surreal? Gotta give me more. 




 Looking for a new anime, anyone want to give me their opinion? 




 They shouldn't let Jay Leno wear that much make-up. 




 That's a girl? 




 I'm terribly sorry for your loss.  I can only imagine what you may be feeling right now. 




 The pipe is a Bassani Covington Hot rod. 




 Bassani Covington Hot rod 









 I loved the light novels.  I must have finished them in like less than 3 weeks.  Does anyone know when volume 15 will be out? 
























 I remember hearing this story from Stephen hawking.  

There was some scientist who were working on the world's first super computer.  When it was finished they asked it "is there a God?".  Right after the man asked his question there was
 a bolt of lightning that came down and fried the switch to turn it off.  Then the computer responded "there is now."

I don't know why but that story always stuck with me. 




 It's not that I don't like them I just think it's played out.  Mecha anime has been around for awhile, just gets stale.  Knights of Sidonia was good though. 




 If I were one of the SAO survivors I wouldn't have been a front line player.  I would have created a small guild and just hunted monsters the entire time.  I'd leave saving the world to that mary sue Kirito. 




 Meth.   




 I'll just wait for the official release, thank you for trying though! 




 Thank you! 









 I'm sick and I've been miserable all day but that put a smile on my face.   




 Ya those two desurve some good lovin. 




 We should throw something Klein's way.  He's been looking for that special someone. 




 Yaaa it was just okay. 




 Ooooooooo I like that blade. 




 If it's announced tomorrow keep my five dollars and put it towards your copy. 




 Why don't democrats just call it what it is "the only reason you are up here is because you're being paid to lie". 









 I really like this.  Hope to see more soon! 




 I've been watching world trigger sense the beginning.  At first I liked it then I didn't like it, now it's starting to pick up again. 




 I still really like SAO.  I've read all the light novels and I do not regret a single hour spent doing so. 




 Alphonse.  After awhile that armor would get kind of annoying, and the whole not having a body thing. 




 Nahh he's just a good guy looking for some love. 




 And on top of that couldn't even give a reason why he did it. 




 Thanks! Will do. 




 Angel beats

Come at me. 




 Kamina.   




 Then absolutely check it out.  Even if you've seen the movie, it's such a great horror story. 




 The shinning.  Don't make the same mistake I did and read it during a snow storm. 




 Best ending to any videogame ever! 




 I didn't sleep last night, I just finished.  Wow, all I gotta say. 




 r/theydidthemath.  If you've never heard of this subreddit before...they're gonna love you. 




 It's not on my netflix yet. 




 I couldn't even finish reading that I was laughing so hard. 




 I thought Death Gun's mask in SAO2 was pretty badass. 




 Fuck 'em.  Take them to the cleaners. 




 That never occurred to me, Thank you. 




 You are a fan of soul crushing cuteness. 




 How do kirito and lisabeth survive that freefall at the end of episode 7 in sword art online? 




 Do the Republicans have enough votes to override it? 




 TTGL, FMA:B, The devil is a part timer. 




 That's why we left one spoked and one solid.  Couldn't decide which one we liked more so we're gonna keep it like that for a while and decide later. 




 Bassani covington hot rod pipes.   
























 Kill the dog and the owner, bury them in the woods. 




 "The amazing thing about the national budget process is that no one knows how it works." 




 First opening to FMA:B 




 Well without butters there wouldn't be a southpark.  It's all just a figment of his imagination. 




 Ya seriously they need someone like her.  Someone who doesn't care about the party line. Someone who just cares about the people. 




 Mac miller.  Douche bag passed out on stage.  Everyone in was there with went "OMG he went so hard he passed out".  I'm like "bullshit, guy is a bitch." 




 And that should tell you all you need to know about Jeb bush. 




 Whaddup my knitta! 




 Hey man I would totally be down for a viewing party.  Record the first couple episode then over the next couple weeks get the word so more people show. 




 1. TTGL
2. SAO
3. Fullmetal alchemist brotherhood.
4. Attack on titan 
5. Samurai Champloo 




 Ha sorry guys I didn't think anyone would ask.  From the top down: boker kwaiken, leatherman crater, buck nobleman, spyderco tenacious, Mtech stiletto and i don't know what the last one is.   




 Boker kwaiken. 




 Buck Nobleman 









 You saved their lives.  Keep up the good work! 




 First ark was perfect, they kinda dropped the ball on the second ark.  Good show, could have been great. 




 I think he used that knife because of how simplistic the handle was. There isn't a lot of nooks and crannies for blood to sit and dry and it looks really easy to clean.  Perfect for a serial killer with morals. 




 I always loved the spyro games.  Would be pretty cool to see a reboot of that. 




 Somebody told me that you're already married and confined to a wheelchair. 




 I love this.  I'm gonna steal this, this is mine now.   




 I just love the simplicity of the styling.  




 I just bought a kwaiken, I literally cannot wait until it gets here. 




 Looks like a tactical-fillet knife. 




 I would have to say the boker kwaiken.  




 I'm the maverick. 




 I think living in The Last Airbender universe would be pretty great.  A beautiful world with deep, fleshed out characters and being able to bend the elements.   




 Exactly!  He'd never suspect a thing! 




 Jump his ass, steal his weed and just to add insult to Injury give him a nice kiss on the cheek. 




 This is a great solution to a problem that shouldn't even have existed. 




 What you said makes alot more sense. 




 The souls in the underworld aren't copies of people walking outside.  It's an incredibly sophisticated machine that replicates human emotion though quantum computing.  I think they called it the world's first top-down AI or something like that. 




 Forget it, kinda drunk. 




 Ha! That was good. 




 Stick....stick your dick in it. 




 Why was he in the movie to begin with? 




 Procrastination.  I really need to put those college applications in. 




 Projectfreetv.com 




 I'm stupid, it has to be within the universe.  I would choose bran. 




 Mcgyver.  It would be interesting to say the least. 




 I thought corners are a man made invention.  I didn't think they existed naturally. 
























 You're right.  Very tramatic moment. 




 I remember reading about that. When that scene happened I was immediately remembering that article.  It's absolutely horrifying that people would pass the buck onto another person like that but I expect that's only natural.  They even said it in the show "no one exacted to watch someone die before their eyes." 




 That scene in psycho pass where the man is beating that woman with a hammer.  The sound got me the most. 




 To be honest I didn't think people hated her.  Maybe mock/parody her image but it's all in good spirit. 




 I felt the same way man.  Won the war, lost his girl and fuckin rossio is in charge.  I loved the show, wasn't a fan of the ending. 




 Damn dude.  Aight well if that changes I'll be at the library around 930-10am. 




 Would anyone like to meet up for a ride?  We can meet at the library? 




 I just got one of those acouple weeks ago.  I'm in love. 




 Shock of the lightning is a great song. 




 It would be cool if they included other tricks for different attacks.   




 I think a prequel to "the devil is a part-timer"  would be pretty cool.   




 Or a green lightsaber. 




 Ohhh ya wasn't R4-D4 or something like that? I remember the scene but ya a small homage would be pretty cool. 









 Yea, it's called a spank bank. 




 The orange box.  It might be my 50th play though, never gets old. 




 Ya sure,  I'm not doing anything better with my time. 




 Hey I'm jealous of you man.  If I can go back in time to my first motorcycle ride I would in a heart beat.  Good luck out there,  it only gets better and better. 




 This was a great show, I was passed that it didn't get a second season. 









 Better to ask for forgiveness than permission.  You should listen to your parents though,  they love you and just don't want you to kill yourself. 




 I did that for about a year it's risky. 




 They hate us cause they ain't us! 




 I work at my mother's sign shop.  I take calls and go out on jobs.  But a lot of my job is just keeping our workspace clean and organized. 




 Boker kwaiken flipper.  VG-10 steel, looks amazing, sweet and smooth flipping motion. 




 You just wanted to keep your harem...I think he would have understood. 




 My curse, end of a heartache, always are all pretty good songs. 




 You should add some killswitch engaged.   




 Wasn't this show on netflix? Is it still airing on there? 




 Get all your paper work together.  Get the money together.  Check out the bike, take it for a test ride, check the oil, check the body work and if you like it give him the money and leave. 




 God dammit...just take my upvote. 




 A single banana. 




 Nice bike man.  Is this your first? 




 I'm you're near chicago I'll sell you my cb900c.  $1700. 




 Ya life sometimes seems pretty stale. 




 I'm suprised no one has mentioned fullmetal alchemist: brotherhood.  What I loved the most about that show is how they give you such a great insight into past tragedies and then you realize that EVERYTHING connects back to the Elric brothers.  I just think that show was beautifully written. 




 Young Frankenstein.  I love that movie. 




 I really liked this movie.  I would have really wanted to see a sequel. 




 I love this! 




 Besides the dorky hand movements...this isn't a bad song. 
























 Good stay away from it.  It's the first step down a mountain of shit. 




 Did she throw bottles at you? 




 I finished champloo for the first time the other day.  Just wow. 




 I have a boker kwaiken as well.  I love that knife. 




 Idk man have you gotten the Griffen armor yet? It looks pretty damn cool to me. 




 Alright this might be a stupid question but for the general election coming up is it possible to have 2 democrats being nominated  instead of 1 Democrat and 1 republican? 




 That man was probably tortured. 




 That's when you just drop a large GO FUCK YOURSELF and smash all the glassware on the floor. 




 Can someone put up a link? 




 Welcome brother! That's a good looking bike you got there. 




 I don't think that works. 




 Courts marshal. 




 Did you beat his face in? 




 I'm watching the show for the first time.  Holy shit, that fight was intense. 




 I was riding home from work with a guy who has one of those.  They just look so bad ass riding by.   




 Idk if there is but there should be. 




 These guys and senses fail were the shit back in the day. 




 I'm like 22 episodes in right now.  That guys creeps me the hell out. 




 I like the song "heroes of our time". 




 S5. 




 I connected my phone to my ps4 so all I have to do is play Spotify through my phone and it comes out on the speakers on my tv. 




 What music are you guys listening to while playing?  I like classical music. 




 Good for you! 




 Pop a wheely, drop his ass on the pavement and drive off. 




 I usually have that problem before work.  Then I just put on my hat, walk on in. 




 I have an fz6 and I love it. 




 I named my first bike, I had a 1982 cb900c I called Matilda. I haven't named my second one yet. 




 Ready player one! By no means is it an original story but it makes up for that with heart. 




 This is my second bike and I'm in love with it as well.  Well good luck to ya man, sending some good vibes your way.  Have fun out there! 




 Hey no way I just bought a 2004 fz6 acouple weeks ago.  How do you like yours? 




 My father taught me how to ride when I was 11.  First thing I did was run straight into a mailbox. 




 I think it looks great stock. 




 Algebraic! 




 Algebraic! 




 I would have done nothing. Absolutely nothing. 




 "Did we just become bestfriends?!"
"Yep!" 




 I'm awfully sorry man.  I hope he pulls through! 




 When I watched the show again for the second time I did skip it.   




 It's in the middle of the season.  A man in a special helmet kills a woman in front of about a hundred people.  No one does anything to stop him. 




 "If you do something interesting, I'll stab you."  Uhhh okay. 
























