 Giraffes - 

I've never seen a giraffe, I never want to see a giraffe. They just terrify me. They're colossal, their neck weighs the same as a small car, they have the ability to kill a pride of lions, they also have a 20inch tongue.  









 Old people. They have more memories, more jokes, and more life lessons.  




 'He's 24 months' 

Your child is 2.  




 'You study law? You'll be useful to keep around' 

Oh my god! So original! Never heard that in my two years of study!  




 Getting food in different clothing  




 'MURICA 




 My brother is 18 years younger than me. When he was 6 he asked me why, when he was cuddling his teddy, did his 'willy not stay floppy'.  




 A lot of Runescape. 'Going Wildy' 




 In sex scenes when they 'finish' and they get up and carry like there's no semen trickling down the woman's leg.  
























 Jersey Shore. 

Actually, any of the 'Shore' related genre.  




 I was expecting a 8 minute long compilation video. Disappointment turned into joy once the ambient music set it.  




 Rekt 




 Piblings: gender neutral term to describe one's Uncle and Aunt. Your parent's siblings

'I spent the weekend at my Pibling's' 




 Definitely.  




 Can you elaborate? 




 /r/geocaching. 

It's free, fun, gets you outside and there's 2000000 to collect.  




 Getting lost in a foreign country, at night, when you can't speak the language, and have no money. 

EDIT: A story my friend told me was when she was in Mallorca she got so lost and drunk that she was nearly 5 miles from her hotel. Ended up having to sell her sunglasses to afford a taxi back.  




 I visited Marrakech in the summer (amazing place) and I heard somewhere that the people begging for food will hoard it. 

There is, I accept, a large amount of poverty in Marrakech but I hear that even families who aren't living in poverty will beg for food. Apparently it's some kind of trophy or achievement. Pizza must be high on their list.   




 Reddit.  
























 What happens if you start up a drone IN a no fly zone?
 




 Telling someone they're sat in your reserved seat.  









 My friend had to explain to his teacher that his dog actually DID eat his homework. He even brought a note from home. 

It read: 'Last Thursday night as Sam was sitting down to start his art home work, he found that our dog had someone gained access to his school bag and obliterated most of his work.

Signed X' 




 Is the fly the pope? 




 Does the bear finger the Pope's shitty ass before he cums in the woods?  




 Kevin at our school lived on a farm. On his last day he arrived in a 4x4 with 3 live pigs in the back. One had the number '1' painted on the back the other two pigs had '2' and '4' on theirs. 

He let them loose around school. There was much confusion as to where the 3rd pig was.  




 Oh stop it you 




 That is some tremendous initiative from a 14 year old.  




 Not something I have to deal with but TEACHERS please check the videos audio is on and that it is going to play. 

Oh and for the sake of our sanity make it full screen. 


AND MOVE THE MOUSE OFF THE SCREEN.  





























 Melon makes your semen taste nice.  




 Dressing up!  




 r/writingprompts 




 Surveys. Loads and loads of surveys. 




 Whenever we go for drinks I always set my drink down in front of her and keep hers. 

It's hilarious every time.  




 Geocaching! 

I'm literally addicted to going outside and ferreting around like a 7 year old doing a treasure hunt.  




 Birth control.  




 "Aargh! This makes me want to kill myself!"

No it does not.  





























 GC1QDBW 














 How are they so satisfying?! I'm mesmerised.  




 I thought they were protecting one another from each other by handing in the guns inside the walls.  




 I had never seen a stair lift in action, I am unbelievably satisfied.  




 Ah yes I guess. I presumed they'd just taken the knives from the kitchen in their houses. 

Seems ironic they made them give up their guns when a large majority of their kills are from knives or other random objects.  




 Can someone please tell me, why didn't Daryl have to turn in his crossbow? 




 Did you speak to her after that?  







































 Any luck?  














 Lawyer.  




 When do they lose the second head?  




 Fascinating.  The only ones I've ever been to have been easily accessible, this has been the most challenging one. I'm going to London next weekend; do you have the GC.  




 Yup, White Edge. Beautiful area.  




 This one is actually on White Edge. You do have a great view of Stanage from it though.  
























 Thought the kid at the beginning was Walter Jr.   




 /u/JustinMagill *JamesMcGill* 














 It is much funnier posted in this order.  




 I too wish more people could see this 
 









 *tossing* 




 Sound. I've got uni till 3 GMT but can play after that. Do you have Skype? Cause I don't have a mic.  




 Add themavia. I've done fleeca job but will help you if you can give us a hand with the rest of them?  
























  The Family? 




 Thanks for this response I think I will apply in 3rd year for training contracts with my LPC funded. I had gotten so caught up in thinking about what I would do when I finished 3rd year that I had forgotten that I'd receive help applying etc in my third year.  




 Thanks this has been a great insight! 




 Thanks, did you get your LPC funded by a training contract? Is it common for it to be funded by the training contract?  




 Touching the void?  




 It's a lovely idea but I'm already sorted housing wise for next year and it sadly isn't practical for me to just hop countries for a year. 

Thanks for your reply though.  




 I'm currently a second year law student plodding my way through my degree. 

I know that I want to do my Law Practicing Course (LPC) once I finish my three years and then move onto a training contract. But, I also want a year out to live in News Zealand. 

Would I be best having a year out and then do my LPC which would hopefully be funded through a training contract? Or would I be best doing my LPC straight away after these 3 years and then have a year out and then go onto a training contract? The downside to the latter is that I would have to fund the 10,000 LPC myself. 

How common is it that training contracts fund LPCs? 

Any help/comments/sharing of own experiences would be great. 


(Also posting to /r/needadvice (can anyone recommend a better subreddit)) 




 I'm currently a second year law student plodding my way through my degree. 

I know that I want to do my Law Practicing Course (LPC) once I finish my three years and then move onto a training contract. But, I also want a year out to live in News Zealand. 

Would I be best having a year out and then do my LPC which would hopefully be funded through a training contract? Or would I be best doing my LPC straight away after these 3 years and then have a year out and then go onto a training contract? The downside to the latter is that I would have to fund the 10,000 LPC myself. 

How common is it that training contracts fund LPCs? 

Any help/comments/sharing of own experiences would be great. 


(Also posting to /r/uklaw (can anyone recommend a better subreddit)) 




 Oceans Eleven?  





























