 Frank Zappa.  
He should be in every music list, because genius.  
(I'll show myself out :-D ) 




 HAH! That is so much epic... My bedside alarm only has a cradle for an iPhone.  
 /me kicks my alarm clock  
I think I have found a new item to start prowling ebay for :-) 




 Agreed.. This.. So much this!
I learned about Gong fu style 'brewing' during my first business trip to China. Never would have otherwise found out that the second, and third infusions on most good teas are actually sweeter (and in my opinion superior) to the first infusion. If the idea of navigating around tea leaves while sipping doesnt appeal to you, a Gaiwan is a good choice as a brewing vessel for ease of use, and cleaning, and you can pour the tea off the leaves for each infusion. My favorite tea for Gong Fu service, is a good grade Long Jing tea (Dragonwell).. It really changes from infusion to infusion. Always enjoyable. 




 Wow.. I'm in the Napa Valley, and our local seller of any quality (Drink The Leaf) shut his doors last year.. I have a lb of vacuum packed Tung Ting, and Bi Lo Chun.. Really need to pick up a tray tho. Might have to roadtrip down to Richmond! 




 I have a couple 450nM blues I built a couple years ago. The highest power one is about 2,700mW. It will burn skin within a second, up to about 5 meters away. But, the dot is so bright,  it's painful to look at without attenuating  safety glasses. Not to mention that an inadvertent reflected beam strike to your eyes will deliver permanent damage before your blink reflex kicks in... be safe, take care of your eyes.. that said, I can 'feel' a 450nM laser on my skin (less than an inch away) @ about 65mW, but it takes a few seconds. A couple hundred mW will hurt within a second or so.. a couple thousand mW  will scar your skin from close range. 

You can touch a 7W night - light bulb after its been on for a while.. it's warm, but not uncomfortable to handle. A 25W  bulb is kinda hot to touch, but not bad. A 200W bulb will burn you, if you try to grab it. Same basic idea with laser powers.. 




 ...Yarn 




 I've seen a sign like this in a park in the Napa Valley, CA (Skyline Park)

I'm still scratching my head :-) 




 Those that can extrapolate from an incomplete statement,  




 Dude, I totally have that same fly swatter!  :-D

Excellent costume, very well executed, and a great story to boot. No half-measures taken!  Have a fun (and safe) Halloween.  




 Heh, Mine too.. Had it about 1.5 years. The Boil and 190F are completely rubbed off.. No issues with failures tho, and I use mine daily. Pricey for a boil kettle, but really nice to use. 




 A 6 ft long piece of rope walks into the bar, and sits down.. The bartender says "We don't serve ropes in here.."

Annoyed, the rope takes off, quietly complaining under his breath.

After a week, the rope tries to get into the same bar (hoping a different bartender will be on duty).. The rope sits down, and the bartender says (yet again) "Hey, I told you, we don't serve ropes in here.. Get out!"

Now,. the rope is really ticked off. He leaves, but is so angry as he stews over the bars no-rope policy, he begins to twist himself into coils and tangles. Needless to say, his 'hair' gets mussed up, and disheveled, and he's worked himself into a ball of twists, and coils.

He decides to give the bar one more try, now that he's a little more "incognito"

...The rope sits down at the bar, and the bartender turns to him and says "Hey.. Aren't you a rope?"

The rope replies: " No, I'm a frayed knot.." 
























 Just "finished" with HTO.. Heading in on Sat, Jan 31 to take my Tech, and Gen. tests.  
Very confident I'll be able to pass both with flying colors.  
  
Very happy with the service they offer, and have a *ton* of links bookmarked for future reference that I got during my study there.  
Another very satisfied customer.. 

  
When I start my study for Extra, I'll be back at HTO. Very good stuff there. 




 Wow, that looks like its seen some service, LOL..

According to the specs, it looks perfectly usable for a HT. And its right in the butter zone for 2M use. 

(downvote obliterating upvote from me :)  )

 




 or is it just me? 




 ..Because she's dead. 




 Wouldn't 3/14/15 9:26:53 be more appropriate? 




 I've spent time in both Dubai, and Trondheim, and I'll second that Trondheim is a very expensive city. A pint of Dahls Lager (you can see the brewery up on the hill from downtown Trondheim) runs $11-$14USD at the cheapest bars. The Taxi ride from the Airport to anywhere in the city was $135USD (~25KM travel, IIRC)

If you ever get out that way, check out La Familien.. Its a club downtown.. Got a great DJ :) 




 I've been shooting, and reloading for many years now. Unfortunately, my parents are not gun people.. In fact, for quite a while, they were anti-gunners.  For whatever reason, I really hooked into shooting. I have hunted, but my primary pursuit is the elusive tight group on a paper target. Its like golf, or trap shooting to me.. No matter how good you get, you can always do better. My "break in" info comes from the 80 year old goofball that took me under his belt, and walked me through reloading, shooting, and my appreciation of hoarding brass. Yes, I can clean a gun, with emphasis on long guns.. This 80YO goofball is my mentor, and he firmly believes that breaking in a barrel is important. This is what I had to go off of. I now understand that its not important. This .17 shot badass groups at 100 yds out of the box (I did clean it before shooting it, just to get the packing grease out of the barrel)  
.  
I'm a noob.. even tho I've been doing this for 20+ years. I'm only as good as the info I can get, hence; asking /r/guns if I'm talking out my ass when I ask if barrel break-in is something I should do.  
thank you all for your input..  

And, FWIW, My .223 shoots less than .7" at 100 Yds everyday. (40Gr Horn. V-max, with 23gr reloader 15)... :-)  




 Base model Savage 93R17.. Waiting on a Boyds custom stock (Varmint Thumbhole "Pepper" color) Tossed a cheapo BSA Sweet .17 scope on it.. Actually it dialed right in.  ~1.5" 5 shot groups at 100 yds. Not bad for a sub $300 rifle. 




 Cool. 

Thanks all for the info... I'm off to go sight this puppy in! 




 So, am I worried about doing the whole fire one, then clean, repeat 10X, then fire 3 then clean, etc.. - With such a small caliber, is there any benefit to doing this? With my .223, I even loaded up special "lapping bullets" with a light charge of reloader 15. (they were impregnated with varying coarseness of grit) Alas, this isnt an option for the .17  
Any input would be greatly appreciated. :-) 




 Leaded glass, and leaded stained glass refers to the lead H channel between the glass pieces that were lead soldered together to hold the work together. Lead boils off way before the melting point of glass, so the glass part of leaded glass does not, in fact, contain lead.  
Just a FYI :-)  
























 What happens when he gets to 88 miles per hour? 




 I thought everything on the internet had to be true? 




 Congrats!

I'm going to start studying for my extra shortly 

I hate the wait for the ticket to show up on the FCC ULS, Heh.. :-) 




 Heh, I heard someone on a net the other night with the suffix "HIV"  I would get a vanity in a heartbeat if I had something like that.   
  
  
What callsign did you get? 




 I guess our VEs mail the paperwork in? He said its usually 1 week. *shrug* 




 Just got home from taking my exam(s).. Passed Tech, and General today (only missed 1 question on each! )  
  
Now comes the longest wait.. Waiting for my ticket to show up on the FCC ULS, Heh..  




 So you're saying, there's a universe that I invented pants? 




 The LCD on that Anytone looks really similar to the Yaseu FT-8800R 




 But you remembered your smartphone / tablet / laptop?  
  
PRIORITIES MAN! In this galaxy, you should know where your towel is AT ALL TIMES!! ;-)  
  
 




 Think of how obscured your vision gets when you cross your eyes. Thats only a few degrees "out of whack" if the orb of the eye was removed (but remain attached) your brain would have a very difficult time indeed, making sense of the information coming from both eyes.  
Given enough time, (and keeping a constant angle between the eyes) your brain would eventually "figure out" how to put the disparate information together to re-form a whole binocular picture. People with extremely "Lazy" eyes typically have mostly normal vision, but need a couple weeks to "relearn" to see after corrective surgery.  




 I dont know about the tone sweeps, or echoing "sonar style" tones (Sounds like star trek original series SFX, actually) the pulsing static noise sounds a lot like interference from a cellphone reaching out to a tower.  

  
When you recorded this, were you charging a cellphone? Perhaps somewhere close to a cell dead zone? 
























 Heh..  
Still waiting for my ticket. 2 weeks now, but, eh.. It takes what it takes.  
I'm just a little worried tho, as I tested on Jan 31, and as of Feb 9, I received one of the VEs renewal paper license in the mail. (?!?) I contacted him, and mailed the paper off to him, but now i'm a little bit worried my stuff got lost somewhere..  
..   




 A commonly used device (Electrocautery)  
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cauterization  
Is used by surgeons to excise tissue, and simultaneously cauterize the minor vessels feeding blood.  
It works by literally passing a high frequency, high voltage (of little amperage) causing an almost jacobs-ladder type arc.  
  
  
This can be a huge ignition source if any flammable gases or materials are present in the area.  
Weird, but true.    




 Theres also http://lcwo.net/ ("Learn CW Online" Koch method) to learn at..  
I just passed my Tech, and General last weekend (Still waiting to see it on the FCC ULS... F5, F5, F5, F5... Heh) But I'm super interested in learning code.  
FWIW, I would suggest going ahead, and testing for your ticket. Being able to transmit, and interact with fellow hams may keep your interest in learning code, and if not, well, you can still chat with people.. Win-win! 




 Well said sir.  
Treat them as QRM, and don't feed the trolls. 




 LOL.. Indeed.. I continuously learn tidbits in the comments.   
Oh, and i'm a sir..  
Well, either that or I had some kind of unfortunate accident involving my vagina, and internal explosives that I do not recall.  
 




 Uh, probably not.. We pretty much eat crap (at least in the international eye) as a business traveler, i regularly visit China, India, and Brazil.  

In India, roughly 50% of the population is vegetarian.. (Awesome, filling, satisfying meals made out of hung yogurt, or a ton of other curds can be found)  
  
  
China? Meat is pricy.. Theres a *ton* of (believe it or not) potato dishes, but also eggs, chicken, and mushrooms.  ("umami" proteins) that shade into making a meager meal feel satisfying. (they're masters at this)  




 ITO.. (Indium Tin Oxide)  
  
Transparent conductor..  

...Makes things like this possible..     

..The more you know!! :-) 




 Its amazing to me, how the latex of the balloon still slides away so quickly, even given the liquid water environment.   
.  
.  
Always loved high-speed balloon pops. Did it one year while I had my photography studio. During a local "art" crawl thing, I gave away 8X10s of anyone willing to pop a balloon in front of the camera. The shutter/strobe trigger was a fairly simple device I built, that used a piezoelectric 'speaker' as the sound input device.  Timing was established by figuring out how far away I had to place the sensor, heh.  




 Erm.. We are "Soldiers" 

Well, a well regulated militia. 

2nd amendment, and all..  




 My parrots are from Brazil originally. (Sun Conures) 

I wonder if they'd do better learning English, or Brazilian Portuguese?  




 Bereft of life, it rests in peace. 
























 Wow..

Amazing how fast it can move when everyone has the correct info, LOL..

Just showed up in the FCC ULS!!

KK6SFZ

Napa, California. 




 I think "Twelfth" might give it a run for the money :-) 




 "reddit" 




 I'll take a couple, just in case I lose one :-D 




 No. I keep looking, but still no love in the FCC ULS database. Thats why i'm a little concerned that the ball might have gotten dropped somewhere.  I know I'm anxious to get on the air, but I'm also aware that sometimes these things just take time, so I don't want to raise too much of a fuss.  Oh well. 




 Actually, I did email the VE last week.. His response to me was "I have no idea whats going on, let me know when it shows up" ? I don't want to talk bad about the guy, I know they're all volunteers and giving up their own time to help promote the amateur radio hobby, but I was hoping for a little more help than that from him.  I'm wondering if I should contact the ARRL VEC via email directly? (vec@arrl) The club I tested at is an ARRL affiliate.  




 Im unsure where to go next, or if I should do anything at all at this point, but I guess I have a weird story.  
I passed Tech, and General with an ARRL affiliated club (Valley of the moon ARC) on Jan 31. About the 4th of Feb, I got the testing leads (long established) license in the mail at *my* house? (K6UUW) So, I dropped that in the mail back to the guy, and haven't heard or seen hide nor hair about my ticket.  I know these things can take time, but we're going on a month now.. *shrug* 









 Heh.. Moding is thankless, inconvenient, and a time sink.  

...Been doing it at another (medium sized) site for 5 or so years now.  
I applied, but dont know if I'd actually want to do it.. (Just a competitive sucker, I guess) :-) 




 Same here. And on the backside, the areas of the US that correspond to the number designation (I picked it up where I tested for my licenses, its printed by the ARRL) 




 Oooh, since we're dreaming out loud, how about a Morse SOS blink pattern select-able for the light :-D 
























 Oh man, awesome video, thank you for sharing!  
  
  The visual aid aspect of his wave machine really makes a (kind of) obscure concept very easy to see, understand, and visualize.  

  

  Amazing how applicable it is as a teaching tool all these years later.  

  

  I'm going to forward this video to my boss, hes a rather avid HF / MF listener (grundig radios, big loop antennas, etc) but doesnt fundamentally understand the physics behind RF propagation /  resonance / etc. I think if he watches this vid, it will teach (even him, LOL) a bit more about the physics / magic behind being able to pull in RF signals from thousands of miles away..   
  
  Thank you again, infinite upvotes from me :-) 




 This KX3 auction.  
  
  ..I has it. 




 Just because of the connections at the top, and jutting out the side, I want to say it looks like it might be an unreasonably huge triode, but I can not find anything on google (shrug)  

  

Cool piece tho, I'd hang onto it.. Thanks for posting! 




 I fly my parrots with random-wire attached to them.   
  
  If I feed them a little coffee, I can work 1/2wave 160m for 10 or 15 minutes! 




 Heh.. Yeah, I remember the first time I saw that..  It blew my mind a bit. 
  
  (Names Jason here, born in July, heh) 




 ...Of previous commutes into work. 




 No, the 8800 only does VHF / UHF (as does the 7900, sorry for the confusion.. My bad) I'm not too up on the 7900s specs. Sorry I cant help you more. Maybe someone can chime in with some better info? 




 For some reason, I had 2 different FRNs associated with my SSN. the ARRL VEC didnt know what to do with that. Unfortunately, no-one got back to me to let me know there was a problem. I had to track down the lead VE, and ask him what was going on.  Oh well.. Glad its taken care of now :-) 




 I'm still new to the radios, so hopefully someone can chine in and correct me where I'm wrong, but the FT-8900 (as I understand) is essentially an 8800, but with more bands. I'm only working VHF/UHF currently, and learning more before I plonk down the cash to dive into HF. The 8800 has glowing reviews (so does the 8900) and the cross-band repeat was important to me (I believe the 8900 does that as well)
 




 I actually did pass my General on the same day as my Tech, so I called the ARRL back today, and they see the mistake. He said they'd be submitting my general creds to the FCC today.

As far as radios, I have the ubiquitous chinese HT, but I also picked up a Yaesu FT-8800. 

Going to be building a 2m cubic quad for the house this weekend! :)  




 I *finally* got everything squared away with the ARRL, and FCC.    
Call sign just showed up.  -KK6SFZ    
Cant wait to get on the air tonight.   
























 Human Centipede 




 I was the Vice president of our RC club (NVRCC) for a year.. Hated the job.. Actively told other club members that I dont want / would suck at the job back when the nominations came up.. (This was 2003) I'm horrible with politics. I speak my mind.. I are who I are.   
  
  I can see that with the OTs, they is, who they is. Its alright to me. I just hope I don't become one of them.. 

36YO here.. :-)
 




 I can see that side of the argument. (Yeah, I'm not a huge fan of uncle sam having yet more authority over private matters) However, being both a landlord, and a homeowner of a house in a HOA, I think (if nothing else) awareness needs to be brought to this. If it requires a law to be enacted to do so, then so be it. In my short tenure as an amateur radio operator, i've come to understand just how important of a civil service hams are in the event of a disaster. Living in the bay area CA, we all know all too well that we get shakers all the time, and every time I experience one, the cell towers are jammed, landlines typically wont work, and power can be out for up to a few days. In the case of an apartment, or condo complex, having an amateur radio operator with usable antennae would be of a *huge* benefit to the locals.  
  
  I think its a good thing for someone to point out these facts to the HOAs so they can make an *educated* decision on allowing (or not) an antenna to be erected. Hearing this argument from the guy who wants to set up the antenna will generally fall on deaf ears, no matter how well reasoned the argument. If the federal government can step in to raise this awareness, then all the better IMO. 




 I think 4chan and 14.313 are a match made in.. well.. somewhere? :-D 




 My reddit-fu is not strong :-D  
  
  Thank you a ton!  




 PM Sent! 




 I give you Lactarius Indigo.  The Blue milk mushroom.  
  
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lactarius_indigo 




 This has been posted here before, but heres a (stunningly) visual example of RF "burning" stuff (in my opinion).. Its a vid of a couple Russian kids burning grass on the base of a local stations radio tower.  
  
  You'd think, "Its radio frequencies, how can it hurt me?" But, even whats going on inside your microwave is all RF "burning" asymmetric molecules.  
  
  
  Check the video out. (Yeah, RF, especially at any power, needs to be respected.. It will bite.. ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Scm-tKTHls  
  
  ..Mendnwngs 




 Well, kinda.. But, within the context of your original post, a pair of baofeng handhelds on a simplex freq won't get out all *that* far. Maybe 10-20 miles. Likely, you won't find any activity other than the other person (who also must be a licensed ham). Regardless, you can identify the other party by your callsigns.  
  
  You can limit whom you receive, and who can receive you by using "tones" (For instance CTCSS). This is a set of sub-audible tones that get transmitted along with your voice. If you set up your radio to only listen to a signal with a CTCSS of 100.7, then only someone who has set up their radio to transmit with a CTCSS of 100.7 will "get through" (open the squelch) of your radio. Anyone in the area transmitting on the same frequency with a different CTCSS tone will not be heard by your radio.  
  
  It sounds complicated (maybe) but its really not, and you will learn about it while studying for your ham license exam. If you have any technical know-how, or background, I think you'll find the info needed to pass your Technician is really easy, and pretty trivial. 

Edit 1) Clarification.. 




 Do!  
  
  Its a fun, and rewarding obsession.. er.. I mean, Hobby.. Plus, with your license, you can use your baofeng on any of the simplex frequencies, at the full output power of your handheld without breaking any laws!! *YAY* :-)  
  
  You may find that the 5W output on 2m simplex gets you much further distance between radios as "walkie-talkies" than the other (quite limited) MURS, FRS, GMRS radios, so theres that as well.  
  
  Looking forward to hearing you on the amateur bands once you get your ticket!  
  
  -73!! 




 Greetings /u/nvertedflyer!  
  
  Firstly, (and most importantly) a warm welcome home to your daughter. The hospital is no fun. The train_subject7402 family sends warmest wishes for a speedy recovery, and no more pain. :-( As a chronic sufferer of pain myself (lower back..Ugh) I know all too well the suck of hospital time, and dealing with pain issues.  
  
  Secondly, I dont know how to 'prove' it, heh, but I've been helping a visually impaired friend get on the air with his kenwood radio, and JAWS software. I used to set-up assistive technology for the visually impaired many moons ago, Back when Dragon (not Naturally speaking, not even dragon dictate, but just plain ol' Dragon) and Vocal-eyes were the leading edge software for voice readback, and voice control. (downright brutal compared to todays technology). We're playing with his Kenwood TS-2000, and Kenwood ARCP-2000 software.  
  
  My cousin (a silent key now, KD6WXE) was blind, and used Vocal-eyes. I'm kind of channeling that history to help my friend currently.  
  
  Thank you for running this ham-it-forward 'esque contest. I'll follow this thread with great interest. And good luck to all who are entering. No matter who takes the prize, the simple encouragement to help out fellow hams makes for a lot of wins. :-)  
  
  
  73! 
























 I frequent 2M / 70cm. I have a few VHF/UHF repeaters in my area, including one thats linked to the WINSYSTEM. That is linked via repeaters,  IRLP, and all-star (i think allstar, but I could be wrong) to stations around the globe.. The friday night insomniac net usually has ~140 check-ins every week.  
  
  Also, I travel for work a lot, so I'm in Sheboygan right now, and got on the local clubs 2M repeater, and even joined in on a couple 'nets!  
  
  That said, I'll agree with the others.. Hold on to your HF rig, and pick up a cheapo Baofeng. Add a $10 Nagoya 701, or 771 whip antenna, and you'll be pretty surprised how far $50 can go :)  




 I'll bet it makes a curiously strong signal.  
  
  ...Ill show myself out.. :-D
 




 Very cool article. Thanks for sharing! Its such an iconic tone, and I've always been kinda curious as to how it was done. Had no idea it was all computer generated audio!  
  
  ...TIL! :-) 




 I had a hard time figuring out ramps *inside* the pool. What I settled on (and its hard to see in the picture) is the water is filled up to overflowing, so if the d'lings swim up to the edge, they can just stand on the rim, then flop out. :-) I don't think they have the ramp thing all figured out yet, lol.  




 Funnily enough, I think the d'lings are getting pretty used to me working around in the backyard, so.. perhaps? Regardless, I think its cool for however long it lasts. Maybe, if they hang long enough, they might 'imprint' well enough so as I may get visitors to my backyard every year?  Mama, however greets me with fear, and suspect. Wonder if a human screwed with her at some point?  

  
  Fun to watch the littl'uns tho. They are *not* graceful on terra firma LOL.  




 LOL.. We're bird people, so unfortunately cats are out of the picture for us. (Currently owned by 2X Sun Conures, and 2X Cockatiels) My username says it all.. (worked as a vet-tech for an avian specialist for a few years, absolutely loved it)  




 [13 ducks and counting..](http://i.imgur.com/vLDkVD2.jpg)  
  
  

Theres another pic, taken the day they "moved in"  
  
  FWIW, the back gate is totally open enough for them to leave at any time.. But I'm guessing theyre like "Free food, fresh water, WTH, lets stay!"  




 Been a hoot to watch these guys.

The d'lings love their little "pool" and go back and forth between the food I set out, and the pool, creating a little water trail on the concrete. So far, they love Bananas, Blueberries, Chia seed (soaked in water) lettuce.. Mama seems to stick with the birdsees, and lettuce usually.   
  
  13 babies, and one mama.. Heh.. Thats quite the flock. Makes my day every day I come home from work to watch their antics. 









 Cute Lori!  
  
  Our Sun Conures do the *exact* same thing for apple juice. Can't get enough, LOL. 




 I guess the codecs were terrible back in 1879.. Look at all that .jpeg artifacting! 
























