



























































 Just found this gem in the Christian Science Monitor's comments section, attributed to "Dan Henning":

"All the News media BLACKOUT with the Election FRAUD and Voter FRAUD on Dr. Paul is coming back to BITE EM HARD! Its called BLOWBACK..Dr. Paul has warned America about it but the Sheep just keep tuning into the Lamestreammedia..and take every word as gosple..guess what SHEEP? You've been had. You Tube Ron Paul or go to "the daily paul .com for Gods Sake..learn the TRUTH! Rombama aint going to win..you best open your eyes and get on the Dr. Paul R3VOLUTION STEAM ROLLER, because come Aug in Tampa Fl. you will witness something thats going to BLOW YOUR MINDS..I cant wait to be there!" 







































 "It is the hip-hop thing to do among the urban youth who play unsuspecting whites like pianos.  In the old days, average people could avoid such youth by staying out of bad neighborhoods. Empowered by media, police and political complicity, however, the youth now roam everywhere looking for cars to steal and people to rob.

"What can you do? More and more Americans are carrying a gun in the car. An ex-cop I know advises that if you have to use a gun on a youth, you should leave the scene immediately, disposed of the wiped off gun as soon as possible. Such a gun cannot, of course, be registered to you, but one bought privately (through the classifieds, for example).

"I frankly dont know what to make of such advice, but even in my little town of Lake Jackson, Texas, Ive urged everyone in my family to know how to use a gun in self defense. For the animals are coming." 

*from the Ron Paul Newsletters* 




 "It is the hip-hop thing to do among the urban youth who play unsuspecting whites like pianos.  In the old days, average people could avoid such youth by staying out of bad neighborhoods. Empowered by media, police and political complicity, however, the youth now roam everywhere looking for cars to steal and people to rob.

What can you do? More and more Americans are carrying a gun in the car. An ex-cop I know advises that if you have to use a gun on a youth, you should leave the scene immediately, disposed of the wiped off gun as soon as possible. Such a gun cannot, of course, be registered to you, but one bought privately (through the classifieds, for example).

I frankly dont know what to make of such advice, but even in my little town of Lake Jackson, Texas, Ive urged everyone in my family to know how to use a gun in self defense. For the animals are coming."

*from the Ron Paul Newsletters* 



















 Even more importantly, how exactly does such a noble concept as "the sanctity of life" suddenly decay into the tooth-grinding rage that brands these former fetuses and their mothers as "welfare scum"? 




 Also, check out this Ron Paul-bylined PDF: [Race Terrorism in America](http://www.tnr.com/sites/default/files/RTA.pdf) 














 Headline is satire, though probably not by much. 









 Whatever happened to Ross Perot? 









 2012: The Year of Linux on the Desktop. 









 "Eric Dondero, Paul's estranged former volunteer and personal aide, worked for Paul on and off between 1987 and 2004 (back when he was named "Eric Rittberg"), and since the Iraq war has become one of the congressman's most vociferous and notorious critics. By Dondero's account, Paul's inner circle learned between his congressional stints that *"the wilder they got, the more bombastic they got with it, the more the checks came in. You think the newsletters were bad? The fundraising letters were just insane from that period." [italics added.]*  Cato Institute President Ed Crane told reason he recalls a conversation from some time in the late 1980s in which Paul claimed that his best source of congressional campaign donations was the mailing list for The Spotlight, the conspiracy-mongering, anti-Semitic tabloid run by the Holocaust denier Willis Carto until it folded in 2001."

http://reason.com/archives/2008/01/16/who-wrote-ron-pauls-newsletter 



















 Mrs. Paul's. 




 Who paid the police overtime? Which public works guys cut down the trees? Who paid for the garbage trucks to crush and cart away tents, food, bicycles, and books to a public landfill?

Is this another case of the private class privatizing the profits and socializing the losses?



 









 *By NBCs Anthony Terrell and Domenico Montanaro

CARROLL, Iowa -- Ron Paul outlined what he believed was the difference between Occupy Wall Street and the Tea Party.

Some are demonstrating, because theyre scared to death they wont get their handouts, Paul said yesterday. And the other half are demonstrating, because theyre sick and tired of paying for it. Im on the side of sick and tired of paying for it.

Paul's popularity has risen since 2008 largely because of the Tea Party. He doesn't lead in polling in any state, but he is routinely in the top three in states like Iowa and New Hampshire.*

Discuss. 




 Just curious. 









 May you find peace and rest. 




 Americans for Prosperity, Walker's Wisconsin, etc.

Anyone monitoring the latest? 














 [700 water main breaks in Houston  a day](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/44160515/ns/weather/#.Tkrn2GbfGdY) 














 1968: George Wallace and the "American Independent" party.

1980: Ronald Reagan convinces lower-middle class Americans that they will become millionaires if only they approve massive tax cuts for multimillionaires. The multimillionaires become billionaires; everyone else: the impoverished, the lower-middle class, and the middle class are forced to eat dirt, but persist in their belief Reagan is a American saint. 

1992: Ross Perot, to be followed by his "U-nited We Stand, America" party.

1994: Newt Gingrich and the "Republican Revolution."

1998: Newt Gingrich and the Clinton Impeachment. While he presided over the impeachment trial of Clinton for getting blown by a young staffer, Gingrich was himself getting blown by a young staffers (while he was on his second wife. That young staffer's name? Callista; she is now his third wife, and evidently quite fond of shopping at Tiffany's.)

2000: Ralph Nader decides that if Ross Perot could pull 20% of the vote in 1992 and 14% in 1996 despite being a complete whackjob, *surely* he could pull 5% in every state. Nader aligns himself with the "Green Party" in hopes of winning Federal matching funds. He was very much mistaken. He doesn't break 1% in *any* state, but he takes 91,000 votes in Florida; this is enough to throw Florida to George W. Bush.

2001-2009: George W. Bush and Dick Cheney. If you don't remember the hell they unleashed, go look it up.

2008: Sarah Palin.

2010: The "spontaneous, up-from-the-grassroots" Tea Party movement. Realizing that Ross Perot won the rageful, spiteful votes of a certain segment of the American population, a motley crew of Republican political advisors, Libertarian brothers (and multibillionaires from birth,) join forces with a right-wing media billionaire to re-run the Ross Perot campaign, minus Ross Perot. 

2011: The "TeaPublicans" determine that they will "save America" by steering our ship of state directly off a cliff into a vast canyon. No sane American of any political stripe
 




 We, as Americans, realize that our National Parks belong to all of us.

The same applies to the resources under our land and under our waters.

Why, then, do we lease out our lands and water to private, for-profit corporations who then extract America's natural resources, process them, and sell the products to right back to us, the ones that owned it in the first place? Every penny they've ever generated in profit comes from the resources they've extracted

Maybe it's time we spoke up for America and Americans, rather than worshipping at the altar of the Corporatists. They take our resources for *fractions* of pennies on the dollar, and sell it back to us at a truly astonishing markup.

It's one of the greatest scams ever, and it's gone on for nearly 125 years now. We give away *trillions* to them for next to nothing. If you want to get mad about something, get mad about this. Yet, there are those among us who would blame schoolteachers for our economic plight.

We don't owe any allegiance, nor profit, nor to these private, for-profit  interests. We pledge allegiance to the United States of America, not Exxon/Mobil, nor Shell, nor BP, nor Chevron, nor ARCO. Defend these private interests if you must, but don't delude yourselves that they can, have, or will *ever* show any allegiance to us in return for what we have so foolishly given away for so long.

Perhaps we should pledge our allegiance to ourselves, and our nation. 

 




 Followed a Rachel Maddow link to Palin's Facebook page.This was the most recent comment ("about an hour ago"):

[*name redacted out of a sense of shame for hapless Facebook poster*] "why do we have to suffer because of the debt why can't we cut the aid to other countries in half? that would save us enough money to pay off the debt and would not have to interfere with medicare, medicad nor with our social security, i'm just saying who is none of the people we vote for to protect us can't see this. i am just an american of every day person and I CAN SEE THIS but no we have to suffer cause our congressmen can't do this for the american people"

...
 




 . . . Richard Mellon Scaife (another multibillionaire by inheritance) who in the 1990s funded the Arkansas Project designed to destroy President Clinton? 



















 Will they go after the 12 members of the Casey Anthony jury, too? 









 A nation eager for freedom and liberty awaits your response. 









 Punishing them makes us no wealthier.

We chronically undervalue our own financial worth anyway, and it doesn't look as if any of us will be getting a life-changing raise soon.

The solution isn't to tighten the thumbscrews on Congress; the solution is to value ourselves, and the work that each of us do for ourselves and  the nation.

One Congressman's salary sounds about equivalent to what it takes to provide a good, solid foundation, provide a reasonable existence, and a path to a comfortable retirement for a family of four. Let's use that as baseline, inclusive of health care benefits and vacation time.

Why? Because we're Americans, and we not only owe it to ourselves, we have quite literally *earned* it. 

America, you've earned a reasonable existence, solid health care, a few weeks of vacation each year with the kids, and stable golden years. The question is, are we American enough to accept what we've already earned for ourselves?

Value your own worth, and that of all of your American neighbors. My life as an American is a bit worse today, because somewhere within our borders today, one of my fellow Americans died from cancer that would have been caught years ago, had it been diagnosed. One of my fellow Americans ended his life today because he can't find work and would rather die than ask for help.

We've earned it. Are we American enough to accept for ourselves and each of our fellow Americans that which we have already earned?

Let's make this Fourth of July one to remember.

If every American resolves to honor each and every one of his fellow Americans *as* an American, there is no peak we cannot surmount. It's all that's united us and saved us before, and no one's changed the prescription.

We WILL get through this, if we honor one another, and treat ourselves and one another as we ourselves would like to be treated. Our grandparents and great-grandparents proved our resilience, and we could do far worse than follow the example of those we rightfully call "the Greatest Generation." 









 They defrost and dump hundreds of embryos daily. Some go straight down the sink; others find their way into Biohazard bags to be burned.

Why all the fuss over Women's Health Clinics? Why hassle women trying to get pap smears? Why murder their doctors? Why not march with obnoxious signs on the in-vitro labs, where far more fetuses are obliterated daily?

An informational query. 









 Drug kingpins.

Think of it! Never a tax, never a regulation, never some meddlesome bureaucrat poking through your books, or hassling you over quality control. And forget about pesky firearms laws -- not only can you buy arms/weapons in any quantity you like, but you can raise a private army to use them for you against those you decree must die. 

In the realm of *truly* free markets, drug lords are king. Who are we to penalize their success? They earned it. 




 B-I-N-G-O! 




 I mean, their devotion is admirable. It's like my own private C-SPAN!

I will admit, though, that a moment or two to myself would be nice once in a while. Perfect example: after a meet-and-greet with the Jaycees this morning, I was followed into the Denny's restroom by a group of men in T-shirts, stained jeans, and mounds and mounds of facial hair. They kept talking about how Linus (the blanket kid from Peanuts?) could help us line up an account with the FedEx, something something involving gold, something about Fiats also (crappy Italan cars?) They were nice enough, maybe a little awkward socially, but seemed to be decent young fellows and dedicated to the cause of liberty. I finally sent them on their way by autographing ten or so toilet seat covers.

Well, back to it. Who knew so many of my fans were proficient in Gregg shorthand?

P.S.: left tip in doubloons. 

 














 He's the right-wing billionaire-from-birth who spent tens of millions of dollars in his attempt to destroy Bill Clinton.

The only right-wing billionaires in the news these days are the multibillionaires Charles and David Koch, who just like Scaife rose to prominence with the money that their daddies left them.

What's Richard Mellon Scaife up to these days? And as long as we're talking about pouty, greedy billionaire-by-inheritance boys, how about Steve Forbes?  




 Count me among those who say Adobe Flash is "the past." Other, far superior alternatives to Adobe Flash exist.

I've often wondered why those who hate Apple/the Mac/iOS and snidely label Apple's ecosystem a "closed, proprietary system" refuse to evolve and embrace the open standards of HTML 5. Yet, they scream like little children who've had their Popsicles stolen when obsolete Adobe Flash and *its* closed, proprietary system, a fossilized artifact of Web 0.3b, acquired via Adobe's takeover of Macromedia back in the 90s, are ignored in favor of far superior alternatives.

I really don't understand this bizarre fixation on Flash. Continuing to support Flash with all of its well-known and well-documented instabilities and security risks makes about as much sense as demanding that all programs in 2011 be written in Basic.

Seriously, *what's with this Flash fixation?*  Is it some sort of offshoot of Stockholm Syndrome? Do people believe that when Flash dies, their free internet porn will go away? [It won't.] If they even remember RealMedia/RealPlayer, did today's Adobe Flash sycophants feel the same way when Real's third-rate shit software and delivery capabilities [*Buffering . . . . . . Buffering . . . . . .* ] died from both obsolescence and user frustration at Real's utter ineptitude? Will anyone besides basement-dwellers who make drag-and-drop porn banner ads with Flash actually miss it?

Can anyone explain this? *What's with this irrational love for Flash?* You might as well demand that Apple support Betamax. 




 This is why they'll never be "pro-life."

They are "pro-birth."

There's a world of difference. 




 The Republicans can't believe it either, but they're happy to cater to these loons as long as the money keeps rolling in, and their precincts get walked.

This whole thing is irrelevant, as due to the Hyde Amendment *not a penny of Federal money has gone to abortion services in decades.*

In private, when they're being honest, the Republicans have a greater and more snide contempt for anti-abortionists than does any liberal --but because of the political support the Repubs are happy to toss them a bone once in a while. Such is this "Planned Parenthood" red herring.
 









 Why/why not? 









 Any guesses? 




 I don't mind paying to help Reddit out; but if they're going to charge for that which is otherwise free, they'd better be able to provide a stable and accessible site.

If they charge and can't deliver, they either need to charge more until they can afford to provide the service, or go all-free.

I'm a Charter Reddit Gold member and I find myself less inclined to renew.
 




 2011: The Year of Linux on the Desktop. 

















































 and explain why . . . 

good/bad memories attached to the song?

just think it's catchy?

is there a song you hate, but secretly you actually like? 














 Any early standouts? 




 An anxious America awaits an answer. 
























 And that's *still* lower than under Reagan.

Cry me a fuckin' river. 














 Do you guys realize that the Republicans/Koch Astroturfers are absolutely laughing their asses off at you behind your backs?

You guys think liberals think you're stupid? The Koch Republicans *know* you're stupid. What kind of fucking idiots (people who actually had their own taxes *cut* by Obama, though they believe the opposite is true) would actually go to their corporate-funded Uncle Sam cosplay rallies and scream about "socialist takeovers" because their multibillionaire masters will have to pay 2 cents more per dollar of income?

You think liberals mock you? Republicans *detest* you. They take great pleasure in grinding your faces into the shit and dirt, then tricking you into blaming the liberals for it.

Remember: the American Right uses you to do all their heavy lifting, which only serves their selfish interests while undermining yours. Do you believe they have any respect for those who would work like dogs against their own best interests?

It's a lot easier to print up ten million plastic American flags in China and pepper the crowd with a few puffy-shirted, tri-corner-hatted, out-of-work-actors shouting out Tea Party slogans mixed with misquoted Founders and "patriotize" you into doing their dirty work.

Remember, every time you see them talking about "taking America back" on TV or at a rally, ***they are all laughing their asses off at you*** the ***instant*** your backs are turned.* 

Painful but accurate analogy for you: if your personal liquid assetts are *less* than $10,000,000 and you buy into the "Tea Party" narrative, you're no different or less foolish than a black American marching in support of the KKK.    




 If you thought the Republican Congress under George W. Bush was bad, wait until you see what these guys are brewing up. 

Click here to register to vote.

http://www.rockthevote.com/rtv_voter_registration.html?source=rtv.com-homegraphic 









 In fact, the iPad's lack of Flash is what I would characterize as a feature/selling point. 














 The impression i've had is that iPhone/iPad software was the same OS, now iOS4, which is itself a subset of Mac OS X.

In fact, I remember earlier versions of the iPhone OS reported as being a lean but full Mac OS X install.

Does anyone know? And if it is the same OS, why couldn't we run iOS4 on iPads today? 









 Hackers have planted viruses in video games for smart phones running on Microsoft Corp's Windows operating system, according to a security firm specializing in mobile devices.

The games  3D Anti-Terrorist and PDA Poker Art  are available on sites that provide legitimate software for mobile devices, according to John Hering, chief executive officer of the San Francisco-based security firm Lookout.

The games are bundled with malicious software that automatically dials premium-rate telephone services in Somalia, Italy and other countries, sometimes ringing up hundreds of dollars in charges in a single month. 














 How long before her fanclub abandons her? 




 Even though he's an American citizen, and stuff.

http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/95837-mccain-serious-mistake-if-car-bombing-suspect-was-mirandized
 









 You want to end illegal immigration tomorrow, Arizona?

Put a $10,000 fineper illegal, per dayon everyone who HIRES an illegal.

Whoops! Bet that won't go over too well with the Republicans who race-bait you with this issue, would it? Their buddies in agribusiness wouldn't be too happy about it, for one. 

SOPick your own fucking vegetables, build your own fucking house, mow your own fucking lawn, make your own fucking food, bus your own fucking tables, wash your own fucking dishes, wash and iron your own fucking clothes, make up your own fucking motel rooms, and [scariest of all, I know,] WATCH YOUR OWN FUCKING CHILDREN. 

My $10,000 per illegal, per day fine on *EMPLOYERS* ends illegal immigration TOMORROW, Republicans. 

Bet your Party's big-ticket donations would dry up *very* quickly, eh? And you'd lose your favorite "DEY TURK YER JERBS!" argument.

Here in America we have a saying: Money talks, and bullshit walks. So, Republicans, are you going to go after the *real* reason illegal immigrants come here? They come because they're PAID to by your major donors, who must have their cheap labor. 









 For decades, conservatives have preached the benefits of personal responsibility and explained human success or failure via a theory of Social Darwinism. By this logic, the good and noble of society rise and prosper; those left behind in society have only themselves and their lack of dedication and virtue to blame.

Conservatives have long been very free with their criticisms of others; they'll sneer at the destitute or unemployed and say, "[Ross Perot/Ronald Reagan/Chuck Norris] made it in life; that shows it's possible.  Why can't you, *loser?!* HAHAHA!"

Obama's election means only to them that they have to eat their own words.  If a black guy from a very modest background can become President, it only underscores that they themselves *aren't* President, or anything even approaching the same level of importance or prestige.

Worse still, it proves to them they don't even possess the skills or abilities to achieve such heights. It shows them they were outdone by a better educated, more diligent, more dedicated guya better educated, more diligent, more dedicated *black* guy. 

Since they are happy neither with themselves nor their station in life, Obama's achievements just serve to underscore their own personal failures. Subconsciously they apply their Social Darwinist thinking to Obama, then look at themselves; they *really* don't like the result of that matchup.

As President, Obama is on TV and in the news daily; they can't escape news, images, and discussions of him. Every one of Obama's successes only serves to underscore their own failures.  This is why they have to constantly tear him down.  It's their means of mental self-preservation.

Thus, they don't just hate Obama because he's black; they hate him because he's black and is "better'n [me.]" 




 Does anyone have any recommendations for a Bluetooth headset, or units to avoid?

I'm particularly interested in which units are the most comfortable.

Thanks in advance! 


































 I don't have access to academic libraries, and it wouldn't be worth it to set up a private account for one search.

Any ideas?  Thanks. 




 That will make for an interesting contrast. 




 Are people really so *naive* as to believe Fox's outrageously cooked poll numbers?

Waitforget I asked. 









 Does anyone have any recommendations?  Is the technology ready for prime-time?

If so, are there any apps that work with a Bluetooth headset? 




 Every time you receive a medical service, 30% of the cost of that procedure goes straight to a Health Insurance Corporation (HIC).

Why should they get a 30% cut just for existing? What value do they provide to patients or doctors? 

HICs are as antiquated and irrelevant as the RIAA. 









 Any love/hate stories?

Do any have Bluetooth capability?

Thanks in advance!

EDIT:  SorryI meant Speech-to-Text, as in speaking aloud and having the Mac convert your words into a document. 





























 I hate commercials that try to grab attention with blaring music, or attempt to play the "cute kid" card. 












































 And what's the latest on the NAU? 



































































































 Does anyone have any DIY plans? Can I use a kerosene-driven motor? (We're off grid.)

I figure I can salvage an old refrigerator by cutting a hole in the top for his head and then sealing the gap around his neck with rubber from salvaged retreads (along with duct tape to make a good, tight pressure seal.)

Also, is it feasible to combine this setup with a composting toilet? If I can avoid opening the fridge door more than once a year or so to hose out his filth, I'd *really* like to avoid it. (I'm very self-reliant and it is going to be a *real* pain to aim the hose with one hand while manually pumping his oxygen bag with the other, especially with him hanging there by his neck/head like a baseball bat hanging in a rack.)

To be frank this is a **lot** more hassle than an rugged individual like myself is used to. What I really need are Volunteerists to preserve this young man's life. If you *insist* on compensation, I can throw a few Bitcoins your way once in a while. 

















































 Does the Castle Doctrine apply? Should I "Stand My Ground"? Can I blow her away? 

 


































 Ted in 1977, to *High Times* magazine:

"I got my physical notice 30 days prior to. Well, on that day I ceased cleansing my body. No more brushing my teeth, no more washing my hair, no baths, no soap, no water. Thirty days of debris build. I stopped shavin and I was 18, had a little scraggly beard, really looked like a hippie. I had long hair, and it started gettin kinky, matted up. Then two weeks before, I stopped eating any food with nutritional value. I just had chips, Pepsi, beer-stuff I never touched-buttered poop, little jars of Polish sausages, and Id drink the syrup, I was this side of death, Then a week before, I stopped going to the bathroom. I did it in my pants. poop, piss the whole shot. My pants got crusted up."

Ted in 2013, to the media at a Las Vegas Gun Show: 

"But here is what is wrong with America today. We have a president, and everybody better write this down, and memorize this. The president of the United States goes to the Vietnam Memorial Wall and pretends to honor 58,000 American heroes who died fighting communism and then he hires, appoints and associates with communists. He pretends to pay honor to men who died fighting communism, and then he hangs out with, hires and appoints communists. He is an evil dangerous man who hates America and hates freedom. And we need to fix this as soon as possible."
 




 2013: The Year of Linux on the Desktop. 














 Just wondering. 



















 Once or twice a day . . . well, you know.

Also a fair amount of unexplained beachballing.

Any suggestions? 


































 Because they are the only time Ron Paul has been truly honest about what he believes. 




 What are your sincere opinions on the "Tea Party," End-Timer Evangelicals, and the general "if lib'ruls is fer it, I'm 'gainst it" Archie Bunker-types that have come to dominate/define the Party?

Do you have any reasonable hope/chance of reclaiming the Party, or will it require a major political realignment for any sort of sensible, reasonable Conservatism to take hold? 




 What are your sincere opinions on the "Tea Party," End-Timer Evangelicals, and the general "if lib'ruls is fer it, I'm 'gainst it" Archie Bunker-types that have come to dominate/define the Party?

Do you have any reasonable hope/chance of reclaiming your Party, or will it require a major political realignment for any sort of sensible, reasonable Conservatism to take hold?

 














 They seem to lose all interest in children post-birth, to say nothing of their persistent contempt for the mothers.

Why? Is it similar to the fetishization of puppies and kittens, which often mutates into the neglect and dispossession of millions of dogs and cats?

What happens to the "Respecting a Culture of Life^TM" crowd after "God's Littlest Angels^TM" are launched into a world of neglect and abuse that these "pro-lifers" have created for them with their toxic, regressive politics? 









 ***RESIGN THE NRA.***

Then, vow ***never*** to give them another penny of your money, ***EVER***.

 









 Why isn't he on the Sunday morning news shows? 




 [Make sure to check the list twice!](http://www.latimes.com/news/nation/nationnow/la-na-nn-sandy-hook-shooting-victims-20121215,0,1042668.story) 
























 Was everyone able to get along, or did your crazy right-wing relatives roll out the bizarre conspiracy theories?  














 I wonder if it's because I posted this?

http://mypetjawa.mu.nu/archives/over-lution.jpg 




 I'd love to see this shitware driven from the face of the Earth. Can I safely ignore it, or is it a valid "security update"?

Better yet, can I delete Adobe Flash entirely from my Mac? Any special steps? Since we're in an HTML 5 world now, I don't see the point of even having it.

Thanks in advance 

















































 Bloggers would report the strange, disturbing, morbid and often profane search strings that searchers had used which led to their webpages.



Is there any current equivalent? 





























 They just don't get that they've violated the "Non-Spamggression Principle."

If they had just left everyone on the Internet alone and gone about their own business, everything would have been just fine.

But after millions and millions and millions more of provacative, deliberate, and direct violations of the "Non-Spamggression Principle," they forced our hand. A man can only take so much Spamggression before he stands up for himself and fights the PaulSpam Machine.

We're just defending ourselves. 














 Discuss. 




 Discuss. 







































 WHOO-HOO!!!

Many of you are on the road to Tampa right now! Let's see your pictures! Post links to your blogs! (Starbucks and McDonald's have free Wi-Fi so you can check in from the road.)

How many vehicles are in your Ronvoy? I hope you all brought your signs and are posing for lots of pictures at roadside attractions to spread the message of Liberty!

Can't wait to see you all! Where is everyone staying? Tell us your stories! 




 If I wanted to/were available to talk, I would have called rather than texted.

Why do people insist on doing this? 









 Goodbye Florida. 









 Once the seniors of Florida find out about Paul Ryan's plans to dismantle Social Security and Medicare, it's even more over for Mitt than it was before. 









 Please post where you're from and how you'll be getting to Tampa (plane, bus, Ronvoy, car, etc.)

If you're going by car, some of you may be on the road already. Are you keeping a blog of your travels? If not, start! Post links here so we can all see them!

 




 After all, Hitler's followers were able to successfully plan and carry out rallies in support of their candidate.  




 Are people getting excited out there?

This event has so much potential to make the Liberty Movement even more well-known. Thank you Dr. Paul for making it all possible! 









 Does anyone know the new shortcut? 




 The Libertarians should form an alliance with the Church of Scientology and get SEA ORG on the job. 




 Have you bought your tickets? How are you getting there? The lineup of bands and speakers looks pretty awesome. Are there any hotels offering special Paul Festival rates? 




 Was it when you learned of the Ron Paul Newsletters?

Was it the Moneybombs begging you for your "worthless fiat currency" rather than gold?

Was it when you realized he'd been a longtime compatriot of American White Nationalists?

Please share your stories. 




 Please share your stories. 









 It's been almost a year since Perry organized "the Response" to beg God for rain in Texas.

Is he going to do it again? 




 Just as Bill Clinton distanced himself from the "Jesse Jackson" wing of the Democratic Party by criticizing Sister Souljah's Black Nationalist lyrics, Mitt Romney's criticism of "ObamaCare" [a deliberate, derisive term the American Right has sought to implant as strongly negative in America's id] was designed to get the NAACP booing at him, thus strengthening the resolve of his own Party's Obama-haters. This will get Mitt Romney donations and volunteers, as well as convey a much wider message.

The Republican dog-whistle: "if *those people* think 'ObamaCare' is good, *you* should hate it, because *'morbidly obese welfare queens in new Cadillacs with 8 kids with 8 different fathers buying vodka at the liquor store with Food Stamps'*."

Just think how many thousands of times Fox News and American Right SuperPACs will run this from this moment up until the election, reference it in their blogs, and AM-spam it 24 hours a day. Look at what they did with the "New Black Panthers" clip, for example.

To deny that this was a calculated move on the Romney campaign's part would be as foolish as denying that Bill Clinton's "Sister Souljah" speech was meant to clearly separate the modern Democratic Party from any association with the rhetoric of the Extremist Left of the late 1960s. (It's important to note that most people had never heard of Sister Souljah before, or since.) Both were messages sent out to/clearly received by their respective intended multiple audiences. 














 Be a part of history...
Details
Published on Tuesday, 03 July 2012 17:37
 Request Sponsorship Information for PAUL FESTIVAL NOW!!!

Paul Festival is now accepting Sponsors!
Become part of history as you take part in the largest festival for freedom the world has ever seen! 

Celebrating Ron Paul's 77th birthday, as well as his lifetime of achievements; promoting freedom and liberty and inspiring a movement! Paul Festival is all about unity and strives to bring a diverse group of people together in celebration of the philosophy of liberty. 

Paul Festival will be held at the Florida State Fairgrounds in Tampa, FL, August 24th,25th,26th with a capacity of over 50,000 attendees.  The Festival will be held on two stages, one indoor and the other a massive outdoor stage for big acts.  Additionally there will be 275 indoor vendors booths and additional 20 outdoor vendor booths available.  VIP Tents will be set up and campaign and RV parking is available at the fairgrounds. 

We have a sponsorship package for any type of budget and hope you will join us is making this a successful event!  Your sponsorship package will get your company logo featured on our website, or our printed material such as flyers and brochures and your logo and mention on our social media sites.  All Sponsors will receive the following:

Company or organization name/logo on:

All written materials.
Paul Festival Official Website
Paul Festival Official Social Media Sites
Paul Festival poster and rack cards.
Additionally:

10x10 Booth
Event T-shirts
Three day passes to the event
Gold and Silver Sponsors will receive all the benefits listed above plus more!

SPONSOR PAUL FESTIVAL NOW!

Do you want even more exposure? 
Become a Presenting Sponsor!

Imagine when it is Paul Festival Presented by (Your Company)!!  Request a sponsorship package today and become part of it all;  Paul Festival will be a family oriented event with a children's activity area and will feature great speakers, bands, comedians from up and coming to some of the big names!   
























 Submit your guesses.

As always  please, no wagering. 




 And not just from Reddit.

Paste the ones you find from all over the web. (Be sure to give proper credit.)

Alternatively, summarize any crazed rants from friends/family/co-workers. 




 How many of you were aware of this?

http://www.tnr.com/sites/default/files/January1992.pdf

Lew Rockwell and Murray Rothbard backed Ron on this:

http://www.tnr.com/sites/default/files/RRR.pdf
 









 Anyone else care to share their Ron Paul ink? 









 *The Sixties never happened.*

*The Sixties never happened.*

*The Sixties never happened.*

*The Sixties never happened.* 









 As they know his record the best, I think he'll get clobbered in every county. 














 A: They've never heard of Galbraith. 




 [Why, yes. Yes he can.](http://newsone.com/1748295/top-10-racist-ron-paul-friends-supporters/) 














 It's a shame they have ***ZERO*** regard for mothers and their children *post-birth* as they do in dictating their radical belief that blastocysts are sentient beings.

Nonetheless, there are a lot of good, honest, sincere Republicans out there. If any of them are reading and would care to address this, we'd all really like to know. 
























  /r/19kidsandmounting, more like.

 




 Just trying to view it from all the angles.

So did Josh. 




 Hopefully he was able to actually learn something from it.

Freelance gynecology?
 




 Maybe they thought they could pray the play away. 




 It's a tragedy how Christian Fundamentalist extremists have managed to sully the phrase "Christian" in barely more than a generation.

"Christian" used to be a noble and honorable appellation, and in its traditional definition remains so.

However, given all of the scandals, scams, hucksterism, fraud, and extremist right-wing political activism we've seen among Evangelical Protestants in the last 30 or so years, "Christian" has picked up very negative connotations such as to imply ignorance, smug self-delusion, and false righteousness.

It should never have been this way, but there was too much money and power to be had. 


 




 The most foolish and self-destructive move the American Catholic Church ever made was to ally with frothing Fundamentalist Evangelicals on "Culture War" issues.

It's cost the Church so much in the credibility department (especially among Catholics) that I wonder if the damage can ever be undone. 




  Doctors are not really allowed to unionize

What's the AMA, then?

 




 Why not go for a swim in it, petro-apologist? 




 How can anyone take the Paul family seriously? They've been canoodling with far right-wing extremists for decades. 




 MONEYBOMB! 




 Another Hero Patriot from "the Party of Personal Responsibility!"  




 Another fine representative of "the Party of Personal Responsibility!" 









 Dinesh D'Souza and various other right-wing cranks. 




 Worked himself into a froth. 




 That means it's working. 




 Could it be . . . LIBERTY!^TM ??? 




 "right-to-rise society"

I wouldn't be surprised if this becomes a new Republican catch phrase. I see Rove's hand here.

Remember how Rove sold GWB as a "reformer with results" and a "compassionate conservative"?

"Right-to-rise" is both alliterative and has a slight tinge of dog-whistle. 




 Hopefully this will hasten the decline of social conservatism. 




  I was interested in Rand, but my inbox got filled with requests for money.

Ever notice how Ron and Rand Paul ***constantly beg*** for that "worthless fiat currency" they so deride?

 




  I'm more of a Democrat than anything

Yep. Because Democrats always run around snarking about "SJWs" and whining about "feminists."

Everyone believes you.

 




 The LIBERTY!^TM Brigades are here! 




 If you want a similar deal, I'm sure Ron would still be willing to take your "worthless fiat currency" in exchange for it, just like he's done for all his true believers for decades.

You act in your own "informed, rational self-interest," right? Give Paul a call! I'm sure he'll be willing to work with you. He might even throw in a racist newsletter for your troubles!





 




 Ron Paul has been "consistent" in courting, then scamming money from White Nationalists and Neo-Confederates for decades (if that's what you mean by "consistent.")

See [The Ron Paul Survival Kit.](http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7018/6560359999_b98a55fc71.jpg) 




 It's a Bush family tradition. 




 It's OK. Those Iraqis died for FREEDOM!^TM

We liberated their souls right the fuck out of their bodies. 




 Don't forget the Carlyle Group! 




 The GOP doesn't have a way of shutting that whole thing down.    




 Jeb and GWB: two more Republican Chickenhawks. 




 "I'm glad my brother GWB sent them all to die for his lies." 















































































 http://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/230x3l/listen_alleged_kansas_gunman_frazier_glenn_miller/

This story was just pulled by the Mods from the /r/politics "New" queue as "Not US Politics." Decide for yourself if their characterization is accurate: the users of /r/politics aren't able to.

Here's the full text of the article:

In a 2010 radio interview, Frazier Glenn Miller, the man suspected of killing three people Sunday at a Jewish community center and a Jewish retirement center in Kansas, said he was interested in the tea party, voiced support for then-Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, and spoke approvingly of Ron Paul, the Texas Republican congressman and presidential candidate. In late April 2010, Miller, a former Ku Klux Klan Grand Dragon, was a guest on The David Pakman Show, a nationally syndicated left-of-center radio and television program. At the time, Miller was running for US Senate as an independent in his home state of Missouri with the slogan "It's the Jews, Stupid," and Pakman pressed Miller on his extreme views.

During the interview, Miller was unabashed about his anti-Semitic positions. When asked whether he thought the United States would be better off if Hitler had succeeded, Miller responded, "Absolutely, the whole world wouldHitler would have created a paradise on Earth, particularly for white people. But he would have been fair to other people as well." He added, "Germans are blamed collectively because of the alleged so-called Holocaust."

Not surprisingly, Miller denigrated most American politicians, but cited one positively: "If I had my way [all US senators] would be in jail right now for treason, if not hung from a sturdy oak treeRon Paul is the only independent politician, representative in Washington." He also spoke highly of another conservative: "Patrick Buchanan, he's a great man, he's a great historian, he's one of the very few journalists who has the courage to speak out against Jewish domination in the country." Miller called Howard Stern "a Jew liar." When asked whether he supported the tea party, Miller replied, "The school's still out on them. They're a new movement. I'm watching them closely. I suspect, however, they'll be infiltrated by the Jews and therefore led into defeat."

During the interview, Pakman asked Miller whom he would "elect, deport, and waterboard"given the choices of President Barack Obama, Vice President Joe Biden, and former Fed chair Alan Greenspan. Miller answered, "I like Obama more than the other two, by far." He chose to elect Obama, deport Greenspan, and waterboard Biden. Miller said, "I have a great deal of admiration [for] Louis Farrakhan," and he called Ahmadinejad "a great man" because he "has guts and he tells the truth about the Jews."

"I'm a convicted felon and I'm proud of it," Miller boasted, noting that he "was convicted of declaring war on the federal government and possession of illegal weapons." He added that Jews "were responsible for my conviction that prompted me to go underground and declare warMorris Dees mainly, he's a Jew that runs the Southern Poverty Law Center." (The SPLC monitors hate groups.)

In November 2013, Pakman had an exchange of emails with Miller in which Miller noted that he was "close friends" with Craig Cobb, a white supremacist who had attempted to form an all-white town in Leith, North Dakota. According to Miller, the two had worked together "on several White Nationalist projects, including the Aryan Alternative newspaper." Referring to the recent news that a DNA test indicated that Cobb had African ancestry, Miller told Pakman, "I can't believe a man as intelligent as you, actually believes Craig Cobb is an octoroon. Surely, you know it's just another jewsmedia fraud." 




 Video and transcript at link.

http://abcnews.go.com/ThisWeek/video/week-sen-rand-paul-23309342 
























 I'm noticed that some of  the news sources the Censorship Mods arbitrarily banned (oops, *sorry,* "filtered") have been getting through.

Did the Admins have to have a little talk with that petulant crew of self-appointed authoritarian censors over at r/politics?

What say you, our dear Censorship Mods? Did those "Community Outreach" purges of yours finally catch up with you? 




 This comment was deleted on at least one other subreddit. Hopefully this redacted version will pass muster. Please give it you consideration, and add your thoughts in the comments.
______________________


In response to another redditor's query: **"What are some trends on reddit that should die?"**

Censorship.

In some reedits, censorship of legitimate news sources, users, and user comments based on the whim of rogue, self-appointed Moderators is now the norm, not the rare exception.

Yes, /u/[REDACTED] , /u/[REDACTED] , /u/[REDACTED]r , /u/[REDACTED] , and /u/[REDACTED](among others,) you Censorship Mods over at /r/[REDACTED] ban users and sources at individual whim. This has been well documented and will only become a larger issue until the Admins of reddit deal with the censorship dictates you Neo-Mods have forced upon the largest political message board on the Internet.

You deem sources "unacceptable" and they are pulled before they even hit the /r/[REDACTED]/new newsfeed.

As a redditor, I don't need some vigilante Mods deciding what is and what is not acceptable to their whim and censoring content "for our own Good." There are tens of millions of redditors, and we don't need authoritarian control over the means of our communication. We can decide for ourselves, thank you very much.

Salon is banned on /r/[REDACTED]. Wonkette is also banned. For a brief time, until reddit outrage grew too large to ignore and the Censorship Mods were forced to backtrack, Mother Jones was banned. (Mother Jones is the media outfit that broke the "Mitt Romney 47%" story, the biggest political story of 2012.) But the Censorship Mods were forced to back down when it blew up in their faces; they were made to undo their unjustified and partisan ban of Mother Jones. Other of their arbitrary bans remain in place to this day.

What sources are you not able to see, fellow reddit users, because the /r/[REDACTED] Neo-Mods have decided that they know better than you do what is and what is not news and/or politics? (Hint: more than you think.)

Reddit exists because of the free flow of information. When self-appointed guardians of what is valid and what is not seize control to impose their spiteful will by force upon an unwilling community, they are violating the very premise of reddit. This is why Admin intervention is needed: this Censorship train needs to be stopped in its tracks before it becomes a trend among other would-be authoritarian Mods.

The "Digg Patriots" destroyed digg; we cannot stand by as "Reddit Patriots" force the same fate on Reddit.

Don't let the Censorship Mods win. 





















































































































































 He said something about "primate nocturnal" or something and declared it was his natural right to devirginize my new wife.

I know he's right, because he is richer and better and smarter than me. But does anyone know what he's talking about?

This is a disappointing start to our marriage. I can't make ice in the Liberty trailer, so the Liberty champagne I had specially chilled for our honeymoon night went warm while we used the ice to keep her swelling and bruising down.

She just arrived here from abroad last week. I hope this incident doesn't skew her perspective on LibertyWorld, where the natural rights of Propertarians reign supreme, and they harvest our Flowers of Freedom at will. 









 Please share your stories. 



















 And why do they seem so happy to do so, even as they continue to lose ground every year? Is the American Right's "flag-and-eagle-porn" really that effective?

Any ideas? 



















 When did you first realize that Ron Paul was not in fact "a Champion of the Constitution" but nothing more than a Neo-Confederate grifter who exploits the paranoid fears of White Supremacists?

Did you fall for the "Hey, he's 'Grandpa Peace 'n Pot!'" rebranding that started online in the mid-2000s to cover up Ron Paul's past and his decades-long associations with the *Turner Diaries* crowd?

How long did it take you to get out of the Cult of Paul? Are people you know still in?

Please share your personal stories.  



















 That's right  it's [Ron Paul!](http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7018/6560359999_b98a55fc71.jpg)

(The "official World War II U.S. Army Ammo-Holder" containing the coins is free with purchase, lest anyone accuse Ron Paul of trying to rip them off.) 


















































































































 Why or why not? 






















































 I dont know what the future holds for the Republican Party.

The Republicans, desperate to win at all costs, deliberately targeted both the malignantly ignorant, the dangerously paranoid, and all combinations thereof. This segment remains prized for both their malleability and their susceptibility to flag-and-eagle porn. Single issue voters, who will often vote in direct opposition to their own interests for the sake of litmus test issues, are really all the Republicans have left.

Beginning with President Nixon continuing right up until today, the Republican apparatus has catered ever more to these loons to secure victory. As a result, the paranoid and proudly ignorant now make up the largest segment of the Republican coalition, and traditional Eisenhower/Rockefeller Republicans are not only excoriated as "RINOs," they're viewed as prize game.

The Party now finds itself in trouble: it can no longer win national elections due to this self-cultivated demographic albatross, yet they now have no chance of winning without those voters. It's not merely a matter of their individual votes: these are the activists who man Republican phone banks, donate money, walk the precincts, and hand out lawn signs.

There really is no place for a sensible American conservative to seek shelter these days. The Libertarians are even more tied to the extremist American Right and its bizarre "black helicopter" conspiracy fantasies than the Republicans are, so there is really no refuge for a sane Republican moderate.
 




















































































 Mynd you, moose bites Kan be pretty nasti... 




 Cliven Bundy has a thing or two he'd like to let you know. 









 And that a right to healthcare is slavery... oh wait 




 Strong Neo-Confederate sympathies are a very common trait among backers of the Paul Family.

 




 No, it was a deliberate word choice on the part of the poster.

He's a right-wing troll who sometimes instead tries to imitate what he thinks "those damn lib'ruls" sound like. 




 Not nearly as good as starting with the "Department of Defense." 




  Rand Paul deserves enormous credit for his actions particularly when you consider he's going against many in his own party

So Rand deserves "enormous credit" for being a member of a Party full of morons? Those are some pretty low standards of which to be proud.

 




 And yet, the Republicans have been getting away with selling ignorance as a virtue since the Reagan years. 




 Sounds like Santorum's ready to work himself into a froth. 




 Until the rent-seekers rape it out of the workers again.

Extortion from captives is neither "freedom" nor "liberty," unless you belong to the permanent leisure class of exploiters.

Americans need to stop voting for the permanent leisure class, and start voting for their own interests.  




 They tried to conceal the snaps where the hairpiece is attached. 




 It's simple, as in "Josh dug her  and her, and her, and her, and her, too!"

Also: rhymes with "bugger." 




 Seriously, though, read *The Jungle.* 




 And not enough Banksters. 




 In before self-aggrandizing dimwits posting mises/lew rockwell spam! 




 You'd think that Conservatives would be keenly interested in *conservation.*

This leads us to the question: What are Conservatives conserving, exactly? 




 So Jesus wants us all to be wage slaves to the Tyrants of Capital? 




 The social and economic damage that Fundamentalist Evangelical Christianity has inflicted upon America for the past four decades is incalculable. 




 http://np.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/37yy5y/statement_by_the_president_on_the_passing_of_beau/

Will the Reign of Terror and Error of these Censorship Mods ever end? 




 As you can see from the link below, the Censorship Mods just pulled a statement from the President as "Off Topic -- Not US Politics."

http://np.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/37yy5y/statement_by_the_president_on_the_passing_of_beau/ 




 They killed it!

I think it's because the Censorship Mods must really love "LIBERTY!"^TM 




 This is a statement from the President of the United States, and it's "Off Topic -- Not US Politics"???!?!?

How do you people look in the mirror? 




 And of course, it doesn't hurt that Koch Industries is headquartered in Kansas... 




 Let's see if the Censorship Mods delete a statement from the President as "Not US Politics." 









 Don't forget the right-wing Supreme Court which installed Dubya in the Oval Office.  




 The conservatives of today's era are also Royalists, but this time of Capital. 




 "The Party of Personal Responsibility" 




 TL;DR: "It's the damn liberals' fault!"
 




 The Church has been so hyperfocused/misfocused on pushing right-wing extremism at the expense of the more traditional "Good Works" that they've alienated the last several generations of would-be Catholics. 

Catholics, despite what the American branch of the Church seems to think, just don't want to hear about the evils of abortion and birth control every damn week. If people want to hear that sort of shit, they'd go to some Evangelical Protestant Duggar-esqe "Born-Again" megachurch where all intellect is checked at the door.

This is why children and grandchildren of Catholics just don't go/donate anymore. 




 "We should simply end this illegal program, just like my son should stop assaulting flight attendants and getting into drunken crashes." 




 I think it's because he's so "pro-life." 




 Note also the Right's "Colleges are just liberal indoctrination centers!!1!" meme-lie so popular among the Fox/AM propagandists.  




 Jack Hunter is not racist though.

[Sure about that?](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2013/07/09/rand-paul-staffer-southern-avenger/2502637/)

Also, what does [this picture of Jack Hunter and his "Southern Avenger" outfit](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/YhKjH9pQno0/hqdefault.jpg) indicate to you? 




 About two years ago a gang of extremist right-wing "Censorship Mods" took over. Anything that these Censorship Mods disagreed with (i.e., showed the American Right for what it truly is) was marked "Not US Politics," "Off Topic" or "Rehosted Content." Many news sources (along with any redditors who dared to disagree with the Censorship Mod's fiats) were often banned summarily.

They even banned "Mother Jones" for a while (for the crime of breaking the "Mitt Romney 47%" story,) but the outcry was so great that they were forced to relent.

Within the last month or so, three of the most offensive and blatant "Censorship Mods" were bounced, as they should have been long ago. Their legacy remains, however.
 




 Right-wingers have a persecution complex. 




  "fighting for our freedom."

Whenever this phrase is uttered, the "Bullshit!" alarm of perceptive students of history and politics goes off.
 




 Given the Paul Family's longstanding affiliations with White Supremacists and Neo-Confederates such as Jack Hunter (the self-dubbed "Southern Avenger" who co-authored a Tea Party book with Rand and thinks that "Lincoln was a Tyrant!!1!" and that John Wilkes Booth was a hero) I tremble to think what kind of Supreme Court Justices that Rand would appoint.

That's reason enough *alone* to completely discount Rand's candidacy. 




 Let's not forget the Paul Family's decades-long ties to White Supremacists and Neo-Confederates, either.

The last thing America needs is a return to the 19th century. 




 "And then I will force a MONEYBOMB!!!" 




 Q6. Are the daughters essentially hostages? 




 [The Only Moral SmushShmorshin is My SmushShmorshin](http://www.prochoiceactionnetwork-canada.org/articles/anti-tales.shtml) 




  It's basically anti-sex.

Right-wingers: The Senior Anti-Sex League

 




 It's because he's so "pro-life." 




 Whole Lotta Teabaggery 




 Teabags ... teabags everywhere  




 So at what point in time does it become a human being?

When loud-mouthed, right wing assholes stop giving a shit about it.  




  It's not just another being, it's a human. 

So in your view, tadpoles are frogs?

 




 *Parent comment sponsored by Koch Industries.* 




 *populace 




 Kansas, home state of Koch Industries. 




  we're actually just coming out of a drought.

See? Rick Perry's rain-prayers in the stadium finally worked!

 




 Texas Republicans: sentencing their fellow Texans to suffering and death just to spite the President. 




 Because Josh dug her, and her, her, her, and her, too! 




 I wonder if American Catholics differ significantly based on region? 




 Wonkette has a good summary of just about every incident in American politics. It's a shame it's banned from this subreddit.
 




 The "forced birth" crowd is losing influence rapidly. 




 Because they're cranks, and their base is mostly made up of stoners who know little/nothing about them.

Don't forget about the White Supremacists and Neo-Confederates that have always followed the Pauls around like puppy dogs. 




 The born-again Christians would have him re-crucified within a week. 




 They should market it as Shamu water. 




 Hair recognition. 




 Whenever right-wingers try to do humor, they just wind up embarrassing themselves.
 




 I guess now we know what the "Hastert Rule" really means. 




 First, stalk and shoot your victim. Beforehand, trail him slowly in your car for several minutes, then get out and follow him on foot. It helps a LOT if your victim is ... well, you know.

Then, plant some Skittles and Arizona Iced Tea on the body. Whack the back of your head on the pavement so you can claim he attacked you, thus violating the Non-Aggression Principle, and thereby allowing you to act in your full, reasonable, rational self-interest by plugging him one right in the heart. Tell everyone he started it, and that you were only acting in self-defense! After all, you're just the friendly Neighborhood Watch guy.

Not only did you get to live out the "I Thrill-Killed a Violent Thug and Got Away With It!" murder-fantasy, you'll be hailed as a Hero Patriot  and a Genuine Lover of Liberty in no time! 




 How about some life-altering YouTube videos, also? Those always work out great for you guys. 




 And "libertarian 'social' ideals" get thrown right out the fucking window whenever even a dollar is at stake. *Every. Single. Time.*

American libertarianism is a cult of greed. It's the Scientology of politics. 




 Shitebart! 




 No, it's not libertarian. American Libertarians are even further to the right than the Republicans. 




 I relish the idea of watching them all turn blue.
 




 The *extremely* anti-American nature of those who most loudly proclaim themselves to be "***Real*** Americans" is hard to miss. 




 Why doesn't Ted just get an cash advance on the funds he'll acquire in the the "Transfer of Wealth" during the End Times?

 




 It'll just trickle-down . 




 All their beef jerky just got rehydrated. 




 Confederates never learn. 




 Those poor sister-victims were forced to pray Josh's play away. 




 Women are not brood-mares for the state. I'm sorry this disappoints you. 




 Even they know it's a losing issue now.

Which wedge issue will the American Right lose next? 




 If men could get pregnant, abortion would be declared a sacrament.  




 Something is wrong with society when forced breeding is a desirable outcome.
 




 Clearly his hatred of "the damn meddlin' Fed'rul Gubmint" is conditional. 




 Elm-tree killing motherfuckers 




  23 hours a day in an 8x8 box with either no window or a slit only a couple inches wide. That's torture.

Do they get the Internet?

 




 But the death penalty isn't as much of a populist rage issue today as it was back in the 1970s-80s.

Much of the success of American Right over the last 50-60 years has been built on exploitation of rage/fear based wedge issues.

They've all but lost on gay marriage now. What will be the next wedge issue they lose? 




 *Tales from Walkerstan* (a Koch Brothers Production) 




 Nice try, Josh Duggar 









 Alinsky's writings proposing the construction of the interstate Wal-Mart tunneling system are well known in leftist circles. 




 I really don't know how any Texas woman (or conscientious Texas man) can vote along with the GOP. 




 That's terrifying. It's a right-wing cult.  




 Hey, another Shitebart story!

Why are they allowed in this subreddit, when Salon, Media Matters, and other genuine, legitimate sources are banned? 




 Only right-wing sycophants will be stupid enough to believe Jeb's lies.

Unfortunately, there are a lot of stupid right-wing sycophants haunting American society today. 




 More from the Duggar Diddler Files.

No one seems to mention the actual victims of this: the sisters that Josh molested. Maybe they were just told to shut up and endure it because "God has a plan"? 




 If anyone is going to be tried as domestic terrorists, it should be the Cliven Bundy Militia.

Also to be charged: the head of the "Oath Keepers," who threatened Sen. John McCain's life recently (though the story was banned both in news and politics.) 




 This would allow Snowden to turn off the lights. 




 I'm sure Texas will refuse it. They don't need any help from that damn meddlin' Fed'rul Gubmint! 




 It's because he's so pro-life. 




 Can greatness be far from his grasp? 









 West Virginia ... Mountain Momma 




 He should really do a IAMA. 




 Well, if the shoe fits... 




 And in every case of this defense I've heard used by its proponents, the "socially liberal" goes to the chopping block over "fiscally conservative," *every single time.*

Libertarian economics is nothing more that Reaganomics on steroids. Recent decades have proven that these models should be moved ever further away from, not toward. 




 Many White Nationalists, Neo-Confederates, and conspiracy theorists/militia preppers have come to self-identify as Libertarians now.

Ron Paul, Lew Rockwell, and Murray Rothbard began deliberately cultivating an audience of paranoids and bigots in the mid-1980s. Rothbard even named this strategy "Outreach to the Rednecks." 

One product of this strategy was the infamous *Ron Paul Newsletters,* which have continued to haunt Paul and the Libertarian Party. [Ron Paul was the Libertarians' presidential candidate in 1988.]
 




 Clearin' brush down on the ranch. 




 Great comedic potential? 




 I'm not surprised. Something scummy just oozes through all their advertising/PR. 




 He might be resurrected as a VP candidate, however. 




 You wanted "States' Rights", Red States? You got 'em.

Can you feel the LIBERTY!^TM yet?

*Brought to you by ALEC, funded generous grants from the Kochs and their ilk* 




 If you have a job, hen you can be assured that your employer is only paying you about one-third of your worth to him at best. *You* are his profit center.

Here in our America, workers need to get over the idea that has been implanted in their brains: that somehow the noble Job Creators^TM and their financial backers are to be worshipped and trusted and placated at all costs. 

It's disgusting that for mere survival, so many Americans must live in permanent servitude to feed the hunger of the rent-seekers, profit-harvesting financiers, and the permanent leisure class of multigenerational wealth in their united, undying quest to extract and acquire ***MORE*** from us for themselves.

That is neither "Freedom," nor "Liberty." 




 Or in Cliven Bundy's case, to take it outright.

 




  I don't understand the love about raising the minimum wage. I get that it is very low, but I believe the minimum wage should be a starting salary, not something you strive to sit at.

What I don't understand is the opposite: why does the Capital Class feel that they are entitled to next-to-free labor force to exploit? 

*Real* Americans pay their employees a living wage.

 




  Rural people tend to be independent. As such, they don't trust the government... they would rather scrape by than to be dependent on the government.

They sure trust the government when it comes to farm subsidies.
 




 Because Grover Norquist. 




 I hope Ohio's Republicans have budgeted for the results of their new "forced birth" policy. 




 Last time it became a bribes-for-votes scam between Michele Bachmann and Ron Paul.

Will anyone really miss the phony Iowa straw poll, except for the state GOP fundraisers who fill their coffers from it? 




 I ain't gonna play Sun City. 




 [He even minted a gold coin in his own honor.](http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4092/4976596305_a3c1819dd1_z.jpg)

 




 Maybe it's God punishing them for being such regressive right-wingers.

Is this statement really any different that Falwell and Robertson blaming 9/11 on gays and abortion?

Yes, it is. Because millions of people *actually believe* the second statement, and their bizarre doctrines are poisoning America. 




 [crickets] 




 Let's not forget that Reaganomics tripled the national debt in only 8 years.

That was a massive amount of stimulus spending, but Republicans will never acknowledge it, as it detracts from their masturbation fantasies : "all gub'mint spendin' is evil!" and "Saint Reagan unleashed the economy by cutting taxes!!1!"

They'll never mention that the Reaganites exploded spending.

Also, before some mouth-breathing right winger says, "but ... but ... Congress spends all the money! It warn't Saint Reagan's fault!!1!," here's a fun fact you'll never hear in the right wing media: in *every* budget the Reagan Administration ever submitted to Congress, more spending was requested than Congress ultimately approved.

Maybe it's time for "the Party of Personal Responsibility" to accept some. 




 I'm sure his fellow inmates will make an exception for good ol' Sheriff Joe. 




 The "murder fantasy" lies at the heart of American gun culture. 




 *Helter Shelter* 




 He'll be eating a *lot* of moldy bologna, too. 




 You want to know what's *really* fucking evil?

Forced birth is fucking evil. 




 *Josh Craves Honey's Woo-Woo* 




 American Exceptionalism! 




  I don't think libertarians are that gullible

Are you serious? They fell hard for neo-Conferderate goldbug Ron Paul.

 




 the "ex post fuckto" clause 




 They're the real victims here. All this time they've been instructed to "pray Josh's play away."

Given their indoctrination into the family's radical right-wing perversion of Christianity, they may even have been made to feel that they deserved or invited the abuse, because "God always has a plan." 




 Another point: the Duggars and their apologists can't blame public schools, the mass media, porn, or video games, because they kept their kids strictly sheltered from such corrupting influences. 




 *Can You Feel the Froth Tonight* 




 Also, Josh Duggar destroyed Josh Duggar's record.

I wonder how Josh's sisters are dealing with the legacy of their sexual abuse at the hands of their brother?

Did the Duggar sisters get the help they needed, or did they they just get "pray away Josh's play" counseling? 









 Josh Duggar. And her, and her, and her, and her, and her, too!

I wonder how his sister-victims are coping? No one seems to give them a second thought in this.  




 DIRECTED BY M. NIGHT SHYLAMALAN 




 Libertarians don't like anyone, and least of all themselves. 




 "And also my MONEYBOMB! Please give generously, or you hate Liberty." 




 They meet to further divide up the world amongst themselves, yet still lament the stray crumbs from their tables that others must survive upon.

 




 Of course not.  They're 100% American Fundamentalist Evangelical Protestant "Quiverfull" Kool-Aid drinkers.

Fundamentalists like the Duggars are the reason so many roll their eyes today whenever people boast about being "Christian."

The point is that the Catholic Church did itself a great disservice when they allied with the American Religious Right (who view Catholics as heretics who will be cast into the Lake of Fire when the Christian Right's little "End-of-Days" revenge fantasy takes place.) 




  There aren't really many gaps.

Josh begs to differ. 




 Probably more in a Trent Reznor/Nine Inch Nails sense. 
























 Let the Free Market decide! 




 Let the Free Market decide!

 




 Let the Free Market decide! 




 See above. 




 We all know this has nothing to do with "safety."

Oral surgery has a greater complication rate than surgical abortion. Yet somehow these restrictions weren't placed on oral surgeons (or ANY other outpatient facilities that perform such minor surgeries.) Only women's health clinics were targeted. There's no requirement for double-wide swinging doors to accommodate hospital gurneys in oral surgery facilities, for example, nor will there ever be.

This is direct, blatant, selective, and persecutive legislation by the Texas government against women's medical facilities and obstetricians performing federally legal procedures.

How many cases of cervical/uterine/breast cancer will now go undetected because of these regressive laws? How many women will die from ectopic pregnancies because they didn't have access to basic women's health care? How quickly will cases of sexually transmitted diseases expand and multiply because no testing or treatment was available? How many women will lose their only access to affordable birth control?

This entire "But... but... *it's for the womens' safety!*" charade has never been anything but a damnable lie. But you already knew that.
 




 May Texas go Blue sooner rather than later. 




  Personally.... I would want the chance to live.

You'd never have known the difference.

Call me crazy for being pro life.

And you'd probably think crazy those who view "life" as more of a non-commutable sentence of unceasing suffering ending in inevitable death than as a "gift" or a "blessing."
 




 In other news, Ben Carson won a straw poll. 




 We all know this has nothing to do with "safety."

Oral surgery has a greater complication rate than surgical abortion. Yet somehow these restrictions weren't placed on oral surgeons (or ***ANY*** other outpatient facilities that perform such minor surgeries.) Only women's health clinics were targeted. There's no requirement for double-wide swinging doors to accommodate hospital gurneys in oral surgery facilities, for example, nor will there ever be.

This is direct, blatant, selective, and persecutive legislation by the Texas government against women's medical facilities and obstetricians performing federally legal procedures.

How many cases of cervical/uterine/breast cancer will now go undetected because of these regressive laws? How many women will die from ectopic pregnancies because they didn't have access to basic women's health care? How quickly will cases of sexually transmitted diseases expand and multiply because no testing or treatment was available? How many women will lose their only access to affordable birth control?

This entire "But... but... *it's for the womens' safety!*" bit has never been anything but a damnable lie.  




 And then a state-forced three-day waiting period. 




 Still, there are many like him who actually believe such tripe. 




 Is there no end to the Duggary? 




 And we're going in first unless they are halted. 




 "LIBERTY!"^TM strikes again. 




 Ralph Nader was a multiple stroke victim who wasn't even on the ballot in all states, thus making a win *mathematically impossible.*

Nader's vanity campaign didn't draw even 4% in *ANY* state, but still he insisted on campaigning ***almost exclusively*** in swing states where polling was within the margin of error.

Are those facts relevant enough for you? 




 TIL tadpoles are frogs. 




 Multiple stroke victim Nader's hopeless, useless, self-aggrandizing "BOTH SIDES ARE TEH SAME!!1!" vanity/fantasy campaign sentenced America and the world to the hell of Bush/Cheney.

Denying the reality of it doesn't make it go away. 




 Tell that to the hundreds of thousands of Iraqi citizens who were Naderized. 




 But... but... *life begins at conception!*

/s 




 The parasite attaches to the uterine wall. Were you by any chance home-schooled? 




 If you want to be surrounded by sycophants, go to freerepublic, fox, redstate, or breitbart.

I'm sorry this forum doesn't regurgitate your worldview for you. The lack of affirmation is clearly very troublesome to your psyche. 




 Well, if it's a *legitimate* rape... 




 I guess the woman's body just has a way of shutting that whole thing down. 




 It's simple: the forced-birthers clearly don't give a damn about either mother or child after launch. Can anyone realistically argue otherwise, given their constant, consistent contempt for any/all programs to assist these post-fetal Americans?

Nope. Almost instantaneously, the women and their newborns become "welfare queens" and "welfare brats" (who don't even deserve enough in SNAP assistance to keep them alive.)

The fetus fetishists certainly don't give a shit about "honoring a Culture of Life" after launch, do they? Hiding hatred of women behind a cloak of "morality" is the exquisitely cruel SOP of the American Right.  




 concern troll is concerned 




 Based on his facial expressions, I'd wager it's up there a lot of the time already. 




 And its first birthday party at the age of three months! 




  I don't personally believe first trimester is murder, but they do

Do they really believe that? They *say* they do, but I don't think they really do. 

It's just a convenient way to justify their regressive politics, as they know they can't say publicly what they *really* feel about women. 




 At least he'll be able to perform exorcisms on his fellow inmates. 




 Right-wing extremists just can't kick their craving for Koch. 




 Yet more contempt for women from the American Right. 









 So Rand Paul has moved from plagiarism to straight-out fabrication? 




 As if the Republicans will give a shit. 




 No one cares what Rand Paul thinks about anything. 




 If it weren't for guns and fetuses, what would Republicans obsess over? 




 Walker is not pro life. He is pro birth.

Walker is "forced birth." 




  a mostly form child 

How is babby formed?
 




 How is a parasite an "unborn baby"?

Thanks for playing, Mr. Wizard. 




 What accounts for the strange, obsessive fascination that Republicans/the American Right has with lady-parts? 




 Privatize the profits, socialize the losses!

 




 Rand Pau's son William gets to assault flight attendants and get into drunken crashes. 




 it all goes back to that time as a kid when he was beaten senseless with a pool noodle 




 if accuracy is the goal, yes, absolutely. 




 orchestral manuvres in the park 




 That somersault was worthy of a Bundy Ranch "tacticool" wanna-be. 




  the man that reached into his waste band

ew

 




 in case of general discharge, see a doctor 




 The somersault was Reno 911-worthy. 




  I obey badgers.

BUILD US A DAM

 




 all because grover's dad stole his ice cream... 




 This is "LIBERTY!"^TM and "FREEDOM!"^TM Koch Brothers style. 




 Oh look... a one day-old, -100 account. 




 It's a food product, essentially. 




 It's almost like that time Cincinnati was bombed with turkeys. 




 Nader needs to become a "shutthefuckupandgoaway"-ist. 




 I wonder what Bob Dole thinks about all of these goings-on in Kansas? 




 *This Governorship sponsored by Kansas-based Koch Industries* 




 When you shoot with Cruz you lose! 




 Because the potential for comedy is enormous? 




 Based on their actions, the American Right believes psychopathy is a virtue. 









 Good. Someone needs to fight the GOP scammers and fraudsters. 




 How many of them are running now? 




 Why would Hillary ever debase herself so? 




 By being hateful, judgmental toolbags? 




 Fox News: Where you'll believe whatever the fuck we say! 




 Right-wing domestic terrorists.  




 It's amazing to me how the American Right defends the Duggary. 




 But ... but ... DELEGATES!

How else will they get to PaulFest? 




 When will this vulgar, vulgar woman go away? 




 *Shamu's Secret Shame* 




 ABC has, but the title over there precludes the rules of submission for this subreddit. 









 Oh so "pro-life." 




 Shitty website is shitty. Zerohedge is a joke.

It's big among the Ron Paul/Mises/Rothbard/Rockwell crowd. 




 "zerohedge" haha 




 Rand wasn't able to "defeat the American Machine" because his drunken son crashed it into a parked car. 




 The Hastert Rule: 18 year-olds might as well be Senior Citizens. 




 What is it with these right-wingers and their Duggaring of children? 




  Why do Republicans need to attack any of our universities?

Because an educated populace is the American Right's natural enemy.

 




 Republicans are authoritarians, despite all the "FREEDOM!"^TM AND "LIBERTY!"^TM bullshit.

They only hate the "damn Gub'mint" when they are not in complete control of it. 




 "Please remember to spay or neuter your Duggars." 




 Josh Duggar was 15 when he started Duggaring his 5-year-old sister.

Stop making excuses for him. 




 or protecting the family's income stream. 




 I think those are his protective Bears. 




 Holy crap 




 I wonder if a properly-certified ophthalmologist could help Rand correct his "dark vision"? 




 When will Kansas wake? 




 A warning to all Republicans on the clown car: if Josh Duggar asks you to sit on his lap so he can tell you a story, ***don't do it.*** 




 The information needs to be out there showing that the family cared more about the image of the family than the actual family members.

Even more basic: they cared about preserving their revenue stream. 




 Again, this perpetuates the American Right's oft-spread *"Social Security is going bankrupt!1!11!one!!1!"* lie.

Let's be clear: the Right's goal is to undo the 20th century and return us to the late 19th century, the age of the Robber Barons. That's not a future to which any nation should aspire. 




  maple syrup molesting racist

I don't think I've ever heard this particular allegation leveled. It sounds like a sticky situation. Any details?

 




 Do they really have a choice? Are they willing to risk exile from the family, having had no real education, out into a world from which they've been deliberately sheltered for their entire lives? How would they support themselves? Where would they go?

"She who troubleth her own house shall inherit the wind." 




  received professional counseling.

I'll bet it was some hokey pseudo-Christian "pray away your brother's play" outfit.

 




 He was helping them keep their quivers full. 




 I think people like to stand behind the Duggars because it helps prevent them from being Duggared themselves. 




 Rand tried to "defeat the Washington machine," but before he had a chance his son William got drunk and crashed it. 




 Megan Kelly's opening question: "Jim Bob, Michelle  how are you dealing with the liberal media's savage, relentless attacks on your family?" 




 It's really scary how Duggar fans are all over the Internet trying to explain away Josh's actions. 




 They study it out and train them up!

(Blanket not optional.) 




  who later claimed homosexuality leads to pedophilia.

Since by that time he certainly knew he was engaging in pedophilia with his sisters, I wonder if this "homosexuality leads to pedophilia" belief is an implied confession to Duggaring his brothers, too?

This case gets stranger each day.


 




 Multigenerational Duggary? 




  And they did talk to a cop about it.

Yeeaaaah, about that cop... he was a family friend who is now serving a 50+ year sentence for collecting/distributing child porn.

It really astounds me the lengths to which people will go to continue defending the Duggary...



 




 #***SOCIALISTS!!!1!11!*** 




 Ask the Duggars what's wrong with *them.* 




 The Duggary apologists sicken me. 




 Josh's sisters sure didn't.

 




 Ugh, quite the contrary. 




 Yet more Duggary unveiled. 




 or excitement 




 The report details that Josh went from sister to sister, stating, Apparently all of the girls were sleeping in a common room at this time.

Imagine those poor Duggar girls lying there awake while they pretended to be asleep, waiting their "turn," powerless to stop their brother Josh from molesting their sisters right in front of the others, wondering what age he'd start on the next one, knowing that they were going to be the next one forced to lift their wrinkled nightshirt so Josh could poke and probe and prod and squeeze wherever he pleased with his sweaty, trembling fingers  

 and all the time knowing that ***it must all be hidden***, first, to protect the family, second because they were allowed no contact with those outside the sect, and third because no one would ever believe them anyway, instead calling them temptresses and liars and sluts and whores who had brought utter disgrace to the family and destroyed the family's means of support with their foul lies . . .  




 The "stern lecture" family friend-cop Jim Bob and Josh talked to years after the Duggary occurred is now in prison himself, serving 50+ years for possession/distribution of child porn.

Model citizens. 




 I thought JimBob said God's law was greater than the law of man.

Well, it's different if you really, really, *really* want to bone your sisters. 




 Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar just told their daughters to pray Josh's play away. 




 FADE IN

*[Duggar Family gathers around dining table and all sit. Joe Bob begins to say grace, but his oldest son Josh Duggar interrupts him.]*

JOSH:  Dad, I'm your son. There's something you need to know. I'm a Duggar. 
And, boy I really dug her  and her, her, her, and her, too!" 

*[points to various siblings around table]*

[cut to zoom-in on Joe Bob Duggar's face, a "Home Alone"-like reaction of shock and surprise.]

*[Boingy Spring SFX, followed by Sad Trombone]*

END SCENE 




 Ooh, ooh, a "very dark plan!"

Please share the details. 




 What is, as you call it, the "transgender agenda"? 




 Ron Paul fears a lot of things. 




 And? 




 Does he also believe in the freedom to drive drunk?

Rand's son William Paul sure does. Also, there's his freedom to assault flight attendants. 




 **"I have heard of many tragic cases of walking, talking normal children who wound up with profound mental disorders after vaccines."**   *** Rand Paul***  




 Don't forget "LIBERTY!"^TM
 




 And many acts of Duggary were committed! 




 Yes, I bet Josh Duggar's sides hurt from laughing.

The sister-victims Josh diddled? Not so much. 




  The European states are also much smaller geographically, much smaller in population, and much more homogenous ethnically and linguistically.

This is one of the most trusty dog-whistles of the American Right. Translated, it means "what works quite well over there won't work at all over here, because minorities."

At least be honest about the use of the statement.
 




 "I'm sorry, the card says 'Moops.'" 




 There really is no "left" in America.

The US political spectrum runs from right-wing through extremely right-wing to *insanely* right-wing. 




 What will the Republicans do when they run out of "Culture War" rage wedge issues? 




 No. That's why we all know Rand's stunts are nothing but prelude to setting up a string of MONEYBOMBS! over the next 1.5 years.

His grifter Dad Ron Paul taught him well. 




 AMA Request: Josh Duggar 




 How would the Cliven Bundy Militia have reacted if Cliven Bundy had instead received the [Eric Garner treatment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-xHqf1BVE4) ? 




 I'm pleased I was able to enhance your state of self-realization this day. Go forth, my son. 




 Nope. The Kermit Gosnell case is a perfect example of Libertarian ethics at work. 




 Bundy has also said on many, many occasions that he "doesn't recognize the Federal Government as even existing."

He's not a folk hero, and this isn't some "principled stand."  




 Ask the Duggars. 




 I hope they're just nodding along while their husbands spout Fox/AM bullshit, but listen to their own hearts and consciences when alone in the ballot box. 




 Is this the Kochs' *ALEC* unit at work again? 




 He wrote a *very* strongly-worded letter, he'll have you know. 




 An update on Sean Hannity's former best buddy. 









 *Amazing* article here on the Bundy Ranch/Las Vegas "Don't Tread On Me!" killers.

[The Chilling Anti-Government, Cliven Bundy-Loving Facebook Posts of the Alleged Las Vegas Shooters:
Jerad and Amanda Miller's Facebook and YouTube likes included the NRA, Rand Paul, FreedomWorks, and other right-wing championsand videos justifying the killing of police officers.](http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2014/06/jerad-amanda-miller-las-vegas-shooting-cliven-bundy-anti-government) 




  I have never and will never apologize for voting for Nader.

Hundreds of thousands in Iraq and Afghanistan commend you for standing by your principles. 

 
























 Some outlaw wanted to live out his Wild West gun-boi fantasies, and he wound up getting his fondest wish.
 




 Because ***the black helicopters are coming!!1!!one!!1!*** 




 How else can they keep the abortion issue alive?

Republicans fear nothing more than losing their #1 wedge issue.

They know they can't run on their 30+ years of failed "trickle-down economics." They need a rage issue to continue to divide people, and abortion is their huckleberry. 




 They just wanted to talk to her about Liberty. 




 But why? Why must we kiss the corporations' asses day in and day out to hold the country together, or so we've been taught?

Isn't the burden of proof on them to show it *isn't* a dangerous practice?

I think the Founding Fathers would puke themselves inside out if they could see how Americans cringe and grovel on their knees before the throne of today's new Monarchy of Profiteers.  




 Shouldn't We the People know what is being injected into our land? Don't we have a right to know? Are we scared of hurting the poor -widdle-petroleum-cortorations-fee-fees?

Or do private profiteers "trade secrets" take precedence over our safety? "What they don't know won't hurt 'em!," right? 




 [The Only Moral Abortion is My Abortion.](http://www.prochoiceactionnetwork-canada.org/articles/anti-tales.shtml) 




  Because i've been around it for the last 2 years and know what i'm talking about.

Translation:"My paycheck depends on defending fracking."

 




 Why won't the industry disclose what's in the fracking fluid? 




 This, much like Bruce Springsteen's *Born In the USA,* again proves that Republicans should actually ***READ THE LYRICS*** to the songs they misappropriate for their jingoistic rallies.

"Rockin' In The Free World" by Neil Young

There's colors on the street

Red, white and blue

People shufflin' their feet

People sleepin' in their shoes

But there's a warnin' sign

on the road ahead

There's a lot of people sayin'

we'd be better off dead

Don't feel like Satan,

but I am to them

So I try to forget it,

any way I can.


Keep on rockin' in the free world,

Keep on rockin' in the free world

Keep on rockin' in the free world,

Keep on rockin' in the free world.


I see a woman in the night

With a baby in her hand

Under an old street light

Near a garbage can

Now she puts the kid away,

and she's gone to get a hit

She hates her life,

and what she's done to it

There's one more kid
that will never go to school

Never get to fall in love,

never get to be cool.


Keep on rockin' in the free world,

Keep on rockin' in the free world

Keep on rockin' in the free world,

Keep on rockin' in the free world.



We got a thousand points of light

For the homeless man

We got a kinder, gentler,

Machine gun hand

We got department stores

and toilet paper

Got styrofoam boxes

for the ozone layer

Got a man of the people,

says keep hope alive

Got fuel to burn,

got roads to drive.


Keep on rockin' in the free world,

Keep on rockin' in the free world

Keep on rockin' in the free world,

Keep on rockin' in the free world. 




 What a foul desecration of an amazing song. 









 So some outlaw wanted to live out his Wild West gun-boi fantasies, and he wound up getting his fondest wish.

What's the issue?

 




 I've been continually amazed how many American Catholics worshipped Benedict and despise Pope Francis.

American Catholicism needs to free itself from its poisonous alliance with American Evangelical Fundamentalism. 




 Christian Nationalism been the unidentified elephant in the room of American Politics for nearly four decades now.



 




 The American Right doesn't give a damn about children, especially once they arrive.

But relentless exploitation of the ***"ZOMG ABORTION!!1!"*** issue sure is a useful tool to manipulate the votes of Christian Nationalists. Anti-abortion hysteria gets many Americans to vote in complete opposition to both their own interests and the best interests of the country.

Does anyone actually believe the Republicans want to lose their favorite wedge issue?

That's why today's Republicans will ***never*** allow abortion to be banned in America. The abortion "debate" brings the American Right Wing too many votes.


 




 If there's one thing that defines Christian Nationalists like Santorum, it's pride in their own ignorance. 




 Sounds like another act of Duggary. 




 But... but... he heard it on AM radio! 




 Oh, Cliven. 









 When has consistency or reason ever been applicable to the politics of Christian Nationalist Republicans? 




 True. It runs about 17%-20% and is already calculated into the purchase price of goods.

It confuses the hell out of Europeans when they come here and an item marked at $5.00 is suddenly $5.45. 




 Kansas: the Kochbertarian Paradise! 




 He lives in the Republic of TeaBaggia. 




 Translation: "We were scared to death of political repercussions from the Christian Nationalist zealots of Colorado Springs, but it looks like the coast is clear now." 




 "In fact, I would gladly give him my last bottle of water." 




 Do you have enough jerky stored away in your Revolution bunker? Maybe you should go check. 




 Clearly it's because they love "LIBERTY!!!1!"^TM 




 Another fine representative of "the Party of Personal Responsibility." 




 America deserves better than a third Bush disaster. 




 Sorry, NC. You can't use the force of the State to subject women to ultrasonic dildo rape. 









 Why do people still fall for it?

Sometimes, I almost believe there's a subset of poor Republican voters that just flat-out enjoy the continued degradation and the humiliation.

Even today, the sharecropper still forced to lick the boot of Master still fancies himself higher than a slave. For some people and some voters, maybe that's enough in life.

Nonetheless it seems clear that this pathogenic belief is some foolishly clung-to remnant from the psychology of the European peasantry of centuries ago along with their love/worship of the very hereditary Monarchs that oppressed them so relentlessly. That attitude was transferred to America in the form of the class and caste structure of Antebellum South, and we fought a war that killed 740,000 of us to free ourselves of that remaining horcrux of the Monarchy, the landed gentry of the Plantation Class of the Old South. America all but destroyed itself to liberate itself from that deep-rooted poison.

150 years later, I see little difference in how so many still vote in complete opposition to their interests and that of the nation. It's not "the Gub'mint" that's the threat to our Nation; in fact, "the damn Gub'mint" is the only thing standing between the relentless privateers of capital and commerce who seek to own all for themselves and their families at the expense of all others living in unending servitude to our new Monarchs, the Monarchs of Capital.

So those who who join militias with the intent of "restorin' the Constitution" and "fightin' for our Liberty" should not be at all surprised when they wake one day to find they fought in "the Great Struggle" just to make a Koch their King.*

American stubbornness is not a virtue when it is so relentlessly self-destructive.

*See Libertarian Adam Kokesh's call for "the Final American Revolution" on July 4 a couple years back, or the continued self-delusions of the Sovereign Citizen/Bundy Ranch Milita zealots who fantasize themselves "Patriots." 




 "Why did non-wealthy American voters keep falling for it?" This is the question political historians of the future will ask.

How did the United States  a nation that survived the Age of the Robber Barons, the Great Wall Street Crash of 1929 with its ensuing Great Depression, and the Financial Meltdown of 2008 and its ensuing Great Recession  not learn the lessons repeated again and again within each circumstance?

Hell, let's pre-empt the political historians of the future. I'll ask the question now: "Why do non-wealthy Americans (and in many cases, dirt-poor Americans) keep falling for it?" 




 Republicans have been playing the "the liberal media are persecuting us!!1!" myth-lie ever since Nixon introduced it in his "Checkers" speech.

[Here's the "Checkers" speech on YouTube.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EqjwBDH-vhY) Give it a listen and hear how Nixon whines and whines and whines about persecution just like the Republicans, Libertarians, and Republitarians today.

Highlights: when Nixon complains that (unlike liberals' wives) his wife Pat Nixon doesn't wear a fur coat, but a "respectable, *Republican* cloth coat" and also invokes the namesake cocker spaniel "Checkers" and how "we're never going to give her back, no matter what *they* say.

It's a masterpiece of self-pitying whining that the Republicans have looked to for inspiration for over 60 years now. Watch it -- it's really worth your time.  




 Ellis! 




 The Kochs' father was a founding member of the John Birch Society. 




  fuck that entire family.

That will just make more of them.
 




 Are there *still* Americans nave enough to consider tripling-down on the failed Bush Family?

On second thought, don't answer that. :/ 




 Josh Duggar? 




 Poe's Law, or RWNJ? 




 Luxury! In LibertyWorld, she'd also have been charged with bleeding on the tracks. 




 The Iowa GOP straw poll was doomed the moment the 2012 vote-buying schemes of Ron Paul and Michele Bachmann came to light. 




 The multigenerational self-delusion continues; the resentment poisons us to this day.


 




 That's been a struggle in society since there has been society: mutual suspicion and resentment between urbanites and rural residents.

This has to end. Our lives are all intertwined and interdependent. We must acknowledge this if we are to have a chance at taming those who profit from the exploitation of each of us against the other.

 




  Hahaha, this guy doesn't know Republicans. They will just double-down on the stupid, blame Obama or the nearest Democrat, and profit.

I still can't understand why  is it simply spite on the part of these lock-step voters? If they can't have control, they'd prefer to run the ship aground for all of us?

Why is it that these self-declared "Patriots" and flag-worshippers, America's *de facto* Nationalist party, seem so hellbent on burning our nation to the ground?

Republicans, Libertarians, Republitarians of Reddit: what's the motivation here? What's your endgame? 




 Stopping Reconstruction (at the demand of the South) was even worse.

The War to Preserve Slavery that the poor white sharecroppers were sent to fight killed 750,000 Americans, all for a cause that was already doomed years before the Confederates fired the first shot.

The descendants of these same poor white sharecroppers have misdirected their contempt at Washington DC ever since. It's probably just too painful for many of them to look in their own backyard and realize that they destroyed themselves to keep the Plantation Owner class in power (even a century-and-a-half later after it spat out their dead and broken bodies on that Fool's Errand.)

As always, war is a rich man's quarrels via the suffering and death of the poor, who are sent to fight the battles. 




 It's abortion, the gays, and violent video games. 




 Another "tacticool" weapons fetishist. 




 Luntz' evil genius. 




 Or Moderators decide to declare it "Not US Politics," Off-Topic," or "Rehosted Content."

Somehow, *Breitbart*, *CNS*, and *WND* are just fine, but *Salon*, *MediaMatters*, and *Talking Points Memo* suffer under de facto censorship.

That's information that you and I aren't allowed to see, thanks to the intervention of self-appointed Censorship Mods who act in complete opposition to the Reddit creed of "user-driven, user-curated content." 




 Yeah, the whole Lawrence crowd has been starstruck since *The Day After.* 




 So you'll vote out of spiteful opposition at a random anonymous person "smug"?

That's sure giving a lot of power to the "smug" person over your life.

Why cut off your own nose to spite someone who you don't know and will never meet? Seems pretty self-destructive. 




 The GOP is utterly and evilly brilliant at exploiting wedge issues to get Americans to vote against themselves. 




 He's speaking of restaurant chain/fast food chain workers. 




 Hey, those "Small Business Owners"^TM and "Job Creators"^TM will spare no expense to serve their customers! 




 And then the very same scamsters rushed back in and bought those same properties for pennies on the dollar.

Uncontrolled capitalism is far more dangerous than any monarchy. That's the great irony of the United States: having been founded as an independent nation in opposition to the very concept of Monarchy, we now live on our knees before our new Monarchs: the Titans of Capital.

 




  As someone who grew up in one of those "Christian" churches, I can attest that they hate democrats as much as they hate black people, women, and homosexuals.

But why? I'm continually baffled by this.

From whence does that virulent hatred come, and when did it start? Are they still sore over the Civil Rights movement? The New Deal? Richard Nixon's cocker spaniel?

Is their compulsion to inflict their destructive spite against their fellow Americans so great that they are oblivious to the grievous damage they inflict upon themselves? And if so, how can they *possibly* claim to be "followers of Christ?"

Maybe the Evangelical Protestants simply *believe* they're following Christ when they've fallen prey to a scam by "the Great Deceiver." Given the aura of hate, fear, divisiveness and greed that right wing politics has promulgated in America in the last hundred years under the cloak of "morality," it's an idea that merits consideration. 




  The people doing the tax cuts, aren't the people feeling their ramifications.

The ultimate question: why do so many of the people who suffer the worst under the Republican's trickle-down economics so readily and zealously lick the boots of those forcing the suffering upon them?

Yet more confusing: how/why do the poor boot-lickers getting stomped the worst insist that they are "the freest people on Earth"? 




  The working class became the working poor and we are all in debt the ultra rich. That doesn't spell prosperity to me.

It does to the Kochs and their ilk, who bestow names such as "Americans For Prosperity"^TM on their Astroturf front groups.
 




 *tap tap tap* 




 I wonder how Bob Dole feels about what Brownback is doing to his home state. 




   How to destroy a country, one State at a time.

Koch-onomics!

 




 Explanation: "It allows us to scam votes." 




 Sorry, Bernie would never never have anything to do with right-wing extremist charlatans like the Pauls.

Conversely, the kind of people who worship the Pauls (White Supremacists, Neo-Confederates, Militia wannabes, and conspiracy theorists) would never have anything to do with Bernie. 




 But... but... what about the JOB CREATORS!^TM ??? 




 There isn't any such thing as a "moderate Republican" anymore. 




 How has the American economic abortion known as "trickle-down Reaganomics" continued to hold sway with so many for so long? 




 ZOMG teh TYRANNI!!1!! WE needz teh "LIBERTEH!!1!"^TM

[Send me your worthless fiat currency and I'll send you a newsletter 'splainin' it all!] 




 "Social Justice Warrior" is the new "statist;" everyone that uses the thinks they're brilliant, insightful, and "in the know," but everyone who hears it is laughing their asses off whilst rolling their eyes.

Yes, Libertarians and Republitarians, this means you. 




 Rasmussen, haha!

might as well go back to citing "unskewedpolls.com" as proof that Romney was going to sweep in 2012 




 Who should we call if the government is infested with Southern Avengers? 




 Well, it's not a *completely* lost cause.

After all, Rand can keep fleecing the rubes that fell for his dad Ron Paul's "LIBERTY!!1!"^TM schtick in 2008 and 2012! 




 Well, after Rand's dad Ron Paul quit his 2008 campaign, he threw his support for president to Dominionist preacher Chuck Baldwin of the Constitution Party.

Maybe Chuck will return the favor by nominating Rand for his VP this time around? 




 He's going to fleece paranoid right-wing rubes, just like Dear Old Dad trained him. 




 He's yet worse  a Republitarian. 




 The mouldering corpse of Murray Rothbard. 




 I nominate Rand Paul's son William Paul as his chauffeur.

William Paul is also well-versed in how to handle flight attendants should they get a little mouthy and/or cut off his drink service.
 




 What's controversial about Lew Rockwell? 




 Sy Sperling! 




 Adam Kokesh. 




 Lew Rockwell. 




 Also, while we're at it, get rid of the bogus "Not US Politics" and fabricated "Rehosted Content" lies that have been used to censor our community for the past two years.

Reddit is meant to be ***USER***-driven and ***USER***-curated; *NOT* ***MOD-DICTATED*** or ***MOD-CENSORED.*** 




 How about you guys stop censoring us with the bogus "Off-Topic" and "Rehosted Content" lies? 

You guys don't have to answer to the Gunbertarian-Authoritarian censors anymore. Why mimic their old patterns of systematic censorship?  




 It's one of the favorite tools of the Censorship Mods, though they don't pull it nearly as frequently now that the Gunbertarian Mods who seized power a couple of years back have been forced into exile.

It's generally used to kill content they deem "liberal." The "Rehosted Content" lie is another favorite excuse to censor our community. 




 Oh look! The Censorship Mods have hit us with the "Off-Topic" lie again.

I guess that leaves little hope they'll do away with the "Rehosted Content" lie they invented to auto-censor submissions from Salon, MediaMatters, and Talking Points Memo, is there?  




 And I *did* realize I was dealing with a Tea-Gargler. Bye! 




 HARHARHAR DAE SOROS FOX NEWS RULZZ!!1! 




 "Screwing the poor harder shall surely make us all rich!"

  your average RWNJ nose-cutting face-spiter. 




 Or maybe it's because his Dad Ron Paul and Michele Bachmann were both involved in cutting Iowa straw poll payola checks to create a false illusion of support outside their circle of RWNJ loonies. 




 He knows how hard it is to put food on your family. 




 Scott Walker is in Wisconsin, not Michigan. Nice RWNJ dodge, though. 




 The battle Scott Walker *should* be fighting: getting the Kochs' balls out of his mouth. 




 Why do so many of the Tea-Gargling Militia "Patriots" seem to head to Wal-Marts when it's time for their "Last Stand"?

Another fine example here:

[The Chilling Anti-Government, Cliven Bundy-Loving Facebook Posts of the Alleged Las Vegas Shooters: Jerad and Amanda Miller's Facebook and YouTube likes included the NRA, Rand Paul, FreedomWorks, and other right-wing championsand videos justifying the killing of police officers.](http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2014/06/jerad-amanda-miller-las-vegas-shooting-cliven-bundy-anti-government)
 




 "Sovereign Citizens" are nothing less than domestic terrorists.

See Oklahoma City and the Cliven Bundy "Patriots." 




 This is what happens when you drink the Tea.

Don't Drink the Tea. 




 "...if you're looking to rile up a crowd of angry, ignorant Tea-Garglers." 




  From the ancient Greeks we know that you can't step into the same stream twice

Try explaining that to the poor fools who still fall for "trickle-down" Reaganomics.

 




 Something in the way she moves 




 North Korean hotel fire is Best Korean hotel fire! 




  I fail to see how the closer you get to libertarian types you get more lemmings.

This is what's known as "tragic irony." 
 




 Why are they called Teabaggers?

[Example One.](http://mugsysrapsheet.com/4blog/teabagger_costume06.jpg)

[Example Two.](http://i1.wp.com/pleasecutthecrap.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/teabagger.jpg?fit=848%2C1024)

[Example Three.](http://i1.wp.com/samuel-warde.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/teabagger1.jpg) 




 More accurately:  they believe whatever the Kochs (who founded and funded this phony Astroturf "movement") tell them to think. 




 Or elected Governor. 




 No doubt this character will start a "GoFundMe" to score some Wingnut Welfare.

"I'm a good, God-fearing American persecuted by the damn liberals fixin' to ruin what's left of this country. Send me money!" 




 -- Spock 




 Just wait until the Koch moola starts to hit. 




 And the Ron Paul campaign's Kent Sorenson payola scandal. 




 And somehow (I *promise* you) it will all be explained away with some derivative of the eternal "it's those damn liberals trying to tear a good man down" meme. 




 try /r/MRApersecutionfantasies 




 "Domestic disturbances" are the type of call where responding policemen are most likely to be shot dead. 




  What if people named "Jim" violate my religious beliefs?

Then you would not be a fan of St. James.

 




 Does this mean that we won't let fundamentalist snake-handlers dictate public policy anymore? 




 She isn't always right.

She'll be right exponentially more often than any remaining Reagan/Bush/Cheney "Supply-Side" cultists out there.  




 "Look, sir  droids!" 




 So they can spot each other easily while hunting womp rats. 




 The Empire's been cutting costs. No more reimbursements for dry cleaning. 




 Or maybe they just overstressed the binary load lifters 




 She really pissed them off when (as an act of self-defense) she threw her Tattooine VitaMix Boiler at them. 




  So it's illegal to be a meteorologist in Wyoming?

There's really no point anymore because HAARP.

 




 America's been taken hostage by right-wing extremists, and many voters suffer from Stockholm Syndrome. 




 Science is just for Damn Commies anyhow. 




 Most Americans have little vacation, and what little we do doesn't afford most Americans the ability to ever travel overseas (to say nothing of the expense of international travel.)

We're a perfect little prison colony of compliant slaves, if only because we've never known anything else. America's permanent leisure class intends to keep it that way. 




 I've never understood why Americans scream so much about how the US is the only place on Earth that has "FREEDOM!"^TM even as we let the permanent leisure class rape any remaining human will out of us. 




 Also, does anyone else remember when California bars and restaurants argued "ZOMG teh bans on teh indoor smoking will utterly destroy us and kill ***ALL*** teh buzinezzez!!1!"

That was over two decades ago. Shockingly, California still has bars and restaurants. 




  we would most likely see a hefty dip in the stock market.

ZOMG we couldn't *possibly* dare to trouble the passive, profit-harvesting investor class, could we? We must work and work and work for them until all those who seek their profits from the exploitation of the labor of others feel that they *finally* have enough to achieve personal satisfaction.
 




  The fact that I KNOW the GOP will be against this makes me feel like I live in bizarro world. You'd think everyone would be okay with this.

It's truly startling how many Americans vote in complete opposition to their own interests.

The Kochs and their leisure-class cronies make no such foolish mistakes. In fact, they fund disinformation campaigns specifically designed to keep Americans from voting in their own interests.
 




 This is why it's so important for the many negative-knowledge voters who currently vote Republican/Republitarian to begin voting in the interests of themselves, their families, and the nation instead of for the sole benefit of their leisure-class Masters.

America's extremist, regressive right-wing must be brought to heel lest America return to the horrors of Victorian-Era economics. 




 Much of the South (and Americans in general) just can't seem to escape their "there are Lords (us), and there are Peasants (everyone else) who just won't learn their proper place" economic worldview.

Such belligerence, arrogance, and greed caused the Plantation Lords of the Old South to launch what remains the bloodiest war in American history, in which over 700,000 Americans were killed.

The sad thing is that so many of the poor, undereducated sharecroppers who are inevitably sent to fight and die for the Master Class will *still* defend those Masters to the death and call their devotion "Patriotism." It's almost as if they have been conditioned to expect and enjoy their own exploitation.

*Maybe* someday they'll snap out of it and actually begin to vote and work in the best interests of themselves and our nation, rather then spending their lives on their knees cringing before the Bossman  but American history teaches us to temper any such expectations.
 



 




  According to one survey

CATO or Heritage Foundation?
 




 And just look at the fight we had to put up against the Republicans for even that simple accommodation way back in the Clinton Era.

"Pro-Family/Party of Family Values" my ass. 




 Please go into as much detail as possible. What would you see as the positives of such an abortion ban? Would there be any negatives? 




 Yes, that's what's makes it all the more frightening.

Nationalistic fringes bent on moral crusades will self-justify any behavior to reach their goal.

An excellent novel that addresses similar issues is Margaret Atwood's *The Handmaid's Tale.* 

 




 More Republican pandering to their right-wing fringe.

Kowtowing to such extremists rarely ends well. 




 With nasty, big, pointy teeth! 




 There's a lot of rumbling, grumbling, and chest-puffing coming from the White Nationalist/Neo-Confederate/Gun-bertarian Militias in recent times.

I wouldn't be surprised at all if these groups have seen an uptick in recruitment due to the "ZOMG JADE HELM 15!!!1!" paranoia they've managed to promulgate on the Internet. 




 Agreed, but Rand would never chance his toupe flying off on camera.   




 Is mocking Rand's drunken, car-crashing, flight attendant-assaulting son William Paul OK? 




  What happened at Digg that was so awful?

[The Digg Patriots.](http://pubrecord.org/special-to-the-public-record/8121/rigging-of-digg-covert-mob-conservatives/)
 




 ***STATES' RIGHTS!!1!*** (to polio) 




 **"I have heard of many tragic cases of walking, talking normal children who wound up with profound mental disorders after vaccines"**

***Rand Paul***

Also, "Universal health care is slavery!" and co-authoring Tea Party screeds with the "Southern Avenger." 




 This is hardly a new observation.

Why does Rand deserve any credit for that most other sentient political observers have noted for years? 
























  To call it a terrorist flag is a bit of a stretch.

Not really. The KKK has always been quite fond of it, and remains so along with most other "White Power" groups.


 




 As well they should. It's the flag of traitors and domestic terrorists. 









 I's say what is "entirely stupid" is running around waving Confederate/KKK flags as if it's something of which to be proud, rather than ashamed. 




 It will be fun watching these various Republican candidates (who so frequently and proudly dub themselves as members of "the Party of Lincoln") navigate this one. 









 They were sent to die to protect the interests of the permanent leisure class of their day: the Plantation Owners.

Most of them were poor sharecroppers living on the Plantation Owners' land, and didn't have a choice. They were conscripted to preserve the economic interests of their Masters, who owned these poor whites nearly as completely as they did their African-descended slaves.

The "Southern Pride" meme that has taken root has helped these poor white sharecroppers and their descendants psychologically deal with their exploitation by their own white Masters who used them as cannon fodder to protect their cotton profits.

These poor whites have been angry at precisely the wrong people for over 150 years. 




 That the United States still has a huge Confederate problem. 




 Why do so many Americans cling to the flag of sedition, treason, and human bondage? 









 Being a member of America's Permanent Leisure Class has its perks. 




 Good. It's the flag of traitors to the United States. 




 from Rand's offer letter:

"My Dad taught me how to grift from poor, ignorant people. Will you teach me how to grift from rich, ignorant people?" 




 I'm sure the County Sheriff would have been right on that. 




 Bluntly, anti-intellectualism is in many American political circles *celebrated as a virtue.* 

Rank ignorance used to be seen as something to be ashamed of; now it's often promoted as a badge of honor. 

It's quite clear who this anti-intellectual trend is designed to benefit, financially and politically. 




  de-humanizing people by denying they have any validity as human beings at all

Well, that's what the traitor's flag of the Confederacy stands for, after all.

 




 "Southern Pride" in what? 




 There's a reason it's called the war of Northern Aggression in the south.

It's because the Confederacy got their asses kicked, and still can't get over it. 




 They're more likely to shoot themselves. Another problem solved! 




 Oh, "the North invaded"?

Tell us more, traitor. 




 A bunch of toothless, illiterate assholes will wave their guns around? 




 Shut up, traitor. 




  that flag is affixed to the pole and cannot be lowered.

Then how did it get up there? It can be taken down. Hopefully SC will recognize right and take that traitor's flag down before it's taken down with a flamethrower. 




  I like the Confederate flag as a symbol of the state's past.

How about as a symbol of sedition and treason against the United States, resulting in the death of 740,000 Americans? 

 




 Maybe the federal government should tell South Carolina to "fuck off" when they're sucking on that sweet, sweet federal money tit.

That might get South Carolina's priorities in order. 




  damn it, it's a cool looking flag. 

To whom?

 




 Well, Charleston is "the Cradle of the Confederacy." 




 Because the Confederate assholes just moved it to a new pole. 




 It's not *just* a racist flag. It also represents treason against the United States, cowardice, and poor illiterate sharecroppers being forced to lick the boots of the Plantation Owners. 




 I don't think you understood what I meant by "secret assholes." 




 The killer had a "Confederate States of America" front license plate on his Hyundai. 




 Then why require a supermajority to override the seditious display?

It's because the lousy sons-of-traitors know that their treasonous flag would be gone if put to a fair vote. 




 Confederate-Baggers gotta Bag, I guess. 




 Can it be reached with a flamethrower? 




 It seems there are always lots of "secret assholes" running around among the American Right.

Ted Haggard, Larry Craig, and Dennis Hastert are three that come to mind. 




 Or gets their history from Neo-Confederate revisionists like Ron Paul   Co.

Behold: here's [Ron Paul's *The South Was Right!* speech.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEC68vTQwP8) 




 It wasn't flown there before 1962, so there goes the "heritage" canard.

 




 The American South should have been de-Confederatized, just as the Germans had to be de-Nazified after their similar fool's errand.

Seriously. Rename the streets, take down the Confederate statues. There's no "honor" or "pride" in being traitors to the United States, especially considering that the Confederates started the bloodiest war in American history to protect slavery and the Plantation Owners' Leisure Class. 




 Good. It's the flag of cowards, traitors, slavers, and dirt-poor sharecroppers sent to die for the Plantation Owners' "Lost Cause."

How strange and ironic that so many of the descendants of those very same poor sharecroppers who were sent to die (purely to preserve the Plantation Owners' fortunes) still today wave the Stars-and-Bars as sign of "Honor" and "Pride" rather than of their great-great grandfathers' forced military servitude to the Masters of the Old South. 




 Absolutely, because it is. 




 Why give those swine more money? 




 the murdered minister was a state senator. is that not political enough for you all, or did some reactionary complain? 




 He read it in the *Ron Paul Newsletters.* 




  If anyone is willing to find a way to make these cuts, it's going to be Rand Paul.

Good God, the "LIBERTY!" cranks are still every bit as deluded now as they were with Saint Ron.

 




 Can you name a single leftist idea that has worked as promised in reality?

Vaccinations. Or is catching polio and being confined to an iron lung now defined as "LIBERTY!!1!" ? 




 *This is what Foxtards actually believe* 




 Absolut Paultard. Should we buy gold, too? 




 I wonder if Jesse Ventura will beat Johnson for the Libertarian nod?

Or will the Libertarians go to their "deep bench" of candidates, like 2008 candidate Bob Barr? Or 1988 candidate Ron Paul? 




  Do you seriously believe all of us libertarians are conspiring against the world to raise inequality and enriching 1%? That this is our primary goal? We simply want to screw over the poor?

I believe that middle/lower-caste Libertarians are so goddamned starry-eyed over their greed-driven, bankrupt ideology that they they can't see how they'll be crushed under the wheels of the 0.001% leisure class they live to fellate.

And so we come to the central delusion of Libertarianism: most all Libertarians are so fucking gullible they believe they'll *be* among that 0.001% that calls the shots.

As satisfying as it would be to see all of these "Liberty-Lovers" working on chain gangs at the whim of their newly-installed Masters of Capital, prudence and a love of this nation prevents me from wishing they get a chance to find out how truly, deeply, and disastrously wrong they are.

Beware, Libertarians: *the "poor" you screw will be yourselves.*
 




  And why would anyone want to eliminate all such institutions, leaving only entities that pursue only profit-driven motives?

That's what Libertarians call "LIBERTY!!1!"^TM

 




 A slingshot? 




 I hope you enjoy your life as a serf constantly licking the Kochs' boots! 




 "Well, no *true* flat tax..." 




 You can always tell a Libertarian, Republitarian, or Republican by the way they misuse "bias." 




  I'm not giving credit to Rand here; from what I've read he surrounds himself with some impressive economists and technocrats.

Like "Austrian Economics" loon Lew Rockwell?

 




 This is a well thought out plan to redistribute wealth from the working class to the capitalists. It's what all libertarians want in the end.

And these gullible middle/lower-caste Libertarians never seem to realize that they'll be the first ones thrown under the bus, even after they've worked so hard to give over our the nation to their honored and revered Feudal Lords of Capital. 




 There's a holiday novella by Charles Dickens that you really should read. I think you'd identify quite closely with the protagonist. 




  Why should anyone feel entitled to success? The old saying the world needs ditch diggers rings true.

The hilarious thing is how many Libertarians who think they'll rule the roost "in a *truly* Free Market" will wind up scrubbing toilets to earn enough bread to survive for one more day of toilet-scrubbing.

Libertarians/Republitarians: if we ever get to your fantasized "RandWorld," be sure to wash you hands VERY well before scarfing down the Daily Bread ration your Masters have so graciously afforded you! 




  As an example who would come out of college in a better position, someone whos parents paid full ride and got wasted 5 nights a week, or someone who worked 40 hours or more and paid for their own school and board while building a resume and work ethic? Id vote for the latter.

Are you including inheritance from Daddy?
 




 People patting themselves on the back because they're so smart and talented.

It's a very frequent delusion among Libertarians/Republitarians. 




  Just maybe they're smarter than you, more talented than you or they just flat out worked harder than you.

Or maybe "they" screwed their workers by systematically exploiting their labor to reap egregious personal profit, all while dodging societal responsibilities.
 




 And many of them assume they'll be counted among the "haves" after their glorious revolution, or at least their obedient lapdogs, rather than the miserable masses.

That's what's makes it so funny: so many Libertarian clones with the social skills of Adam Lanza fantasizing that they will be hailed as the natural and rightful leaders and commanders of "GaltWorld."

These maladjusted, self-fantasized "Captains of Industry" would be lucky to get jobs shoveling shit for their new "LIBERTY!!!1"^TM Masters. 




 in the Quicksand 




 Maybe the right-wing apologists are going with the Santorum strategy and pretending he said "I'm here to kill all the blah people." 




 The funny thing about the "Obama didn't call Benghazi a terrorist attack!!1!" Fox-AM meme-lie is that the President ***DID*** identify it as an "act of terror" at a press conference in the Rose Garden *the very morning following the attack.*

That's how Romney got his ass handed to him in the debate: he asserted his Fox News meme-lie on a non-Fox controlled medium. Romney got called out on it, and just stood there like a fool with his ass waving in the breeze.

To this day you'll ***still*** find right-wing mouth-breathers who regurgitate the *"But... but... he never called them terrorists!!!1one!"* lie. 




 [Help help, I'm bein' repressed!](http://25.media.tumblr.com/49c35091e4d9d2716c7d32d7f0328f7a/tumblr_mj88inc4aw1rnzcl1o1_500.gif) 




 Like an "Oops!" kind of "accident," Rick? 




 Why do Confederates always resort to such violent imagery? 




 The flag of cowards, traitors, and slavers "works here"?

I don't think so. 




 Man I really wish we could give them a second shot at the whole seceding from the union thing.

Even if so, they'd be on their knees in Washington DC begging for re-admission within a decade. It might give them the much-needed dose of humility that they failed to learn the first time around.
 




 It's the flag of cowards, traitors, slavers, and sharecroppers sent to die for the Plantation Owners' "Lost Cause."

How strange and ironic that so many of the descendants of those very same poor sharecroppers who were sent to die to preserve the Plantation Owners' fortunes today wave the Stars-and-Bars as sign of "Honor" and "Pride" rather than of their great-great grandfathers' forced military servitude to the Masters of the Old South.
 




 And he's absolutely right.

Let's start calling the perpetrators of such violence what they really are: domestic terrorists. 









 The NRA and its affiliates are now not so much "gun rights" organizations as they are "domestic terrorist" organizations.

Any American with a sense of honor or decency resigned from the NRA a long time ago. If you're still allowing yourself to be a victim of LaPierre and his fellow scamsters, though, it's never too late to repent and resign. Do it today. 




 And the American Right just keeps on trying to make excuses for another of the products of their own propaganda... 




 Rick Perry doesn't just drink the Tea  he gargles it first. 




  There's a good chance that this person is both a racist and a Republican.

I say (in sorrow) that the line dividing the two grows more faint daily. 




 Because the Republican base is full of Dylan Roof's kind, and the Republicans are sure as hell not going to call out their own supporters. 




 Keep on apologizing for right-wing domestic terrorists. You'll go far in life, no doubt. 




 How about Ted Nugent (also an NRA Board Member) who has repeatedly threatened the life of the President and repeatedly called him a "subhuman mongrel"?

You lie down with dogs, you get fleas.

I (along with most other Americans) am sick of right-wing dimwits, domestic terrorists, and their apologists being cut a free pass because of the widespread "they's a-comin' to git mah gunnzzzzz!!1!" delusion. 




 Given all the race-baiting horseshit that Fox and AM radio broadcast daily, quite probably. 




  Who brainwashed this kid and turned him into this monster?

Traitorous Neo-Confederates who still can't get over their ass-whooping, even 150 years later.

 




 The Minister killed was a SC State Senator, for one.

Also, read what the killer shouted while he was perpetrating the crimes. But somehow I think you won't, or will find some way to explain it away if you do. 




  Please give me an example of when a sane person committed a mass murder.

Timothy McVeigh.

 




 Don't forget his "Confederate States of America" front license plate. 




 the extreme left who at every chance rambles incoherently about banning guns

Oh, please. There is no left in America, let alone an "extreme left," and no one want to "ban yer gunzz."

This sham idea is a product of NRA mass mailings designed to separate the gullible and paranoid from their money. It's a shame it continues to work so well for LaPierre and Co.

 




 If there are any honorable members of the NRA left, this is your cue to resign from that fetid organization.
 




  Usually you'll save more lives by engaging the shooter anyway.

Oh look! It's the "I'MMA HERO PATRIOT!!1!" delusional murder-masturbation-fantasy again.

 




 The White Wing of the Right Wing in America is growing ever more dangerous and violent.

Their domestic terrorism must end. 




 Does Jeb Bush feel the same way about Evangelical Protestants? 




 The Gunbertarian Downvote Militia has arrived. Surprised it took them this long. 




 Why would you want to return to the Age of Confederate Traitors? 




 We can't ignore the of White Wing of the Right Wing anymore.

Domestic terrorists.

 




 Why did Ben Carson retire as a brain surgeon? 




 We can't afford to ignore the White Wing of the Right Wing any longer. 




 If you're an NRA member, the only honorable thing to do is resign.

Do it today. 









 If you're an NRA member, the only honorable thing to do is resign.

Do it today. 




 Because he is a terrorist. 

Right-wing domestic terrorism can't be explained away anymore. We continue to do so at our great peril. 




 See above. 




 *A reading from the Newsletters of St. Ron Paul*

Blast 'em?

"If you live in a major city, youve probably already heard about the newest threat to your life and limb, and your family: carjacking.

"It is the hip-hop thing to do among the urban youth who play unsuspecting whites like pianos. The youth simply walk up to a car they like, pull a gun, tell the family to get out, steal their jewelry and wallets, and take the car to wreck. Such actions have ballooned in the recent months.

"In the old days, average people could avoid such youth by staying out of bad neighborhoods. Empowered by media, police, and political complicity, however, the youth now roam everywhere looking for cars to steal and people to rob.

"What can you do? More and more Americans are carrying a gun in the car. An ex-cop I know advises that if you have to use a gun on a youth, you should leave the scene immediately, disposing of the wiped off gun as soon as possible. Such a gun cannot, of course, be registered to you, but one bought privately (through the classifieds, for example).

"I frankly dont know what to make of such advice, but even in my little town of Lake Jackson, Texas, Ive urged everyone in my family to know how to use a gun in self defense. **For the animals are coming.**"

Bold added. View original at https://i.imgur.com/OqxwBaM.jpg 




 or /r/progun 




 Right-wing domestic extremists are the terrorists we need to worry about, especially since so many of them call themselves "Patriots." 




 2-day-old account, -65 karma. 




 Your citations are from all of Europe *over a period of ten years.*

That decade-long list looks about the same as any given two-month period in the United States. 




 Is he kidding?

Paranoia about "gunz and 'bortions" is just about the only reason people vote Republican/Libertarian these days.

This won't play well with his dad Ron's White Nationalist/Neo-Confederate base. 




 So "wnd.com" is allowed in this subreddit, but "salon.com" suffers under  *de facto* censorship?

Must be all that "liberal bias" we keep hearing about. 




 The White Wing of the Right Wing is increasingly dangerous to our nation. 




 Fucking delusional, they are.

I fear that these "Patriot"/tacticool/Militia assholes will soon act out again in a big way, such as Timothy McVeigh did in Oklahoma City. 




 Maybe Sean Hannity could be waterboarded with Kool-Aid (for the troops, of course.)

How many days has it been now? 




 That may not be accurate. For all we know he could have riffed off Rick Santorum and announced "I'm here to shoot blah people." 




 TIL Count Dooku was on drugs. 




 "and minimum wage."

You have this fantasy that eliminating payroll taxes would suddenly motivate the busboy's boss to give said busboy a 15% raise out of the goodness of his heart.

That's a self-evidently nave scenario, but sadly typical of most Libertarians and the economic Fantasyland which they inhabit. 




 Nope, sorry. His boss will keep that for himself. 

It always intrigues me how Libertarians detest the government, yet blindly and navely trust the Ownership Class that treats them ten times worse.

I guess Libertarians don't mind licking boots as long as they are worn by those they worship as "Job Creators."

This is one of many reasons why no one can or should take Libertarians seriously. 




 White Nationalists have long fantasized about a "coming Race War."

There's a RWNJ decades-old race-war novel out there ("The Turner Diaries") that many extremists of the American Right view as a blueprint  (Timothy McVeigh among them.)

Ron Paul's racist 1990s newsletters addressed the  "Race War" topic often.

I fear right-wing domestic terrorists and their sympathizers are growing restless again. Given their self-gratifying "Hero Patriot" fantasies in which they "restore America," we should all be aware of the dangers they may pose. We've seen it boil over before, as in Oklahoma City.

 




 Redrum Springa 




 Surprised it wasn't Doc Martens with red laces. 




 Clearly it's violent video games 




 Eleanor Roosevelt comes to mind. 




 The Kochs have more money than they could ever spend in 10,000 lifetimes of the greatest opulence.

It's control of the entire system they're after, and the power which accompanies it.  




  what would have been implemented under a McCain administration.

Or a Palin Administration.

 




  these people don't care about it because they can afford to: hire their own police/fire dept, pay medical bills, and protect their assets.

See also the rise of gated communities.

 




 Because "LIBERTY!"^TM dies when they can't fly their private jets, anywhere, anytime, and for any reason (up to and including into things/one another.)

 




 David Koch: "I am the Captain now." 




 ["IT'S HAPPENING!"](http://i.imgur.com/7drHiqr.gif) 




 TL;DR:

"I HATES TEH GUB'MINT!!1!" 




 There's a subreddit for people like you.

/r/libertyworldproblems 




  doesn't this brand of libertarianism inevitably lead to some form of feudalism? 

Absolutely, yes. However, most libertarians delude themselves that they will be among the Lords of this new a Monarchy of Capital.

May they never get their wish, and learn how truly, truly wrong they are.
 




 Please tell us all how, as a busboy who "live[s] off tips and make[s] minimum wage," the Kochs' agenda will benefit you.

It would make a great AMA. 




 As it is for most Libertarians, the Age of the Robber Barons is the Kochs' fantasy era. 




 Their father was a founding member of the John Birch Society. 




 TL;DR: even 150 years later, Ron Paul still can't get over it. 




  ~~In~~ Ron Paul [is] ~~'s case, his religious beliefs are~~ irrelevant. ~~because he's firmly against government being used to push any religious ideology.~~

FTFY.
 




 [Ron Paul is a Neo-Confederate, to boot.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEC68vTQwP8)

And don't even get me started on Ron Paul's racist, paranoid newsletters. 




 May God spare us all that horror.

Libertarians are largely paranoid goldbugs who think Reaganomics was weak sauce. 




 The Wal-Marts of today are the FEMA camps of tomorrow!

Think how many helicopters can fit in the parking lot, or on the roof.

*IT'S HAPPENING* 




 Texans must feel very conflicted on this. 




 COLBY, *NOOOOOO!* 




 I hope it's Eleanor Roosevelt. 




 They really are pigs. I don't know how any woman (or any man in his right mind) can vote for them.

The Party of Forced Birth  then complete neglect. 




 [David Koch even minted a gold coin of himself to commemorate his 1980 run on the Libertarian Party's ticket.](http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/david-kochs-got-dime-you)

See the images here.

[Koch Libertarian Gold Coin, Image 1](http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4092/4976596305_a3c1819dd1_z.jpg)

[Koch's Libertarian Gold Coin, Image 2](http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4092/4976596305_a3c1819dd1_z.jpg)

Note the reverse: "One Gold Dime" issued by a mythical "Libertarian Monetary Authority" along with an image of a broken chain under the simple declaration "LIBERTY"

So, let's add "paranoid Goldbugs" to the list of reasons why this family should never, *ever* be allowed near the levers of American governance.

It is ***astounding*** that the story of this [Koch coin](http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/david-kochs-got-dime-you) hasn't received more attention. 




  What do the Koch Brothers want? What do think their end goal is?

A Koch-archy.
 




 Why has Michele Bachmann has been lying so low?

Not a peep from her. 
























 This is without question the right decision...

... but there is a tiny, Grinchy part of me that hates denying the American Right another chance to utterly humiliate themselves. 




 It is *explicitly* about US politics.
 




 A fascinating interview with an expert on the "'Christian Identity' Movement." 









 What am I to do now? 




 I read that every time a bald eagle loses a feather, somewhere in America a gay biker ejaculates all over Chuck Norris' beard. 




 You really have to give the political consultants on Jindal's campaign credit for the timing of this announcement.

The victims of last week's church shooting aren't in the ground yet, the Confederate flag has captured the news cycle this week, and tomorrow is likely to see the release of the Supreme Court's rulings on gay marriage and the ACA. 

And, Jindal announces his run *after* the deadline for tonight's evening news.

Jindal's staff is either timing-impaired or *trying* to bury news of his announcement. What's your guess?  









 Precisely. Example: the Kochs and prostate cancer. 




  But anyone time someone says the word democracy around here, someone has to jump up and say "we're not a democracy, we're a republic". I honestly am not sure where that impulse is coming from

Fox News "journalists" and AM radio talk-show hosts have been pounding that talking point for years.

 




 And now we know why it's impossible to reason with TeaBots: they're so detached from reality that they can't be reached. 




 and yet he'll still wave the flag of the Plantation Owners that sent his great-great-grandpappy to die to protect their cotton profits.



 




 More like Ron Paul. 




 Looks like another MONEYBOMB! stunt. 




 What race has the highest percentage of gun violence?

The poor.

Stop insisting on seeing things on race lines, and instead take a look in economic terms. The *poor* are the most likely to die from gun violence.

Follow this thought through and you'll realize who profits from promoting, exploiting, and continuing such divisions among the impoverished  and why they will give their all to perpetuate these divisions.


 




 White Nationalists/Neo-Confederates/Would-Be Domestic Terrorists: *America is sick of your shit.* Turn back from your rage and hatred before you wind up like these two did.

[The Chilling Anti-Government, Cliven Bundy-Loving Facebook Posts of the Alleged Las Vegas Shooters:
Jerad and Amanda Miller's Facebook and YouTube likes included the NRA, Rand Paul, FreedomWorks, and other right-wing championsand videos justifying the killing of police officers.](http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2014/06/jerad-amanda-miller-las-vegas-shooting-cliven-bundy-anti-government) 




 Another right-wing vulgarian reveals himself. 




 For your edification:

[Homegrown Radicals More Deadly Than Jihadis in U.S.](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/25/us/tally-of-attacks-in-us-challenges-perceptions-of-top-terror-threat.html)

 




 Why can't they do the right thing, today of all days? 




 Jerry Falwell is spinning in the grave. 














 [The G.O.P.s Ties to Extremism Go Beyond the Confederate Flag](http://www.newyorker.com/news/john-cassidy/the-g-o-p-s-extremism-problem-goes-beyond-the-confederate-flag?mbid=rss) 




 That's precisely what the now-disgraced ProGun mods said 2+ years ago when they took over this subreddit and began banning users, content, and articles at personal whim based on their own biases: "This is at the request of the User Community."

Thankfully, that hellish era seems to be coming to an end, though some of the Mods that were hand-picked and installed during that reign of terror and error are still in place.

Forgive us if we are not quick to trust the motives of those who participated in that failed coup of right-wing extremists *against* the actual wishes of the "User Community." 




 [The Growing Right-Wing Terror Threat](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/16/opinion/the-other-terror-threat.html?ref=opinion _r=0) 




 It's getting harder and harder for the American Right to hide who they are and what they support. 




 And thus women.

I really don't know how any woman (Texan or otherwise) can still bring themselves to vote Republican. 




 It's only because Texas Republicans care about the lives and health of women so much.

/S 




 Translation: "It's just another rule we made up with zero input from the user community." 














 Sounds like solid advice. The only thing I would add is some gold holdings.

Thank you! 




 Yet, there are no statues of Hitler in London, Paris, or Stalingrad.  




  You're going to be very surprised in about a year.

Can you clue us in on what you've got planned?

 




 Similar to how Bob Barr and all the right-wingers ran around in the 1990s renaming everything after Ronald Reagan while they could still get away with it. 




 Britain got over it. The South hasn't. 




 And he hated those Holstein race-mixers worst of all. 




 Your thoughts are intriguing.

Do you have any investment advice you'd be willing to share at this time? 




 ... to his front yard. 




 You're right, of course.

The complexities of the war get lost in heated internet arguments. I'm as guilty as anyone else. It remains the central event of American history and here we are, 150 years later, still working ourselves into a fury over it. Its shockwaves are still felt today.

Thank you for the brushback. :) 




 And Murray Rothbard says it's not only ethical but morally justifiable to starve your children to death if you can't be arsed to feed them.

Do you have any inkling of how deep the hole of ***"LIBERTY!!11!!!"***^TM goes? 




 The South's self-fueled paranoia triggered their own "Lost Cause" secession. It's ridiculous to argue otherwise.

It isn't Lincoln's fault the paranoid, greedy, traitorous, slaving cowards fled the Union at the direction of the Plantation Class and their representatives *months* before Lincoln was even sworn in. 

Confederate revisionists only need look in the mirror to find their source of all their woes, but they don't seem to have either the guts, brains, or humility to do so. 




 Translation: "No, I cannot adequately rebut him." 




 Baby steps. 




 Good. It's the flag of sedition and treason against the United States. 




 Yes, Scott ["I'll Do Whatever the Kochs Tell Me To Do"](http://www.salon.com/2011/02/23/koch_walker_call/) Walker promises "bold leadership." 




 Yes, we know. People are fleeing California for the low-tax paradise of Brownback's Kansas. [eye roll]  




 And they were also traitors to the United States. 




 Hey, you're the ultra-"Free Market" fantasist here. Can you adequate rebut him? 




 The day that the Neo-Confederates' obsession with this bullshit ends will be the same day a white guy walks into a store and is told, "Fuck off, Whitey. We don't serve your kind here."

That will disabuse all of these "Liberty-Lovin'"^TM Confederate apologists of their "Free Market of Segregation" fantasies, posthaste. 




 He's another Neo-Confederate trying to cover his ass. What else would you expect?

The extremist American Right isn't going to get away with their horseshit anymore. They've been humored and pandered to for decades by Republicans, Right-Libertarians, and Confederate apologists.

No more. 




 Did the South make any effort to repay the federal government for all of the federal property they seized by worthless fiat?  Who violated the NAP?

Put that in your Ron Paul decoder ring.
 




 How is laddy formed? 




 A profound ignorance of our nation's history is one of the defining characteristics of TeaPublicans and Republitarians. 




 Sorry, pal. That's your monopoly. 




 "Chabanais" is an extremist right-wing troll who was once inexplicably elevated to Moderator on /r/politics by a previous Mod regime who are largely no longer here (though a few Mods from that dark of era of right-wing censorship of /r/politics content remain, and are as vociferous, unreasonable, and authoritarian as ever.)

He can usually be found over or /r/conservative ranting and raving. 




 Really? Rand's father and mentor Ron Paul certainly doesn't seem to think so.

[Ron Paul's "The South was Right!" speech.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEC68vTQwP8) 




 Rand, like his father Ron Paul before him, takes great "LIBERTY!"TM with American history. 









 Propagating the "Democrats/liberals are coming to take my guns" myth has won groups such as the NRA and its affiliates great fortunes.

*Nobody wants your damn guns. Have as many damn guns as you like. Hell, ask a liberal to the range.*

The more paranoid that the NRA/arms dealers/arms manufacturers can make their audience, the better for their each of their bottom lines. The greater the fear, the greater their profits.

It's astounding how successful they've been all these past decades with their false "CONFISCATION IS IMMINENT!" meme. That myth makes the NRA and Wayne LaPierre a lot of money.
 




 *This message sponsored by Jeb! 2016* 




 Dr. Ben Carson just went from *zero* chance of winning the GOP nomination to a *-10,000,000* chance of winning the GOP nomination. 




 I hope Gary Johnson does an AMA about this. 




 "He's not dead yet" 




 The Germans had to be de-Nazified.

The South was never de-Confederatized. 




 Could the be the beginning of the end of Richard Nixon's/the GOP's race-baiting ["Southern Strategy"?](http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Southern_strategy)

It's lasted almost 50 years now and done incalculable damage to our nation. 




 The Koch Brothers' push, more like. 




 The "Free Market" has spoken! 

I'm sure the Republitarians will be thrilled! 




 Y'all-Qaeda and other Teahadists will not be pleased.

***GOOD!*** 




 Considering that's where a great deal of it comes from, this is a very significant step. 




 *Salon.com* (along with *Talking Points Memo*) have ***finally*** been released from the /r/politics list of sites that are auto-deleted upon submission as "Rehosted Content."

Conversation has begun as to the validity of the continuing ban on "MediaMatters.com" as "Rehosted Content."

None of these sites should have been blocked in the first place, and some still remain on the Automoderator's kill list from the days in which the "Rehosted Content" fiat was first issued. Still, this can be viewed as an encouraging development in the struggle to keep Reddit's content ***USER***-controlled and ***USER***-curated.

Here's to a more open discussion of Politics in this forum! 









 I mean this sincerely: ***THANK YOU*** for the first positive, constructive response I've seen from the Mods in over two years now. 

Neither of those sites should ever have been censored in the first place. Hopefully, this is a sign of things to come.

Now, release MediaMatters too, please! 




 You absolutely have the power to remove *Salon.com* from the censorship list that was deliberately programmed into the Automoderator. The same applies to "Talking Points Memo" and "MediaMatters."

What's stopping the current Mods from recognizing right, as well as reality?

*Salon.com* is ***NOT*** "Rehosted Content."

 




 Why, then, is *Salon.com* auto-deleted as "Rehosted Content," when most of their articles are original content?

 




 it leads to more subjective decisions on our part, which we try and limit as much as possible.

Then how do you explain the continued use of the "Off-Topic," "Not US Politics," and "Rehosted Content" lies which are still employed to censor completely valid content? 




 Small Govt = Big Business can screw you over and get away with it.

It's the Republitarians' dearest fantasy: "Whoever has the most money wins by default." 




 "But... but... the 'FREE MARKET!!1!1one!!'^TM " 




 Perhaps you're unfamiliar with the founding principle of Reddit: content is to be user-submitted and user-curated.

 




 [Help, help! I'm bein' repressed!](http://media.giphy.com/media/CbezwsaSQNilG/giphy.gif) 




 "LIBERTY!"^ 




  if you think that if Rand Paul became president he would somehow make abortion illegal then you are not a rational human being.

if you think that if Rand Paul can be elected president then you are not a rational human being.
 




  So why is a man condemned to parenthood but not the woman?

Are you aware that more women die in childbirth than from legal abortion? That's a fact that the self-dubbed "pro-life" crowd is always happy to ignore.

 




  People like him would rather there be no government over site and be able to do whatever they want. Including destroying whatever they see fit, as long as it brings them more money.

And that's what they call "LIBERTY!"^TM
 




 I wonder what his passionate partisans in this subreddit think of this.

They'll probably try and find a way to blame it on "the j00s." 




 I wonder if Rand's good buddy [Jack "the Southern Avenger" Hunter](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2013/07/09/rand-paul-staffer-southern-avenger/2502637/) helped him write it, as he did Rand's 2011's book *The Tea Party Comes to Washington*?

[Rand Paul Staffer Expressed Support for Lincoln Assassin](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2013/07/09/rand-paul-staffer-southern-avenger/2502637/)

Or maybe Rand just plagiarized it, [as he's been caught doing before?](http://thecolbertreport.cc.com/videos/yxqllm/rand-paul-s-plagiarism-problem) 




 Most of the people who whine about "federal overreach" think Cliven Bundy is a misunderstood hero rather than a bitter old racist crank.

Many of them are still fighting the Civil War in their heads (and worse, preparing as if a 'Second Civil War' were imminent.) 




 I've never understood how/why people fall for the Pauls.

A great deal of their support comes from "The South was Right!!1!" fantasists, which certainly explains a lot.

Don't believe me? [Check out Ron Paul's famous "The South was Right" speech here.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEC68vTQwP8) 




 It's the White Nationalist/Neo-Confederate/Gunbertarian Downvote Militia acting out again. 




 To his other pocket. 




 It's getting harder and harder for the American Right to deny their foul allegiances and fetid ideologies. 




  I don't like the Iraq War but I support our troops.

Did you put a yellow ribbon magnet on your SUV?

 




 Denial is a bigger river than the Mississippi. 




  That pack of losers gave a country with three times the manpower and industrial capacity a run for their money for four years.

At the cost of 740,000 American lives. That's more than have died in ALL of the military conflicts/wars that America has been involved in, before or since.

Don't expect any sympathy for the Confederate's Lost Cause, or some kind of honorary participation trophy for a useless war which was started by the South's Plantation Class using poor white sharecroppers as cannon fodder.

I don't get why the descendants of these Southern sharecroppers still celebrate their Southern oppressors. Maybe it's fun to play make-believe in order to convince themselves that all the death and suffering actually meant something.

The alternative to recognizing reality must be too heavy a cross to bear. 




 The fact that they've locked it in place shows they know it shouldn't be there at all.

They recognized this when they took it off the statehouse in the 2000s. But they had to be sneaky and stick it on a memorial instead. 

It's just Southern spitefulness in full bloom. That's why it will take a supermajority of 66% of both SC houses to take it down. They deliberately wrote this into law when they "compromised" by taking it off the dome. 




 740,000 in all, the latest scholarship shows. 




 rekt 




 And did any of the Confederate states make any recompense to the federal government for all of the federal property they seized illegally, including Fort Sumter?

No, they didn't did they? The CSA just seized all federal properties for themselves via worthless declarations, didn't they?

Many Right-Libertarians and Confederate apologists make another religion out the "NAP," the "Non-Aggression Principle."

So, whose property rights were violated here first, exactly? And who was it, exactly, that initiated force in violation of these well-established property rights? Who violated the NAP?

These are questions that make Neo-Confederates *very* uncomfortable. Usually, eyes bulging, they'll start sweating and reddening before finally stuttering out a spittle-flicked "S-S-ST-ST-STATES' RAAAAGGGHTS!!11!1!" before storming off like petulant children who *still*, even after 150 years, refuse to acknowledge that they LOST the duel THEY initiated.
 




 I wonder if Gene Wilder brings in his pets for checkups? 




 American Fundamentalist Evangelicals have a great disdain for Catholics.

And boy, are *they* going to be surprised on Judgment Day. 




 Maybe He meant, "S Words" 




 Oh, a link to a Ron Paul affiliated site? Thanks for that. 




 Ron Paul fans are crying into their pillows right about now. 




 The unspoken, cut-to-the-bone truth about George Zimmerman's rabid defenders?

***They idolize him because he actually got to live out their secret "I Took Out a Thug" murder fantasy.***

Honest Zimmerman fans admit this; dishonest Zimmerman fans will lie to you about it.

 




 Rich Southerners didn't care about white lives either. That's why the Plantation Owners and their Confederate government sent all the poor sharecroppers to die to defend their profits.

The Plantation Class was willing to send sharecropping whites to die to protect their black slaves, whose forced labor was the source of the all the Plantation Owners' cotton profits. 

Chew on that one, Sons of Dixie: the African slaves' lives meant more to the Plantation Owners than the poor white sharecropping class they sent to fight their battles for them. 

That's why it's so strange that the descendants of these same poor white sharecroppers sent to die still wave the flag of their own oppression at the hands of the 1% of their day, the Plantation Owners' Class. They even still fall for the "Southern Pride" and "Southern Heritage" lies that the Plantation Owners invented to justify the war for their Lost Cause. 




 It's the looney-Moonie paper. They cut publishing to a few days a week when the Church of Unification cut off most of their funding.

 




 Wouldn't you be much more comfortable over at Stormfront? 




 It seems than Mike "Defender of Duggar-Diddling" Huckabee and Rick "Man-on-Dog" Santorum have a lot in common.  




 most of us down south have ancestors that fought for the Confederacy . . . I don't see how dishonoring their lives helps heal anything.

Your ancestors were already dishonored when the Plantation Owners sent them to die to preserve their profits. 




 The Flag of Treason against the United States, still favored by Neo-Confederates and the KKK, deserves to reside in the ashbin of history just like the fetid ideology that birthed it. 




  the Santorum Sidestep

Where dancers slip and fall.

 




 The Confederate/KKK flag should be coated in Santorum. 




 Why is the Duggar-diddler defender also defending the Flag of Treason against the United States? 




 It's also the KKK's favored flag. 




 I wonder if he uses his Dad Ron Paul's old racist newsletters as rolling papers?

They were rather blunt. 




 "He's not dead yet! He's getting better!" 




 Isn't it odd how anything that addresses right-wing authoritarianism in this subreddit is quickly marked "Off-Topic" and pulled? 




 Ford Prefect: for your own safety, please stay away from Los Angeles! 




 TIL apologists would justify the LAPD gunning down Ford Prefect. 




 And if we made them pay for the support of the children whose birth they force, they'd seek to *expand* abortion rather than ban it. 




 The American Right needs to get over its fetus fetish.

Unfortunately, that fetish still brings them votes. Once it doesn't, and begins to *cost* them votes, the American Right's leadership will suddenly forget all about "honoring a 'Culture of Life.'"

They certainly couldn't give a crap about mother and child post-birth. 




 If so, it seems that the "don't shoot an unarmed person in the head" policy is more open to interpretation. 




 At least since Nixon and the "Southern Strategy."

Perceptive Americans never fell for such deceit. Many others have and continue to, however. 




 Confederate traitors, evidently. 




 Birther Blake Farenthold is too far to the left for the Tea-Guzzlers?

Popcorn time!

 




 Unable to control the monster they created. 




 Giggling while masturbating to the thought, most likely. 




 And the American Right will fight it at every step. 




 It'll probably be along the lines of their already stated "it was an attack on Christianity!!1!" meme-lie. 




 Says Huckabee, defender of the Duggar-diddler. 




 The American Right is quickly losing the power to conceal who they really are and what they really believe. 




 The "14/88" crowd's newest hero. 









 "But... but... they just want to protect women's health!"

 




 I guess Ted's counting on receiving "the End Times Transfer of Wealth from the Wicked to the Righteous" that his father and other Christian  Nationalists have foreseen for him. 




 Nice how they handcuff the corpse. 




 Isn't it odd how Republicans boast of themselves as "the Party of Lincoln," yet can't even bring themselves to condemn the Flag of Treason? 




 How about Huckabee's support for the Duggar-diddler? 




 One who calls the Charleston Church shooting an "accident"? 




 Uh-oh. 

This article is going to piss off Reddit's omnipresent Gunbertarian Downvote Militia. 




  Were they wrong to feel under assault by Abraham Lincoln? No. Even Abraham Lincoln himself would admit that he forced that fight.

False. Most slave states seceded months before Lincoln was even sworn in.

 




 Good. Someone's got to start calling America's regressive states out on their chicanery. 

Money's the one language politicians understand, especially right-wing politicians. They'll eventually to abandon their phony "we're social conservatives and God and Murica" vote-pandering bullshit when dollars, cents, and elections are on the line.

Hopefully we won't have to suffer the Christian Nationalists' delusions of self-superior morality and their accompanying dictates for much longer. America is finally ready to evolve out of it. 




 Yep. It's what they do. Must make them feel like big, strong Aryan warriors for a moment rather than acknowledge their own shallow, inescapable existences. 
























