 http://assets.sbnation.com/assets/2929985/rinaldihangin_medium.gif 




 I bet the drugs are gonna be in the ps1 that OP finds in the back compartment of that N64 




 OP is apparently a woman, man, liar, but most importantly, a faggot 




 OP is in a polygamous relationship with assorted bags of pasta? 









 The reveiws for that product are hilarious btw  




 TIL don't get a timber wolf  




 2011 Trek Madone 5.2

http://i.imgur.com/1OB59eVl.jpg 




 I didn't realize I was still moving the whale around my screen until 15 minutes later 




 I wonder what the chances are of one of the photographers getting sucked into the jet engine if it was that close... 









 Can I ask how on earth you found that... Haha 




 Did the boner last all 30 minutes?? 




 Who won? 




 You could always get some UV Protecting arm sleeves off of Amazon. I started using them recently and no longer have this problem! 




 There was minimal brake fade, I applied the brakes for a few seconds at a time to give them time to cool off in between. I do have the basalt braking surface on my rims, I'm not sure if that plays a role in not overheating 




 The largest descent I've done was about 500 feet over 3 miles... got up to 43-44 mph at the bottom 




 I got mine from farsports. 38mm front and 50mm rear, 650 shipped and they came in at 1290 grams. I've put about 1300 miles on them and haven't had a single issue. Even braking is pretty good (assuming you have a decent set of brakes... I have ultegra 6700 on my bike) 




 2011 Trek Madone 5.2 




 Yup the hub is loud, but I like it! I have the Bitex hubs, the Novatecs are even louder 




 http://www.wheelsfar.com/mixed-wheels-p-290.html

They arrived in about 10 days via EMS and packaging was flawless. I was impressed 




 Yeah they are from China. I'm happy with them so far... we'll see if that changes 



















 Did he wet himself before or after he died? 




 Is the seagull going to be okay? 




 OP is clearly a Pokemon fan 
























 3 advil and a big cup of water. Works every time 




 Your husband had a girlfriend? 




 Yeah but what about before that? 




 Losing a loved one. Whether it be a parent, spouse, child, etc... 




 "You shut your mouth when you're talking to me!"

Divorce lawyer scene in Wedding Crashers 




 Your descriptiveness gave me anxiety haha  




 Because it's a story on the internet! 




 That looks like two separate pics side by side 




 Macallen 18 by far 




 I always have an excel spreadsheet with lots of numbers and colored cells open in the background. Whenever I hear footsteps coming by I simply minimize whatever unproductive thing I'm doing (usually reddit) and stare at the Excel sheet pretending to be deep in thought.    




 This just reminded me that my wait time for new lives is up... Time to crush some candy! 




 Looks to me like an aborted cat fetus 




 I bet the kid is gonna submit the same story as a success kid meme 




 If I couldn't tell the difference between the lab made meat and regular meat (i.e. taste, texture, consistency, etc), and it has the same nutritional value, then I do not see why not. So long as it doesn't have any unknown future side affects  




 Spongebob 




 So even after her car didn't run after filling it with diesel fuel the first time, she went ahead and did it again? And again after that? 




 I wonder if there's an infographic like this one for the Kiss nightclub in Brazil. Would be interesting to see  




 The squealing is totally normal for carbon wheels. I am still using the blue pads supplied from farsports and haven't had any issues 




 Meyer's household cleaner... anyone who has smelled this stuff knows what I mean 




 I've ridden some pretty steep descents, no issues with brake fade or heat issues. I've come to a stop from 46mph and everything was totally fine. I love the wheels 
 









 Wtf is a crouch fruit 




 Yes. 




 "One time this dog looked at me wrong so I stabbed it with a bayonet and let it bleed out in front of a bunch of school children" 




 I'm going to go out on a limb here... But I'm guessing they were abducted by aliens 




 Squats, deadlifts, bench press, overhead press, pull ups 




 TIL don't cut a tree down next to a corvette  




 He's turning away towards his mom  
























 It looks like everything is out of stock at the moment, but keep refreshing the page and be quick to order once it comes in stock 









 Can I ask what a yearly home entertainment loan is? 




 Did they not offer relocation compensation?  




 I used to work at the Riverside Intl Auto Museum, we had one if those 8C's. Thing was awesome

http://i.imgur.com/CxZ9hIIl.jpg

 




 Someone skipped legs day 




 10/10 would carve 




 Thanks for the feedback 




 Thank you! 




 Not very. Although there are regulations in place, the majority of bluefin caught are still juveniles and countries rarely abide by the catch-limitations set by the ICCAT 




 I am a graduate student at the University of San Francisco. My group is trying to gather some data from the general public about their eating habits regarding tuna, as well as their willingness to pay to preserve this species. We are trying to get as many responses as possible in the next 2 weeks.

You can take the survey here:

http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/7L8CK6H

Thank you! 




 I am a graduate student at the University of San Francisco. My group is trying to gather some data from the general public about their eating habits regarding tuna, as well as their willingness to pay to preserve this species. We are trying to get as many responses as possible in the next 2 weeks.

You can take the survey here:

http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/7L8CK6H

Thank you! 




 Wouldn't "Wilson" be a bull, not a cow? 




 As someone currently on Yolobus #39, can confirm 




 Who would win in a fight tho 




 "Hey honey I'm going to go get some milk and eggs! See you tomorrow" 




 So did you tell your brother? 




 Why the fuck are you talking about crack when your original post was about doing an "ungodly" amount of cocaine?  




 Why are you being downvoted? It's totally not feasible to smoke/snort/inject 42 grams of coke in a few hours and live to tell about it... 




 Is that like a serious crime or something? I can understand getting in a little bit of trouble but taking something like that to court seems a little over the top... 




 ITT apparently the majority of redditors are butchers  




 You should have hidden the thumbnail 




 State worker here. Contrary to popular belief, I actually do work. Please disregard the fact that I am commenting on askreddit threads at 2pm on a Monday  




 Orange is the New Black. I think it's the song... 




 He's just sleeping... 




 Frontside boardslide 




 Ex-fianc I hope 




 He just took bullshitting to a new level 





























 Never forget 




 Couldn't have said it better myself 




 Pho restaurant in Sacramento 




 Haha they're like $4.50 in Sac. Still not bad for a delicious sandwich in my opinion 




 its a Vietnamese sandwich with BBQ pork, cilantro, jalapeno, and pickled veggies 




 whoops I knew it had the h in there somewhere, thanks 
























 What year was this? 




 Go on... 




 No haha it was actually The Eatery in West Sacramento 




 Brand is Merzetta. Don't know how they hold up to other brands but I find them delicious 









 Yeah I think they do it more for the presentation. Although I was able to eat it after squishing it quite a bit haha 



















 Watch SpongeBob on TV even when there's other more age appropriate things on 




 Sniper scene in Shooter. So badass 




 OP's mom's bedroom 




 /u/unidan for his expertise in all things animal 




 Pure protein has 4 calories per gram regardless of where it comes from... How does a 25 gram serving have .02 calories? It would have to have closer to 100 calories per serving at the least... 




 How far would that bullet travel underwater? 




 Is this something that Sony can provide support for through a software update later on? Or is it more of a hardware issue? 




 You didn't need to upgrade to 1-day shipping to receive it on launch day if you have Prime 





























 Ibuprofen doesn't have acetaminophen in it 




 I don't know since I got them at a restaurant, but they looked like regular fries covered in minced garlic and serrano chilis, and toped with cayenne  





























 24x6x9. Thanks! 




 Haha 2 feet actually 




 Appreciate it! 




 Thanks! 




 It's okay. I have a ZooMed 501 Nano on my 3 gallon shrimp tank upstairs that I prefer. The TOMs doesn't have enough flow for this 6 long so I either have to add another filter or a very small powerhead in the near future 




 Yeah it is. I'm running the TOMs Mini Canister and 24" Finnex FugeRay on it   



















 Took it out of the oven at 115F... Definitely not raw :) 




 We're on a low carb diet haha 



















 It must have that Porsche carbon ceramic brake upgrade  














 Haha not Asian actually  




 Looks like salt, onion, garlic, red bell pepper and red pepper and other spices 
 





























 Have fun! 




 It's an acquired taste 









 Yeah probly both  




 Idk that I'd trust a ribeye that was under $4/lb... But that's just me  




 You and my cat would be the greatest of friends  




 I didn't see any #'s in my post ...  




 No I didn't actually buy it... I'd imagine they are individually vacuum packed though  




 I asked my cat and he says yea 




 Cheapest ribeye at my local grocer is $11.99/lb  




 I bet it would taste like a piece of jerky too 




 Oh I'm not actually going to buy it haha 









 Definitely not luggage...  




 Sandia heirloom pepper 









 What do you do for a living? 




 When I made the switch from a Trek 1.2 to a 2011 Madone 5.2, it was night and day. I would definitely check ebay for framesets, they usually have some pretty good deals. Both of the frames you're looking at would be awesome upgrades 




 Haha thanks, obviously I don't know my ships 









 True but it's still more meat than I can expect at almost any other sandwich shop in the area :) 




 those peppers on the diablo are hot!  




 Haha but then... Never mind  









 I think he means you're going to get a ton of stuff mailed to your address that you don't necessarily want  




 Sushi for sure 




 Did you find the keto to hinder your endurance training at all? I'm a cyclist and I noticed the lack of carbs to affect my endurance riding 




 No, it doesn't

[Source] (http://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/ency/article/002655.htm) 
























 Was there ever any consequences for them shooting that plane down? It kinda just disappeared from the news over time 




 Oh got it. I'll keep that in mind for next time! 




 I like my sauce! Haha to each their own though 




 I'm going to give this a shot tonight 




 It was my first time cooking duck, wasn't aware I was supposed to score the skin. Does scoring provide any benefits other than aesthetics?  




 We first baked two potatoes, then cut one in half and scraped out all but 1/4" of it. We completely scraped out the other potato. The potatoes were then blended with cream cheese, butter, brown sugar, salt, pepper, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg and cayenne. This mixture was then pipetted back into the first potato skin that we cut in half and then baked for 15 mins. Turned out great! 




 100% recommend 




 Mmm sounds delicious  




 What else could I use it for?  




 We first baked two potatoes, then cut one in half and scraped out all but 1/4" of it. We completely scraped out the other potato. The potatoes were then blended with cream cheese, butter, brown sugar, salt, pepper, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg and cayenne. This mixture was then pipetted back into the first potato skin that we cut in half and then baked for 15 mins. Turned out great! 




 It was actually my first time making duck! But for steak the sous vide provides an even medium rare with no overcooked exterior. The meat comes out super tender all the way through when on the skillet it sometimes comes out a little tough  




 It turned out great! So juicy and tender throughout. Thanks! 




 I posted the step-by-step album in /r/food if anyone is interested.

http://imgur.com/a/GTe1C  



















 Except you can still get a DUI on a bicycle... 




 What about its paws though? I can barely hold ice in my hands for more than a few seconds  




 Brushing my teeth in the shower! 




 So your wife just took your kid and left while you in the hospital?  




 I used to work at a car museum that housed many F1 cars. The curator told me they could drive upside down at 100mph 




 What warnings were they given? 




 "Crouching tiger hidden bastard"  




 I couldn't believe that house was only listed at $2.5 million...  




 That was the worst story I ever read 




 Does the bill grow back? 




 I currently work for the State of California. Although I am eligible for loan forgiveness if I keep working here for 10 years, I would have to choose an income-based repayment plan. The problem here is that with the income-based repayment plan I will have my $40,000 loan paid off in 7 years... Meaning that I never get to take advantage of the loan forgiveness at all :( 




 You're not alone 





























 "lawl" 














 I really want this to be the case :( 














 My girlfriend had a plate too. This is just half the steak (it was a 17oz cut) 




 I highly recommend trying it. It has changed meat for me completely. There are tons of diy ways but I just bought a sous vide machine made by anova culinary: http://anovaculinary.com/  




 Wow you're right it does look way better! 




 here's another dish I posted a while back... I think you may like the plating a little more

http://i.imgur.com/9XOx56o.jpg  




 haha i could have plated it better... it was late and I was starving and just wanted to eat! 




 Here you go:

Seasoned the steak with salt and pepper. Sous Vide with 1 tablespoon butter at 131F for 90 mins, then seared it for 1 minute per side on a really hot grill

Boiled red potatoes, mashed with 10 cloves roasted garlic, salt, pepper, butter, and milk until you reach your desired consistency. I even added the leftover juice from the sous vide bag :)

Zucchini and asparagus were seasoned with salt, pepper, paprika, cayenne, garlic powder, and olive oil. Throw them on a hot grill for about 5-10 minutes, flipping occasionally.

Broccoli rabe was blanched for 1 minute, then sauteed with roasted garlic, salt, pepper, and olive oil. It was my first time trying it, I didn't really like it (tasted kinda like horseradish) 




 Ribeye has always been my favorite. I actually enjoy the fattiness haha 









 Yeah I couldn't justify the extra $100 for an illuminated reticle. I'll probably never be shooting in low light situations  




 Glass is crystal clear, eye relief is about 4 inches I think. Awesome scope tho, highly recommended. It's just enormous, almost 16" with the sunshade on 




 The varmint models come with the 26" heavy barrel. I looked at the Magpul stock too, seems way economical specially since you can add the detachable magazine for not much more money. I just didn't want to wait :) 




 That's always great news, haha.

For now I'm just shooting Federal Gold Medal Match 168gr factory ammo. Once I become more comfortable I may start handloading, but I doubt it'd give me any advantage just yet since I'm still learning. 




 Remington 700 SPS Varmint chambered in 308.

I upgraded the stock to a Bell and Carlson Medalist Tactical/Varmint Style 2. Didn't really like the X-mark pro trigger so I swapped it out with a Timney 512. 

Optic is a Vortex Viper HS-T 6-24x50 SFP with milrad reticle. The mount is a Nightforce one-piece direct mount, 20 MOA.

Lastly is the Harris bipod, 9-13 inch. 

This is my first bolt-action and I'm looking forward to getting to know it and shooting a bunch to work on my accuracy. It will mainly only be used as a target gun. 









 Totally agree, I love that show! 




 Your poems never disappoint!  




 Amazing! 




 You guys are correct... these are udon noodles. Sorry for the mixup  









 Except the vast majority of these kids were Muslim... The motive for this attack wasn't over religious extremism but for retaliation  




 http://www.azcentral.com/story/news/local/arizona/2014/11/11/mammoth-az-target-of-internet-hoax/18863451/

Good job, reddit... 
























