 Shaefers flavor doesn't fade, even when your thirst is done!Ahhh, the good old days. 




 If I have to choose strictly from my childhood,Pong, 




 Yessss! A fellow Boogerman fan! If you have a wii you can find this in the classic games section. 




 Pirates gold was the first game to make me lose track of entire days. 




 Great game! Bought the sega collection cd just for that! 




 The original Warcraft,Pirates gold and Road rash.Ahhh, those were the joys of my early middle age years! 




 Loved that game and recently found it available for ps3,having a ball! 




 TROTTER! 




 Kalimba! 




 HA!HA!
 




  Forget the tax aspect, and ask a less fortunate freind if they could use a car.If they say Yes, just give it away and you earn some respect in your comunity. If they say no just junk it for weight. Either way you will do better than getting involved with the Gov. or bogus charities. 




 SUHWEEET! 




 Large knife a swiss blade mated to a handlle I whittled from the branch of a chesnut tree. Two hidden pins On the inside are sawed ends of drill bits. Raw hide wraps on the out side.Crack in the handle came from throwing this into the kitchen wall about  1000 times,balace is perfect.
Small knife is an old hacksaw blade worked with a file and the handle whittled from a 100 year old maple that blew down in my yard.One hidden pin sawed from a drill bit and the bolster is cast like an old time knife but with epoxy and coal dust for color. 









 You can use a hand gun against a half dozen crooks with automatic weapons and not think about  picking up the better weapon of the guy you just killed.
 




 18 Year olds getting killed for the profit of others=BULLSHIT! 




 Amen Brother.
 




 Full size Hattori chef knife
 




 For the price of 10 crap knives, you can buy a good knife. Lesson well learned.
 




 Great knife, good companion to the scallion 




 Lone Wolf makes some very nice knives,good score
 




 75,000,000,000,000 up-votes for you.That show disgusts me and I wonder how the stars that had to work their way up feel about it.  




 Fuck you. 




 The duck is better than the scary pharmacuticals. 




 In the 80's  worked  with alot of African, Turkish, and Afgan people who were brought here by the US goverenment as a reward for helping fight against the Russians.I have never seen a more patriotic group of people in my life. More so than Americans. They all got Fucked.
 




 FREAK! 




 So nice to see a president who doesn't have a stick shoved up his ass 




 Ha ha! you are right,we used to live fast and dangerous,now we live slow and predictable 









 I like a combination of both.Albany NY had Mason and Shean in the 80's,best morning show ever. My biggest peeve are the "DJ's" who are just hired to run play lists and have no clue about music at all. 




 Ha Ha!  Probably should have put this on Creepy,but trolling the comments was fun! 




 Not at all Dr. Shit face! 




 Sorry will try to post mutilated genitalia from now on. 




 Hitchcock 




 This is from last spring. I had said to my wife the red wing Black birds had not come back yet.
One week later this pic, and not just this tree, every tree in our yard. Creepy!
 









 I also drink shitty beer and I love this ad! 




 Acceptable to swear. George Carlin started this patriotic movement years ago with the 7 deadly words. 









 Saw this live back in the day .Made me tear up,still does.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CBShoN2bhA 









 Those new shows are horrible,same old jokes told by old woman,gay guy, ethnic person,you name it,and the corps are afraid I will pirate this garbage? 




 Oh yeah 




 Mosanto= evil incarnate. 




 I agree.They are good for light duty though. 




 Pure Komachi series by Kershaw.Made in Japan,discontinued but you can still find them.Don't bother with Pure Komachi2 series,those are Chinese junk. 




 http://www.worldknives.com/products/linder-crown-stag-miniature-hunting-knife-nr-566705-2874.html 



















 All the Bat man movies. 




 Nothing to cringe at here.He is a sweet animal and well mannered.She takes him traveling with her and her boy friend and he enjoys that.As in most cases, if there is a problem it is the fault of the owner not the animal. 




 Not just the body.He built the frame,suspension and just about everything else 














 He is half German shepard and half arctic wolf. My friend has the pics of his parents and all the documentation on him.She got him from a Specialized breeder. He does not look to humans first,he goes about his buisiness until you get his attention,a definate trait of wolfs.Thanks for the interest he's not mine but he is the most awesome dog I know. 



















 You are the reason I like dogs more than people. 




 Giant dildo under sink...lol! 









 Love that trick! 




 They are beutiful knives. 




 Just want to add that my dream knife is a Hattori 




 Love my Douk-Douk! 




 Great post,thanks.I'm a chef and love all kinds of knives,At work I've used Dexters,Victorinox,Chicago,ect. for 35 years and I would say these are more than enough for the average person.At home I keep a set of Shuns in a bamboo "shrine" on the wall and only use them for special occasions.My workaday home knives are  kershaw Pure Komachi series.These were made in Japan and are wonderfull light duty blades but don't confuse them with Pure Komachi2 which are Chinese junk.
 




 Have one just like it and it is my baby. 




 Hor devours! 




 City bus driver jams on brakes and stops,"F*ck this,f*ck this,I have f*cking had it!",Leaves bus still running in the middle of the road.Last seen running down side street.Way to funny and it turns out I know his dad! He is a spoiled little prick. 









 One of my favorite songs,still relevent 30 some years later.3 Thumbs up!!! 




 Yeah I know... Challenging 




 Ha Ha! That did not take long,checked spelling with my wife,she said I should run back and change it before I got busted! 









 Love this! 









 Nieto picnic knife.This is a cool little (about 2" closed) knife.Olive wood scales and AN-58 blades and much decorative work.Fit and finish are not perfect(slight buffer burn on the corner of one scale) but very nice.Build is very tight and solid.Edge needs a bit of stropping to shave hair.Mine came with a very tiny nick in one side of the edge but I think it was just one of those things as the rest of the knife is so tightly built.Not a deal breaker for me.Custom made collector quality? No. Cool little piece of jewelery for about $40 bucks?Oh yeah! 




 Ok,back as promised.From the top down:
Kizlyar U-5:These are hand made in Russia,my #1 favorite.
Helle HE30:This is a work of art,outstanding fit and finish.heavy duty blade is razor sharp,could stand up to hard use.
Lone Wolf U.S.45:Nice utility knife,hand checkered rosewood scales.
CRKT Fulcrum:Nice unusual knife,fun to play with.
SOG Mini Vulan:Love the look of this one,Tight build, solid lock up.
Kershaw double something:Classic pattern with thumb studs and unique single liner lock.
Nieto picnic knife:I like this little piece of jewelery,more on a seperate comment.
Kershaw Scallion:Best pocket knife ever,I use this about 500 times a day. 




 Thanks for the likes,all.Will be back on this afternoon with some details.
 









 Love that song,puts me in a mellow mood.
 




 Try looking here.
http://www.worldknives.com/goldclub.php 









 Birds gotta fly,fish gotta fry. 




 Took a cab ride in Manhattan one time and the driver seemed angry.
I thought he must be having a bad day,so when we arrived I paid the fare
plus 150% tip and said "Thanks man". With a move that would have made Bruce Lee proud he snatched the money from my hand,then looked me straight in the eye and said "Thank yourself mufukka!".
 









 Caravan palace 




 This week on TLC: Toddlers and tri-pod machine guns,starring Honey boom-boom! 




 Disregarding the time Factor,Foggy mountain break down by Flatt Scruggs for the fall then 21st century schizoid man by King Crimson for the chute. 




 WhOOOOOOOOOA BUNNNDYYY!
 




 When I,m caught talking to myself, I just say that I needed an expert opinion. 









 Better cancer,aids treatment.
Cheaper energy.
Faster cheaper broad band.
You name it,the list goes on and on.
Buy a bulk pack of old fashioned good news twin blade razors,they last forever.Those dual pod quasi action 9 bladed turbo razors are only designed to shave your wallet. 




 Hitler was such a hot head,that bacon should be crisp.
Photo shop. 




 AAAAAAMen 









 Every time I do this I just get Slapped,WTF! 




 Gus from Lonesome Dove. 




 Love old school movies. 









 Thanks for the comment! got this guy from ASPCA and he was a mess.
So afraid of everything,he would sink to the ground and visibley tremble.
 




 A rescue dog,he used to tremble in fear.
 









 Karl Rove. 




 Another pararsite liveing off others.Makes me sick. 




 Ha ha! sounds catholic. 




 1962=pig,2011=snouts and hoofs+meat glue+chemestry set. 




 Actual lol,excellent!
 
























 Cows creek willow 




 So I bought a used car...found my wifes' dress in the back seat. 




 Resident evil directors cut 




 You are so right,upvote for you 




 Well said. 




 Oh my god,I just realized that my wife is a quilter and uses deadly sharp
rotary cutters and scary big scissors,Should I bail out now,or wait untill
I'm threatened by her "ULTRA DEADLY" sewing machine tactical ninja
quilting needles? 




 Well said sir! Regards..."the king of siam" 




 You are correct sir,but not all of us, thank...Whatever 




 If I had a hammer,I'd hammer in the moooorninnng! 




 Thank you sir! I was begining to think that I was the only one who thinks like this. 









 As an American: Where are the hookers,crackheads and trigger happy cops? 




 This kind of nonsense really pisses me off. The use of a cutting edge is the single most important development in the history of mankind.
You can survive without fire but you cannot survive without some sort of cutting edge.Every single thing that you eat, wear or use in this world   requires some sort of knife to produce. The first pocket knife used to be a rite of passage for a 10-12 year old boy,now they are taught that knives are scary terrorist weapons  that will not be tolerated.What is the result of this nonsense? I have young nephews that know I like knives and without fail, on some  X-mas or B-day I will recieve a big scary looking mall-ninja piece of shit.I use those to chop weeds out of the yard and shake my head in sadness.
 




 Beutifull!
 




 "Singing it sadder than a one car funeral"...RIP Possum,you were a true
country legend. 




 Nice work, I would def buy this knife! 




 Love this show.

 




 To your brother: Get out now and take the baby before that cunt can use
your child to get her shithooks into you and your families money.I've seen cunts like this, and as the child gets older ,(he/she) will become mommies little meal ticket;alimony, child support,welfare, medicade, ect. 




 Just shine it on Pony-boy. 




 Kids in the 1950s. 




 Way to go! 




 You people are idiodts 




 Spot on , my sentiments exactly! 




 Dickhead,? do you even read the posts? 




 Stupid Redditor, I am simply pointing out that the internet will go the same way as cable.You can say fuck me, but your ISP will fuck you worse,DUMB ASS! 




 I have a word for people like that....DICKFACE ASSHOLES,with all due respect.
 









 This goes on every day in the rest of the world and here secrectly. 




 Shmerzen means sperm 




 One time at Christmas my step son asked who this Howie was that everyone was singing about.I said what? He said  You know,"Howie Louya"One of the best laughs of my life. Kids are kids. 




 People that do this are chicken shit ass holes looking for attention,and they insult the people who have really had to deal with losing a loved one. 




 Got to love dogs. 




 Stop spreading the hype dickhead,we all die at some point and how you die does not matter. The media wants to scare you. Get busy living. 




 Ha ha! Well said. 




 Hot peppers! 




 Yeah yeah. 




 Not sure of exact model.Larger wenger with slide lock blade and grey scales. 




 congratulations pa pa! 




 Meh, HD is soooo 2110, everything is 3d nowdays. 




 Didn't break it but twisted it a bit. 




 People die all the time,I don't need  it shouted at me 24/7 on the news with every vaguely concievable side track thrown in. 














 I pretty much agree with this which is why it saddens me when eveyday,
(Non military/law enforcement),people proudly show off their new
"Slash master tactical death spike 9000" EDC.
 




 Killing yourself is about hurting other people,fuck you you whiney little prick. 




 Shoes.
 




 Having the area between my nuts and ass sliced open to drain an abcess,
no pain meds. 




 The Belisarius series by Eric Flint and David Drake,I enjoyed the characters as much as the story. 




 INTERNET!! 




 Once asked my friend why white girls are like a trophy for black guys.
He said,"Black girls think they all to good to suck ya dick."
Dam near died laughing! 




 Hook up with girl from the south,after some great sex, she jumps out of bed saying "Oh my God we're sinners,sinners against the Lord!"throws on her cloths and runs from the house. 




 I've kept this video on my phone for years,always gets a laugh! Hands down the best video I've ever found on youtube although the crazy Mentos kid runs a close second. 




 That crazy Nam-vet is stalking me on Facebook. 




 Classy! 




 The "squeel like a pig" guy in Deliverence. He's in alot of movies but that's all I can picture when I see him. 




 German bra? You mean a Keepsumfromfloppin? 




 We tie our shoes with little nazis 




 That Puma hunter is a gem,treat it well 




 Politicians 




 Nine thumbs up! 




 Well done! 




 Snob!!!!! 




 Tard 




 Allow a women to turn me into a plow horse. You want a partenership,chip in and help. 









 Trey Parker 




 Love of knives. 




 MARS ATTACKS!!! 




 Santa only comes once a year and thats down the chimney :) 




 Very nice collection,we need to see more of the well done simple knives and less of the tacticalshmactical foofaraw,fixed OR folder. Your taste sir, is impeccable! 




 Saw The Exorcist at a midnight show while doing acid, walked home alone at 3AM shitting my pants the whole way. That movie was a horror milestone. 




 And the south shall rise again! 




 Ha ha! I drive like this in forza and gt5 and my wife laughs at me.Now I can show her that this is how it's supposed to be done! 




 For LOTR fans, Bored of the rings from Harvard lampoon. Frito,Dildo,Lego'lamb...Cracks me up every time! 




 The giant cartoon "Hotwheels" bother me much more than the red-neck balls thing. Kind of like people who put sweaters on pit-bulls. 




 Very nice! I like that you left the file grooves to show on the finished blade, a touch of "blue collar class". 




 Highest taxes in the nation. Welcome to New York,you're about to get fucked real hard! 




 Saw this years ago and died laughing,was never able to find it again. Thanks for digging it up! 




 Geronimoooooooo! 




 Ha ha! Some day I will learn how to turn off that annoying feature. 




 When I was a kid in the early 70's we thought we were all cool with our CAT knives...they were junk. Turned me off to Mercator for a long Time. Looking back, they were probably  Japan imports which back then were junk. Today,Japan is the same Great Quality as the Made in the USA of yesteryear if not better.Try here http://www.worldknives.com/ I have had good luck with Linder, Nieto, and the French, Swiss and Russian companies. Anything from Seiki Japan is nice. Hope this helps. 




 Great knife for the money,very well made.Carbon steel blade takes a fine edge and is easy to sharpen,has a second detent so the blade will stop at half way closed instead of just snapping shut. Try one out and post your opinion. Thanks for the interest :) 









 Do you expect me to talk? No Mr. Bond, I expect you to DIE! 




 Amen
 




 Great stuff,thanks. 




 Victorinox 




 Big   Tasty...LMFAO! 




 Mufuggin boom! 




 John Prine- Great days. Pink Floyd - Dark side of the moon.
David Bromberg- Howlatel yaplaytill 














 Pilots survival knife,those small saw teeth are meant for cutting through aluminum aircraft bodies.
 




 Made fresh daily. 




 Antivirus programs. 




 http://www.worldknives.com/products/mercury-special-stag-swingguard-folding-bowie-knife-8937xc-217.html 




 So true. 




 In an unused butcher block stand. I throw the silica gel pacs from my wifes meds in with them. 




 Vantage is a great knife for the money. It is also the only knife I own that it isn't a pain in the ass to use the pocket clip. 




 So awesome! 




 Kabar ships these with an extra set of black scales,(the fixed blades anyway),if you don't like the zombie look change the scales.I personaly love that logo. 




 Actually, this should be the official commercial.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdnJxDmJNmA 




 Another beautifull knife from Helle. Gets my vote! 




 Thanks for the interest everyone. I bought this as a show piece and would not want to ruin that beautifull polish by taking it in the field.I have used it in my kitchen though and it is razor sharp and well balanced.Finger guards? we don't need no steenking finger guards,LOL! As far as legal limits go,cops do whatever cops want to do.When I'm about town I just carry a small folder in my pocket,(Kershaw scallion),don't see the need for more than that. 









 Gillette goodnews twin blade razors. Shake dry when done,strop on your arm before next use,they last for months. 




 10 thumbs up! 




 The all new High-mac! 




 FYI people.The constitution of the united states of america was based on the system of the Iroqious federation of tribes. 
























 Grooms of the stool. 




 Collecting aston Martins! 




 The 20 somethings at my job don't know who Fonzie is. 




 Go soak your head! 




 Look at it this way, she's a coniving bitch and your better off without her.
She's using the new boyfriend to piss you off,what do suppose is in his future? Advice: If new guy wises up and dumps her, do not give in to her pleas to get back with you. 




 Cable. 




 Ha ha this is the spice of life! 




 You are such a moron, 




 Chem weapons found in iraq  were sold by american corps, google it.
 




 All these terms are just genaric now and thrown about willy nilly. they don't really mean someone is racist or a bigot or a hater. It's just pop culture. I lived in the south in the 80's in a small town, and saw real racisem hate and bigotry. If this guy stuck up for a gay, he meant well. Personally I am disgusted with all the polically correct language that is forced upon us. 




 Probably supplied by the US. 




 You are here. 




 The whole "Show her respect by spending a months wages on a diamond"
thing was an ad campaign started by De-beers in the 30's. 









 She was auditioning for GWAR ha ha! 









 I notice it mostly on net flix(bufferering) or downloading games or movies(hours of waiting). 









 Small town,big hospital. 









 See it all the time, the doctors wives look at you like shit on thier shoe if you ask them to move. 









 The Saturn was a good system and one game really stands out in my memory. Mr Bones was one of the best games I have ever played, my son and I spent hours and hours playing it. Every level was like a different game.  




 The village board has imposed a $2.00 parking fee on main street against the wishes of all the residents and businesses. If you go to Cooperstown or plan to, please protest this on the internet. Thank you.
 




 Just a basic shape like on a puko knife or japanese knife. 




 Ha ha! Pre- Murica! 




 This actually made the top 40! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxgagXVqZZM 




 Nope! Same with oil change.
 




 The right act like loud mouth overbearing baboons because that is how they see their fan base. The left act like better than you strutting peacocks because that is how they see THEIR fan base. In fact, none of them give a shit about all the social issues they go on and on about other than how many votes they can get.Who ultimately wins out of all this? BIG MONEY! They are all just hogs at a trough and if they have their way we will end up just like: Africa, India,South America...pick one. 




 Nice! If you ever make another like this I would be interesd in buying one, with mabey a slight change in handle shape. 




 Yeah yeah ,bite me. 




 I still hate this fucking show. 




 Took me about 10 years to figure out what he meant ,Ha ha! 




 Am I the only one here who got the joke? FYI most people I know who abuse welfare and food stamps are lazy fat ass white women. 




 I hate this fucking show. 




 Imitating Hoss from Bonanza always seems to work.Condescending city guy: "How's it goin there chief?"  Me: "Right fine, lil' fella!" Irate woman: "Blabbity blabbity I have never blah blah blah!" Me: "Eeeeasy big fella!" 




 Ha Ha! That one made me laugh! 









 If you fuck up a relationship, you have one right...The right to pay...and pay...and pay. 




 I was blinded by digg,...and then digg was gone. 




 Classic uncirculated doorstop. 




 Worked at a small restaraunt and Ben Vereen came in with a small party.After cooking their meal,I peeked out front to get a look at this ever smiling old school entertainer, and he was tearing his son a new asshole for screwing up the delivery of some equipment.
  Same place, Frank Gorshen comes in to drink at the bar, my boss offers to buy him a cognac if he will do the "Riddler laugh" which he did,quite loudly.We all cracked up, and then it just  snowballed and went on all night. 




 Yep!
 




 Four kicks. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Abr-XWJMeu0 list=PLCE076D505BB86812 




 The well done simple ones, are always my favorite ones.! 




 Freakin awesome! 




 Consumer cellular,GREAT company! Amazon is also very good. I once got a strange phone call at work one day,it was my State Farm car insurance agent calling to tell me she could adjust my policy and save me $200/year. 




 You are a mature, smart, successfull woman. Stop acting like an 8th grade cheerleader basking in the attention you you get from your little group of lazy, ass kissing dramma queens.The people who actually work are getting tired of this shit.SHTAAAAAAP! 




 leather jacket and engineer boots optional! 




 Duh, he ran over a blue power-up! 




 Linux 




 What model is the green one? I haven't seen that one before. 









 Dancng with the stars. 




 Wake up you fucking idiots! 




 Wide world of sports. 




 Nice work! 




 The only sports I watch are racing, (any thing but NASCAR) and boxing sometimes 




 3 Thumbs up! 




 It,s already happening here in the US. A few years ago there was a drought and Georgia was theatening to go to war with Tennessee over a shared lake on the border.Meanwhile the Gator-aid plant in Georgia continued to use million of gallons of water every day. It is  illeagal to harvest rain water in Colorado. Ever see a picture of the fabulous fountains in Vegas? A few miles down stream people are starving because what once was a river is now a muddy trickle. Where I live, companies are lobbying for the right to drill for gas by pumping thousands of gallons of chemicals deep into the ground and for up to  a quarter mile or so laterally.In pennsylvania, where this has gone on for a while, people can light their well water on fire and whole towns have been ruined. The gas comany will supply them with trucked in water while they drill, but after they move on they are fucked. This is just in the US,it is 100 times worse in third world countries and the propblem is not the population, it is the corperations. 




 After extensive research I have narrowed all disorders down to one syndrome,SSED (sugar,shit food, energy drinks,douche bag parents). 




 Monsanto: Fucking the small farmer for the last 100 years! 




 Reality is strong in this one! 




 Slapstick 




 Hope they get away with that! 




 I see this all the time in upstate NY, $ 100,000 suv that has never seen rougher terrain than the suburbs of Jersey, with a crew of: Douchey middle age white guy with a sleeveless shirt and backwards hat.Peg Bundy.Snotty, rude kids dressed in designer clothes.  




 Best rat bike ever! 









 The US allowing the federal national bank to take control of our economy. 




 Fuck you ,there are many talented kids out there who deserve recognition. Just because they didn't get a chance to be on "Americas' biggest media whore" doesn't make them invalid. 




 You mean the dirty hands from getting doggy fucked on a warehouse floor? 




 War kills people, Cops kill people,Politicians kill people.My old 22? It only kills woodchucks and the occasional pesky squirrel or rabbit. 




 "Women weaken legs" 




 Whiner. 




 I remember seeing an episode of "Wide world of sports" many years ago that took place on a beach in Main,don't remember the event, but half the segment was upstaged by a 7 foot lobster that was hanging out on the beach. 




 Keep it up, you have something there! 




 Love the wood scales!
 




 Is there gas in the chain saw? 




 Gives us its tips, precious! 




 Scene from History channels' new series,"Swamp logger dogs" 




 Ah,the good old days,when singers had talent! 




 The bible has been rewritten countless times by men who were arguabley the politicians of their times. 




 Bones. 




 Nothing will happen,never does. 




 This once pretty girl can now be sure that guys aren't just after her for her looks. 




 I just want to celebrate-Rare Earth. 
Every day people- Sly and the family stone. 
From 30,000 feet- John Anderson. 




 Mabey it was meant to piss you off. 




 He's all powerfull,all seeing,all knowing,...but he neeeeds money! 




 Gas up my lawn tractor with a smoke in my mouth. 









 I love this show,always cracks me up! 




 These are fairly common tourist fare at native american events. 




 Your bravery deserves an upvote. 




 My old boss used to hire this type to work in a family diner because
 in his words,"She's really nice if you talk to her" and "pretty girls bring in customers". If he didn't have more money than me I'
d have beat the piss out of him. 




 Well said, my bad on the Bucks.I hope someone reads this thread
besides you and I because that is another point,heat treating, cryo treating, forging vs stock removal,ancient method of burying the steel to rust then removing the rust,all these and more are valid points to study
if one is interested in knives. 




 Come on guys, she's just trying to work her way through college 




 If you put the City limits sign in your mirror you will see them. 




 No thanks,I hate eating the rich, they are too gamey and taste like bullshit. 




 Sorry dude. 




 Good point, I too have noticed "bragging rights" syndrome.
It's usually about brands, but what really bugs me is the whole
"super steel" thing. There is no super steel,different steels are made
for different purposes, period. D2 is good for a camp knife while 
carbon steel is better for a butcher knife,VG10 holds an edge forever
but if you use it to chop wood or bone it chips and takes forever to sharpen. 440c is a good all around choice used by Buck and many
custom makers for years. If it's well made and works it's a good 
knife IMHO. 




 Getting married. 




 Don't like it ...don't watch it.
Don't like it... don't listen to it.
Shut the fuck up 




 My late dox-beagle,(Diesel?), Willy used to hang out under the porch.
One day a guy came walking past with 2 big red dobies,Willy came
charging out snarling and growling like a fucking rabid badger rocket ship.The dobies go into fight mode and turn to meet his charge,
Willy does this ninja side step,rolls and comes up underneath them snapping at their bellys then out the other side to snap at their asses.
Poor bastard holding the leashes was trussed up good by this time and I'm sorry-ing like a Canadian as I gather up my little "stretch- lowrider"
and put him in the camper where he got a chewy and a well deserved
ATTABOY!
 




 Brawwk,Polly want a deer! 




 Stephen King needs to write a movie around that girl. 




 Clever,made me laugh. Thanks! 




 Give them the bums rush I say. In the end all they want is for you to give money to the church. 




 "Dyein ain't no way to make a livin, boy" Josie wales. 




 No shit sherlock 
























 Greed. 




 Female Dalek, EJACULATE!,EJACULATE! 




 how one guy in a suit with a hand gun can take on a squad of fully armed assault troops. 




  No, they drove down the wages 














 I am inclined to agree with brightbrightfish. My grandpa came here from Germany in the 30's and while he loved his heritage he never bragged about it. He played harmonica and acordian,made willow crafts, was an acomplished wood worker in the old ways ect, but first and formost he was an American.  if anyone referred to him as a German he would let them know that he worked hard to get here and even harder to learn the language and pass the tests to become a citizen of the USA and he was proud of that.Whatever happened to that way of thinking? 




 '67 beetle 




 The only confession bear I have ever up-voted. 




 Frequency. If you are a ham radio operator this movie was a comedy. 




 poershe 




 Sliced open from my balls to my ass to drain an abcess,no anesthetic because of all the puss,then the doctor digging it out with his finger. 




 Shadap! 




 Ha ha! So true. 




 In the summertime by Mongo Jerry 




 None of those are as bad as that Axe shit that kids like to bathe in. 




 Barbra Eden 




 Shoes are even worse. 




 Great idea,good luck! 




 Agreed, this is the 2'cnd pic I have seen this week of a lawn like that! 




 But FBI access to them is aparently still the same. 




 Why is this news? They used this same method to catch mobsters 20 years ago. 




 Played this for hours with my son,what a great time!Fuckin mini vans!Wish they would make a modern version. 




 I think your dad may have it backwards,This is typical of native style construction.Where the handle and blade meet both would be notched,wrapped with whatever open on the blade end, and liquid babbit(a pewter like metal) would be poured in to form the bolster.As an after thought,I imagine this was probably learned from the pioneers as I have seen old tools put together this way. 




 I take baths instead of a shower,so relaxing. 




 Music evolves first from imitation then inspiration then inovation.The blues came from African spirituals . Blue grass came from colonial spirituals.Combine them and write risque lyrics: Rock N Roll! Combine all that with a Europian accent:The British invasion of the 60's. Any musician that whines about another copying his "style" is a douch.Never heard Muddy Waters complain about other artists playing electric guitar,and never heard Hound Dog Taylor complain about George thorogood playing loud distorted slide. 




 Nasty pussy. 




 I agree.That being said, I also feel that a person buying from a breeder should also have to prove their ability to understand the needs of a certain breed and their sincerity to provide a stable home.ASPCA requires this to a certain degree,it should go double  for breeders.Too many people buy pets based on their own vanity then dump them when the responsability kicks in. 




 Where I live,If you say you have more than a couple drinks a week social workers start coming to your bed side to "help" you. 




 Walmart. 




 Net flix has it. 




 Actually this happens far to often. 




 Frank Zappa would have loved this guy,shut up and play your guitar!
 




 Gates is using his money to try to better the world ,I love that. But don't forget the "Woz", a genious who never compromised himself for money. 




 A stupid old flash game called Castle Attack,used to play this for hours just to hear the funny death screams. 




 Astrophysics,holy crap! 




 Smaller cereal boxes,raise price on detergent and call it concentrated. 




 Was in this situation,met the boyfriend and niether of us cared.We used to joke like this....https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_u3YRZb74w 




 Ha Ha! Commenter is obviously from Japan where cat face octopus porn is commonplace. 




 Well said,few people understand this. 




 Gotta love The Post! 




 I hope this is true. 




 Yup, it works. I also put them in my tool box,furnace coal(not charcoal) will also work. 




 Hint: Save the silica pacs from med bottles and toss them in that drawer. 




 This made me laugh! My grandpa was German and his favorite joke was that the word for bra is keepzumphrumphloppin.Which brings me to my point,it's a JOKE fer chrissakes! 




 Hendrix was a master,I hate this kind of shit.
 




 Top Gear= one of the best shows on TV!
 




 As an American I would call this snooping. show up at 8pm unanounced and see if you can find something to gossip about. Dealt with it before and told people to not be so rude.
 




 Yes I do. The design is perfect for what I use it for. More of a cooks knife than a chef knife. 









 " Hey chief!" "How ya doin there sport!" and "There he is!" 




 creature from the black lagoon. 




 I hate the cesspool of organized religion,but I must give this man credit for leading by example and practicing what he preaches. 




 Ha ha! I was going to say this and it was the first thing I saw when I went to comments. Well done, you beat me by three minutes! 




 laughed so hard at this! 




 dick head. 




 what kind of "artist" would agree to do this? 




 Cut throat Island.Hot babe,swashbuckling, epic ship battles, romance,what more could you want? 




 Kershaw or Buck. 




 Reposts. 




 Clean them up and then google their value.Old Case knives are always worth something, probably the Marbles too. Both are worth keeping. 




 This guy is just another Sharpten media whore,a cigar? ,Really?
I agree that racism is alive and well in this country, but when I see this kind of shit it makes my heart sink. If you really care about the issue then adress it intelligently. BTW Zimmerman is some kind of Hispanic and the victem was black.These guys have seperate gangs that hate each other,no whitey involved. In the end it's the money that wins every time. 
  




 This man is a patriot.Anyone who thinks our government cares about the common man/woman is deluded. It's all about taking our money and giving it to the corps. Any dissent will be picked up by the nsa and sent into the prison system. So sad. 




 Two things you should never buy at a gas station: Knives, sushi. 




 Dying ain't no way to make a living.
 




 Wadaya lookin at? Get to work slackers! 




 Repair clothes/shoes. Find wild plants to eat. 




 Hire Pinky and The Brain as consultants. 




 It's the little video game character standing on her shoulder that makes her hot. 




 Go to history and find your previous page. 




 ha ha, good one! 




 I myself have been predicting all this shit for years, and it's only gonna get worse.No matter who you vote for. 




 I bow to the master! 




 ha ha! I died there many times! 




 Where's Sonic? 




 brand names.
 




 They do fund NASA in secret,the mission is to beam up all our paychecks to outer space and then use the money to fuck us some more. 




 Some people go out just to vent their anger on someone.
That being said, go to a privatley owned  eatery where the staff are professional.
 




 SHTAAAAP! 




 My ex would attack like a she-zilla and if I pushed her away it was,"YOU PUT YOUR HANDS ON ME!" Did the same to her son and tried to have him arrested. Some loonys use that poor woman thing to their advantage. 




 Easy buddy! Not trashin anyones biz or Palatka itself,just a true culture shock story.I didn't name the place and there are alot of bars around there. Had some good friends there and miss alot of things about it, the prices at Millers,take a drive to Hastings and pick up free taters along the road,my friends at the Clock,the river(Georgia sucks!)Palatka song writers,pig races at the fair,tales of the Bardin booger,The Oasis(I got freinds in low places) and so on.But my original post is true,not rumor and not the only story I could have told. It's just how some people were when I lived there.


 




 I lived in Palatka in the late 80's. Was in a bar and noticed there was a drive-up window but no driveway , asked if they were putting one in. "Nah, that's where the the nagers order then they goes n sits in the barn out there." 




 Hey,nice dress. It would look great crumpled up on my bedroom floor! 




 smoke a few one hits, watch some South Park and laugh out loud. 




 My hat goes off to you sir! 




 Monsanto moth,if it stings you they sue you for venom infringment. 




 If I find any more I will post them,Thanks for the interest. 




 Poor Billy Raye! 




 I love my Shuns,great steel,great looks and no heel,I hate the heel.
The handles are also a joy. Would I use my Shuns at work in a super busy 20 seat tourist town diner? ARE YOU CRAZY?! They hang on the wall in their bamboo "Shrine" and I use them for special dishes. I also love my original Pure Komachi set,cheap but very sharp and look nice.
I use these daily at home for light duty stuff. My home beater is an old high carbon forged that I had professionally reground. The point being,
buy what you like and don't listen to self professed experts,most of them are not experts.If you like it get more,If not,well now ya know.
I agree Vics are the best buy and always recomend them to my home use friends but they're not for me. "Far better than Shun for less"?
DON"T YOU BELIEVE IT! Those are German brands trying to imitate Shun. As far as the edge holding debate goes,serious Japanese chefs
sharpen their knives on a stone EVERY day. The knife I use at work?
 A gaudy tv personality signature knife that I bought on a whim and turned out to be perfect for what I need at work. Ha Ha! enjoy your Shuns! 




 At work we use waitress abrbeviations as joke insults:
"Hurry up ya feakin BBmuf!" " Yeah I'm commin Sesbag!" 




 Just watched this on Netflix and was fascinated. posted the youtube link so everyone can enjoy. 









 Spot on! 




 Douk-Douk knives are very nice for the price. 




 Money 




 Political influence. 




 Mall junk 




 Strap in folks, it's only gonna get worse. Those scum-bags don't even pretend to be working for us anymore. 




 Only two? 




 Saw the origanal Lynyrd Skynyrd band back in the day at an amphitheater with a huge lawn for outdoor seating.Security in those days was just some rent-a-cops to keep people from jumping over the fence.this was THE biggest party I have ever been to, probably 16 to 18 thousand people,booze,all the illicit stuff,everyone just having a rowdy good time and Skynrd were spot-on kick-ass JAMMIN!
But wait...there's more! They played just about all their stuff except Free bird and Sweet home Alabama and said good-night,crowd is really nuts with encores, lighters,(remember that?) and rebel yells.
They come back on and do a short set and finish with Free bird then say good-night again.Crowd is now going nuts again and this goes on for about 1/2 an hour, the stage is dark and people are starting to get ready to leave.A loud voice from the darkness says, "What song is it you wanna hear?"and then,dun dun dada da dun dun dada,and the stage lights up like a Christmas tree.A confederate flag big enough to cover the entire back-stage drops and they launch into Sweet home.
I have never seen anything like it, it was raining beer cans, the screaming could drown out a jumbo-jet,just...nuts. One last thing, this was in upstate NY.
 




 There is a theory that the roots mirror the branches. 




 Rough side with compound for general use,smooth side just as it is for an ultra fine edge. 




 People are good with a little A-1. 




 Eddie Haskel,what a douche. 




 What's red and white on the outside and grey on the inside?
Campbells cream of elephant soup.
What are the specks between an elephants toes?
Slow running pygmies.
How many phsyciatrists does it take to change a light bulb?
Just one, but it takes a long time and the light bulb must really want to change. 




 Very nice! 




 Hobo with a shotgun. 




 Foot ball,base ball. 




 Mega-shark 





























 Saved this for wall paper,thanks! 




 I agree with you on your comment on entry level chef knives, but would like to point out that this kid says he knows nothing about knives. A Victrorinox is good in this case,if I had a Tojiro or a Masakage back in the 70's my nickname would be Stubby and my knives would be rusted.I would advise a beginner to start mid-range and work up from there if they feel comfortable. 




 http://www.knifeworks.com/ka-barusarmy115thanniversaryknifewleathersheath.aspx 




 I have a mini-vulcan and a topo meridian and love them both. You have to pick and choose now days as most companies have begun putting out some shit knives along side of their good ones and it is not always easy to tell which is which. 




 I noticed that every time the gov. starts trying to sell us a war, the local country radio station starts cranking out the hyper patriotic,flag waving,911, hero soldier,kick the enemies ass songs. 




 The 877-cash now song,I always sing to it. 




 High end SOG knives like the tom cat or the vulcan come with vg-10 blades and are very well built but a bit pricey.Only have one from CRKT, a fulcrum,that I bought as more of a novelty than a carry. 




 Nice! 




 Time to cash in the 401k! 




 More sheeps foot than warncliffe,"Lil' big foot". 




 Designer label clothing 




 That is a very nice classic knife in good condition,You might get $40 or so for it on e-bay. A better plan would be to  store it well,keep it nice,and while you're cleaning it take the time to apreciate some fine old time craftmanship. 




 Better than calling you uncle George or Grandpa! 




 Love this. 




 Ha! This cracked me up. As my wife gets older her voice, body language and manerisems become more like her mom. 




 What brand? 




 Nice,I have one of these and use it a lot in the yard and such. 









 really like the stag handle one. what is it? 




 People always are worried on how to sharpen a recurve,just strop it on your leg before it gets too dull. 




 Pricey but very well made, http://www.knifeworks.com/sogminivulcansanmaizytelhandletantobladeplainedge.aspx 




 From waaaaaay back in the day,Moose Sholack. 




 "Dying ain't no way to make a livin boy" Josie Wales. 




 Shoes.
 




 Voter ID laws are designed to prevent certain demographics from voting. The only election frauds that have been exposed in the US are all the product of the incumbant partys. 




 Churchill 




 Peepers isn't saying anything,but he is thinking "Keep this shit up and I'm gonna shit in your head-phones,DOUCHEBAG!" 




 This is why you need to stay in school,kids. 




 Not that there's anything wrong with that! 




 Half of the younger guys I know shave their heads,it has caught on. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5tVbVu9Mkg It's just so wrong on so many levels,cracks me up every time. NSFW 




 Peggle works for me. 




 clark cutlery XLT made from 1899/1926. 




 I want one of these! 









 I don't think you will be disapointed 




 While I agree with with Weebus that you can get sharper and better performing knives for the same or a little less money than Shuns,I wouldn't say they are vastly over-priced.It depends on what you want.Shuns are marketed toward the home user and you are paying for the look and fit and finish as well as the blade,I have a set of 6 so far and they,re all flawless and better than most crap out there. I also have a Masakage blue steel2 gyuto that puts them to shame edge-wise,same price as my biggest Shun much better blade but not as pretty and needs more care.Want a fast car that will impress people? buy an Aston-Marton.Want to go faster than every one? Buy an old model A with a 454 big block.Want to slice frozen Turkey? look here http://www.husqvarna.com/us/forest/products/xp-saws/346-xp-e-tech-triobrake/ 




 My fuckin fire-truck bitch! 









 Thanks for the interest it was my brothers, who passed 20 years ago.Don't know how long he had it. I'll never sell it. 




 Stop cutting when you get to your finger(Chef advice). 




 Economic bigotry, "I'm wealthy so it's OK to stomp on the less fortunate".
 




 Developed a large nasty abscess on my taint(area between balls and ass),went to ER and was told it had to be sliced open and drained.I am
laying on my side with my ass stuck out and one knee up listening to the doctor warning me that this is going to hurt  when the door opens and another doctor asks if I would mind  a young pretty female med student observing the procedure,ever the polite one,I agree.The next 5 minutes were the most painfull and embarrassing of my life. 









 16 years old and not a single dis,dat, sup or nigga,amazing! 




 No lack of quality on this knife,it is very tight and well built. 









 Those are very nice,I'm sure they are collectible.Dollar value depends on many variables.Look on the main blades to see which company made them and google that for a start.Having the sheaths is a big plus. 




 Don't know, I got these from a flea market awhile back just to save them. I actually worked on the Cattaraugus a bit with some sand-paper but that is as far as I got. I shake my head and tear up when I look at the Puma. 




 They are  good knives and come sharp out of the box,just be aware that these are carbon steel and need a little exta care. 




 Top one is my Guy Fieri cheapo beater that I use at work,I like the design of this one. Bottom one is a Dojo brand gyuto wich is a very nice entry level Japanese style knife. 




 Two old classics ruined,such a shame. 














 It came with the knife,nice quality. 




 Very nice,440C and sharp 




 Sorry 




 What the fuck has carpet got to do with a nice knife? 




 I could be wrong but I think they were bought out by Bench Made 




 This is a well done hand made knife,blade is the russian version of 440C.
Came shaving sharp when I got it. However the link I sent you is not where I got this from and I notice that the sheath is a bit different than mine. No problems on mine at all. 




 Sadly, I don't know if these are still available new. I think Lone Wolf is part of Bench made now. 




 http://kizlyarus.com/index.php?main_page=product_info cPath=83_5 products_id=33  Thanks for the interest! 














 You can see this on Netflix by comparing the run times of old shows vs new ones. 




 Guy in a scuba suit passed out in a small creek. 




 A giraffe being born and no, the mother does not lie down, the poor little guy just falls out from 10' up. 




 I wish this would be redone for a modern console. 




 That's alot of BOOOM! 




 R.I.P. He was the only actor I have ever seen who could do slapstick as well as Dick VanDyke. Three's Company still cracks me up after all this time. 




 Introduced me to my ex wife. 




 SHHHH! they mght hear you! 




 How about gay wrestling or the gay toss at an Aussie bar? 




 Thank you for adressing my question. I was not looking for a "polished vs rough edge" debate when I made this post,just wondering if anyone has tried a different grit on each side of the edge to improve a cheap knife that will not cut or hold an edge as well as a nice knife.I have some very nice polished knives and they would fit my needs,but I will not use them at my "battle station" nor will I take the time to treat my beater as a high end blade.Once again,thank you for your input. 




 No comments on the way Masakage knives are sharpened yet,just some guy bragging. Anyone? 




 Why would you bother to comment if you did not read my question? 




 Yes it can,but a polished edge meant for chopping will not slice a ripe tomatoe as well as a rougher edge. I use my high end stuff early in the AM for prep, then when we open I throw my beater on the board and have at it. It is a cheap knife and I am looking for the best of both worids.I have made my living with knives for the past 30+ years.Am I doing something wrong? I don't think so 




 Beater means that this thing lays on my sandwich bar all day and gets shoved around and sometimes dropped. Must slice tomatoes,chop mushrooms onions   peppers,cut sandwiches ect...ect. 




 My beater knife must chop and slice equally well, plus take a major beating every day.I recently read a good article on the "toothey" vs polished debate and the author half  jokingly said  "A little toothey at the back ,and polish the rest".I thought Hmmmm?. Then I read that the guy who sharpens Masakage and other high end knives uses a different grit on each side of the blade. Has anyone tried this? any thoughts? Knife in question is a cheap German stainless blade,but a step up from the stuff from sysco ect. 




 What the fuck is a libertarian? Do you mean organized crime? 




 I agree with that 100%. It's not the working class that's breaking us, it's the greedy corps. 




 Here in the USA the gov handed out over a trillion dollars to folding banks, who split up the money and had a big party on me and other TAX payers. Then they whine about paying back the money they owe to the people. 




 Genetically inclined? Birds and certain mammals are genetically inclined to learn to use tools to feed themselves,I place them above you sir,unless your post was a joke, in which case I aplaude your sarcasm. 




 Well said. 




 If you earn a paycheck you are taxed for unemployment, how is this welfare? 




 Ha Ha!, You got the joke! 




 Glad to be of help,Google carbon steel knife care and the rest of your questions will be answered. 




 It was a joke 




 It was a joke dude! 




 $5? You are a heartless bastard. 




 There IS a soup kitchen for the rich,it's called Washington DC. 




 Old carbon steel butcher knife. 




 Stupidity of youth. 




 Home made,my wife got it from her great grandma many years ago. 




 Thanks for the interest everyone,I got it here.   http://www.chefknivestogo.com/masakagemizu.html   




 This is not a cheap knife,I got it here.   http://www.chefknivestogo.com/masakagemizu.html   




 Hand forged Masakage gyuto, these are in the same price range as Shun Classics. 




 I have an Edge Pro with Shapton stones. 









 Very nice! 




 Don't fuck with the cook. 




 As someone who has made a nice living on tips for the past 15 years: Tips are not mandatory,they are earned with good service and attitude. 




 For my friends at Oneys' 




 My first love! 




  I work in a small diner where cooks and servers both get minimum and split tips 50/50,best money I ever made. 




 HA HA,made me laugh! up-vote! 




 Your suffering will be legendary even in hell! 




 and turn into the next drive way. 
























 Cops that shoot dogs are pieces of shit,if you can't handle an agressive animal without killing it you are a pussy and should not be in law enforcment. 









 The Gunslinger series by Steven King. 




 US Gov. They are the carnies, you are the rube. 




 "Have you seen me?" by GWAR. 




 Good score,a Case! 




 He is great but I was laughing and translating the lyrics in my head..I'll rip your arm off and shove it up your ass.Don't you worry,the pain it soon will pass,when I kick your face into next week.now your just a greasy spot beneath my sneaker. 




 I had one of these and loved it,a real piece of art. Gave it to my son a few years back as a gift. you can find them here,  http://www.worldknives.com/manufacturers/chambriard-knives-hand-made-pocket-culinary-knives-26.html 




 Hey,nice dress.It would look great crumpled up on my bedroom floor! 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CBShoN2bhA 




 Took my young daughter to a game farm one day and this happened. The mother did not lie down or squat and the calf just dropped out from 10' or so,amazing! 




 A giraffe being born. 




 Married with children. 




 spiderman by the Ramones. 




 Absofuckinloutly gorgeous! 




 yeah,order lab equipment online and get free next day delivery of a swat team at your door. 




 Love that car! 




 Weight loss or penis enlargment pills. 




 Op here...http://www.reddit.com/user/ElvisMariePresley 




 There's always a cab when you need one,one guy with a hand gun wins a fight against a bunch of guys with military weapons. 




 Thanks for the interest but I am not the OP, I thought that knife people would find this interesting so I reposted this to that "OTHER SUB", got no love there and reposted again to here.Just wanted to share some nice knives. Enjoy! 









 Farscape 




 Do you ever even clean that thing!? 




 When I was first learning the trade at 15 years old, Mr. Budini would say,"If ya gotta look at a recipe, ya don't know what yer doin ya stupid sumdababitch!"  Learn what goes good with what and know your spices.Soon you will be creating your own recipes. 




 Umm, honey? About the 401k... 




 I spend all morning making home made soups stews and specials,then I work the line and yes I flip burgers.I consider myself more of a chef than the "Cryo-pac jockeys" at most chains. 




 Fuck you! I have made a very good living"Flipping Burgers" my whole life.I hate people who trash chefs/cooks and try to put them into the same category as trash collectors and such.FUCK YOU! 









 How do you like the Massakage? I have a mizu gyuto and it kicks ass! 









 Handy dandy 




 Take a piss after picking cayenne peppers. 




 I remember seeing a news article along time ago,(90's mabey?) that Bob Denver was arrested for trying to send some pot to her in a letter.Gilligan knows who's the hottest! 




 That is my favorite Beatles song! 




 Bobby Magee,Janis. 




 What about Billy the mountain? Zappa and the Mothers live album. 




 In the US, be very carefull about how you say things when you text or call back home.A phrase like "We came here to party and we're gonna burn this city up!" will probably get you detained and deported. 




 And Buck. 




 Why is this an issue? People are just trying to be happy. Fuck religion. 




 Purty! 




 No #'s after my name,be creative! 




 I went to a free concert back in the early 90's featuring "Muddy Waters' guitar player".Was expecting an old blues man to come out and sit in a chair and play some acoustic blues.Buddy came out in a red coverall with a wireless guitar and blew the fucking roof off the place! He was out in the crowd and even up in the balconey,what a showman,been a big fan ever since. 




 If Al Bundy and Red Foreman did a movie I would be so happy. 




 And a fine blues singer. 




 Imagine the Red Green show being marketed as a "reality" show,and the stores are  trying to sell you Red Green diapers or Red Green shampoo,ect...ect...that is Duck Dynasty. Bye the way,what ever happened to Red Green,I loved that show 




 Then they would set up camp close to where they fell and spend months processing the meat, hides, bones, ect, ect for their own use and for trade goods. After that they would move on to find a winter camp to settle into and in the sping the cycle would begin again.Taking that much game at one time would have been a huge piece of luck and and seen as a gift from the spirits. 




 Anything by SRV or Buddy Guy. 




 This was a joke about knife collecting posted to a sub about knife collecting.You sound like you're talking about gambling or drug addiction!Get over yourself Dr fuckin Phil! 




 HA HA! Thanks all.To be fair,my wife is a quilter and she says I can't understand why she keeps buying fabric. 









 Italian sausage and peppers,eaten with big buttery slices of Italian bread. YUM! 




 That is one sweet knife! 




 Old guy here,never liked family guy because I just don't think it's funny,south park is so much better. 









 877 cash now! 




 Ceramic knives don't live up to the hype. Your money would be better spent on a steel knife. 




 Amazon carries replacment parts for SAK's. 




 Anyone else see the bird on the mountain? 




 Really like this,nice work! 




 Benchmade, Spyderco, ZT too.
My Christmas wish is to see something new! 




 Learn to cook, eat and drink at home instead of restaraunts and above all don't get married. 




 Take care of this one! Cattaraugus knives were good quality and made in NY state,they shut down in the early 60's. 




 Because girls get all horny over "sensitive" guys. 




 I have a set of the original pure Komachi knives which are very nice light duty kitchen knives made in Japan.They were very,very popular so Kershaw decided to use cheaper steel,shitty plastic handles, move production to China and call them Pure Komachi 2. I like Kershaw knives but that was a shitty move.I would not expect much quality on these. 




 GE 




 Yep! 




 that IS wierd,works on my ps3 but I always have to pause a few minutes at the start,on my 360 it just plays.Mabey it's location or something. 




 The small town I work in is like this,people just stroll into the road without looking. 




 Has Sony upgraded Their servers? I always watch netflix on my 360 because I don't have to wait for buffering. 




 HA HA! Hope you are enjoying this one! 




 I've been looking for a knife with very specific characteristics for a long time.First and foremost,it had to chop,slice and do tip-work all equally well.secondly,it had to be light, nimble and easy to use on the fly in a fast short-order kitchen on the 2'/10" cutting board of my sandwich bar. last but not least,it had to be under $100 and not so fancy that I would cringe to beat it up. I'm an old school chef and don't believe in cutting up tons of stuff ahead of time.I use a heavier, taller gyuto knife to make my soups and specials in the AM,then go to this as I do orders.I tried so many of my knives for this and it was always a trade off,a tad long or short, good sweet spot for chopping but no good for tip work,nice tip and belly but no chop spot.Ran across this by chance and I love it! 









 Correct,you win a biscuit! 




 I agree, but we are not splitting hairs here,If you live in the suburbs and drive a Hummer that never leaves the pavement,you are an extreme douche.
 




 Humvee, king of all douche-mobiles 




 Good bye life savings,Stokholm here I come! 




 Don't buy ceramic kitchen knives, you will be disappointed.Search instead for Victorinox, Kershaw or Dexter to name a few. 




 German made.Nice knife,keep it and treat it well.Search youtube about sharpening. P.S. This is probably an import from the 70's. 




 In a drawer, and I throw in every silica gel pac from the meds my wife and I take 




 Meh,Hetz rent a car already did it. 




 Taxes. 




 Kids will wear shirts for pants and pants on their head. 




 I have collected knives and also used them to make a living my entire life,I'm no expert but here's my take:You can drive yourself crazy with edge theory,or any other theory for that matter.If an edge works for you it's good,period. Unless you are a world class wood carver or an internationaly acclaimed sushi chef,you don't need to inspect your blade with a microscope.I hear the same arguments about theory on ham radio,I am talking to a guy in Russia while another guy here in the US is telling me why my antenna wont work. 




 Fine collection,keep them well! 














 Yhea,I get it. Try a Tomcat or a Vulcan, it might change your mind. 




 Bone,copper,D-2 









 Yhea,if you are young get used to it, you will see it more and more as you get older. 




 I threw the "Big man in town" out of my kitchen a few months ago,tried to be polite but the fat-ass just ignored me until I got in his face. 




 I have seen seen people totally abusing the server while at at the same time explaining to their kids that they have to know their "station in life",arrogant enough? 




 Bobcat Goldthwait. 




 I used to have a job where I would have to portion out 200# of raw fish every Wed. Nobody ever sat next to me on the way home! 




 Love it! That style is known as a "sunfish" or "elephant toe" and they are very collectable. 




 Ok then,from the top down: Linder mini hunter, Nieto picnic knife, Spyderco something, Kershaw double cross and Therias   L 'econome. 




 Got it from World knives,it is out of stock now. Mabey E-Bay? 




 Don't be sorry,most of the people that would bust on you for using a good sharpener are just hipsters and fan boys. The only good hand sharpeners in the world are people who have devoted their entire lives to it. 




 As requested,I posted a short review.Thank you for your interest 




 I love that little Nieto picnic knife,comes mostly sharp,could be better. A few imperfections such as a buffer burn on the corner of one scale, and in my case a tiny nick in the edge of the main blade.Not a deal breaker for me as I can easily correct that when I get to it.Build is very tight and right,both blades walk well and have a good snap.Overall I'm happy with this knife and would buy from this maker in the future 




 That would be a  kershaw Double cross,made in Japan by Kershaws Kai division.Sadly, it and it's larger brother the double duty have been discontinued. 









 Fuck you. 




 Their high-end knives are great,the rest just so so. 




 Grew up with that nonsense,we even had "Sacred ash-trays"! 




 Sweet! 




 masakagi mizu. 




 Old Hickory and Dexter knives are good,the rest are junk.$3.00,ya done good kid! 
























 Amen. i've been in the kitchen for years because I actually love what I do.I think some people just see it as a job and become bitter. 




 On my days off after a hard week I like to spend a few hours on video games on easy.I just want to blow stuff up, win races,kick some ass and not be challenged.It is a great way to blow off steam. 




 For a beginner Victorinox. 




 Never went,not in debt. 




 Not sure, but the few times I've tried to get into another line of work I just found myself wandering aimlessly on weekends and holidays wondering what the fuck to do. 




 Yhea,alot of fan boy type nonsense over there. So far I'm very happy with the Richmond.Mine is a 240mm extra tall in AEB-L steel,factory edge shaved hair but dragged a bit when I tried chopping instead of my usual rocking,a few strokes on a ceramic stick did the trick.I do plan on dressing this up with some stones and strops and expect it will take a pretty sick edge that can be maintained with a strop.Handle could be a bit fatter for my taste but not really an issue with a pinch grip.One thing that really impressed me was the nice edge rounding on the spine and below the handle,you rarely see this on a sub $100 dollar knife.Bottom line,I'm happy with this knife,but the saga continues and looking at the second tab I have open,I simply must have one of those sweet looking Northwoods. 




 Ha HA! Thank you for your interest. Yes this is a different photo from the one you saw,I posted this one to FB for some freinds. One knife I use all the time at work is a (GASP!) Guy Fieri knife,a tiny step up from the white handle crap you find  in any kitchen, but the ergonomics of it are great,I love the handle, it doesn't hold an edge well, but I can give it a good edge in a hurry off the back of a plate or a steel,nothing wrong with that, and it looks good to the custumers when they they walk through my kitchen to use the bathroom.I work in a tiny and very busy diner so this is importent. The bottom two in my pic Are what I use the most when we are rocking,these sit on my sandwich board and  chop/slice onions peppers shrooms ect.. on the fly.
I like to give them fresh. I also use a Richmond Artifex for prep before we open.The top knife  is a Masakagi  and it will never see the diner,that one is a piece of art. I carry med stuff because I've had to wrap up too many kids with paper towels or whatever.Thank you again,it was good to get an intelligent response to one of my posts. 




 Recently was thrashed on another sub because I use low to mid-range knives at work and leave my good stuff home.Took this pic for FB and saw that it validates my choice. 









 Every time I'm asked for a recipe I chuckle to myself.Many years ago I asked my first boss,Mr Budini,about a recipe.He said and I quote "If ya gotta lookada recipe ya don know watta f***k ya doin,recipe for da baker ya dumb bastard!"I still laugh about that! Anyway I posted my "method" in a seperate comment,thanks for the interest! 




 I don't really use recipes or measure much but here goes,adjust amounts acording to how much you are making.Brown 2#of sausage links or rope and set aside(brown over charcoal if you want to go the extra mile!).Julienne 1/2 large onion and 2 large green peppers,chop 2 or 3 cloves garlic.Pour 2 cans stewed or plum tomatoes into a bowl and crush with your hand,(I prefer stewed).Saute' onions garlic and 1/3 of the peppers until nice and brown,deglaze the pan with beer,wine,water,whatever,cook of excess liquid and add tomatoes.Chunk up the sausage and add that.Simmer for 2 hours then add Italian spice to taste(I like a little cayanne for some back bite),and the remaining peppers.Simmer 1  more hour or so. Can be served over pasta or eaten on rolls. Hope this helps, thanks for the interest! 




 Use stew veal instead of sausage and you have a delicious old time favorite.This was a staple in italian restaraunts years ago but I don't see it done much anymore. I just buy the bread,flour and i don't get along! 




 Sausage and peppers, soon to be served over tortellini with big slices of buttery bread. 









 Victorinox has good knives in the $50 range. 




 My favorite toy was my mutha fukin fire truck bitch! 




 A modern version of Road Rash. 




 That everything is all about money. That is the bottom line,it's pounded into our heads from childhood on. 




 I know what you mean,I used my Masakagi at work a few times and spent the whole day worrying about chipping it. 




 If $100 is too much then Victorinox for about half that. 




 These are all $100 range and very nice. Richmond Artifex 240mm, Shun Sora 200mm and Kanetsugu Pro M 210mm. These are thin, (about 2mm) laser class blades with nice comfortable handles and good steel.The Shun had the best factory edge but after dressing them up on some stones they are about equal. One note, the Shun has a VG-10 edge and it is brittle, if you drop it it can break the tip.The other two are a high carbon moly stainless with the Pro M being sub zero quenched. Several months use with all three, and I can say I'm happy with all of them. 









 This was late 60's. 




 Dog fight snoopy. 









 Red Green.
 




 Cable. 




 Thinkgeek has tons of stuff. 




 I tell them to seek counciling 




 Old Yeller,sniff. 




 Oh fer chrissakes,just wash the dirt off a bunch of live worms and pack them into a can! 




 I agree, the correct term would be ...Smoking or Chain smoking? 




 Bye the way, his yard is about 5 miles away. 




 Heard it on the scanner that day ,but couldn't place it.Next morning, I find the bill and say,They finally got the grease? Yep... and they dumped it right in my yard! 




 Yep, and DEC.
 









 Wood chucks, because wood chucks must die. 




 Sooner or later yes,and then thugs will wear skirts above their ass 




 Steak tar-tar and artisian bread,what are you guys bitchen abought? 




 Better than selling oregano for pot.
 




 Back in the 70's there was a helmet law protest in my home town, about 5,000 bikes showed up for this ride to the capital sans helmets. After some speeches and political stuff everyone went on a ten mile jam down the highway to a state park to party. Oh my God,kegs every where,naked people running around and general debauchery! There were several different clubs there and soon there were drag races going on the road and everyone was loving it. After a few runs the H A organized it and had guys directing traffic, flagging the racers and timing them.Then the city police showed up,guess what? They took over traffic control and let the races go on! Best day ever untill some asshole threw a bottle at a cop car and it all ended in a cluster fuck. 




 Dam! I've been wasting pancake mix all these years! 




 I use my good stuff at home. 




 HA HA! I am drunk now and your comment is making me laugh! If I treated my dick like my good knives I would be fucking high end classy girls. If I treated it like my beater,good lord, who knows what would happen! Thank you for your input and interest! 




 Ever see a kid cut herself real bad on a can lid or whatever,and the "First aid" box is empty as it always is?  




 Good comment,I understand super glue, but cornstarch?? Please inform me. 




 I work in a one man kitchen that can get insanely busy and there is not always time to worry about knife care.That is why I keep a beater knife around. 




 In that time I have chosen 3 knives that get the job done at work and my high end knves stay home. 




 Hey you never know when you might cut your dick! 




 For those interesed,Top is a Richmond 9 1/2" Artifex I use when I have to do a large amount of prep.Middle is a(GASP!) Guy fieri knife I use as a beater,I can throw it around, drop it whatever, doesn't chip or break and the shit steel will take an edge off the back of a plate or a steel.Bottom is an 8" Shun Sora that cuts like a laser. I use this on station while doing orders. Don't really need tongs,spoon,ect...as I gave up saute and night shifts years ago. I'm a chef in a small diner and my work is mostly soups ,stews and specials. First aid stuff because every kitchen should have that. 




 HA HA! I used to work with a tongs in pocket guy,we called him greasy ass! 




 Nope,that's my beater. No way I'm using a $150 Masakage in a 100mph kitchen. 




 Yhea I know,I take alot of shit about that but it's comfortable,takes a working edge off of anything and I can beat the shit out of it. 




 Fuck you noob,I've been in the kitchen longer than microwave ovens. 




 Just basic first aid stuff. 




 I love that little guy! Kind of brittle though,I've had to re-grind the tip twice. 




 Nah,but we have kids working here and there is never a band-aid when you need one. 




 Octopus and minnows and some weeds from out back,YUM! 









 This is so fucking old I saw it in readers digest long before the internet. 




 Both,my glass is half full but my bottle is half empty. 




 That bastard sure could cook! 




 fUCK YOU,You are a whiner. This is not the Opera show It's real life. 




 Asshole,do you think prices only go up for you? 




 True ,but if your books cover shows me a scarey  warrior type image,I mght be inclined to distrust you.
 




 Fuck you ,you meatist! 




 Excuse me,have you reproduced? 




 Making coffee and bacon on a wood stove. 




 Nope,(pulls out giant Bowie) now that's a knife! 




 My response was,"Yup and you could squash alot of people with your truck,but that's not what it's made for." 




 Show boss my Kershaw scallion,"Oh, you could stab alot of people with that." 




 Dude,you're the cook fer chrisakes!If a server gives you shit,give that person a nice HOT plate once in a while or make their order vanish and claim they forgot to give it to you.If a fellow cook gives you shit,give that person a tap on the hand with your Hot spat,pan, whatever and say"Oh, sorry asshole". 




 Not really.if the knife starts to drag, a few strokes on medium then fine put it right.That is for good steel. When my beater(soft steel) starts to drag,It will take a working edge on just about anything.That is why I use both.This is maintence,all knives need to be sharpened on stones at some point, and questions abought stones and burrs are better asked of someone more informed than I am. Thanks for your interest!  




 It's a ceramic rod that I use for the for the beater knife in the middle,the other two I just strop now and then. 




 I'm an American,and while I may not agree with what you're fucking,I defend your right to fuck It. 




 To carry my knives and possibles to work. 









 No wonder Ken Block blasts through there at 100mph! 




 Tourist,"I'll start with a mucho hoyty latte de femme and I'd like to see your gluten free vegetarian options". My waitress,"OK,regular coffee and a bowl of oatmeal then?" Happens all the time at my work! 




 You don't get "Murdered",you commit suicide by shooting yourself twice in the head.
 




 If you were not born in Ireland,you are not Irish.
 




 Been there done that! 




 Blah ,Blah a whiney piece of shit,at least he inspired Allison chains. 




 Fuck you ,a person who shits in a box has nothing to do with smoking.I can't believe this shit! 




 Hint B.V. 




 Rules say no names, hint B.V. 




 A very famous singer, dancer, entertainer from the 60's and 70's chewing his son a new ass over some equipment  screw up at the local theater.It struck me funny that the guy I grew up watching sing and dance on TV with the 50,000 watt smile,was calling his son a motherfuckin stupid son of a bitch. I still laugh when I think about that.  




 Mr Bones! 




 Dubai and China town NYC come to mind off the top of my head,then the sex trade,drug trade,ect you name it.It still goes on 









 Drop some shrooms in her Dew and try again! 




 There's a Dog house over yonder,that's where my baby stays. 




 HA HA! Had this happen to me in a bar on a third date,first date was "I've got a hit of acid and I love to fuck when I trip!".That was 30 years ago and we're still together,I say go for it! 




 The "under God" part was a politcal stunt passed in the 50's I believe. 




 It depends on your needs. Fine grain high hardness steei is good for kitchen or craft work while a softer  easier to sharpen steel would be better for camping and such as it is less brittle. 




 This idiot...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXRaboSo70A 




 Adressing me as "chief","boss","sport"...ect. 




 Better than you would think for such a small blade. 









 HA HA! I'm a chef and can truthfully say that you just described most of the celebrity chef shows on TV! 




 Got a good laugh at this! 




 Spot on! 




 Not just us humans,animals also use them,birds will drop shelfish into a busy intersection to be crushed by cars and then eat them when the light turns red,monkeys learn to spear-fish ect...ect. It's an interesting world out there. 




 This is what I say to the anti-knife people. 









 This is what I say to the anti- knife people. 









 Just about anything you encounter in life was made using some sort of knife/cutting tool. 




 HA HA! Everyone loves that one. Kizlyar U-5 utility. 
























 Takamura Migaki. Took it to work today,very impressed.Sharpest OTB edge I have ever seen. 









 http://www.chefknivestogo.com/sayas.html 




 Think about every thing you use or depend on as you go through life and name one thing that could be made without some form of cutting tool.Best I can come up with is crude hand formed pottery.knives are what makes humans human! 




 Abandon ship! 




 Cool! 




 Very nice! 




 My small town is home to a major hospital and due to my wifes condition we are there quite often .There are  trash cans labled do not touch-bio-hazard in the hallways. They are filled with the sheets and bedding of sick people. Of course the people that change the bedding do not have to wear gloves' and then they go and push elevator buttons,door knobs...ect. 




 Pisses me off, They treat us like shit,  but the scumbag suppliers can have rats and disease running around the wharehouse because they pay off the  politicicans. 




 Wear gloves to serve food,customer then picks up condiment containers touched by the last 50 people before him or her and eats. The whole idea is stupid. 




 The town I grew up in slowley died. 




 Complicated but here goes...Corupt politicians,Wall street and large corps. basicly drove the local manufacturers out of buisiness.Ocar Meyer, Amour, Bush, Bud, Miller are a few culprits I can pull off the top of my head.They all got tax breaks, excused from quality control,got around labor laws,had excessive requirements  pushed into law that small companies could not afford and the regulators of these laws actually work for these corps.The result was that all the local manufacturing was devasted,the plants were closed and the respected brand names sold off to the corps.. Now with so many people hurting what should we do? Why we start importing tons of second rate shit and add that to our rat infested diseased food products that are made by under paid imported labor,then we open a super store! Why would anyone shop there? Because we spend all the money we saved on quality and labor and spend it all on media adds telling people they are stupid if they pay more and they will be much happier if they save save save! and of course out of work people do need to save.Sorry rambeling here,I just get so pissed. And now I must give credit where credit is due: The man who founded Walmart recognized the needs of the community and workers and Walmarts original plan was to treat the workers very well,which they did .When they opened a dist. center up here in NY back in the 90's they offered great pay and great benefits and I knew alot of people who left their job to go there.Unfortunatley the founder died soon after and the first thing to go was the benefits,then the pay, then the time worked so you could get unemployment when they laid you off for the slow season. 




 Sears is a very old and once well respected company based on quality, convenience and cutomer service, so yes, if you got it from sears you knew it was good.I do my laundry in a Kenmore washer made about 40yrs ago,sadly that name no longer means what it used to. 




 Better quality products, more variety,more and better places to shop and a better local economy.Low prices are because they buy the cheapest junk possible in huge bulk lots.A kid could start as a stock boy in a local store, stay with the same store his whole life and make a decent enough living to support a house and family.He would then spend his money at his and other local stores thus helping other kids to do the same,pretty good concept. 




 Time to put on your walkin shoes. 




 Every thing the recruiter tells you is a lie,so is the VA. You fought in this war? Your'e on the back shelf till they clear up the guys from the last one. 




 My last comment on this is that I know skilled line chefs that went to culinary school and take the job seriousley and don't make 15 an hour. 




 But you don't have to stay there,learn and move on. 




 So true. Where I work is low pay but we get tips and we are huge busy. Dumb fuckin assholes are too stupid to realise that what they make is up to them. They fuck off, go out to bars and spend all their money,then bitch to the boss that "I make so much more" because I keep a car on the road and pay my bills. 




 True,all the more reason to man-up and move on.
 




 IT"S A TRANSFORMERS MOVIE FOR CHRIST FUCKING SAKES! What do people expect ,Coppola, Demille,Preminger? It's a movie made for Teen boys, and I am one at heart.Can't wait to see it. Reviewer reminds me of the South park episode where people smell their own farts. 




 These people are scripted actors and actresses, the goal is to keep people enraged and divided so they won't wake up and turn on the  scumbags who are bleeding us like vampires.  




 OWNED! 




 Never owned an apple product but yes,they seem to rely more on image and  social engineering  than quality of product. I do love the WOZ, that man is true. 




 Good call. You may start with a shit job, but you learn from it,then apply that to a bit better job and so on.  




 "Eeeasy big fella." Hoss from Bonanza. 




 OK, I'm not a great fisherman but I do know some things.If you want big ass lake trout you need to find a COLD lake that is very deep. Rainbows and browns can be found in streams and creeks with cold runoff,look for deep holes in the bed or undercut banks. Small mouth bass like cold water and stone bottoms with good current ,same like trout they like cover. Large mouth bass,oh yhea the big boys,like warm water and lots of cover,think lilly pads. The south has the biggest.Pan fish: blue gills, crappy,sun-fish. Pretty easy but if you find some clear water and can see a cleared off circle on the bottom that is their nest and just a hook will do to entice them into attacking.Cat fish like warm rivers or at least a current and are bottom feeders. Hope this helps. 




 Money is a scam to make rich people richer. 




 You get to see all the idiots younger  than you make the same mistakes you did and have to deal with them. GOLDEN! 




 They are here and their name is Washington 




 Deposited a $100 dollar check in my account. A week later wrote a $20 dollar check to a store,one day later the store tells me my check bounced and I pay the $20 dollar fee. Call bank and bank tells me that my check was not deposited and I now owe them $200 dollars due to overdraft fees.Call bank manager and was told they will look into it. Get letter saying that I now owe $400 because of late fees.Pack up all my paper work and go to bank,call them on all their bullshit and no manager would show his/her face. Get letter with a deposit slip forged in my name for the amount they claimed I owed them. 




 enough drugs to bring Ozzy to his knees. 




 The black forest in Germany. 




 Men should not be emotional,man up and do what you have to do. I work with young guys out of county jails and they are always spouting I'm trying to do the right thing, and all that other parole board impressing nonsense. If you want to do the right thing just shut the fuck up and do it. 




 I can spot bullshit a mile away. Scammers,posers,manipulaters, you name it. I just cover my own ass because no one believes it anyway. I can't believe how many people just ignore what is right in front of them. 




 Knowing the habits of the type of fish you are after. 




 Want a good knife? Go to Helle! 




 Keep your head down  and learn. Gruff Knarley chefs are a time honerd kitchen tradition,kind of like a  kung-fu flick. 




 Raised a boy with Tourettes from diapers till he was 8 or 9. We got quite close and had a ball together. When he turned 18 he looked me up after years to get re-aquainted ,really touched me. 
 




 I work in a tourist town, constantly see 8-12 yo's ordering the parents around and the parents just take it. 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLwkT5vAzCE 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLwkT5vAzCE 




 Cooking,basic sewing,gardening. 




 Zydeco! 




 Back in the 80's my girl and I needed to get out of the coke scene and got a guy to back us as vendors on the Dead tour,no shit! Did pretty good selling beer and french toast off a coleman grill. Ran out of money in Boston and caught a ride down south with a Hells Angel.Car broke down in Maryland and stayed there 2 years working on a camp ground and bought a camper to live in and a car.Got sick of that and loaded everything including my new dog Willy into the car and headed to Fla. with $200 .Got there and set up on a camp ground and had a hard stretch to find work but made it,first into a trailer then  rented a decent house.Back up here since 91 and still with my girl,those were the best years of my life.If you have a job skill and and a set of balls, tits  whatever I say go for it,you might surprise yourself. 




 " Listen man,I've got to get ready for work" To my very drunk older brother.He was my best friend and mentor when I was a kid,had alot of D/A abuse problems. He had a good heart but my thrice cursed manipulating mother convinced him that a mans worth is only to be a plow horse for a woman. He took out three insurance policies and killed himself just shy of 40yo.My family celebrated that because the wife n kids got a million. I still hate  that I didn't do more to reach out to him. 




 Sharing 




 Good name for a band I'm thinkin! 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nQqTXtgl_dU 




 Its from a funny song done by "The Old Dogs", chill dude, just a joke. 




 You can quit smoking,but you're still gonna die. You can go jogging,but you're still gonna die. You can give up eating foods fatty or fried,you're still gonna still gonna still gonna die! 




 Wars are always about money, period. Major players are the ones with the most to spend and the most to gain. 




 Thanks man, I was wondering why I couldn't see any changes on my end. 




 I don't know either,people say they hid the vote counts but my account still looks the same as it always did. 




 A 6yo still in diapers? 




 It was a huge rush for me. Back then the space program was everything,people sat glued to the TV for the latest updates. I would buy models of the LEM and the Apollo rockets.I supose that has shaped what I am today as I still follow whatever NASA is doing and I have my scanner programed to the ISS freqs. 




 12 years old,my brother and I ride our bikes 10 miles to the river to fish. There are abought 20 people already there,all with portable radios. It was 1969 and the first man landed on the moon. 




 You people sicken me. Do you have a clue about the people that love you? My mother raised her boys to think that thier only worth was to be a plow horse for a woman. As a result my brother Jimmy took out a bunch of insurance policies and killed himself. He was my best friend. 




 Give poor people a little bit of money for food rent ect... big outrage over giving away our tax dollars,give scum bag criminal bankers over a trillion dollars to party with,no one bats an eye.
 




 My mom devoted her life to  subtley trashing my dad slowly, and raised her kids to hate him ,I did not buy it so when he died she started on me.Fuck You Mom! Happy fathers day! 




 That after all their hard work , we turned around and sold the country back to the European bankers. 




 Next morning, "Oh my god we're sinners,we sinned and adultered!" 




 Been using the 210mm for several months,wow! Convex edge grind+ moly steel=no need for stones ,and stands up to poly boards quite nicely. Two strops, one white and one green keep these paper shredding,hair whittling sharp and they come that way out of the box. Nice fit and finish and the distinct handle gives you a fist full of nice knife.Lovin em,oh yhea saya included. 









 SOG gets too little love here,enjoy! 









 Good to know,thanks. 




 Week day-. lunch bell rings: MMBAAAAA! shuffle to lunch room- weekend, wander around wonder what is this weekend thing.
 




 Retard 




 Yeah, I am of the same opinion.Just to be clear,I was not looking for advice on what knife to buy for my one and only,just input on this kind of knife/steel from people who actually use them day to day.I have been cooking and collecting knives for decades and if there is one thing I've learned it's that there is no one knife to rule them all.I kind of just "Buy em and try em". The FKMs look real nice  and Mark Richmond gives them a great review,I will make it a point to try one. One question, in the reviews it says they have a 70/30 grind how does this affect sharpening? 




 Thanks for your interest. I already have the 210 and like it alot,the handle is really comfortable and the blade takes well to stropping.These are cryo treated and I would guess about 59r. and a little less brittle than Vg10. 




 Thanks for the input,it was acually a toss up between this and Tojiro. I went with the Pro M because I like the handles and the less chippy steel. 




 OK,http://www.japanesechefsknife.com/ProMSeries.html#ProM I have taken a likeing to these. 









 Money. 




 Like it belongs there. 




 Ros Arms arrow and Helle Jubileumskniven. 









 He was poor and his dad helped him build his first guitar,I believe they made the neck from the mantle piece. Kid goes on to be a major rock star,and doesn't act like a major asshole.Later in life he uses his good fortune to better himself. This guy is a role model. 




 I like Doc Martins. 




 Great stuff,so much better than NASCAR! 




 Oh and here's your bill for $47,000. 




 A Greek guy I knew used to say "If somebody fuck me,I have to fuck somebody!" 




 Um honey...about the 401k... 




 I've had it for several years but don't use it as an EDC. I usually remove clips as I don't like them and I use lok-tite when screws get loose.  




 You have my upvote! 




 Axe.
 




 This cracked me up,thank you!!! 




 I envy her! 




 Actually, benchmade uses FRN on some of their knives. I have a buck with G10 scales  that can't hold a candle to the Vulcan. i don't know what a power lock is, but the Vulcan has an arc lock which is basicly the same as what benchmade has. What makes Benchmade so much higher quality other than the name? Forget the fan-boy stuff,you are only limiting yourself on what knives you use and enjoy.  




 Flips right out,light and solid as a rock. 




 Sorry, kind of crappy photo. 









 Scum bags do what they do,unless they see that they can't get away with it. 




 Don't piss off the cook. 




 You trust your wife with this?...LOL just kidding, very nice! 




 Sweet, I would like one of these. 




 Very nice and under rated knife, love mine. 




 A reclusive nameless banker who controls all the other bankers. Money not military, is what truely controls the world and has done so for several hundred years. 




 Yhea but with all the grease in the air we brown up nicely! 




 I agree,I fell into this early on,and it just fit me. Some people see it as a glamourous job and then wilt when confronted with the realitys 




 I thought that was a given and hadn't thought to mention it. 




 Ha ha! You are a true  trooper and  have described my  life in a nutshell.Love ya man, and I could use a few more like you on my crew! 




 Had to deal with that once,it takes friggin days. 




 Finally saw the light at the end of the tunnel but it was only New Jersey...sigh. 




 Goatsee 




 Remington. 




 Bonnie Raitt,Caravan palace,Lisa haley and the Zydycats,Joan Jet. Pretty good mix of styles here. 




 Let us know how you like it,looks real nice. 
























