  It really isn't the entire 1% that's the issue. It's the 1% of the 1%.

It's more of a philosophical issue, rather than an actual practical issue. The .01% should probably pay more taxes. However, the rate that they pay on average as a whole is still substantial. And their 'lack' of taxation does not negatively effect the middle class and lower class. It's not like we raise the tax on the poor when the rich don't pay enough. 

It doesn't feel right - sure. But overall it shouldn't even be a top 10 issue in this country. However since it is an emotional appeal (appealing to anger, jealousy, resentment, and ignorance), it works well for politicians and pundits to dwell on the relative non-issue.

.01% btw is 30,000 people. Not to mention that these are the type of people who would just leave the country if they started to get taxed more (or at least take 90% of their assets to another country).  




 Private colleges? Republican owned? Public school tuition is just as big, if not more of a problem. Big state schools now cost almost $30k to attend. Leave the political Republican hating nonsense at the door. This isn't /r/politics.

Irony you attack the bias/quality of the article, when you are clearly just as biased and ignorant. 




 Wtf is wrong with this thread... 




 Yea I think using a try catch might be the best option. Thanks. Sometimes I just can't get the obvious stuff. I'm doing the poker problem on euler. 




 I have a method where I am passing an index of an array as a parameter. I then want to use that index (int value) to loop through the rest of the array. However the first line of the method is like this:

     public int hasTwoPair(int index) {
         if (cards[index].getValue() == cards[index + 1].getValue()) {
         //problem because index + 1 might be out of bounds

is there a way around this without adding an extra 'if' statement? 
 




 Considering administrators are the highest paid staff in any given school system, this is probably a good thing. Wish we would seriously evaluate the usefulness of so much administration overhead.  




 OP you need to work on your title creation abilities. Less is more my friend. 




 If you want breakfast in bed - sleep in the kitchen. 




 That's exactly what I am referring to... 




 Should have left the Quaran not the bible, as that is what Hagar did to Ishmael.  




  Probably because he started with "for (int I=0;"...

Does that capital 'I' bother anyone else?  




 NAME YOUR FLIPPING AXES 




 It's only 5 cents more than some of the other pods... 




     for (int i = 0; i  100; i++) 
        System.out.println((i-100) * -1);
    }

You can do this with an incremental or decremental (thats not a word?) loop.

EDIT: but if you want to use a decremental loop, it looks a little cleaner:

    for (int i = 0; i  -100; i--) {
        System.out.println(i+100);
    } 




 Interesting. Thanks! Pretty hard to find a good review of these limited editions when they come out. 




 Upvoted for the title. 




 Sure you get 5%, but you end up paying a 2.5% purchase fee - so at that rate, you are paying a 25x higher rate than the Amex cards I posted. 

9000 pts would cost $9 with this discount.

9000 pts with VCG purchase would cost $45-$50 in purchase fees (I can't remember if it is $4.95 or $5.95 purchase fee for the $200 gift cards).

You save $36-$41 with this discount. Per 9000 points. And you don't have to make 5 trips to Staples/Officemax.  




  He's absolutely loyal to his constituents, and a great voice for the Hispanic Community (Little Village in particular), as well as the Teacher's Union who essentially drafted him to run. Those constituents stand to gain the most if he's elected.

That is the biggest problem.  




 Oh man should I make another post about dibs? I'LL DO IT I SWEAR! 




 That's my governor! 




 Well lets say you are already maxing out your Redbird - is this worth it if you cash it out some other way? Not sure how. Maybe they can be used on Evolve and not get charged any fees? 




 Not sure, that's kind of my question.  









 The article is not talking about SNAP. The new proposed law does not effect SNAP at all (and it's not like you can use SNAP at the movie theater), so I'm not sure why you are talking about foodstamps. 




 So it has an overall economic benefit, but that doesn't mean it's good for them - and that's who we are trying to help, right? 




 The problem is there are people who will still drive 55-60mph. They will end up causing accidents. 




  There is no way Fox is more biased than MSNBC

Did you mistype? 'lol no, show me the link' - you can't use Google yourself?

Anywhere you can read [here](http://www.politico.com/blogs/media/2013/12/is-msnbc-worse-than-fox-news-179175.html) 
or [here](http://www.forbes.com/sites/jeffbercovici/2013/03/18/pew-study-finds-msnbc-the-most-opinionated-cable-news-channel-by-far/)

They might be both quoting the same study.

A quote - "But here's the thing, and I hope it doesn't ruin your dinner: MSNBC is certainly as bad as Fox News, in terms of presenting ideologically biased information and demonizing the opposition."

[one more](http://articles.baltimoresun.com/2012-11-02/entertainment/bal-pew-study-suggests-msnbc-really-is-more-partisan-than-fox-20121102_1_pew-study-msnbc-fox-news) that shows how much more MSNBC was biased during the Presidential election. 




 Reporting integrity and bias. Lesser of two evils when it comes to Fox, but MSNBC even more biased than Fox. You can Google it. 




 You are comparing FOX to what exactly? Fox should be compared to MSNBC. And in that case, Fox comes out on top. 




 What about Senator Warren who got into Harvard because she marked down that she was Native American? I guess NYT doesn't care about that... 




 So when I do that. it puts a cursor everywhere in my file (what is Alt+Enter anyway?). not just that one string. 




  Hit right and enter to give them each a line

Not sure how this works. You mean hit right on my keyboard? Doesn't seem to do much. 




 You should put this on /r/learnprogramming. A lot of readers there might not even know about ST 




 Oh ok, I avoided it since it's Beta, but maybe I'll upgrade.  




 How did you put a cursor between each character? Did you do that manually? I know in Windows you can just ctrl + left click to add a new cursor - but that would seem annoying for so many cursors. 




 Wow. I just downloaded Sublime Text 2 recently, and so far I really like it. It might be worth the money. 




 Why is this in /r/shittyprogramming? THIS IS BRILLIANT!! 




 It was pretty easy in college as long as you have an internship or two - or some really good side work. 




 You need to look up the String split function. Google something like "Java String split method".  









 Thanks for the pods! Loved it! and you sent me some Maragogype too! You da bomb 




 Who says they hate gay people? They didn't say "we won't serve gay people", they said, "we won't serve at gay weddings". Gays are more than welcome to come in and buy pizza. Doesn't sound like hate to me. 




 From what I understand, you could buy gift cards to the flight. Also keep in mind this goes towards flight changes and other fees. I had to pay $75 to change a flight, and Amex covered it. Also drinks on the airplane would count for this as well.

Also bear in mind that you can downgrade to a Amex Green card. You can get your points, downgrade, and get a pro-rated amount back. You might end up only paying $140 for the annual fee, but still get the bonus. Not to mention you also get TSA Pre for free as well ($100), plus free in flight wifi and Boingo at airports, and Priority Pass Select (free lounges!). 




 I did. On the highway. It was quite scary. 




 I received this offer, and I took it. The benefits that Amex gives you are worth quite a lot. I saved a lot of money on checked baggage and upgrading to economy plus.

I haven't used the points yet, so they are still sitting in my account. Was going to fly to Israel with my wife, but she is due with a baby at the same time we wanted to go, so we will have to wait.

Also my offer was for spending $15k total, *not* $20k. 




 Eh no one? Could use some help on the PL/SQL side.  




 Can I execute PL/SQL in Tableau?

I basically need to write some PLSQL that returns a table, and pass that table to Tableau. I am copying my problem here:

I am trying to do a query where I combine entries from the same table, but from different schemas. I can do a query to find which schemas in my DB I need to look at.
I'm kind of new to PLSQL, so I'm not sure how to go about doing this. It would look something like this:

Loop (over v_schema)

   select * into myView from

   v_schema.myTableIneed

end loop

so in the end, 'myView' will have the the entries from the table myTableIneed, from multiple schemas.
The other issue, is that there is a chance that the table might not exist in every schema. That's ok, so I would need to handle that exception.
Something like that. I guess I'm not sure how to properly loop, or how I get the list of schemas into the 'v_schemas' variable.

Someone suggested that I use cursors with a procedure. However that might not help me, as I don't think calling a procedure from Tableau could work. I think what I need is an executable block of PLSQL. Please advise. 




 I am trying to do a query where I combine entries from the same table, but from different schemas. I can do a query to find which schemas in my DB I need to look at.

I'm kind of new to PLSQL, so I'm not sure how to go about doing this. It would look something like this:


Loop (over v_schema)

     select * into myView from

     v_schema.myTableIneed

end loop



so in the end, 'myView' will have the the entries from the table myTableIneed, from multiple schemas.

The other issue, is that there is a chance that the table might not exist in every schema. That's ok, so I would need to handle that exception.


Something like that. I guess I'm not sure how to properly loop, or how I get the list of schemas into the 'v_schemas' variable. 




 Agreed. Daley really screwed us. 




 So because it's a stylesheet it doesn't belong in shittyprogramming?it's funny, and it's a comment that claims there is shitty programming. Sounds like a great candidate for that sub. It's not a serious sub. 




 ? 




 Any thought's on LIQD? I bought at $.37 




 Lol that's hilarious, but post this in /r/shittyprogramming 




 There is a special place in hell for those who DDOS attack Github. 




 Yea for some reason that was their intended look. I'm not sure why they felt the flat look was better.  




  The tides come in, the tides go out, you can't explain that

haha ok thanks. 




 I have to pluck my eyelashes every week or so. I take out about 10 eyelashes per week. If I don't, they get bunched up or too long, and get in my eye. I am a guy btw, and it is not intentional. I just have lots of eyelashes. 









 Also to note, make sure you don't use your own credit card with your name on it. That will get you flagged. Use an AU or a spouse's card. 

Also Square is helpful for accepting payments when selling on Craigslist. I've even benefited by charging 3% extra to use a credit card (when selling on Craigslist) - so I end up making more money, even with the fees. 









 And rational normal liberals also still vote for shit candidates. So what's the difference? 




 ? Umm the gravity of the moon... I'm not sure I understand your joke/statement/sarcasm? 




 Yea but I think some cases of refusing service are legitimate. For example if you are a web developer - and you are asked to make the website 'TheBibleIsAllLies.com" - i think that it's fair to refuse to do this service as it directly goes against your beliefs. The problem is there is no way to distinguish between that and, "I won't serve you a burger cause you're a fag". 




   this was held up in court and created a psuedo R

Thanks for the info. Seems like the bill is too open. "I'm not going to serve you a burger cause your hair isn't covered" is a possibility. Although I think there is a bit of an overreaction as if there is going to be rampant baseless discrimination. Business aren't going to just start refusing all gay people service just because. It would yield too much of a backlash. Maybe I'm just not pessimistic enough 




 Can someone explain the actual problem with this bill? Like what does it say that would increase discrimination and allow people to be biggoted? I don't understand. Not sarcasm, I just don't know what the fuss is about. 




 I wouldn't touch a suzuki with a 10 foot pole. What pieces of shit. 
Subaru is the best value on this list affordable to most people.

EDIT: There are 5 idiots out there who like Suzukis.  




 Kind of lame since I already have both checking and savings with Chase. 




 I didn't say no cell phones tv or computer. That's not what I said at all. First of all, I said no smartphones. I never said I wouldn't have a computer in my home. I also am not completely forbidding my kids from using/seeing such things. TV just will not be in my home. 




 As I mentioned in another comment, their peers will have parents who have similar viewpoints to myself. If I sent then to public school, then yes it would be quite problematic. 




 I posted on here a while back that I wanted to get some information from my fantasy league on ESPN.com. I spent some time learning some HTML and PHP basics and started trying to figure out how to post a login on [ESPN here](http://games.espn.go.com/frontpage)

I tried using the code from [this](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11171713/scrape-a-site-content-with-a-secure-login) StackOverflow post, but to no avail.

The problem I think is that the login is actually a popup (or is 'frame' the correct term here?). I'm not sure what to do here. Noob web developer here, so any help is appreciated.  




 My website has a title, a subtitle, and a picture. I like the way it looks on my browser. However on my mobile phone (Note 4), the text is not center adjusted, and is way too small. [Here](http://askyourlor.com) is the website.

I am asking this in /r/learnphp because it will have php in it, and /r/learnhtml is a ghost town. 







































 I work in Chicago, and I see a few people asking for money everyday. I really don't see anyone giving, and I think part of that is because very few people carry cash around nowadays. I can't remember the last time I even had change. It's kinda sad, and there isn't much we can do about it - or is there? 




 I committed, and pushed (although I inturrupted it eventually, i think most of the file was pushed) a 200 MB file. Since then, I reduced the size of the file to 2 MB, and comitted/pushed that change.

From what I understand, anytime someone clones (or do a pull for the first time since my change), they will have to download the entire file anyway - since it is part of the changeset.

How can I eliminate this large file entirely? Cloning now takes much longer.  









 So I was thinking that it might be difficult to get the gold Macbook a few weeks after its release. Why not buy a few and then resell them? Even if you resell at the same price, you can easily get a few thousand points. 

Thoughts? 









 In theory, I should be able to to CVS and buy a $500 Paypal load card for $502.95. I should then be able to load that money onto my paypal account. Then, I should be able to use my Paypal Business Debit Mastercard to pay my bills on EvolveMoney.com - without paying an extra fee (since it is a debit card from a large bank).

Can anyone confirm this? I just got my debit card and don't want to load my paypal account unless I know this works. 




 What is the difference here? A variable has to be public or private (correct?), and I think when you declare a class variable, and you don't specify public or private - then the default is public. 

So if I change my declaration from 'public static final String...' to 'static final String...', then is anything different?  




 I was so unbelievable disappointed that I missed the special edition cubania (strength 13). It sold out so quick. Can we make some sort of alert/sticky when it is available again? It's on Ebay, but it's double the price now. 




 I wanted to make my own website to further my career. I plan on using it for tech blogging, resume, projects I've done, to give me a greater 'presence', etc. 

Of course myname.com is taken ('myname' being my real name). So is firstname-lastname.com. However firstname-lastname.net is not taken. **Any reason I would not want to use the .net domain?** It's only $10 a year, and there is no strange spelling. 

This is in /r/cscareerquestions because this website is for the purpose of advancing my CS career down the line. 




 I started doing some PHP development (just started) on the side. I installed PHPStorm and a few other things. Is it ethical to be doing this on my work laptop? My job doesn't require any of these skills, it is purely for personal development. 














 They were going to have financials released yesterday but delayed. Not sure when they will be released. Looks like a good time to buy. 




 Tmobile will pay **up to** 1/2 of your phone when you upgrade. However, this is only after you have paid 1/2 of your phone.

Basically they are saying, "We will buy your phone off of you for 50% its original price, 1 year after you bought it".

The truth is, you can simply resell your phone for the same amount, if not more. All JUMP is providing you an easy way to sell your phone. That's all. Sounds pretty worthless to me, especially since my phone might be worth even more than they are giving me.  









 [The Complete Web Developer Course - Build 14 Websites](https://www.udemy.com/complete-web-developer-course/?hb=endless10 couponCode=endless10 utm_source=email_adhoc utm_campaign=endless utm_medium=10deal utm_content=2015-02-25-endless-10deal-lgpromo-3day dl=1)

Above is the link to a fantastic web development course. It's been recommended here before, just linking again because of the sale. Just bought the course myself! 



















 Just trying to start learning PHP on my own. I got phpStorm - and I downloaded (and installed?) WampServer. I am looking at [this](http://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/php-101--pre-73284) tutorial. I get the error message "PHP Interpreter is not configured". What am I supposed to do? I just want to run PHP locally for the time being. What file is the interpreter?

Actually I just opened a command window and typed 'php' and it said command not found, so I must have done something wrong. 

I know this is super-noob. Would appreciate any help. I feel embarrassed to ask people I know how to do this.

EDIT: Haha I figured it out! Found the php.exe file and pointed to that, and voila! Cool stuff!  




 I got my gas bill this month, and it was more than half of my bill from Dec - Jan. I'm comparing both bills, and you can see [here: snapshot of both bills](http://i61.tinypic.com/e1dv81.jpg), there is an extra line in my last month's bill called 'supplier charges' for an extra $189. What is that from last month? Any ideas? 

Edit: tried calling earlier but got hung up now. At work and wanted to know if anyone had a similar issue. I have Spark Energy as a 3rd party provider (not sure how that works), but I didn't drop them or anything - and they shouldn't be charging me more than PeoplesGas. That's the whole point of switching to them.
 




 **My background:** I am a recent CS grad, currently working at a large company doing Java/SQL only (for the time being). I have spent most of my time with Java, but I am familiar with C as well. I dabbled in Python and Haskell as well. Sadly, I have absolutely ZERO experience in HTML, CSS, Javascript, PHP, or really anything having to do with web development.

Right now I want to create a webpage based on data that I would pull from my Fantasy Football league on ESPN's website. From what I know, there is no API available from ESPN to access this data. Furthermore, the data I need is specific to MY league - meaning I need to login into my ESPN account to get  this info. I want to take this info, do some simple algorithm, and then simply display a text box on a website.

My question is, what are my options for implementation? I would want to know what would be a way I can implement this, with or without Java. I'm open to learning something new, but I know so little about web development that I honestly don't even know where to start. 

EDIT: To explain what I want to do - I want to create an alternative ranking system for my league. What I would need to be doing is taking the total points scored by each team (each week) - and then run an algorithm to create a NEW ranking/point system. So where on ESPN's website, you might be ranked 3rd, on my ranking system you might be ranked 5th. In order to get this info, I need to access my league and see how many points each team has scored. ESPN's stats and news API is not helpful because I need to know how the teams in **MY** league scored. 

Second Edit: Thanks so much everyone! Looking forward to maybe trying more than 1 way to do this. Just telling me I need a 'scraper' helped. None of this ever came up in school, at all. 




 Anyone have any good suggestions on what to get on Amazon with Subscribe and Save? Trying to save 15% by subscribing to 5x things, but I haven't found that many items that are actually cheap. Paper towels seem to be waaay too expensive.  




 I have a query that is like:
    select ... from ... where ... x=y (+) and a=b(+)

What is the **(+)**? 




 I've been reading that a lot of you recommend newcomers to go to a pro shop. I was just wondering if stand alone pro shops tend to be better than pro shops inside a Brunswick zone. I live on the very north side of Chicago (Touhy/Western) if anyone has any suggestions for that area that'd be great. 



















 No more dibs.
The snow storm was a week ago.
90% of parking spots are clean.
Get your junk off the street.
Don't be a selfish jerk.
No more dibs. 




 What is the best forum to post a code review? I know stackExchange has a codereview page, but it seems significantly less populated than other sites. Is this a page I could post a code review? Are there some places I might not be aware of? I am mostly interested in Java for the time being. 




 I've downloaded emulators in the past, but they were always riddled with terrible malware. Any legit and clean emulators for older game consoles?  









 http://oi62.tinypic.com/2ufw0ab.jpg

If you look at the picture above, the main folder is labeled as 'main.src'. I had to change the names as this is happening in my project at work.

src is a subfolder of main - but it's showing in the project view as if I have a folder called 'main.src' that has certain contents. How do I prevent Intellij from coupling a sub directory with its parent directory? 




 I know there is not a native way to do this in Windows 7. I Googled and found many links - however I'm not sure which ones to trust, and this is a work computer so I need to be certain that the download is legitimate. Any consensus on safe .iso to USB utilities?

I found this http://www.pendrivelinux.com/yumi-multiboot-usb-creator/ 

which seems really cool if it works.

I am also fairly new to Reddit ( 2 months), so please be nice. if I made some sort of faux-pas 




 So I compared my Galaxy Note 4 (LOVE IT) to my wife's iphone 6 plus (thank heavens I don't have to look at that tiny 4 inch screen anymore), and I was a bit shocked at what I noticed.

When looking at something that is supposed to be white, for example, the background of Facebook, I found that my Note 4 is considerably less white. In fact, the parts of the screen that are supposed to be white, look more like 'off-white' or maybe even a slightly yellow tint. 

Has anyone compared their Note 4 to an iPhone 6 plus and noticed this? It made me quite sad. I'm hoping its a defect - although it's been 3 weeks since I bought the phone.

I read a lot of iPhone 6 plus vs. Galaxy Note 4 reviews, and no one mentions this.

Also to note, this is my first time using Reddit. If I have violated reddiquette in some way, please be nice - point it out, but don't get pretentious about it.  
























 Oh ok. Well I haven't tried it yet, but it seems the last 3 are kind of hard. And if you have been programming for less than a year, I wouldn't feel bad. The author of the article is a little pretentious. 

If it is difficult for you, then  that's means it is a great example for you to work through. I'm sure people here would be happy to help! If you figure it out you will feel great and will learn in the process 




 You mean it was too easy? 




 LPT if you can't do this now, create a quick repo with a readme.md that contains the 5 problems. I already made a repository so I can come back to these problems later, and the questions are in my readme file. 




 My link https://db.tt/5mRlvfGS. I could use some more space for baby pictures! 




 Cuddle, then maul someone. 




 Karma. 




 Welcome to Reddit, newbie :) 




  These are two different things.

That's my point... you lumped it together. And

 Long story short, I've been writing "apps" since a decade before they were called "apps" and long before you had pubic hair

And another way you make yourself look like a d-bag by rubber stamping your authority. It sounds like you are over-compensating for something. Someone with 15 years experience doesn't tell you they have 15 years of experience unless:

* Their experience came into question
* They are lying
* They are insecure and worried no one will take them seriously

It can't be the first option, because you mentioned your experience before we even began talking. You entered a conversation and jumped in with an irrelevant opinion, and bragging of your experience. You reek with artificial superiority.

But please tell me how you were doing X while I was doing something only a child does. That really makes you appear mature and above childish arguments. 




 Who the hell refers to iOS apps as 'web apps'? Web app implies an app through a browser. So anything that gets information from the web is a 'web app'? Well that's new! (sarcasm)

 Edit: They are called fucking Fig Newtons, I'm reading it off the box you idiot.

wtf?

And I like how you bragged and gloated "I'm the shit and know more than you (even though I didn't even ask what you know) and I've been doing this for 15 years" - when your rant wasn't even relevant, neither was your AMAZING experience in 'app' development. Like who gives a crap? We are talking about naming conventions of the OS versions. If you didn't come off like a pompous douchebag, I probably wouldn't have said anything. 

At least I don't claim to know everything. I simply attacked your statements. At no point did I say, "I know more than you" or did I say I have "x years of experience and I am and expert in the field". You put yourself on a pedestal, so I tried to knock you on your pretentious ass. Maybe if you were more clear wtf you meant the first time around (and weren't a complete tool), then we wouldn't be here right now. 




 Opinion? Can you please tell me what web apps are coded in Objective C or Swift? Most web apps aren't even written nowadays in Java anyway (even though you could).

Either way you were complaining about *Android*, which has nothing to do with web apps or web sites. 

I Googled nothing. And again, your rant is irrelevant and seems to show your ignorance and blatant Android hating based on nothing. 

Have you ever even written an Android app? Sounds like you have not, which makes your rant really stupid. I say you have not written an Android app because you said:

 I've written websites and web apps for 15 years

As if that somehow makes you qualified to give an opinion on coding Android or iOS.

And: WHO GIVES A CRAP?? 




 Yes I guess this is more of a "TIL something I should have known 3 years ago" 




 Dude no one gives a crap about your rant here... go complain on /r/shittyprogramming or something. 

 TL;DR ~ I've coded both. I've written websites and web apps for 15 years. I've written apps since before you even knew the word was associated with something other than that small meal you eat before your actual meal.

Um who was talking about 'both'? And what do websites and web apps have to do with Android and iOS (and who was talking about iOS anyway?)

Last I checked Android is written in Java, iOS in Obj-C/Swift - web apps are written in CSS/HTML/Javascript/PHP/C#/etc. So either you are full of crap or too lazy to actually say what you mean. 




 right 









 That's hilarious. So much so that I almost gilded you. 




  instead of just rolling over for public unions.

Except that's what they've done for decades, and that's why we are where we are. 




 For those who defend Chicago Teacher's salaries with the 'cost of living' - New York City teachers get paid about the same (slightly less actually) than Chicago teachers. **However, the cost of living in NYC is 50% higher than in Chicago**.

I'm calling BS on this 'cost of living' justification nonsense. 




  The cost of living is also above the national average. Relatively decent pay also prevents people from going to improved settings.

Not compared to other major cities where teachers make *less* money than Chicago, and their cost of living is *higher*. Chicago teachers have it **very well**, even the more so when accounting for cost of living. 

Example - cost of living is much higher in New York - yet they make less than Chicago teachers. In fact, if you account for living expenses, it makes Chicago salaries almost 50% higher than New York. 




 Because its not the CTA 




 I DECLARE SHENANIGANS 




 I agree 




 The article says the same thing - which means it's not giving us proper information. You cannot survive without water for 5 days. Period. So something is missing. I read the article and learned nothing new. My point stands. 




 Um you can't survive 5 days without water... 




 [Anyone can learn to code](http://www.Anyonecanlearntocode.com)

I don't know too much about it, but the one person I know seems to have done pretty well. He wasn't job ready, but he was ready for an internship when he was finished. Also while he was working at the internship, he helped out at the boot camp. 




 Ok but I don't think this forum is for people who care about the financial state of Apple. Not a very interesting answer - although possibly true. 




 I messaged my friend (who had the internship and now a job). I don't know the name. Will get back to you. 




 Why? That wouldn't make for a better product. Who cares which manufacture the chips come from? 




 Tell you I'm pro-life, anti same-sex marriage, and of course, a Republican 




  Would you mind pointing out testimonials of people who went from zero to employed in 60 days? I can't wrap my mind around that, so I'd appreciate some narratives to guide me through that.

No no, 60 days is nuts. I have a friend I personally know who went to a bootcamp that took somewhere between 4-6 months. He then got an internship, and then got a job. It was a Ruby/rails bootcamp in Chicago. I'm trying to get the name of it. Will report back. 









 3 months even for 1 language is completely unrealistic. HTML/CSS/Javascript in 3 months? Possibly. Maybe. But doubtful. The boot camp that I know of is longer than three months, and seems to have good job placement. It's small and has a lot of individual attention.  




  And some bootcamps are worth 10x more than my CS degree

Well there are two years of garbage (humanities english history math you probably will never use, even in CS..). The other two years is a lot of concepts, and coding that you end up having to teach yourself anyway. 

My statement was a bit of an exaggeration, especially if we are talking about a 3 month program. 




 Why does everyone love Uub so much?  




 Except that long hair is not genetic... you either choose to cut your hair, or choose not to... 




 I always see a lot of anti-bootcampers here. I think we need to make sure we make that distinction that *some* bootcamps are complete garbage. And *some* bootcamps are worth 10x more than my CS degree. 

It's really not that complicated. Research your bootcamp before signing up. There are some really bad ones, and some really good ones. 

No need to argue here. 




 Got this cube the other day. It is just as awesome as I thought it would be. un-shapeshifting it isn't so hard. I got 5 out of 8 corners without a problem. The last two corners might be kind of difficult. It is really a great cube 




 Need to get 4 paddles and 4 cases for work. The budget they will allow is $100. What is my best option at this price? 




 Terrorists got killed - no one cares.  




 "I think I have [insert STD here]" 




 Haha I know, but the first link I found about sec was [this one](http://askubuntu.com/questions/20414/find-and-replace-text-within-a-file-using-commands) 




 **Below is what I wanted to post, but decided not to:**

This seems really simple, and I feel like I'm going to be embarrassed when I find out how to do this:

I want to take a file, to a find/replace using sed - however I don't want to make changes to the existing file - I want to keep the original file, but create a new file (or overwrite an existing file).

This is an example I found, but it does it in place:

    sed -i 's/original/new/g' file.txt

However in this case, file.txt has now been changed. I want to keep file.txt as-is, and create a new file `newFile.txt` instead.

Help?


*****

That was what I typed out for my original post. After re-reading the Posting Guidelines, I decided I had not tried hard enough to figure out the answer on my own. 

Well guess what? Two minutes later I found exactly what I needed. 

Lesson: Sometimes you need to try a little harder before posting and asking for help. 




 **Below is what I wanted to post, but decided not to:**

This seems really simple, and I feel like I'm going to be embarrassed when I find out how to do this:

I want to take a file, to a find/replace using sed - however I don't want to make changes to the existing file - I want to keep the original file, but create a new file (or overwrite an existing file).

This is an example I found, but it does it in place:

    sed -i 's/original/new/g' file.txt

However in this case, file.txt has now been changed. I want to keep file.txt as-is, and create a new file `newFile.txt` instead.

Help?


*****

That was what I typed out for my original post. After re-reading the Posting Guidelines, I decided I had not tried hard enough to figure out the answer on my own. 

Well guess what? Two minutes later I found exactly what I needed. 

Lesson: Sometimes you need to try a little harder before posting and asking for help. 




 So then what's the point?  To replace Sublime Text and Atom? 




 This same effect makes stars disappear when you resize an image, a common problem for those who do astrophotography. 




 This same effect makes stars disappear when you resize an image, a common problem for those who do astrophotography. 




 I've been pretty happy with Intellij for my Java coding. I use phpStorm for PHP/HTML/CSS if I need (haven't gotten to Javascript yet).

Anyone play around with VSC yet? 




 I love the stare-down at 1:17 




 And? The draft was yesterday. I use an add-on to chrome that's shows Reddit comments instead of YouTube comments. So I posted. Get over it. 




 He be goin to Da Bears! 




 Tesla would do a 10x better job than these scheming dealers. 




 Yes you will need to buy a domain name and get hosting. Good luck! 




 I've been told [Odesk](http://www.odesk.com) is the best. 




 I am not voting for any Democrat, but I like to see a good challenger to Hilary. I think it is good for the entire Presidential race to have him on, even if he doesn't win the nomination.  




 Every account on reddit is a bot except you 




 Yea I hear that - but what percentage don't have family to take care of? Would it be 50%? 80%? 10%? I have no idea. 




 Has anyone actually calculated the cost of putting someone on the street vs treating them 24/7 in a facility? The facility could easily cost the taxpayer $100k per year (that's a low number). Is it possible that him being on the street would more expensive than that? Doubtful, but it does have a cost. 




 The people who voted for Democrats who bankrupted this state need to feel the consequences of their actions (as well as wealthier folk who also voted for Democrats).  




 can you explain how it will cost the taxpayer if there are cuts? 









 What about a proper sub? I couldn't care less for English dub. I'd rather watch it sooner in English sub. 




 Haha yea well its supposed to be funny in context as well 




 See Cmder 




 Doesn't Cmder already have Clink?  




 Digi-Capital has also included revenues from the Chinese Android app stores, which don't stock Google apps and don't give Google any cut of the revenue. Google's suite of apps aren't available in China after all."

Wait so China has their own Play store? 




 Thanks for the input, will take your advice. I'll fix up the site tonight. last question - in my html for the image reference, should I use the URL, or the local file location? I noticed you used url, but that is only because you wanted to show what it looked like. 




  img{
     width: 100%;
     max-width: 900px; /*or whatever number you fancy*/
 }

So that makes it look better in the browser, but now on my phone it seems to default to 900px (which is wider than the phone). 

Why does that happen? 




 So on the phone I want it to expand to the edges, but on desktop, if it expands to the edges its simply too large. 

I guess ideally I would want the picture to expand to a max number of pixels, which I think someone else has made that suggestion. 

EDIT: I like how you restructured the CSS. Thanks!
I am actually changing the picture to a different Rabbi, which has a ratio that is taller, and not wider.

EDIT: Although why the specific sizes for the text? Why not just use h1, h2, h3 etc?  




 Yea I know about bootstrap, but I haven't gotten into it yet. I will learn it at some point, but for now I want to know how to do this with just CSS. I shouldn't need a framework to accomplish such a simple task. 




 As long as Nestle keeps making my Nespresso, I'm good. 




 [Here](http://www.askyourlor.com) is a simple website that I am working on. I want it to display some text, and then a picture. The problem I am having is that it either looks great on mobile or desktop: but not both.

I'm using the 

     meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1, maximum-scale=1, user-scalable=0"

line to help with mobile (although I don't completely understand what it does). However the following code seems to make the picture too large on desktop:

        img {
            max-width: 100%;
        }

If I change the max-width to 60%, then it looks great on desktop, but the pic is then too small on mobile (it doesn't go all the way to the edges). 

Any help out there?
EDIT: Any other suggestions on my website are completely welcomed. And don't ask about the content.  




 Best comment so far 




 Ah I see. Well Saturday is impossible for me. WOuld I be able to come on Thursday and print out the tickets? 




 Lol so I gotta fly to Vegas in order to sell these tickets? 




 So what information are you adding here? That is a cancellation policy in case you don't pick it up. That's not what really what we are interested in. 




 It says this about Free Transfer Ticket -

 Why is there no Transfer button on my event in My Account?
Could be one of these:

 The venue doesn't offer Ticket Transfer yet (we're working on that)
The artist or venue turned Ticket Transfer off for that event/section

So it's possible that you can't. Will you be able to return the ticket? That's what I'm wondering. Their policy says up to 7 days, but this event could be excluded.

I have an Amex Business Plat card, and they can protect returns up to a certain amount (not sure how much).

EDIT: Amex will only cover up to $300. 




 What is the current rate of warming? 




 I thought the "Big 4" was Federer, Nadal, Djokovic, and Murray. 




 Powerball odds are around 1 in 170 million. I would probably say there won't be more than 10 million people trying to get the ticket at exactly 3 pm (and that is probably a gross overestimation). There are 500 tickets. So odds are 500 in 10,000,000, or 5 in 100,000, or really, 1 in 20,000. 

1 in 20,000 is significantly better than 1 in 170,000,000. 

So your odds of getting one of these tickets is 8500 times greater than winning the Powerball. 




 Interesting so that leaves Ticketmaster out. I wonder if that is for all tickets, or for TicketMaster only? 




 those 8000 are probably all promised to people already. Someone else noted that maybe you can't resell. Is that true? 




 what are you quoting? 




 So tickets go on sale at 3pm ET. Three places to get them:

* Ticketmaster.com
* Mgmgrand.com/mayweather
* Calling 800-745-300 (only 9 digits?)

So I guess the questions would be:

* Way to have the best odds of getting a ticket (there are only 500)
* Which ticket will have the *lowest* demand?
* Which ticket will give you the best return (total return, not percentage)

Since there are only 500 tickets going on sale, it will be almost impossible to get them, even if you go to the website at exactly 3pm. 

My theory - call 1 minute early to the phone number, and visit both websites at exactly 3. There is a chance those website won't be able to hand the load, and only those on the phone will get the tickets.

Is it even worth trying?

[Here](http://sports.yahoo.com/blogs/boxing/deal-reached--so-tickets-for-mayweather-pacquiao-bout-on-sale-today-190839016.html) is the link describing info. 
 




 Coming soon to USA 




 You failed because you proposed a solution without even knowing what the data is. 




 Ok maybe, but def not what we have in mind - 1000 people walking around with headphones looking at art.  




 I should have specified - we want to *do* something - Art Institute is just walking around. I was thinking something sport or fun - not cultural. 




 It's a jpg for crying out loud. 




 I definately got a bit lucky. I got an internship for the team I currently work for, because I family friend of mine got me the interview (but not the job). After the summer they offered me a position for $75k. I'm not sure if my family friend had something to do with the salary, as it's corporate, and it's not like he can just throw money at me.

Anyway I have friends straight out of college who went to Seattle and got $100k, so $60-$70k sounds reasonable. Have you tried looking at Motorolla in the burbs? Boeing? CME? I don't know if the BA degree would hold you back after 5 years, but probably did when you first got a job.

As for helping you out, I only know of a position for a serious Oracle DB expert.  




 I work for a company with around 1000 people and we are looking for a venue for a summer party. We want a place where we can do something (not just hang around) outside - and somewhere we can go inside if the weather is bad.

Does such a place exist? We are located in the loop. 




 I am learning webdev on the side from my full time Java job - is photoshop really something you need to know? I am lost in the /s. 




 Ok I was thinking this was a redemption when buying tickets with miles - like the transferring to United and then buying a ticket with miles. I see that this is a bit different, and probably still not useful. 









 Had to zoom to 400% to read the article. That alone makes this a /r/shittyprogramming candidate 




 Just for some more data about Chicago -
I am a bit overpaid, but I make $75k (in the city) out of college only 4 months ago (I am also older, not sure if that changes anything).

I know that Motorolla (suburbs) pays at around $60k for some interns. HERE pays $50k for interns.

Just some numbers to think about. 




 at least this is the most upvoted comment 




  it's about the prisons wringing every last drop of money out of these guys

Um last I checked we *lose* money for keeping men in jail... 




  Depends on the religion.
 As a Muslim, there are

I stopped reading right there. 




 I had to add 'text-align: left' to the 'inner' class. The bullets were lined up, but the text was centered - so some of the text started next to the bullet, and some lines the text started far away (since there was little text to display, and it was centered).

I've just been googling everything I need to learn for CSS, but maybe some structured and detailed tutorials is what I need. Thanks for the help!

PS - didn't use codepen before - very helpful.

EDIT: my first codepen post- here is a demo of what change I had to make to your suggestion:

[my codepen](http://codepen.io/DanielGGordon/pen/QbLYzj) 




 Great answer! I tried the Flexbox version and it worked exactly how I wanted. Will try without Flexbox and report back. 




 Screw IE. 




 What is wrong with the design of the site? So hard to follow. I just wanted a simple top 10 list with names. Instead we go fancy yet annoyingly impossible to read graphs.  




 Elixir? 




 Holy cow flexbox is easy. Is flexbox not compatible with a lot of browsers? why not use it? 




 Jesus CSS is a pain in the ass. I'm learning it now. All I want to do is have a list of text (ul list), that is centered - but left aligned. So either I get bullets all the way on the left side of the screen, or bullets in the center, but completely scattered (they are not aligned vertically).

Cannot get this to work for the life of me. 









 I think I can guarantee the line number, or at least I can guarantee what the line will begin with (connection ... etc).

Yea I'm just wondering what too I can use. I have sed but not awk on Cmder. I have never used sec, but maybe that will work.  




 I like how OP specified that this is homework (not sarcasm). 




 Hi all!

I was wondering what is the best way to do the following (on Windows)

I have 4 .twb files (Tableau workbook - basically xml). Sometimes I will make changes to one workbook, and I want to copy the changes over the the other 3. The only difference between the workbooks is that they have different connection information. So really there is only a one line difference.

    connection authentication = myAuth schema='mySchema'

and so on. This line is different in each file, but everything else is the same.

How would I go about propagating all the changes from the first xml file to all four files - taking into account that the one particular line should not change for each file? 

Familiar with Java, so is there a simple library that can do this? Or maybe there is some script (scripting in windows?) I can write? I have Cmder, so maybe there is some utility for that I could use. Just need some direction. 




  Unfortunately I'd rather have the world be completely fucked climate wise in 100 years when I am dead than to have to live in a caliphate when I am old.

Both of those scenarios are hypothetical. 




 Would you say that is more of a stylistic thing, or there is a good reason for that? I agree with you that exceptions should be exceptions- but practically speaking I don't see why not use a try/catch for index out of bounds. 




 I'm calling bullshit on that one. 




 Because Europe is proving to have sustained a viable economic model? Greece? Spain? France? Even Denmark is showing signs that it's economic is not viable long-term. Not to mention comparisons to countries that are 1/60th of USA is not really a valid comparison. 

And you should read up on Sweden. They aren't doing so hot. 




 Regardless of their attitude, the 1%, **on average**, pay a higher effective tax rate (even when you include state, payroll, medicare etc) than the poor, the middle, and even upper middle class. 
























  Like most people who vote for Republicans, you aren't making even a little bit of an effort to engage with reality. 

Condescending tone noted.

 Public financing of higher education might not address plummeting admissions standards, but piling huge debt loads on the shoulders of young people is also not a solution to that problem.

Did I say that adding more debt is a solution? The debt is a symptom. That's what I said. Did you read?

Whatever else you might be referring to as a "root cause" is probably something that isn't even real

So you are making assumptions that I must be a hallucinating Republican. I just make s*** up. That must be it. 

Or maybe you can ask me like a normal person what I mean, instead of being so condescending and pretentious.

 As far as tax reform goes, it sounds like you've got some sort of trickle-down sickness. Wealth definitely does not flow from billionaires to normal folks, no matter how much more favoritism our economy shows to the billionaires. 

Your second [straw-man](https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/strawman) argument. Did I say anything of the such? Basically you have categorized me as a Republican, therefor you slap random talking points on me, and then argue against those.

 Fortunately, no one (except apparently /u/train_subject5136 ) believes taxation trickles down.

Really not sure how you got that from what I said. Same straw-man argument. Instead of making stupid assumptions, ask me what I mean 

 You really should be upset at whoever put such a foolishly toxic idea into your mind.

I guess I should be mad at Santa or the tooth fairy.  




 You mean like Germany? Who has a higher barrier for entry to get into college, and doesn't let everyone go to college? 

And I really hate the comparisons to European countries that are 1/20th our size. Netherlands has a **significantly** less diverse population. I'm not sure what this fascination is about taking these small European countries that are *nothing* like the USA, and trying to apply their policies here. Also don't forget their taxes are significantly higher, *for everyone, not just the rich*.

People also like to site Denmark, but they too will have issues with their job market in the future. See [here](http://www.businessinsider.com/free-universities-and-no-student-loan-debt-is-hurting-denmarks-economy-2014-6). Not the best or most detailed source, but this is sort of what happens when you throw around free tuition for all.

I'm all for lowering the cost of education - but just subsidizing it is absolutely the wrong approach. We need to be selective of how many people get free tuition, as well as what majors they can take. We can't subsidize 1,000,000 people getting sociology majors. We would be setting them all up to fail.

The issue is with universities raising their tuition, and the government continually subsidizing this inflated tuition. There are many other issues as well, such as the cultural mindset of the necessity of going to college and drowning ourselves in debt for worthless degrees. 

Making tuition free across the board solves absolutely nothing. Not to mention institutions will just raise their tuition accordingly. I would like to see less students going to college, and more students getting work that does not require an official 4 year degree. See Mike Rowe.  




 I find Liberal arguments tend to be watered-down, over simplified, and shortened. I see liberal memes all the time that illicit the kind of, "F*** those damn Republicans/banks/rich ppl" etc, with out going into any detail of why something is the way it is.

Liberals are often not interested in deep discussion, but pointing at a few numbers and screaming "they hate the poor, rich people are evil" etc. It's really repetitive, and appeals to the lowest common denominator.

I'm not saying Republicans/conservatives don't this - but to say *"it deals with nuance and how far to go in one direction or the other. It doesn't lend itself to bumper stickers or Facebook memes very well. "* I think is very untrue.

The other problem is that Liberals are intent on fixing symptoms instead of the root cause of a problem. Bernie Sanders for example wants to make tuition free - this is a perfect example of patching up a symptom, instead of taking the (more difficult to do, and more difficult to sell to the masses) approach of fixing the root cause.

/u/tommyrp says below:

 The problem with Liberalism is that it dosen't actually solve any of the problems. The solution is always the same, lets take money from one group of people and hand it to another group of people. Healthcare too expensive? Let someone else pay for it, can't afford food? Let someone else pay for it. Education too expensive, lets subsidies student loans with someone elses money. I've never see any Liberal actually talk about actually fixing the real issues of cost in healthcare, education or poverty.

Liberalism nowaday just seems to mostly be a finger pointing game, riling up emotions of people who aren't doing well, using their pain and directing at political opponents. Liberals by and large appear to be *petty*, and operate on the theme "It's conservatives/rich folk/wall street's fault". It might be partially true, but when that is your only message, it's hard to take you seriously. 


 




 /r/politics is a liberal fest. I assume you're joking, or stupid. 




 I sort of agree with you, except for the socialist-like stances he takes on some things would be detrimental to the country as a whole. One example, the "free tuition for all" is a short-sighted 'solution' that covers up a symptom instead of fixing the root cause. Also his ideas about tax reform are downright insane, and would increase the tax burden of **all** Americans. Those kind of stances would still force me to vote for a Republican over Bernie. 




 Missing x-axis labels, missing y-axis units, arbitrary shapes in the line graphs...  




 "How not to make graphs and charts" 




 BUT I THOUGHT JAVA WAS A DYING LANGUAGE?! 




 I think people also forget that it has always been much harder to beat Nadal in Grand Slams (where you need to win 3 sets, not 2). Nadal has always done historically much better at grand slams. Although I question his physical capacity. He could mentally and physically wear down opponents in the past. I don't think he can do that now. 




 It should be illegal to put police sirens in a radio commercial. 




 Most likely final:

Djokavic vs Federer

I'm down with that. 




 It's possible Nadal will need to beat Djok, Murray, and then Federer to win the title.

Damn that's gonna be hard. But if he pulls it off... #greatestever 




 Umm that's only .25%. What about the other 9.75%? 




 For another comparison, an Olympic pool is 660,000 gallons. 




 Just for comparison, an Olympic size swimming pool is 660,000 gallons. So this oil spill is about 1/6th of that. 

Not saying it's OK. Just stating facts. It's still bad when so close to the shoreline. If this spill was in the middle of the ocean, it would have little effect. 




 Actually to be fair I'm not sure how to make the phone numbers line up. My text looks like yours except the phone numbers are uneven. There is probably an easy way to fix it. not sure how though 




 Nice. I did something similar very quickly using Sublime Text. No regex required 




 Lol thanks for the advice... I wouldn't have put it in there if I couldn't afford to lose it.  




 How did I not know about Odin? 




 Yup. They are walking away from this thinking: "Worth it". 




 Ok I'm kind of new to webdev (like really new). Is Dreamweaver for 'developers', or is it actually for developers? Not clear what it does. 




 I've been holding this since I bought it about 3 months ago. Down around 50%. I'm tempted to cut my losses. I only put in about $100. Thoughts? 




 holy cow it's up 98%. Hope you bought some. 




  using the emotional charged "anti vaxxer"

what you should have said is:

 using the emotionally charged "anti vaxxer" 




 Hence why Bernie Sander's proposal for 'free tuition' does absolutely nothing to solve the problem. 




 Sadly it happens anyway on Reddit to a lot of conservatives. I see comments downvoted solely due to difference of opinion. 




 You said you are conservative. He won't bother answering you. 




 He accidentally aggroed an entire mob. We tried to AoE but to no avail. 









 This one guy was doing fine, and then he 12(b)(6)ed all over the place. The judge was having none of it. 




 5 years from now, there will be a few options to purchase a car that drives autonomously in select cities. But you will still be required to grab the wheel occasionally. 

That is a very big step away from having cars drive around on their own 




 Well I have that stupid Tmobile warranty, but the deductible is stupid high.  




 So it's OK to treat non-minimum wage workers like beaten dogs? 




 Yes 




 I should have specified that this wasn't this way to begin with. Are you saying this is something that happens often to you? 




 So every time I turn on my camera, it is completely out of focus. It doesn't focus properly until I point the camera at something really far away ( 15 feet). I noticed that it's actually setting the focus to be very short - about 3 inches - every time I turn on the camera.

Any workarounds? 




 Lol no I haven't seen the girl since my senior year in high school. I'm very happy with my wife 




 Hell no.

It took me almost 10 years to realize there was this girl who liked me.

We were on an exchange trip in France, and we split off from the group and went into a plush garden and laid down next to each other. 

She slept on my shoulder on the bus.

She danced with my best friend to make me jealous.

10 years after it happened, when telling the story to my wife, I realized she had tried pretty hard to get me to make a move. I was just totally clueless.

EDIT: For typo 




 I know a lot of Jews over 6 feet. 




 Oh, my wife's a 10/10 for you, too? Ha Ha Ha! 




 Thanks - I'm not so great with PL/SQL so any help is appreciated. 




 I want to drop a table, but there are other tables that depend on it (foreign key). Is there a way I can programatically find all such tables, and disable the constraints (temporarily) so I can drop the table? 

EDIT: I did notice there is a table called "USER_CONSTRAINTS". A query like:

    select TABLE_NAME from USER_CONSTRAINTS
       where R_CONSTRAINT_NAME like 'my_table%'; --'%' for trailing space

Returns the 5 tables that have a FK constraint on my table. Not sure what to do with it though. 




 Please do - I made the website. I might at some point add some contact info for kashrus agencies or chabad or something 




 www.askyourlor.com 




 www.askyourlor.com 




 I'm not sure what you mean 




 My great-grandfather has a lifetime business of owning taxis in New York. I wonder how much money he's lost because of Uber. Not complaining. Just wondering. 




 Great there goes the traffic on Touhy and Mccormick 




 EDIT: Shoot I had the bot do 12 years initially.

I'd say there is a 50/50 change more than 5% of cars are self driving in 13 years. Maybe 15 is a bit much. What would the bet be? We'd both have to be on Reddit 15 years from now. There is a Remindme Reddit bot we can use.

RemindMe! 13 years "5% of cars are self driving within 13 years"

 




 Yea good point. No excuses for being this stupid 




 Why do you think it's probably true? 




 Well that's just mean 




 He clearly does not speak English as a first language. Maybe that's where the breakdown is? 




 There is a difference than finishing their product, and actually getting it used around the world. Obvious problem is cost - not everyone will be able to afford it. Second problem is testing. They only test in 1 or two cities. It would have to be tested ALOT more to be approved for global usage. It will be 15 years before we see more than 5% of cars on the road being self-driving 




 We will be lucky if self driving cars can be purchased and used in more than 1 city 5 years from now 




 This reminds me of when people freaked about us running out of whale oil. 

We will find a substitute. We'll be just fine without helium 




 Forget about it passing. The idea simply doesn't work. What would prevent colleges from raising rates if the government is paying for it all? Do you force colleges to freeze tuition? How do colleges compete if they are all free? How do we afford to pay for all of this? 




 I disagree that we are even close to the point of no return.

And even if that's true - then why would we do anything about it? The point is alarmism does NOT get your point across correctly to those that don't agree with you. Sensationalism works to stir up people who already agree with you, but alienates those that don't. If the end goal is to get things done, then sensationalism is the wrong approach. That's all. 




 This seems to be the theme of US politics, sadly. 




 Yea except that's not what the graph shows, and it's been well over 30 years since our astronomical increase in CO2 usage. We should have seen an exponential increase in temperature - but we haven't. The temperature increase has been linear at best. 




 I don't think they will figure it out, and it is more or less inconsequential to me or them. Not having headlights on is dangerous. Having a blinker on? Slightly annoying 




 So then say that. The, "They pay **more** than their fair share" statement is very misleading. 




 Where did all those people talking about how biased Moody's is?
Hmmm... [These people](http://www.reddit.com/r/chicago/comments/35r73k/chicagos_debt_rating_was_just_cut_to_junk_at/) 




 How can someone who pays general taxes **AND** gas taxes, tollways, permits, stickers, etc - compare to someone who **ONLY** pays general taxes? By definition the drivers pay more. 




   Gas taxes and other fees cover less than half of road maintenance and construction costs. The rest is covered by general taxpayers at all levels of government, so people walking, biking and and riding transit are paying more than their fair share.

Um so that means that those who drive pay gas taxes, AND general taxes. Wtf is this logic? It states exactly the opposite. They pay less. I'm not saying I care, I'm just saying this doesn't prove their point. 




 RemindMe! 5 years "An Antartic Ice Shelf should collapse" 




 People that are passionate about something they think they understand (but don't), while thinking other passionate people also don't understand that thing - scare me. 




 That falls into, "Just go" 




  I also do it if someone has changed lanes and haven't cancelled their signal

Someone that clueless will never figure that out. I would not do that. 




 They can't, but they still will... they won't say anything about it. 




 Also, why do we need to chose between 'downplaying' and 'alarming'? Why can't we just be realistic and say, "Ok, you're right. If we do nothing, we won't see anything bad happen for 25 years (instead of 5). But we can't wait 24 years to fix things. We need to start now". If that was the attitude, I think people would respond better. But I think we also need to be honest and say that the changes that happen don't have to be overwhelming. 

Take for example how we forced US car manufacturers to increase their average MPG in their cars. It has had a strong effect on the demand for gas, and of course the consumption of it. Steps like these should be made. Small, yet significant changes. Republicans would be more willing to listen and actually take some sort of action if Democrats weren't so alarmist doomsday-like. 




 My biggest problem with inconveinent truth (and I noticed it right away was [this](http://imgur.com/dJlYBgm) graph of CO2 vs. Temperature]. My question was, shouldn't then the temperature be 5x higher than it is now? There is a clear disconnect in correlation as soon as CO2 begins to skyrocket. 

My follow up question is always, What is the relationship between CO2 and temperature? It can't be linear, because if it was, we would all be dead. It is likely logarthmic, or sub-logarithmic. In which that case, the temperature increase due to CO2 increase, actually decreases over time.

Which means over time, CO2 has less and less of a negative effect on the temperature over time. Not to mention the earth's population growth is slowing, and consumption of fossil fuel per person is decreasing (more efficient cars, alternative fuel sources). I think that over the next 15 years we will see a very small (if at all) increase in temperature, possibly many years of no change. 

Not to mention CO2 is one of the 5 million factors that contributes to the Earth's global temperature. 

When I tell people I am skeptical of climate change - I am not saying I am skeptical that fossil fuels do not effect the environment - what I am saying is that I am skeptical of *how much* you claim fossil fuels are making on temperature/environment.  




 omg how could I forget.

Edit 2: No really, how could I forget? I once was flashing my headlights to indicate there was a cop behind me. a 1/4 mile later, was another cop. He saw me flashing my lights, and immediately pulled me over. 

He asked me, "Is there something wrong with your headlights sir?". I said no. He ended up giving me a ticket for not having proof of insurance or something. It was a legit ticket, but I wouldn't have gotten pulled over if I hadn't flashed my lights. 




 **Get out of the lane, you are too slow**

You are going too slow for traffic (or maybe you are doing fine), but someone behind you thinks you are going too slow. Speed up, or get out of the lane. However, *if you want confrontation, and you want to put yourself in a dangerous situation, stay in your lane and maintain your speed*.

**Your headlights are off**

Obvious, but it means it is night time, and you forgot to turn on your headlights. Just flip them on, and give a courteous wave/thank you.

**Please go, I'm giving you the right of way**

This could happen at a stop sign. You both came at the same time, and both of you are waiting for the other one to go. If they flip their lights on and off, then they are telling you to go. 

This can also happen when someone has stopped, and is has no intention of going - and just wants you to go.

Either way, it means *just go*

EDIT: How could I forget? I feel this is not used as often anymore, as if cops know you do this, they will pull you over.

**There is a cop ahead**

Someone heading towards you in the opposite direction is indicating there is a cop behind them. Proceed with caution, slow your roll. 




 You're right. 2013 - Al Gore said it, and a lot of people bought it, and perpetuated it.  




 In rare cases where there are bad batches and children become sick. (http://www.theguardian.com/society/2015/may/11/mexico-suspends-infant-vaccines-after-two-babies-die-and-29-fall-ill)[This] just happened recently in Mexico. I'm not an anti-vaxxer. I'm just making a comparison. 




   The Antarctic Ice Shelf is going to collapse within 5 years.

Is part of the 2nd highest comment here. ONE arctic shelf (of dozens) will melt in 5 years. But the notion is that 5 years from now, everything will go to hell. That's not concern - that is alarmist. Concern is important, but it doesn't help when you over exaggerate 




 That de-escalated quickly... 




 The point is - it is alarmist. And I think that's why many people are skeptical of climate change. Not skeptical as in "I don't think it happens". More like, "I know climate change exists, but they are exaggerating it a lot". If I only read the top 3 comments and their replies, I would think 5 years from now the world will end. It couldn't be further from the truth. 

Remember how Al Gore said the Polar ice cap would melt by 2014 (or 2015? I don't know, but exactly, but that time has passed). Back then most climate change supporters would repeat the same claim. It turned out not to even be remotely true.

If climate change supporters were more *realistic* and less *alarmist* then I think we could have legitimate discussions. Instead what we get is:

"THE WORLD IS ENDING IN 5 YEARS"

"YOU SAID THAT ALREADY 5 YEARS AGO, SO I KNOW YOU ARE LYING, AND WILL IGNORE EVERYTHING YOU SAY, EVEN IF MOST OF IT IS TRUE" 




 Weren't we told the ice caps would melt by 2014?  




 Statistically you are better off having a Rabbi do it compared to having it done at a hospital. Lower botch rates. Not to mention the health benefits. 

Immunizations can be harmful too, but we do them anyway. I'd say the rates of failures are similar. 




 This does not look like a good thing... 




 You don't agree about what? 




 Omg why is every word (including 'The' and 'To' and 'Of') in the title capitalized?????? AHHHHHHH 




 As others have pointed out, this is .008% of the total water. It's a drop in the bucket, figuratively.  




  But hey, what kept a politician in officer over the past 10-20 years? Proposing a tax increase for new water infrastructure or tax cuts?

I'm a bit confused, because Cali is run by Democrats who LOVE tax increases 




  It's not your money so no one really cares what you think they should do with it

But if I told you we should tax the rich more, I bet you agree. Funny how that works. 









  I don't want someone to enrich my life, I want someone to reassure me that my shitty life is adequate


That's the best part right there. 




 Catholic + Jew = Cashew 




 In my sophomore year of high school, my friends and I played poker for real money (no chips, we just remember what we owed each other). The next year the school banned playing cards for the entire school.

There were over 4000 students in my high school at the time. 




 Restaurant employees hands down.  




 Glad to see some recruiters are reasonable. I've heard most of them are slimeballs. 




 You seem to discount that MANY poor/middle/lower-middle class people rent apartments. Increasing property tax will easily increase someone's rent from $900 to $950 or even $1000. This can be a really big hit that will effect those who really can't afford much more.

This also has a side effect of people having less money, which means they spend less - and the government collects less. Not significantly, but you can't discount that it slightly diminishes the return. 




  Both Fitch and S P have Chicago on negative outlook. Are they also extreme right-wing operations?

@_Guiness It would be nice if you edited your top comment to be less misleading - and less politically charged. 




 Do you buy your car online? I know dozens of people who use their parents' addresses in the suburbs in order to avoid paying chicago taxes on their car. 




 ^^
A much more objective answer than OPs "They're just right-wingers so ignore them"  




 I would rather these wealthy people donate money to a homeless shelters, or food for poor/homeless than these museums... 




 This seems to be a false notion perpetuated by uninformed young people. My guess is this mostly comes from the webdev crowd and Python lovers. 




 AMA's are great, but only if they are infrequent (1 per week).  




 What if it's really that S   P and Fitch have an extreme left-wing agenda, and Moody's is actually the only one reporting objectively?

Not saying I believe that, but why is that not a possible conclusion we could make? 









 I like d rose. Relax. 




 Yea except anti semitism overwhelmingly comes from liberals, not conservatives. 




 I felt similarly with High Line Coffee. Not better, and didn't fit very well into my machine.  




 1. Faster switching to camera, and to gallery. It is WAY to slow.
2. Better lens that captures more light, and has a faster shutter. I get way too many blurry pictures when the subject is moving
3. Usb 3.0
4. Increased battery capacity (keep it swappable!)
5. No ridiculous bloatware 

Everything else is 'nice', but not essential.  




 Lol someone is touchy... 




 NYT  1 mistress... 




 It also depends on how far you live from where you work. For example your cost of living will be MUCH lower if you live in the Southwest suburbs of Chicago, instead of living in the loop. Long commutes can offset higher costs of living in some cases. But Austin does seem the place to be 




 I didn't know mechanical engineers could afford Maseratis. 




  Girls cant be in the same house as husband during period

Wtf where did you grow up? No such law exists. 




  the rest of the world will basically be damned. 

Huh? Not sure where that comes from 




 It seems the UK model allows for significantly worse disproportional electing. The problem in the US pales in comparison.  
























 Too bad. This is over. Next year Rafa.  




 Nice Matrix reference. 




 I would agree with you, but he isn't the same Rafa today.  




 Then tell that to the other thread. Get out of here. We don't care about Murray here. 




 So McEnroe is saying Nadal is making him sick to his stomach, or the Ump is making McEnroe sick to his stomach? 




 Why did he say that? I'm not watching the game, I'm at work. 




 For sure. But looks like he is going to get demolished today.

EDIT: WOW what a turnaround by Raffa. 









 I feel violated. 




  Abandoned in a jungle with monkey shit all over him.

Best comment on this thread by far 




 JUST DO IT 




  Director: Deaf Bodybuilders

I honestly laughed out loud at that. 




 'Too', not 'to'. 

Grammar motherfucker. 




 JUST DO IT 




 You should post this on /r/interstellar maybe 




 Nice username 




 See you on the other side slick! 




 I like the idea of returning a String. Good call!  




     if (fizzbuzz == "") fizzbuzz += i;

Wouldn't you want to do something like 

    if (fizzbuzz.equals("")) fizzbuzz += i;

instead? 




 Djokovic and Nadal have played 43 times to date; Nadal leads 2320. **In Grand Slams, Nadal leads 93, in Grand Slams finals Nadal leads 43. In best-of-five matches, Nadal leads 103.** In finals, Djokovic leads 1210. 




 I have a solution [here](https://gist.github.com/anonymous/3ad82de8f0627732acb5) (also didn't know I could make anonymous gists if I am not logged into github).

Am I missing something, or is this probably the best most simplest way to implement the solution? 

Anyone have a better solution? 




 I'll be honest, I don't even know what COBOL is, or what exactly it's used for. I just know it's old, and only old people know it, and it's still used to some degree. 




 New users on godaddy.com can get domains for under $2. I bought a domain for fun for $1.87 I think. 




 I am wondering though - what if the supply of COBOL developers becomes so low, that companies invest out of using COBOL. Possible? 




 I'm not sure. I think someone who actually knows how to code, so they can do Javascript (**and** be able to do fizzbuzz), html, css etc - I think so. 




 Thanks Obama 




 We will see a bubble in the webdev sector. Although legitimate developers will be OK, all these 'front end developers' who learn to code in three months - will not be in demand. There will be too many of these types of people. Salaries won't keep exploding. I think they are close to peak. CS is becoming more and more of a popular degree. The difficulty of finding a 'good developer' will diminish over time. 




 Absolutely. What happens when all these 50 year old COBOL deveoplers retire? 




 Ha you put into words what I was thinking. "Overzealous designer" makes a lot of sense. I can picture it quite clearly. 




  git is some stripped down version of github.

Lol does that actually happen? That's so bad it's kind of funny.

Anyway I started going through Atlassian's tutorial on git, and it is quite good. 




 Go to any sports website, and you will see a big picture with a short title showing who won the most recent matchup. Example -

NHL.com - If you went there after Saturday's game, you would see a picture of a Blackhawks player, and a title that says, "Hawks storm their way to a 3rd Stanley Cup playoff"

Or something like that. I shouldn't have to scroll or look for scores. It should be obvious. 




 I hear. I guess I like using multiple devices and having remote storage. Setting that up myself sounds painful. 




 I mean for a second it looks cool - but practically speaking, to get the information I want - it's painful. Without scrolling I should be able to see what matches completed today **and** what the results are. 




 To be clear, I am specifically talking about the desktop. I haven't tried out mobile. 









 I think people forget that Djokavic has off games. Everyone here seems to think Djokavic will be in top form - not a certainty. Remember last FO final? Djokavic did not play so well. Could easily happen again. 




 Definitely mentally weaker - and that was one of his biggest strengths. But straight sets? Hard to imagine.  




 If you want to keep your code private and secure, use Bitbucket.

Am I missing something? Public code I would show to future employers I put on Github. But that side project I wouldn't want anyone to steal (and I might make money off of it one day) I host on bitbucket. It's *private*.  




 I just want to see the most simplest thing, like seeing on the front of the page "Nadal beats Sock in 4 sets". Instead I have to scroll around and find the right link. I find the website layout to be horrendous. It feels like a young web developer made it with cool new features, but forgot the absolute basics. 




  I know programming make a crap ton, but we are actually worth more than a crap ton in this current climate.

I hear that. It's just kind of funny. 




 Why is this in /r/athiesm? No really, I'm confused. 




 I have a good friend of mine who just finished residency. I think he's 30. And he is going to do a fellowship or something like that. That $200k-$400k salary takes a while to get. But ya, once you are 40 years old your debt will probably be gone for the most part and you'll be making bank. 




 You forgot to mention that final will probably be Federer. He will have to beat Djok, Murray, then Federer to win the Open 




 An extra 4 years of school, then 3 years of 70 hour weeks in residency? Enormous debt? Long term its good, but not until you are 35 




 Any thoughts on HERE maps? 




 I have a college account with unlimited and a regular gmail account. Anyway to apply that unlimited to my regular account? I graduated and not really interested in using my college account 




 In a conservative who voted against Biden, but your comment is ridicously offensive, ignorant, stupid, and in poor timing.

Bush and Iraq? The previous administration didn't get anyone killed? His son just died for crying out loud. Say something nice, or shut up. 




 Lol - people that park this way. No gender/race is immune to this behavior. 




 Or maybe people should learn proper parking etiquette. This is a 'blame the victim' argument. 




 Haha yea. And I am annoyed with the "chill the fuck out" comments. I wasn't freaking out about this. I actually have an example of an even bigger parking etiquette fail, 2x Cara behind this pickup.

Oh, and the pickup is still there 




 It's probably the same entitled selfish jerks who claim dibs in the winter. Basically, inconsiderate people who don't really care when their actions inconvenience others. 




  Software engineers are underpaid in the bay area

Lol. Really? Are you sure?  




 No unions at all, and none in the foreseeable future. Our skill sets alone allow us to make high demands. We get paid well, great benefits, good job security. Why the hell do I need to pay union bosses to negotiate my salary? Screw that. 




 Didn't say it's legal. It's just not enforced. Basically never. I saw someone get a ticket for parking too close to the sidewalk - but his rear end was about 1 foot from the sidewalk. 




 That is true in many cases, but not this one. There was no car that was in the 4 foot spot in front of this pickup. Nor any of the other dozen times I see this happen 




  It solves your problem by finding parking

First off, these types of apps already exist, and aren't terribly successful. The adoption rate is quite low, and would be a waste of my time unless I really felt like sitting down and making a beautiful app - which I don't.

You think anyone in my area has spare parking spots? Anyone with a garage uses it. The problem is not communication. It's supply. There is a nursing home nearby I can park at, but it's not so close. 

I wasn't posting this to get irrelevant advice.  




 That's nice but do you think I'd be complaining if I own property? 

Thanks for the very obvious and irrelevant information.

How will my app prevent users from parking like assholes?
How does that solve my problem? 
Why are you telling me to do something that you are too lazy or too stupid to do yourself? 




 Are you brain-dead? Homeowners and business **own their parking space**. *Street parking belongs to the city*. 

*You cannot rent out something that does not belong to you*. 




 "Hack an app"

Is this how people really talk nowadays? It's strange people interchange the word "code/program" with "hack". 

That doesn't make sense anyway because you can't rent out something you don't own. 




 You can be pregnant **and** have a baby in your hand... they are not mutually exclusive...

Ah, unless you are making a funny. Good one sir. 




 "Losing my mind"

I didn't know making a Reddit post qualifies as losing my mind, but OK.

I get pissed when people are inconsiderate and lazy, and negatively impacts other people.  




 I am the ultimate dibs hater. **Dibs are evil.** My wife isn't entitled to anything. It's just infuriating when a spot is wasted, when it didn't have to be that way. 

Don't assume. Dibs are evil.  




 Interesting, but not around these parts. I've parked with my nose 5-6 inches beyond the pole - overnight - dozens of times. I see cars all the way up to the pole, including large ones. Parking 20 ft within a sidewalk might be the law, but it is not enforced. And in this neighborhood, no one parks farther than 5 feet away from the sidewalk. 




 I am saying this is not the case. Trust me. And this happens ALL the time. I've seen these people park like this, without any obstacle preventing them parking like a normal person. 




  Maybe move to a neighborhood where you fell more comfortable walking around?

Yea that's the answer. Move.

Thanks dude. I'm calling my realtor now

/s 




 West Rogers Park 




 I'm not freaking out. Not slashing tires. Not fighting with people. Just asking people not to park this way. It wastes valuable street parking space.

Is that a problem? 




 Who says I'm in the car? When I'm at work my wife uses the car, baby in hand. 




 SFH? It's a part of West Rogers Park that has 4 apartment buildings within a short block of each other. This intersection has 2 apartment buildings. I sometimes have to find parking very far away - and when my wife comes home at night, I have to go downstairs and park the car for her - so she doesn't walk so far at night by herself. 




 Seriously I'm posting a pic on Reddit. Not keying the car or slashing tires. I'm not freaking out. It's just annoying. It would be nice if we parked more efficiently. 




 I'm telling you, if he moved up all the way, we'd be able to park 4 cars here. Instead, we can only park three. Maybe I should submit a picture of that also. 




 I'm 27.

I didn't leave a note yet. I'd like too though. 




 Half a car length makes the difference, especially when you are already taking up so much space because you are a pickup truck.

And yes it is a no parking sign, pointing in front of the pole. 




 Of course it's open. That's the middle of the day. Come back at night time and there is no where to park, and this ass is still here. 




 It's the middle of the day. There is always parking then. It's night time that's the problem.  




 For the record, my street does not have ample parking at night due to apartments. This strip has enough round to fit 4 cars, even if 1-2 of the cars are longer than normal. This is provided some asshole like this doesn't take up an extra 3 feet. my wife is pregnant and this spot is right in front of my apartment. It's really infuriating when she or I have to park really far away when there could have been a spot at our front door. 




 EDIT 




 EDIT 




 Nope. I see this all the time in the same spot. People are just inconsiderate idiots. 




 That's your comparison? A sport where the swinger misses often? Shanks are normal? You need to be able to hit the ball *every time* in tennis. There is no reason to 'guess' where the ball is going. You have a significantly longer reaction time allowed in tennis than in cricket. 

If you are looking away from the ball in the last moment, after you are halfway through your *forward swing*, you will probably be ok. 

You've used two completely different sports to make a comparison to tennis anyway. And check the attitude if you are going to respond. This isn't /r/politics.
 









 When people respond to the AskReddit question underneath someone's comment, instead of as a new comment. Karma piggybacking motherfuckers. 




  your brain already knows exactly where that ball is going to end up.

No - your brain knows the *area* it will end up. If you want to hit the ball in the sweetspot, and not shank it, you need to watch the ball until it comes very close to you.

Btw, that wasn't a story. 




 And that is only the number caught *and* expelled. I had Chinese students in my Humanities class who blatantly plagiarized their paper. They got an F for the assignment, but were not expelled. 




 If g-d created a tree yesterday, how old is that tree? 

If you say one day, you would be correct. But you might also say 5 years, since it takes that long for the tree to appear that way (5 years is arbitrary, but obviously a tree cannot be 1 day old- it had to grow first).

That's how I think of it.

Also I'm not sure when arguing with creationists, we use carbon dating as an example. A much better proof of the age of the universe is to look at the stars. Billions of light years away. If they were 6000 years old - we wouldn't be able to see them. 




 I'd hardly call keeping national parks open comparable to hurricane relief. The worst part of the sequester was the congestion at airports due to less air traffic controllers. That is still not comparable to disaster relief - and was avoidable even with the sequester. 

And I think you are mixing up things anyway. Shutting down the government due to a disagreement of budgeting - that's not pork. That's what a budget is. "Make these spending cuts, or we won't agree on a budget". Very related. 

If Republicans made a demand that is *not* related to the budget/spending, then that would be similar. Still, does not compare to relief funds or other kind of emergency funding. 




  I don't think there is that big a difference, it's just that one is more distasteful than the other because there is human suffering involved. Other than that, it's all the same.

That's a big fucking difference. One bill - "We need to pass it TODAY. PEOPLE NEED THIS BILL TODAY" vs. "We can pass this bill today, tomorrow, next week, or next month - it's not a big deal".

Not to mention when you need both democrats and republicans to vote for a bill, it *has* to have something that both sides want in order for it to pass.

Relief bills are non-partisan, no brainer, non-political bills that should **never** have pork in them.  




 A 5 dimensional sphere 




 Although pork barrel spending add ons are typical - for immediate disaster relief funding, I find it unacceptable. 

There is a very big difference between adding pork barrel spending to a bill that is not an emergency, vs using this tactic when emergency relief funds are required.

If Republicans tacked on tax breaks to the relief fund bill, wouldn't Democrats vote against it? Wouldn't that be downright disgusting? But that's basically what happened here.  




 There is a BIG difference between adding garbage legislation to an emergency bill, and adding legislation on a non-critical bill that has been back and forth for a month. The latter is acceptable and typical. The former is unacceptable, and I'm glad it got voted against. Using emergency funding to push a political agenda is disgusting, and it was clearly a completely political move.  




 This is likely because relief funds were bundled with a bunch of other unrelated legislature that had no business being part of the relief bill. 




 Sweet. Already got a dollar on my account 




 No one wants to openly admit that one particular demographic is responsible for the vast majority of this obnoxious behavior. This is my personal experience from riding from Howard to 35th street, 5 days a week for almost 2.5 years. 




 Intersting. Will keep on eye on it. It's one of those stocks that will do nothing for 1-2 years, and then pop like crazy. 




 Everyone on Reddit is a bot except you.

Oh oops. wrong post. 




 Was waiting for this comment to show up 




 Did you really just name two private ivy-league schools? As if they are even part of this conversation. Anyone going to those schools have no problems getting jobs out of college. And post-doc work? This entire discussion has been about undergraduate studies. Not ivy league graduate students and PhDs. That's not your average student. Those are not the students that typically struggle with unemployment and high student loans. 




 Someone making $75k straight out of college will be making $90k in a few years. And if they only had to take out $30k, their loans would all be quite low in percentage (probably no private loans needed). Of course it would be better to have less debt.

However my point is that the numbers are no even close to what I'm saying. Average student debt is greater than $30k, and the average salary is closer to $40k (many students don't even get jobs). That is the problem. If we were all only at a 40% debt ratio, we wouldn't have 35% of people between 22-30 living in their parents homes.

And your high school comparison is nice, but I'd take the $30k debt any day over no debt and a $9/hr job. That $9/hr job won't get you anywhere. So yea that's nice you can do it for cheaper, but it is not an end result. 

 To suggest that 40% of your income going toward student loans is fine is financially irresponsible.

Who said 40% of your income goes to the loan? You pay the loan over 10-25 years. Your payment will be less than 10% of your income. 

I can tell you because the numbers I used is exactly my position. I have $30k in loans, $75k income, and my loans payments are about 5% of my income. Over the life of my loan I'll pay around $6,000 interest. Considering the job that I have, and the career I have ahead of me, it was more than worth it. 

However to only have $30k in loans, I had to go to community college for two years, and have my parents assistance in paying some of my tuition. $30k is after all of that. The system is messed up. Period. The tuition is just too damn high. The loans are not the problem. They are a symptom of a much bigger and complicated issue. 




  So, if I understand the habits of you people correctly

Excuse me?

It's interesting how the Post dissects one of the dozens of times Gruber said about masking the cost of Obamacare in order to get it passed. This article from the post would make sense - if that was the only quote we have a Gruber. And let us not forget our President himself who promised we could keep our doctors, which he knew to be a flat-out lie.

If this was a little bill, it probably wouldn't matter. But this was the biggest piece of legislature in the past 2-3 decades (maybe more), so you can't just throw your hands up in the air and say, "Oh haha that's how they do it in politics!".

 I'd like to see Republicans say that when defending Bush's invasion of Iraq, and see how liberals take it. "haha yea we lied about WMDs. You know, people are stupid. If we told them the truth, we would have never been able to invade Iraq! HAHAHA"

Yea, I'm sure you'd think that's totally legit.

And my initial comment was a joke. But it's also poking at liberals who are quoting an Republican Senator in a Liberal state who is now claiming the court cases are built on lies - that's a story here. But building the entire premise of Obamacare on lies? That's not a story. That's my point. They are connected in a way. And it's kind of worthless to be quoting a Republican is who likely just trying to appeal to her Democratic constituents in her state. 




 I don't think you understand supply and demand. If every single person has a diploma - then the value of the diploma (from the recruiter's perspective) is exactly zero. Everyone has one. If only 30% of people have one, then finding a candidate with a diploma is more difficult. The diploma now has value. The person with the diploma now has an easier time finding a job (compared to those without diplomas).

Growing up I used to always hear the stats on how someone with a diploma vs someone without, will end up making $1,000,000 more over 25 years (or something like that). Those stats are not valid anymore, as even those with diplomas cannot get jobs - or take jobs they probably could have gotten without a diploma.  




   I'd also say the job market is partially to blame for demanding college degrees for jobs that don't need it.

You have the cause and effect backwards. Since so many people have degrees (the supply is high), they can demand degrees. I mean, why would you take an employee without a degree when an employee with a degree is so damn easy to find?

 I don't think the government is subsidizing it though, they actually turn a profit on student loans last time I checked. Students are getting shackled with loans many of which are at 8% interest.

Two things wrong with these statements:

* 8% interest is private loans that has nothing to do with government loans
* Any profit the government makes is solely due to graduate degrees (doctors, lawyers, MBAs). If we look at undergraduate only, the government absolutely does not make a profit.

A good quote from a Forbes article [here](http://www.forbes.com/sites/jeffreydorfman/2014/04/19/student-loan-profits-show-government-should-get-out-of-student-loan-business/)

 Are student loans different in a sense that we should allow borrowers to place themselves under debt burdens they cannot carry? I dont think so. If some students cannot borrow money for college because they will likely be unable to repay their debts, the student is probably better off without the loan. If such a system means some students are encouraged to study a subject expected to produce earnings upon graduation rather than a subject which is not, society will not only survive but likely benefit. 




 This was poke at Gruber - who although wasn't a Senator, has been recorded openly that Obamacare was sold on a complete lie. I said 'Senator' because I thought it was clever to almost match the title of the post. 

One of the greatest overhaul's and changes to American economic/political/medical policy - with a trillion dollar + consequence - was sold on lies. That somehow, is of no consequence to liberal on /r/politics or /r/liberal, or liberals in general. 




  You made a great point in your first sentence! But. . . I think you also refuted yourself :s
 Yes, just like Germany, a smaller country with less resources and people yet accomplishing more than the USA. Yes. With a higher barrier for entry to get into college, yes! That way you're not subsidizing 1,000,000 sociology degrees and yes, not everyone gets to go to college.

Yea sorry if I wasn't clear, but I'm saying Germany *could be a good model*. But Germany's model is **not what Bernie is proposing** - that's the problem.  




 "Former Democrat Senator Admits Obamacare Was Built on Lies" 




  Nearly all of what you listed are post-education issues, but here goes.

Yea that's what we are talking about here when Bernie says he wants to make tuition free. So yes, post-education is what we are talking about.

 Education is first and foremost designed to teach you how to think

12 years of formal education can't do this? The idea that somehow we need to spend 4 years to 'learn how to think' is absolutely appalling. Not to mention the free resources available to students today can easily replace much (not all) of the material covered in college. The 4 year college experience should not be required to be considered an educated person. If that's your goal - do it in two years at the most. You simply don't need 4.

 The argument that there are too many diplomas obscures the issue that for many in the job market the diploma is a necessity--this is a problem with the job market and not with the number if diplomas.

The more diplomas, the less valuable each diploma is. Period. It's quite simple. 

Your comments about researchers is bothersome. So you think it is OK for us to be taking money from a 19 year old, with no job, with no income, and use their debt to increase the reputation/esteem/prestige of the college? Shouldn't that money only be going to enhance their education? Wtf is that about? Young students are paying for public universities to have high tech research - which in turn does nothing to help them have a better education.

Saying that the entire problem lies with the fact that taxpayers don't provide free tuition - it's not only short sighted- it's just plain stupid. 




  Nearly all of what you listed are post-education issues, but here goes.

Yea that's what we are talking about here when Bernie says he wants to make tuition free. So yes, post-education is what we are talking about.

 Education is first and foremost designed to teach you how to think

12 years of formal education can't do this? The idea that somehow we need to spend 4 years to 'learn how to think' is absolutely appalling. Not to mention the free resources available to students today can easily replace much (not all) of the material covered in college. The 4 year college experience should not be required to be considered an educated person. If that's your goal - do it in two years at the most. You simply don't need 4.

 The argument that there are too many diplomas obscures the issue that for many in the job market the diploma is a necessity--this is a problem with the job market and not with the number if diplomas.

The more diplomas, the less valuable each diploma is. Period. It's quite simple. 

Your comments about researchers is bothersome. So you think it is OK for us to be taking money from a 19 year old, with no job, with no income, and use their debt to increase the reputation/esteem/prestige of the college? Shouldn't that money only be going to enhance their education? Wtf is that about? Young students are paying for public universities to have high tech research - which in turn does nothing to help them have a better education.

Saying that the entire problem lies with the fact that taxpayers don't provide free tuition - it's not only short sighted- it's just plain stupid. 




  how are the current government conservative policies not "short-sighted."

Didn't say the aren't short-sighted. It is possible to criticize a liberal idea, while at the same time not agreeing with some Republicans and their policies. 

I would do the following:

* Freeze all tuition for public schools
* Limit the amount of money public schools can spend on research
* Force schools to take a larger percentage of the burden buy forcing them to use more of their endowments to make tuition cheaper for students
* Encourage/discourage certain degrees by offering a set amount of grants/loans for certain majors. For example, provide full grants for 1,000,000 engineering majors a year, but only 50,000 to sociology majors. 
* Offer more incentives/funding to non-4 year institutions that provide training

Just some things to do. We need to completely turn around the entire 'college experience'. It's a drain on our economy, it's a drain on parents and on students. And for what? So that they 'can learn how to think'? What nonsense is that? We need to spend $100,000 to 'learn how to think'? And then 'learn how to live in your parents basement', and then 'learn how to collect unemployment'? We are doing a disservice to our children and setting them up to fail. 




  What I'm saying is that the rate of transactions today is not good for the end users of these mechanisms, but it is grand for the middlemen who get to claim their piece every time money moves around

Really? You can go read study after study on how HFT and derivative trading greatly reduces volatility in the market - because it is those traders that absorb the volatility. 

 Reducing the pace of capital transactions is not at all the same thing as contracting the economy, and it may be an excellent way to grow the economy.

Honestly I'm just going to stop here because you skipped ECON 101 




 You're backtracking and sidestepping all the bullshit you wrote earlier.. but OK. The fact is, about 80% or more of the middle class *already* relies on pensions or 401Ks. Period. Bernie himself has said that he wants to contract the economy. His goal is to actually *fuck up the economy*. I seriously hope this guy doesn't get elected. 




  The straw man is the argument

Haha /u/Demonweed calling out a strawman argument. Irony. 




 I would eliminate the word 'reality' from your vocabulary, because you clearly don't understand what it is.

 "Greatly effect" is clearly a lie

In 2009, the number of Americans who had a pension or 401k was around 40%. Now considering anyone below the age of 18 would never have a pension/401k, that means the majority of the **middle class** has some form of pension or 401k.

  but those who do are harmed insignificantly by the change (save for the middlemen who rake in commissions by uselessly churning other people's money.)

You pulled that out of your ass. What reality do you live in? The funds that are behind pensions and 401ks will get hit by the cost, and will increase their commission rates, or simply lower their return. It's not just HFT that will get hurt - we all will.

Not to mention that even more liberal countries like England refuse to have such a law, as they know companies will just move to France or Germany. The net result would be less revenue - which defeats the entire purpose of the law. 

And for some simple math - if you have a $1 billion fund - lets say you make $300 million in trades a month - that is $3.6 billion in trades. .5% of $3.6 billion is $18 million. That's a 1.8% overall tax on the entire fun. That tax is now taken out of the return to the customer. What you are left is with a significant decrease to the rate of return for pensions and 401k. 

Bernie's proposal is not new or revolutionary. It's been discussed before [here is a short article](http://www.forbes.com/sites/timworstall/2013/05/08/the-financial-transactions-tax-will-just-kill-the-banking-economy/) 




 /u/Demonweed you are an ignorant s###. Seriously. Why don't you go read up on the "Robin Hood" tax, and how it will tax and greatly effect anyone with a 401k or a pension- **also called the entire middle class**. You are making ridiculously stupid assumptions that are completely false, and then telling others their ideas/arguments are not in reality.

tl;dr: /u/Demonweed is an ignorant s***. The "Robin Hood" tax will tax the middle class, along with the wealthy. No trickle down bullshit here.  




 Root causes/problems: 

* rising tuition costs - not actually the cost of education, but the rising dollar amount that institutions charge to students. This is the biggest problem. We wouldn't care about student debt if tuition was $2,500 a year. 
* Increased number of diplomas given out, diminishes the value of the diplomas
* Poor economy and job placement after college.
* Too many students getting majors that cost too much, and have no hope of paying back the loans.
* Not enough students going to trade schools or other fields that do not require a 4 year degree.
* Governments continuing to allow public schools to raise tuition 
* Institutions using students' money, and taxpayer money to make lavish campuses - but not to better the actual education.
* Institutions using students' money, and taxpayer money to increase their reputation by hiring elite researchers (at no benefit to undergraduates)
* The *culture* pushed by k-12 that everyone should go to college- if they don't, they are somehow a failure.

The problem is the *cost*, and the *job placement* after college. I think we would all be OK with $30,000 of debt, if we all had jobs that paid $75,000 out of college.

The fact that students are struggling with debt is the symptom of a lot of other issues (that I mentioned). Bernie's solution does nothing but eliminate debt - which is nice - but doesn't fix the root problems - and in fact would likely exacerbate many of them. 
























  Could a business even have profits of they had to pay for all of this stuff on their own?

Who knows? That means roads are paid for by businesses - but that also means Walmart wouldn't pay billions in taxes. Likely, they would still make plenty of money - but the cost might be passed to the consumer. 

Even if that's not correct (and it's really really hypothetical), regular government benefits that Walmart and every other business gets, **is not called a subsidy, and defining it as such is intellectually dishonest**. 




 Geeze tell me about it. 

I FUCKING KNOW I AM FULL SCREEN DAMMIT GOOGLE! 




 The problem is politics. Democrats would never propose this because Republicans would actually vote yes to it - that would make Republicans look good. Well, Democrats can't have that.

Republicans won't propose this because... well frankly, because they are stupid as balls. Why the hell don't they propose something like this? 

I hate politicians, even the ones I tend to agree with. 




 What would happen if those employees receiving partial welfare subsidies didn't have a job at Walmart? 

Answer: they would have to **receive even more subsidies from the government, costing the taxpayer more money**. I would argue Walmart is saving the taxpayer money.  




 Um they pay taxes, which supports roads, municipal services and everything else. It's quite a stretch to say Walmart gets 'subsidies'. Then we can say every business gets 'subsidies'. In fact, **you** get subsidies because you use the road!

Sounds absurd. 




 What subsidies? Are you pulling this out your ass?  




 1. Change laws to make this much more difficult, if not impossible to happen.

2. Lower corporate tax rate to make sure this doesn't happen.

This will increase revenue from WalMart and companies like Apple, Google, etc. At a 35% tax rate, and with laws that allow you to take money overseas easily, is there any surprise? Instead of getting 35%, we end up getting significantly less. So then what's the point of the 35% tax rate if it forces companies overseas? It is self defeating.  









 That's megabytes or megabits? I always forget how the capitalization works. 




 Well so was Lebron when he was on Miami. This year too - just his two top guys got injured. 




 No duh. Its just a funny comparison 









 In this case I probably want to sell. I'm sure the people who bought yesterday will be happy with a 30% gain. Ya maybe I'll sell if it goes down more than 5% tomorrow. 




 Wait so this guys posts on twitter and the stock goes up 40%? 




 Why does having a small group of people with concentrated wealth imply that there is a large group of poor people?

Practically speaking, they usually come together, but one doesn't imply the other. That's what I don't understand.

EDIT: Have not watched video yet. 




 Can someone actually explain why income/wealth inequality is bad? 




 I see no news at all about the company, yet it went up 38%. I bought this stock at $.34 or so. Maybe it's time to cash out. Not sure what to do. 




 *  *

From the bottom of [this page](http://hebrewbooks.org/shas.aspx?mesechta=25 daf=9 format=pdf) 




  Am I better off converting conservative and then once I'm in a place where I can afford to live alone, finally going full blown orthodox?

I think that would make it much more difficult for Orthodox Rabbis to take you seriously.  




 Amen 




 The counterargument is "We need to stimulate the economy, and *spend more* on the lower class". What you said doesn't seem like a counterargument. 

I say spend less, you say 'we can't pay the interest' - so what are you trying to say? Don't spend less?  




 Good point. Although the austerity measures on Greece is not really a function of 'trickle down' thinking - it's more of a function of "were going bankrupt, and we can't spend this money". 




 Whether the IMF is right or wrong, how is this any different than any economist making such a statement? Or a college, or some other group? 




 Money does trickle down. Just not that much. Like a user said above, much less money is injected into the economy when given to wealthy - but **some** is - just not that much. 




 Well not exactly. It's more about how much (or really, how little) wealth trickles down. Even when the wealthy keeps their money in a bank account, it helps the lower class in someway (banks can lend more for example). 

Not saying it justifies certain policies. But saying it doesn't exist at all is simply not true. It trickles down, just not as much as some would have us think. 




 Well at least the karma I got for this point kinda made up for it...

I was actually surprised that was my most downvoted comment. I thought it would have been one of my conservative leaning comments. 




 I guess I did too good of a job - because that was the point. But I used an example that is so farfetched, that no one in their right mind should think I'm being serious. I was trying to use anti-vaxxer logic to the extreme. 




 I have no idea. Here is what I was responding to:

http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2x9ww2/law_requiring_california_parents_to_vaccinate/coy93br 




 This. 




 Someone link that comment from a guy who was a boy, but his psycho mom told him he was a girl. Dressed him like a girl - and he thought he was a girl until he was like 8 years old. He thought his penis would just fall off eventually. 




 The Legend of Zelda and Doom 




 My most downvoted comment? For making a joke that was making fun of anti-vaxxers. Except people couldn't tell that I was joking, and thought I was serious. 

 I believe that shooting people in the kidneys is good for their health. Who are you to tell me otherwise? 




 I downvoted that comment. 




 Hello, I am a recruiter from Google. We were interested in interviewing you for a managerial position. We regret to inform you that we are forced to rescind our offer. We do not believe you will fit within our culture. 




 Giving head? What does 'making her own decisions' even mean? 




 Repost from /u/maniactigwelder

 I have had 2 fathers in my lifetime. My biological father and my Step-Father. My biological dad was diagnosed with skin cancer in 2003 and died in 2005 from said disease, which then absolutely crushed my mom. She then got remarried in 2009 to my step dad. In 2011 he was in a work related accident that ended with him drowning in a storm drain due to a careless driver.
I was 17 at the time, and when we received the news, my mom went borderline catatonic. All she did was exist as a shell of herself, and manage to go to her job. So I had to step up and (literally) be the man of the house for her and my sister who was living at home at the time. I cooked, cleaned, and did all the housework, in tandem with finishing highschool, and working nearly full-time. Did that for nearly 2 years before she came back out of her funk, but that whole experience really prepared my for the harsh reality that is life. 




 It was absolutely horrendous. I'm glad. Don't fuck with my bookmarks. 




 I had the same problem as you. I couldn't really learn anything on my own unless it was being taught to me. However eventually, when you spend enough time learning, you will be able to learn on your own. It might just take a while.

But if you really can never figure out how to learn on your own, you are probably screwed. 




 There is a moment... 




 Reallly? Can we please make an announcement when this happens?  




 Umm okay that's going to far. There is a moment ... 




 Buy everything I could possibly want, obviously. Then in the 9th year, buy a bagillion Visa gift cards. Then declare bankruptcy when the money is due. But no one will know about my visa gift cards. Keep living the high life. Done. 




 People who drive the speed limit in the left lane. 

**GET OUT OF THE LEFT LANE OR I WILL MURDER YOUR CHILDREN** 




 I love STI/WRXs. One of my favorite cars I drove was an older WRX. Have fun dude. 




 You wanna roll up in my Mercedes? 




 I own makkos, as well as others. I wanted a digital copy because I left mine at home. but thanks for the unsolicited advice. 




 I am on tes amud aleph now. Learning with a chabura. Going very very slow. Its a chabura of balei tshuva. Most of us weren't able to spend enough time in yeshiva. And we are all Russian. 




 Strawman. 




  a fitting theme for someone who became a billionaire by buying and selling companies.

Except he is not a billionaire. A glaring mistake in the first paragraph. Kind of sounds like a biased, butt-hurt Quinn supporter pretending to be a journalist. 




 Or an Obama 




 "Plenty of slaves for my robot colony"

And of course,

"There is a moment..." 




 This 




 Amargo went full white-girl: he couldn't even. 




 A little late to the game, but here it goes...

**I once was sent to the principals office in 1st grade because I was "Innapropriately using the hand dryer" in the bathroom.**

And no, it's not what you are thinking. The teacher pulled me aside after I got out of the bathroom and started yelling at me. I think maybe I was slapping the front of the dryer. Honestly I was confused the whole time. While she was yelling at me she said, "YOU HEAR THAT?" - pointing back at that bathroom - "That's what you were doing!!". 

I honestly had no idea what she was talking about. And if that was the case, why didn't she go and pull the student who just came out of the bathroom.

My Mom got a phone call about it. She had no idea what to even think. We laugh about it to this day. 




 Ha I like that the cold hearted litvak linked this. 




 /u/namer98 has posted quite a few anti-orthodox articles here. Let's stop taking his post seriously.  




 Exactly what I was looking for. Thank you. 




 So basically he wants Orthodox Judaism to become Conservative Judaism? So after 3000 years of tradition, Orthodox Jews will change their stances simply because a bunch of immoral liberals tell them to? I certainly hope not. 




 I find a lot of translations into English, but I am having trouble finding digital versions of the actual text of the Talmud. Specifically, I am looking for Tractate Makkos.  




 I thought not having legends was part of the joke - turns out it is just bad graph making.

LABEL YOUR DAMN CHARTS.

And thanks for the explanation. Would have never realized we were talking about 'hash'. 




 I don't get it. 




 How is this useful? Who has a resolution monitor that high? 




 There is a moment... 




 I think this is more because Cooper didn't go just to save humanity. He was also going because he hated farming - "You were good at something, and you never had a chance to use it". I think she felt he was abandoning her to pursue his dreams. 

This goes well in parallel with Dr. Brand's idea to go to Dr. Edmund's planet. She says she wanted to go there because it was more likely to support life - but really she wanted to see Dr. Edmund. Same thing with Cooper. He said he was going to help save humanity - but really just wanted to do what he loved. And Muprh felt that. 




 There is a moment... 




 Jesus fucking Google it. 




 I think that's the definition of premature optimization. 




 To remind you, because you seem to have forgotten, my comment was in response to this:

 You know, like the ones its always trying to manufacture for countries it attempts to apply special double standards upon?

Israel is the example. Did I compare the actions of Israel or any country to 200-300 prostitution cases? You made a classical strawman argument, and somehow at least 2 idiots agreed with you. 




 He lost me at 'this' 




 Most obvious example would be israel 




 Cough Israel cough 




 Former TGI Fridays employee here. 

You dont want to order the pecan crusted chicken salad if you want to be healthy. Used to see skinny white girls order this salad all day long. Thing is, it's around *1400 calories*. 




 Oh you motherfucker 




 There is a moment... 




 Yea that's quite a stretch. The 'minute' might have relatively changed  compared to Earth's minutes - but that's really irrelevant even if that was true (which it is probably not, because they don't mention any time loss in regards to Dr. Mann's planet) - as there is no reason for TARS to change the rpm to match 'real time'.  




 There is a moment... 




 There is a moment... 




 There is a moment... 




 I work on a team that used to have part of the team work in Mumbai. Definitely lose some quality when using overseas workers. 




 I was hoping that she was going to fall on the way down. 




 Yea it was an interesting color outside this morning. I thought it was just cloudy. 




 I just kept saying 'Stop! Stop!' While watching that 




 wow thank you... /s 




 Can someone explain to me what 4chan is? 




 Interesting thought, but I don't think anyone ever means radians when saying 'rpm' 




 Voting fraud isn't real. Duh. 




 Lol wut? 




 Watch the [awesome docking scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GhlU3ikw8sA) again. Time the rotation yourself, and you'll see it's waaay less than 67 rpm 




 Lol that's the only line I laughed at 




 To be fair, /r/politics is probably most guilty of this than any other subreddit. 




 o o. 




 You actually didn't answer the question. 




 I thought it was pronounced "youler", not "oiler". Am I wrong? 




 Another movie with a fantastic soundtrack 




 No - the cost of having 'the survival skills of boy scouts'.  




 Hey look another way for us to dig ourselves into debt. 




 Considering Harvard is sitting on the biggest endowment in the country ($36 billion), this seems like a colossal waste of money. 









 Calling this 'cyberpunk' is an insult to Hans Zimmer. 




 This was entertaining. 




 I was corrected, it was actually mission to mars.

But there is also a self sacrifice in red planet. 




 Shoot you're right, Red Planet is that one with Val Kilmer and the matrix girl. 




  I feel like Gravity coming out a year earlier was bad for Interstellar, honestly. It looked like 'another space film' so people were maybe less interested. I've met a lot of people who saw Gravity but not Interstellar. Just unfortunate really.

Before I saw this movie - that's also what I thought. I barely read any reviews. I just heard that it was a good movie. I was shocked by how *good* Interstellar actually was. That'd be very sad if someone saw Gravity and not Interstellar. Gravity is a joke compared to Interstellar. 




 I really missed out huh. I wonder if they'll ever air it again in IMAX. 




 I think the biggest thing is not just the lack of winners, but the lack of depth to Nadal's forehand. You see anytime Nadal hit the ball slightly short, Djokavic would move and play the net (very well I might add). I think if Nadal fixes that up, and gets his confidence back, he can easily win next year. 




 Never go full retard 




 Lol no are you kidding? I saw him post this for the 18th time yesterday. I was wondering if that's a number he pulled out of his hat, but he is actually counting. The point is:

**MAKE A FUCKING STICKY ALREADY** 




  Orbital velocities are a significant fraction of c near the event horizon. Coupled with time dilation even more intense than on Miller's world, Endurance's flyby lasted minutes for the crew.

It is my understanding that supermassive black holes are *light years* wide. Some are thousands of light years wide. So it would have taken them *years*, even at near speed of light. 




 Ooh interesting. Never thought of that.  




 Just some observations/questions  I have about the movie (and no, I won't ask how it's possible that the future humans can... )

1. **The music might be the best part of the movie**. I mean really, it's phenominal. I've been listening to it at work. I highly suggest listening to [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBfk37Fa3H0) from beginning to end. It will make you appreciate the movie even more.

2. **Doyle killed himself**. He could have easily ran into the ranger after Case went to get Dr. Brand. It's really his own damn fault for dying. He waited too long, and then took an extra glance at the wave before dying.

3. **What happened to the spaghetti effect?** So I've read that larger black holes might not have this effect - *but if it is a supermassive black hole, then they wouldn't have been able to 'slingshot' around it - that would have taken years*. Maybe I'm missing something. Either the spaghetti effect should have happened, or they should not have been able to slingshot around the black hole

4. **Murph's reaction to seeing her father**. I get that she was a peace, and old, and didn't need closure anymore. However, I would think she would ask the questions, "Hey Dad, how did you send a message across space and time? And how did you figure out the gravity problem? And where have you been? Why aren't you with Dr. Brand?"

5. **Dr. Brand's poem - Rage against the dying of the light**. I found it interesting that both Dr. Brand (sr.) and Dr. Mann seemed to really liked this poem. The poem seemed to be about fighting against 'the dying of the light' - or the extermination of the humans. Ironically, they are the two characters in the movie that actually *gave up* on plan A - saving the humans. Instead, they *give up*, and opt for just continuing the race - but not saving the people. It seems that *they both did not 'rage against the dying of the light', despite their love for that poem*.

6. **The very cliche "man sacrifices himself to save woman in space"** - I can think of two other times I've seen this in movies. In Red Planet, one character opens his helmet, so his wife doesn't die trying to save him (Tim Robbins). In Gravity, George Clooney cuts the cord in order to save the woman (Sandra Bullock). And here, Cooper detaches to save Dr. Brand. Cliche? Sexist a bit? Doesn't bother me much, just thought about it.

7. **If this movie was released earlier, it probably would have been named 'Gravity'**. Well I'm not sure, but it's a possibility. 




 From the /u/the_hiding answer:

 It's essentially, for whatever reason, definite to happen

That is literally the definition of the Predestination Paradox - which is not really a paradox at all. But that's what it's called. We need to make a sticky on this subreddit explaining this. 




  But in the end it's all irrelevant. Once he's done in the Tesseract, "they" can put Cooper back into our spacetime wherever and whenever they choose.
 COOPER: They have access to infinite time and space...
 In the end "they" decided to put him back within range of Cooper Station at around the same time that Brand was arriving at Edmunds' world.

This. 




 Will people stop saying it's the bootstrap paradox? It's not. It is a [predestination paradox] (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Predestination_paradox) - which is not actually a paradox. 
























 Me too 




 Sigh.

I wish. Madigan is the most accountable for Illinois' mess of any politician, more so than any governor. Sadly, he isn't going anywhere. 




 Wow I thought this was /r/politics. No wonder I didn't get down voted for mentioning that they returned the $$$. 




 Ha. That's a good point. I think legally you can't do that with campaign funds. Campaign funds are for campaigning only. 




 Love it. I'll always have a soft spot for those WRXs 




 Thanks, John Stewart. 




 Well yes, corporations are surely larger. But in regards to their political influence via donations, they are actually quite close to corporations. Look up how much unions contributed in 2012 to the general election (presidential and others). Were talking about hundreds of millions. Corporations didn't spend much more than that (recall that both Obama and Romney spent around $1 billion) 




 Can we stop posting anything from Vox or Salon? 




 Have you heard of the 'queen bee' syndrome? Once women get into power, they are less likely to allow their female peers to move up - because they want to be the woman at the top - the queen bee.

Wiki - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Queen_bee_syndrome 




 Ok then - anyone who has been serving for more than 10 years. Period. They all need to go. 




  but rather when that group becomes too big and powerful

And unions *are* powerful. The swing elections, put politicians in office, influence financial policies, even to the detriment of the city/state. Unions in their current form are dangerous, and running amok. Again, look at Chicago Teachers Unions now, and Illinois as a whole.  




 You asked, 'how do you see yourself dying'. I am telling you how to do it. In order to see yourself dying, you would need to be looking at a mirror while dying.

Or you can use timetravel or something, that's not real. 




 I will vote for Bernie 




 My comment got some upvotes. That should make you feel better.

http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/3aq8ii/the_white_supremacist_who_influenced_the/csf041g 




 By looking in the mirror as you die.  




 Get a drink, walk near the dance floor, go to the bathroom for 25 minutes, repeat. 




 No, they serve themselves. And they use workers' contributions to donate to politicians to promise not to diminish their power. And they use the workers' collective rights as a bargaining chip to obtain higher wages/benefits that are more than unreasonable. See the Chicago Teacher's Unions pension fund in /r/chicago. 




 It's not called 'free-range' parenting. It's just called "parenting".  




 I thought he was in prison? 




  but coming back into the emotional section of the movie as Cooper watches his family's messages right after a break might soften the impact.

This. 




 People who complain about Gohan don't understand his character. He is not a fighter. He is not like Goku and Vegeta who love fighting and always want to become stronger. After Cell, Gohan was forced to study - yes, but he didn't miss fighting like Goku would miss it. He is motivated to fight when he has to. Otherwise, he is a peaceful character. 




 Yea some are more obvious than others, that for sure. But thanks for the info! 




 I think at this point, we need to stop trying to figure out who to blame. It's irrelevant. This is the same in regards to Illinois' financial situation. Just freaking get it done, figure it out. Tax raises and spending cuts put together. Just freaking do it.

Linkme: Shia saying "JUST DO IT" 




 No. No it's not.  




 That's what you get for owning a Suzuki. 




 This. And strong depreciation value is indicative of poor quality and reliability in the long run. 




 They are returning the money from these groups:

http://news.yahoo.com/republican-presidential-candidates-return-donate-contributions-called-white-163504441.html 




 Anytime I hear the sound of a WRX, I always know. I'll be sitting with my wife, and I'll hear the faint sound and I'll say, "Hey honey there is a WRX somewhere".

But to be fair, I'm not always certain if it is an STI or not. But I also can tell when there is an Impreza. I don't know that much about cars, but I can just *hear* the Subaru. I just *know* when it's around.

Am I special, or is there something actually distinct in Subaru engines that everyone notices besides me?

EDIT: this could also be because my Dad had an old Forester, then a Saabaru (Saab 92x), my brother had a 2004 WRX (maybe it was 2006, don't remember), and I had a 2008 Subaru Impreza. Now I drive a stupid Ford Focus (darn you wife for not being able to drive stick!) 




 This is really an emotional ploy to grab our attention and get us riled up. But really, who cares? 

Walmart has what, almost 2 million US employees? And the CEO makes $20 million. Who freaking cares. That's $10 *per employee per year* if we spread that around all other empoyees. That would end up being **less than half a cent per hour**. I mean really, when you are talking about a CEO, that is one employee in a company of hundreds of thousands. 

I understand how it bothers people, but practically speaking, it doesn't make a bit of a difference. It really seems more like an argument based on envy/anger/resentment than actual logic. 




 Not sure if unions are much better than corporations. They are self-serving, and only interested in their self-preservation 




 Interesting, I would have suspected the opposite order. I guess kids are different nowadays. 









 What city you from? We can help you get involved with your roots. 




 Nope 




 It would probably be better if we encouraged people to not cover up their racism. Then we would have a better idea of how people actually feel, and where we stand as a country. Instead, there is delusion because everyone is so politically correct in public - but in private are still as racist as they were 30 years ago. 




 I am usually on the fence of F*** Obama and every word that comes out of his mouth. But honestly, here he makes sense. It's the most sense he has made in quite some time. I think it's about time that we realize that all this fake political correctness is not what eradicates racism.  




  tbh if that's Gohan during the buu saga he would wipe the floor with Vegeta.

Very true. Can't argue that.  




 Wait, you mean forcing everyone to be politically correct doesn't eradicate racism? Shocker.

/s 




 Yes because taking down this flag will end racism and mass-murders.

/s 




 Where the hell do my black socks keep going? 




 Unbelievably true 




 Yea except Christianity itself does not follow the bible 100%. I'm sure any Redditor would do much better in a bible run society than a sharia-law society. At least women would be able to walk in public. 




 Because that's the question. 

Gosh you must have been the kid who complained about why you had to do math homework.

We know you are just pretending to be clever, but really you're just an idiot who couldn't do algebra. 




 ? Florida as the worst reputation in America? 

Mississippi? Georgia? C'mon now. 




 I wasn't taking your comment seriously. Yea of course some children are mentally disabled and handicapped. Some children also die before the age of 10 - but at least children generally grow up out of the 'child' phase - whereas dogs chase sticks for 5,10, 15 years, sniff buts, wag their tails, and do anything for a treat. 




 If you make them laugh so hard they cry, that counts. 

EDIT: Please put the link for the video in your comment. 









 A quota on a prison? So...

"Hey, our prison is kind of empty"

"Yea, well actually crime has been down recently"

"Well I need you lock up some 'mates"

"Uh, well, I guess we can invent some new law or make going to prison easier for existing crimes"

"That's a good start, but I'll need you to place some coke and pot on the people you pull over. Then we can bring em in here"

"Ok, but where do I get the coke and pot?"

"In my desk. Second drawer from the top. Right next to my gun"


... 




 Lets give each other gold.

You go first. 




 I prefer gold. 




 Are you comparing a down syndrom child to a dog? Shame on you. 









 Ok so let's break this down for those who can't do fucking rocket science.

1. Your best friend.
2. His parents
3. Their best friends - meaning, best friends of the parents
4. *Their parents*

Realize that this is now 2 generations older than you, likely a grandmother/grandfather.

Oh and you have to have sex with *both of them*, because that's the question.

SO the question is:

Who has had sex with their:
best friends'
parents' 
best friends'
parents?

**Wtf OP?** 




 This is an oddly specific question. I have a feeling OP could answer this question. 




 If you aren't cheating. Like wtf kind of nonsense is that? Cheating is cheating, unless you aren't together.

Period. 




 He's in Paris, on vacation. Rich fucker. 




 "I have x karma on Reddit" 




 Eating an entire box of Cinnamon Toast Crunch in one sitting. 




 I see what u did there 




 Oh thank god. I saw the title and I though, "Please please may this post be from /r/shittyprogramming" - and not real. 




 You know what you stated is not a logical equivelant to what I said, right?

First of all, the difference is that mass murders is a **tiny percentage of murders**. Forget that murders is a small percentage of all deaths. That's not even the point - and that's what you dwelled on.

If there was something that accounted for .2% of all car deaths - it would be quite silly to spend all our time focusing on how to fix that problem - when there are much larger contributions to car deaths - like drunk driving and distracted driving. 

  The percentage of car fatalities compared to the amount of miles traveled safely is equally small

That statement is not really applicable to what we are talking about here. You have made some strange false equivalency using some bad logic. 




 Your dog will also forever stay in the state of a 'child'. At least children one day grow up, get jobs, grow as people, and have families of their own. Your stupid ass dog will still be chasing its dam tail and running after sticks 10 years from now. 




 It means maybe deciding public policy about gun violence over an act that accounts for .2% of all murders, seems to be out of whack. 




 It's freaking bgr.com, what do you expect? 




 Not only is this post 4 months old, but I already said I know about Stack Exchange's code review... 




 Minimum wage is irrelevant when we are talking about CS jobs. 




 /u/way_fairer because I want to see how the hell he/she gets all that karma. 




 and why?

EDIT: Oh... 









  Politicians will not admit mistakes. They believe it is a sign of weakness and any bad things in the past need to be swept under the rug so we can pretend they never happened.

I have corrected your statement for you. 




 I live in the Orthodox Jewish community in Chicago, and there is kind of a debate of whether or not we should have members of our synagogues be armed. Now, we would only want a few people in each synagogue to have a gun - we don't need 20x people to carry. It seems pretty split. Some thing it won't help, some do.

Considering where gunmen have to enter to start shooting (they have to enter from one side - the back, or the front), it is quite easy to kill them without killing others. You can keep 2x armed members by each door. I think having all of us completely unarmed is quite stupid, and asking for trouble. It's not hard to get into these places and kill a lot of people if no one is armed. 

And the people who have the guns would be people who know what they are doing. Like I said, I don't think anyone who wants to should bring their gun, but designating a few people by the doors I think is necessary at this point. 




 A Republican tax-cut strategy backfires? Shocker.

/s 




 The First Samurai. It's about the person who started the 'Samurai' way.  




 Outerstellar. It's about an alien race that that refuses to travel between stars. 




 This deserves to be the top comment.  




 1. Property, auto, and casualty fraud - 45%
2. Medical fraud - 15%
3. Workers comp and disability - 40%

EDIT: renter's insurance can cover expensive personal items, like diamond rings. Easy fraud there. People also intentionally get their cars stolen (or simply give them to someone who will dismantle the car), so that's why I say auto/property is so high. It's easy for anyone to do. And since you said you spend most of your time with workers comp, I've bumped up that number.  




 I looked at documentation and examples, but I can't seem to find out what is the behavior when you declare a VARACHAR2 like this:

    VARCHAR(10);

Is that declared like:

    VARCHAR(char 10);

or

    VARCHAR(byte 10);
 




 It's almost like someone didn't read the headline, and then someone called him out on it, and then you thought it was a joke, but it wasn't. He actually didn't read the headline 




  What if the armed individual is shot first by the gunman?

Who says there is one? And what are the odds that even happens if there are 100 people in the room? If guns were allowed in the church, there would be multiple people with guns. Not 1.

 What if he misses?

Then he shoots again.

 What if he shoots another innocent church goer on accident?

1. The attacker comes in through the *back* of the church. He isn't standing in front of a bunch of church goers. He is likely standing in front of the main door. No people behind him - no chance for hitting an innocent.

2. Even with the risk, the church goer now has the attacker focused on him. And with multiple people trying to shoot the gunman, he is down in seconds. **The odds that at least 9 people are killed - basically 0**

The evidence is on you to prove that this is not logical. I would be shocked if you could find evidence that suggested having armed civilians when there is a crazed gunman *would yield to more deaths*. Here are some examples:

  Mayan Palace Theater, San Antonio, Texas, Dec 2012: Jesus Manuel Garcia shoots at a movie theater, a police car and bystanders from the nearby China Garden restaurant; as he enters the movie theater, guns blazing, an armed off-duty cop shoots Garcia four times, stopping the attack. Total dead: Zero.

  Winnemucca, Nev., 2008: Ernesto Villagomez opens fire in a crowded restaurant; concealed carry permit-holder shoots him dead. Total dead: Two. (Im excluding the shooters deaths in these examples.)

  Appalachian School of Law, 2002: Crazed immigrant shoots the dean and a professor, then begins shooting students; as he goes for more ammunition, two armed students point their guns at him, allowing a third to tackle him. Total dead: Three.

  Santee, Calif., 2001: Student begins shooting his classmates  as well as the trained campus supervisor; an off-duty cop who happened to be bringing his daughter to school that day points his gun at the shooter, holding him until more police arrive. Total dead: Two.

  Pearl High School, Mississippi, 1997: After shooting several people at his high school, student heads for the junior high school; assistant principal Joel Myrick retrieves a .45 pistol from his car and points it at the gunmans head, ending the murder spree. Total dead: Two.

  Edinboro, Pa., 1998: A student shoots up a junior high school dance being held at a restaurant; restaurant owner pulls out his shotgun and stops the gunman. Total dead: One.

These are just some examples. *There is, in fact, absolutely no evidence in existence that suggests armed civilians leads to more casualties in these situations*. Of course, armed civilians can't prevent everything, and of course, there can still be casualties. 

There seems to be a logical disconnect when it comes to evaluating the usefulness of guns. If you want gun control, then you cannot admit that a civilian owning a gun could ever be useful. That would hurt your argument. For some reason, people believe you can't be anti-gun rights, and admit guns can sometimes be useful - at the same time.

What you claim, is not only non-verifiable, but it goes against logic - and no amount of anger or name calling can change that. 




 Well I wouldn't say you can 'blame' the pastor.

 Where's the logic in that

Logic says that if you have armed people in a church, vs. unarmed people in a church - less people will die. This is true, and quite difficult to prove otherwise. However 'blaming' the pastor is not what we need to be doing now. 




  Vote for one thing that's against the party line and you're suddenly a RINO (Republican In Name Only.)

Vote for one thing that's against the party line and you're suddenly a DINO (Democrat In Name Only.)

It's not a problem with Republicans. It's both of them. 




  When you create the illusion that Judaism is fun or easy, you are lying.

I never got that impression when becoming religious. Is this a common experience? I never in my mind thought it would be easy. Fun yes - but certainly not all the time. That's unrealistic. 




 "In Hebrew with Russian subtitles"

Of the three languages I know, you picked the two that I'm not fluent in. Bah!  




 I'm really confused. What does it matter if you are niddah or not? Jewish or not?  




 Meaning, the air would be very thin, and you would be absolutely freezing. He probably became unconscious within an hour or two of being in there. 




 The ABB hate is strong here...

Edit: Anybody But Bernie (ABB) 




 Must be cold out. 




  We systematically oppress them by refusing to make their obligation to wear tefillin mandatory.

You Fascist. 




 Why do you want to write your own hashing function? You know Java has many Hashing data structures you can use. Just want to make sure you know there is already such a thing in existence. 




 1. This happens to everyone. IDEs (especially Eclipse) can really be a pain when doing something really simple.

2. **Naming convention** - Your class names *should always start with a capital letter*

3. Class name should be the same as the filename

3. So what is the error? Mouse over the red squiggly and let me know what it says. 









 This. 




 Just prodding you to respond normally to my comments from yesterday. 




 Wait what, Bernie is Jewish? 




  The $7.8 billion includes an estimated $6.2 billion in public assistance for low-wage Walmart employees, including programs like food stamps, subsidized housing, and Medicaid.

Which is an indirect subsidy, which is not what we were talking about.

Response [here](http://www.forbes.com/sites/timworstall/2014/04/14/phantastical-nonsense-about-walmart-the-waltons-and-7-8-billion-in-tax-breaks/) 




 The website you linked me describes many instances where Walmart was given tax breaks. That's included in the $1.2 billion. You're not winning me over here. It seems like you've proven my point. 




 No no and no. I can tell the difference between the real stuff, and the generic stuff. **Nothing can replace real Cheeze-Its**, or many other snacks. 

Generic cleaning supplies are also often crap. I tried 5 different dish washing soaps, and they were all garbage. 




 But that's not an explanation for *why* you do it. 




 So it looks like it's $1.2 billion, **over the past 20 years**. 

That's chump change. Seriously. That's $60 million a year in subsidies. Based on number of employees, if we gave all that money to employees instead of Walmart - that would be less than $1 per week for each employee. About *two cents an hour*. 

Not to mention many of these subsidies disappear over time and are not renewed.

**For a company that has revenue of over $100 billion per quarter, $1.2 billion over 20 years is a drop in the bucket.  




 Billions? Where do you see that? I see $1.2 billion - and that's not every year, that seems like from a certain time. 




 Finally something! A lot of these subsidies are like, "Here, take a small bonus for building your store in our town. Please please build it here. We will give you $1,000,000".

That is a subsidy indeed. Although almost all of these are relatively small and temporary, or one time. I picked a few stores and they were either 1 time bonuses, or limited time tax breaks. 




 Shame 




 (Deleted) 




 Some things I agree with, some I don't.

 Many of these smaller grocery/specialty/department stores pay their employees (50-60% of which are full-time) a livable wage, including benefits

Isn't that more of a factor of the time? Back then 'minimum wage' was much closer to a 'livable 'wage'. Not sure about that benefits part. I think you are kind of reaching. Small mom n pop stores didn't provide benefits. 

The Walmart employs somewhere between 200-350 people with 15-25% of those employees working full time. Each of the 10 businesses that were pushed out of the market employed 50-150 people, with 50-60% of those employees working full time.

Ok seems like you fudged the math a little bit, although your point is not completely off. Many stores that Walmart knocked out were very small (10 employees) shops, whose employees may have ended up at Walmart, and some not. 

 The Walmart employs somewhere between 200-350 people with 15-25% of those employees working full time. 

I'm not sure why you decided to pick numbers out of a hat. It is very unlikely for only 20% of employees to be part time. It is closer to 60-70% [source](http://www.pbs.org/itvs/storewars/stores3.html)

Is there a net job loss due to Walmart's pushing out of smaller stores? I think that's the question we are trying to answer here. The answer is probably yes, but it's not so clear by how much or how little.

You also forget to mention that prices for virtually all consumer goods drop tremendously because of Walmart, and both the middle/lower class benefit tremendously from Walmart's low prices. 

Also, those people who had experience in those small stores (that are now gone), probably aren't all making the lowest wages at Walmart. They either moved onto to something better, or might be managers at Walmart, or at least making more than new employees due to their previous experience. 
 




 Dude seriously wtf are you trying to get at? Don't like my logic? Tell me why I'm wrong. You want a life story of why I decided to use the logic I used? 

I think it's logical to ask the question, "How much would it cost taxpayers if Walmart employees were not employed by Walmart?". It's a legitimate question. It can have a simple answer, but it is a question that should be answered, instead of condescendingly disregarded. 

Think I'm an idiot? Great. Tell me why. Leave the petty shit at the door. 




 No. You are backpedaling from making a stupid claim. That's what is happening. Changing the topic when you've been found to be incoherent.  




  While this is an example of tortured conservative logic used to defend WelfareMart, it's not an explanation for why you do it.

Why I do what? Defend Walmart? 

I don't defend anyone. I am using the logic of 'welfarMart' against itself. I don't really care what half-brained Republicans say. I think for myself. You can have a normal debate with me, or you can make this a political mud-slinging contest. The latter doesn't interest me. 




 So we can agree that the initial premise that 'Walmart gets subsidies let us grab our pitchforks' was complete nonsense. 




 You can sling mud, or explain why you think I'm wrong. Up to you. 




 So then every company in the United States receives a subsidy.

So then what's your point? Now the statement, "Walmart receives subsidies" has absolutely no meaning. 




 No. That's not a subsidy. That is welfare, for employees. A subsidy would be if Walmart gets $10,000,000 for every store they open.

We hear this all the time about paying for Walmart's workers. Tell me, how much would we be paying those people if they were unemployed? The answer: **a hell of a lot more**. If anything, Walmart saves the taxpayer money by providing jobs - even if those jobs still require welfare, those employees **require less welfare than if they were unemployed**.  




 Because people like Apple because they make neat phones - and doesn't employ millions of Americans at minimum wage. 

Apple employs them overseas, in factories that no one in America cares about. Except when once in a while someone dies from over-exhaustion. Then people care for a week. 




 What subsidies? You are the second person here to say that, without telling us what subsidies Walmart receives.  
























 Why on earth is this on /r/askreddit?  




 So the WSJ thing I want to get working with or without the root. Was asking how to get that 'gift' in the first place. 

Also, when you say warranty, do you mean Samsung's warranty? I have t-mobile's stupid warranty for $8 a month.

And what about this site? 

http://galaxynote4root.com/ 









 Why is the aspect ratio so lame? 




 Why is the aspect ratio so lame? 




 It will help the GOP.

"Senator, what is your position on gay marriage"
"Why is that significant? That issue has already been decided. My stance on gay marriage, pro or against, would have no bearing on how I will govern. Next question". 




 1. I want to root my phone. I have a T-mobile SM-910T. Will this help with my battery life? My battery life SUCKS after the lollicrap update (can we start calling it **Lollicrap** please?).
So can I root this phone? I know for some phones you can't. I also don't know/care what KNOX is.

2. I remember I got a Samsung gift for 6 months free of WSJ, but I never did anything with it, and kind find any info. Anyone know what I need to do? I've had the phone for 7 months already - but I never activated the subscription, so I should still in theory be able to use it.

EDIT: this second question is completely unrelated  




 Ok cool thanks. I'm not sure if I personally see value in that, but that's a good distinction. 




 No, not bootstrap paradox. It's the **'Predestination Paradox'** - which is not actually a paradox.  




 Why should I use Atom instead of Sublime Text 3 (other than $$)? 




 Thanks Obama 




 I have it, and it's my favorite. It's awesome. 




  Probably because they didn't think of it first

This. 




 "Come, and journey into the mystical forest of the elves..." 




 Wow. Love it. 




 Amazing color. It almost doesn't even look real. Great stuff. 




 That's an amazing reflection 




 All those people who killed themselves after watching Avatar should have just come to /r/earthporn. 




 Wait but you only get the 1% back if you spend it as credit - which you can't do when loading redcard. 




 Ah I see. So you just don't like the naming convention. That makes sense - especially since Vegeta went from SSJ2 to SSJ4 - which doesn't make sense if that's how you name it.  




 Yea I don't plan on doing more than $500, maybe $1,000 a month. I really just want some points and to pay some bills using REDcard. 




 I have a Paypal Business Debit Mastercard. I'm wondering if I can use it to load my REDcard account. Has anyone tried this? The CVS by me allows me to buy Paypal cash cards with a CC - which is great, because the fee is only $3.95 for a $500.00 purchase.

For the record, there are 2x such CVS that I know do this.

* CVS on Howard and Western (Chicago)
* CVS in Ogilvie Train Station (Chicago) 




 I'm wondering what /u/shewdz would say. He complains that SSJ4 isn't an advancement from SSJ3.

 but it kind of muddles the SSJ line as theoretically you could achieve it after only achieving SSJ1

By that logic, SSJG is even worse. You don't even have to become an SSJ to become an SSJG. 




 I see what you did there. 




 You mean like SSG? 




 Then how do you feel about SSG? 




 That response was way too PG-13. 




 Judgemental. Very judgemental 




 Awesome. This deserves more upvotes. 




 Vox. A very, unbaised, legitimate news source...

Not saying they are wrong, but posting a liberal blog to outline a Republican is just kind of stupid and couldn't possibly lead to an objective analysis. 




 I have a neighbor who has a sign on his lawn that says, "black lives matter". I want to put a sign next to his saying, **"white lives don't"**. 




  Banning in general? No, it's idiotic and goes apart from the 1st Amendment. Banning from official public properties, and issued material? Yes.

Agreed. That's an important distinction. 




 I am pretty pro-gun for the most part. But honestly, the two day waiting period seems pretty reasonable. I mean, if you order a gun, it might take a while before you get it. 2 days? I think it's more than appropriate.

EDIT: you guys are right - if you already own guns, then the waiting period makes absolutely no sense. So what about the woman who needs a gun to protect herself **now**? We make her wait? Good point. we don't want that. 




 Didn't we see the same thing about another state recently? 




 I am nano offended by your micro offendedness of micro aggressions 




 I'm coming from windows/Linux, and the Finder has been infuriating. I know you posted a month ago, but I hear you. Finding the path, opening a terminal from the finder, or moving up one directory should not require research. Very frustrating. 




 I was absolutely infuriated with the finder last night. Same of the same complaints. It's really shit, honestly. Shouldn't have to do a Google search to figure out how to find the current path or how to move up a directory.

And how about opening the terminal from the finder? No? I need an app for that? FU Apple.  




 That Illiana bullshit needed to die. Leftovers of spending hungry Democrats. 




 It's not baffling whatsoever. Look at the shape this city and state is in.  As /u/TheJPdude says, people voted *against Quinn*, not *for Rauner*. 




 IIT - Illinois Institute of Technology. It's a private school on the South side of Chicago. 




 Two games for Christmas hardly classifies as "Richie Rich". I know you are being sarcastic and making a joke btw.

Anyway kids nowadays, even kids in middle class, get brand new phones for their bdays - you know, $700 phones. I know there is inflation, but holy crap that's a lot of money compared to 2x N64 games. 




 The word *could* is used over and over again. But is it practical? It sounds a little bit like fear-mongering. I'm not educated on this topic, I'm just telling you my impression from that info-graphic. 




 You had a second one! 




 Thanks, got it. 




  If you think there job is to tell the truth and the honest news of what's going on, your bullshitting yourself.

If you think **their** job.

EDIT: another typo for you:

 your bullshitting yourself

**You're** bullshitting yourself 




 Well, he does *talk about news*. I mean, he makes fun of it. but really most of the time he has a political undertone, and has quite the bias. I would say it's closer to a political talk show than news or comedy.  




 Oh man I hope they make at least one of them kosher. 




 Personal story here. 

**I used to steal the little caps on the tires of cars.** Some crazy ass kid got me into it. I would go to parking lots and look for cars with tire caps that looked shiny. The best were the special ones like [this from a Porche](http://img0083.popscreencdn.com/105230619_agt-aluminum-silver-valve-caps-tire-cap-stem-for-porsche.jpg). I had about 60-70 of these cool tire caps until I got caught around the age of 15. I didn't even actually arrested. They took me to the local police station and called my parents. That was enough to scare me straight.

Yea, I'm white. 




 Tumblr comments. 









 Rafael Nadal. Such an amazing player, and has made tennis so much fun to watch the past 10 years. 




 -Barack Obama 




 If they don't think it's satire, what do they think it is?  




 They do, it's just their rating are horrendous compared to FOX, and most mainstream media has a heavy liberal bias, so no one sits and scrutinizes MSNBC like we scrutinize FOX.  




 That were going fucking broke.

Chicago/Illinois. 




 Had to read that story in french class. 




 You are most welcome. 




 A little? I'm 5'8, somewhat muscular, and 200 lbs. But even when I was 170 lbs I had the same problem. It doesn't seem to be about the weight. 




 People who overshare, and only the share the best parts of their lives. Not only that, but they always make it look like they are the shit. It's like their entire Facebook page exists to make them look like a douche. Good job, you did it. 




 You came here to be a grammar nazi? 




 That's not a word.

That's like saying "I'd'like" is normal. It's not, but "I'd like" is. No such conjugation "J'm'apelle" exists in the French language. It's simply incorrect, and I'm quite sure you have no idea wtf you're talking about. 




 And... So because he shouted during the state of the Union he is racist? Are you serious? How does that help your ridiculous claim?

 Nobody claimed that. That's just a cheap trick on your part

You said the idiot who shouted is from South Carolina, whose state capitol is racist because it has a confederate flag, and because that racist mass-killer killed people.

Now that you've established that area to be racist - (because of the flag and one person), you go on to say...

 Now, it could very well be a coincidence that a congressman

wait for it...
 
 from a racist state happened to shout during the State of The Union

You literally obtain your conclusion from the fact that the shouter is 'from a racist state'. 

1. Not all people in SC are racist. Making such a claim is ignorant and devoid of any factual evidence.
2. You conclude that A) because the shouter was from SC B) He shouted during the SOTU, and C) Obama is black, that it *must be because of race*.

And then you have the audacity to tell me 'nobody claimed that', when in fact, **you did**. 




 So anyone from South Carolina, who says the President lies, is racially charged? 

Wow. This is the type of thinking that fuels racial tensions. 

 I think there's no way he would have done it to a white president

I'm sure there would be no difference, as long as the President is a Democrat.  




 Je m'appelle Unidan is proper.

J'm'appelle is just plain retarded. I didn't notice what I had typed initially. 

 I didn't think I was correcting you. I did correct you.

No. No you didn't. 




  less likely to get divorced even if it's a shitty relationship

Kind of an unproven statistic. Many people who are not religious stay in terrible marriages for their children. Or just cheat. 

It's not about moving in together necessarily, but that people tend to move in together for necessity. The relationships progresses in a sense, but not for a good reason - it could be to save money/time, someone needs to move anyway, etc. It's not a properly thought out decision - and when big decisions like that are made out of convenience - that usually ends in divorce. 

Think about people who get married because the girl got knocked up. Those marriages rarely work out. They made a big decisions in regards to their relationship for the wrong reasons. 




 If you think you are correcting me, you are a moron, and quite lazy. 




  Bernie Sanders stood for LGBT Equality long before it was acceptable.

This shows his sincerity, whereas Clinton only came out as pro-gay when the polls were in her favor to do so.  




 I favorited someone (@buysellshort). I also made sure my phone gets notifications from Twitter. However I still don't get notified when @buysellshort Tweets. The message popped up on my phone that I will now get notifications when he tweets. Anyone else have this problem? 




 PCworld article here:

http://www.pcworld.com/article/2939321/google-finally-makes-undo-send-an-official-gmail-feature.html 









 This could be the greatest addition to email in the history of the world, err, internet. 




 J'mappelle unidan 




 Also floss, and use mouthwash.  




  Don't marry someone before you've lived with them.

Disagree with that one, but that's just me. A lot of studies show that those who move in together too quickly, are much more likely to get divorced

 Don't commit to the first pretty girl that comes along because you don't think you'll ever do better.

For sure

 Looks are not everything, a nice pair of tits does not compensate for a lack of personality.

Yup. 




 This.

And the only people that would believe they were the first to find out, are probably the same type of people who have already called for the 'rapture' in the past. 

No one would believe them. Basically, nothing would happen. 




 I ask Xavier from X-Men.

[CALM YOUR MIND] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JBRlM9hN0GQ) 




 I sweat waay too much for a normal person. I am hot when everyone is cold. I sweat just from walking, even when it's 60 degrees out. Battling my sweat/heat is a daily grind. 




 Sounds like you don't have a soul, ginger - so you don't apply to this thread. 




 In school, 8th grade. Some kid in my class came up to me with this super-excited face and said, "Dude! Someone just bombed the Pentagon!". 




 The deserves to be at the top. 




 What's a Jewish supremacist group?  




 Reminds me of when Westboro said the V Tech shootings happened because of gays. It's almost not even worth responding to such things.  




 I hate my focus. I'd rather be driving something else. Only have it because of the wife.  




 I can do all that, but I'll never give up my Nespresso. Nespresso, by the way, is recyclable, unlike Keurig (read like, 'tastes like ass'). 




 Do wah. Do wah. 




 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Horner 




 Where were these teachers when I was in school?? 




  Good

Good ^thing you **didn't** quote him 




  I hardly think this is genuine concern for civil rights at its best.

Since politicians are generally never sincere, I'd say you are probably right. 




  Good thing you quoted him.
 Good thing you quoted Him
 GoOd quOTEd thing you *him***

**Good** ^thing you *quoted* him 




  Never heard of the CTS, CTS-V, or Escalade?

Yeah I have. They are crap. 




 How can you put BMW and Cadillac in the same sentence?
And BMW has some of the highest residual value in the industry. Not as much for the other two. 




  Good thing you quoted him.

Good thing you quoted him 




 You might need to look into taking some medication... or getting some help... 




  If he likes to lift, he should probably start lifting more.

OOOOOHHHHHH! BURN! 




 8 inches. Around. Think about it. 




  Also, OP forgot the serious tag.

Good call. 




  I think it's safe to say that people who fly the confederate flag are probably too credulous

Kind of a douchey comment honestly. You've already made up your mind about someone who hasn't even verbalized their opinion yet. It's quite closed minded, and doesn't yield to an open discussion. I have downvoted your comment accordingly.  




 "I'll do it later" 




 "I simply don't have time for video games right now" 




 Actually really liked that movie. It felt original in a sense of the general set up of the alien movie. They weren't invaders, but 3rd class citizens in our own world. It was pretty neat. 

With that said, I'd love to see those aliens come back and take vengeance for all the crap the humans put them through. 




 To be fair, my Mom taught me great eating habits my entire life - and I still eat like a fat kid. 

I'm 5"8, 205 lbs, slightly muscular. When my metabolism slows down even more (I'm 27), I'll gain weight very quickly. 




 Selfie 




 Direct violation of rule 3:

 Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere, provide a limited scope for discussion (yes/no, DAE, polls and surveys, etc.), or limit discussion are not appropriate. 




 No then we'll all be singing "Seven seven three, two-oh-two, LUUNAAAA!" 




 Jaywalking. 




 1. Raw chicken left in the garage. There were 50 maggots.
2. A dead squirrel that was partially decayed and stuck to my porch. Had to scrape it off. It was half eaten already.
3. The women's bathroom at Staples. The little garbage in each stall - it was horrifying. Every combination of yellow red and brown was in there. Truly disgusting. 




 Looks like a scene from a samurai movie 




 Repost. 
And we all know it.

Jerk. 




 No they have special skin that is always pristine. They also never die, age, or need to eat. 




 Sorry to disappoint you, Aquaman. 




 100% 




 That got more and more funny.

Thanks for this 
























 I've always wanted an M3, but I'll never get one unless I snag the lottery. I got kids to feed! 




  That it's pro-American. But it's their right don't you think? Do you think an American newspaper could or should stand against the power and strength of the United States?

WTF are you talking about? Seriously. See my other comment. It's not my subjective opinion. Read the articles, look at who the authors are. Look at what they cover, and what they don't.

[They admit it themselves that they are liberal](http://newsbusters.org/blogs/noel-sheppard/2013/08/18/new-york-times-public-editor-admits-paper-has-liberal-bias)

And they only talk about Rove in the Opinion section - which btw they aren't always favorable to him. MSNBC is left of NYT is left of CNN is left of WSJ is left of FOX. 




  The New York Times is considered liberal by people who call New York City "Jew York City"

wtf? ALL of my conservative friends say it's left leaning by a wide margin, and never once have I heard 'Jew York City". You seem pretty ignorant. 

And any objective person will see NYT is liberal. So you are telling me delusional liberals want to think liberal sources are not liberal? That's cool, but they are still delusional. 

I mean, for crying out loud, one of their biggest contributers is Krugman, who is a HUGE liberal, not to mention all the anti-Israel positions they take on a consistent basis.

[A New York Times editor admitted they are a liberal newspaper](http://newsbusters.org/blogs/noel-sheppard/2013/08/18/new-york-times-public-editor-admits-paper-has-liberal-bias)

Honestly it would be like saying Fox is a moderate news station. Anyone who thinks that is clearly biased and blind themselves. It's not as in-your-face liberal as MSNBC or HuffPo, but it certainly is liberal. 




  New York Times stands for the power and strength of the United States around the world

what are you saying? It's widely considered a left-leaning newspaper, just link WSJ is considered right-leaning. 

And I didn't say we should outlaw anything. I said that this sub-reddit has more of these left leaning sources than moderate or right-leaning sources. I never said we should 'outlaw them' 




 WP? Can't think of what that is. /r/politics is widely liberal, and most sources are left-leaning or completely Left sources. Vox, HuffPo, AJ, DailyBeast, NYT, Slate, and more. Oh WP - Washington Post. It's not liberal only, but it is surely liberal-leaning. Not as massively as HuffPo or something, but certainly liberal biased.  




 After going through this sub, you would think bernie would be higher 




  no doctor should fear for their lives for providing such services, nor should any women fear for her safety while seeking out such services

Um does that happen? 




 I should have clarified - it would be nice to see said sources on /r/politics, instead of seeing liberal-only sources on the front page.  




 Would be nice to have an anti-Walker from sources that aren't heavily liberal.  




 I'm not sure why he can't win the primary. His message should appeal to all the minorities and lower class. Does the lower class tend to now vote in primaries? 




 I would have to agree with that one... 




 Ha no problem. I didn't even notice your username. By the way the 'Join us on Slack' link produces an application error. Not sure if that is an issue with you or with slack. 




 www.Scotch.io has some really helpful articles. I went there for info on Sublime. They have some great tutorials. 




 So what about resale values of these manuals? 

Let's say for example that 2015 is the last year any BMW has manual. That means used 2015 models (and earlier ones) with manual transmission will have a much higher resale value.  




 One ting to note is that the resell value for used manual transmission cars will go up. Lets say 2016 is the last year that the BMW M3 comes in manual. That probably means the 2016 M3 will have great resell value - so will the 2015. 




 I think the problem is when you have years of no austerity, and then too much austerity. When it gets to this point, there isn't much you can do. 














 Yup. I'm surprised my net karma on /r/politics is actually positive. 




 By your logic, no one receives welfare, ever. I'm not getting welfare, its going to the corporations where I buy my groceries. I'm not getting welfare, its going to the corporation where I buy my gas... Etc.

It's pretty shitty logic. However yes, the value of the building doesn't matter if he is renting one of many units. 




 Many countries themselves ignore many UN rulings. They are hardly a binding force. But I don't really care what some body says. If it's illogical, its illogical. If it's stupid, its stupid. Doesn't make a difference who says it. 




 So... "because the UN said so" is your answer. 

Got it. 




 Basic human right? Your employer does not owe you shit. Should they do it? Sure, but calling it a 'basic human right' is just stupid. 




 You can probably find good reason to ban the flag of any country, as any country has probably committed some atrocity at some point in the past.  




 How about the American flag itself? That should be next. 




 Ya I saw the manga and that makes a lot more sense. Thanks for the info about the music. Had no idea. Even though the original dub is guilty of terrible dialogue doesn't mean kai isn't bad. It's just *not as bad*. 




  Killing the pride of Vegeta would be kind of ruining a character.

I'm not saying kill it. I'm saying tone it down. Even for his level of pride, it's a bit over the top. It's like, "in case you didn't understand Vegeta's character, here is another example..." over and over again 




 1. Not crazy about Gohan's voice in Kai. Just an opinion.

2. The music played during Cell's death was just normal music. It was such a letdown. In the original version, there was [this music](https://youtu.be/Ec6fR11dHUk?t=172), which I believe, is not used anywhere else. Hence, it's 'special music' used for cell's death. In Kai, the music used is plain music used throughout DBZ, including times when enemies simply stared at each other.

3. Goku and Gohan could have easily trained in the Hyperbolic Time Chamber, **and gotten sufficient rest**. They had 9 days. So 4 days rest, 1 day in the chamber, and 4 days rest again. So the idea that Goku 'wanted to rest' doesn't really make sense. Then again, he knew Gohan was more than strong enough at that point, so maybe that's why he said that.

4. **Goku had plenty of time to use instant transmission to drop cell off, and return back to earth.** [There is PLENTY of time here](https://youtu.be/JMVTlYExFkY?t=117). That always bothered me. I mean he didn't even try.

5. The dialogues at times, are absolutely the most corny/forced/lame dialogue I've ever seen on television. The dialogue between villians and heroes, is just awful most of the time. It almost feels like that's how people would talk if they were making fun of action movies. It's just so forced and corny. 

6. I understand Vegeta's character, and I like it a lot, but they go way to far in showing his pride. We get it. The "I'm the Prince of all Saiyins and I'm going to kill you haha" is so repeated that it just gets downright stupid. It would have been better if it was more subtle and less in your face. I think he character is much better in the Buu Saga.

7. Piccolo being stronger than a Super Saiyin Vegeta pissed me off. He's a Namekian for crying out loud. 

8. The Z fighters again succumbing to 'Solar Flare'. How do you not close your eyes, it's pretty obvious when he's about to do it, but somehow it gets everyone for the second time.

9. The closing theme song is one of the most painful songs I have ever heard in a long time

10. I am pretty sure I heard Yamcha say "Fuck me" when Goku gave Cell a sensu bean. That was pretty awesome.
If you couldn't tell, I watched the Android/Cell saga.  




 What about English sub? I can live without the dub. Rather watch it earlier with sub 




 Really? Are you sure, because I don't if that's the case. I couldn't find a video of someone doing it. 




 Top 5 posts on /r/politics are all Sanders. This is getting a bit annoying. Take it to /r/sandersforpresident 




 A new fantastic place to go 




 An overly simplistic analysis. 




 So I got a small crack on my glass recently. Has anyone had any success in replacing just the glass, and **not** the screen? 

Also any links to glass repair kits would be great. 




 Samsung you tard.  




 America is getting worse. Anti religious sentiment is growing daily. One day they will prosecute us, in the name of 'morality'. 

Think they will stay silent about our 'barbaric tradition' of circumcision? Think they will let use keep our shuls tax-free? Think non-Jews will be happy to let us keep taking time off for Jewish holidays? Science and evolution? Homosexuals? Judaism is the antithesis of where this country is headed. It won't happen suddenly, but over time you will see.  




 I don't.

Would you 'handle' a monkey shouting at you? No. You would ignore it. What's the point of telling a monkey to stop shouting? It won't stop unless it wants to, and it won't listen to you. 




 Super Kami Guru Super Saiyan God Super Saiyain 2 Plus 




 Lol I thought this was /r/tennis for a second. Was very confused on how you played tennis in your basement. 




 100 years from now we won't be worrying about climate change. We will have figured out how to use something other than fossil fuels by then. Climate change is a long term hypothetical issue. 




 Well that makes sense if you spend 20 years on death row - and that's kind of the problem. Takes away from the deterrence if you know you get 20 years and you might never be executed. Either be able to do it in a year - or don't do it at all.

And since we would likely end up killing innocent people, I would say 1 year is a bad idea. 

So basically, get rid of it. 




 So don't take my pregnant wife and baby there? 




 Makes those hippies take their damn shots. Yes yes yes. 




 I think part of the death penalty not deterring crime, is that you spend 20 years in trial before you ever get executed. If people got executed within 1 year of their crime, I think things would be a lot different. So in that case, the experiment wasn't done. Then again, we would probably end up killing innocent people, so I'm not sure that would be any better. 




 It's more expensive to execute them than to feed and house them for 50 years? That seems quite odd. 




 I think part of the death penalty not deterring crime, is that you spend 20 years in trial before you ever get executed. If people got executed within 1 year of their crime, I think things would be a lot different. 




 I'd throw those on the sidewalk 




 This conversation is so unbelievably hypothetical that it is borderline retarded.  




 free hugs 




 Are the silos accessible? Or did you have to take this from far away, and zoomed in? I was thinking of going there myself. 




 What are you talking about? I've been able to by many penny stocks like VNRGW and LIQD 




 This is pretty awesome actually. I hope it gets bigger. 




 Isn't Android Studio = Intellij? 




 That's awesome. May this be encouragement to others (and myself)! 




 Ok thanks, I had a feeling that was true 




 Someone else made that same point - kind of valid, although this would just be another example of getting tax breaks for having children. That is something we do in this country. So if you don't have kids, you don't get the same luxury of being able to get some of your property tax money back. 




 [Robinhood sells IPOs as soon as 'they are available to the public'](https://support.robinhood.com/hc/en-us/articles/204329909-How-does-Robinhood-handle-IPOs-)

I also read [This guy seemed to only be able to buy Shake Shack at $50, 100% higher than the open price](https://medium.com/@welovejeff/my-first-two-months-trading-stocks-with-robinhood-9580af92532c)

It seems the stock will be available, but it might be too late.  




 I always seem to miss all the good IPOs. I read today that Ebay and Paypal are splitting up, and Paypal will be a newly listed company on July 20th. I read that [here](https://www.internetretailer.com/2015/06/29/ebaypaypal-divorce-date-set)

So I only use Robinhood to do my trading. Are there limits around IPOs? Will I even be able to purchase stock in the first hour? I've read that sometimes you have to go through brokers to get stock initially. 

Has anyone had an experience getting in on an IPO using Robinhood.

**Note: I am not asking if my stock pick is good or bad, so no posting with "That's a terrible idea..."** 




  what's to stop the people who don't have kids from saying they shouldn't have to pay for public schools too?

Good point! Only good point I've heard so far in agreement with the ruling. 

I guess the point also is if you have kids you *have* to have a larger house, hence higher property taxes. Also, we have many cases where we give tax benefits for having children, so this could be another benefit. 




  Religious institutions are welcome to proselytize but not on my dime

It's not on your dime actually. By not sending their children to public schools, they save the public school system money. For my school system for example, it's around $7,000. If you give familes $4,000 for sending their kid to public school, *you have saved $3,000*. 

The simple truth is that it's about money, and nothing else. The state/cities get more money if they refuse to have a voucher system. In terms of cost to the taxpayer, I will rank it for you.

**From highest cost to taxpayer, to lowest cost to taxpayer:**

1. Child goes to public school (est. cost = $8,000)
2. Child goes to private school, with a voucher (est. cost = $0 to $6,000, depending on voucher)
3. Child goes to private school, with no voucher (cost = $0)

The best option for the taxpayer is to have kids go to private schools without vouchers. This is the sole reasoning here. Nothing else. However that is slightly negated - if vouchers were given, *more students would go to private school, thus lowering the cost to the taxpayer*.

Btw even private religious schools must uphold a certain level of secular academic studies, comparable to most public schools. 




 Kind of bullshit. You pay thousands and property tax. That tax goes to pay for public school. Then you don't even send your kid to public school - which saves the school money. Shouldn't you get back at least *some* of that money? If the cost to the school system to have a child is $8,000 per child - I think it's more than fair to give $4,000 back to the family. 

But to be honest these judges don't really care about the constitution anymore. If they want something, they rule accordingly. In this case, they want money from these parents, so the ruled it unconstitutional. 




 Why is Janemba in there? 




 Wow that couldn't have been more vague.  




 Not sure why you got down voted, I think this is a more than plausible theory 




 which view of his don't you agree with? 




 cool 




 I really hope that those who vote in the primaries will have the brains to eliminate Ted Cruz and anyone like him. 




 I'm a bit confused on the purpose of XAMPP for better PHP development. Currently, what I do to test my PHP locally is use this command:

    php -S localhost:8888

In the same folder that has my index.php file. I then use the browser and go to 'localhost', and it seems to work fine, my page shows up.

So how would using XAMPP be any better/different? I guess I'm not clear on how I'm supposed to be using it in the first place.

my second questions is about http://www.w3fools.com/. I saw on a wiki here that w3schools is a bad resource. I've never heard that before. Was w3fools made a long time ago? Does it still apply? 




 The only thing worse than a Republican is a DINO 









 Umm, and? Newspapers are for-profit entities. There is an owner, or share of owners that the profit goes to. Religious institutions don't have the concept of profit. In most cases, churches/syngagogues actually are in debt, and can't always make ends meet. I know most synagogues around me have large mortgages, and all their donations simply goes to cover the costs of running. 

I'm not sure how in anyway way that compares to a for-profit organization. 




 A church does not profit. So what exactly would you tax? 




 I thought she might be scum, but now I know. 




 Surprise, the old white guy doesn't get support from black voters.
Shocking. /s 




 Highest rated answer on StackOverflow I believe. 




 Illegal in United States, for sure. 




 I like the stock honestly. Better tabbing and bookmarking. And chrome started bugging out a lot recently. Switched to stock and I'm happy 




 I was wondering how far down I'd have to go to see this. Surprised this isn't higher. Here is an upvote. 




 That's not a bluff. That's a lie. There is a difference. 




 Yes. People seem to be confusing 'bluff' with 'lie'. 




 Haha cool, was this Wednesday, the firework night? I was there. It's really a great spot. I like the fact that a lot of people don't really know about it. 




 See my edit 




 I will. I don't like Ford. It's a lease that is up in 6 months. Thankfully Ford will take care of this in the morning. 




 Key 




 No I'm saying the car is actually in park. The computer thinks it's in neutral. It simply doesn't start. Anyway I called Ford and they said the whole computer needs to be reset, so I had it towed to the dealer. I even tried unplugging the battery for 20 minutes to see if it would reset the computer, but it didn't 




 My Ford focus 2013 won't start. It thinks my car is in neutral. Any help?

EDIT: More info - To clarify, the car is in park - but the computer thinks the car is in Neutral.

This happened while I was driving. I was driving, and then all of a sudden the traction control light went on, and I couldn't accelerate. Hitting the gas pedal would rev the car, but it wouldn't move. I turned off the car, and tried to turn it back on, and it wouldn't turn on. No clicking or anything. Seems like an electronic problem, and Ford will fix it in the morning (it's a lease) 




 I bet they were just drunk and rude, and the fact that they were holding hands was completely irrelevant. 




 If this was Wednesday around the fireworks time, I was probably right next to you 




 Is this on that pier on north avenue beach? 




 Estate taxes are freaking evil.

Spend your whole life paying taxes on every dollar you earn.

Die - now pay taxes on every dollar you earned, *again*. It's bullshit honestly. It's a money grab, and not morally justifiable. 




 DOORKNOB! 




 #thatsreallyfunnyIthinkIseethesamethingallthetime 




 ### 




 I have a guy on my facebook, who once a week, no joke, puts a status with about 20-25 hastags. #clubbing #bottleservice #poolside #life #fun #girls #Cali #live #love #photo.. it goes on and on.

It's ridiculous.  




 I saw someone on my Facebook use it a few months ago. 




 Like Keystone Light? That stuff is nasty. 




 And those damn penguins from Walgreens 




 What did you say? Two What? Did you say, "Two yoots"? 




 Go to /r/interstellar! 




 37 people killed in Tunisia is quite significant. 




 The Old Testament, depending on who you ask. But there is certainly a large group of Jews who agree that interpretations and understanding do not change over time. 




  interpretation and understanding do not change over time?

Um do you watch the news? 




 Um, wow... 




  Don't say it was God, this is a serious post

You know that someone would say "God", *and* be serious. It is possible, even if you don't agree with it.

What your question should have been:

 [Serious] Athiests: who wrote the bible?

Instead you kind of sound like a jerk trying to piss off religious people. 




 I still find that kind of strange 




 Cheeze Its. Nothing compares. Nothing. 




 Absolutely, and also the beheading in France today.  




 She's still around. 




 [List of different types of buckets](http://fivegallonideas.com/category/types-of-bucket/) 




 There will always be businesses that test for it, regardless if the drug is legal or not. 




  but if you honestly identify as that and it stays true for most of your life, then is it not true?

I honestly have always identified as a turtle. 

Does that work? 




 and why! 




 How old is your camera??? 
























