


















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 I read everything of his, one book and then another. My favorites were "Father and Son", "Fay", and "Joe".  Wasn't into "Dirty Work" and "On Fire" so much. Have tried to find other authors similar, but didn't care for Barry Hannah or Harry Crews or (most of) William Gay. I found Tom Franklin excellent. My preference is for it to be a little dark and moody with some suspense/tension, but real. Any hint of pretense or self-aware author who is trying too hard, isn't good. Any thoughts on Ron Rash or Frank Bill?  Novels, not short stories. Thanks! 









 Why do existentialists see things as they are and despair, while taoists see things as they are and laugh? 























































































































 I went to Wells Fargo to deposit a paycheck.  They told me it wouldn't register in my account until the next business day.  As I recall, it was about noon.  After depositing the check, I called my employer, who also happened to be my dad.  I asked him if he could look at his account and see if the money I had just deposited had been withdrawn from his account.  (He banked with a different bank than Wells Fargo.)  In fact, the money had been withdrawn from his account.  This means that the money wasn't in his account and it wasn't in my account.  *Where was it?*  That's right: In Wells Fargo's account....until the next business day.  

Every day for every paycheck/deposit after a certain time, they don't register it in the depositor's account until the next business day.  This means that they use the money themselves, lend against it, etc.  They have and use this significant rolling cushion of money that isn't theirs, that inflates their reserves by a given, though slightly varying, amount every day.  They position themselves as the middleman who takes his time transferring what isn't his; takes his time and *actually uses* what isn't his.  THIS IS THEFT.  This is systematic thievery practiced every day on many, many people.

When I got my next paycheck a couple weeks later, I went to Wells Fargo and recounted the above to a few tellers behind the counter.  I asked them if I could have cash for my paycheck instead of depositing it.  They said sure, and gave it to me.  I then asked them if I could deposit the cash.  They refused it and told me I'd have to go to another branch to do that, and wouldn't say why.  It was probably because I had gotten wise to their scam and had told them about it.  Since when does a bank refuse a *cash* deposit?

Further, one of the reasons they gave for not allowing me access to the deposit until the next day was for "my protection".  They had to take the check to another city about 250 miles away - presumably with one of those stagecoaches - to verify its authenticity and validity.  However, when I asked for cash, they had to give it to me, and "my protection" was no longer important.


TL;DR  I discovered that banks steal from us by often not making our deposits available to us until the next business day.  However, they do immediately withdraw them from the account that pays them.  For that partial day, banks use that money themselves, as neither the payer or payee has it in his account for that time. 































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 What is the single best Lieh Tzu book to get?  











































































































































 Just discovered him.  I'm guessing most of you will recommend 'Tropic of Cancer' as the place to start.  But please tell me what his best books are, and why.   










































































































































































































































 I know they both won Nobel prizes for literature.  But how is their non-philosophical writing regarded?  And do they compare to each other as writers? I am not asking about anything to do with their work as philosophers per se. 

EDIT: For clarity.  
































































 List your top 1 or 2 or 6 or whatever.  By "important" I mean that eventual history should also determine them to have been important now.  But list whoever you think is important.

EDIT: Yes, old people count. 



















 Looking for some good non-fiction CIA books, about their exploits, a caper, or operation, or about something a particular officer did.  Not general historical overview stuff, but a particular account.  Could also be a book about investigations *of*, or collaborations with, the CIA by others. 



















 Would prefer page-turners, accounts of real events, crimes, investigations, conspiracies, with intrigue, etc.  Thanks! 































































































































































 Does anyone know the easiest way, or any way, to get AutoCAD files into Illustrator? Thanks.  









 I'm somewhat new to Taoism and have arrived at a big question, or questions.

What I'm reading describes the uncarved block, and the watercourse way; basically, that nature is It. Nature is the One and only. Man should look to nature for the Way things are, and seek to live in harmony, and be united with, this Way. I'm clear on this insofar as nature is concerned. However, what about other people? Aren't other people full of all sorts of complications, delusions, misapprehensions, constructs, deceptions? If other people deviate from Nature, or the Way, aren't they outside it, or apart from it? Does Taoism include other people as part of Nature - because they may operate very differently than any sort of pure thing? Nature is lions eating antelope. Nature is the strong consuming the weak. Nature is the Law of the Jungle. Am I to assume that Taoism affirms this when it comes to people as well? What about the corrupt (politicians, banksters, mafia, etc.)? They deceive and devour anything in their way. Are they the lion, and thereby justified in their strength over the weak? Does might make right?  *What does Taoism say about this?*

And there is this from The Tao Te Ching:
"Nature is unkind: It treats the creation like sacrificial straw-dogs. 
The Sage is unkind: He treats the people like sacrificial straw-dogs."  Lao Tzu

So....this is *potentially* an aspect of Taoism that viscerally repels me - the amoral, "I'm going to charm you then eat you", Law of the Jungle aspect. Am I understanding it correctly? Is there anything I'm not getting? What would Chuang Tzu think of Bernie Madoff? Please give me any information or direction you might think useful. I WOULD REALLY APPRECIATE IT.

**TL;DR** Taoism is about nature, about the Way. This would include the lion eating the antelope, the Law of the Jungle. What about when it comes to other people? How are we to regard other people and their delusions and deceptions?  As part of nature? Does Taoism deem it natural to "eat" (notice the quotes) and conquer other people? What would Chuang Tzu think of Bernie Madoff?

**EDIT**  To clarify, I omitted the anecdote about the Taoist who betrayed me - to which most comments have been directed and which was obscuring my real questions. I'm not asking how I should have handled or interpreted the situation with my business partner as much as I am asking:  What does Taoism say about other people who betray and deceive, etc.?  Does it consider them a part of nature or not?  I would appreciate direct answers to this, if possible.  I want to learn about Taoism and am not seeking to process any event in my past. 

















































 How would you compare AutoCAD for Mac vs. AutoCAD for PC?

I know Mac's are a far superior platform.  Is there any reason to get the PC version if price is not an object?  Thanks.

EDIT: In other words, do the advantages of using a Mac outweigh the disadvantages of using AutoCAD for Mac, if any?  I will not be needing any other software.  


































 From *Walking It Off*, by Doug Peacock:

"Ed Abbey had little use for organized religion but nevertheless believed there were observable guidelines for living, an accessible wisdom residing in the land, often tapped into by the native peoples, observing the natural world for the appropriate cycle of life.  Ed had always called the Taoist philosopher, Chuang-Tzu, the first anarchist.  Tao or Dao, means the Way or the Path, and this image (the nature of truth as trail) is far older than literature.  All ancient and traditional people had a Path and knew the seeking of the Way, and these instructions were often remarkable in their similarities.  It is the organic way for humans to know and think about their place on earth.  For Ed, the Way was wild nature, and the Path was a person walking in it utterly attentive.  That place was our original habitat, the wilderness, the Heart of the Lotus, and it was less a path than an off-trail bushwhack.  'When your mind is empty like a valley,' said Lao-tse, 'then you will know the power of the Way.'" 



































































































 Worked for North Korea.  




 to add to my other comment: intelligence isnt anything we do. we do not give it to ourselves. we are born with whatever intelligence we have. so we cant legitimately take any credit or blame for it. none. no matter what anyone else says.  




 yeah im nervous too. we havent been able to control big games. we havent been able to dominate the end of games. we lose a lot of games we could win. doesnt instill confidence in me for the playofs. we have the talent, but.... 




 well that fructose has has an effect on your brain. 

keep eating all that fruit, if you really do. right, all fruit is the same, it is the same as all the vegetables. you are not a fool. 

 




 intelligence is of no value. the dumb is just as valuable as the smart. like the book of Ecclesiates says, the rain falls on everyone's heads and death awaits us all. it is a myth and delusion put forth mostly by academia that smart is better (in any real way) than dumb. dont buy in to their self-serving game. this would actually be an unintelligent thing to do - as following the herd generally is. further, most truly intellingent people never get recognized. and they also usually realize that real intelligence doest give a flip about recognition from the masses.  




 So there is no such thing as a conspiracy theory?  




 Eat a pound of pineapple everyday for a month. Open your eyes. Note the weight gain.  




 Obama said something? Great. Why do I care? 




 You are full of it. Bananas arent the only fruit, fyi. So you are already following my advice and paying attention to sugar content in fruit, and distinguishing between them. Sure call it fructose, but that doesnt change the point. Try eating pineapple every day for a month. You will gain quite a bit more than if you ate a typical vegetable. Whether it makes you fat like people at the supermarket isnt the freaking point. Either way, to say all fruits can be eaten as much a vegetables can be, and there is no danger from the fructose/sugar content in some fruits is goddamn ignorance. 




 so it goes without saying that people should pay their taxes? that taxation laws and enforcement are legitimate? does that apply under other regimes as well, or only in the US? 




 I'm traveling now, but will try to give this a sufficient response when I get settled.  Cheers. 




 Most of them are Lakers fans.  




 You have to pay attention to the amount of sugar in fruit. Not all fruit is that good for you. You can easily eat it and get fat. VERY different than vegetables. 




 Save. 

Read Irwin Schiff's pdf, "How an Economy Grows...." 




 Im with you there 100%. Nietzsche def had attitude rare in philosophy.  




 the existentialists are quite enjoyable: Kierkegaard, Nietzsche, Camus, Sartre, Heidegger (difficult). i recommend the first two. these guys might grab you more in that they are about your existence, etc., not just ideas and abstractions.  




 I love SK, but have come to wonder what the leap is toward/to, if one *really* doesn't know. If God isnt manifest and things arent rational, we might as well take a leap toward the Great Wall of China. I have come to believe that SK was more about faith in faith itself.  




 You might check out Larry Brown. Father and Son, Joe, and Fay to name three to start with.   




 I dont find them interesting at all. Different? Sure, a little. For one, though the structure at the exterior wall is somewhat novel, it severely limits the amount of glazing, and thus blocks the incredible views way too much. Truly good architecture wouldnt do this.  




  Jesus Christ, the paradoxical God-man, who is both Atonement and Prototype. (For Kierkegaard, following Luther, faith must needs give rise to works.)

Then who/what was the object of Abraham's faith?  Weren't the objects of SK's and Abraham's faith the same thing?

 Revelation through the Word of God, the witness of the Holy Spirit, and the Spirits gift of faith (see, e.g., For Self-Examination, pp. 25ff., 77, 81-82).

These are indirect manifestations, if they are manifestations at all.  Words are hardly manifestation, unless they are audibly spoken and heard directly.  The "witness of the Holy Spirit" is an inside baseball term used mostly by Catholics; I don't know what it means.  And if the Spirit gives us faith, then what is there to worry about?  Does it only give faith to the good and pure?  If so, it's not much of a gift.

Indirect manifestations are easily doubted, challenged, confused and conflated.  Why would a self-proclaimed loving father *only* manifest himself in indirect, mysterious ways?  Especially, when he has power to do it literally any other way you can imagine (even retroactively) and with no negative side effects?  

 Epistemologically, because the manifestation does not provide apodictic certainty

Sure, but this is subjecting God to the limitations of man.  He supposedly can and does transcend our limitations all the time, just not in ways that we really need it, ways that aren't disputed, conflated, etc.  I mean, he supposedly made/makes the rules.  If he wants a relationship with us, he should make himself known.  He should love us like he asks us to love others.

I'll check out Ferreira's piece ASAP.  Thanks.



 




 The Book of Chuang Tzu. 

Like drinking a glass of cold water on a hot day.  




 except that i don't find homosexuality natural.  




 ok now we are getting somewhere. i dont really disagree with you here.  




 yes. im with you there to a point. but non aggression only asks one to govern one's own self. no laws required. there may be a law in place that determines what happens when aggression takes place. but that is only secondary, and doesnt prevent the harm from occurring. if i had my way, i'd say that when you steal or hurt someone, all bets are off. no laws necessary. 

and to me, anarchy is balance.  




 the tao is just the way of nature.  




 just read lao tzu and chiang tzu. maybe listen to alan watts and read his taoist books.  




 this is exactly it. stop trying. stop asking what SHOULD i do.  




 or yoga, taking a walk, or running long distance 




 regarding your last paragraph: incidentally, or maybe not, that is what libertarians and some anarchists call the NAP (non-aggression principle). "don't hurt me and don't take my stuff." basically the only "rule" they have. fyi.  




 good idea.  




 if it is a race, nothing is more important than winning. life is full of teamwork all over the place. it is odd to expect it in a triathalon.  




 If everything is Taoist then you have no point at all. And what are you even saying? You're certainly not disagreeing with me. Did you read what I said about you not understanding paradox? The paradox here is using words to explain that words are the problem, that words are anti-Tao - since it needs to be spelled out for you. Read the first sentences in the TTC - for starters. 

You began by saying I have a limited view of the way. Then you go in to say that nothing is 'more' or 'less' Taoist. 

For instance, using the most simple example possible: if the tao that can be described is not the true tao, one would have to say that the tao that is described is not the true tao. You, contrary to this, are saying that the tao that is described is just as true as the tao that cannot be described. You are dead WRONG about THE MOST FUNDAMENTAL ASPECT OF THE TAO. 

So you are either a fool or a liar or both, as your very statements make clear. You aren't fucking honest with yourself. Stop playing semantic games while claiming that words and artificial distinctions are just as Taoist as anything else. You are wasting our time. 

 




 You are welcome. It is actually online here too:  http://www.wwoz.org/new-orleans-community/livewire-music-calendar 














 Listen to WWOZ online. It the excellent Nola commercial-free radio station. They broadcast events every 2 hours. I think at the top of each odd hour. It will give you a great idea of what is happening and where.  




 Further, the law is all about words and arbitrary distinctions, written by a self-selected few (lawyers) who, by virtue of their education are different than the rest of us. Couldn't be less Taoist. 

Could you tell us what, in your view, are things contrary, anti, or un-Tao? 




 To me, that seems more like a faith in faith itself.  




 Assuming you are one of the smart ones. :) 




 "Try to be more positive." 




 No.  




 You are getting hung up on words. You don't understand paradox. The Tao can't even be described - so you should say this entire subreddit is anti-Tao. You are defining the Way as "whatever", and that is simply false. I don't disagree with many of the statements you make, but that just underscores the extent to which you misunderstood me. To say that disharmony with the Way is somehow the ying to the Tao's yang is a fallacy.  




 Yes, Im doing the exact same thing in reverse order.  




 Laws are artificial and very much anathema to the Way. They involve coercion, force, punishment, hierarchy, etc. - the very opposite of the Way. Taoism is essentially anarchist.  




 What was the object of Kierkegaard's faith?  How was that object manifest, if at all?  If it was manifest, why was faith needed?  If it wasn't manifest, why is it assumed to be the object?

Do we choose what we believe?  Or are our beliefs more like realizations of what we already hold to be true? 




 You sound like you would definitely like Kierkegaard. Perhaps also Taoism.  




 Not sure what you mean by that. Could you explain a bit please? 




 So if he doesn't write enough tickets, he doesn't get paid? Do you really think that has occurred even *once* in the history of mankind? 




 You really think that explanation applies to governments and their goons with guns (police) too? 

Besides, you're saying they steal, therefore they must have needed to steal. You're not saying they need money therefore they might steal.  









 So they only do it when they need money? Do you steal from others whenever you need money? 




 yeah: Governments, central banks, wall street.  




 Pick Frank Gehry and do Bilbao. 
Edit: or
Corbu - Ronchamp
 




 Start with Huckleberry Finn if you havent read that yet.  














 This isnt just Ferguson. It is every major city in the US and most other cities as well. It is the rule, not the exception.  




 The one by Benjamin Bratton. Happens that it is also very INTJ.  




 Are attempted murderers born or made? 




 As with any verbal statement, the hearer believes it at his or her own risk. No matter how horny they are.  




 "The Way of Zen", Alan Watts.  




 you may or may not. and may or may not want to. we must realize that meanings and qualities are subjective. they arent inherrent in life. though life is indeed precious and fragile. 




 from his 'philosophy of taoism' series.  




 Thanks. Got it from one of Alan Watts' lectures on Taoism. 

The West also sees the world as artifact. Forgot that part.  




 meaningless life isnt necessarily a bad thing. life is life. we can give it a meaning that is entirely subjective and internal. doesnt need to be found. nor should it. i would recommend checking out taoism. read 'the watercourse way" for starters. it is not a philosophy or religion, but the way of reality. most problems arise with language and concepts and "learning".  




 no. one guy fabricated what he said. at least he said later that he had fabricated it.  there were at least two others though. and Fine's wife saying she knew about his behavior all along was probably the most damning.  




 "By the light shining out of chaos, the sage is guided; he does not make use of distinctions but is led by the light." ~Chuang Tzu 




 Yes, and he said the world needs a dead man, referring to himself.  




 But that shouldn't be an option.  The team will be crappy until they get out of that stadium, and Oakland has proven they won't build a better one there. 




 Boeheim should have lost his job when his pervert assistant coach, Bernie Fine, was let go in 2011 for sexual abuse.  No way Boeheim didn't know about that. 




 Generally, the East sees the world as a living, growing organism; the West sees the world as a creation or mechanism.  




 they could keep doing this one more year stuff forever. move to LA already.  









 yeah they did. i think it was iraq. and they did something similar to syria too, more recently. 

 




 im not even going to read all that. and regret having even responded to you to begin with. you are clearly not honest with yourself and/ or your view of the world is subject to your twisted view of your own sexuality.  i mean, you dont really think im talking about gay pride parades. your comments are so layered with contradiction upon contradiction upon false premise - for starters. you, like many non-heterosexuals, do yourself and your supposed "cause" a disservice by talking. shut up and have sex with whatever you want. we dont care.  









 right.  if they are trends, then we don't need to be told.  if they are trends, we already know about them, as you do.  and if they are trends, they aren't really something that should be validated, emphasized, or perpetuated, per se.  tired of all this reductionism, and formula.  and description as proscription a la rem koolhaas.  this is all one gets in 99.9% of academia.  what about non-trend architects and architecture?  they should report on that.  they should lead, not follow.   














 Trends.  Yea. 




  In a perfect world it wouldn't matter, but in today's society social visibility goes a long way toward determining what people determine is the "norm". More public figures that are not-heterosexual there are, the less people will see non-heterosexual people as strange or not normal.

Instead of trying to make something "normal" by getting it out there and making people think more people are into it, try to encourage people to be themselves and do what is right *regardless of whether is is accepted by popular opinion, or regarded as normal, etc.*  Because we all know that "normal" has nothing to do with popular or accepted, and even less to do with whether this or that individual *should* behave a certain way.  The road is narrow, right?  Sure, it might encourage them by knowing it is accepted, but that doesn't mean anything.  It puts the cart before the horse and actually is counter-productive in that it turns people inside out.  You tell them that what matters are appearances, not what you choose to do privately and by *your own* conscience.  So much of the gay movement doesn't get this.  They want acceptance, including self-acceptance, so they act out.  They turn the most private thing into everyone else's business.  Then they defend themselves on the grounds of a right to privacy.  So there is this reflexive disposition among gay people to cheer on anyone in the public arena who is gay or bi or lesbian and comes out.  Like Ra Ra Ra someone is gay and they tell everyone about it.  Most people don't have a problem with gay or bi people practicing their sexuality.  It is this overt "look at me, I'm gay" thing that betrays a deep artificiality to it all.  It appears too forced and external and even political to be natural.  

  Well, I can definitely tell you that I didn't choose it.

Maybe you didn't choose it.  But if you look at gay males, for example, you'll find that they didn't have a bond with their fathers and/or were extremely over-feminized by their mothers.  This makes them want a male bond, makes them act like women, etc.  Not a choice?  Maybe.  But certainly not genetics or biology either.

 Um, it isn't your place to determine people's sexuality, so why are you even asking this?

I'm not saying it's my place to determine people's sexuality.  I'm saying I shouldn't even be able to know what it is, right?  Because it is so private, as homo's and bi's themselves argue.  But you are implicitly advocating that homosexuals or bi people let everyone know - so that it can look like a lot of people are into it and therefore it is then somehow regarded as a norm.  Why is this even in the public sphere?  Instead of advocating for gay marriage, those on your side (I'm not sure about you, specifically) should be advocating for getting government out of all marriage altogether - especially if you're an anarchist.
 
 




 the first part:  for instance, is homo/bi-sexuality a choice, or is it an acquired taste, or is it biology?  

the second:  the OP was cheering on a bisexual governor.  if you regard that as just someone, who happens to be an anarchist, saying something nice about someone (based on sexual preference, and the fact that they're a governor) in what happens to be an anarchist forum, then....you have no point at all.

still: i'd like to hear it explained why/how i even can or should know someone's sexual preferences.  aren't they private, not my business, difficult to determine without being given signs/mannerisms/queues, etc.?   




 i once opened a bank account right behind a couple who opened an account before me.  the banker put their $9000 in my account.  i told them about it the next day when i discovered it.  they gave me a free book of checks.   




 then there are all the unspoken assumption which must be true for bisexuality to have legitimacy.....  nevermind how this is *anything* for an anarchist to be doing. 

tell us, why/how are we supposed to even know someone's sexual preference? isn't it quite a private matter? and hard to ascertain by observing nonsexual behavior? 




 yeah power should be as local and decentralized as possible. and that was the way the founders of the US intended.  




 look up james files online. he plausibly claims to have killed jfk. check it out before you dismiss. his story is riveting either way. there is a pdf and book you can get too. 

was a hitman for the chicago mob. charles nicoletti's right hand man.  




 so you found it defined on the internet.  ok. 

have you ever heard the word used in your life outside this post? what about "biphobia"? is this a fear of bicycles, bipeds, binoculars, bison.....anything bi, or what? 

further, the actions it refers to as monosexual would include heterosexuality. good luck with that. 

what lunacy this is.  




 try googling "bill o'reilly jfk lie" (without the quotes). that will show you all the evidence you'll need - and won't be able to deny.  




 How do you explain O'Reilly's JFK/De Mohrenschildt falsehood? 




 How do you explain O'Reilly's JFK/De Mohrenschildt falsehood? 




 With evidence that is recorded. Was recorded in real time contemporaneously. Some from O'Reilly's own hand and mouth, his book, the audio tape with Gaeton Fonzi, etc.   









 i knew of a guy named k.c. starr growing up. does "dale's dairy" mean anything to you? 




 1.  I never signed a goddamn thing. Because it doesn't exist.  




 i dont think so. because now we can recognize harmony or disharmony, etc. before i didnt just let it be. always needed answers that werent there.  




 im never for messing with a good/great thing, but i would like to see the raiders helmet in matte black with a very shiney silver logo (pretty much like chrome). or the opposite - shiney silver helmet with matte black logo. get nike to make some prototypes.  




 BE **REAL**.  




 INTJs are actually extremely sensitive.  




 kierkegaard. the existentialists. then later, taoism.  




 yeah right. monosexualism isnt really even a word.  




 arent anarchists against governors? why are we even supposed to know their sexual preference? 




 good god. anything with "measles" in the title gets automatic upvotes from all you namby-pamby hipster progressives. oh dont you care so much.  




 i would say that is true.  
























 Then there was this other [lie](http://jfkfacts.org/assassination/news/reporters-tape-exposes-bill-oreillys-jfk-fib/) told by Bill O'Reilly. No wonder he went so easy on Brian Williams.  




 So licenses are sacred now?   




 yapping dogs 




 liars and fraudsters and criminal policemen.  









 Well the author for you then is Peter Hathaway Capstick. Start with "Death in the Long Grass", "Death in the Silent Places", "Death on the Dark Continent". Page-turners, all. Totally incredible, true stories. Excellent writing.  




 Woody Allen 




 In other words, you're still searching for meaning? 




 yes, you are right. i over-responded to your comment, and was venting a little to the readers as a whole. and i appreciate your thoughtfulness. 

yet:  the best writing is by authors who remove themselves from the story, and are completely a medium. they are transparent and not injecting hints of themselves. it detracts and is distracting. it is not about them.  it is immensely distracting and counter-productive to not use quotes. 

i strongly believe he is perhaps the most over-rated author of our time. good grief, how much is he going to descibe a sunset with "thin" and "like blood"? try to find another word, cormac. and this punctuation thing is just over-the-top. Pretentious BS in my opinion.  




 yeah i was thinking that exact same thing. didnt need tuco. he isnt a good actor or that strong of a character. 

edit: by "strong", I mean nuanced and interesting.  




 I hope not.  This show should introduce new characters.  No value to replay the Breaking Bad characters, except for novelty's sake. 









 his audience shouldn't be decided by who likes less punctuation and who likes more. I mean does anyone ever complain about too much punctuation? Never. 

Mark twain? Too many commas.
Leo Tolstoy? Too many apostrophes.

otherwise they would've been great writers. 

if you're talking about Cormac McCarthy's audience as those who will like him no matter what, and anything he does or doesn't do is marveled at by them - that isn't so much an audience as it is a cult following.  




 i'd recommend "man and nature", "myth of myself",and "limits of language". they are on YouTube, About 45 minutes or an hour long each. 




 Instead of less punctuation, how about less pretension.  




 join the club. it is the same everywhere. except north dakota.  




 That was his lesser known, but just as ill-conceived, "Raw Deal" plan.  




 check hillary's biography 




 you must be pulling that bogus slave trade line out all the time.  

functioning democracies = minority rule. 

 




 lacma is trying way too hard.  




 people think im being serious when im being funny or humorous.  




 i said WTF about half way through.  




 she isnt a good writer. period. 

waaaay too much useless needless detail. read john galt's long speech, if anything. otherwise save yourself a lot of time and fling it out the window. good philosophical ideas do not necessarily make for good fiction novels. 

edit: just noticed my previous very similar post here.  




 instead of "use mispelled words", you could have just said "mispell words". though i realize the former sounds more blatant and careless, the latter sounds like a trivial mistake.  




 yes, i have found that alan watts' writings and speeches on taoism and on the "self" or non-self are quite illuminating. there might be some recordings on youtube if ur interested.  




 who we are and how we behave has less to do with our willpower and intentions (how great we make ourselves) than with chance. 

for example, smart people dont become smart by reading books and going to school. how were they smart enough to know that reading and schooling would be good for them?  they already had something in them that wasnt taught or found. (socrates for the win.)

further, what is the self? mostly an illusion.  




 before the meltdown we were 5th. 

who knows how great things would be if the draconian regulatory shackles were lifted. or how bad things would be if the weather changed and the ocean dried up.  




 All the Neil DeGrasse Tyson worshippers should read this. 




 That's true.  :)  (Well said.) 




 Yeah, I find that too - that I've held viewpoints all over the board during my life.  And will probably change them again too.  And yes, it's best not to ascribe everything to this or that category or label.  Just to be, to get through the day, to be real and practical and functional, etc.  But the fact that different, even contradictory, views can be held underscores the subjective nature of "truth", that it comes from within and not from without.  For now. 




 I'd like that too. 









 what made you less of a subjectivist? i became very subjectivist too, though i think i still am.  




 seahawks or lions 




 ill check it out. thanks.  




 the only philosophy that ever grabbed me and deeply resonated with me was/is existentialism. particularly kierkegaard. and by extension, nihilism. nietzsche, sartre, baudelaire....

but recently i discovered taoism. it shares much with existentialism and is in some ways more simple and profound.  




 it means your first comment was bogus. WSJ/reason actually quotes Warren directly. that is going to be hard for you to dismiss.  easier to ignore.  




 eyes dont comprehend things anyway. brains do.  



























































 I know that Li is organic order, as opposed to mechanical or artificial order.  What I really want to know is if this is a subcategory of wu wei, or could be regarded as its own separate principle of Taoism.  

I am writing a paper and that is why I ask, and have to organize it and articulate it somehow.  I realize that really Taoism doesn't have principles and can't be reduced, or formulated, etc.  

Right now, the categories in my paper are 1. Yin yang 2. Wu Wei 3. Te.  Would Li be a subcategory of one of these or its own category?  I welcome any tips or advice on this matter, and on Li in general.  Thanks. 




 Anyone know where the full text might be?

Edit: here it is. 

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eBQunE_aMaFYBZB1edXifkN6qbILSu316xXifPfrWIo/mobilebasic?pli=1 














 How does Taoism reconcile mental illness?  Is it natural, is it a type of disease?  What about mental illness that is brought on by trauma?  Also, mental illness can severely complicate one's relationships.  If we are to live in harmony with each other, how can that be achieved if one is so involuntarily out of harmony with themselves?  I would appreciate any and all thoughts on the matter.  Thanks. 














 This is a more theoretical piece on aspects of a certain architect's work. I think it is quite good, if I say so myself. And I would like to get it published somewhere - somewhere that gets a lot of readership - either online or print or both.

Where do you suggest, and why? Thanks. 
























 She's got *serious* issues. I suppose she deserves our sympathy for whatever abuse must have happened to her.  




 That's worse than prison food. Take my word for it.  




 i agree, and thanks for that.  yes, i use "impossible" to describe how it appeared to me, and a bit loosely.  true that it shouldn't be used to actually mean "impossible", you're right.  trying to get to a new level of understanding regarding nature, and beauty, and why the negative *seems* to be only in the domain of man.  tidal waves are beautiful and positive until they kill people, etc..... 









 yes, and we're going to have to finish off the close games.  most of these should be close at the end, and we're going to have to put them away, make free-throws, don't foul, attack the basket, all that. 




 In the world of words, atheism is often, maybe always, the flip-side of theism. But what were we when we were born?  Beliefs and belief systems shouldn't be reduced to categories and concepts. Yes it makes them easier to argue and discuss, but also obscures their real nature, thereby making discussion about them less simple, and tends to make it about words. The discussion can be fun and can continue for its own sake, but we aren't really talking about the real nature of belief.  

We should take it to another level and incorporate this in the discussion, instead of remaining in the world of abstractions.  




 Your vote doesnt really matter. If it did it would be illegal. 

Have we really had any real choice these last elections anyway? Not much. 

You can vote with your wallet for one corporation or another.  




 You are refuting (successfully or not) his points, but aren't venturing into the real argument at all.  Perhaps make a positive point of your own regarding the OP.  It is relatively easy to argue semantics and logic and abstractions when one only seeks to rebut the claims of others in the very limited medium of reddit. 

This is only a suggestion.  




 Because they think it is a hard science. 

They see it as a mechanism and not an organism. 

And they are connected to the government.  




 Look at most governments if the world, including the US. Is that really what you see?  "Theoretically bound" only means shrouded in secrecy, lies, and politics. Governments actually steal and kill *far, far more* than any other entity or organization. 

Also, are you really saying that corporations dont own the US government?  Why no prosecutions of banksters, only billions in bailouts? 




 And it assumes rational economists.  




 it says he's a wealthy insurance executive. I'm sure if somebody looked into it they'd find he donated to the police union at some point.  money is the only reason for this.

EDIT: no, i didn't read the whole article where, i guess this is made obvious 




 iTunes went to shit when Steve Jobs died. Everything they've done since is making it worse. If it's not boke, don't fix it! 




 I don't know about Williams, but I'm not *unsold* on Cooper.  For this reason primarily:  Cooper would allow Carr to realize a far greater potential.  Carr has all this ability that is untapped because of the offense around him (and the play calling last year).  We would get more value from Cooper because there would be so much offensive synergy with Carr that we wouldn't get with Williams. 




 That's just going to make them hate us even more. 




 Scared, depressed.....*and bored*. 




 Why couldn't he do that in 2009? 









 it's not just the city.  i hiked up to the top of Angels Landing in Zion NP a couple weeks ago.  it was like spring break up there.  about 80 obnoxious college kids saying the stupidest stuff, lowest common denominator frat house kind of stuff.  they were all around me on this narrow piece of rock amidst a beautiful setting.  it was impossible for me to accept that their nature was one with the nature i was in.  everything about them disrespected nature and their fellow hikers.  i still haven't been able to reconcile this at all - that is, reconcile the nastiness and lowness of some people with the purity and beauty and simplicity and integrity of the non-human world. 




 Taoism doesn't involve "ideals", but I know what you mean. 




 No one ever said it was an answer, and most would call it a song. 




 Exactly.  [Here is a good lecture on the subject.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4oyyXC5IzEE noredirect=1)  None of the proponents for it in the above comments can say *why* it is such an important tool or rule of thumb, even though they readily acknowledge it shouldn't be overused, etc. 




 lame 




 Not good.  When will these developers get a clue and stop hiring her?  In 10-15 years the regret will sink in. 




 nothing has inherent value. not gold, not money, not architecture. also, there is a difference between architecture and building. but there are definitely different types of subjective value and potential subjective value. the investment in real estate is an investment in a real thing. whereas investment in something like education isnt quite as real. tangible is probably a better word than real. buildings are shelter. shelter is one of man's primary needs. therefore buildings have a value to man. but if there are too many buildings, they might be less valuable. but it is not inherent value. it is still subjective value that is given it by people.  




 charles baudelaire
the beats 




 i appreciate that. ive been a christian most of my life but now dont believe it anymore. im a big fan of soren kierkegaard. but god is just beyond reach. as if he isnt even there.  




 ok thats good to hear. bloodline got more tense and suspenseful as it went on too.  




 reminds me of the road to the future (never-never land, nowhere, where ever) in Obama's 'O' logo. 




 Thanks.  Yes, I started to watch Damages, but the NYC aspect was exactly what kind of put me off.  Some humanity gets lost in simply setting it there instead of the Keys or somewhere with more character.  I'll probably give it another try though.  Bloodline set a high bar. 




 Why do they need to wait a couple days to interview him?  So everyone has time to coordinate the story, and find out what the public and witnesses saw, etc.? 









 Yeah, I know.  I remember how that first hit me as well.  Love that poem. 




 Baudelaire's "[Eyes of the Poor](http://www.iub.edu/~paris10/ParisOSS/D3Haussmann/d2baudelairepoor.htm)" is a very INTJ prose-poem.  The Cure made a song out of it called "How Beautiful You Are". 




 Was going to say the exact same thing. 

And don't let other people have any control of your happiness. I know it is not that easy, but with time you will no doubt get there.

 




 yes. i like the unpredictability of it all and how it seemed to surprise even john. but im sad that danny is dead. he was the best. but kevin has actually been freaking excellent in my opinion too.  




 wondering if it is as good as bloodline was, and worth the time to watch it.  




 because we understand ideas so well. we can clearly tell people about them. 

because we are autodidacts for the most part, we have really, really learned. i think this makes is better teachers too. 

we dont care as much about the execution, the practical, making it happen, so we sometimes dont see fruition for ourselves.  




 Bob Dylan's music (the lyrics are definitely poetry) has had a huge impact on my life.  




 
Charles Baudelaire - Elevation

Above the lakes, above the vales,
The mountains and the woods, the clouds, the seas,
Beyond the sun, beyond the ether,
Beyond the confines of the starry spheres,
My soul, you move with ease, 
And like a strong swimmer in rapture in the wave 
You wing your way blithely through boundless space 
With virile joy unspeakable.
Fly far, far away from this baneful miasma 
And purify yourself in the celestial air, 
Drink the ethereal fire of those limpid regions 
As you would the purest of heavenly nectars.
Beyond the vast sorrows and all the vexations
That weigh upon our lives and obscure our vision,
Happy is he who can with his vigorous wing
Soar up towards those fields luminous and serene,
He whose thoughts, like skylarks,
Toward the morning sky take flight
 Who hovers over life and understands with ease
The language of flowers and silent things! 




 2012-13.  




 Yeah, I was surprised he didn't mention facebook, where everyone is hyper-happy and nothing but smiles are allowed. 




 Don't feel bad about it though. 




 Well, tell us, what is the other side?  You're picking a very bad example with which to make your point.  In fact, it doesn't even count as an example. 




 Right, it has to do with time, change, growth, life/death, etc. 




 So it's now news when a cop *doesn't* assault or kill someone. 




 There is a false idea that INTJs aren't emotional, and this gets perpetuated.  INTJs start to see themselves as, and identify with, how they think others see them.  This is bogus.  The wiki on INTJs even states that we are one of the most sensitive of the types.  We don't wear it on our sleeves, however. 




  because I believe the Bible is inspired by God

Seems to be circular reasoning.  That you are a Christian because you believe, and vice versa.

What is the nature of God?  Does it/he have a nature or is it more of a concept?  If he has a nature and character, is it that described in the Bible?  If so, why is his love not really anything like that described?  That is, love should be immediate and demonstrable, not mysterious and conditional, especially the love of the great Father, God. 









 No, he was an accessory.   




 this same defense is tried and true for killer cops.  johannes mehserle said the same thing when he shot the guy on the subway platform in oakland years ago. 




 all their faces are blocked with white squares.  do the bad guys get black squares? 




 The side that destroyed the artifacts.  The other side was the artifacts. 




 A couple years ago we had pretty much the best bench in the league. 




 Just get a new book and light it on fire.  




 "puts police in an impossible situation" = the gift that keeps on giving to the police-prison system, perpetual money and jobs for everyone. 




 chelsea had a couple if the most insightful lines too. one was, "as soon as you give someone else control of your happiness, you're fucked."  and she had another good one about not trying to change people.  




 we got the message without them having to show it. didnt need it. 

we got a ten second look at dannys boy and learned all we needed to about their relationship. effeciency is good and the audience dont need to be spoon fed.  




 i was sick when john killed him. a movie/tv show hasnt made me that sad since Barnes killed Elias in Platoon.  




 yep absolutely freaking perfect.  




 Yes and Carlos is still loose. Though John threatened to kill him if he came back.  




 i like kevin too. thought his acting incredible. but all the kids were excellent.  




 i put this way above sopranos. and even above breaking bad. the last four episodes were non stop suspense. acting and writing were virtually perfect. and i loved breaking bad.  




 your first one is a damn good theory.  




 yeah dont be fooled. what danny says and what danny does are two different things.  




 yes, i think so. he wanted john to live with the guilt of having killed someone, just like he did (even though he didnt kill sarah, he was blamed.) 




 what id like to know is who was going through the envelopes of money. we dont see their face. it looked like a woman's hands. then the paper is found with 'john rayburn' written on it.  




 i thought it was danny's son. around to torment the rayburns for another series. along with potts. 

but then why the rayburn hotel shirt? that was meant to tell us it was carlos, no? 




 i would recommend NOT reading it. i did. it was a joke. found it to be totally pretentious and definitely written by someone who doesnt know architecture like he wants us to think he does. didnt get anything more from it - literally.  




 That chain link fence probably saved him, *and* the video, from the cops.  




 What, is the police union money not enough?! 




 Oh ok. 




 What does that mean? 

















































 ....Unless you are a crack baby born to a prostitute and chained in a basement for decades.  

"God" isn't shorthand for "the cause", or the "unexplainable other" - at least as he describes himself in the Bible.  You'll notice that most people find sunsets beautiful, when they see them.  For another person to come along and state that that person is really talking about God, whether they know it or not, is quite a leap.  Certainly God wouldn't count this as a declaration of faith, and grant him salvation and eternal life, and why not?

Etc.

We each need to ask ourselves who/what/where is God *for me*.  Not what does CS Lewis or Pascal or Aquinas or Dawkins say, but *what do I say*.  There are arguments for God, but they aren't anything close to personal manifestations of God.  We don't, and shouldn't, need a book or a text or a tradition or an institution to bring us to God.  In fact, this common and strong tendency for conflation might be a clue as to whether he is there or not.  The medium isn't the message.  Nor is faith itself to be confused with faith *in something*.  Faith in what?  Faith itself?  The unknown?

For starters, let's look at his claims in the Bible of who he is:  among these, a loving father.  If I loved my kids as he appears to love me, my kids would A. Not know me (but they must have faith, because that's how I set up the rules, just because) B. Be estranged from me (but I love them mysteriously, at a distance, in ways they can't comprehend, mostly because they sin so much, and because I'm so much *greater* than them, and beyond their comprehension)  I won't try to make myself known, or make them experience my love in a way they can't deny, *even though I'm their father*, and this would be easy, if not automatic, for me. C. Probably develop and antipathy toward me.  And this is a real, earthly father, someone they can see and talk to directly! 




 haha. good one! 




 the most extreme would be the day when i was 21, and for no apparent reason i didnt believe there was a god anymore. it happened so fast and was so undeniable and came from some other place - maybe from everywhere. that is, not from my surroundings or my consciousness. it shook me. i dont know what prompted it but will never forget it. nothing like it has happened before or since.  




 this is the "glory of god" that we only experience through faith? that is, it is only there if you believe in it. that is, it may not be there and if it is, it must not be that glorious. 

no one is trying to diminish god's glory anyway. besides, to me it is about whether he exists or not. how much glory he has is a triviality.  




 strange. it was on the guardian's front page today.  



















 Don't take a scholar's word for it. Read it yourself. 

It is anything but a political book.  




 This isnt about how to govern. It is about all the bad things that happen due to the delusion of government.  




 General Ts'ao's rule over the state of Ch'i in about 200 BC. His chief advisor was a philospher and follower of Lao Tzu. He advised him to do nothing, and the people flourished under his "rule".  Alan Watts addresses this toward the end of "The Watercourse Way".  




 Yes, something like teaching by example even. The best learning is deeper and more unconscious than the direct transfer and/or memorization of concepts. 

Ive been lately struggling with this same stuff. Hiked up to Angels Landing in Zion National Park a couple weeks ago. Was surrounded by dozens of college kids on spring break, and one large church group of college kids. They had absolutely zero regard for their fellow hiker and zero appreciation of the beauty around them. Extremely annoying and obnoxious. To me there seemed such a chasm betwen the nature I was in and the nature of these people around me.  Was trying to find compassion, without condescension or arrogance. Couldnt find compassion at all. Or even understanding.  









 ....and that you are not a farmer.  









 i made my point long ago.  all you do is misdirect.  that's not hip. 









 go flip yourself. 




 ....and HIGH taxes. 




 
im talking only about your endorsement of peer pressure as a method.  




 scientology is one of those things where a "by any means necessary" approach isn't that necessary.  if you're on the inside, you've drunk the kool-aid. 

what i was getting at is that trying to get people to do things because it "isn't cool" is actually counter productive.  it encourages herd mentality, people behaving like frat boys (as the police do).  the right thing to do is often *not* what is hip. 




 one should explain to another the reasons why they should lose and idea, based on substance, not by telling them it isn't hip or whatever. 




 you need to lose this idea that "hip" is better than unhip. think for yourself. who cares what others think is cool? that's just another type of cult behavior.  




 i dont like scientology either. but you are encouraging a herd mentality and not trusting people to think for themselves. you are saying that making something cool or shameful is a good way to achieve a desired behavior. 

this is in fact something that promotes cult behavior in the first place: people doing something for acceptance, because it is cool, or to avoid shaming or ridicule. people need to think rationally for themselves, whether the herd is with them or not. rational, sensible, substantive arguments should be made in an environment that welcomes it. 

otherwise, you are just promoting a "good cult" to take the place of a "bad cult": "you aren't "hip" because you dont believe X Y and Z like the we do". THIS is what the world doesnt need.  




 Tough one. Between Bo Jackson, Lawrence Taylor, and Randy Moss for me.  




 Merrill and his big tie knot drive me nuts, but he is right a lot.  




 The Republicans only claim to be for limited government. And it turns out they are only talking about domestic policy. Outside our borders they are for unlimited government (theft and waste).  The left is just the other side of this coin- no better.  




 This is one of the funniest comment threads Ive ever seen on reddit.  




 Constantly. 




 More anarchist. 




 Smoke a Joyo de Nicaragua cigar, while taking a walk. 









 Thanks for improving the title and adding "knife-wielding", not giving us click-bait. 




 My friend's parents are named Bill and Marilyn? 









 Check out the movie "Harry Dean Stanton: Partly Fiction" on Netflix. He drops a lots of Taoism throughout. Numerous clips are also on youtube.  




 Yeah, you mentioned that already....a couple times.  




 You could have said that at the beginning and saved us some time.  Or just not said anything at all. 




 [or you could always just google it yourself](https://www.google.com/search?q=dollar+since+1913 safe=off espv=2 biw=1386 bih=719 source=lnms tbm=isch sa=X ei=H3AcVc-qNs21oQSVxIK4Cg ved=0CAYQ_AUoAQ#safe=off tbm=isch q=dollar+since+1913 imgdii=_)
 




 It was posted on this subreddit a couple days ago. The link was removed, but in the comments are some torrent links to download. I did this and watched it.

 




 It was posted on this subreddit a couple days ago.  The link was removed, but in the comments are some torrent links to download.  I did this and watched it. 




 So you think it is obvious that Andy Goldworthy's art is just "nature stuff" and "autumn leaves", and nothing more.  You are caricaturing my post, and reducing it (I actually didn't say anything specifically about what makes it Taoist) to "the obvious".  Your problem with people stating the obvious is actually a problem you have with yourself repackaging and reducing something you think you see to be "the obvious".  *There are innumerable aspects of depth and variation and complexity to Goldsworthy's art.  This goes without saying.  This is pointing out the truly obvious - which you are either denying or are ignorant of.*

You imply that I'm missing how Taoism applies to our daily lives.  Actually, I'm expanding our realization of how Taoism applies to our daily lives.  Further, I can't cover everything in just one post.  I'll get to the rest of our daily lives eventually.

Your own comments argue against themselves and waste peoples' time. 




 I hadn't thought of that.  I see a lot of yin yang.  Gradients, play between artificial and natural.  Also, addresses temporality and change and growth, life and death; and some play with the "uncarved block" and the "watercourse way".  Among other things. 




 How generous?  As generosity increases does desire to work increase as well?  Or only up to a point (say, $1,000/hour), after which desire to work then decreases? 




 "Remarkably stable"?  The dollar has only lost 96% of it's value in the 102 years since the Fed was created. 




 nicholson lived up at mulholland drive. maybe four miles or more away. why would he also have lived near the playboy mansion? article doesnt say where this other house was supposed to be. bad reporting.    




 no.  we're talking past each other.  you seem to always revert to something like: "everything is taoist."  

the banner to this subreddit needs to state that we all know the tao that is spoken is not the true tao, but we are going to speak anyway - just as lao tzu and chuang tzu did....  that that is the starting point.  otherwise you get these feedback loops like we are in now, when commenters like you keep repeating this mantra.  i wonder what your point is and why you even bother with this subreddit. 




 i dont disagree much at all with that.  only, to me, some things are more taoist and others less taoist- but only in our perception/conception of them. for instance, some books are very taoist, some explicitly so. other books are very non/un-taoist- books about scientology, for instance. though they think they are different and have a certain view, they actually cant help but adhere to the taoist principles, as you say. i suppose, then, that i mean the un taoist stuff wrongly views itself a certain way, when it cant help but be taoist. the disharmony comes only in this misconception and not in the actuality of the thing itself. this is why taoism is so refreshing: people find it was there along along. so i think a lot of art and literature is neutral on the matter, but goldsworthy's work struck me to be especially expressing ghe yin yang in a unique way. also growth, time, change, flow. one could potentially draw parallels to the watercourse way and the uncarved block, but id be careful there. 

if that makes sense. im in a hurry... 




 ive been an a's fan since the late 80's. those great years. not a warriors fan though (clippers).  




 i really appreciate that. and quite agree with you. especially about over-application of the word tao, etc. 




 What are we even talking about then? This subreddit should be called "everything". 'The Tao of Poo' should be called 'The Tao of Pooh and Daffy Duck and Tracy Emin and Everything Else". 

People who come on this subreddit and pretend they are wise and adding to a discussion by saying "the Tao is everything" need to get a clue. 




 Right, Taoism is in everything.  

What about what Goldsworthy *does* with the nature stuff?   




 The Way would necessarily include art and the making of art - and the experience and perception of art.  Art is about a lot more than just aesthetics, and really doesn't even have to have aesthetic qualities, per se.  (I would argue that *good* art does, but that's another story.) 




 The NSA/FBI/Obama/CIA aren't going to like that. 




 No, it is not just nature and a bunch of circles.  For one, nature doesn't do those kinds of things without the hand of man involved (yeah, I know man is nature too). I could write a whole page on the Taoist aspects of this, but something tells me it would be a waste of time.  









 ha! 




 i have had the same thing with my ENFP/J girlfriend. i was using he word "autonomy" a lot, to no avail. she didnt want to give me space or time. was somewhat possessive and controlling. but like you, i would feel very drained at times and unable to recharge. i dont understand why some people cant handle the autonomy of another. fear of this or that i suppose.  




 im not about to read all that. for you to even care that much what i think is looney.  




 All the definitions (that I've come across) of co-dependency seem overly complex and/or overly vague.  Can anyone give me, or point me to, a concise and clear and thorough definition of co-dependency?  Thanks! 




 Successful compared to what?  The landing of the Hindenberg? 




 yeah, diplomacy game.  exactly.  all to hide the corruption that goes on there.  

further, you pose a false choice:  either the UN or war?  how about nothing, no war *and* no UN.   




 some people make a religion out of skiing.  




 i would first read alan watts "tao - the watercourse way". he is a gifted writer, explains taoism extremely well. there is a free version on scribd. it is the best intro book by far, in my opinion. 

also listen to his "philosophy of taoism" lectures on youtube.  




 not enforced in california.  




 ha. yeah, or "it was a fumble". 




 Welcome to the religion of NdGT. Downvote this comment to proclaim your faith! 




 i wouldnt listen to it at all, probably. 




 i cant listen to it. i like tbone but dont think this does justice to dylan.  




 You gotta read Ken Kesey's classic: One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest

The movie was incredible too. 




 INTJ 









 sure, but it now seems you could be trying to overwhelm me with info and links, etc.  we are all speaking the same language.  truth is supposed to be simple. 




 im still on vacation and will get to these when finished.  i generally think this sort of scientific and apparently thorough approach doesnt get SK and what he said on a very basic level. but i hope to take a closer look later.  

in short: the immediate is unmediated. and what is on the other side of the chasm (the one some say they leap across) is absolutely unknown, if the chasm even exists.... 




 exactly 




 he runs circles arounds us all.  i read the first 3 of OP's objections/replies and found them to be thoroughly lacking, not convincing in the least. the first was a total non sequitur. in fact, they convince/remind me of the strength, depth, and profundity of SK more than anything.  




 how do we know it is irrational? how do we know anything on the other side of the leap - especially if we havent taken it yet? with our rational minds? 




 yeah, a great self-serving *political* strategy. 




 finally got around to it.... 














 All those who thought otherwise were branded 'Vitamin D skeptics', shamed for daring to doubt "science", not given tenure, and ridiculed on social media.  
























 You are right. Youtube titles can never be trusted.  




 It was in an actual court of law.  But that doesn't prove Ray's innocence, just that they found him not guilty. He is innocent because he didn't do it. If you take a look at the evidence, it will probably not change your mind, but it may keep you from saying things are are dumb and unfounded. 

If you understood civil court you wouldn't say it was anything like Judge Judy. 

And to this day the King family doesn't believe Ray did it.  




 Actually they dont have accountability. If they fail at their job, they can falsify reports, their fellow officers will cover for them, get paid leave of absence while the non-investigation takes place, etc.  Then there are the police unions. The problem is they are not accountable to anyone.   




 It's crazy, but I can't wait to see who we get.  In Reggie We Trust.   




 Exactly. People are so afraid of being alone, that anyone will do. 

It reminds me of what some comedian once said: that marriage for him will probably be like in gym class when the instructor tells everyone to pair up. Everyone shuffles around real quick and finds a partner. He's just standing there looking around. Then before he knows it everyone is paired up, except for some girl on the other side of the gym who, by default, must be his partner.  




 To me, denial = delusion. And for every problem you deny, you create about four more that you may or may not be aware of.  




 I used to know an old guy who once told me, "It's better to be lonely than to wish you were." 




 Just got too damn cold. And lonely.   




 Police can't police themselves.  









 If she can't notice a text on her phone from someone she already verbally committed to (and respond), then she should be dropped even quicker.

Right, she's just too busy and distracted with life to undertake the most basic of functions, which don't get much simpler.  She could do it in 3 seconds while on the toilet.
 




 Neither James Earl Ray nor James Earl Jones killed MLK.

["The jury found that King had been the victim of assassination by a conspiracy involving the Memphis police as well as federal agencies."](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assassination_of_Martin_Luther_King,_Jr.#Coretta_Scott_King_v._Loyd_Jowers)

And also [here](http://www.thekingcenter.org/assassination-conspiracy-trial). 




 Yeah, he has a bunch of good stuff on youtube. 




 Im with you. Because Carr would get a synergy with Cooper. We have untapped potential with Carr that Cooper could help realize. If we didnt have Carr, Id be more inclined to go with Williams. Too bad we only get one. 




 Wow. He is telling pickers 1-3 something. More than an implication.  




 Duncan is 39.  I'd take 2 or 3 or 8 impressive blocks, and the many non-shots they cause (which stats don't account for) by a young player, than 1 random block by a 39-year-old any day.  But whatever it takes for Spurs fans to get excited. 




 Exactly. 









 They say "disrupting" like it's a bad thing. 




 Well maybe it was just an accident then. 




 Yes, and I've heard some say that Williams is overhyped.  No one has said that about Cooper.  If anything, they say he's underappreciated.  Sure, that is hearsay, but means something. 









 DeAndre Jordan does this about 8 times a game.  Tim Duncan does it once in a series, and people act like it's the second coming of Christ.   




 This is exactly what I've been saying.  Draft Cooper.   




 NBA needs to hold them fucking accountable. It is not "just part of the game".   




 He whines. Then we see the replay of him and two others taking Blake's head off.  




 I like DJ, but he has to get it together. 




 Yeah, I don't think any of them are Swedish.  




 Yeah fuck him and the NBA for not fining him already. And Parker too. *All they do is flop!* 

But we need to close out games!  Make a freaking free throw too!

That's 2 games we've handed them now. 

EDIT: And fuck you too refs. You do this for a living? What a horribly called game.  




 When is the NBA going to fine Ginobili for flopping? This is beyond ridiculous.  




 I should mention: If you read Kierkegaard, I would start with 'Concluding Unscientific Postscript' then 'Fear and Trembling', or the reverse.  




 Goodell would then investigate it for 3-30 months, and personally destroy all evidence of a delay.  




 It is the internet. Thre is room enough for everything.  




 Yeah. They're thinking about it. For now.  




 Fuck Goodell. 




 To me, it isn't about the weed.  It should be legal.  It's a plant, etc.  But it's about being stupid.  Don't do nonsense like that *especially* before the draft.  No, we shouldn't take him.  And Reg is not the type of guy to see value there. 




 Yeah. And OP's first instinct was to feel sorry for him being a closeted gay? Right.  




 This is excellent.  The Bleacher Report may have a commitment to excellence.  

I'm going back and forth, and forth, on Williams/Cooper/White.  I tend to end on White or Cooper because we could then better realize Carr's potential.  But then they got Crabtree, so are they thinking this isn't as much of a need.  Then I remember Reg is a former LB, so maybe he prioritizes defense somehow.  

I want Williams *and* either Cooper or White.  Too bad we only get one.  I guess I'd be most happy if Reg saw it my way and got a receiver.  But if he didn't I'd be OK too maybe. 




 It's a cop-out because you can't handle it.  The government you advocate is the same government that built the big banks, along with Fannie and Freddie, the Fed, etc., which led to the bubbles, and the bail outs, which led to *no one* going to jail.  They are the same government that already taxes corporations more than most other countries, taxes the rich far more than the poor, *and* writes the loop-holes for them to hide most of that money in.  The powerful (be they the rich, the banks, or the government) like money for themselves, not for you or me. 




 Exactly.  And it explains why anarchists/libertarians have trouble organizing (if we are to see that as "trouble").  Natural freedom entails what appears to be disagreement, but is only difference.  The words keep us apart, because we get fixated on them instead of human-heartedness.  To continue the example of politics:  Democrats and Republicans group themselves in opposition to each other based around artificial concepts, platform planks - pro-this, anti-that - which have nothing to do with real reality.  So they are in perpetual war for their own supposed benefit.  Gay marriage, for instance: Why is any kind of marriage anything more than an agreement between two people, or between two or howevermany whatever?  The powers that be have seized on this artificial issue to the detriment of us all. 




 You're most welcome.  You saw Watts in person, or recordings, or how?  "Tao: The Watercourse Way" changed the way I see the world.

I think you'll enjoy those books!   




 Close.  I'm saying (among other things) that it shouldn't be demanded or expected that anyone trust a scientist or an expert.  That's not good science. 




 Respectfully:  What you lack in substance you make up for with footnotes, and verbiage.  I can give you 8 ways in which black and white resemble each other.  And I can give you 8,000 ways in which SK was anti-Hegelian, and use primarily SK's own statements, not those of academics who enjoy the trees more than the forest.  You are aware of this.  Certainly you aren't suggesting that SK and Hegel are similar. 




 don't worry i'm just an anonymous guy on the internet.  

but you ought to put your money where your mouth is and pay even *more* than you are required to in taxes.  but you don't.  so you aren't as much of a true believer as you'd like us to think. 




 Hogwash.  Praise be to Almighty Science....er, peer review.  Ignorance of experts on full display here.  Why such zeal and dogma?  Where is your skepticism?  Why make a judgement call?  Why not hold global warming as a provisional possibility?  We haven't even gotten to whether it is caused by man or not.  If it is naturally occurring, apart of man, or not.  Or the question of if it is happening, in this giant universe, why the necessity for alarm as if we humans can do anything good to save ourselves.  All our saving of ourselves has only resulted in more wars, theft, etc.  I think it was a scientist who said if bugs go, life on the planet will have about 50 years, but if humans go, life on the planet will thrive.  So the enlightened are supposed to save us from ourselves?  So the tyrants who spout what they want to to justify taking our money for their own benefit are going to save us???  Get real.  

So at least you admit that consensus can be wrong.  You don't hear that from the rest though.  And even you say that if you have a "convergence of data", it is very unlikely to be wrong.  Oh the chances are slim.  I see.  Again you drift into non-science really fast.  If you guys are all talking about likelihood, then say so.  If this is a Pascal's wager thing, say so.  But none of you do.  You say it is happening, and anyone can see it, even though no one can see the data or interpret it properly, etc.  This is how you don't do your cause any service.  But you are the enlightened one, adored by academics and the tyrants.  Make a fucking prediction.  What's the temperature going to be in 10 years?  Al Gore should be able to put $1,000,000 on it.  I'm sure someone would take his bet.  But you can't even tell me the temperature next week.  But that's probably because I'm not a scientist.  

All the great scientists had skepticism and doubt and uncertainty, and were certain of their own ignorance, perceptions, etc.  They even doubted the fucking data.  NONE of the climate change zealots EVER express this.  They are religious extremists.

EDIT:  Nothing personal.  I don't want to be this harsh.  Forgive me.
 




 Here are the [reading lists](http://www.sjc.edu/academic-programs/graduate/master-s-liberal-arts/reading-lists/).

Henry Hazlitt - [Economics in One Lesson](https://mises.org/library/economics-one-lesson)

Irwin Schiff - [How an Economy Grows and Why It Doesn't](http://freedom-school.com/money/how-an-economy-grows.pdf)

[Fredric Bastiat collection](https://mises.org/sites/default/files/The%20Bastiat%20Collection_4.pdf)
Including "The Law", which you should read too.

Murrary Rothbard - [What Has Government Done to Our Money?](https://mises.org/library/what-has-government-done-our-money) Maybe read this first.  Incredible book.

Ludwig von Mises - [Human Action](https://mises.org/sites/default/files/Human%20Action_3.pdf)  The first books are short.  This one is long.

I don't know any good nutrition books.  Just wish I had learned it. 

Regarding philosophy:  I would start with the existentialists, and among them Soren Kierkegaard.  Because he was such an incredible philosopher, but also because his philosophy, and that of the rest of the existentialists, is so human.  It is not abstract, is not about concepts exclusively.  It will engage you and bring you in.  A lot of philosophy is difficult when initially confronted by a novice - but not always.  Also read the philosophy on the St. John's list.  Those are the basics.  Perhaps Plato and Aristotle most basic.

[Lao Tzu](http://www.amazon.com/Tao-Te-Ching-Lao-Tzu/dp/014044131X) (Tao Te Ching) and [Chuang Tzu](http://www.amazon.com/The-Book-Chuang-Penguin-Classics/dp/014045537X) are the 2 basic Taoist texts.  Dating from 600-400 BC.  They are poetic and beyond words, literally and figuratively.  It would also provide a basis for other philosophy reading, though Taoism is not per se a philosophy or a religion.  Plus, it is eastern so it has a different angle.  Many parallels between Taoism and existentialism.  But read these alongside Alan Watts' ["Tao: The Watercourse Way"](http://www.amazon.com/Tao-The-Watercourse-Alan-Watts/dp/0394733118).  It might blow your mind.  Excellent stuff.  And not esoteric at all.


 




 You need some training in basic epistemology.  It isn't a "hard science", but give it a try.  

The point with Galileo, which you probably get anyway, is that the *established consensus was wrong!*.  In your world, the "consensus" can't be wrong, and ignorance doesn't exist.  Let alone the questions of what a consensus is, who establishes it, etc.  You try to dismiss my example and say that they weren't scientists, that Galileo was the "first scientist".  What unscientific, purely rhetorical, nonsense!  "Considered by many" ?????  You and your ilk can keep parroting this considered-by-many delusion as fact in some way, but not only is it meaningless, it is misleading and *unscientific*.  

You argue against yourself when you say that no one but Galileo was a scientist in his time, so all the naysayers get a pass.  But nowadays you heap scorn on all the non-scientists if they don't take on faith what is supposedly established as consensus, though not 100% of course.  Because how are they supposed to process all that data and evidence, if it is so difficult for real scientists to do it?  Oh, by faith.  I see.  Now it's a religion.  Consensus becomes herd mentality.  Science is determined in the comments on reddit.  If I agree with you I understand how science works.  If I don't, I don't.  I'm afraid you don't understand how science works.  

If global warming is happening, you aren't making any good fucking argument for it.  You're making a pathetic, unintentionally unscientific argument not to listen to a goddamn word you say.  

One simple question for you:  Can the consensus be wrong? 

EDIT:  By the way, what's the consensus now?  Is it 90% or 95%?  Unlike with temperatures, the exact number is hard to determine.  Maybe we should just find out what the consensus on the consensus is. 




 i think they know all leaders (of this sort especially) are of strong choleric temperament, and thus extroverted.  so they skew our results to show we aren't too far from that. 




 Innovation will flourish when the government monster dies.   




 Mao. It said I was more extrovert than introvert. Dead wrong. Heck, all these leaders are more extrovert than introvert, by a long shot.  




 I know, I know. The state is all right.  




 Wow. All that is is SK showing some respect for a guy and maybe for the magnitude of his ideas.  Not agreeing with what his ideas actually were. And certainly not espousing them. The last "despite" quote really shows it. At least you included it.  




 Is Galileo in the 95% or the 5%?  Surely none in your 95% are there because people like you would ridicule them if they weren't. Surely none of them are there because they wouldn't get tenure otherwise.  Oh, but we are all for individual radical geniuses, unless they diverge from the "consensus", right?  One shouldn't have to take science on faith, or by Pascal's wager.  




 Sure most people would say SK is anti-Hegel.  And we would know what they mean. In some circles, where people fear being seen as too simple, perhaps they would elaborate. Usually not here on reddit though. 

Like with a lot of philosophy there are layers and there are indirect influences.  And there are contrarian books out there for everything. 

But to say SK was not anti-Hegel is the point that is untrue on its face, and only might be partially true with serious explanation, none that could be derived from what SK himself said, however.  




 Yeah, it matters. Particularly the part about admitting uncertainty. Something we didnt hear from Obama on Earth Day or from most pop scientists today. 

You, in your zeal and righteous indignation, try to come down on me for a quote made by someone else. Something deep inside you must have been triggered. It is this kind of reflexive animal religiousity that is a threat to rationality and real science. And, like any religion, entails massive hypocrisy and denial.  




 Check out the reading list for St. John's College. It is online. 

For economics: 
'Economics in one lesson' by Henry Hazlitt
'The seen and the unseen' by Fredric Bastiat
'Human action' by Ludwig von Mises
'How an economy grows and why it doesn't' by Irwin Schiff

Read philosophy

Read nutrition

Read the Tao Te Ching by Lao Tzu
Read the Book of Chuang Tzu 
 




 I hope we get this guy unless Reg decides to trade.  




 Green's been pretty effective on D though.  Kawhi might be my favorite non-Clipper player in the league.  Just plays, and it speaks for itself.  He's pure.  A team player, but steps up when he needs to.  Good with the ball, good away from the ball, excellent at defense.... 




 Not bad for a guy who can't jump, or switch directions very fast.  He played well.  He's solid and it worked. 




 Way to play son!!!! 









 ....followed by a flop and a flail.... 




 1.  I would have to assume that this author makes a point based on substance.
2.  I would have to assume that the book description is wrong when is says the book is about SK's problem with Danish Hegelians, not Hegel himself.  
3.  I'm sure I could find 10 books that say the opposite of what this does.

EDIT:  And this guy doesn't seem to be saying "yes and no".  He seems to be saying no. 




 Im surprised by how little discussion there is about how much we need a receiver, or not. If we do, it is a no-brainer we take Cooper (or White).  Seems to me it is that simple.  




 No. This one is a different version/translation.  




 Exactly. Oooooh they're so classsssy.  









 All Parker and Ginobili do is flop or flail into the lane trying to draw a foul.  




 Oh, because the food is shitty in Denver.  




 Keep moving /r/environment.  Nothing to see here.  It doesn't exist if you don't see it.  Now move along. 




 In Denver or at Casa Bonita? 




 Could you elaborate on Thomas Cleary, how he has appropriated it? 




 Read "the seen and the unseen" by Fredric Bastiat. The issue isnt whether innovation happens. The issue is that potential innovation doesnt happen (the unseen) because of insane and impossible barriers to entry imposed by the tyrants.  




 "Science is belief in the ignorance of experts." ~Richard Feynman 




 How do you know the sky is blue?  If you take a cursory look at the news, check any measure you like. 




 Especially because we need a good receiver. And because we have Carr, and need to realize his potential. 

It doesnt mean much if we get a much better defense and dont improve our offense from last year. We need weapons. 

And Im not as convinced as others about Leonard either.  




 Because it is grounded. 
Because it has to do with people and with life. Not just abstract esoteric concepts that only have significance in school, if anywhere.  




 Yeah I got into Taoism several months ago and noticed the same things you did. I recommend 'The Book of Chuang Tzu', the Penguin version. A good complement/supplement to the TTC. Lots of rich stuff there. I find Taoism to be very refreshing and rejuvenating. 

Did you ever read Kierkegaard?  

I think Woody Allen addresses existentialism in most of his movies. A lot of the humor comes from the absurdity of life. Also, 'One Flew over the Cuckoo's Nest' is very Taoist-existentialist. 




 Deconstructing Harry
Cuckoo's Nest 




 thanks! 




 Yes, you got it.  Not so sure about everyone else here though. 




 "Lack of medical care" is police-speak for "We broke his neck.  What are you gonna do about it?" 




 **Keys to the Game**

The Spurs defense is messing with our flow.  They are picking CP3 up at just across half court.  CP3 has to work to get around it just to the 3 point line to get the offense going, get a pass off, dribble anywhere.  And they give him different looks with Green and Leonard switching it up. It takes precious time off the shot clock if nothing else.  Hence, we haven't been rotating, cutting, moving, creating opportunities like usual.  When CP3 moves and passes, we are much better.  This should be obvious.

Blake can't be defended by any single Spur.  He needs to just dribble down to the post and shoot a bunny every time, or turn around and make a move.  He will either make a shot, get fouled, or pass to someone else open if he gets doubled.  But last night he didn't do this.  Heck, Splitter is playing him like a little bug.  

Barnes needs to cover Leonard like a blanket.  Don't help anyone else out.  Stay less than one arm's length from Leonard *at all times*.  Don't let him *receive* a pass.  Don't let him touch the ball.  It can be done.

Reddick and/or Barnes and/or Crawford need to be on.  When these guys all have an off night, or even 2 of them have an off night, we struggle big time.  

In the off-season we need to acquire a serious bench.  Hedo, Big Baby, and Spencer Hawes can barely even run.  They seriously look like they are in some geriatric condition, hobbling around everywhere.  And Baby shoots the most blockable shot in the world.  Hedo - at least he does no harm.  Remember when we had Eric Bledsoe, Caron Butler, Lamar Odom....? 




 Two words:  Jamarcus Russell. 




 Pretty much anything has had its counter throughout history, whether legitimate or not, especially in academia and religion.  I haven't come across any criticisms, and I find this itself to be a bit surprising and unique. 




 I agree, but has anyone attempted this misguided effort? 




 Oh....Ouch.  That's the same defense Kobe gives when anyone brings up the fact that his personality has broken up good teams, and is generally bad for team chemistry, and thus prevents (more) success:  "Look at my rings!!!  I gots rings.  They cover a multitude of sins, don't they?"

What about all the rings he and Shaq don't have but should have? 




 Are you saying there is proof the Patriots deflated those balls? 




 What is it with LSU?  If I were a GM in any sport, I'd make a rule never to draft anyone from there.  Even the stars, like Shaq, are underachievers.  At least since Pete Maravich. 




 Are there any criticisms of Taoism?  If so, what are they? 




 So Spurs fans are OK with "flashy" play after all?  Up until now that sort of thing has been frowned upon. 




 Was it really over Blake Griffin? Looks to me like Griffin was about 5' away and never even challenged him.  




 Sexual relations is different than rape. Woods got treatment for sexual addiction. Clinton is a horn dog. Sure women lie. I sure tend to belive them here. i could be wrong but I dont think so. Ive read their accounts and the ones Ive read arent made up. What money are they getting? What point is there in casting doubt where there is no reason to. We all have a measure of realistic doubt with this stuff automatically. That gets influenced by the evidence or lack if it.  




 Cuckoo's Nest
Shawshank Redemption
Sling Blade
Platoon

The new Netflix series Bloodline is incredible.  




 Self-inflicted hair cut.  




 Focus on the tasks at hand. Lead through competence (that is the way INTJs tend to lead). When you dont know, admit it. Dont act. Treat people with respect. Let people follow their abilities and instincts.  Dont play favorites. Dont posture. Dont condescend. Have fun. 




 Man, I like Carr. Hope he and Crabtree - and Cooper - can do it this year.  




 I cant think of any other instance of 40 or so women coming out of the woodwork like this.  




 Yeah, and OJ isn't guilty either. Im all for 'innocent until proven guilty'. Ive spent time in jail due to lying cops. But there is a difference between my opinion and a legal conviction, which he probably won't get due to the statute of limitations.  




 i know. barnes should smother him at all times. everywhere.  i mean no more than two feet away.  




 We gotta finish close games off. 

We cant let their D stop and hold our offense. They we're picking us up just across half court and it would take another 8 seconds to start the offense. CP3 needs to get the ball to the three-point line quick and start moving around. 

If we run and push the ball it will work in our favor. 

We gotta make free throws down the stretch.  




 Rape a few and they throw you in jail.  Rape a lot and they defend you. 




 Marxism was largely dependent on Hegel.  Kierkegaard was anti-Hegel.  




 Thanks!  (I just returned to this thread and saw this.) 




 What is the total count now? 









 Yes and no. Depends on the corporation and one's direct supervisors. When things go bad, they go really bad.  




 /r/Bad_Cop_No_Donut

/r/Taoism 




 How should we treat others?  What about empathy?  How should we console a sad child?  Why do children get sad at an age before they have even differentiated between good and bad, fortune and misfortune, etc.?

And I would say that disharmony with the Tao isn't a good thing. 









 TL;DR 




 Yeah, we idealize someone. Then when we meet them we realize they are a real human being, and it's a big turn off.  




 How would we know?  Since there wasn't any coverage.  Oh, are we believing the stats the police give us? 




 That hurt.  But we'll still win the series. 




 Spurs making a conscious effort to guard us at the 3 point line and beyond. CP3 getting around it for now though. He's going to need some help from Barnes and Reddick. Gonna need some 3's this game.  









 The Chuang Tzu is the best for these questions.  It addresses people as really human (human heartedness) and the questions of whether or how to improve things in the world.  It tells what the sage would do or not do.  Most of it comes down to wisdom and seeking harmony, not coercion, not impatience.

EDIT:  In other words, the answers like "What is there to improve?" don't *really* get it.  There is substance to Chuang Tzu's writings.  His book was longer than a reddit comment. 




 I don't know why, but it just wasn't that substantive, seems to use a lot of words and isn't very direct or simple.  Alan Watts is the best for explaining Taoism to anyone. 




 yes. very good.  




 If it rhymes, you'll do time.  




 ive never heard it put that way before. but now that you mention it, i get exactly that way too. all my "pessimism" has to do with people. everything else is a welcome challenge.  




 Yeah, this kicks the other one's ass.  And I think the Japanese will especially like it! 




 Assuming your stats are true, why don't those officers lose their jobs for misconduct?  Why are they protected?  Why do they get paid time off when their conduct is being "investigated" by their friends?

And given the amount of systematic cover-up that exists, if we are relying on stats reported by the police, then certainly they aren't true.
 




 You must not have looked very closely at /r/Bad_Cop_No_Donut  Only a few new cases of brutality?  You're a liar.
[And try this.](http://killedbypolice.net/)

Please *don't* become a cop.  Judging by your post history, you like Grand Theft Auto.  Being a cop isn't a game, where you get to live out your fantasies of street justice and run around chasing "bad guys" with your buddies and all your expensive cool gear.

 




 I think so too. 




 You are quite naive.  




 What a load of shit.  Pure shit.  You guys are very well paid. All kinds if benefits, time off, insane pensions, paid leave when you kill someone, police union pays your attorney, fellow officers wont testify against you.  You are all a bunch of goddamn frat boys.  Sacrifice?  Fuck you.  




 If there are good cops out there, why dont they speak out against their murdurous colleagues? All - yes, all - police unions are corrupt. We have an epidemic of police abuse and cover up. Check out r/bad_cop_no_donut and see for yourself.  People getting KILLED everyday for doing nothing. Then the DA's dont prosecute. And we have the prisons full and overflowing with non-violent offenders. The US justice system is fucked up.  









 Yeah it is excellent.  




 The Timmy is what cracked me up even more. But I dont know why.  




 ive noticed many people have a laugh reflex when watching supersick stuff.  twisted.  









 Wow. Fucking Horrible.  Depressing.  Keep the uni's you have.  They are far better than this shit. 




 There were definitely bad calls, but they were on both sides and not gazillions of them I thought. Compared to what could have been.  




 I dont call flops and dives and hacks classy.  




 Yeah we need a bench. What if the refs call a bad game and we get in foul trouble?   




 Yeah did you see all the times they passed up close shots just because DJ was there? Too bad there isnt a stat for that.  




 I know what you mean, but to me they are just quiet, not classy, except for Pop. The reason is that Ginobili and Parker flop way too much. Ginobili is always looking to draw a foul rather than just playing.  




 Magic Johnson 




 Linear TV stopped about 20 years ago.  




 i know. my comment didnt come across as i meant it.  




 Yes, thats my point.  




 I read Rand. Didnt make it through any of the books because the writing was horrible. But I read her. Academic popularity is for sissies.  














 Ginobili going into flop mode a little earlier than expected.  









 there is something in ch. 2 of Chuang Tzu. about not wasting one's energy with others who dont get it because they wont get it. it is referring to leaders and authorities, but still applies. there are probably other references too. 

i try to tell myself to let the substance of what i am saying speak for itself and not be wedded or identified with what i am saying. if i say it, that i will be ok with however it is received, knowing that its reception isnt up to me at all, but only to say it. people are really up against reality and not against me. i try to present it as impersonally as possible. not to say that this is always how i do it though.  




 ....plus Photoshop.  




 yeah i like variety. i like a lot of things and can usually do whatever i put my mind to. but i get bored sometimes. or dont find satisfaction in actually following through and making it real. sometimes just the idea is enough. That said, I do different things all the time and see a lot of them through. I enjoy the challenge.  




 Ive been there. One thing I had to realize is that existence doesnt mean stasis. Things grow and change and learn. 

I would highly recommend checking out Taoism. Discovering it has done wonders for me. The two primary texts are The Tao Te Ching and The Book of Chuang Tzu. But also get The Watercourse Way by Alam Watts as a primer. Taoism shares much with existentialism, but not everything. It is not a religion or philosophy. Essentially, it is the way of nature. Becoming aware of it has helped me realize my place in the world, and helped rid me of existential angst, etc. Anyway, I cant do it justice here, but very strongly recommend it.  




 I can vouch for character concerns in Oakland. Drove through there 3 weeks ago. Parked for 2.5 hours. Got truck broken into and $11k worth of stuff stolen.  




 He puts his shorts on one leg at a time, just like the rest of us. But that was 16 years ago.  




 not really. not the worst thing ever though. the deer appears to have puffy cheeks even. NBA teams should be able to get the best graphic artists, or artists of any kind, in the world. NBA owners and execs have no aesthetic taste is the real problem.  




 yeah. goes to show you cant just copy-paste. 














 Yeah, Oregon doesn't see a difference between spending public money (without consent) and a company spending its own money. Because they know better, and it is for your own good.  









  and everyone was lauding the new redesign for the bucks.  that was a joke too.  why is it that european soccer teams can do it, but americans can't? 




 where do they get these horrible graphic designers? ridiculous.  




 thanks, to say the least. 

im leaning toward cooper or white because they would make carr better able to reach his potential. by getting a WR we tap into that synergy they would have with carr. it is a synergy that would otherwise remain underutilized, if carr doesnt have a WR weapon. though we did just get crabtree, i think the point still stands. looking forward to see what reggie does. we have a lot of good options.  




 The estate tax is one of the worst of many bad taxes.  I don't care how rich you are.  It's basically: you're dead, so what do you care, and what can you do about it? 
























 Not good motivation for your team to tell them they cant win unless they hack DJ the whole first half.  




 Keep taking it inside to Blake or DJ. Make them defend you without fouling. Rockets got too many fouls too early.  




 This hack-a-DJ strategy is going to backfire bigtime. It's not really even working now. I'm convinced McHale doesn't really know what he's doing.  









 Going to have to read more of him.  apparent negativity doesnt bother me reflexively like it does many. Reading Heidegger now, "Building Dwelling Thinking", and there is definite Taoism throughout, though certainly not explicit.  




 this didnt happen today. it is a repost.  




 The guy was probably the worst president of all time. A sociopath to his core. Google what Billy Sol Estes said about him. Read the book "a Texan looks at Lyndon". read about the box 13 scandal. He never should've even been a senator. Google hitman Malcolm Wallace and his connection to LBJ. check out his connections to Brown and Root who funded his campaigns and profiteered from the Vietnam War. check out the video interview on youtube with his mistress Madeleine Brown, she implicates him in the death of JFK, as do many others. 

The guy was a walking criminal all through his life, driven like an animal to dominate people.  




 Listen to Alan Watts lectures on Taoism on YouTube. Read his short book "Tao: The Watecourse Way". I would recommend *not* reading "The Tao of Pooh". Not a good book to start with. And I didn't think it was a good book anyway. 

Essentially Taoism is the world behind words, the nature of reality, the way of harmony. 




 I distinctly recall him saying in the post-game press conf that it was a pass.  




 No. But i would like to see us go with a shiney silver helmet, instead if the dull silver we have now. and/or a matte black helmet with a shiney silver logo  

at least as alternate helmets 




 He's such a poser. So conscious of the cameras at all times. 




 Only if Joey Crawford's crew is reffing is there a chance.  




 As much as Id like to see the Warriors go out now, we are better suited to beat them, because Blake and DJ match up better. They dont have Zach or Gasol. Also, the Grizzlies are more of a halfcourt offense. Like the Spurs. The Clippers play better against more flowing dynamic offenses.  




 Right. Better safe than sorry.  




 Like Kobe will play with him? 




 Must get rid of the police officers bill of rights.  




 Cowboys 




 Don't worry.  They're going to raise the toll fee to cover the expense of fixing the bridge. 




 Words are only tools and are abstract.  They aren't real (concrete) and aren't the things they represent.  The word "tree" doesn't help us understand trees.  Often words divide people even though they are used for communication.  We apply words and labels to ourselves and each other.  Maybe we call someone a Democrat, but that only limits - maybe prevents - our understanding of them as a person.  And it is using a word and category ready-made, handed down to us by the political system, which wants to divide people amongst themselves.  As just one example.

It seems in your second paragraph that you are making my point.  Why complicate it with more discussion and questions and words?  This will not help.  I'm not saying words or consciousness has anything to do with whether or not everything is one thing.  Everything is one thing *regardless* of words or concepts or consciousness.  We can talk about the complexities of language, but it will get us further from the point.  And that itself is my point.  A child doesn't know how to speak, hasn't yet learned the words.... 




 Young Man Rivers Walk.  




 yeah baby yeah!!! crawford with another laser bounce pass to rivers! 




 Time to finish em off! 




 yeah and silly fouls 




 DJ gotta stick closer to Howard. Dont even let him touch the ball.  




 Is it true we passed over Ariza and got Hawes instead? 




 refs aint falling for any harden theatrics.  




 Because it isnt a philosophy or a religion. It is about nature, the way of nature, real reality. All others get abstract and reductive. It is about everything. It is profoundly simple and pure.  




 they appear to be on to him.  




 1. Anarchism
2. Everything is one thing anyway. Words and consciousness are problematic: Reductive, limiting, coercive, etc. We can be in harmony with ourselves and with nature. 
3. Taoism

EDIT: Why downvote and not rebut? 




 Ive not been competitive. Dont understand why that is an actual trait in people. To compete with their fellow man or woman. It isnt a fight or a contest. I think it is mostly found in the choleric temperament. It is blended with jealousy and comparison and maybe insecurity. 

That said, I was good at competitive sports like soccer, basketball, and especially track.  




 Man, this writer likes the sound of his own voice.   




 Why don't they just decide the punishment already?  Why didn't the punishment get released publicly with the report?  Why is everything floated through the public first?  Goodell is playing politician with this like he does with everything else.  But it's hurting the league to have this in the news so goddamn much.  And it makes it look like he's trying to gauge public reaction before anything is decided - which is what he is doing. 




 Wait until after Goodell is gone for that. 









 USA! USA! USA! WAR! WAR! WAR! 




 You will see why it was never released.  




 Thanks, Postscript. I suspected you could know this.  









 [He's our Kawhi Leonard](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Bl8NXnxCUAALprE.jpg).  All business.  Lets his play do the talking. 




 It is better to not try and not fail, than to try and fail because you failed to realize that your failure was a success. 




 Thanks a lot.  I'm going to dig into all of those.  Been into the Jung connection somewhat (The Secret of the Golden Flower).  Yes, I would put Schopenhauer on that continuum as well.  I find this all very engrossing and totally fascinating.   




 Government doesn't come from God, so it should be banned. 




 Tom Brady is a goddamn liar and a fraud.  This has been clear since at least 2002. 




 Any word on Ginobili, Parker, or Harden? 




 Wow. I am actually writing a paper on Taoism. Was working on it today, and thought I remembered this piece on consciousness from Kierkegaard that might help. 

But knowing something about existentialism, I find its parallels with Taoism/Zen are quite poignant, though they aren't completely congruent. I want to investigate the connection more. Thanks for the lead.  




 Possibly.  I remember a chapter title something like "Consciousness is the Problem".  Thought it was SK, but may have been Sartre.  I'll try to check him.  Thanks. 




 You may want to see my comment below. 




 As long as views and perspectives supply the meaning then you can probably find meaning of some sort here or there.  But views and perspectives come after reality itself.  Existence precedes essence.  Artificial rites of man might have meaning, but like everything, it is ultimately in the eye of the beholder.  To look at meaning as a pejorative thing is problematic.  Meaningful is, in itself, no better and no worse than meaningless.  

Trees don't mean anything.  Nature doesn't mean anything.  Meaning is artificial. 














 Joey Crawford is totally out of control.  I appreciate zeal, but he loses the big picture.  It's not about you, Joey.  It's the playoffs - let them play.  The fans don't want everyone not playing.  His crew called a lot of fouls in the Clips-Spurs game they reffed.  But not nearly this many.

Then this was severely imbalanced in the Rocket's favor. 




 your art should not need a narrartive explanation to accompany it. it should not be conceptual to any degree. it should speak for itself. existence before essence. make something that just is. no clever one-liners. they are the opposite of existentialism. 

i would look at nature, found objects, etc. doesn't have to be beautiful. dont fear the ugly.  




 Pointless things are OK too. Most things are pointless. Life is not about meaning, etc.

Edit: In many ways college is pointless. If you are talking about a religious rutual that is another story. But graduation is more like a celebration.  




 It was an off night for Crawford. But I still dont get why we see so much Rivers. I dont get why Crawford has to come off the bench in CP3's absence.  




 Look at the bright side:  We won't have a Joey Crawford reffing crew the rest of this series.......Will we? 




 Lester did foul a lot.  But I guess everyone did tonight. 




 That's true, tonight he was. 




 Lester was real good.  He should have played more instead of Rivers, in my opinion.  Rivers isn't that much of a passing point guard.  He can't lead the offense. 




 He usually gets hot at some point.  They said Jamal was telling Blake to shoot more and not pass it.  These guys can't guard Blake (with the exception of Howard) any more than the Spurs could. 




 Yeah, not one of Doc's better coaching jobs at all. 




 Don't understand those coaching decisions down the stretch.  

1. Why take Blake out with 3 minutes left, even if you put him back in with 2 minutes left?  

2. Why have DJ sit so much the 4th quarter?  When DJ and Blake are both in there, they don't double Blake as much or as well, and DJ is a huge presence on defense.  Etc....

3. Why play Rivers so much?  We could have put Crawford, Reddick, and Barnes in there together.  They are all better shooters and better defenders than Rivers.

4. Why not intentionally foul Howard earlier in the possessions toward the end? 




 Lester Hudson: 10 min, 5 pts, 2 ast, 1 steal, 1 block, 2 TO, +9

Austin Rivers: 25 min, 10 pts, 2 ast, 0 steals, 0 blocks, 1 TO, -3

Play Lester more. 




 Dont get these coaching decisions at all.  




 Get DJ in there!!! 




 Taking Griffin out with 3 minutes left??? What? 




 That long shot at the end of the last quarter is what broke the shot clock.  




 Let Blake go to town!  




 Joey Crawford reffing = foul-o-rama.  




 Key to the game is DJ staying in there to guard Howard and get boards.  




 In a crazy way being without CP3 is almost helping us because we arent slowing down to the half court game much.  




 A transition game is perfect for us especially without CP3.  




 He is like Kawhi Leonard. Lets his play soeak for itself. Acts like he's been there before and will be there again. 




 Im my own worst enemy. Thats for sure.  




 Not really. He was overseen by Rooney and Mara.  




 Wow - you're obnoxious as all hell. 




 You're making the mistake of assuming I care what you think.  (I don't.)  You may only be concerned with your appearance, that doesn't mean anyone else is the same way. 




 "Salt"?  Am I only supposed to use words like "probable" to fit in here?  Do you think I care?

This is a reddit comment board.  Look around. 




 Brady and Kraft are goddamn liars and cheaters. 

Kraft and Brady denied everything and say they fully cooperated.  We now know, what we assumed all along, that is false.  They also know that Goodell will cover for them as much as possible.  Goodell incentivizes their cheating.  Now we get a report of an "investigation" after four months, timed to be released after the draft, that concludes with words like "probable" and "generally"?  WTF!? 









 Goes to show how much fraternal means "frat house":  Insane brotherhood with all kinds of irrational bravado, etc.... 









 Congrats on your solid BM! 




 Yeah Im hoping for Memphis. Dont like Golden State ever since that bogus game when Blake was ejected.  









 There are about 30 different sorts of "Vegas underworlds". 




 exactly. theyre the same goddamn word. like what does $#!+ mean? 




 Of Kobe was a part of that squad, they wouldn't have Dwight Howard (nor would they have Harden). 




 This is excellent.  Man gets caught up in form, which in nature is ultimately incidental (for lack of a better word).  Form can be illusion or disguise.  I am writing a paper on this, and other things right now.  It is quite timely to come across this post.  It is the flip side of the wu wei:  Natural order from within assumes a form that is determined from within, not from without.  I didn't know form was addressed explicitly in Taoist text this way though.  Thanks. 









  The control of crypto-currencies like Bitcoin are set to be tightened drastically. 




 probably translated with google translate 









 Yeah, cause they were black, right? 




 Exactly. I was saying the same thing. Anyone have a gif? It would be a tiny bit of redemption.  




 I was thinking that exact same thing today. So quiet in the media. Makes you wonder.  




 You can see it in his eyes. The dudes been dialed in these last few games. I love watching him play with this intensity. Great energy.  




 it is ok. im here just posting basic verifiable facts, not making any claims or choosing any sides. but people downvote me because they want to cling to their delusions about Bernie Sanders.  




 From zero to a tiny bit. Im done wasting time with you.  




 BPD deleted it from their feed.  




 No, Bernie Sanders is actually quite anti-Fed himself, though not as much as Ron Paul.  And he's against the big banks quite aggressively, much more than Ron Paul is (though Paul was against the bail-outs).  Of course the Fed and the big banks aren't the same entity.  The big banks are actually themselves different entities.  (My post didn't suggest otherwise.)  Though, in effect, the Fed and the banks usually act in unison, especially with regard to Congress. 




 It is not really "progressive" if one of your principal adversaries is the Fed (and the big banks). The Fed is one of the crown jewels of the real progressive movement.  




 Get with the program. The original story was errantly reported. Everyone knows that.  




 the cops themselves reported that a man was shot on their twitter page (as did non-fox news witnesses). since removed. witnesses were interviewed who said they were pepper sprayed.  









 One of those "reports" was from the BPD themselves, via twitter.

Why don't they tell us what *is* true? Why did the victim have to go to the hospital?  




 If you believe the cops.  It could be true, but why take their word for it?   




 Cops say he threw his revolver as he was running and it went off, and that he then fell somehow and hurt himself?  And that is why he was taken to the hospital?  Interesting. 









 Witnesses report the victim was unarmed, and was running away. A gun was found at the scene.  

Cops also maced the witnesses at the crime scene. 









 Witnesses say he was unarmed.  Also that cops maced the witnesses after the shooting. 




 Break it down into smaller chunks. 

Start doing something. Sometimes things will get done, and done well, if you trust your intuition and just go. Thinking can get in the way.  




 Soren Kierkegaard: Concluding Unscientific Postscript.  




 You might want to check out Taoism. Books like the Tao Te Ching and The Book of Chuang Tzu. Also 'Tao: The Watercourse Way' by Alan Watts. I have similar interests in existentialism and nihilism and religion - and Taoism even seems to go behind all that.  




 Have you heard of Mau Piailug? I got to meet him once very randomly in Hawaii.  




 I recken i'll hamme sumuda bigguns.  




 Just curious where u got 2.5 M? Thats less than 1%. Wiki says we are 1-2%. Not a big deal though.  




 This is why Taoism is so refreshing and rejuvenating to me.  




 UTF = UnTranslated French = Pardon my French.  




 You only felt exhausted because the book was so boring and you felt you had to persevere through it for some reason.  




 ....I just seen red.   




 could it be a fibroid? just a guess? 




 Kawhi is my favorite non Clipper in the league. Total stud. All business. No nonsense. Skilz all around.  




 They are mostly jealous Laker fans who see their franchise on a long trajectory down, and ours on the way up. It is also fans who dont like our posterizing and lobs and alley oops.  




 On the subject of CP3 drawing fouls:

He can force contact and exaggerate it. But, unlike Parker and especially Ginobili, he doesn't sacrifice the whole play. Meaning he doesn't loose the ball. So if the foul isn't called, he keeps playing, usually without picking up his dribble. Ginobli will initiate contact as his first option, then do his gymnastics, flail, then flop, the ball missing the basket by a mile. I have no respect for that.  




 he stepped up big last night. and always plays high intensity. great defending. reminds the team after the game that theyre not done yet!  no, they ain't!!!!! 




 Not really.  If he thinks the play was blown and it "absolutely" was clear to the Clippers what they were running, then he should have taken the timeout then and drawn up another play.  Teams would be finishing close games all the time with one timeout left if they always had to save it just in case they couldn't get the ball in.  Plus, trust your team to throw an in-bounds pass. 




 What about a recording of bagpipes?  Played loud. 




 Kilt? 




 If only he had killed him, he'd be on paid leave right now.  




 Relieved? Not really.  




 Portland shouldnt have got an automatic 4 seed.  




 It's been a changing of the guard baby!!! 




 yeah, i don't doubt what you say, you are clearly in the know more than i am.  i had a sense that we got too many LBs there.  Reg used to be one, so maybe that's why, and Ken Norton too.  i trust him - maybe too much. 




 That comment will be $40.  I'll send you a bill. 




 Send me a livestream link please.  Don't think about it.  Just do it.  Thanks!  :) 




 WHAT A FREAKING GAME!  What a series.  Much respect for the Spurs.  Especially Kawhi.   




 No DJ - the Spurs get boards..... 




 Another draft that couldn't have gone any better.  I was hoping for Amari Cooper all along.  And the more I learn about him, the more like he seems destined for all time.

Edit: Came out wrong the first time.  




 They can tie his contract to how much he weighs.  If he weighs too much, he gets paid less.  Give him some incentives that way.  If they need to. 




 You can see why he impressed the coaches in interviews. The more I hear about this guy, the more I like him.  




 And then once you pick the clown says, "Sorry you dont have a pick." 




 Take it to Antiques Roadshow.  




 I got a three-meal-a-day habit I just can't seem to kick.  




 Everyone saying they wish Gregory was taken:  Do a Google search.  You'll see he has something(s) "off the field" that is keeping teams from taking him this early.  For instance [this](http://deadspin.com/something-weird-is-going-on-with-randy-gregory-1701010088) and [this](http://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com/2015/04/29/confusing-reports-emerge-about-randy-gregory/).  All kinds of speculation as to what it is.  


No way do we need any drama.  And no way is Reggie the guy to roll the dice.

That said, I sure feel sorry for the guy. At least he will get to the NFL eventually.  




 In this series so far, 66% of the games have been won by the away team. 




 It seems Reg isn't into any player with any degree of risk. I don't blame him anymore. The risk these days isnt like it was in the old days. Lyle Alzado risk is different than Jamarcus Russell risk. There are guys without risk.  




 Exactly. Williams was too hyped and people bought in. We needed a receiver. No brainer. Etc. Etc.  




 Had some good reffing for a change. Jamal made his two free throws. Reddick was on. Taking care of business. We closed it out.  




 Bigtime Y.A.C.! 




 He only just got there himself. I think he's OK.  




 We've all heard at least a few people express skepticism about Leonard Williams, but *none* of us have heard the least bit of negative or doubt about Cooper. All positive. 

And I think some got taken up with the hype about Williams.  




 He didnt suck in interviews with the coaches.  




 Back in Black! 




 Williams was hyped a bit. We need this receiver. Cooper is a solid guy too. Will have good synergy with Carr.  




 What evidence do you have that you aren't the Baltimore Chief of Police? 









 LSU is the prime place for super-talented underachievers.  




 sometimes.  but in this case, she has already committed verbally anyway.  if she's busy, she can say so. 









 Why would the FBI, an investigative agency, want MLK dead?  They were acting on someone else's behalf.  The FBI through Hoover was very close to LBJ, who also hated King.  King was against the war in Vietnam.  LBJ was for the war, as were war contractor buddies in Texas like George Brown, who helped start LBJ's political career.  Brown was one of the biggest war contractors of all time.  

James Douglass is writing a book on the MLK assassination.  You may want to get it when it comes out.  His book on JFK is usually regarded as the best, or one of the best, among hundreds on the topic. 




 When you say court of law, you mean criminal court. Civil court is a court of law as well. But I'm sure you are correct about everything else. 

There is a whole false narrative built up around Ray, just like there is around Oswald.  Dig deeper in your research. 

The "big scary government" tried to get MLK to kill himself by threatening to disclose his affairs. Google the letter they sent him. 




 It is frustrating because we beat ourselves. Those two games were ours. Need to close games out.  





























 Id put Concluding Unscientific Postscript near the top of the list.  




 Hillary cares.  




 People like you are the problem with this country:  Whatever works, as long as you get away with it.  Put the debt burden on our kids; we'll be dead by then.  Rah, rah, military - we must thank them for our "freedoms".  All in the name of a good investment.  

Look at Great Britain, and Rome before them.  Empires don't last because of amoral short-sighted, greedy mentality.  You can cheer for it all you want, but don't pretend it is founded on anything substantive, and certainly not on anything good.  Call it what it is:  Might makes right. 




 This isn't anything unless and until it happens.  Let us know then.  And it still won't be much of a story.

 




 Thanks for posting this! 




 That's like saying armed robbery is a very effective method of wealth reallocation, and an effective investment. 

You're thinking for the short-term, not the long term.  And you're thinking for a limited category of people, the warmongers and banksters.  If you recalibrate for the long term for all citizens, your assertion is bogus.
 




 Check the internet.  For one, she said the attack was due to an internet video, when emails/documents show she knew otherwise.  You can do the rest yourself. 




 She's not a normal person. 




 Well dont put so much in a voting populace that is lied to by their leaders and by the media, spied on by the NSA, etc. And dont claim realpolitik when these wars arent even declared by Congress, as per the Constitution. They are illegal wars.  




 War isnt good for our economic interests. It is only enriching the banksters and military industrial complex. Otherwise it is destructive and wasteful and life-ending, etc.  




 Every country is a potential treat.  




 You know damn well what he's talking about and pretending he just doesnt understand freedom in order to make a supposed point against that.  




 I was being sarcastic, and not only referring to that incident.  




 Hamilton could use a PR person.  




 Hogwash.  Rim protection over-stated?  Hardly. 




 Lame post. Such a gentleman?  




 Lame. 




 Yeah.  Riiiiiiiight. 




 If you are down on MBTI, then why care? Masterminds conveys pretty accurately what an INTJ is, in a word. There is nothing unhumble about it. We aren't bestowing it upon ourselves. Few would take it to be anything more than that. It certainly shouldn't be taken too literally or assumed to mean more than it can.  




 If a law is wrong, argue against the law. Don't argue against the "morons" who get the 3 strikes in a system designed to enrich itself off their victimless, non-violent "offenses" with perpetual imprisonment - all under the bogus cover of morality and justice, etc.  




 Reading this whole thread make me miss Al *a lot*.  Wish you were here, Al!  Rest in peace. 




 He used to live in the Oakland Airport Hilton during the season. 




 There are many thousands rotting away in California prisons for similar "offenses", due to the 3 strikes legislation. 




 Yes, it is generally acting instead of thinking/reflecting/analyzing. We do best on the move when we can enjoy and manifest and take advantage of our intuition and instinct.  




 Check out Taoism. Alan Watts' writings are a good starting point.  




 Amen.  




 A copy of Kierkegaard's Fear and Trembling was sitting on the back of the toilet at my brother's place. Noticed it had a quote from a Dylan song on one of the first pages (from Highway 61). That was about 20 years ago. Was tranfixed with SK for a good decade. Have since moved on to other existentialists and Taoism most recently. It is the only real philosophy that touches everything in a person and elsewhere, because if the paradox and individualism and subjectivity of it all.  




 [Speaking of which, a proposal moving through Congress that rolls back protections for mobile home buyers would almost exclusively benefit Clayton Homes, a company controlled by billionaire Warren Buffett](http://www.publicintegrity.org/2015/05/18/17348/congressional-proposal-might-only-benefit-firm-was-subject-probe) 




 Don't just do something! Stand there! 









 Nobody here really believes Brady's story, so why are you surprised that Belichick wouldn't?  Biased reporting?  That would be beside the point. 




 Give us an example.  




 assumptions like what? i assume anyone tends to tell the truth more than politicians do. further, hersh has a record of single-handedly breaking some huge stories: my lai, abu garaib, etc., that were truer than any of the powers that be cared to admit.  




 yes, that's a good book too. 




 I'd much rather take Uber than any other type of taxi.  If you're trying to scare me into supporting the current price-gouging, protected-monopoly taxi companies, it's not working. 




 nbc and the nytimes have since corroborated it.  news in pakistan has corroborated it.  you really expect him to name the source?  now you sound like an administration spokesperson.  he names the source, the source spends the rest of his life in prison.  you want propaganda, watch "zero dark thirty", or try to make sense of the many various incomplete and contradictory explanations coming from the white house.  don't you think it's bizarre they never produced any photos of bin laden's body?  obama said that's because we don't "spike the football".  hogwash.  they released the video of saddam being hung, and guadafi being killed, etc.  the pictures don't correspond to their story, that's why they weren't released. 




 the government has taken those incentives away.  i'm currently unemployed.  it's not about more jobs or less jobs.  if it was, we could dig holes and fill them up.  "it" being standard of living.  the dollar used to go further (its value has been destroyed by the fed) - that is why women have to work.  that creates bubbles which all destroys the middle class.  government and banks have to get out of the way.  read irwin schiff's piece and check out fredric bastiat's "the seen and the unseen", and murray rothbard's "what has the government done to our money?"  very short and pdf's available online. 




 They only released this now to try to discredit Seymour Hersh's latest [article](http://www.lrb.co.uk/v37/n10/seymour-m-hersh/the-killing-of-osama-bin-laden) which undermines the administration's whole story about the killing of OBL. 




 Most all of that is natural gas/fracking (oil) jobs. 




 ok, but if you buy into that, you're saying that only the thieves and fascists and banksters can be productive or allow us to be productive.  this only empowers them more.  government produces nothing.  banks produce nothing tangible, and usually just figure out clever ways to spend other peoples' money.  nothing productive from the rich or the powerful.  money didn't give us the productivity in silicon valley.  ingenuity in garages, etc., did. 




 Reminded me of the smiling Taoist in 'The Vinegar Tasters'. 




 Read [this](http://freedom-school.com/money/how-an-economy-grows.pdf).  Some of the most fundamental things anyone could ever learn about money and economy.

Money has nothing to do with productivity, and really doesn't have anything to do with survival.  Also, people could create their own jobs.  They shouldn't have to depend on the government or someone else to do it.  Yes, in many ways the powers that be have turned the Western world into a debt-slave culture and a dependent economy and have made it harder to get by:  predatory lending, bubbles one to the next, discouraging savings, etc.  But they have made the problem, and can't be looked to for a solution.   




 If you eat sugary fruits (like pineapple) every day, you could gain weight.  




 One good thing about wind energy (and probably other renewable sources) is that it *doesn't* require as many jobs/workers as conventional energy, freeing people up to do more productive things. Productivity is what increases the standard of living, not the number of jobs.  




 just watched it - a couple things: 

the big mike was set up and never used. took up a lot if the frane. it also looked like it could have been pre-recorded. there weren't any long shots and ony one camera was used. it seemed like very different lighting too and a strange taping compared to usual musical performances on the show.  




 Two-dimensional = dystopia? 




 Easily The Road. 

Then

Atlas Shrugged. Heart of Darkness. Brave New World.  




 This post got me reading Cannery Row today. Excellent book. The Taoist undertones are pretty cool. I know Im going to devour all of Steinbeck's stuff now. Thanks! 




 Yeah, there's enough of a Cormac-worship circle jerk here anyway. It has taken on a life of its own. This post isn't necessary. That book was out years ago.  




 You and me both. The most overrated book of all time.  




 Does anyone here like the story in this book, or any part of the content, or is it just Cormac's writing style that gets you so excited? 




 They should have at least let him *try* a 15 yard extra point.  




 yeah, it's a load of crap.  




 The word is a symbol and a delight which sucks up men and scenes, trees, plants, factories, and Pekinese. Then the Thing becomes the Word and back to Thing again, but warped and woven into a fantastic pattern. The Word sucks up Cannery Row, digests it and spews it out, and the Row has taken the shimmer of the green world and the sky-reflecting seas. Lee Chong is more than a Chinese grocer. He must be. Perhaps he is evil balanced and held suspended by goodan Asiatic planet held to its orbit by the pull of Lao Tze and held away from Lao Tze by the centrifugality of abacus and cash registerLee Chong suspended, spinning, whirling among groceries and ghosts. A hard man with a can of beansa soft man with the bones of his grandfather. For Lee Chong dug into the grave on China Point and found the yellow bones, the skull with grey ropy hair still sticking to it. And Lee carefully packed the bones, femurs, and tibias really straight, skull in the middle, with pelvis and clavicle surrounding it and ribs curving on either side. Then Lee Chong sent his boxed and brittle grandfather over the western sea to lie at last in ground made holy by his ancestors.
    
Mack and the boys, too, spinning in their orbits. They are the Virtues, the Graces, the Beauties of the hurried mangled craziness of Monterey and the cosmic Monterey where men in fear and hunger destroy their stomachs in the fight to secure certain food, where men hungering for love destroy everything lovable about them. Mack and the boys are the Beauties, the Virtues, the Graces. In the world ruled by tigers with ulcers, rutted by strictured bulls, scavenged by blind jackals, Mack and the boys dine delicately with the tigers, fondle the frantic heifers, and wrap up the crumbs to feed the sea-gulls of Cannery Row. What can it profit a man to gain the whole world and to come to his property with a gastric ulcer, a blown prostate, and bifocals? Mack and the boys avoid the trap, walk around the poison, step over the noose while a generation of trapped, poisoned, and trussed-up men scream at them and call them no-goods, come-to-bad-ends, blots-on-the-town, thieves, rascals, bums. Our Father who art in nature, who has given the gift of survival to the coyote, the common brown rat, the English sparrow, the house-fly and the moth, must have a great and overwhelming love for no-goods and blots-on-the-town and bums, and Mack and the boys. Virtues and graces and laziness and zest. Our Father who art in nature. 




 Are we still expecting a refresh/release after Skylake comes out?  Are we still expecting a body redesign similar to the 13" anytime?

Recently got my MacBook Pro stolen, and am wondering if I should hold off and wait, or buy this one now.  I could wait 6-8 months if I was somewhat certain Skylake and/or a redesign was coming. 




  Remember Al-Qaeda in Iraq was ISIS before it was rebranded.

Well done.  But I don't get the above sentence.  This is saying that ISIS already existed.  Can you provide, or link to, some history or context on this?  When did the rebranding occur?  Was *this* ISIS also created by the CIA?  Thanks. 




 I think he's in the new Mad Max movie.  









 One of my favorites lyrically for sure.  




 I think his character is excellent. I love it when he gets so frustrated with Danny and yells fuuuuuck! 




 Kobe couldve had more if he could play with a team. Lakers fans will talk about those championships forever. They will hold them up like a shield against any mention of the present (and future) reality: "Yea, 5 rings. Let's give Kobe $48 mil because that makes perfect sense!!!" 




 They sure did. While the Black Mamba was playing video games with his game face on.  




 There is a difference between being a cellar dweller for decades, owned by Donald Sterling, and having one if the best records in the league over four years. (We have the third best record since Chris Paul got there for years ago.) Magic is trying to create some stigma that just isnt there. They bombed game 6 and 7, but to say that means they are the team they've always been is a freaking lie.  




 Charity = tax deduction, fyi 




 Sure, but that amendment isn't constitutional.   




 Doc already said they're offering DJ the max contract.  Said DJ really likes it there. 




 Kellerman, you've only been paying attention to the Lakers woeful season all the goddamn year, playing to the Laker market.  We don't care what you think. 




 I said the *taxation* part, not the *double* part.  But anyway, if something happens all the time, that doesn't make it constitutional, fyi. 




 The *taxation* part. 




 I was a fan of Showtime in the 80's (up until the Kobe era), but not a fan of Magic anymore.  This comment was clearly directed at the Laker fans who can't handle the Clippers success.  What's he talking about?  *Everything* about the Clippers has changed in the last few years.  If they don't win a championship, they're "cursed"?  Trying to define these guys by their past is beyond disingenuous, and he knows it. 




 If Magic hadn't been hanging out with Sterling's girlfriend, Sterling wouldn't have said those things about "black people", and wouldn't have been forced to sell the team.  We're having success today thanks to you, Magic!   




 Yeah, I like Corey Brewer too.  Him and Ariza.  Wish the Clips had them. 




 One of the two LA teams is living in the past, and it's not the Clippers. 









 So you're an existentialist then?   




 A lot of people say they want higher taxes, but none of them want to lead an organized movement to do so. And no change in policy is even required.  




 Why doesnt he put his money where his mouth is and pay more in taxes instead of hiding it in his foundation? No one is stopping him. The same goes for his buddy, Warren Buffett.  




 If I were Doc Id make dJ undergo hypnotherapy.  




 They arent trying hard enough. Gotta want it!!! 




 The league has to step up their fining of floppers, or the NBA is going to look like World Cup soccer before too long. 




 Yeah, Blake could shoot a little more, at least as his first option.  Back em down, and at least draw a foul. 




 Without Harden and his flopping, they're a respectable team.  I can't take Curry and Green.  Go Rockets, though I won't be watching. 




 It is only the media echo chamber.  None of them could answer that question.  That said, I think he's a pretty good coach.  Though I couldn't say why.  He gets out of the way and lets the players play.  He's a "player's coach".  But these guys needed some serious coaching.  They rely on talent, and that goes a long way.  But when push comes to shove, and the pressure is on, when they are psyching out, or not doing what they can do, they need some serious coaching.  Because they just seize up.  For starters, he should tell Blake to just back it down to the hoop every time.  He only drew one foul in the second half, and shot 2 free throws.  It's great that he scores almost 30 every night, but he could have 50.  But there are so many other things....  Basically, what does Doc do when the heat is turned up and the pressure is on? 




 In 2012-13 we had:
Matt Barnes /
Chauncey Billups /
Eric Bledsoe /
Caron Butler /
Jamal Crawford /
Willie Green /
Blake Griffin /
Grant Hill /
Ryan Hollins /
DeAndre Jordan /
Lamar Odom /
Chris Paul /
Ronny Turiaf /

Neil Olshey was the GM (now with Portland), and a good one.
But we also had Donald Sterling, and there has been a recovery period since he and Olshey left.  How did we lose a team with a the best bench in the league to get a team with one of the worst benches in the league?  We didn't play our cards right.

Ballmer, if you're reading this, please get us a good GM.  ASAP. 




 Step #1: Get a GM.  Doc can't do it. 




 I like him, but yes, we have to let him go.  Can't jump, gets his shots blocked always, commits silly fouls.  As much a liability as anything. 




 And Ariza.  He's been a stud since his days at the Lakers, who never should have let him walk.  How did the Clippers pass over him?

We have to sign players that don't have liabilities.  Except for DJ's free-throw shooting - that is about all we might be able to live with, especially if the NBA fixes that ridiculous rule in the off-season.  

Our prime search should be for a GM.  We had Olshey - now he's with the Blazers. 




 Big time wake up call.  As if Game 6 wasn't enough.  Doc can't be GM anymore.  Need a bench and some guys that can step up other than CP3.  Blake needs to get some attitude.  He should be getting 50/20/10 every night.  Where were Barnes/Crawford/Redick? 




 Yep, exactly. I like Doc but he cant be GM next year. 




 Neither 




 Yep. They tend not to see that banks, etc., are just as potentially evil.  




 2-bit philosophy: should humans have animal rights? 




 Before she died, she told them, "Over my dead body!" 




 ....with US help.  




 When Blake arrived.  




 And if the interaction *is* recorded, the officer still *may* be subject to a discipline process.  




 This guy is talking about a lot of things in a very helpful way to me. Im trying to write a comparitive paper about the Tao of "x" and even though it is all crystal clear in my mind the words and text are extremely difficult to put together. he's touching on a lot of the reasons why, reasons I hadn't thought of before.  




 The future is just as real as the present or the past.  




 "Primary?" You're making my point. No one is talking about primary.  




 To be brutally honest, you're not getting his point in the least.  




 When people aren't optimistic, it bums me out.  




 We arent optimistic or pessimistic. and you cant be/have one without the other. these are artificial labels we apply to things and to ourselves that obscure reality and communication. we should seek reality.  




 Any kind of law is a joke. Coercion, even if supposedly well-intended, makes a mess of things. Harmony should be the goal.  




 yeah that is what libertarians and some anarchists call the NAP. non-agression principle. dont mess with me or take my stuff.  




 The fact that immunity is even a question is one of the many things wrong with the police system in this country. 

Get rid of the police officers bill of rights for starters.  




 The title of the post is not true.  Further, Bob Dylan will appear the day *after* Vedder.

http://www.bobdylan.com/us/news/bob-dylan-perform-late-show-david-letterman 




 Some might, but it's dumb to think that's the only reason. Especially when politics is involved.  




 yeah i heard that. i think it was mentioned in one of the games, but not sure. ive liked ariza since he was with the lakers.  




 Right, though getting Big Baby makes me wonder.  He is a player with a lot of limitations.  Then he passed over Ariza and got Hawes, though many thought Hawes would contribute much more.  Ariza is a stud, and good at defense.  Would have fit in well.
 




 Yes, but Doc the GM is responsible for not having a bench that can be relied on.  




 He didn't just give them $75K out of the kindness of his heart.  What did he get in return? 









 Exactly. We have to close out games! We cant seize up and hope to run the clock out. We play better when we push the ball and create opportunities. We have talent, but we need to use it at will, not just whenever it happens. CP3 gets it.  




 Whatever happens this season, however it ends, Doc can't be GM next year. We need a reliable bench like what we had in 2013. 

I fault Doc for not telling the team that when something is working, do more of it. Like get it to Blake inside. They cant guard him with one man. Seems like after a while Blake starts passing too much. 

We also stopped pushing the ball in the 4th quarter. Went to a hesitant half-court game. 

This team needs to be able to finish off games. Hopefully this was a wake-up call, and not the end of the season.  




 he kills their offense because hes such a one man show. and always at the foul line or trying to draw fouls. no one else can get in rhythm.  




 Usually they are a 'rescuer' type looking to be needed, and misreading everything.  




 Lead with competence and by example. Dont lead like a mindless choleric.  




 it is more about harmony, which is something that prevents problems and doesnt exacerbate the ones that exist. if problems are attacked with force or good intentions they get worse. force itself is a problem. harmony is key.  




 Tim Donaghey talked to him a lot by phone during the game-fixing scandal, according to records. But Foster was never charged with anything for some reason.  




 Who are the other two?  I'm guessing Joey Crawford is one of them. 




 Because I don't enjoy his prose enough to read that much of it.  So I'm not going to call him pretentious based on that, and certainly not in the same way as Cormac.  Yet, at least.  For whatever reason, I gave Cormac much more of a chance, or chances.

Cormac is all about himself, not his writings.  They're so bleak because that's the best he can do.  The bleakness doesn't have any merit on its own.  How many times is he going to use the same adjectives, like "thin"? 

Far back beyond the mountain a **thin** wire of lightning glowed briefly.
"The last **thin** paring of the old moon hung over the distant mountains to the west."
"He lay on his back in the gravel, the earth's core sucking his bones, a moment's giddy vertigo with this illusion of falling outward through blue and windy space, over the offside of the planet, hurtling through the high **thin** cirrus. 
"The man sat watching the road, the weed stem twirling in his mouth and the the reed **thin** shadow of it going long and short upon his face like a sundial's hand beneath a sun berserk."

....for starters.  Goddamn it's painful just to read that here.  Totally self-absorbed, and unnatural, and necessarily repetitive.

Just because *The Road* makes you long for the end of the world, doesn't mean Cormac is skilled at evoking an end-of-days kind of feeling.  His writing doesn't *evoke* bleakness, it is itself bleak.  There is a big difference, which most can't distinguish.

If Cormac wants to make a tour-de-force, he should focus on his writing and let it speak for itself, not use his writing as a vehicle to say "look at me!".  Great writers disappear.  Every time we see missing punctuation in Cormac's text, we're distracted and reminded that it's all supposed to point to him.  Many people so badly want to believe that they willingly fall for this trick. 




 "It is a great adventure to contemplate the universe beyond (hu)man(ity), to think of what it means without man  as it was for the great part of its long history, and as it is in the great majority of places. When this objective view is finally attained, and the mystery and majesty of matter are appreciated, to then turn the objective eye back on man viewed as matter, to see life as part of the universal mystery of greatest depth, is to sense an experience which is rarely described. It usually ends in laughter, delight in the futility of trying to understand. These scientific views end in awe and mystery, lost at the edge in uncertainty, but they appear to be so deep and so impressive that the theory that it is all arranged simply as a stage for God to watch mans struggle for good and evil seems to be inadequate."  ~Richard Feynman 




 Exactly.  Some places the pedestrian legally has the right of way when they are dressed in black jumping out in front of buses at night.  Why would the pedestrian *want* the right of way anywhere but at a controlled intersection? 




 No. 




 Spectacular at being pretentious.  




 ....and look both ways before crossing the street - whether you are at a crosswalk or not. Why just assume people in cars would stop, especially when not stopping could kill you? 




 Cormac tries to damn hard, and it's obvious. He writes much more for his own recognition than for the story. 




 Hamburglar 




 Because they arent good writers. Because they are discussing things that havent been discussed much, if at all. Because they are writing usually for fellow academics. 

But it is primarily that they arent good writers. Some philosophers are excellent writers, like Kierkegaard.  




 They aren't equivalent. Drawing Muhammad isnt wrong in any other context. Saying nigger is wrong in any context, unless you're a black rap artist.  




 Not really.  Police shouldn't be in the business of rehab either.  I know it's good that this isn't news of another police shooting or abuse, but let's not go overboard.  Let me know when their police union is no longer advocating long prison sentences for non-violent "crimes" like drug use. 




 Just YAC, baby! 









 If he were really a rationalist he wouldn't wear his short-sleeved shirt over his long-sleeved shirt.  




 The People's Republic of Santa Monica.  




 Seymour Hersh is an American.  NBC has backed his reporting.  NY Times has backed a lot of it and said the rest is likely true. 




 You have to pay about 40% of what you earn to the government every year.  




 Data such as???  Magical revelation in a dream.  

If God manifests himself to you, you'll believe in him, regardless of what you think of free will, etc.  You won't really have a choice. 




 Well, he calls us his children, and calls himself our father.  I wouldn't say children and treating people like children trivializes their existence.  God himself tells us to be like little children all through the Bible.  

We certainly aren't capable of understanding the why of things even as adults.  This is obvious.  We are adults, but we still are finite and mistake-prone, etc.  

Christians have a lot of knee-jerk responses to this kind of thing that don't pass the slightest scrutiny.  They make declarations like it is sacred to be treated like an adult.  Who cares if you're treated like an adult if you have no way of seeing how he's treating you, hearing his voice, etc.?  Is the fact that he is so mysterious and so silent due to his desire to not be easy on us, to treat us like adults?  Whether he trivializes our existence or not is a ridiculous point and a trivial point.  Who cares if your existence is trivialized or not?  And actually, it is trivialized if you suffer and die within a half hour of birth - or a gazillion other examples.  Christians hang their hats on empty pronouncements like this.  Basically, it comes down to God says so, so it must be.  But any interrogation of it fails.  And their arguments are buttressed by their sheer emptiness and lack of relevance to anyone who hasn't already subscribed to their baseless points. 




 Is that faith based on the presence of God or the absence of God?  Does he make himself so obvious that we can't help but put trust in him?  Or is faith required because of his lack of manifestation? 




 Yes, but God is a loving all-knowing father, who created us.  So he's not just letting us learn on our own like an addicts parents or whatever.  If anything, since he's God, not a human, he should be even more obviously in our favor than any human analogy would describe. 




 Do you *choose* to believe the sky is blue?

What is the object of a person's faith?  What/Who is their faith *in*?  How do they know that object?  Through revelation.  If they have revelation, it isn't faith.

Your post isn't that substantive. 




 Appeal it on what grounds?  The Patriots didn't even cooperate fully.  That it was too harsh of a punishment?  Terrelle Pryor got five NFL games for trading his signature for a tattoo - in college.  They have no standing, and that is why they might to outside the league.

Another thing:  These guys didn't just deflate balls, they went into the referee's room and took the balls out to do it.  Not a gray area.  Not something that all the teams do.  Not equivalent to sticking the balls in front of a heater. 




 We'll never know.  Why not give another interview, especially if you're telling the public that you're cooperating fully with the investigation? 




 Right, I should say "the God of the Bible".  

Many here are talking about  the *concept* of god, which is difficult to discuss because it can mean literally anything imaginable and more, not necessarily a God who declares himself a loving Father, the Good Shepherd, etc., even though that's what they might really mean. 




 We don't have free will, if our apparent choices are limited by God and if we have no control over the consequences of those choices, etc.  Any choice is an illusion.  Reality occurs outside the concepts and words that fill our heads and with which we communicate.

Put another way:  We need omnipotence/omniscience to have free will.  There is no reason to talk about free will in such a limited world.  

(Just chiming in, not arguing with you.) 




 A Taoist would reply that good and evil are necessarily unified.  You can't have one without the other, and they are one and the same (yin yang).  Yet he would also say that good-evil is only an artificial concept that is applied to nature, not intrinsic to nature itself.  As such, it is an illusion and a deception to the degree that we assume otherwise.   




 Yes, it is *very* analogous.  The parent-child analogy is perhaps the most relevant.  Parents simply don't let their kids have choices, because they know better than to let the kid jump in the pool, or take the car for a spin at age 8, or whatever.  They aren't given free will because their parents love them and want to protect them from themselves.  

On the other hand, Christians say, "How great it is that we have free will and God loves us enough to not make us robots or slaves.  But, darn it, too bad Adam and Eve ate the apple and ruined it for everyone.  But that's what happens when you have the ability to make your own choices."  A loving father would never treat his children the way God treats his children.  He wouldn't make himself mysterious, unheard, confusing, leaving them to fend for themselves so they can learn the hard way, suffer, etc.  

But further, *we don't have free will*.  You don't have free will without omnipotence.  It isn't free will if your choices are limited by someone else, and the results and consequences of those choices are determined by someone else.  It is not free will to be given the choice to eat the apple or not eat it, or else....  What if you don't want to be forced to make that choice and don't want those consequences?  

Heck, is faith even a choice?  Do you choose what you believe?  And if you choose what you believe, is it really a choice if the consequence of not believing is eternity in hell? 




 Me too.  I laughed hard after Danny spotted Kevin watching him from his truck across from the gas station.  When Danny walked away, Kevin hit the ceiling of his truck and yelled, "Fuck!....Fuuuuuck!!!"  Hilarious. 




 The few. The proud. The Marines.  




 No way is it too harsh. Brady lied to everyone and tried to charm us into thinking he would never do such a thing. He didn't cooperate with the investigation. Neither did the Patriots. But they said they did. They have a culture of cheating and lying. 

They deserve whatever punishment they get. Goodell happened to get this one right.  




 Watch it again. He touched both hands to the ball before it was fumbled. 
Edit: No one even heard of the Tuck Rule until the next day. 




 Tom Brady denied it, lied to everyone.  He didn't cooperate with the investigation.  Nor did the Patriots.  Then they said they did cooperate.  He's a liar to his core.  (I remember when he lied about throwing the "tuck rule" fumble - he said he was passing it for Christ's sake.)

They deserve whatever they get.  Glad Goodell *finally* showed some testicular fortitude.  I was starting to wonder if he wasn't in some secret discussions with Brady's lawyers.

EDIT:  Downvote and run without a rebuttal if you can't handle the truth. 




 This is the *one* he got right.   




 He's "good" at it and the refs go for it a lot.  I wouldn't say it should be taught as a fundamental like dribbling, passing, or shooting.  It is the fault of the refs as much as anyone. 




 Maybe you are thinking too much. Like we all do. Use your intuition to see things as they are without putting a pre-established conceptual framework over it. Everything can be reduced to generalities, but only through our minds and the language they use. Most other people get caught up in this too, rituals, expected behaviors, habits, which doesnt help. Just remember, actual reality is not that way.  




 I agree, the way Barnes and Redick are playing him is most of it, but the Joey Crawford crew was calling all of that and more in game 2. 




 Now he can call Goodell a liar without getting suspended for 3 weeks. 




 Playing like that appears to be catching up with Harden.  When the refs don't call those fouls, it has to be embarrassing for him.  Messes up his whole mentality as a player when Option #1 doesn't work at all. 




 Check out the story of Judyth Vary Baker. 




 They developed this vaccine in response to the CIA trying to kill Castro with lung cancer.  He smoked cigars and this would allow the CIA plausible deniability.

Check out the story of Judyth Vary Baker.  She was recruited by the CIA to work on this cancer - the cancer, not the vaccine - secretly at the Roswell Cancer Institute and in New Orleans for Dr. Alton Ochsner (who was one of the first to connect smoking with lung cancer).  Baker developed a fast-acting cancer, testing it on mice, for the purpose of assassinating Castro.

In a related story, Jack Ruby (yes, the guy who killed Lee Harvey Oswald) died of lung cancer while in jail.  Toward the end of his life he was injected with large bore needles, and suspected they were giving him this cancer.  He was aware of the work going on in New Orleans.  Very soon after being injected, sure enough, he contracted lung cancer and died.  The CIA, et al, didn't want him to talk. 




 Why do we care what Kobe thinks? 




 Who were the other two teams? 




 All the time. People even say it about the people I draw. I couldn't care less.  
























