









 The flashback to the Trojan war sort of shows his beginnings 




 Bottom part is the Aeneid and the Odyssey, great classics 




 Wowsers.  Here's my own story chart in progress http://i.imgur.com/pOG1NNi.jpg 




 "I'm Always so on top of my game"

Haha 




 Notice how Matthew's character is afraid of time and the spaceship on the poster is like a watch/clock as it is a circle split up into 12 sections 




 Just realized that the ship has 12 different sections, not unlike the face of a watch 




 Thanks.  I'll give it a try soon 




 I'm playing through night 6 of FNAF 1 now and it's a lot of fun.  I like watching videos of people playing FNAF 2 but it doesn't look as cool and looks unnecessarily complicated.  Does anyone else feel the same way?  Or should I change my mind and give it a try? 














 I saw it at TCL Chinese Theater in Hollywood.  They started the film and it was playing upside down.  Took them 15 minutes to fix it 





























 For example, some horror movies have been ranked by which produced the highest heart rate (The Shining increases bpm by 28%) and some comedies are measured in "laughs per minute" (Airplane has 3 laughs per minute). 




 That movie is #8 top grossing all time (adjusted for inflation) and yet it's not on very many "top 100" lists at all. 




 Hooray 




 Surely you can't be serious 




 6th grade for me 




 The Lady Vanishes!  It's Hitchcock but no one ever seems to mention it.  I enjoyed it more than The 39 Steps. 




 What happened to Dr. Zhivago...?  Deleted comment, oops.  I liked that one more than Lawrence of Arabia 




 What we have here is a failure to communicate. 




 How are you so good at gardening?  It sure beets me 














 The Lady Vanishes 1938.  Proves that you don't need Hans Zimmer to get your mind blown. 









 I meant 2011 to 2014, sorry.  The Lego Movie is top-ranked so far this year.

Warner Brothers acquired Rotten Tomatoes in 2011, so those are the years in question. 









 http://youtu.be/e79SuHotazs 




 Yeah I know where you mean.  They have video cameras there?  I've never heard of any parks literally stopping a ride because of video cameras. 




 That's the bottom of the first drop... There ain't no brakes there 


































 The scariest monsters are the ones you don't see...

Some students and I made "The Haunting":
http://youtu.be/9p3ns6ryxJ8 

















































 Brilliant 




 Time to face the facts 




 Frazbear's Freight... look out for the Freddy train! 




 You've got me beat, dangit 




 School film contest 




 Noope 




 Nope 




 There's a link to merchandise on the right side of your page under "The Community" 




 It's Mr. Potato Head, Iron Man version, a.k.a Tony Starch 




 Play it on mobile and don't use headphones, it's less scary 




 That's a good point.  Do we know if anyone is possessing the suit? 




 Freddy Fazbear's Pizza does birthdays!  Reserve the party room! 




 I think "Freddy's: The Ride" would be awesome 









 wut 




 Yeah, Jaws also comes to mind as a good example.  Or some scenes in Close Encounters of the Third Kind. 




 I would be super tempted to eat it

And then you would have to send me another 




 It is about murderous animatronics but one of the reasons why it's so successful is no blood or violence is explicitly presented.   

In this article he talks about trying to keep it "relatively clean with no blood or guts" http://www.geeksundergrace.com/gaming/developer-spotlight-scott-cawthon/

This reserved approach to horror is rarely seen but super effective, I mean the only comparison I could think of is Alfred Hitchcock (who was Catholic) who made thrillers like Psycho and the Birds 




 What happened to just calling him Golden Bonny? 




 School in LA 




 I never noticed Bonny in/on the arcade machine before 









 Nobody is from California? 




 Here's my story chart http://i.imgur.com/pOG1NNi.jpg 














 What if the character can't go through the vents unless you forget to keep the ventilation systems online? 




 Well here it is in another song 20 years older https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEibygqqLZc 




 Best thing I've seen all day 




 The chord is a sample from "I Love You More" by George Duke 




 I'm a big fan (no, not like the one on the desk) and I've beat night 6 in both games.  However, none of my friends want to play it; they are either too scared or don't understand the concept.  How do you share this game with people?  What are your experiences with this? 




 Just beat it yesterday!  You can do it, the custom nights are worth it.  Wind up the box 4 twists at a time and shine the light for Foxy, those are the tips that helped me finish it 




 Why not just draw one card and use the color on that one to dictate 1-10 vs 11-20?  So you'd only need 4 cards 




 The cameras are definitely going to be in the game. 




 Yeah I did but the way you said that makes me think I didn't 




 Yeah but I don't use it very often 














 Love that new pain job 




 I'd like to think this is what the peeps are thinking in Roller Coaster Tycoon or Sim City 




 Gosh darn it 




 Three entrances, sorry. 




 Just noticed that in FNAF 1, there are 2 doors in your office.  In FNAF 2, there are 3 doors.  In FNAF 3, there is only one apparent door.  Chronologically, Scott is counting down 3, 2, 1... 
























 Made it myself, took me forever to figure out how to make a gif out of it 
























 1987! 




 I didn't know that's how ^how ^^you ^^^did ^^^^it 




 Everyone has been talking about WHO the killer is, but regardless of the killer's identity perhaps it is more important to ask WHY he killed the kids.

One possibility is revenge against the company.  Another possibility is that he is a psycho.  However, I think it is likely that the killer was attempting something beyond violence and horror.  

We've all seen real animatronics.  They are slow, clumsy, and artificial.  They are mechanical and impersonal.

What if you could create a human machine?  A robot with character?  What if you could give dead servos and metal beams a life?

Perhaps this is what the real killer was after.  They wanted to bring hope to a dismal restaurant.  They wanted to give the robots personality.  They wanted it to be a place where "fantasy and fun come to life".  

And what better to give a robot life than the soul of a child?  Curiosity, joy, energy...  It seems perfect.  And each kid would give his character some type of personality, and they would live forever.

"It is lamentable that mass agricultural development is not speeded by fuller use of your marvelous mechanisms. Would it not be easily possible to employ some of them in quick laboratory experiments... Countless uses will be made by future generations." 




 I live 15 min from Disneyland haha.  Gotta love Disney but there's still something creepy about all those smiling animatronics... 




 What if someone who doesn't know the game finds these actually scary? 




 How come Cedar Fair is into building double B M hypers at some of their parks? 




 I made a watercolor painting of that in high school, pretty much the exact same angle.  The double corkscrews over the ponds are pretty amazing. 




 Excellent 




 He means it is scary, not bad. 




 Good stuff! 




 I don't care if you're waiting for the 3rd game to come out today.  Maybe you're trying to keep everything under control on the subreddit.  Whatever.

One of my favorite albums is Daft Punk's 2005 "Human After All".  Listen to it to make your Friday better. http://youtu.be/wh6Vh0xL0uI


How does this tie in to the game?

1. Human After All - Even if you don't think that the robots in the game are haunted, they have many human qualities gamers have attributed to them.  Curiosity, anger, loneliness, suspicion, playfulness... Do they actually have personalities or is it nothing more than basic programming personified by our imaginations?

2. Prime Time of Your Life - Several children have been cut down in the prime time of their lives at Freddy's Pizzeria.  Listen to how this song starts out slow and fun, but then accelerates into a ridiculous frenzy.  It is over before you fully appreciated it.

3. Robot Rock - Fun to hear the robot voice evolve over the course of this song from a guitar to a voice distinctly saying "Robot Rock".  You can imagine all the robots jamming out to this one on the show stage.

4. Steam Machine - There's no way that the company is good after everything that they've tried to hide.  Fazbear Entertainment is a ridiculous excuse for a corporation, and yet they keep plodding forwards, mechanically wiping everything out of their way.  At the end of the song, it sounds like the whispering voice says "Fear Machine" instead of "Steam Machine".

5. Make Love - Probably represents that weird part of the fandom.  Toy Chica... yeah, never mind.  But on a better note, maybe this relaxed song is about the parents trying to move on without their children and let it go.

6. The Brainwasher - Killer track.  Imagine those hallucinations getting more and more intense as the robots get closer... are they messing with your mind?

7. On/Off  - Sounds like switching a television on and off.  Minor glitch in the system.

8. Television Rules The Nation - Closed circuit television rules the pizzeria!  You are in charge, and somehow the robot's behavior is affected by which cameras you look at and when.  However, this could be the robot anthem against the security guard... you might think television rules the nation, but we'll see who's in charge at the end of the night.

9. Technologic - Shut it.  Wind it.  Switch it.  Find it.  Check it.  Close it.  Quick, replay it.

10. Emotion - Pretty much sums up the whole game.  Do the robots have feelings?  What do they think when the clock strikes 6-o-clock and they realize their robotic programming has made them kill someone?  What do they feel when they get back in their places as the sun rises?  Do the families come back to look at the restaurant and remember?


Anyway, thanks for reading.  Rock on and relax and remember how great the other 2 games have been. 




 How can you tell? 




 What is it? 




 I wasn't sure where one act started and the other ends... So they just kind of fade into each other 




 Yeah I think so 




 True.  Fortunately a lot of people are posting links to more story structures so next time I can cover more 




 Sure thing 




 Haha the Double Shyamalan... classic 




 I know it's click bait but gosh dangit I put some work into it.

Unlike Buzzfeed or Upworthy or whatever. 




 For sure!  Next time 




 Including Campbell for sure next time!

Aristotle's Poetics is boss.  Not sure what part to put on the chart though. 




 Haven't seen the movie.  Take the run time and spread it along the length of the chart, then find events in the movie and see if they coincide with some of the story descriptions 




 You mean thesis, antithesis, synthesis?  That's a good one, I should add that 




 Wow, why have I never heard this before?  Awesomeness 




 True that.  A lot of my friends also finish something for the first time and then spend forever trying to sell it, instead of realizing that they can go back and write something new and better now that they have the practice. 




 I've seen some of Kurt Vonnegut's simple structures and I really like them (Boy Meets Girl, Man in Hole, Cinderella).  Not sure if I should draw all of them in or what though.

Definitely going to include Campbell next time around, some other comments pointed out that Campbell and Vogler aren't the same like I thought they were.

Russian stuff is great too.  Never would have found that by myself, thanks.  And holy cow, that search engine is ridiculous.  

One of the reasons why I made this chart is because it shows you that one "structure" obviously doesn't have it all.  Learning from all of these and then borrowing what you can is great.  Personally, I think it's kind of hard writing from a formula, which is why I use this chart mostly for analyzing other stories and not when I'm writing my own.

I love what you said about vignettes/sequences.  If you think about it, you could shrink this whole chart down and then repeat it several times within a movie.  So we might have several separate quests within the overall journey and it will still be interesting to the audience 




 I really hate using computer software if I could be physically drawing it myself, but maybe I'll give it a shot. Any idea what software I should use?  Photoshop? 




 That's true, it is definitely not exhaustive.  These are just some popular ones in America.

What are some examples of foriegn storytelling that I should include next time?   




 That sounds awesome, thanks.  I'll be sure to include him in the next version of the chart.

 I like how he puts focus on ending your story well, because it's very easy to have a great opening and then not know where you're going. 




 Thanks for reading 




 Thanks for reading! 




 Sure thing 




 You're welcome! 









 Are teh same person 




 What game do you play solely for the purpose of how hilariously unpredictable the program is?

My favorite is Backyard Skateboarding from 2004.  Flying through walls, falling into the sky and having your character turn into a mangled ball are all common occurrences. 




 In one single shot, straight from the beginning? 




 Pride and Prejudice for days 




 I've only been here a week so it's kinda hard to keep up.

I've brought this theory up a few times and people say it's "likely", but to me it seems pretty obvious to me that the shadow ghost from FNAF 2 is a hint to the next game. 









 Makes me wonder though. http://i.imgur.com/nB83X7J.jpg 




 I know there's only a few interviews with Scott Cawthon out there, but what are your favorite quotes from him?

Here's mine from the IGM interview, Scott is responding to why the animatronics in the game rarely move:  "Thats one of the things that makes these 'creatures' so scary in real life. If youve ever been to an animatronic show at a theme park or a restaurant, they can be creepy when they move, sure. But its when they are turned off that the veil is lifted, and you realize that they were never alive. They are, and always have been, dead." 




 I think the hilarity of what you're talking about is that the game is an innocent concept gone wrong, and for some reason, everyone in the fandom has tried to put it back to normal. 

 So now we're at a place when everything seems so stupid because Bonnie, Chica, Foxy and Freddy are so familiar to us in their happy cute cartoon forms.

Until you open up the game and play it again, which is when you realize that metal sculptures left in a pizzeria at night are moving towards you for mysterious reasons.

Scott said it best in the IGM interview: "Animatronics can be creepy when they move, sure. But its when they are turned off that the veil is lifted, and you realize that they were never alive. They are, and always have been, dead." 




 Do you think it is likely that Shadow Bonnie is Salvage?  What else is it supposed to be? 




 Salvage obviously looks old and withered.  The 3rd game takes place 30 years later, so do you think that he could get that old and withered in 30 years time?

He obviously wasn't created after the pizzeria in FNAF1 shut down, and he wasn't pieced together from the remains of others since the Steam description says the animatronic was discovered, not built.  So he's been around.

What if he was in the first game.  What if he was the one creeping around, writing messages on the walls and on the backs of the signs...

WHAT IF SALVAGE HAS BEEN THERE THE WHOLE TIME

P.S. has it been confirmed if Shadow Bonnie from FNAF 2 is actually Salvage?  The teeth look similar.  If so, that would confirm his presence in both games. 




 Made it to 5 AM before power shut out, does that mean I'm getting closer? 




 Had this happen to me on mobile.  Had to put down the phone and look away 




 Bought it, there's a link on the side of this page, it's under "The Community" 





























 That's awesome!  Amazing how close they are, besides the shakiness! 




 I wish they could have a continuous POV.  Maybe it is possible to edit one together using the footage from the video? 




 Instant teleportation!  /r/fivenightsatfreddys 









 That thing is going fast 




 It really should end Looney Tunes style with him falling through the hole he sawed 




 Sure thing, good luck 




 Uppercase S right? 




 Hey it's only giving me email and Steam options, tell me how to fix this.

Do you have a really cruddy email?  Just make a fake account dude 




 Ok hang tight 




 Whats your email or steam account 




 Gettin close again, 1141 




 If anyone really really doesnt have any money message me

EDIT: Alright I'm gonna try and get it to whoever already asked me but I'm not gonna take any more requests 




 Find a computer that works!  If you have a mac get Wine or Crossover! 




 How do I play the demo?  Can anyone link me? 




 This was like a robotic Ecclesiastes  




 Think of eternity less as an infinite extension of time but rather as getting rid of time.  That's nice 









 My reaction was similar because I didn't think people actually rode on real log flumes.  But they did, and it must have been awesome. 




 I heard that it hearts real bad but it kind of looks fun to ride. 














 Really enjoyed it every time I rode it.  The standup experience was very neat 




 Wow!! 




 Glad you liked it! 




 Thank you 














 What on earth 




 Stories of game experiences or nightmares!  Always funny 




 Once we played a version of FNAF 2 in real life.  A person sits in a chair in a dark basement and people with masks on start appearing and closing in from all sides.  The thing is, we could all end the game very easily by being super aggressive but that would totally ruin the suspense.  It is more fun to watch them swing the flashlight from side to side hoping to stay alive! 




 He didn't like the first game but he enjoyed the second one. 




 Honest criticism is the best policy.  People shouldn't be afraid to state what they believe about a game because it may help the creator move forwards in the right direction. 




 Old switchback railways used to be like that, right?  A bench that you would sit outwards on 




 Yeah, here it is http://youtu.be/q-8QaN2Kpx0 









 This is my favorite memory from riding it the first time.  Crazy how the anticipation is overwhelming the first time but now you can go back and just enjoy it. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hG2T_uYDMeM 




 I love Magnum!  Still gives Millennium a run for its money, especially with shorter run times. 




 But I love getting beat up on Ghost Rider 









 Brilliant 




 "I'm afraid I can't do that..."

Is that HAL 9000 speaking? 




 Brilliant 




 Did you try the back seat?  Either side is a real trip over that first drop. 




 Source https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1wBDxez9H0 









 Next Smike video:  Top Ten Scott Trolls 





























 Holy cow!  What are your favorite parts about it?  I saw it once and I didn't plan on seeing it again 




 I think the best way to listen to this album is exactly as the title suggests:  on random!

For some reason I get tired listening to the album in the proper order.  I simply expect and anticipate which song is coming next.  Partially because there is long silence between the songs.

However, putting it on random not only surprises me with which songs come on the stereo but also with how they sound.  Songs that I got used to after a long time sound fresh and different.

I like listening to their albums usually all the way straight through but with RAM I get tired of the general arc.  The album progresses from disco songs about the dance floor, loneliness, weariness, and sadness (the party lifestyle) to songs about hope, looking beyond, and rising above the world (the transcendent lifestyle).  At least that's the way I see it.  And it's a good arc, but it all seems divided right down the middle by "Touch" and I get the general flow of both sides of the record after a while.

So anyway for me putting it on random gives it a new spin.

I'd love to hear other people talk about how they listen to the music and what sort of themes they see in the different albums. 




 Wow that's sweet! Did you make that just on your phone?  There's an app for that, right? 




 I think it's hard to say if a film is rewatchable when it just came out last year.  How many times have you seen Captain America: Winter Soldier?  North by Northwest is my favorite rewatchable film personally and I've seen it about ten times.  My second favorite is Raiders of the Lost Ark and I've seen it about eight times.  It helps that those movies are from a long time ago, because any instant "cool" factor or shock value they could have had back then is long gone, leaving only the heart and integrity of the movie. 




 Pulp Fiction doesn't rely entirely on the "wow" factor of intertwining stories, although most Christopher Nolan movies do.  I wish Christopher Nolan had more moments that were interesting in themselves, not just interesting in how they play into the rest of the movie.  For example, the toaster pastry scene in Pulp Fiction is very clever and something that you would have a hard time finding in a Christopher Nolan movie.  Nolan has a hard time just letting a moment relax by itself; even the neat hallway rotating scene in Inception is intercut with several other scenes to increase the "impact" in a very unnecessary way.

I feel like Nolan is a Sundance director on steroids.  He focuses mostly on characters and initial shock value to please his audience.  Thus his movies get a lot of buzz on release but have a harder time remaining relevant and enjoyable over time. 




 I watched this movie at the Chinese Theater a week after it came out and they started playing the IMAX film upside down.  It was pretty hilarious, especially after a spiel about how Christopher Nolan had personally examined every frame of the film.   




 For starters you should read the full chapter of "Autobiography of a Yogi" that Scott is quoting from.  I wonder if the words missing were omitted on purpose or were just garbled up in the static of the night 5 phone call.  Anyway the whole chapter is really interesting because it mentions how everything has a "life force" including metals and plants... perfect evil scientist material.  

I wonder if the purple Freddy suit is a metaphor for the Golden Freddy suit when it was/is inhabited by the purple man.  I'd imagine that he cannot dismantle or disarm the robots while in the suit and so he leaves it for greater mobility, speed, and motor skills.  The reason why he goes to the safe room is so that the robots will give up pursuit and turn around, giving him a chance to attack from behind.

The newspaper clippings from the first game are really interesting too, that's what got me started on the "mad scientist" theory.  Here was a post I made on the subject a while ago: http://www.reddit.com/r/fivenightsatfreddys/comments/2wh7qu/why_did_he_kill/

I want to beat the secret mini games for myself but I haven't done that yet.  I don't understand why giving the dead kids cake helps free them...  Every mini game takes place in the perspective of either a robot or a previously-robot dead kid, so it tells us how the robot characters see the world and interact with it.  Maybe the "glitches" represent some sort of supernatural transcendence... like the robots have to go to the underworld to save the kids or something. 




 I think the Night 5 secret call is helpful:  

"It is lamentable that mass agricultural development is not speeded by fuller use of your marvelous mechanisms. Would it not be easily possible to employ some of them in quick laboratory experiments... Countless uses will be made by future generations."  

So there's "potential" for these robots besides being basic animatronics.  

Maybe he takes the robots apart in the mini games because he feels guilty and afraid of his creations and hopes to put them to rest.  Unfortunately, the souls of the kids refuse to go away and he ironically is forced into the suit.

As for why the souls don't leave the animatronics, I think of the classic ghost cliche of improper burials and unnatural deaths leading to hauntings.  Think "Poltergeist" -- ghosts haunting a house because it has been built on their burial grounds.  So when he takes apart the animatronics, the animatronics are no longer coffins for the kids.  They are free, but in the "Bad Ending" they still haunt the area and only in the "Good Ending" are they free from Freddy Fazbear's.

As for how the marionette fits into all of it, you've got me beat. 




 I always thought that he was attempting to give the animatronics life by killing the kids.  What if he isn't against the company but is actually trying to make more money by creating robots with personality? 









 I love that one the way it currently is too... I guess I am a sucker for the classic woodie experience and I don't want it to be replaced everywhere. 




 I love that one as it is and hope they don't change it 




 A friend sent me this website and I couldn't believe that I had never heard of it before!  I love his attention to detail and psychological analysis. 









 I didn't take the beef jerky.  I paid for the two cookies, the first one had gotten stuck! 









 Why and how 




 I left the jerky in the machine because I felt guilty 









 I do :( 














 Throw down for what? 




 Bump what? 









 For some reason I thought it was the Blue Ball Machine music at the beginning https://youtu.be/KVdqwD_bcPs?t=1m14s 




 This is why movies should use more practical effects and miniatures 




 So great 




 Also doesn't help that many of the heads are now looking at you 




 I still think that's the scariest part of the whole series.   














 I was 5 and I thought Thunder Mountain Railroad was just another train ride.  Boy was I wrong! 




 I've beat every other mode on mobile but Golden Freddy mode is practically impossible.  Toy Bonnie and Foxy are the ones that get me every time, one or the other... 




 I like that movie a lot 




 3spoopy5me 




 "You watch robots.  Robots watch you." 




 Go Biola 




 Really glad I got to ride it 




 You can open the reboot panel and close it, Foxy is not triggered until you turn back to the right 




 It's fake 




 That's awesome! 




 And he's looking right at me the whole time.  Great 




 I always hate trying to find him when it's just an arm or a leg in the far corner of the screen 




 What did the tickets look like? 




 "I was saved..."

Someone should make a post about the theology of FNAF sometime haha 





























 I might be underestimating the price a bit, but yeah buy a small or used set for starters.  Cheaper than Lego, that's for sure. 




 Repost 




 Probably $180 for 4 sets.  Rocket Boost Roller Coaster is the best bang for your buck in terms of track pieces

 









 Warner Brothers is possibly doing an FNAF movie 









 That was great 




 The ride has an automatic shutdown if measured wind speeds are too high 




 That was beautiful. 




 I made a video in Santa Monica once and everybody online says "Oh my gosh!  The beach from GTA V!"  Haha, I wonder how many real-world things people are introduced to in video games. 









 What if we could go all the way from 1% screenshot to 100% screenshot? 




 https://xkcd.com/1373/ 









 Yes I think he says that in the description.  He points out that the main difference is that his model's lift wheel is hollow, allowing the track to pass through it 









 Sick reference bro 




 Isn't every color section 50 feet high?  That's what my dad told me.  




 Isn't the same true of amusement park attractions?  Most accidents are user error, operation error, or mantainence error.  Very few times is it the fault of the machine. 




 Right, that's what I meant.  Sorry used a double negative in that last sentence 




 Beautiful 




 I love ending movie scenes where the camera dollies out.  Great way to close 




 A helicopter is probably less safe because of wind and how close the helicopter would have to get to the tower.  Plus it's more expensive 









 With a drone.  The guy's YouTube channel is sweet https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVh4MBwjxHFc2Wvz_n3fQww 









 My friend works the drop tower ride at Knott's and has to keep an eye out for falling cell phones during the entire ride operation.  Says it hurts his neck after a while! 




 They used a drone for this video but I wonder what a helicopter would have looked like.  Probably couldn't have safely got as close to the tower as the drone 




 Geez that's crazy how most of the incidents are on towers less than 300 feet high.  Maybe because there are more towers in the US around that height but still it doesn't seem like higher height doesn't mean more injuries. 




 You can tell if a shot is a zoom in/out if the background and foreground change at the same rate.  If background is staying the same but the foreground is changing, it is x-axis camera movement.  Only exception is when you combine movement and a zoom, when it is possible to make the foreground stay the same while the background changes. 




 It's a clear signal that he loves his job 









 Definitely not 









 Nice.  Bummer about Amazon 









 Thanks!  But when you say that cinema evolves... I know that different aspects of the presentation change, but overall I would say that the standards for a great movie have changed very little over the past 100 years. 




 I get that all the CDs below Discovery are the singles but why are there two Human After All CDs? 




 I made a response below to user "andupitt" about the psychiatrist scene, can you check it out?  Sorry it's pretty long 




 Thank you sir.  It hasn't ever been posted to Reddit that I know of, so no, it's not a repost.  Though I did make the original Imgur post in January.

Have a good day 




 I think that the final psychiatrist scene in Psycho is crucial, because it offers the audience the false hope of fully explaining the plot.  It gives the audience a chance to laugh at themselves and relax, convinced that the whole ordeal was simply an illusion... only to find themselves face to face with the gruesome reality after the psychologist is done.

Using Hitchcock's roller coaster metaphor, the entire movie is a ridiculous roller coaster that leaves the entire audience out of breath.  If you cut out the psychiatrist scene, you cut out the brake run and dump the audience off in the station before they've even got their wits back.  It would be like hitting a brick wall while going sixty miles an hour.  So the psychiatrist scene slowly brings the audience's energy from sixty miles an hour down to a slow crawling speed for a minute, and then gives them one last jerk as the train comes to a stop and we see Norman's face superimposed with the skull/car.

The same rules apply for movies and roller coasters: you want to push the boundaries as far as they can go, but you want to keep people reasonably comfortable in the process.  Unlike roller coasters, movies won't kill audiences if they are designed poorly, but it's important to remember that you never want to leave a bad taste in people's mouths.  While modern directors like to end a movie right when the audience is still on the edge of their seats (Nolan's Inception is a good example), I kind of admire the classic directors who were able to use their filmmaking power to efficiently guide an audience in and out of an intense movie.

Also, Hitchcock considered the psychiatrist scene one of his "icebox scenes".  His theory was that when moviegoers come home, they are inevitably going to grab some snacks from the fridge and talk about the movie for a bit.  This scene gives moviegoers something to talk about, or at least a springboard for understanding the rest of the movie.  It's the old "audiences are stupid" scene that Hitchcock was fond of; it explains the plot of the movie so that viewers can't complain afterwards about the its logic but can just talk about their favorite parts of the story.

If you think this scene really is bad let me know, but for me it's one of my favorite scenes in the movie because of the delicious irony of "modern" psychology attempting to explain what almost seems to border on the supernatural.  My non-film roommate enjoyed the movie and said afterwards, "Isn't it nice that they explain everything for you?"  I had to laugh because the scene hardly explains anything.  Other similar dissonant ending scenes would be the "isn't nature beautiful" helicopter ride at the end of Jurassic Park or the nonchalant "we've got top men working on it" government scene from Raiders of the Lost Ark.  These scenes tie up the pretty little bow of the story all too neatly, making the audience want to watch it again and get to the heart of what the movie was really about. 




 I just watched Clue last night and I was surprised that pretty much the whole movie is the characters verbally explaining the plot.  Almost scene was them talking about either the backstory of the movie, what had just happened in the movie or what was going to happen in the movie. 














 So behind your back is actually in front of your face 









 That's true. The first game is still the creepiest for me just because it's harder to keep track of four animatronics than just one.  Also the first game is the only one with doors, which gives you that false sense of security, while the other two games keep you on edge almost constantly and thus have less suspense 




 I like his videos cos they are better tan every sin else on the internet 
























 Where?? 




 Which is why the Bible verse is "I will remove your sin from you as far as the east is from the west" and not "as far as the north is from the south".  I'd like my sin further away than 7,918 miles, thanks. 




 Last part of Human After All 




 Doooo bow ba dowwww... doooo bow ba dowwww

By the way the fuzzy noise in the background always sounds like it is jumping up and down octaves but I can never tell. 




 Must have been capitalized on one of the lists.  My bad. 




 Top grossing all time adjusted for inflation, AFI top 100, Reddit 100 years of cinema, Rotten Tomatoes top 100, and Sight and Sound top 50 









 X-Iron Steel Hawk Dragon Force 




 Try sitting on the far sides of the car 




 Are the explicit parts of the voice acting really necessary? 




 "I once made a movie, rather tongue-in-cheek, called Psycho. The content was, I felt, rather amusing and it was a big joke. I was horrified to find some people took it seriously. It was intended to make people scream and yell and so forthbut no more than screaming and yelling on a switchback railway (rollercoaster). I'm possibly in some respects the man who says in constructing it, 'how steep can we make the first dip?' If you make the dip too deep, the screams will continue as the car goes over the edge and destroys everyone. Therefore you mustn't go too far because you do want them to get off the switchback railway, giggling with pleasure." - Alfred Hitchcock in a 1964 interview 




 They all set up environments through editing, better than many feature films out there.  Freiheit, 1:42.08 (A Boy and His Car), and 6-18-67 all have very unique environments thanks to attention to detail with vision and sound. 




 Call me crazy but I like Temple of Doom more than The Last Crusade and almost as much as Raiders 




 Temple of Doom raft fall is pretty ludicrous and happens very early on. 




 "What we're doing here, really, is just designing a ride at Disneyland."

Twenty years later it was a ride at Disneyland.  I'm not sure why Spielberg keeps talking about Disneyland because this plot seems far grittier than the other Disneyland rides. 




 He was a great director when he filmed THX 1138 and American Graffiti.  Also the USC shorts he directed are very well done. 




 The first movie had a scene with a spooky car "graveyard" but ultimately it got cut. https://youtu.be/Wzkq6UFsEV8?t=59s 









 A lot of people at my film school don't understand this 









 I think a lot of thoughts like that.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U6y7YOlldek 














 Have you tried the back seat?  Pretty insane on that first drop. 




 Also, watch POV videos online and imagine you're riding it.  Maybe do other activities like biking or rollerblading that involve sudden direction changes.  Learn about the physics of inertia, acceleration, weightlessness, and then maybe the rides will be less threatening if you know what's happening to your body. 




 Start small and work your way up!  Also, keep your eyes open and relax.  If you want a less intense ride, sit in the middle of the train as the front will go faster into hills and the back will get pulled over the hills faster.

I've ridden every coaster at Cedar Point except for Jr. Gemini and they are all great.  Pretty sure everyone here can give you lots of information on the park if you need it.  Try the wooden roller coasters first; they are less sickening than Corkscrew or Gatekeeper or Mantis (rougarou) because the transitions are less intense.

I actually puked last time I went to cedar point because I rode the Skyhawk swing ride twice after breakfast.  Sudden acceleration and deceleration on a full stomach is dangerous... So take time to digest, haha.

What was the roller coaster you puked on? 









 I really want to experience that turnaround now.  I love specific breakdowns of rides, thanks. 




 Volume at full blast in my university's student union building.  Thanks 




 You wouldn't do that, would you? 




 3deep5me 




 How long can you survive in FNAF without dying?  Start with a new game file and work your way up from the beginning.  Continue to night 6 and 7 if you make it that far!

My personal record on mobile is Night 6, 2 AM.

If someone was able to complete all 7 levels in one go that would really be something.  If this catches on we should keep a High Score list on the side of the sub for FNAF 1, 2, and 3 on PC and mobile. 









 Thats actually pretty clever 




 Id like to think its molding a mini planet and no one can see it 




 Right, that's it 




 I was gonna say that haha 




 There's one scene where Dave plays chess with HAL 9000 and the computer makes a very slight error in its assessment of the game, hinting at the fact that HAL is malfunctioning. 




 2001 A Space Odyssey 




 Can't wait to hear the rest of Bluescovery 




 I was thinking about this today.  In the first game, the animatronics get directly in your face only when you die.  In the second game, the old ones are in front of your face almost every time you put down the monitor, and in the third one the hallucinations are always jumping right on you.  So the first one is the only one where there is the legitimate suspense of hoping to avoid that dreaded face to face encounter. 




 Absolutely, best moment in the series 




 Now we know how Scott feels when people ask for FNAF 4 




 A short comic?  This is pretty elaborate!  Awesome! 














 Haven't tried that.  I tried using the YouTube stabilization but I didn't like the way it looked.  Next time around I will try using a lower frame rate and I'll take more time positioning the camera. 




 I took still frames from a video of me slowly moving the camera along the track.  If I did it again I would use 15 fps not 30 and I would take the pictures on "set" instead of grabbing them in post 
























 And no matter how much you've read up on the game or seen the videos, nothing really prepares you for playing it yourself. 




 I got to play the 3rd one thru night 5 with no information.  That was special.

However I will never forget the first time I played FNAF 1.  I had heard about it online but wanted to give it a shot.  I got my siblings and cousins together, who had never heard of it, and sat them in the basement watching me on the iPad.  We all screamed and jumped when Bonny showed up at the door for the first time.  

Over the next few days we took turns playing to see if we could make it through to night 5.  I think we got to 4.

Anyway play it with friends, makes it more fun and less scary!  Also you can turn the sound down when you don't want the jumpscares to be so intense. 




 Yeah, dangit.  I'm 20.  Although I didn't realize most of the people on here are younger than me 




 The eyes are so wierd, how does Chica have narrower eyes in some pictures and wider eyes in others?  The eyeball isn't being covered up, it seems to be changing size itself.

Anyway some more things to look into:

- flashing Freddy eyes (morse code/binary?)

- Animatronic glitch timing (morse code/binary?)

- the static between games

- Weird static/distortion that follows you when you turn your head in the office - watch the pixels on the desk

Keep up the good work 









 Hey can someone check the flickering light of Freddy's eyes?  It might be morse code or binary or something. 




 I didn't grow up with a console, but I played a lot of PC games like Backyard Baseball, Backyard Skateboarding, Locomotion, RCT, and I Spy Treasure Hunt.  Always feels good to go back to those 




 My sister and I loved the DS version of Yoshi's Island!  I will have to try the original now.

Also that gaming conference looks like a lot of fun. 




 I love this type of documentary, does anybody have any more that are about the beginning of roller coasters? 




 Mario Kart (Double Dash, DS and Wii U)
Five Nights at Freddy's (all 3 but 1 is the best)
Canvas Rider (free online)
Retry (iPhone)
Super Mario Galaxy 2

Basically anything simple a kid could play but it has that extra challenge if you want it
 




 The one muffin says to the other one, "Woah, a silent muffin!" 




 I wrote a paper this semester on Five Nights at Freddy's, no regrets 




 Either side in the back is great 




 Nobody could reproduce, because there would only be one sex 




 Posting on a social media account that is not yours 




 Nice 




 Thought you guys might like this!

I'm a junior (third year) at college and I wrote my analysis paper on Five Nights at Freddy's.  My teacher said she never had a student include a video game as a source before but for some reason she let me do it.

If you're going to read it I have to add that the college is a private Christian school so naturally there's several biblical allusions.  Also, it's not perfect and there are some mistakes.

Here's a link: http://www.docdroid.net/10rk1/fnaf-paper.pdf.html

Student Readers Summary:  In the original order, man is above all creation but falls short of divinity.  Frankenstein portrays a terrifying farce in which this order is disrupted and man creates new life.  5.N.A.F. tells a similar story in which robots are animated via dead children.  Both stories horrify because even the most successful attempts at creating life fall terribly short, and offend the humanity of the audiences.  We are not the sources of life, and in fact need God to supply our own life.  

TL;DR:  Humans are incapable of creating anything greater than or equal to themselves, and any living thing created solely with human hands is doomed to be a monster. 




 Reminds me of the Cyclone at Lakeside! 




 I want to get off Mr. Bones' Wild Ride 




 Jupiter is EA main server

Got it 




 I love that one 









 Agreed! 




 I think it's too exaggerated, even though it's not that different. 




 Yes and it made me jump inside 




 Homework 









 Discovery 




 /r/hailcorporate 




 Two levels with spinning wheels to boost cars.  Both levels are powered by the same set of D batteries 




 At 2 seconds there is a gray vertical loop 




 There's a loop 




 Done!  I like that sub a lot 




 There's a loop 




 There's a loop 




 The suspense is killing me 









 Here's the video:

https://youtu.be/h72naGGA1iY

Anyone else do this?  It can be frustrating at times but it's rewarding in the end. 




 I like to make other people laugh but when someone else makes a joke, they all turn and look at me and wait for me to laugh.  I rarely laugh unless something is totally random or unexpected. 














 Die Coasters are fairly uncommon for obvious reasons 




 Hey guys!  Foxy is a good guy! 




 I heard that the elevator cables can bunch up and slow your descent at the bottom.  Also a rapid descent can build up compressed air in the lower part of the shaft, further slowing the elevator. 

https://web.archive.org/web/20060317041607/http://www.guinnessworldrecords.com/content_pages/record.asp?recordid=53746 




 Chess isn't that much harder to teach someone than checkers.  Rules are still fairly simple. 




 Found it 




 http://youtu.be/agvt2eX-LZM 




 I doubt the movie deal is fake.  Big trade papers like the Hollywood Reporter aren't going to make that up.  http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/heat-vision/video-game-five-nights-at-787061 
























