 I think the monkeys at the zoo should have to wear sunglasses so they can't hypnotize you. Jack Handy 




 Raiders of the Lost Ark when Indy completely destroys the Egyptian temple containing the Ark.  Any scene in Goldeneye with Natalya because it reminds me how many times she walked into gunfire in the Control level of the game.  In the beginning of The Burbs where Walter trains his dog to shit on Rumsfield's lawn.  




 Knights of the Old Republic 2 




 Heath Ledger - Brokeback Mountain
Charlie Chaplin - The Great Dictator
Alec Guinness - The Bridge on the River Kwai
Pacino - And Justice For All
Willem Dafoe - Platoon
Tom Cruise - Tropic Thunder
 




 If you ever travel back in time, don't step on anything because even the tiniest change can alter the future in ways you can't imagine. 




 Kurt Russell 





























 Amazing what bullies will do if they think that no one will fight back:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o07ecRzkLuM 









 Weird Science, 
Sneakers, 
A third Gremlins movie 




 Turtle Rock, The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past 




 KellyHopkinsville encounter, I doubt alien contact but this seems to be the most legit.
 
























 The first 10 minutes of Raiders alone blows away every other movie in the genre. 




 Raiders of the Lost Ark 




 How does this game not have a sequel?  Car Built for Homer was my favorite car in the game. 




 As long as you keep gambling you can pretty much do whatever you want. 




 Indecipherable Captcha Man 





























 Drinking out of a Snapple bottle with a bendy straw. 




 Points a rocket launcher at one of the most important artifacts in history to try to save his ex girlfriend. 




 The Burbs 




 You will never get car jacked. 




 Big Fish flowers scene

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yVlPGdAKw2Y 




 Bad quality, but The Simpsons did a perfect parody of it:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AHec0SO_u5g 
























 The Evolution of God.

http://www.amazon.com/The-Evolution-Back-Readers-Pick/dp/031606744X 




 At the end of The Burbs, it is revealed that the Klopeks were actually innocent and never killed anyone. 




 God I miss Steve Langford and his huge penis. 




 Sour Shoes? 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19MEv8isbR0 




 Airport works but make sure you have your story straight just in case the guards/police question you (pick a plane and a location, make up some story about picking someone up/missing your flight).    





























 No singing tree? 




 Howard Stern stayed on air that day long after his usual sign off.  His two following shows on 9/12 and 9/13 really were just as important.  A large part of the Stern Show is that regular employees become "characters" on the show, almost like a reality show.  The 9/12 and 9/13 shows told the various experiences the staff had in the wake of the terrorist attacks, from Robin having to hitch a ride with Scott the Engineer to try to get home, Bababooey trying to get home and explain to his young kids what exactly happened, Stuttering John leaving to go pick up his kids from their school because other children were being evacuated to his kid's school, Doug Goodstein using his press creds. to go down to lower Manhattan to make sandwiches for the rescue workers, etc.    




 Frank Drebin: Oh, and one more thing... I faked every orgasm! 




 Brando - "I am going to make him an offer he can't refuse." 




 Disturbia  
























 Buzzkill.  The second skit where they pretended to be a spring break shuttle for college students, then pulled over and pretended to rob a store.  This was before the CKY videos and Jackass, the third skit where they pranked MTV really made the show cutting edge. 




 Magneto and Professor X - X-Man First Class.  Paul Rudd and Jason Segel - I Love You Man.  River Phoenix and Wil Wheaton - Stand By Me  




 I can't find The Howard Stern E! show with it, but Artie Lange's Pig Story is simply amazing.  "That's a pig doing cocaine!"      http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cD6pYH0-GbQ 




 Are You Afraid of the Dark, specifically the clown episode where the kid steals the cigar from the funhouse clown.  Fuck clowns, fuck em.
 




 Ocarina of Time (Water Level and all)  




 X-Men 2 with Nightcrawler is pretty damn good. 
























 That puppy calendar really ties the Thunder Zone together. 




 Rumsfield vs. Art, I can't decide who I liked more.   









 Martin Scorsese ends the film with a shot of the New York skyline which includes the World Trade Center Towers, even though the film was finished after the buildings were destroyed in the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001. Scorsese chose to end on that shot rather then continue with a skyline without the WTC because the movie is supposed to be about the people who build New York, not those who tried to destroy it. 

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0217505/trivia?ref_=tt_trv_trv
 









 The main two I experience in the Washington, DC area are these:  Guy approaches you on the metro or a popular tourist spot, says he is in the armed services on leave, had his wallet stolen, and needs some money to buy a bus ticket to get home to see his family.  In the areas outside of DC, Silver Spring, Bethesda, Arlington, there is always people that run up to you, usually well dressed, claim their car broke down, and need money for a tow.  They always run up to you pretending to be out of breathe, and always claim and try to provide evidence that they have a job.   
























