 Awesome! thanks for the info! 




 I am looking for the telescope part for my K101 Mod. Long story short, silly me shredded the inside wall where my RBA screws in. Any ideas on where to get a new piece? Any help at all would be great! 




 Thank you for calling Lapras Prince Air the Avatar and not fucking Air Jordan. What kind of a damn nickname is Air Jordan. Stupid. 




 Laughed way too hard at this 




 AMAZING. Now I have to rewatch some of the old episodes to reminisce, i am so excited 




 Carolina
 




 You are right it does have 10 legs. Just a bit of background info, I was on my deck smoking a cig and I happened to spy a black spot on the ground. Came across this god forsaken creature. 









 Could not stop laughing. Bravo 




 Ah!! crazy bones! i had the jaws ones all the way on the far left!! 




 I'm late but, fuck me genious 
























 "That's real loose butthole," and "Let's get weeeeeird." Both Adam DeMamp from Workaholics  




 "Let's see where the night takes us."
 




 COMPROMISE. Seriously, it's key. You'll never get anywhere if you two can't come up with some sort of middle ground during an argument. Sure you'll have your fights and fits of rage regardless, but at some point you both need to come to some sort of an agreement that benefits the both of you. That being said, don't be a complete push over either and let her have everything. Make sure you're coming out with something as well.

Another huge thing is trust. You need to have the utmost trust and respect for this person. She needs to be your best friend. I know it sounds cheesy, but it's the truth. You need to be able to trust her to go and do whatever she pleases. And vise versa, same goes for her, she needs to be able to trust you too. 

If you have any doubts about this person at all, then forget it. Don't plan on it being a long lasting relationship if this isn't what you want for the rest of your life. Don't settle for anything less then the best in your eyes. 

Most of all, have fun with it. You'll learn knew things about her everyday (again cheesy, I know sorry). 

Hope this helps a bit! May not be exactly what you're looking for, but it's what I've learned over the years! 




 Pretty random, but I was driving to school in upstate New York and while on my way I saw this morbidly obese child skip around his yard. When he came full circle around the yard he met up with his grandmother and started to frantically beat her in public. I wasn't sure whether to stop or keep going.  




 Wow, great eye! That is Highland Light! I can't personally say I've ever been there myself. What a coincidence though! I'd love to see how yours came out! 




 It is a very, very hard decision. You'll find the one that speaks out to you though. There are so many around the world, so many to choose from. Just take your time, that's all! 




 Thank you for the question! My family and I have always vacationed in the Cape, ever since I was little. The beach and lighthouse theme has been a huge part of my life, we have pictures of lighthouses everywhere at home. That was my main inspiration for the piece. The symbolism of guidance and light were also pretty huge to me. That lighthouse specifically was just because I really appreciated the design!  









 You're welcome! 




 Very beautiful place. 





























 Damn smelly ghosts just won't stop haunting me. 




 Very true, can't argue with that  




 Somebody is going to get killed for this eventually. But, Id be damned if I said I didn't laugh hysterically at this.  




 I'll be surprised if no one said this already. Cut off all purchases of toilet paper and wipes. Including napkins and paper towels so there is no way around this. 




 Exactly what I should be doing 




 It's a never ending cycle! 




 I do the same thing you're not alone. 




 Just out of curiosity. 




 I think the fact that I shit myself as an adult actually scared me rather than having the shit scared out of me. 




 Ticks and Scorpions. I have never encountered a scorpion, but I hate them. 




 The one time I am wearing the least clothing with no pockets. Ya got me, I'd be completely screwed. 





























 Maybe we should all keep pushing. 




 You're still tainted with the blood of the presser you animal 




 Yes Yes Yes 




 How did you know... 









 I hope it works for ya! 




 True, I just find this easier while I'm in the shower!
 









 I'd love to hear everyone's opinion on this. I have no proof or evidence, but to me it seems like a dying media! 




 Chapter 23: College and Alcohol 
























 Ya got me there.  




 Never said he was a good guy. But I guess it's okay for the rest of the Internet to make fun of the fat chick from the text and driving commercials. Keep on fighting the good internet fight buddy. It's a joke. Just like half the shit on here. There is a lot worse out there.  




 Hence the fact that it's a joke and he is insane for saying it. If you think it's stupid that's your opinion.  









 Well if you are then I'm just a figment of your imagination inside of your coma. My whole life is a sham.  














 Come on! In a High School! A place of education with a professionally made sign!! 









 Fuck me 




 Oh thats fucking disgusting 
























 I'll be sure to check it out, thanks for the info! 









 I am 23 and my parents still do not fail to go out of their way and say Santa needs our Christmas list instead of just telling us they will get it themselves. They use Santa whenever the topic is brought up.  




 So as for the self-starting portion, because I seem to find this a problem with starting positions in the work industry as a whole, will you actually know your daily tasks that you must carry out without direct instructions? Or are you supposed to jump right into a task based on your own instinct? I guess it depends on the supervisor, like you said there are some good and bad ones.  




 I try and limit myself to that first shot after dinner. That second one always calls my name.  




 Shit, that was honestly the first thing that came to my mind  




 Discrimination against filing cabinets and their orientation is so sad to see.  




 This isn't a shower thought it's an opinion. Yes, Christians believe that they are solely responsible for the death of Jesus Christ without ever even have being around at the time. But that doesn't make them responsible now if he were to appear, that thought is beyond comprehension. There would be no Christianity without Christ. So it doesn't make sense to begin with. Second, people judging based off of skin color, if you've ever been to Israel most Israelis are a white skin tone or a middle eastern mix which resembles a Caucasian. Everyone else is a tourist. It's an uneducated guess, like most stabs at religion. The only reason why it got so much popularity is because 90% of users seem to lean towards an atheist bias. 




 I, /u/train_subject8250, accept that I am, as a Purple, superior to all other colors because of my Button-granted right. In addition, I accept the Hierarchy of Purple and swear that my ultimate goal is to allow The Timer to reach Zero.

Through all means, prove supremacy. Hail the Violet Hand.

I have been a 60s since the first day or so of The Button's arrival. I was lost and unknowing of my place for a long, long time. I am happy to finally find somewhere that accepts me for who I am. I am ready to serve and open to guidance. Hail the Violet Hand. 




 That's a great way of looking at it, I've never thought about it that way. Thank you! 





























 The picture doesn't do it much justice. Its the roof of a parking garage that is caving downward in multiple areas.  




 Around 730-8! I was looking at it and realized that it would be perfect for this subreddit. 




 Thank you! 




 Yes 




 Correct! 




 It is the Galleria! And yes, the picture really doesn't do it justice. 




 Not complaining, just very, "WTF."  














 I just bought a new 200C 2WD and I love it as well. I really don't see the problem with this. If anything it removes clutter from the climate control and arm rest area. Honestly, if you have a problem with it then you're just not paying attention. I've never had an issue distinguishing the difference between this new knob and the climate control. Great car overall so far!

Edit: problem with the parking knob, not the electronic brake, I realized I sounded kind of like an asshole to you without addressing what I was really talking about. Sorry! Directed towards the picture not you! 




 That's an awesome comment. It is definitely much appreciated, those are the exact feelings that were derived from that exact place and time. I am glad some one received so much enjoyment from a photo that I was able to take!  
























 No, but I've been meaning to try it out. I've heard it's a really good time.  




 I never imagined that this happened in other places. 

Here is the newspaper archive from the day the lot collapsed : 

http://newspaperarchives.vassar.edu/cgi-bin/vassar?a=d d=miscellany20070223-01.2.4 




 I try and post some things that I happen to come in contact with while living here. Like you said, I never see anything from the area! 




 SERIOUSLY. I realize now that I probably should have at least stepped outside of my vehicle and took a picture before posting it on reddit with such shit quality. 




 It gets worse and worse every year, yet everyone still parks there (including myself). Its actually one of the busiest parking lots at the galleria. 




 I was hoping someone would recognize it, I honestly didn't think anyone would. 




 Yeah I could understand that. Unfortunately, as I stated, it has already caved in once. It gets worse and worse over the years. Yet people, like myself, still park on the roof.  




 Sorry for the quality, it's supposed to be the degradation of the parking lot on top of a parking garage. The entire lot has multiple points where it is sinking  




 Same!! 




 Hahahah me too! That and Fun Central that used to be down Route 9, I used to get free tokens all the time. It was great. 




 Bahahahaha you mean that spot in the food court which literally every store that has been there has ceased to exist? Maybe they are bitter assholes because they lost their business! 
























