 Stalin!  




 Freshman roommate smelled like gym sock Asian food dry rotting in a theater trashcan. Constantly.  




 He's good, but he is no Frightened Inmate #2 




 This is a vagina without the normal disguise  




 You realize that by not giving them your business, they will cut more hours and begin to lay people off  
























 I feel like there is a good Tom Hanks joke floating around in there, as he was the conductor on polar express and had past lives in Cloud Atlas.  




 Milo and Otis #throwback  




 Psh my penis is like three inches...from the ground  




 I give you the best parents in the world  




 Wait, so where is the water coming from exactly. And the food. Are we teraforming?  





























 This is next level true  




 This is the epic meal time of duck tape.  




 Where are the boots? ;)  




 You need to post to r/cringe  
























 Haha, guess you dodged a bullet then. 




 Wow that's so cool! 




 I do too, a little, though nothing like it was during, though I haven't seen her much since then. I'm almost done with college now so about 4 years 




 Who they are now NOT who they were then. And how long have you nursed the crush? 





























 If miller's world has so much gravity that it distorts time so much, how can they all even stand? 




 Teamviewer. Free remote desktop connection, and they have a mobile app, so you can control your pc from your phone. I spent a lot of money on building a nice desktop, and just remote to it from a cheap netbook or my android phone whenever I need it. Teamviewer is probably the most important free software I've ever used! The app has come a long way, I find the interface extremely logical and easy to use, you can also transfer files and it's just the best. 









 Maybe you bumped into them on a plane. Or maybe you went to college with them before they made it big. Proof gets mad ups. 




 Wow that's really rough, my heart goes out to you mate 
























 It means he is intelligent if a mirror makes sense to him 




 A new terms and conditions pops up. Only this account has the ability, and if anyone finds out it's lost forever. 




 In fact, there is a good possibility that the same arrangement of atoms that compose you also exists elsewhere in the universe. 









 That makes more sense, but the infograph leads you to believe that it's the planet's gravity. But I think you're right! 
























 Inspired by another post. Do you think it's good to make white lies like, if you don't brush your teeth they'll fall out and choke you in your sleep. Or if you don't eat your vegetables they grow big enough to come eat you. 














 Animals who understand they they are looking at themselves in a mirror are extremely intelligent 


































 Seriously love your guys stuff, I'm actually in Raleigh!! Hope you the best and brightest careers :) 




 You have to die in or immediately after the act of murder. 




 I think so too, or at least, kids have very vivid memories. So even when they don't understand something, it will eventually click with some new thing they learn and they have that aha moment 




 Yea in my opinion, (granted I'm 22 no kids so I have no real experience) I would think treating them like an intelligent person and telling the truth is better in the long run even though it probably won't achieve the desired effect immediately. 
























