 Jerome Corsi's book that came out last year:
http://www.wnd.com/2013/09/report-kennedy-assassin-was-on-fbi-payroll/

also Don Adams, retired FBI agent who was investigating threats against Kennedy in the weeks before the assassination:

(http://www.newsnet5.com/news/local-news/akron-canton-news/former-fbi-agent-from-akron-insists-lee-harvey-oswald-didnt-murder-president-john-f-kennedy)
 




 Good comment. It can be hard to get info on what is going on recently. 




 Another good one on this subject written by Anarchist Jacques Ellul:
[Propaganda: the Formation of Men's Attitudes](http://www.pdfarchive.info/pdf/E/El/Ellul_Jacques_-_Propaganda.pdf) 




 Thanks. Even though I'm basically outing myself as a lunatic! 




 I know. Whenever I post any MKULTRA related stuff, not many seem that interested. I honestly don't know why, whether people are tired of it, don't know enough about it, or if they don't believe this stuff ever existed. 




 The official defense budget doesn't include such small items as the intelligence agencies, maintenance of nuclear stockpiles, VA benefits, and debt payments on foreign wars going back to Korea. 




 Basically this was a real life Apocalypse Now. US soldiers went AWOL and formed a village in Laos which they thought was a safe zone. The army didn't like that much and Operation Tailwind was undertaken to wipe them out. The op started with a dawn raid kicked off with sarin gas being dumped on the GIs. 



















 Here's a good place to ask specific questions about JFK stuff and especially about document authenticity. A lot of very serious researchers hang out there. Don't ask me why it evolved out of a teaching discussion board, but over the years it became a gathering place for old researchers with thousands of publications collectively between them:
[Education Forum Kennedy discussion board](http://educationforum.ipbhost.com/index.php?s=cea89a971e30e336a9785dc7303dc23c showforum=126)
 




 Exactly. 




 A lot of people in the JFK assassination community are now conjecturing that Oswald was working undercover with the FBI in order to infiltrate the CIA because Hoover suspected the CIA of engaging in domestic subversion. The theory holds that Oswald was set up because they figured out his true agenda. A lot of strange pieces of this puzzle fall into place neatly when one follows this line of reasoning. 




 [Good discussion of this phenomenon by Linda Moulton Howe](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Csc0f5daafE) 




 People in the UK were making jokes for years about Jimmy Savile being a necrophile. It seemed ludicrous. It turned out that he really was, and that he was guilty of far more than the worst rumors/jokes ever suggested.

The Savile case was a really strong example of the mindset people have where they simply can't comprehend the kind of abuses a small percentage of the human race are capable of. Elements of intelligence services probably are using pedophilia as a way to blackmail and control politicians and powermongers, but the only people open to this possibility are those who allow themselves to entertain a degree of paranoia in their own worldview.

If I could put this another way, every year, the world seems to become a bit closer to the batshit crazy reality that David Icke has been describing for decades. I'm still not sold on lizard shapeshifters but I've learned not to take anything off the table until I have absolute proof that it does not exist. 




 [Evidence of Revision](http://topdocumentaryfilms.com/evidence-of-revision/) 




 No, I mean they should be called "sheep dudes" as opposed to "Dude they're called sheep." 
I'm going to be counting this conversation tonight. 




 Sheep dude. 




 I'll tell you what, why not post these comments as a self-post in the conspiracy subreddit. It's a bit silly to try to address any of these in a comment chain. You can give people a chance to explain their reasoning on some of this stuff, there might actually be a chance for putting links into answers, and if you can cut the ad hominem for a little while you might come away with a better understanding of how to communicate with a non scientific community in a way that doesn't  antagonize them. 




 Plato also believed in the rule of enlightened elites. What's Greek for Illuminati? 




 This is a smart young woman. I hope she comes out of this OK. 




 COINTELPRO, debt slavery, severe economic distress, unstable employment, a police state that scares the bejesus out of every sane human, a prison system with 25% of the world's prison population, endless distraction provided by conglomerates with what from the outside appears to be a satanic agenda, constant misinformation from mainstream media, bogus wars on drugs, poverty, Islam, you name it.
People don't know if they're coming or going. People know they're getting screwed but they're so tired that why should they give a shit if the government is peeping at their computers?
You want them to care about GMOs when they never cared about high fructose corn syrup, increased cancer rates, depleted sperm counts and countless other things connected to our modern diet?
People aren't stupid, but they are burned out. People need to heal before they will believe that resistance will amount to anything effective. 




 Here you go:
(http://www.counterpunch.org/2014/10/24/the-medicine-of-the-trans-pacific-partnership/) 




 Gotcha. 




 People have to wake up to how incredibly awful this thing is. This is a game over scenario. Call, don't e-mail. Phone calls make a much bigger difference. Most of the dipshits in congress probably have no idea what this legislation is.  




 Not to blame her at all because the drug laws are BS, but what I don't get is that  they came back with a warrant three hours later. Why in God's name didn't she flush the stuff? 




 Personally I became interested conspiracy stuff in the 80s because of the sixties assassinations and the CIA. I knew about MKULTRA earlier than a lot of people because my university was a major site of MKUTRA research not to mention CIA weapons development.
I developed a big interest in researchers from the sixties who published in underground papers and magazines like Paul Krassner's The Realist, Ramparts, The East Village Other and many others. They are still very readable and depressingly relevant and I encourage anyone to seek them out especially since a lot of these publications are reappearing on the web in digitized form.
Mae Brussell's radio show was great. Still worth listening to and every bit as controversial as it was thirty or forty years ago.

As for UFO stuff, as far as I remember, there was a shift in the 90s to that being about abductions and government intrigue. Into the 80s, although people started to talk about Roswell and Area 51, UFOs were still largely considered benign.
No one cared about Bush pere when he was VP, but everyone started talking about the New World Order as soon as he became Prez. I still don't think people have ever focused anywhere near enough on his tenure at the CIA. He oversaw a transition to electronic warfare/surveillance which defines our current world.
Then of course there was a huge amount of focus in the 80s on satanic cults in the aftermath of the son of Sam and Jonestown. 




 In my experience, people are fatter in the UK than in the US.  




 Nice one, thanks. 




 Not to defend Mossad, but Bull was trying to build his gun for Iraq. He was also dealing with the South Africans and the CIA. Plus, if I'm remembering right, I think he had a hand in Fuel Air Explosives research at McGill University. Nasty dude. 









 Tobacco was never really considered safe. Even back then cigarettes were widely referred to as "coffin nails". 




 In 1944, the LaGuardia Committee in New York State issued a report that concluded that marijuana was safe. It systematically contradicted claims made by the U.S. Treasury Department that smoking marijuana resulted in insanity, physical and mental deterioration, that it caused criminal behavior or juvenile delinquency, that it was physically addictive, or a "gateway" drug to more dangerous drugs.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/La_Guardia_Committee

http://www.druglibrary.org/schaffer/library/studies/lag/lagmenu.htm 














 I'm having trouble deciding whether you don't know what the word "literally" means or the word "definition". 




 People from New Hampshire literally do nothing but sit around reading the Constitution all day. I swear to God they're all like this. 




 Look at a place like Buffalo which I think is the kind of place you're describing. Not too fucked, but lots of room for improvement. Possible to rent relatively cheaply, existing arts scene, some interest in non-conventional politics.
Bring back the idea of communes, but this time, keep them in cities. People living together to keep costs down, rent and food costs down, share medical through private clinics. Also, people need to see that right now it's more important to vote in local elections and go to city or town council meetings since most of the fascistic control in the US is coming through local ordinances. The police state needs to be controlled at local level, especially since there is no longer any real democracy at the national level. 




 There used to be a magazine called The Idler that had the basic premise that laziness and doing nothing can be one of the most potent forms of resistance to technological systems that control humanity. I think that's what they were getting at, I was too lazy to finish the articles. 




 I've found that eating more vegetables and fruit has cut my food costs a bit. Cutting out refined sugar and flour also gives me more energy. 




 I'll buy that for a dollar. 




 "Enlightenment is idealism." I disagree with this. Enlightenment is a real thing, not an imagined thing, not something that you will into being. It's something that's already there inside of each person, not an ideal to be reached. It's our humanity, our spirit. It's the very essence of pragmatism, but not the bullshit pragmatism of mass manipulators and psycho controllers. It's the pragmatism of knowing who you are and realizing that anything that subtracts from who you really are is a fiction. 




 I wouldn't say that it's possible to cut out my exposure to all ads, but by quitting cable, using ad blocker, and keeping my head down, I've drastically reduced the amount of advertising that reaches me. Every now and then, I'll try to turn on a basketball game, and I am at the point where it is like an assault on my senses all the crap they try to push. I can't make it through a full game these days, I just start feeling fucking nauseous. Consequently, I barely ever buy anything anymore besides food and books. 




 Great post. I totally agree. When a culture gets to a point where you have to take a side on everything, where you can never say "I don't know", where no amount of cognitive dissonance is tolerated, then that is a culture of pure control.
People can look at enlightenment as this airy fairy spiritual thing, but at the end of the day it is really a very political process. Waking up to one's place in the world is highly political. Gaining some measure of control over one's own thoughts is as political as it gets. Buddhism offers some very useful techniques to learn how to control the ego, but it is far  from the only way. 
Ultimately, spiritual or political awakening take a lot of work and endurance. No set of dogmas will do it, and there is no one way to get there. 




 Huxley wasn't advocating mass hypnotism, he was against it. "Another lucky accident was Freuds inability to hypnotize successfully and his consequent disparagement of hypnotism." He's saying it was a good thing that there was a delay in bringing about this kind of governmental control. Huxley was a brilliant, perceptive thinker, and in many ways, he was warning about a world that resembles our own even more than that of 1984.  




 VALIS is actually more of an autobiography than a novel. That shit actually happened to Dick. The Black Iron Prison is a real thing. That's what makes his writing so powerful. I think Philip K Dick will eventually be regarded as the greatest mystic of the 20th century. 




 Just say no to memes. 




 Beck rules, fuck Kanye.
 




 I think you found the right sub for this. 




 It's a mix of truth and exaggeration in Zeitgeist. A lot of the religious stuff comes from a woman named Acharya. She is basically repeating a lot of the claims made by a 19th century writer called Gerald Massey who really was coming up with ideas using nothing more than his imagination. Some of the broad claims are absolutely true, ie: how Christianity was changed by Emperor Constantine into a sun worshipping cult based around Apollo (with Constantine the stand in for Apollo) but most of the claims about how these deities repeat in different religions are strained. The stuff equating Mary with Meru for example is just garbage. There was no global religion. There are probably broad global archetypes that most religions draw on. Zeitgeist is repeating a 19th century obsession with seeing the religions of the West as originating with India, but these really are very different species. Until you get to Gnosticism at which point, all bets are off. 




 Someone said years ago that the elites would create phony enemies out of the Soviet Union first, the Islam, and finally extraterrestrials. The real enemy is humanity.
It must be fun to destroy an entire planet and enslave a species if you're a psychopath. 




 Do cops get a sexual thrill out of murdering innocent dudes like this? These asshole police are not like normal people, they scare the shit out of me. 




 The CIA was deeply involved in Jamaican politics in the 70's and Marley scared them because he had a lot of sway with a broad spectrum of Jamaican society. He was involved in peace concerts during a period when Jamaica basically was at civil war.

(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/One_Love_Peace_Concert) 




 No unions, no anti-corporate rhetoric. What's left? Pray to our godlike overlords? Will them to improve themselves morally? The best jobs I've had, the ones where I've come closest to being treated respectfully, have all been unionized. 
Left wing libertarianism is a beautiful thing, check it out. 




 For most of your news? Really? Sweet Jesus. 




 Spot fucking on. People need to watch this guy. 




 What were the other 17 years, police actions? 




 Speak for yourself my friend, it's been hitting me and my wife damn hard and we haven't been 19 in a long while. 




 Sickening. 




 Even a stuffed shirt is correct twice a day. 




 Add regular extreme weather events, never ending war against fictional enemies, drought and disease cleansing the population in the poorest countries, Fukushima radiation spilling out and poisoning half the planet, and the death of our oceans... then you've got a picture that looks like today's world. The Apocalypse is already here. 




 Borders should be open for human beings and restricted for capital. But we have the reverse right now which is why the world has become a giant playground for the mega-wealthy. Also, did you realize there are one million American citizens living in Mexico? No one seems to complain about that! 




 Immigration is just another issue used to distract people from the real issues. Anyone on this reddit who is still busy getting angry about immigration basically doesn't get it. You're being manipulated whatever your views on the subject. Stop letting people stir up your emotions, that's how they control you. Come to every issue with an open mind and use logic. 




 I saw that vigil at UC Davis. It was inspiring. I slept at Zuccotti Park and had to walk past a gauntlet of 100 NYPD revving the engines of their fucking bikes as I went past them. Goons. That was the first time in my adult life that I really woke up to just how much of a police state the US has become which would have been heartbreaking but the people at OWS were like this collection of the best this country has to offer. I left there knowing that the Goons will win battle after battle, but they can't stop real Americans even if those Americans don't get on TV or in newspapers.  




 People like to ridicule the Boomers and sometimes deservedly so, but the anti-Vietnam war movement of the sixties was the last time the people of America seriously threatened the powers that be. Student activists were a major part of that. Where is today's Mario Savio? Savio was a classics major who could express powerful thoughts in an articulate way. Today he would probably be studying for an MBA or a professional degree and be saddled with so much debt that an arrest record for civil disobedience would destroy his life. People on this subreddit would do well to study what happened back in the sixties. 




 They also worshipped a bat god. 




 Good post. I could care less if someone believes in God or not. I'm personally agnostic but very interested in spirituality, but what makes me nervous is that atheism seems to be a new kind of religion. A fundamentalist, intolerant one at that, and what is worse is that the adherents of this new religion refuse to acknowledge that they've formed an organized religion. I can't imagine that ending well. 




 I hope she makes a million dollars out of these jerks. 




 Thanks, I'll read that. 




 Huh? 




 Now we have our very own Gulag. Well done America. 




 McAdams is so absurdly biased that he loses credibility. Try this site instead: (http://educationforum.ipbhost.com/index.php?showforum=126) 




 Dorothy Kilgallen and Mary Pinchot Meyer were two extremely suspicious deaths in connection to the JFK assassination. Kilgallen was a very well known reporter who just before she died did an interview with Jack Ruby that she told a friend was going "to blow the case open". Mary Pinchot Meyer was one of JFK's mistresses who was murdered within a year of the assasination in a quiet, safe part of Washington DC while taking a walk. 

Here's a link with a list: (http://www.maebrussell.com/Disappearing%20Witnesses/Disappearing%20Witnesses.html) 




 I saw that, good article. I'd also include anyone sitting in US prison for non-violent drug offenses to the list of political prisoners. 




 The US has 5% of the world's population and 25% of its prisoners. We have far more prisoners than China including even China's political prisoners. 




 Afghanistan was about the minerals, approximately one trillion dollars of untapped resources... [(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mining_in_Afghanistan)] 




 Does this mean he's going to break into his own house and shoot himself in the head? 




 Doesn't sound like a rant at all. Sounds like a neat assessment of the challenge that is facing us. In stark terms, human beings are born into slave systems where we no longer own our own bodies or food or land. These are the purview of corporations and governments. But the one thing in our favor is that it only takes a tiny percentage of people to make these entities look really bad. 




 Rogan did another earlier show with Randall Carlson who has also appeared on Red Ice Creations. 




 It's damn hard for the poor, but there are ways. Learning to grow their own food in community gardens is one, something that has taken hold in unexpected places like poor neighborhoods in LA. Debt can be harder to sort out, but that's the challenge that has to be met. 




 In case you haven't heard this, might interest you:
[(http://podcasts.joerogan.net/podcasts/randall-carlson-2)] 




 Don't know if this counts as bullshit, but in case you don't know about Manson 2 and Hollywood/ the music industry:
[(http://www.paranoiamagazine.com/2013/01/the-process-church-of-the-final-judgment-and-the-manson-family-2/)] 




 I'd like to know more about the history of the military industrial complex as well as the development of specific weaponry for behavior modification. 














 Change starts in you. Stop putting poison into your body and pretending it's food, stop taking on debt, stop doing things you don't want to do because you're scared you might look weird for doing something else. Stop looking at things in terms of left/right, Democrat/Republican, right/wrong, black/white... try to see different sides of issues. Read, think, reclaim your mind. Don't wait for the government or business to save the world. Only you can do that. 




 Welcome to the controlled internet. 




 And so it begins... 




 Cowards shooting a man running away. This looks like some Central American death squad. It's lucky no one else was killed by their stray bullets. 




 I found the comments section of that article incredibly disturbing. 




 Here's a few that are good:
On JFK: *Brothers*; *JFK and the Unspeakable: Why He Died and Why It Matters*

On Nazis: *The Occult Roots of Nazism* ; 
*The Hunt for Zero Point: Inside the Classified World of Antigravity Technology*

On Military Industrial Complex: *SOLDIERS OF REASON: The RAND Corporation and the Rise of the American Empire*

On MKULTRA: *A Terrible Mistake: The Murder of Frank Olson and the CIA's Secret Cold War Experiments*

Also it's not a book, but if you're interested in Big Pharma, make sure you watch *Sugar: the Bitter Truth* by Dr Robert Lustig
[(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dBnniua6-oM)] 




 Thanks, great recommendations. 





























 Anarchists and libertarians really agree on 90% of stuff once we cut through the rhetoric. 




 A great read on that subject:
[Dark Alliance](http://catalog.sevenstories.com/products/dark-alliance-the-cia-the-contras-and-the-cocaine-explosion-movie-tie-in-edition). 




 I consider myself left wing libertarian. I just find libertarians in the US unrealistic about how the government corpocracy that we currently have will simply go away. I get how government policies feed these entities and make them grow bloated. I get all that about government waste and red tape. I also get how tax policies screw small and mid sizes companies while favoring multinationals. But how do we change any of that without good regulatory policy? It seems like the one thing government should be doing. I mean get rid of the DEA, the ATF, and the Education Department, cut down the military, reign in Homeland Security, and totally re-do intelligence. But we need a strong SEC. Markets now expand to dangerous levels, the financial system is insanely unstable. Good regulation instead of Fannie and Freddie would have spared a lot of home buyers a great deal of pain. 




 That's just the thing. Listening to some of those teenagers speaking, they really seemed pretty aware of broader issues. They're obviously going about it the wrong way, but I do see this as a very political event. 




 Like I said, I was just basing my argument off of what I saw on TV last night. It seems things escalated in a crazy way. 




 Wondering what people's opinions are on this sub about transhumanism. 




 Speaking of "keeping bullshit savagery to themselves" I wish you would take your own advice. 




 Thanks. 
The senior center getting burned is really fucking stupid. I admit I overstated my case! 




 That's really sad if true. I'm just saying what I saw on TV. I could be wrong. 




 Just my observation watching news footage yesterday, I saw people breaking into CVS, liquor stores, and payday lenders. I saw people throwing objects at cops. In other words, they were targeting the source of a lot of the hardship in their lives, failed health care and banking systems and failed criminal justice system. What I didn't see were any local -non-chain - businesses targeted. Or places where the community meets like churches and community centers. I didn't see any free clinics getting burned. 
Don't get me wrong, people burning private citizens cars is just bullshit, and I don't condone the looting. But these kids aren't dumb monsters who are desperate to set fire to buildings and get high just because they're bored. Their anger is real. 




 Agreed. The Eugenics movement in the US in the first part of the 20th century was the model for what happened in Germany. However, a lot of those Americans became active supporters of Nazism. Also the experiments against Americans citizens have started to come out. People know a bit about MKULTRA but the scope of it is really starting to come out.  




 I get that's what libertarians believe, but I think that if government regulation of markets is removed then you basically have shifted the government to corporations and to the financial services sector. While I don't like big government and certainly am not claiming that our democracy is in good shape, I like the principle that people have a right to step and reign in excesses in the markets. I see the current shift to corporate oligarchy as being similar to corporate syndicalism. Granted, libertarians probably don't like how things are, but the absence of good policy will result in undemocratic corporate government. 




 Chem train? Sounds like an Ozzy song. 




 While some may have been "quasi prisoners", most were not. What the German scientists who were brought over under Paperclip did was to forge an alliance between the intelligence services and scientific research community. This might not have happened without them. And if you believe that most of these guys were innocent technocrats, look up [Hubertus Strughold](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hubertus_Strughold) the "Father of Space Medicine" with NASA who placed priosners in Dachau in air pressure chambers until their eyeballs exploded. Don't sanitize this stuff. Many of these men were evil. 




 I'm not confused, I just happen to believe that corporations are now the state.  




 Thanks, will give that a look. I tend not to see this as a left or right thing. I think it is an ideology that infected people across the spectrum. Mostly it seems to be driven by worship at the altar of technological efficiency. But I'll check it out. 




 Hear, hear. The man's a fucking hero. There are criticisms that can be made of Chomsky, but he's been on the battle lines forever. If people want to pick on a CIA plant posing as a left wing thinker, go look at Gloria Steinem. 




 Corporate syndicalism is the link to libertarianism in the US. In Europe, libertarians are usually considered left wing - aka anarchists - but they became right wing libertarians in the US largely because of their belief in the goodness of the corporate model. I think there are substantial differences between libertarians and fascists, but in terms of economic models, they're birds of a feather. 




 Metformin, another fine product from the folks who brought you LSD. Thanks Sandoz! 




 Fascism was a very influential ideology with those in power from the 1930s onwards. From  [the Business Plot](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Business_Plot) in 1933 onwards, you could argue that Fascism shaped America more than any other belief system. It has been the model our economy is based on - corporate syndicalism - and it has largely shaped our transition into a militarist society that fetishizes technological efficiency at the expense of human worth. Quite literally Nazi scientists and technicians flooded into the US after WW2 under [Operation Paperclip](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Paperclip). The technological elite of the Nazis became the American technological elite. I think it is no exaggeration to say that we now live in their world.

Some good books on the subject: [Peter Levenda's Sinister Forces](http://www.amazon.com/Sinister-Forces-The-Nine-Political-Witchcraft/dp/0975290622)


[Jim Marrs The Rise of the Fourth Reich](http://www.amazon.com/Rise-Fourth-Reich-Societies-Threaten/dp/0061245593/ref=sr_1_2?s=books ie=UTF8 qid=1430233232 sr=1-2 keywords=jim+marrs+books)

[Linda Hunt Secret Agenda](http://gen.lib.rus.ec/book/index.php?md5=09AEA9234668F28FF07EBC963FB4B066)

and an article: [Americas Unique Fascism](http://jimmarrs.com/news_events/news/america%E2%80%99s-unique-fascism/)
 




 I am not advocating violence or the killing of cops, but after [the killing of two NYPD cops](http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_slatest/2014/12/20/man_shoots_and_kills_two_new_york_city_police_officers.html) by Ismaaiyl Brinsley, the NYPD bascially went on [strike](http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/the-nypds-work-stoppage-is-surreal-20141231) with cops refusing to make arrests on minor infractions as a protest against the mayor. The crime rate during the police slowdown fell like over 60%. That includes for serious crimes like rape and murder. NYC had its all time record during that period for days without a murder. 




 Those regulatory bodies were and are a joke. The real regulatory teeth of the SEC were taken years ago and it ceased to be a regulatory agency after the repeal of Glass Steagall in 98. I'm all for small government, but that includes the unelected government of the oligarchs that we have today. And above all TPP is not about free trade. It is a massive sop to large corporations to the detriment of small and mid size employers. And worst of all is the undermining of sovereign law. If you're against big government, don't buy into the lie that this is about free trade, it's really not. This is about global government and the weakening of national democracies. 




 The NSA, Area 51, and Amazon. 




 Still working on this end. They're saying the Orioles are taking batting practice. Jesus. 




 I agree with all that. Funny though that the two places I've seen looted so far have been a CVS and a payday loans place. In other words, two of the sources of economic hardship for people. On the other hand, fucking up people's rides is just wrong.  




 Thanks. 




 I don't think they could possibly know for sure, but at the same time the resistance against the police lines has looked coordinated with groups throwing missiles then retreating to other positions. We'll see as the night goes on what the hell is going on. Pretty crazy, hope it doesn't get more violent. 




 Profit is a great thing when a product is involved. Should education be a product? There are other ways to think about it.  




 If anyone can find a livestream, please post a link below. 




 Great article. Very moving. 














 From the article:
Public Citizen observes that the TPP would provide big banks with a backdoor means of watering down efforts to re-regulate Wall Street, after deregulation triggered the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression:

The TPP would forbid countries from banning particularly risky financial products, such as the toxic derivatives that led to the $183 billion government bailout of AIG. It would prohibit policies to prevent banks from becoming too big to fail, and threaten the use of firewalls to prevent banks that keep our savings accounts from taking hedge-fund-style bets.

The TPP would also restrict capital controls, an essential policy tool to counter destabilizing flows of speculative money. . . . And the deal would prohibit taxes on Wall Street speculation, such as the proposed Robin Hood Tax that would generate billions of dollars worth of revenue for social, health, or environmental causes. 




 I'm guessing then that he means the neo-Cons like Cheney and Rumsfeld who were big players in the Ford administration. Post watergate, those people all came up with their poisonous ideology. 




 What does he mean by 30 years? That it goes back to the early 70s or that it will last 30 years until 2031? 




 Communism and anarchism are very different things. Which is it? Do you actually know the difference? 




 From the Unabomber Manifesto:
Control of Human Behavior

143. Since the beginning of civilization, organized societies have had to put pressures on human beings for the sake of the functioning of the social organism. The kinds of pressures vary greatly from one society to another. Some of the pressures are physical (poor diet, excessive labor, environmental pollution), some are psychological (noise, crowding, forcing human behavior into the mold that society requires). In the past, human nature has been approximately constant, or at any rate has varied only within certain bounds. Consequently, societies have been able to push people only up to certain limits. When the limit of human endurance has been passed, things start going wrong: rebellion, or crime, or corruption, or evasion of work, or depression and other mental problems, or an elevated death rate, or a declining birth rate or something else, so that either the society breaks down, or its functioning becomes too inefficient and it is (quickly or gradually, through conquest, attrition or evolution) replaced by some more efficient form of society.[25]

144. Thus human nature has in the past put certain limits on the development of societies. People could be pushed only so far and no farther. But today this may be changing, because modern technology is developing ways of modifying human beings.

145. Imagine a society that subjects people to conditions that make them terribly unhappy, then gives them drugs to take away their unhappiness. Science fiction? It is already happening to some extent in our own society. It is well known that the rate of clinical depression has been greatly increasing in recent decades. We believe that this is due to disruption of the power process, as explained in paragraphs 59-76.)

146. Drugs that affect the mind are only one example of the methods of controlling human behavior that modern society is developing. Let us look at some of the other methods.

147. To start with, there are the techniques of surveillance. Hidden video cameras are now used in most stores and in many other places, computers are used to collect and process vast amounts of information about individuals. Information so obtained greatly increases the effectiveness of physical coercion (i.e., law enforcement).[26] Then there are the methods of propaganda, for which the mass communications media provide effective vehicles. Efficient techniques have been developed for winning elections, selling products, influencing public opinion. The entertainment industry serves as an important psychological tool of the system, possibly even when it is dishing out large amounts of sex and violence. Entertainment provides modern man with an essential means of escape. While absorbed in television, videos, etc., he can forget stress, anxiety, frustration, dissatisfaction. Many primitive peoples, when they don't have any work to do, are quite content to sit for hours at a time doing nothing at all, because they are at peace with themselves and their world. But most modern people must be constantly occupied or entertained, otherwise they get "bored," i.e., they get fidgety, uneasy, irritable.

148. Other techniques strike deeper that the foregoing. Education is no longer a simple affair of paddling a kid's behind when he doesn't know his lessons and patting him on the head when he does know them. It is becoming a scientific technique for controlling the child's development. Sylvan Learning Centers, for example, have had great success in motivating children to study, and psychological techniques are also used with more or less success in many conventional schools. "Parenting" techniques that are taught to parents are designed to make children accept the fundamental values of the system and behave in ways that the system finds desirable. "Mental health" programs, "intervention" techniques, psychotherapy and so forth are ostensibly designed to benefit individuals, but in practice they usually serve as methods for inducing individuals to think and behave as the system requires. (There is no contradiction here; an individual whose attitudes or behavior bring him into conflict with the system is up against a force that is too powerful for him to conquer or escape from, hence he is likely to suffer from stress, frustration, defeat. His path will be much easier if he thinks and behaves as the system requires. In that sense the system is acting for the benefit of the individual when it brainwashes him into conformity.) Child abuse in its gross and obvious forms is disapproved in most if not all cultures. Tormenting a child for a trivial reason or no reason at all is something that appalls almost everyone. But many psychologists interpret the concept of abuse much more broadly. Is spanking, when used as part of a rational and consistent system of discipline, a form of abuse? The question will ultimately be decided by whether or not spanking tends to produce behavior that makes a person fit in well with the existing system of society. In practice, the word "abuse" tends to be interpreted to include any method of child-rearing that produces behavior inconvenient for the system. Thus, when they go beyond the prevention of obvious, senseless cruelty, programs for preventing "child abuse" are directed toward the control of human behavior on behalf of the system.

149. Presumably, research will continue to increase the effectiveness of psychological techniques for controlling human behavior. But we think it is unlikely that psychological techniques alone will be sufficient to adjust human beings to the kind of society that technology is creating. Biological methods probably will have to be used. We have already mentioned the use of drugs in this connection. Neurology may provide other avenues for modifying the human mind, Genetic engineering of human beings is already beginning to occur in the form of "gene therapy," and there is no reason to assume that such methods will not eventually be used to modify those aspects of the body that affect mental functioning,  




 So many of the stories about police abuse follow a narrative of "the bad cop" deviating from all the good cops, but this case in South LA really shows how systemic the problem is when it comes to how the police view and deal with the public. 









 Don't know if this is connected, but I watched [this amazing 1950s era documentary](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POWR2H89QVY) about the US military building a secret base in Greenland. 




 The problem is that from our perspective, the education system is completely broken, but as far as the system is concerned, everything is fine. Profits are rolling in, a demoralized, brainwashed workforce is being produced to supply multinational corporations with worker drones. There's no point in trying to fix a system like that. People have to think bigger than coming up with patches to fix fundamentally evil systems. The same could be said for the financial systems that rule over us. And healthcare etc... 




 So many of the stories about police abuse follow a narrative of "the bad cop" deviating from all the good cops, but this case in South LA really shows how systemic the problem is when it comes to how the police view and deal with the public. 




 [War Against the Weak: Eugenics and America's Campaign to Create a Master Race by Edwin Black ](http://www.amazon.com/War-Against-Weak-Eugenics-Americas/dp/0914153293)
    Great read.

Also this doc along similar lines: [War on the Weak](https://archive.org/details/WarOnTheWeak) 




 A lot of this stuff, especially loitering laws, was used to basically force black people into conditions of slavery again in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Basically anyone who couldn't prove that they were employed would be charged with vagrancy and arrested, then forced into involuntary labor through the prison system. 
Nowadays there's more white people experiencing some of the bullshit that blacks and Latinos have had to put up with forever. Here's a great documentary on the subject if anyone is interested:

[Slavery by Another Name](http://www.pbs.org/tpt/slavery-by-another-name/watch/) 




 I'm finding no sign of sherril_elkaderi anywhere outside this picture. Not on twitter as of right now. 




 This is some seriously messed up shit. They're not even trying to hide that American democracy is dead, are they? 




 If by "crazy" you mean sociopath, then I agree wholeheartedly. 




 I'm left wing, but she makes me ill. I feel like voting for Rand Paul just to spite her supporters. 









 Before he got murdered? Not sure what he was working on. Apparently his friends called him Grandma because he used to drive so slow. Whatever he was working on, it pissed someone off. 









 Some people claim the Mahabarata describes a nuclear blast at Mohenjo Daro in Pakistan:

(http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/arqueologia/esp_mohenjo_daro_1.htm) 




 I sure hope they get their house back so they can go sit in it and just be batshit crazy there all day. 




 No, I meant that it was highly organized and involved very wealthy, powerful people. 




 [Jeffrey Epstein begs to differ](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeffrey_Epstein) 




 I don't know what the truth is about that case, but I definitely had misgivings about how the kids seemed to be pressured into giving testimony by the mother and stepfather in the original video. Even if all this stuff did happen to the kids, they were effectively experiencing another round of trauma by their angry parents who didn't seem to be putting the emotional health of the kids first and foremost. 









 I actually found her letter hilarious in its exasperation, but maybe you're right. Vice is weird.  




 I guess the question is: are these fuck ups? They do this with such regularity that it starts to look like an insane plan. 
























 Don't blame the teacher for that. Blame the morons who run the school. They should be fired. And her lawsuit if successful provides a strong disincentive to school officials pulling this stunt again elsewhere. 




 Because the main thing is not to look weak. Even if it means we look batshit crazy, that's fine, just not weak. 




 Well put.  




 We've been using remote strikes to spread terror since at least the Tokyo firebombing in WW2. 




 We? 




 Now you people are just getting creepy. 




 Oh, well that's just a huge relief. I'll go back to bed.  




 I would hesitate to use the word "our". I'm not sure whose leaders they are, but they're probably not ours. Real democracy has been on its death bed for a while and this treaty is the death certificate. 




 Maybe it's because people weren't able to "think outside the box" like this crack team of early childhood terror experts. 




 This legislation will empower corporations giving them a global government that sidesteps any democratic controls. This is the NWO that the elites have always dreamed of and it scares the shit out of me. 




 This treaty is the legal framework for the global government run by corporations. This is the real NWO. 




 At some point America has to reach peak retardation. What were these bozos thinking? Of course they're going to get their asses sued to high heaven. Hope she makes a bundle. 









 I tend to agree, as far as choking them off from the source of their power. But where the money goes can show you what their intentions are. Half of tax money goes to military matters, that means the powers that be are still working to hide the fact from the masses that we are now a military state. 




 There's a long depressing story about why this vanished. The reporters who worked on this had their careers ended. Someone really went to work to discredit them in the late 90s. CNN and other MSM went from being places where good journalism could sometimes sneak through to brainless controlled mouthpieces around that time. 




 Interesting article. But as far as the general consensus regarding "changes in vector populations", can you explain the incredible coincidence that the major new North American vector emerged just across from Plum Island at Old Lyme? Especially when the work there involved the weaponization of ticks and other aerial delivery systems? Of course they didn't create some bacteria out of synthetic goo, they would have used an existing strain. Possibly the scientists were able to  manipulate the bacteria on a genetic level to make it more deadly. All conjecture, but they sure as hell were doing something in that lab. 




 But what became referred to as Lyme disease after 1975, while sharing characteristics of earlier tick borne bacterial infections was on another level. You hear about rashes and skin conditions in Europe that look like the Lyme rash, but as far as I know, they don't have anywhere near the severity especially with the arthritic like pain that happens now. And there's weird stuff with personality shifts that suggest neurological impairment. If this stuff existed before, I would honestly like to read about it. I just suspect this bacteria was somehow weaponized. 




 Lyme is a lot more than a "chronic skin rash".
 




 There's a great book by Ralph McGehee called Deadly Deceits where he describes his success in doing real effective counterinsurgency in Thailand. When he tried to transfer some of his practices to Vietnam, no one was interested including Colby who basically made it known that the chaos the US created in Vietnam was by design. They had no intention of bringing order to the place, there were too many officers enjoying themselves and too many contractors making fortunes. Sound like any recent wars? 




 Counterinsurgency is a deeply flawed notion. It comes from the British repression of Malaysian communists after WW2, and the world's military forces hold it like Bible truth that what the British did there worked when in fact all that happened was brutal repression that increased the communist presence in rural areas. Vietnam's hearts and minds program was a major joke, they used to have warehouses full of color TVs and beer like the army couldn't think of anything better America could bring to an ancient culture like Vietnam. Having spoken with some military people about this, my impression is that officers really believe this garbage works but grunts know from experience that the countries we occupy become ungovernable mayhem. It all comes down to money in the end, right? Counterinsurgency equals LOTS of contracts. 




 I'll check it out, thanks. 




 No it hasn't. The first reported case was back in the 70s 




 Something about this attack makes me sad, thinking about the parents whose kids were in that village in Laos and they never got to bury them or hear the truth about how they died. I did research for a book set in the Vietnam War and was finding all these accounts of US soldiers joining the NVA and actually fighting with the North or the VC. 




 I think that's where I learned about it originally. If you look at a map, the disease vector for the spread of Lyme from the 70s onwards points like an arrow right at the Germ Lab which was a major Cold War Bio Chem research site. Essentially Lyme is a neurotoxin and anyone who gets it goes through hell. 




 How about Rosebud? 









 Apparently US embassy personnel during that era received hardship pay because so many workers and officials were developing illnesses including leukemia. 





























 The troops are there because the corrupt Baltimore police force have been killing people for years and couldn't get their shit in order. The riot was inevitable. Anyone who knew Baltimore is amazed it didn't happen way earlier.  




 That breaks my fucking heart. 









 Clarence "I found a pube on my Coke" Thomas? We should devote an entire day to that guy on this sub. 




 Word.

[Agent Orange and Monsanto](https://www.organicconsumers.org/old_articles/monsanto/agentorange032102.php) 














 Erm except for this:
[Monsanto has sued farmers 16 years never lost a case](http://www.fooddemocracynow.org/blog/2014/sep/6/monsanto_has_sued_farmers_16_years_never_lost_case) 




 Pan y tierra muchacho! Pan y tierra! 




 No pasaran!

 




 It's an instinctive thing. People don't want to face it especially when there's usually plausible deniability. I can't blame people for being freaked about the rabbit hole. People don't want to know. But the thing is it only takes a few percent of the population to get it for change to happen. 




 Who loves ya! 




 One more thing: use a TOR browser. VPN alone is insufficient. Look into getting something called Pretty Good Privacy. 




 Unfortunately you'll be grouped in with them. Another tip is to contact organizations that you respect in other countries. Here's a very old one, the IWW, also known as the Wobblies,  check them out and if you agree with their views or even if you don't, consider contacting them for advice or help: [the IWW](https://www.iww.org.uk/) 




 Serious advice: be paranoid. Cover your identity carefully. Only send e-mail if you can secure it. Stay anonymous. Use VPNs. Wipe traces of what you do. Organize yourselves but be smart. Be careful who you trust, you WILL be infiltrated. Never openly advocate violence or let anyone trick you into advocating that. Watch a movie called the Battle of Algiers from the 50s for amazing tips on organizing secretly using the principle of threes. Don't openly call yourselves Anarchist. Stick to something like left wing libertarian or another nicer sounding name. 
Be smart, be safe, and good luck! I wish you the best, it makes me very happy to hear that your group exists! 




 Holy shit, infrastructure... forgot about that. That's one we really need to talk about more on this sub. What a disgrace American infrastructure is now! 




 It's all in the timing. 




 He's practicing luring his prey in close, so he doesn't have to waste bullets. He can just gut his target with a Bowie knife. 




 Exactly. I think that's a huge part of the equation. 




 Funny you say Iraq. I think you could make a case that this is an example of blowback. 




 What Bieber listening drone downvoted KRS1? Take this: [Sound Of Da Police ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jcojxeMibA) 




 Just subscribed. Great sub. 




 KRS1 had it right:

Overseer, overseer, overseer, overseer
Officer, officer, officer, officer

Yeah, officer from overseer
You need a little clarity, check the similarity

 




 Diet and exercise are probably a little too much to ask. Better to slice it off or medicate. 









 Thin air. Seriously.  




 We need a new civil rights movement against police power. 




 People outside this sub have a hard time accepting there's such a thing as brainwashing, but THIS is what brainwashing looks like. It's very intentional, and it's insanely effective. 




 This scares the living shit out of me. If it doesn't scare the living shit out of you, you've been brainwashed.  




 It could have paid for education and health care for the whole country. As it is we have a trillion dollar student debt bubble that is about to pop. The next recession is going to be violent.  




 Yes we are. Martial law has many layers, and we've been living under it since WW1. There have been decades long programs to keep people under control. This goes back to the violent suppression of socialist and anarchist groups in 1918 by the Bureau of Investigation, precursor to the FBI. Eddie Bernays work in propaganda and later PR was massively connected to dissuading people from radical politics by promoting consumerism. Our society has been deliberately kept docile and apolitical.

Troops on the street are a manifestation of the existing reality. They come out when the powers that be feel they are useful. Just because troops are not on the ground during certain periods, don't be fooled into thinking that there's no martial law. 




 Join [the Rent is Too Damn High Party](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rent_Is_Too_Damn_High_Party) 




 My instinct is that this is a fake because of the blinking and Christmas lights. But if it's true that a news crew took the footage, I don't know what to think. I've seen a couple of weird UFOs before but they weren't like this. This is like the Close Encounters ship. 




 Bowart was in many ways a counter-cultural hero. He started as an editor of the underground newspaper the [East Village Other](http://eastvillageother.org/) and became a fearless researcher into America's darkest secrets. Anyone interested in conspiracy theory should know about his work.

[Walter Bowart page on Whale site](http://www.whale.to/b/bowart.html) 









 Wow, thanks for the info. I'll look into this. 




 I'm scared these cameras will end up being used against ordinary citizens. I would prefer laws to be strengthened to protect people who wish to film or record the police.  




 [Further confirmation of this insane law](https://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20071224165014AAcftxO) 









 That's why I still think a lot of this has to do with military technology because the proximity of events to military bases is typical.  




 No, there are fun sized candy bars in my real world. 




 You got it. 




 You're right on points one and two that a lot of stuff has been happening that is just criminal. However I totally disagree on point three, I know people in Baltimore and the activism during the Ferguson protests and since has been widespread. The organized protests against the Freddie Gray killing were big and peaceful. I think there has to be a distinction between people who engage in criminality and the majority who do not.  Many of those involved in organizing protests against the police have been on the front line attempting to stop the violence. 




 Or he'll be in some blockbuster starring a journalist as the hero who saves everyone. Hollywood is predictably twisted that way. 




 Mark Passio's really good. He had a good talk where he was explaining that Anarchism doesn't mean a society with no rules but instead a society with no rulers. 




 After a few years where I feel like the UFO issue has been overshadowed by other stuff, things seem to be heating up again: [San Diego Lights yesterday](http://www.nbcsandiego.com/news/local/Mysterious-Lights-Spotted-Above-San-Diego-301729021.html). 




 It's how they're covering the riots. They always cover riots because they can whip people up and scare them and that sells papers. 




 [You break the law every day without knowing it](http://www.zerohedge.com/contributed/2013-10-22/you-break-law-every-day-without-even-knowing-it) 




 So many of the stories about police abuse follow a narrative of "the bad cop" deviating from all the good cops, but this case in South LA really shows how systemic the problem is when it comes to how the police view and deal with the public. 









 You mean the cops should behave themselves better? I agree. As for doing an illegal U-turn every now and then, we've all been there. People do what people have got to do. If you're white you get a ticket when they catch you, if you're a person of color, you get arrested and/or beaten. 




 The final episode of the Almighty Johnsons. 




 Media bias that regularly paints ordinary citizens as violent animals is a conspiracy. Maybe it's an intentional one by power elites or maybe it's a systemic one caused by the financial bottom line of the media companies who need to sensationalize everything in order to sell copy, but it's still a conspiracy because in the end the media distorts reality and people get harmed because of that distortion. 




 Just like all those rich neighborhoods where no one does drugs? Or the middle class or blue collar ones that are so drug free? Drugs are everywhere, so why is it only poor people get locked up for them?  




 What's great about this is that after Morgan Freeman offers a nuanced perspective about how maybe just maybe some elements of the media are starting to listen to protestors after their shameful misrepresentation of them in Ferguson, the reporter then sensationalizes Freeman's message by focusing on his throwaway line at the end thus proving that the media really does suck. 



















 Great quote. 




 Fuck the law. 




 If people want to do drugs, let them. Who gives a shit? What kind of moralistic assholes give a shit about people doing drugs? I mean, I don't personally do drugs, but listening to assholes telling me how evil drugs are makes me want to get high as fuck. 




 We have 5% of the world's population and 25% of the world's prison population. We have far more prisoners than China including Chinese political prisoners. We also have legalized slave labor as enshrined under the Constitution which exempts prisoners from the prohibition on forced labor. And trust me, what's happening in Baltimore has a lot to do with African American men being removed from society for prolonged periods of time to serve sentences for non-violent drug crimes. How can communities function let alone grow and thrive when all the men are taken from them? And at least Stalin's gulags weren't for profit.  




 Pretty intense, I'd want to know more about the video before judging it. As an aside, why are the comments in /r/news always so stupid? I mean, no one can say anything that isn't jokey. Can't they ever say their opinion without trying to make it seem cute or ironic? I hate leaving this sub for other subs. 




 Another dimension of this is that Weld comes from one of the most powerful and wealthy families in American history. William Weld was governor of Massachusetts for example.  




 It's kind of nuts, that's why it's hard to follow.  The theory says that Tuesday Weld, sixties actress, was at the center of a satanic underground. She does pop up in a lot of places including the Stones song Ruby Tuesday. She had connections to the Sharon Tate murder and to a ton of esoteric goings on during the 60s and 70s. The guy who is talking about this theory is named Jeff Turner and there was an amazing documentary about him called I Think We're Alone Now. This is one of the weirder conspiracies to come out of the sixties. 









 I guess what I'm saying is Bernays taught the black magic and Hoover acted on it. 




 So - if I've got this straight - if they get caught it's a conspiracy, but if they don't get caught, we're tinfoil wearing loonies. 




 No other single human being is so responsible for brainwashing the masses as he was. People point to Bernays, but he was just trying to dupe us into buying shit we don't need. Hoover set groups against one another and turned this into a spiteful, paranoid country. It's like we're living inside the guy's twisted head. 




 Or better yet, sit your five year old in front of this: [COINTELPRO](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDbVIDJnPzA) 




 I'll give it a stab: Hoover... bad man... FBI program to frame and disrupt political activities by blacks, Latinos, lefties, and college kids... highly illegal... Fred Hampton and other Panthers murdered... Vietnam protesters harassed, John Lennon followed, mass infiltration of activist groups that continues to this day.
I'm assuming I'm talking to a really smart five year old.
In a nutshell: America is far more right wing today because of COINTELPRO. 




 Sorry to spam, but here's a discussion of this history from Democratic Underground: (http://www.democraticunderground.com/discuss/duboard.php?az=view_all address=104x4086438) 




 This was a classic technique from  [COINTELPRO](http://disinfo.com/2013/01/the-return-of-cointelpro-2/) and they're still going strong! 




 This is seriously fascinating stuff. I'd like people to keep a keener eye on the behavior of the super rich. 




 [America](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDbVIDJnPzA) 














 [Rupert Sheldrake's The Science Delusion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JKHUaNAxsTg).
It's called the cult of scientism. Science and scientific method are great. Dogma is not. 




 Ironic somewhat that #14 has 12 points and is complaining about being deprived of a right to due process. Apologies if I'm reading this wrong. Could be a Reddit glitch for all I know. 




 Kaczynski drew much of his philosophy from Ellul and in particular the book I posted called Technological Society. In fact they had a long correspondence where the one thing they disagreed about was the use of violence. Check it out, you might find it interesting even though it was originally written in the 50's! 




 Cool. I think you essentially have the idea. It's about human beings becoming more purposeful with their use of technology, taking the reigns back and not just having blind faith in technological systems. Technology certainly can save us, but we have to cultivate the wisdom to use it better than we do at present. Hope you find it interesting. 




 I'm for non-violence but not necessarily peace. Creative non-violence was a powerful movement in the 70s and 80s. Collective civil disobedience can work wonders. Maybe one could argue that what we're seeing in Baltimore fits in with that. But when movements target the police or military, they're falling into a trap because those violent entities feed off of attempts at violence used against them. They love violence. Their budgets balloon, they get to seize control, they get to fear monger the public. Any act of violence - as opposed to destruction of property that results in no harming of human beings - any attempt at violent resistance will be fuel to the fire of these authoritarian forces.
Resistance needs to be smart and sustainable, but it probably shouldn't obsess over being peaceful. 




 If anyone is interested, here's a link to Ellul's masterpiece [Technological Society](http://monoskop.org/images/5/55/Ellul_Jacques_The_Technological_Society.pdf). 

No other book has had more of an influence on me.  Ellul is criminally forgotten, but his ideas are more relevant than ever. 




 I've watched this a bunch of times, but never straight through. I always get sidetracked looking stuff up. The David Ovason book The Secret Architecture of Our Nation's Capital that he bases some of this material on is a great read. 




 Hey, we've all been there. I come from a long line of cops and soldiers. It took me a while to wake up. Your co-workers will get there. We're all on the same side. 




 If anyone is interested, here's a link to Ellul's masterpiece [Technological Society](http://monoskop.org/images/5/55/Ellul_Jacques_The_Technological_Society.pdf). 

No other book has had more of an influence on me.  Ellul is criminally forgotten, but his ideas are more relevant than ever. 




 Thanks for posting that. Great video. That mirrors what I've gone through the last few years. Everything we discuss on this sub basically boils down to a war we're all in over human consciousness. The way to win the war is to reclaim your own mind and trust that others will follow this act of sanity.  



















 It's in 23 parts. No one in their sane mind would watch it all the way through. It shows Masonic symbolism in Washington and elsewhere. 





























 Good for them. I used to live next to Tufts and can say they seemed like the least apathetic/most politically aware kids in the Boston area. 




 I think your shift key may have some gunk weighing it down. 




 I hope that's it. And I really have very little against him. I just like to ignore Presidential campaign politics for as long as I can. 




 Holy crap, didn't see that. But this is a very old rumor, one I heard about when I was a kid. Barbara Bush's mother did meet Crowley and Aleister and Barbara look very similar. 




 You're spot on. And Kubrick was God. He absolutely exposed everything to anyone able to read his films. He was playing hyperdimensional chess with his audiences. 




 Not sure I follow you. 




 JFK was the last President who was foolish enough to think that the Presidency has any control over the military establishment. Stanley Kubrick said something once to the extent that you should run away in fear from anyone in power and from anyone who even wants to be in power. 




 At the very least, Barbara Bush is the spitting image of the Great Beast. 









 I wonder if it's easier to get on the front page from conspiracy in terms of lower vote count than from other subs? I mean I don't hate Sanders but political spamming two years before the election gets on my nerves. 




 And some more stuff: http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/article3255.htm 




 The pollution in this region on both sides of the border is intense.

 









 [Sheldon Adelson bribed Chinese officials to get his casino in Macau](http://mediamatters.org/blog/2014/03/31/bribery-money-laundering-and-islamaphobia-the-s/198684) 




 Good Howard Zinn lecture on this: [The Three Holy Wars](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XUBYI97cUgU) 




 Who the fuck is voting this comment down? I don't trust these Sanders postings at all. They seem to be coordinated. 




 I used to like Bernie Sanders but all these Bernie Sanders postings have convinced me that he's probably a schmuck just like all the other ones. Anyone who would run for high office is probably a mental case. 




 This stuff is pretty intense and weird but I would be interested to read anyone's opinion about it. 









 The conspiracy is more in the sanitization of the military in this age of embedded journalism. This is a historical piece which muddies that picture. Obviously a piece that was originally published in the New York Times was hardly a secret, but it came in the pre-digital age and deserves to be discussed in a forum where people haven't been completely lulled to sleep when it comes to discussing the reality of the military and its actions. 




 More like 14 to 18 year old boys because that's the age group they need to get to in order to have a chance at these guys entering the recruitment pool. Older than that and recruitment gets harder and harder. 




 Sorry to hear about that. A lot of what drives my interest in military issues is how Vietnam vets were treated when I was a kid. I used to talk with a lot of those guys and it pissed me off for life.  Gulf War syndrome was very widespread and played down. The official explanation was that soldiers got sick from burning oil fumes. The reality was there were a lot of chemicals released/bombed. The whole region was and is a toxic wasteland. Which reminds me, I've been meaning to post some stuff on depleted uranium. 




 You mean [this guy](http://www.mediaite.com/online/excuse-me-shut-up-bernie-sanders-defends-israel-from-town-hall-hecklers/)? 




 There was so much disgusting stuff that happened in the first Gulf War, and it just got presented to the public like it was some kind of easily won video game. It was all pretty brutal. 




 U.S. Army Buried Iraqi Soldiers Alive in Gulf War
By ERIC SCHMITT, 
Published: September 15, 1991
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14 United States Army forces buried alive scores of Iraqi soldiers in their trenches in the early hours of the allied ground attack that ended the Persian Gulf war, Army commanders said this week. 
The deaths took place during the operation in which American M1-A1 tanks of the First Infantry Division cut lanes through a 10-mile-wide stretch of barbed wire, minefields, bunkers and trenches north of the Iraqi-Saudi Arabian border on Feb. 24 as the allied ground offensive unfolded. 
Army officials said the Iraqi soldiers who died remained in their trenches as plow-equipped tanks dumped tons of earth and sand onto them, filling the trenches to insure that they could not be used as cover from which to fire on allied units that were poised to pour through the gaps. Avoiding Hand-to-Hand Combat 
The Army said it knew the operation would kill Iraqis who did not surrender or otherwise get out of the way, but said the tactic spared the lives of American soldiers who would have had to leave the safety of their armored vehicles and fight Iraqi troops hand to hand in the trenches. 
"People somehow have the notion that burying guys alive is nastier than blowing them up with hand grenades or sticking them in gut with bayonets," said Col. Lon Maggart. "Well it's not." 
Colonel Maggart, commander of one of two brigades that led assaults on a key line of Iraqi defenses, said in a telephone interview from Fort Riley, Kan., that between 80 and 250 Iraqis had been buried alive. Army officials said the First Infantry's experiences had been the only incidents of live burials during the war. 
At a news conference here on Thursday, the Pentagon spokesman, Pete Williams, defended the tactic and said it did not violate the Geneva Conventions on the conduct of warfare. "I don't mean to be flippant, but there's no nice way to kill somebody in war," Mr. Williams said. 
The disclosure of the live burials, which were first reported in Newsday this week, seems likely to add to the debate about how forthcoming the Pentagon has been in providing details about the toll suffered by the Iraqi Army at the hands of American forces. 
Army officials strongly denied any attempts to hide the breaching operation, and pointed out that senior commanders had given extensive interviews about the maneuver after the war. 
Journalists in combat pools were assigned to the First Infantry during the breaching operation, but none of their reports mentioned the live burials. In fact, the reports noted that few slain Iraqis had been visible in the bunkers and trenches. 
The Pentagon has provided no official estimate of Iraq's overall casualties. The Defense Intelligence Agency issued a heavily qualified analysis in June estimating that 100,000 Iraqis had been killed and 300,000 wounded in the war but said the figures had a 50 percent margin of error. 
Breaching operations are among the most dangerous maneuvers for ground troops. Obstacles like minefields and barbed wire can slow advancing forces, leaving them particularly vulnerable to enemy attack. 
Colonel Maggart said two the First Infantry units had punched 16 tank-width lanes in the Iraqi defenses. 
In most cases M1-A1 Abrams tanks mounted with a plow were positioned on either side of and parallel to the Iraqi trenches, the colonel said. The ditches were typically several hundred yards long, three feet wide and four feet deep. Operating like snowplows, the tanks drove alongside the ditches, filling them in. Colonel Maggart said that in most cases, Iraqi troops had enough time to see the plows coming, jump out of the trenches and surrender. Gunners Beside Plow Tanks 
For those Iraqi soldiers who continued to resist from outside the trenches, Bradley fighting vehicles equipped with heavy machine guns and 25-millimeter cannon drove alongside the plow tanks, Colonel Maggart said. 
"The Iraqi soldiers that were killed in this process were those that chose to stay in their trenches or behind obstacles and fight during the breaching operation," Mr. Williams said. But neither Colonel Maggart nor Mr. Williams said how they could be sure that wounded Iraqi soldiers had been able to get out of the trenches in time. 
Colonel Maggart estimated that the Iraqi forces he had faced had numbered between 800 and 1,000 -- the 110th Brigade of the 26th Iraqi Infantry Division -- and had had four T-55 tanks. No one was killed in Colonel Maggart's brigade, which consisted of 5,222 soldiers, 125 M1-A1 tanks and more than 50 Bradle fighting vehicles. 
He said that the daytime breaching operation, including the ditch filling, had been completed in about three hours, and that the brigade had continued its advance after securing its breach zone, an area of roughly 35 square miles. 
 




 That's why I come here!
 









 Thank you, I've been looking for info about this. 




 I can't watch NFL because of the blatant, non-stop militaristic propaganda. 









 They talk about this shit on NBC and never mention Building 7? Seriously, why don't they just tell me which brain vat is mine so I can just lie down in it now. 




 That could have ended very differently.  




 I thought that was the theme of every day on here! 




 I'm not sure I agree with him about video games being to blame. I think it's too easy to demonize these games. In my opinion, porn is more of a culprit along with chemicals in the environment. 









 Seriously, watch it. It's fucking shocking stuff. 









 Good Canadian documentary on this: [The Disappearing Male](http://topdocumentaryfilms.com/the-disappearing-male/) 




 Those ARE the beautiful ones. They're beautiful because they spend all their time obsessively grooming themselves instead of trying to survive. 




 Great find. I would like to see a lot more solid info about the growth of these companies on this sub. They are mentioned in this article: http://www.vice.com/en_ca/read/wall-street-at-war-0000515-v21n12 




 More info on [the Behavioral Sink](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Behavioral_sink).

Basically overcrowding in modern society turns us all into a bunch of preening, asexual narcissists.  




 ~~I think it's from the Louis Theroux documentary on Hypnotism~~ Sorry, wrong info. 

The clip of Delgado stopping the bull is on the net as a news reel from the sixties.  














 Another take on it from someone steeped in shadow government intrigue: [Peter Levenda and the Secret Space Program](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cj2qrl6Q2rk) 




 I was thinking the same thing. It's weird. I mean the guy doesn't offend the core of my being or anything, but at the end of the day he's a politician. 




 If you don't believe this kind of technology is possible, research MKULTRA and particularly Dr Jose Delgado and look at what he was able to achieve as far back as 1965 with mind control of a bull: [bull experiment]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aa2FvH7ojBM 




 Thanks! Much appreciated. 




 Thanks! 




 That's interesting. Can you refer me to any other reading critical of AI? 




 Consider the astonishing coincidence that the two musicians most active in the Anti-Vietnam War movement - Joan Baez and Phil Ochs - both developed late adult onset multiple personality disorder which is just extremely rare in people over thirty years of age. Consider the possibility that Hendrix was killed because he turned political over the war. His manager Mike Jeffery was likely an agent in MI5.  














 any links to such raids? 














 He's talking about opponents of climate change! He's not admitting to spending that money! Don't be thick. 




 I call bullshit. The title is just wrong. I'm no fan of the CFR but I am a fan of truth. The CFR members are discussing the millions spent by the carbon energy industry to distort the debate on climate change. Whatever opinion you may hold on that debate, they are simply not admitting in this video that the CFR is spending millions to intentionally distort the debate. 

There are so many things you could post about the CFR that would criticize its activities that would be truthful, why resort to lying in your title? THis kind of propaganda, because that's what you're doing, doesn't help people in any way. 




 Very disturbing stuff. Needs to be discussed more on here. 




 These systems break when they run out of fuel. I think our job is to be as ready as possible for the day that comes because it will be intense. 




 Serious answer, and this is from personal experience: start with your own life and see how much control you can take back in that. A big change for me has been diet. I eat healthier food now than I used to, I think more clearly. I do more things because I have more energy. Some of these things are for myself, some for others. People need to reach out to each other more. This isn't just hippy BS, this is the only way to replace enormous inhuman systems. Stuff like diet and exercise can be as political as anything. Talking to people is a political act when the powers that be are happy for us to be at each others throats. Above all, educate each other. There is no system we need, just a million common sense things that humans used to do naturally. 




 Thanks man, nice to be called young once in a while! 




 I think that at the level of the people who control banking and policy, profit isn't the biggest goal. They create money out of the air as it is, so I can't believe profit means everything to them. I think they use profit for their ultimate goal which is control. Powerful people like to control other people. We're everything to them. We're their toys. 




 Right now the public is a bank utility. 




 The alternative is already there. It's who people already are. We just need large scale systems to get out of their way. We don't need the old systems replaced with new systems. I don't want to replace one elite with another one. 




 Then you're one of the lucky ones. And seriously, good for you. I have no problem with that. But some of the places I've been in America have been disheartening in the extreme. Places where all the jobs have been sucked out and sent abroad and the local police maintain law and order by basically considering all the poor people who are left there as criminals. We could do a lot better than this. 




 It reminded me of that old show Dark Shadows. Very aristocratic. Mind you, we were just there for the beach. 




 Why would the lack of empire make you suffer? Your life might improve markedly.  




 I stand corrected. And for those monitoring this conversation: I won't do it again. 




 Hedges has outlined alternatives repeatedly in his books and articles and on Truthdig. He may skim over it here, but he isn't some nihilist. 




 But what if the dead priest was actually a saint, and by some miracle his body is still there fifty years later smelling of roses? What then?  




 Agreed. Just in comparison, the minerals buried in the ground in Afghanistan are off the charts. 




 Replace it by decentralizing and focusing on the local and the communal. For example, take apart the agribusiness infrastructure in America to focus on smaller farms delivering produce locally. The food gets tastier and healthier, work gets created in the process. Or better yet, focus on people growing their own food as used to happen. Take this example and apply it to any major system, you can find great alternatives to the top down model. Health care, criminal justice, education, everything works better when the starting point is local rather than national/ international. 









 Very creepy, but this is already a reality here in many ways both seen and unseen. Credit scores are a huge way of controlling people's behavior for example. God knows what kind of scores the intelligence agencies keep on us. 




 From the piece:
 If you want change you can believe in, destroy the system. And changing the system does not mean collaborating with it as Bernie Sanders is doing by playing by the cooked rules of the Democratic Party. Profound social and political transformation is acknowledged in legislatures and courts but never initiated there. Radical change always comes from below. As long as our gaze is turned upward to the powerful, as long as we invest hope in reforming the system of corporate power, we will remain enslaved. There may be good people within the systemSanders and Elizabeth Warren are examplesbut that is not the point. It is the system that is rotten. It must be replaced.  









 And who cleans up that mess? Whoever has to clean up the entrails can hardly be called free. More wage slavery in my opinion. 




 Don't be fooled. Heroin is small potatoes. Afghanistan has always been about the trillion dollars in minerals they want to extract from the ground there. 




 Am I still Charlie? What am I this time? 




 And speaking of Squeaky Fromme, you might appreciate this. After she got let out of prison, she settled near Lake Champlain, my old neck of the woods. A news crew trapped her in the parking lot of a Walmart with predictably hilarious results: (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5JEUlD0Z5A)

America, you couldn't make it up. 




 That's nuts. Brazen really. 




 I tend to agree on Manson that it was a part of a larger puzzle. The way the police left him alone even though he was on probation and accused of raping underage girls. There was some weird stuff in those years in So Cal with Gov Reagan's [Center for the Study and Reduction of Violence](http://www.whale.to/b/caul.html#The_Center_for_the_study_and_Reduction_of_Violence.)
Dave McGowan's Weird Scenes Inside the Canyon really raises some unsettling questions about mind control ops in the counter culture back then. 




 I suppose there are kids who dream of becoming anchormen or anchor people... whatever they call it now. Or the kids who want to grow up so they can work at call centers cold calling for debt collectors. 




 Isn't this the bunch that gave Bill Clinton his start in life? 




 Another disturbing aspect of Jonestown - among the many - was the connection between Jim Jones and Dan Mitrione, who was the CIA agent who basically taught South American police how to torture:[Dan Mitrione](http://jimhougan.com/wordpress/?tag=dan-mitrione). Jones was the guy's protege from the age of twelve in Indiana. 




 That's why when people use the phrase "drink the Koolaid" they don't understand how tragic it is. No one committed suicide. There were a thousand people murdered at Jonestown. Most disturbing of all is the possibility that the whole thing was connected to MKULTRA and was basically a mind control experiment that got out of hand. [The Black Hole of Guyana by John Judge](http://www.ratical.org/ratville/JFK/JohnJudge/Jonestown.html) 




 I posted this article earlier because I suspected there were Monsanto shills hovering around on the sub today, and the downvotes on comments have confirmed that. A message for the dweebs who work at PR agencies shilling for Monsanto: I'm an adult, I don't give a rat's ass about downvotes! You on the other hand are stuck in pretty much the lamest job I have ever heard of. You really need to re-evaluate the direction your life is going in. Quit. Get another job. Seriously. There are so many great things you could do in this world.  




 That's brilliant! 




 Me too. Amazing how much fresh material there was after so many years and all the research into the assassination. Jonestown is so unsettling, especially the links to the CIA who seem to have been on the ground there as the killings were going on. 




 True story, I swear... my wife and I were driving through Maine and went into Kennebunkport where the Bush family has its summer home. We drove past the road leading to their compound, and there were like a dozen vultures at the entrance chewing on the carcass of some dead animal. There's just something about the guy. 




 If you have a spare ten hours, this is well worth a watch:

[Evidence of Revision](http://topdocumentaryfilms.com/evidence-of-revision/) 





























 Conrad was an unbelievably good person. Not only did he raise awareness of these atrocities, he also used satire to show up the do-gooders of his time who said they cared about Leopold's abuses in the Congo even though most of these people didn't consider the Africans fully human. 

Another massive hero in bringing these killings to light was [E.D. Morel](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E._D._Morel) who was a shipping agent in Liverpool who figured out that something was wrong from inconsistencies in shipping manifests. He did some detective work and uncovered the mass killings. 



















 Thanks. Blackwater/XE or whatever name they go by now is insanely creepy. It's like an independent kingdom with its own warlord and mercenary army. I think any connection to the hijackers from 911 is disconcerting in the extreme. 




 Imagine all these lizard people turning on one another. It would be like Godzilla vs Gamera in a fight to the death. 









 That is truly astonishing. Can this be verified as a real document? Not much shocks me anymore, but if this is real, I am seriously shocked. It's like a worm hole inside the rabbit hole. 




 This is bullshit. Sepp Blatter and FIFA? Somke kid with a website where people sell weed? Why don't the so called authorities go after some real criminals like the ones who crashed the economy? 









 How many of these sick fuckers are there? Maybe at this point it would just be easier and quicker if we compiled a list of the few people in power who don't like to have sex with children?  




 Yes for public logs 




 Astonishing fact I learned recently: the majority of rape victims in the US every year are male. This is due to the rape epidemic in the prison system and in the military both of which affect men more than women. 









 It's pretty pervasive and international, but I think there are still a few decent people even in government. Otherwise we would never hear about any of this. 




 But those types of users tend to have newer accounts. Voat doesn't let people vote down until they've had 100 upvotes. It seems like that must be harder to game. Reddit in comparison is still pretty easy to manipulate. 




 That sounds reasonable. As long as restrictions are transparent and evenly applied. In this case, there's no arbitrary decision for mods to make. Same rule applies to everyone. I don't see the problem. 









 I don't know about the comment, but it sounds like he was talking about the Franklin Coverup in Nebraska, and the Presidio case with Col Aquino in the case of the military base. England might be the ongoing parliamentary investigation into fallout from Jimmy Savile and other people in entertainment and in politics who have been outed as pedophiles. I don't know about Bulgaria. 



















 There is no such thing as mind control. There is no such thing as mind control. There is no such thing as mind control. There is no such thing as mind control. There is no such thing as mind control. There is no such thing as mind control. There is no such thing as mind control. There is no such thing as mind control. There is no such thing as mind control. There is no such thing as mind control.
God I'm sleepy. Maybe a nice can of Pepsi would do the trick. 




 I hear you brother. I'm all about the humans. Got no time for cyborgs or robots. 




 A great place to learn about his life and the terrible treatment he received is: [johnallegro.org](http://www.johnallegro.org/)

Allegro's books themselves first of all because they are mindblowing. Here's a PDF of his: [Sacred Mushroom and the Cross](http://gen.lib.rus.ec/book/index.php?md5=71B938446A8AF6363AF73D19876AFE40)
Also the Dead Sea Scrolls is an excellent read. His conclusions about Christianity are radical and highly controversial but backed up by his philological mastery. He believes that Christianity formed out of a cult that used hallucinogens, in particular the fly agaric mushroom. He makes a wild case for this with the original language of the Gospels.
 




 I get all my news from the US military, don't you worry about that. 




 That is fucking wild. Hats off to the Yemenis. The planet needs way more of this shit. 




 While I find Jan Irvin a bit hit and miss, anyone who supports John Allegro is fine in my books. Allegro was an absolute genius who was destroyed by some very powerful people owing to his conclusions about early Christianity formed while working on the Dead Sea scrolls. He was a MAJOR scholar of ancient religion and language who was demonized and broken. Everyone on this sub should know about his story, this is the archetype of a conspiracy. I'll definitely listen to this. 














 Because Google isn't creepy enough already. 














 And just came across this while I was looking for another conspiracy I half remember from Australia:
[Nazi pedophile ring in Australia](https://independentaustralia.net/life/life-display/trapped-inside-australias-vast-child-abuse-network-part-1,6460) 




 American Buddha is good. He's been around forever and has a huge index of weird books on esoteric and radical topics. He's out of the goofy sixties underground which tends to be pretty reliable. The sources are cited in the article like Victor Marchetti who wrote a classic text exposing the CIA. Their involvement is really well established but info on recent decades is very hard to come by. Info was more freely available thirty or forty years ago, ironically! 




 This guy really seems like a hero. 




 Try this: [CIA in Australia](http://www.american-buddha.com/cia.australia.htm) 









 I really appreciated your use of bullet points. It made your argument both clear and presentable. Well done. 
























 That's good to know. I think I stated that wrong. Apple cider vinegar was used by Greek protestors to prevent breathing in tear gas. They would soak bandanas and apparently it helped to prevent getting any tear gas breathed in. 














 Censor this Ellen. 









 Fuck Ellen Pao. 




 Now that is one funky looking mushroom. I may look into this. 









 I can attest to this. Very good thing to start taking. I've also used a couple of drops in my Neti pot to absolutely cure sinusitis. It's supposed to be the best antidote to tear gas though I haven't tested that out. Everyone should be taking this stuff. 



















 Yes but it would be nice if you could actually comment on this specific article. 




 Can't see anything wrong with that. Why not read the article and then comment on the specifics of what they're saying about Obama's policies? Counterpunch is always well argued. Give a good argument back if you disagree with what they're saying. 




 I've been reading it for years and basically consider it left wing libertarian, but mostly they're iconoclasts. 




 I grew up in DC and was around a lot of people at the top of the food chain earlier in life. They are usually really smart but incredibly unquestioning. It's a weird combination that you'll find is very prevalent at Ivy League schools. There's an almost cult like aspect to their failure to ever question whatever echo chamber they happen to be in. In my opinion, the smartest people don't tend to get a sniff at the higher levels of power unless they have a degree of sociopathy about them. People with a high emotional IQ don't get anywhere near those jobs. They don't usually get into Harvard or Yale. Really brilliant people from STEM backgrounds might climb the ladder within a think tank or NASA or some research facility but they'll hit the wall at a certain point when politics comes into play especially regarding getting funded. 









 Expect a few shills on this. Big Pharma needs to be covered a lot more on this sub. Here's a good documentary that gives an intro to the history behind the modern medical establishment: [Origins of Medical Industry Corruption ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NheKUW6kGuY) 




 Please take them! Just leave us Neil Young and we're good. 









 That movie Source Code felt like someone was using predictive programming to prepare the audience for an attack on Chicago. Or maybe the shadow government gets inspiration for its black ops from these stupid movies. 




  Sadly, we are still fighting those battles, whether here in the USA in Ferguson or Baltimore, or in Gaza or the Negev, wherever the oppressed need us to raise our voices unafraid.  We need to stand shoulder to shoulder with them, our brothers and sisters, until true equality and justice are won. 

Interesting point here. Maybe other countries should consider a cultural boycott of the US until we get our shit together? If the Canadians ever pull out, our entertainment industry is fucked. 














 This absolutely scares the living shit out of me like nothing else I've read on this sub. People have no idea what's about to happen to them. 









 The British public has done pretty damn well over the years with revolts. Look up the Poll Tax riots for a good recent example. Weapons aren't as important in revolt as will. 









 Britain and Canada are increasingly following the American model in treating their citizens as criminals in need of constant monitoring. Irish people in the UK already went through this process back in the 70s, then it calmed down a bit and seems to be coming back with a vengeance targeting not only Muslims but also anyone outside mainstream politics. 




 Great quote from him: "I'm into science policy." Bet that works as a terrific chat up line in the  bars. 









 I've come to the conclusion that it's way more important to vote in local elections. Town council seats can be decided by dozens of votes and have a massive effect on how local communities are able to live. We have no say with the big stuff unless we organize at street level. 



















 Shouldn't there be a distinction between skeptic and debunker? I'm paranoid by nature and thus skeptical of everything but most of all debunkers. Popular Mechanics, I'm looking at you. 




 Fair enough, but I think those misdeeds do shed some light on the culture these people grew up in which is extremely elitist. 




 I'm reading a good book on him now by Gary Lachman. I don't think Crowley was evil but I do think he was more damaged than the average mystic and I don't trust him. He's fascinating, but at the same time he makes me suspicious of his motives. 
And while it may well be nonsense, is the Bush stuff really so crazy? I mean she looks JUST like him. 




 Exactly. War is about the people who already have more money than they know what to do with. They want toys. Instead of toy soldiers and model planes and tanks, they get to use the real thing. Just listen to how flushed and excited they get when they go on their stupid jaunts where the general shows off the latest gadgets. People who want to enter the highest levels of power all get addicted to the feeling of being able to use real people as playthings. 




 The irony is that the times I've received abuse have been outside this sub. This place has been relatively civil, but I'm sure the people coming up with these rules have us in their cross hairs. 




 Thanks. Interesting article. I'm still blown away by the interaction between American companies and Germany after the war started in Europe. Chemicals and pharmaceuticals, banking, information management systems, everything. We helped them a great deal well into the war. 




 While the Independent is right that the Rothschilds didn't make a killing on the stock market in the hours after Waterloo, they massively benefited from the economic downturn that followed it due to the winding down of the wartime economy. They were very wealthy before Waterloo and stratospherically wealthy after. This is similar to the way people like the Rockefellers benefitted from the stock market crash in 1929 by being the only ones with capital who could buy up basically sound companies that were faltering because of temporary liquidity problems. Capitalism makes these excesses inevitable and always leads to economic/political elites. 




 I get that, but it also means he has broken some serious federal laws and shouldn't be able to influence American elections to the extent that he does. 




 I posted this article because I found it interesting. If you want to see those articles, then go find them and post them. I will very happily read them.  




 What tip? 




 I largely agree with you though think it might just be possible. It only matters in so far as it shows the weird kind of synchronicities that happen when looking at elites. I'd be more freaked out if the Bush's had a genetic connection to Ayn Rand. 




 Brazil sounds fucking amazing. 




 That's awesome. 












































  The result was a culture within the tech industry often derided as  patch and pray. In other words, keep building, keep selling and send out fixes as necessary. If a system failed  causing lost data, stolen credit card numbers or time-consuming computer crashes  the burden fell not on giant, rich tech companies but on their customers.   














 For me the world we live in is a fusion of Brave New World, 1984, and Walden Two by Skinner. And I have an idea that Walden Two is even more determinant in shaping this present reality. The idea that people can be declared mentally ill because they fail to fit in. Ultimately everything ends up looking like Naked Lunch. 









 This story hits home for me because I grew up there and used to walk all over the place from age 8 onwards. It really freaks me out how lame Americans have become towards overprotecting their children, and these parents should be applauded. They seem really sane. 














 In WW1, African troops were considered to be more resistant to mustard gas and forced to march through it in front of other troops. I don't know if there was any truth to their resistance or whether it was some myth based on racial assumptions of the day, but I do know that troops were brought in from West Africa to fight in France specifically for this reason. 


































 I'm not really a fan of her music but she seems to have a bit more going on upstairs than the average pop star today.  

















































 Oh I get it. Because we're all drunks.  
























 Very compelling. She is an extremely lucid and articulate speaker. 




 [Angels Don't Play This HAARP](http://www.westcoasttruth.com/uploads/7/0/4/9/7049688/adpthaarp.pdf) 




 HAARP is a very controversial subject to say the least. My simple understanding of it is that the ionosphere is heated by antenna arrays and the energy thus created is then directed downwards towards a target on earth. I posted a link to a PDF of Angels Don't Play This HAARP above. Here is a short video if you can deal with the Moog in the background: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MTpYwf7lBCA

Tesla pioneered this technology and nearly destroyed a town in Colorado. If I'm remembering right, he used a similar principle but instead of using the ionosphere, he obtained an accumulation of energy by bouncing electricity off the earth's crust on the other side of the earth... ie using the earth itself as an amplifier. 




 A lot has been played down by the authorities especially the danger posed by the central core. I see a number of directions where cover ups seem to be occurring. Fish stocks in the Pacific are badly effected. Children in many parts of Japan outside of Fukushima are showing higher than normal rates of cancer. US naval personnel who assisted post tsunami have had some very unusual occurrences of leukemia and other illnesses. 




 I know, I was just laughing at that. I e-mailed the article to my wife and now I'm probably on some fucking list. 




 This wasn't a cumulative assessment. This was a year by year measure. The depressed economy has no bearing on the numbers. Take a look at 23 Thing they Don't Teach You About Capitalism for more info. It's not anti-capitalism per se, but challenges a few claims that are usually not addressed. As for IT or Bill Gates, no one is arguing that hasn't had a positive impact on the economy, but taken as a part of the larger economy, it hasn't been enough to lift productivity, real per capita income etc across the board. Zimbabwe is a terrible example. I used to live there and know a great deal about it. The land was ripped from the few and given to even fewer. It had nothing to do with helping the poor. 




 Just came across this. I don't know if I buy it, but it is interesting. 









 "Not always" is the negation. The negation isn't the same as the opposite. 




 Article about radiation contamination in Tokyo from Fukushima fallout: 

http://www.i-sis.org.uk/Tokyo_contaminated_and_not_fit_for_habitation.php 




 Economic growth during the period from 1950 to 1980 in the United States was, by almost every measure, double what it was in the following period from 1980 to 2010. This happened despite high end tax rates during the earlier period that targeted the wealthiest Americans. We are way less productive as a society when these brainless elites are allowed to make all the decisions about what to do with our economy. Most of them are not producers but horders. They put their capital into government bonds at best (facilitating the endless expansion of enormous, enslaving debt) or else into off shore accounts where the money just sits doing literally NOTHING for anyone, serving as some kind of bullshit trophy/bragging right about how rich they are. A good book on the subject is Ha Joon Chang's 23 Things They Don't Tell You About Capitalism:

(https://mafhom.files.wordpress.com/2013/02/23-things-they-dont-tell-you-about-capitalism.pdf)
 









 (http://www.dailybuddhism.com/archives/670) 









 I've done that before. Didn't say sorry though. 




 If you see Buddha on a smartphone, kill him. Or at least kick his ass. 









 That's my problem. I can't believe this will not be turned against average citizens given enough time for the cops to learn how to game the technology. 









 If you see Buddha on the road, kill him.
 









 How about [Love Canal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Love_Canal)? 
























 I'm pretty sure none of these assholes give a shit about real issues. They're too brainwashed to wake up. Fucking lemmings. 









 My problem with full legalization is only that corporations would then be able to advertise. I want to see bans on advertising and some kind of quality control regulation. I do think legalization is coming sooner than people think. 









 I definitely see drugs as a health care rather than a criminal issue. I also like the idea of decriminalization instead of legalization because that way corporations can't have the ability to market drugs. People need to be free to make their own mistakes. 














 Nice, I've actually been looking for some Situationist reading. And feel free to use the M word. Groucho is God. 









 Work stoppages seem to have helped folks in the fast food industry. Maybe we should all do our best to kill the Protestant work ethic. 




 [May 1968 events in France](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/May_1968_events_in_France) 









 I guess the problem is who is fixing the issues? If the same system that created these global problems in the first place is in charge of the fixes, then I can't see how that will turn out too well. I'm not 100% against GMOs, but I am against a system where Monsanto is in charge of them for example. 




 The first paragraph of the Unabomber Manifesto:

The Industrial Revolution and its consequences have
been a disaster for the human race. They have greatly
increased the life-expectancy of those of us who live in
advanced countries, but they have destabilized society,
have made life unfulfilling, have subjected human beings
to indignities, have led to widespread psychological suffering (in the Third World to physical suffering as well) and
have inflicted severe damage on the natural world. The
continued development of technology will worsen the si-
tuation. It will certainly subject human being to greater in
dignities and inflict greater damage on the natural world,
it will probably lead to greater social disruption and psy-
chological suffering, and it may lead to increased physical
suffering even in advanced countries. 









 Try this: [The New Atlantis - Secret Mysteries of America's Beginnings ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMhkf5mAGgA)

Also this: [The Secret Destiny of America by Manly P. Hall](http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/sociopolitica/secret_destinyamerica/secret_destinyamerica.htm) 




 I've read all his books. Now actually read the article. 



















 Why the fuck are you posting a link to a video that describes a sexually abused minor as a "sexy teen"? Seriously what the fuck? 









 That would be fun for sure. 




 There's so much stuff like this. The Belgians used to have safari parks with humans in them. In Spain, outside Barcelona, there was a stuffed African - I think he was a Koi bushman - up until the late 90's. 
























 You're right. It does sound harsh. And no, it couldn't.  




 Was aware of that. The point is it isn't so well known now and articles discussing it should be passed around. Also people are more willing to let such a figure slip into oblivion if the victims were African because people in the West assume this is normal for Africa.  




 I forgot to mention her cousin was working inside the Bush White House throughout the period and she had frequent contact with the White House. 




 I don't think he's one of the most hated people around because I don't think the average person could tell you who he was. Also, I'm posting an article written by someone else. It's interesting and worth looking at. Doesn't mean all the words or thoughts are mine. 







































 Brainwashed much? 




 Of course people reading /r/news won't be getting this information because it is considered "news analysis" and therefore forbidden. 





























 Just to make sure this doesn't seem like more BS one side good, other side bad political partisanship, here's a good article on Hillary: [The Vileness of the Clintons](http://www.counterpunch.org/2015/06/25/the-vileness-of-the-clintons/). I just hate all of these people, I really do. 









 It's only a matter of time. Prog, for all its excesses, has been unjustifiably maligned. I think a lot of the best prog like Yes is weathering the test of time. 














 [Chris Squire from Fish Out of Water](https://youtu.be/RA_wEnOVWcQ?t=160) 




 RIP He was an absolute legend. 







































 I just came across this last week:[Joni Mitchell with Jaco Pastorius and Pat Metheny](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bLKb9Ms68ME index=1 list=RDbLKb9Ms68ME) Not a bad band! 




 I'm dyslexic. I initially read this as "Ancient Greeks lining up at ATMs." Did kind of a double take. 





























 Montreal is great for creepy statues. Here's one I love on McGill College that has a theme of immigration to Canada. If you can see the people in the back, the ones who haven't made it to Canada yet, they're basically starving, near corpses:(https://www.google.com/search?q=montreal+statue+mcgill+college biw=1920 bih=922 source=lnms tbm=isch sa=X ei=W92NVd_hI4y0-AHCpJL4DA ved=0CAcQ_AUoAg#imgrc=IexeWSMv48y-VM%3A) 




 That leads to the question: what does it mean to be a democracy? 




 While it doesn't go nearly far enough, I was actually surprised that they did distribute their criticism. Here's the line from the report on the US: 

 There were worrying revelations by whistleblower, Edward Snowden that US intelligence agents spied on prominent human rights 
 organisations. Law enforcement authorities were accused of heavy-
 handedness and intimidation of protestors following demonstrations 
 against discriminatory treatment by police of African-Americans.

They could have gone on at length about how corporate interests have created legalized corruption that circumvents democracy, but maybe that makes the sequel. 




 I think the short answer is you can't. 




 Over two seasons fighting in the Octagon, you don't want to mess with that. 




 That exact same line leapt out at me.  



















 When I see the American flag now, I usually think "Bow to your sensei". 




 China also has enormous bubbles in property and currency. Somewhere between Greece, China, the US student loan bubble, and the TPP, I can't imagine we aren't in for a giant economic shock in the near future. 









 I've come across this site more and more. It's very glossy and predictably pro business, pro tech. Who is behind it? Their About Us section of their web site has a lot of bullshit about digital media and says it is linked from the Atlantic but who is funding it? It strikes me as being a strange site and the lack of comment sections on many issues is suspect. Is this just a huge PR thing? 




 There was actually an experiment like this in Canada during the sixties. It was only in one small city, in Manitoba but it was wildly successful. It went nowhere because of politics but for a couple of years they had a guaranteed basic income and unemployment fell to an all time low: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mincome 














 In an ideal world, these people would come with subtitles translating their corporatese into English. 
























 Ha! A Bhutanese Hamlet would probably be a happy Hamlet. 




 I've been following homesteading locally and would recommend sites that have localized info. Here's a good one for Buffalo to give an idea of how it works though there are a lot of others for different cities: http://buffalorising.com/2013/05/homestead-eligible-properties-buy-a-house-in-buffalo-for-a-single-dollar/ 




 Maybe Yankees caps? 




 I know exactly what you mean about not being able to paint apartments. Have you ever considered something like homesteading? Depending on your part of the country, it's becoming more common and is realistic for younger couples especially if there are homesteading groups near you. 




 In other news, Shakespeare believes that Hamlet should stay Danish and perplexed. 




 It's a shame we don't have some widely recognized symbol representing Northern racism that we could get these companies to ban. 




 I have a feeling that even a few minutes as King will allow him to do more damage than is conceivable.  









 I'm not sure if this is the country very many people actually wanted. I think a lot of people's wishes have been ignored or overturned by very powerful systems that don't take into account what average folks want or need. Corporations and government bureaucracy have a range of concerns that have little to do with improving the lives of the citizenry. Profit, power, trickle down, efficiency, all of these things have to line up before the quality of our lives is factored in. 














 Very hard to tell if these people are completely corrupt or just epically spineless. I stopped worrying about who is which a long time ago since it all ends up in the same ugly place.
 
























 But from the fish's perspective, maybe we're humans with fish looking teeth? 









 At least we can be sure it's somehow connected to him. 














 They forced a bunch of planes to land and examined them including one in Austria after Snowden initially went to Russia. At first, it was assumed that he had simply changed flights in Moscow. The Bolivian leader's private plane was forced to land after he'd visited Russia because it was suspected he might have Snowden on board. 




 Not much of a shock that these people are all spying on each other, but nice to have confirmation. 









 I don't think would make it to Iceland. His flight would likely be intercepted even if they offered him asylum. 




 Very interesting about Canada. I didn't realize that there was low turnout there. My lasting impression was from being in Quebec during the 1995 Referendum on secession when the voter participation was well over 90%. I guess people vote when they feel they can make a tangible difference. 




 I think the fact that Iceland is a parliamentary system helps to encourage participation because supposedly "fringe" parties have a real chance to gain seats in government. I'm not Republican or Democrat in the US and although I vote, I really don't feel like it means anything. 
























 That my friend is an excellent question. 




  Thus far, the United States has never really accepted the Nuremberg Code. While the code was being created, the U.S. was giving people syphilis in Guatemala. It did the same at Tuskegee. Also during the Nuremberg trial, children at the Pennhurst school in southeastern Pennsylvania were given hepatitis-laced feces to eat. 














 Purity of Essence! 

















































 The kind of revolution I want isn't just a change in leadership where we have some bloody fight and a new leader assumes his or her place at the top of the pyramid. Then we go back to the same old structure where people are basically slaves mindlessly plugging in to the machine. What interests me is the kind of revolution that happens when people wake up to the power they already have, the power that is inside of every human being, power that can't be taken away in a real sense - power that those at the top can only trick us into believing we don't have by using illusion and scare tactics. The revolution I want is one where people stop feeling scared all the time, where we feel like we have to wait around for permission from our superiors before we take action. I think this revolution is already here for many people. It will really take off when kids realize they don't have to pay a fortune to go to college for four years, that instead they can talk their way into jobs or else they can start their own careers. This revolution happens every time people take charge of their own lives, start getting in touch with their creative selves and the community around them. It'll happen when people start paying more interest to local politics than they do to the BS of Presidential politics. This revolution happens when people organize rent strikes, when they learn how to grow their own food. The truth is we don't need a Revolution. We need 300 million revolutions. 




 I would imagine there is wild variation between different subs for gender. Conspiracy seems pretty male, but then again I don't really know. 




 The Reader's Picks are always so much smarter than the NYT picks.  




 My post isn't really about Ellen Pao, it's about New York Times bias.  









 I hope someone hears this 500 years from now and thinks "God music used to be really good back then." 




 That was great. Really strong playing. 




 That's the nice thing about waking up. People who wake up never have to be bored ever again. 









 Well the shit we're in isn't something we can escape easily, but the number of mindless sheep is dwindling in my estimation. Just look at this site. A lot of trivial shit to be sure, but also a lot of increasingly radical opinions popping up in unexpected subs. There are comments sections of papers where people commenting have things figured out to a degree that the journalists writing the articles still haven't. 90% of people are basically asleep, but 10% aren't and that equates to a fuckload of people. And after all, how many do you need awake to have a revolution? Not 100% Maybe 15 to 20 % would do the trick. It's coming. You want proof? Check out the security measures the super wealthy are taking. They're scared. 




 I'm really not sure it was a failure at all. People see common ground now on issues like the NSA and civil liberties where we would have got bogged down in semantic bullshit before. We've started to look past left and right/ Fox news vs MSNBC contrived divisions. I have a lot of hope that our time is coming. The Empire is looking nervous. 




 Me and my folks were in two different states outside of New York state. One woman was in Brooklyn sharing with people. A guy in Virginia. Like I said, doors open, drawers open, nothing missing. Not NYPD in my opinion. The NYPD was present at the park but there were a lot of other weird people sniffing around. I had my photo taken more or less constantly while I was there. People kept using different ploys to get my name and biographical data/ address etc. 




 My place and my folks the same day in different cities. A couple of people I met there had it happen to them too. I found this out later, my wife was still in our place. Could be coincidence but it freaked me out a bit at the time. 




 The police did so much dirty shit, it was impossible to keep up. They went around telling drug addicts all over Manhattan that they should head to Zuccotti Park so they could get free food and clothes. The place filled up with junkies and then the media got to film it and say look at all these dirty protestors. A lot of the cops were sympathetic but then some group would show up with orders to intimidate people, driving motorcycles through groups of people on the sidewalk trying to provoke a reaction. There were a bunch of weird break ins in apartments right around that time where nothing was stolen, drawers gone through. 




 Seriously. They used the classic COINTELPRO playbook to break it up. 




 [William Sargant](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Sargant) 









 That mix was basically my experience of Occupy at ground level. Don't believe anything you read about it. It was incredibly diverse when I was there. Lots of Anarchists, Libertarians, old hippies, young people, families, every economic class from richest to poorest. It was really wild. 
And what happened was we got harassed out of existence by a bunch of nasty cops and infiltrators. 




 Because it is! It's also got a really good collection of  literature about the legal history of drugs. I'll be a little sad if they ever update the site. 




 For example: The DEA's Mission Statement and then the Schaeffer response to it:

**DEA's  Statement**: The mission of the Drug Enforcement Administration is to enforce the controlled substances laws and regulations of the United States and to bring to the criminal and civil justice system of the United States or any other competent jurisdiction, those organizations, and principal members of organizations, involved in the growing, manufacture, or distribution of controlled substances appearing in or destined for illicit traffic in the United States; and to recommend and support nonenforcement programs aimed at reducing the availability of illicit controlled substances on the domestic and international markets.

**Schaeffer response**:
That's a nice sounding statement, but the mission of the drug enforcement authorities in the United States has never been quite that simple.  The truth is that the DEA and its predecessors were primarily the result of the most cynical political ploys, and the history of these agencies is among the dirtiest and most ridiculous chapters of American history. 

For some good examples of this, we invite you read the many Historical References, particularly Professor Whitebread's Piece, The History of the Non-Medical Use of Drug in the United States, as well as the historical portions of   The Consumers Union Report on Licit and Illicit Drugs, and Dan Baum's excellent work on modern history, Smoke and Mirrors. 




 I just discovered this stuff. It got a lot of views before but since I'd never seen it before, I thought it might be good to re-post. Here's the trove of links if you're interested in digging: [moose archive](https://www.reddit.com/r/moosearchive/comments/1wflhm/archive/) 














 That was the committee, if I'm remembering right,  that accidentally stumbled across the forgotten trove of forgotten MKULTRA docs that John Marks used for Search for the Manchurian Candidate and Walter Bowart used for Operation Mind Control. 




 I thought she'd be wearing green. 




 A white dress? Seriously? 




 Son of Sam, Jim Jones, Kennedy committee on MKULTRA,  the wow! signal, and some damn fine punk records. 









 It's a real comeback! 




 I am so digging the downvotes on this one. 




  Ethereum

Interesting. Bring it on. Screw Cond Nast Publications. 









 Ellen Pao might be gone, but look at the people who are still here. 









 Thank you! Great resource. 




 Thanks to people who've posted, that's helpful. My own digging has found this: [Julian Assange: "Stratfor is a Private Intelligence Enron" ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D4moGc_BvY0). 

I'm starting to form the opinion that they're a kind of intelligence service for hire for corporations? A kind of intelligence version of Blackwater/Xe/Academi/whatever those people are calling themselves this week.

Worryingly, Stratfor seems to do a lot of investigation of activists and activist communities. Are there others like them out there? Are they into manipulating public opinion on popular message boards? 




 And Chinese and corporations. Etc... there is a lot of BS we have to swim through to get to reality. 




 Also see the Black Iron Prison of Philip K Dick: http://realitysandwich.com/218052/r-s-rereads-valis-by-philip-k-dick/ 




 I imagine it even happens on this sub on a regular basis.  




 I would appreciate any links or insightful analysis about their operations. Thanks. 




 The CIA has a long history of operations in Guyana: [The Black Hole of Guyana](http://www.ratical.org/ratville/JFK/JohnJudge/Jonestown.html) 




 Alternative historian and psychedelic researcher. Great writer. Try this: https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/3cpb5u/ 




 I would argue that the average person's eyes were more open forty years ago. Watergate and the Church committee revelations about MKULTRA not to mention the weirdness of Jonestown made a lot of people open their eyes to the darkness around them. For all the advantages of the internet, it can be an information tsunami that buries stuff that might wake people up. I think right at this moment, the powers that be are tightening their grip on info which has the twin effect of making info harder to come by but also of making it more precious. Arguably, the average Soviet intellectual used to be better informed about the KGB because of samizdat (illicitly passed around documents and information) than Americans currently are about the goings on of the NSA, the CIA, Stratfor etc... The depth of knowledge of American students about the CIA's activities in Vietnam and globally back in the pre-internet era was little short of astonishing for its bredth and accuracy. 




 John Judge was another one of my heroes. I wish everyone on this sub could read his article [The Black Hole of Guyana](http://www.ratical.org/ratville/JFK/JohnJudge/Jonestown.html). I'm sure you already know it. This is the article that probably sent me down the rabbit hole in the first place! Unless you count the  pictures of the massacre in Jonestown that were placed in newspapers when I was a kid. 




 More on Sharon Tate's father Paul Tate from [Miles Williams Mathis' fascinating site](http://mileswmathis.com/tate.pdf)

 Paul Tate
 All that is suggestive, but the biggest red flag in this whole charade is that Sharon's father Paul Tate was a
 colonel in army intelligence.
 
   That rank is just under general.  They don't tell us exactly in what capacity
 he served, of course, but they do admit he served for 23 years, (supposedly) ending in 1969.  So he started
 in 1946.  Interestingly, that is when army intelligence was split into various departments, including the
 CIA.  Yes, the CIA started in 1947.  

 In 1959, the Tates moved to Verona, Italy, where Paul Tate was stationed at Passalacqua, the headquarters
 for SETAF (Southern European Task Force).  This links him to 
 Operation Gladio
 .  General Maletti
 commander of Italian military intelligence at the time of the Tate murderslater testified in court that
 the CIA had been involved in many false flag operations in Italy and Europe, including murders and
 bombings, for the purpose of creating an Italian nationalism that was capable of halting what it saw as a
 slide to the left.  Sound familiar?  Maletti added, Don't forget that Nixon was in charge and Nixon was a
 strange man, a very intelligent politician but a man of rather unorthodox initiatives.  Nixon was in charge
 in 1969, but Operation Gladio had been instituted by Allen Dulles much earlier, and it was financed in
 large part by the US, through the CIA, which Dulles led under Eisenhower and Kennedy (1953 to late
 1961).  The Operation kicked into high gear in the late 50's to counter growing leftist movements,
 especially in Italy.  We must assume that is why Paul Tate was in Verona in 1959 with his family.  Paul Tate
 was not just military, he was a colonel in intelligence, which indicates he was probably involved in Gladio.
 One of these Gladio false flags was the Piazza Fontana bombing of 1969, just a few months after the
 alleged Tate murders.  The bombing was initially attributed to anarchists (violent hippies, you know), but
 it later came out in testimony like that of General Maletti that these bombings were really the work of the
 CIA, in league with other European intelligence agencies.   This indicates that Sharon Tate's own father
 was capable of organizing false flag events, and knew others who could help with whatever needed to be
 done, including faking deaths and pinning them on leftists.  You may think of the Tate murders as just
 one more Gladio false flag operation against the left.   Yes, the Manson murders were an instance of
 Gladio moving to the US. 




 We should pool together and do a superbowl ad. That could be fun.  




 We could use a Mae Brussell these days. Do you think she was killed? She was getting really deep into Michael Aquino stuff and satanic ritual abuse before she died. 




 They won't even let Graham Hancock speak, so I doubt they'll bee too keen on things that veer into MKULTRA, CHAOS, COINTELPRO etc... Who is behind Ted anyway? I'm not against them, but I would like to know more about their aims. 




 In other words, he ate his last meal with two of the victim's of the Manson family, the director of Rosemary's Baby - a movie about Satanic ritual - and another director who made the Manchurian Candidate - a movie about mind control. This was his company in the final hours of his life before he was killed, reputedly by a victim of mind control. Sharon Tate's father, incidentally, was a Colonel in Army Intelligence from 1946 to 1969. 









 It's this chart that scares me in particular: [How humans interact with one another, particularly online](https://prod01-cdn03.cdn.firstlook.org/wp-uploads/sites/1/2014/02/screenshot14.png). Notice the prominent place for the concept of magic at the top. 









 There are multiple sources for the police claims but it's in Ed Sanders book The Family.  




 Communist Jesus wants to believe that he doesn't exist, but he just can't accept the party's doctrine on this matter. 




 I saw that. The picture of Crosby and his dad cracks me up for some reason. 




 Amazing info, thanks! And not to forget, Frank Zappa's dad worked at Edgewood Arsenal making chemical weapons. 




 What's your opinion of this theory Dave McGowan wrote about in Weird Scenes Inside the Canyon that the whole hippy/summer of love phenomenon was basically a synthetic creation by the CIA to subdue the antiwar movement? 




 [The story of Essiac](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jojYLUwSjhI) 




 This stuff is very interesting though it draws conclusions that go beyond my own:

 The CIA had its own version of COINTELPRO, called CHAOS.  Again, this is not a conspiracy theory, it is
 now admitted by the CIA.  
 It is known that CHAOS
  was started by Johnson in 1967 and then expanded by
 Nixon in 1969.  It was directed by Richard Helms and run by the notorious James Jesus Angleton.  Nixon
 also linked COINTELPRO and CHAOS.  It went into its tightest security mode in July of 1969, the month
 before the Tate murders.   Seymour Hersh blew the whistle on CHAOS in a 1974 
 New York Times
  article.
 Since the 
 NYT
  is controlled by the CIA, we must assume this was mainly damage control: the admission of
 lesser crimes to cover larger ones.   One of the larger ones remaining hidden until now is the control of
 the Tate murders.   If Hersh really knew anything about CHAOS, he would have known of its premier
 operation, successful beyond all imagining.   But Hersh's articles never once mention the Tate murders.
 This is why I say his articles were misdirection.  They hinted at many things, but gave you nothing
 concrete.  The hints all pushed you toward smaller things, which acted as further cover for the big things
 like the Tate operation.   









 The thing I've never been able to get my head around was the fact that a felon, on parole, who was known to be harboring run away teen girls, who was accused repeatedly of everything from theft to rape, how was it the police never arrested him before the murders? He was violating so many of the terms of his parole that he could have been sent away for many years without formal charges for crimes. Ordinary people would have been arrested, but the LAPD never touched him. Cops from LA later claimed they were being held back from arresting him. By who? 









 That's astonishing. Massachusetts and Boston in particular was a real center of this stuff. I'm really starting to feel like LSD was just a giant mind hack by the CIA. 




 Thanks for that! 




 I also think they chose him specifically because he was Polish and they were interested in seeing how they could manipulate and break people with an Eastern European background using psychological techniques. 




 Do you have a link for that? 




 I definitely think McVeigh was  trained using an advanced version of MKULTRA. Unfortunately the one thing that changed over the years was the ability of these people to cover their tracks so we'll likely never know what happened with McVeigh. We do know a great deal about Kaczynski. Henry Murray conducted the experiments on him at Harvard. These experiments were designed to break young people. All of the participants were considered vulnerable because they came from working class backgrounds and were thus subjected to the immense snobbery of Harvard. Here's an extract from Alston Chase's book:

 The Murray Experiment
 
 PERHAPS no figure at Harvard at this time better embodied the ongoing war between science and humanism than Henry A. "Harry" Murray, a professor in Harvard's Department of Social Relations. A wealthy and blue-blooded New Yorker, Murray was both a scientist and a humanist, and he was one of Lewis Mumford's best friends. He feared for the future of civilization in an age of nuclear weapons, and advocated implementing the agenda of the World Federalist Association, which called for a single world government. The atomic bomb, Murray wrote in a letter to Mumford, "is the logical   predictable result of the course we have been madly pursuing for a hundred years." The choice now facing humanity, he added, was "One World or No World." Yet unlike Mumford, Murray maintained a deep faith in science. He saw it as offering a solution by helping to transform the human personality. "The kind of behavior that is required by the present threat," Murray wrote Mumford, "involves transformations of personality such as never occurred quickly in human history; one transformation being that of National Man into World Man." Crucial to achieving this change was learning the secret of successful relationships between people, communities, and nations. And coming to understand these "unusually successful relations" was the object of Murray's particular research: the interplay between two individuals, which he called the "dyad."
 
 The concept of the dyad was, in a sense, Murray's attempt to build a bridge between psychology and sociology. Rather than follow Freud and Jung by identifying the individual as the fundamental atom in the psychological universe, Murray chose the dyad -- the smallest social unit -- and in this way sought to unite psychiatry, which studied the psyches of individuals, and sociology, which studied social relations. This kind of research, he apparently hoped, might (as he put it in a 1947 paper) promote "the survival and further evaluation of Modern Man, "by encouraging the emergence of the new "world man" and making world peace more likely.
 
 Murray's interest in the dyad, however, may have been more than merely academic. The curiosity of this complex man appears to have been impelled by two motives -- one idealistic and the other somewhat less so. He lent his talents to national aims during World War II. Forrest Robinson, the author of a 1992 biography of Murray, wrote that during this period he "flourished as a leader in the global crusade of good against evil." He was also an advocate of world government. Murray saw understanding the dyad, it seems, as a practical tool in the service of the great crusade in both its hot and cold phases. (He had long shown interest, for example, in the whole subject of brainwashing.) During the war Murray served in the Office of Strategic Services, the forerunner of the CIA, helping to develop psychological screening tests for applicants and (according to Timothy Leary) monitoring military experiments on brainwashing. In his book (1979), John Marks reported that General "Wild Bill" Donovan, the OSS director, "called in Harvard psychology professor Henry 'Harry' Murray" to devise a system for testing the suitability of applicants to the OSS. Murray and his colleagues "put together an assessment system ... [that] tested a recruit's ability to stand up under pressure, to be a leader, to hold liquor, to lie skillfully, and to read a person's character by the nature of his clothing.... Murray's system became a fixture in the OSS."
 
 One of the tests that Murray devised for the OSS was intended to determine how well applicants withstood interrogations. As he and his colleagues described it in their 1948 report "Selection of Personnel for Clandestine Operations -- Assessment of Men,"
 
     The candidate immediately went downstairs to the basement room. A voice from within commanded him to enter, and on complying he found himself facing a spotlight strong enough to blind him for a moment. The room was otherwise dark. Behind the spotlight sat a scarcely discernible board of inquisitors.... The interrogator gruffly ordered the candidate to sit down. When he did so, he discovered that the chair in which he sat was so arranged that the full strength of the beam was focused directly on his face....
 
     At first the questions were asked in a quiet, sympathetic, conciliatory manner, to invite confidence.... After a few minutes, however, the examiner worked up to a crescendo in a dramatic fashion.... When an inconsistency appeared, he raised his voice and lashed out at the candidate, often with sharp sarcasm. He might even roar, "You're a liar."
 
 Even anticipation of this test was enough to cause some applicants to fall apart. The authors wrote that one person "insisted he could not go through with the test." They continued, "A little later the director ... found the candidate in his bedroom, sitting on the edge of his cot, sobbing."
 
 Before the war Murray had been the director of the Harvard Psychological Clinic. After the war Murray returned to Harvard, where he continued to refine techniques of personality assessment. In 1948 he sent a grant application to the Rockefeller Foundation proposing "the development of a system of procedures for testing the suitability of officer candidates for the navy." By 1950 he had resumed studies on Harvard undergraduates that he had begun, in rudimentary form, before the war, titled "Multiform Assessments of Personality Development Among Gifted College Men." The experiment in which Kaczynski participated was the last and most elaborate in the series. In their postwar form these experiments focused on stressful dyadic relations, designing confrontations akin to those mock interrogations he had helped to orchestrate for the OSS.    









 This is in German with subs but it's the most interesting documentary I've seen on Kaczynski. The book Harvard and the Unabomber is also well worth a read. 












































 P-Funk is the elite's true enemy. 
























 Anyone who has ever done extensive research into the Vietnam War has come across all of these myths that people will swear up and down really happened. A common and very surreal one is the myth of [vagina dentata](http://www.insaneasylumblog.com/2011/01/fyi-she-bites-unless-you-like-that.html#axzz3fFgUxRE9). 




 The last couple of Fukushima stories I posted had an astonishing number of downvotes, so let's see how this one goes.  



























































