 Not necessarily, there's a lot of foreign tourists in New York City and a lot of very distracted tourists. Let's face it, when lots of people go on vacation, they seem to turn their common sense off. I've seen it in National Parks, I've seen it in big cities. 




 Henry being a KGB agent working for the FBI . . . that's some The Departed level conning there. 




 New York City real estate is amazingly insane right now. Lots of very wealthy foreigners (especially from Russia and China) are using it as an investment vehicle, a place to store their money. I was listening to a podcast earlier this year and one of the hosts said that he had a friend who lived in a building in the Chelsea area and he is usually the only person in the building because all of the other apartments are owned by foreigners who are rarely ever there. 




 Probably tourists. 




 It really needs to be updated on the inside. A lot of that price has to do with location - Gramercy Park is a lovely neighborhood. I bet it will end up selling around $42 million. 




 This is a photograph of the AP Wire Bulletin that was received by KHOU in Houston on the night of April 29, 1975 (US time), announcing that South Vietnam had surrendered. 




 This is a photo of the wire bulletin that was received by KHOU in Houston (When Saigon fell it was April 30, 1975 in Vietnam, but April 29, 1975 in the US). 




 As someone who lives in a state with a big border with Mexico, I believe that there is very little that American politicians can do to stop illegal immigration. So long as there are economic/social hell holes south of the US, people will try to come here illegally. 




 [Looks like Manchester City is scheduled to play in a tournament in Australia in July.](http://premier.ticketek.com.au/shows/show.aspx?sh=ICC2015PX utm_source=ticketek utm_medium=friendlylink utm_campaign=InternationalChampionsCup) 




 Oh. 




 Oh well. 




 No, Dynamo play Galaxy on May 22nd and NYC FC on May 30th. 




 I wonder if he would have been punished if he posed with Willie Nelson. 




 The thief's mom turned him in.  http://www.khou.com/story/news/crime/2015/04/29/hpd-mom-turned-in-suspect-accused-of-stealing-toddlers-ipad/26575517/ 




 It's interesting how big of an impact the Fall of Saigon had on Houston and this region. I had so many classmates who were born in Vietnam and came over in 1975 or a few years later when Vietnamese fled Vietnam in boats. 




 I've seen a lot of these for New York City, interesting to finally see one for Houston. 




 Well done, bravo. 




 These days I feel anything connected to the term "Danger Zone" is now Archer property. 




 In some ways it happens everywhere, when a cold (or cool) front is moving in, it usually causes a warm up, sometimes significant, in the days before the front moves through. 




 Yep, and once you're arrested, because of politics, the DA will try to get you to take a plea even when the evidence is weak. They hate dismissing anything. 




 I stopped watching a couple episodes into the second season. 




 A concept I picked up some time ago was you can't trust a jailhouse snitch cause they'll say anything to get out of their charge, but a prison snitch, more believable because the stakes are much higher considering how snitches can be treated in prison. 




 /r/houstonhistory 




 I didn't know that the Texarkana Gazette was sold outside stores in Baltimore. 




 I believe it, but the original is closer to me. 




 I wonder what kind of deal he's getting offered. 




 [Nguyen Ngo French Cafe] (http://www.houstonpress.com/locations/nguyen-ngo-french-cafe-2679498/) 




 [Obligatory Simpsons reference.](http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/simpsons/images/a/a7/Springfield_Tire_Yard.JPG/revision/latest?cb=20140821180148) 




 The No Neck Tony segments are hilarious. 




 Sometime in the 1960s, so same time period those cartoons were released. I only saw the image on Twitter and can't make out the exact date. 




 And the Law Schools at Georgetown and George Washington are among the top 25 law schools in the country. 




 So many of us grew up with him before we ever heard of the drug, so he'd still be a Legend. 




 That shocked me too - where from? Bic? A Pen Collector? 




 Here's a better list of soccer matches played behind closed doors: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Behind_closed_doors_(football) 




 Three arrests in the early 1970s for petty crimes such as vandalism and public indecency did not prevent Woodfield from being selected in the 1974 NFL Draft by the Green Bay Packers as a wide receiver, in the 17th round (428th pick). Woodfield tried to establish himself with the Packers during Coach and General Manager Dan Devine's last season but he could not shake his problems with a trip across the country. He signed a contract in February 1974 but was cut during training camp, failing to make the team's final roster. 




 I second this. 




 Click bait doesn't bother me. 




 I'm going to say that they're incorrect about The Woodlands, seeing as Woods was the maiden name of Mitchell's wife, heck the outdoor performance venue there is the Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion.  




 To me, The Strain is a fun campy type of TV show that is perfect for summertime - I don't expect greatness, just entertainment. 




 You're more than welcome to believe whatever you want to believe, no skin off my nose. 




 Welcome to life, much of personal experience is unverifiable. 




 Source - waking up and looking at the weather station I have at my house. 




 There's often a difference between official temperature and the temperature where I live. 




 Love it, have the windows open this morning. 




 [Emoji violence: Rockets Twitter account kills off Mavericks after series win, then apologizes](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/early-lead/wp/2015/04/29/emoji-violence-rockets-twitter-account-kills-off-mavericks-after-series-win-then-apologizes/?wpisrc=nl_headlines wpmm=1) - Washington Post article 




 This happens a lot in Italian soccer due to fan violence. Also, Mexico did this in soccer during the pig flu scare that occurred a few years ago. 




 I've seen Houston hit the 30s in May. 




 I've heard quality has been going downhill ever since the new owners took over. 




 One problem with the rainbow uniforms was that they highlighted the strike zone. 




 Thief would most likely close the doors so nothing would fall out (they can fence all that stuff inside). 




 I wouldn't want to hit a Schneider egg. 




 Bait Car? 




 Hmmm, works okay for me. 




 If I have to go to Walmart, I always go early in the morning. 




 I took a photo of those earlier this year, it was over in the Montrose area by the old Little Bigs. 




 [Here's a related article from Texas Monthly.](http://www.texasmonthly.com/daily-post/texass-problem-truancy-getting-some-well-deserved-attention) 




 [Couldn't help myself.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avFq9errZCk) 




 Been on mobile and I've been referring to the car in my original post this whole time, sorry. The new Impalas (which aren't regular police issue) are really nice, especially the LTZ, which is essentially a Cadillac without the up pricing. Have seen an unmarked new style Impala, not an LTZ, outside the City Hall in NYC. 




 https://tribwtic.files.wordpress.com/2015/04/s046845785-300.jpg?w=2000 




 Season 2 should air later this year. 




 No, Chevy's latest police vehicle is the Caprice PPV, which was introduced in 2013. 




 I don't think so, they she passed out   they she acted, I think he drugged her. 




 People today fail to realize marriages back then were more like business contracts. 




 I always read he was a vain man, if only Washington had made his admiration for Arnold more clear to the man himself ... 




 I'm guessing it was his university/college robe and cap. 




 Yeah, it took me a bit to recognize him. 




 I know members from Nation of Islam have been doing that too. 




 I think she was just seriously drugged. 




 At the end, with her weird facial ticks, her vibe reminded me of a Stepford Wife - Ogre gave her some kind of powerful drink. 




 I'm in Alief and most places around here have no squeegees outside or available inside. 




 Looks like a Caprice PPV. 




 Close Up of Cruiser http://i.imgur.com/FBm6ok8.jpg 




 There's another cruiser in flames now. 
Edit: http://i.imgur.com/4wDInV9.jpg 




 It's not clear if anyone was in that cruiser, a truck full of police in riot gear chased everyone off, didn't see if anyone got out of the cruiser at that time. The images are reminiscent of LA in 1992. 




 The Bowery Boys (who focus on NYC history) tweeted it last night. They live tweet during Mad Men, Turn, The Knick, and probably during Public Morals when it airs latter this year. 




 Cersei, the Queen of Day Drinking 




 And he was NYPD in CopLand. 




 I tend to watch Louie on my DVR, nothing in this article indicates whether this rating includes DVR viewership. 




 It's nice seeing him getting more work lately, he was even on black-ish last week. 




 You can see the new style black   whites in the background. 




 Best guess is that those are Alfa Romeos. 




 Well, the Camaro in Hawaii 50 now makes sense. 




 I want to see this show deal with the fall of the wall. 




 Elizabeth telling Philip he wouldn't have liked her mother was one of the few actual laugh out loud moments in this great series. 




 There are Native Americans in Canada - he grew up on the Six Nations Indian Reserve - Mohawk, Cayuga, Onondaga, Oneida, Seneca, and Tuscarora - Robbie Robertson is Mohawk. 




 Oh, I have, several people like that - none of them grew up in Houston, or even a top 10 sized city. 




 To me all of Houston is "Real Houston." That being said, I'm amused by how people who were not born in or grew up in Houston act like anything outside of 610 is a no man's land. 




 I know earlier this year there were some guys robbing women in their driveways - snatching purses as the women were getting out of their cars. Not sure if that is still going on. 




 When I go to this location, I tend to go real early in the morning, less of a crowd. Never been stalked there though. 




 I didn't know there was still a WalMart there. 




 Congrats. 




 Agreed. 




 Probably a combo of both, that character has always been awkward. 




 Nepotism. 




 Inflation is sky high, the authorities there act like the crazy Baptists I had to endure when I was at Baylor, but I still want to vacation in Iran. 




 But Persian women are still amazingly gorgeous.  




 Awkward is normal in San Francisco. 




 Despite all the cars and activity, I see that and my mind flashes back to the Ferrari scene in Scent of a Woman. 




 They aren't:

http://mobile.nytimes.com/2015/04/19/world/asia/afghanistan-jalalabad-suicide-bombing-bank.html?_r=0 referrer=

http://www.cnn.com/2015/04/18/asia/afghanistan-violence/

http://abcnews.go.com/International/isis-takes-credit-suicide-bombing-afghanistan-killed-33/story?id=30408479

http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/dozens-killed-in-suicide-bomber-attack-outside-an-afghanistan-bank/2015/04/18/3849f572-e59f-11e4-b510-962fcfabc310_story.html

http://m.nydailynews.com/news/world/isis-claims-responsibility-afghanistan-suicide-bombing-article-1.2189836




 




 State Jail Felony to kill a cat (even a feral cat). 




 Sounds like it was not a feral cat, belonged to a family that lived in that area. 




 Can't believe this bs still happens at Baylor. I know it isn't as bad as the decades before I was at Baylor, but still annoys me. Back in the 1990s, my girlfriend was at UT and I typically drove down to Austin every weekend and would crash in her room at Jester. It was a coed floor, so no big deal there. By 2nd year at Baylor I was living at The Centre and various girlfriends of myself and my roommates were always staying over - some practically seemed to live there for periods. We never gave a f about the moral rules or what ever Baylor Admin calls them. 




 My policy is to use the article's actual title (or at least the suggest title button) whenever possible.  That being said, it is important for everyone to recognize that the headline, or article title, is typically (and historically) written by a copywriter and not the author of the actual article. Considering how newspapers have historically written headlines so as to grab a reader's attention and get the reader to read the article, I feel there has been a little too much handwringing on the internet over "click-bait" lately. 




 Cause dogs are part of the family. 




 Alief 




 I'm shocked my power stayed on, had a few flickers, but stayed on. 




 I saw a post on Facebook stating that the cat was actually the pet of a women who used the Clinic the killer worked at, but no source was sited, so not sure how accurate that information is. 




 This seems like it would be a major headache for retailers in general and cashiers in particular. 




 Here's a short article about that plane: http://www.click2houston.com/news/small-plane-crashlands-on-highway-59-near-diboll/32420348 




 [Looks like the Austin County Sheriff's Department is investigating this matter.](http://www.inquisitr.com/2016341/police-in-texas-investigating-facebook-image-of-alleged-veterinarian-holding-dead-tomcat-first-bow-kill/) 




 Considering how many people have indoor/outdoor and outdoor only cats, how would one truly know if the cat is feral or not (and whether the cat is fixed or not)? 




 Ha ha ha. Mine are indoor only, so I don't have trouble with them bringing bugs in from outside, thankfully. 




 Thankfully all three of mine go after any bugs that move. 




 Cats. 




 Seems to me that it would be more difficult to pee in the sink (unless your sink is unnaturally low) than in the toilet. 




 Ha ha ha . . . oh, wait, she's serious . . . 




 Condolences  




 I used to think I was allergic to cats, either I was wrong or my body's reaction to cats has changed. 




 Glad it worked out and that they're all getting along. 




 Republicans love to fix imaginary problems. 




 As someone who worked as a server when I was in college, I always tip well at restaurants, but even I can't wrap my head around tipping at fast food places. 




 I grew up in Southwest Houston, still live in Southwest Houston. Has everything I want and need. 




 I haven't heard anything, I know some people who've held an executive position in the government, like mayor, don't like nonexecutive elected positions (house, senate, etc.) because they're used to being "in charge," rather than being one vote among many. But then again, Cory Booker, former Mayor of Newark, seems to like being in the US Senate. 




 Looks like that's what they did when he reached back into the car. Thankfully the guy in the Explorer wasn't hit, you can see him get out of his care after the suspect was down. The white car that the suspect hit first was driven by a girl who was on her way home from high school. She suffered a concussion, but no other serious injuries. 




 [Here's video of the ending of the chase, including the shooting.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uE-codzpjmw) 




 If it is just property damage, and you have comprehensive, make the claim on your insurance and let them go after the other driver's insurance company for repayment. Ain't much for lawyers to win in a property damage case if it ends up becoming a court proceeding, just their billables (or regular salary if they are a "captured firm") from the insurance companies. 




 Condolences. 




 Needs an alignment, and some other work. 




 Nice. 




 The basic kolache is [a sausage cooked inside a pastry](http://cdn2.hubspot.net/hub/22592/file-13438653-jpg/images/kolache_catering_dallas.jpg). But the menus have expanded to include egg/cheese/meat combinations and even fruit combinations. The [Kolache Factory](http://www.kolachefactory.com/) is one of the big kolache chains here in Houston.  




 Anna Wintour does not approve. 




 As a Texan I have often found myself having to describe kolaches to people in other parts of the country. 




 Kolaches in DC? 




 So Henry is afraid of bears. 




 From Elizabeth   Philip.  




 I remember the miniseries. 




 Thank goodness for Hans. 




 But then Stan's there. 




 Oh fuck 




 Elizabeth be pissed. 




 Henry is the ultimate latchkey kid. 




 Not good Paige. 




 Henry! 




 Philip looks like Ray from Archer. 




 What's your favorite? 




 That's a good question. I assume there is a cost aspect (cost of purchase and cost of maintenance) combined with how the vehicle is going to be used. I assume that a Fusion is cheaper than the Ford Police Interceptor/Chevy Caprice PPV/Dodge Charger and in midtown they really don't need a lot of patrol cars with big engines. As for nontraditional cars, I did see a NYPD Chevrolet Volt, but was not able to get a picture of it. 




 He's just copying Congress. 




 One day in my civics type class in HS back in the 1980s, the teacher actually had a couple officers from the Houston Police Department come in and talk about probable cause and the criminal justice system. 




 Bob and Tim team up. 




 The more things change, the more they stay the same. 




 Loved getting to see him in preacher mode again. 




 That went on way too long. 




 Not necessarily, individual teams are in control of scheduling their non-conference games. 




 Probably, meddling busybodies love to be meddling busybodies. 




 [The term actually comes from a book that was written in opposition to helicopter parenting.](http://www.amazon.com/Free-Range-Raise-Self-Reliant-Children-Without/dp/0470574755) 




 Since the 1970s, this country has gotten really anal about "rules." 




 "Down on all Fours" that is so Wynn Duffy. 




 Nice Impala LTZ Raylan has there in California. 




 Art would clean up at Mardi Gras. 




 Well this is a party that likes to do smear campaigns against any candidate who actually served in the military and fought in a war. 




 "Parenting Police" State, not Police State. 




 I always love it when someone leaves a big gap like that and then a vehicle from another lane pulls in front of them.  




 I think Humble might use them too, but I'm not 100% sure about that. 




 MILFS in need of comfort? 




 Sounds about right. 




 I haven't seen anything to indicate that Harris County uses red light cameras. There are a lot of traffic cameras around town, those are usually mounted on the stoplight bar. Red light cameras typically seem to be installed on the medians at intersections. 




 And because of this database I find it annoying that I have to send in a copy of proof of insurance when I do my registration. 




 They have been banned in the City of Houston, but not across the State of Texas. Many other municipalities in Texas, including Sugar Land (and probably other suburbs of Houston), use red light cameras. 




 Simcoe just looks like a complete douche asshole, the same way James Spader looked like one in Pretty in Pink. 




 I'm not able to foster, but donated some money. Wasn't aware of this shelter before. 




 http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/columnists/schmich/chi-mary-schmich-david-letterman-kankakee-gazebos-20150204-column.html 




 I very much remember that episode. 




 Didn't even make her mom put it back. 




 You're making me glad I grew up in the 1970s and 1980s. 




 I'll watch GoT live, watch Mad Men live, and watch Silicon Valley on my DVR tomorrow. 




 Was watching an old episode of Law   Order on TNT this morning and he had a small talking part as a guy working in a university lab. 




 I know a young, cute, blonde who spent several months living in Hawai'i. She had no car of her own, hitchhiked everywhere with no problems. 




 Thanks to Hollywood, the actual threat posed by hitchhikers (and being a hitchhiker) is greatly overblown. 




 One of the best things about Spring time, driving with windows down and an up beat tune on the radio. 




 This article, commemorating the 150th anniversary of the assassination of President Lincoln, focuses on that period of time between the shooting of Mr. Lincoln and the effort to locate a suitable place to take the dying president. 




 I believe four Soviet diplomats were kidnapped in 1985. 




 Thought some fans of the show would be interested in seeing some of the big news from early 1983, which probably won't play into this season's plot. 




 I suspect they sent him to the Detroit job because the actor had a role on that Robin Williams' show, The Crazy Ones, I believe it was called. 




 Too hot in Houston for steel toe boots. 




 oops 




 So we can keep an eye on the people who don't know how to use Twitter. 




 I often wear flip-flops when I mow, is that okay? 




 Wish more people in America understood the concept of "lane discipline," and would stop staying in the passing lane when they are not passing anyone.

EDIT: Thanks very much for the Gold. 




 Only reason worth having kids. 




 "Seriously honey, I clicked the link by accident, I thought it was a music video." 




 I know there's a Gino's East in Tomball, haven't tried it though. 




 A few years back I worked at a place in the Energy Corridor and would go to Brothers at least once a week, really good pizza. 




 Have loved watching her grow from a ditzy receptionist into the feisty, sassy secretary she is this season. 




 Love Art Car weekend. 




 I agree, a 100ft buffer is too much of a buffer to set as red letter law. 




 Don't blame OP, that title is from the HuffPost. And, to be honest, headlines are designed to get you to read the story (and are rarely written by the author of the story). Not in agreement that the term clickbait applies here, this isn't a slideshow or fluff piece. 




 The title is a bit misleading. Filming the police is protected by the First Amendment, States cannot legislate around the First Amendment. However, courts do maintain that those filming the police cannot interfere with the police, leaving open what exactly is interfering with police. It appears that this bill is attempting to do that by setting a 100 foot distance requirement. That being said, I think 100 feet is a bit much and I do not support this bill. 




 The other day I say a couple do this during rush hour even though they were only 5 feet away from an actual crosswalk, what morons. Even if you cross against the light in a crosswalk, at least you are in an area where motorists should be aware of you. 




 I would so watch that. 
























 NPR interviewed Jules Feiffer yesterday and he said the following: 

"Well, I've had endless acts because I ran out of steam on one thing, because life happened on another thing, and I developed a resourcefulness ... where I would just look around for some other way to do what I wanted to do. If it happens too fast, you don't build these, what I used to call these "rejection deltoids," where you are so used to being hit in the face that you just get up again automatically. The kids who were successful in high school from the beginning didn't know how to do that. So they would take a couple of slaps and they'd go into their father's business."

We all need to learn to cope when life slaps us around. 




 I'm annoyed by trigger warnings, spoiler alerts, helicopter parenting, etc. but I take issue with blaming all of this on the left. I think this has more to do with changes in parenting technique than politics. 




 Same here. 




 That is some seriously ugly camo. 




 Actually, to get plates and registration he has to go to the county tax office. Bigger counties do have some satellite offices so don't have to go downtown, but the ones here in Harris County still are slow and crowded. 




 I believe gangrene and frostbite go together. 




 Very different from the other episodes - all things said I enjoyed it. 




 I was afraid there would be no Simcoe in this episode, glad I was wrong. 




 Did not expect self amputation. 




 I'm so used to him the wig on Turn, looks so different. 




 He played Karl Tanner from Gin Alley. 




 It's a bit weird to watch. 




 Jailhouse snitch, an old tradition. 




 I remember hearing or reading that AMC limited how often "shit" could be used in its shows. 




 That was an odd open. 




 Just the yelling names aspect, combined with the Middle East conversation above it just triggered my memory of that tweet. 




 You reminded me of this old tweet https://mobile.twitter.com/lsal92/status/247763296541896705 




 It actually made me think of Ren   Stimpy. 




 I remember the old days of sitting outside the Continental lounge using its WiFi, thankfully those days are over. 




 I have neighbors with a little dog that likes to yap a lot, thankfully my bedroom is on the opposite side of the house so it hasn't disturbed my sleep - good luck with your neighbor. 




 A little after I posted that question I saw this over in /r/protectandserve http://m.imgur.com/gallery/8NtwT5t 




 Have you looked into assistance from the state's Veterans Land Board, not sure if they do urban or suburban stuff, might be worth checking out.  




 Corporate took the franchise away today.  




 That a Game Warden truck? 




 Up in Ontario back in 2006, members of the Bandidos killed a bunch of their own members, the Shedden Massacre. 




 I think in Wisconsin only the county coroner, elected position there, can arrest a Sheriff. 




 This guy had three warrants out for him. 




 I'd love to see him in a deposition. 




 I can't remember where I heard or read it, but Judge and the writers love killing the dreams of the Pied Piper team. 




 It's interesting how quiet Apple managed to keep it about the horrible batteries in the initial iPhone 5 models that were sold. 




 That area of Louisiana that Season 1 was set in is seriously spooky. 




 Can we bring back Northern Exposure? 




 Shocked to see Pete in this episode, oh Sally - heart just broke 




 Glad you are okay 




 Win the NBA championship  




 Will premier on January 24th! 




 Way after my time there, feeling old now. 




 Rockets winning in playoffs, Astros above 500, X Files reboot, feels like the 1990s again. 




 Damn you MW for making me hate Pete Campbell and then making him one of my favorite characters, damn you MW. 




 Sons of Anarchy: Waco 




 The women getting all excited by Don fixing the sink, one of my favorite scenes. 




 All the national press set up shop at Sonny's, the all nude BYOB strip club during the siege. I did see FBI Crown Vics driving up to Waco a lot when I made trips home to Houston. 




 I attended Baylor during the siege, such a weird time. Glad you are safe. 




 I tip my hat to you sir or madam as the case might be. 




 Have to admit, rather shocked how sad I am that this show ends tonight. 




 Was on Saturday morning, have to admit that Signal 30 is one of my favorite Mad Men episodes. So much packed into that episode. Also, for some reason, I really like TV episodes directed by actors. Slattery kept that episode tight. As an aside recommend the "Walter Taffet" episode of The Americans, superbly directed by Noah Emmerich. 




 SE Texas here. 




 sorry 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LCRZZC-DH7M 




 Might be covered by other articles, but other articles suck compared to the New York Times. 




 Army  Marines, but I know you disagree 




 So policing a jurisdiction where everyone is a government trained killer is no big deal? 




 Is it? 




 The above is totally wrong, this a documentary about a group of people who live in northern India. 




 I switch to soccer shorts   a tank top when I get home. 




 That was a sweet ending. 




 Well, he didn't get appointed to the position, so it'll be a little bit harder for him to get elected. 




 Not surprising that it's FBI related, though when I heard the name I was actually hoping it might center around [Army CID.](http://www.cid.army.mil/701st.html) 




 That seems a bit extreme for a show that doesn't get better ratings than AMC's The Walking Dead or Breaking Bad. 




 For the sake of the residents, I hope Kim Jong Un never visits a nursing home. 




 The League of Women Voters will have a good voter's guide, closer to election time - http://lwvhouston.org 




 Institutional and historical segregation - segregation along socio-economic lines and racial lines. 




 Rocky Horror Picture Show 




 Nope. 




 I enjoy driving, I like getting behind the wheel   hitting the road. 




 To me, turning Houston into Austin sounds like a big step backward (I've lived in both cities, I prefer Houston). 




 I would never consider a self-driving car. 




 I'm gonna go old school here - Roots. 




 That was a good mini-series, really enjoyed it. 




 And he's an Astros fan, nice. 




 It's not making me hate George Washington, so much as reminding me that he was only human, he was imperfect, despite what our history books might of said back in elementary school. 




 I'm enjoying the presence of NYCFC in MLS, it's fun watching RedBull and Revolution fans acting like MLS pissed in their collective Cheerios.  




 For two unmarried persons to kiss like that in public, not socially acceptable back in the 1700s. 




 I thought this was the first boat she received.  




 Andre and Shippen are kind of making me feel sorry for Benedict Arnold, didn't think that was possible. 




 I suspect it'll be a bit like this place: http://creationmuseum.org 




 I think so too, next week we'll get Peggy's last scene, makes sense that they save her for the finale. 




 His shedding his old life, shedding his old skin. 




 [So, the guy smacking Don around with the telephone book is the actor who played WoJo in Barney Miller.](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0301178/?ref_=tt_cl_t2) 




 [Neither a Sidezoomer or Lineupper Be.](http://freakonomics.com/2008/08/11/neither-a-sidezoomer-nor-a-lineupper-be/)

[The Urge to Merge.](http://www.nytimes.com/2008/08/03/magazine/03traffic-t.html?pagewanted=all)

[The right way to merge.](http://lifehacker.com/the-right-way-to-merge-lanes-to-avoid-traffic-jams-and-1501148503) 




 [Here's the trailer for the movie referenced in the article.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vM0IOHiZSl4) 




 [Here's an article on the ruling from The Chicago Tribune.](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/local/politics/ct-illinois-pension-law-court-ruling-20150508-story.html#page=1) 




 I really liked Keen Eddie. 




 I think a lot of people in Texas already pick football over church. 




 Texas Bucket List is from McAuliffe Productions in College Station, while Texas Country Reporter appears to be produced directly by Bob Phillips. 




 I remember [The Eyes of Texas](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKmtby53fT4) from when I was a kid. 




 I used to love browsing in that Bookstop, and of course visiting Whole Earth and Cactus while I was over there. Used to be one of the great little classic shopping strips in Houston. 




 Looks like it's 15 minutes longer. 




 Don does not have a great history with motels. 




 That drummer is so bored. 




 Then he's going to pawn it in Vegas. 




 Looks like Don was watching Redd Foxx making an appearance on The Flip Wilson Show http://youtu.be/lm6fLKz5ByU 




 Not the kind of pool I expected. 




 MW hates us. 




 I'm very disappointed  




 I'm very disappointed. 




 It did. It was kind of one of the first CDs to get away from the plastic H form. 




 I actually love Barry's Pizza. My family has been going there since it was Eddie's Pizza located on Richmond   Sage where the Chipotle is now. 




 I heard this song at a recital when I was at Baylor back in the early 1990s, it immediately made me a fan of Hovhaness. 




 There are at least 5 in that picture. Not 100% sure what happened, but I got the impression it was an assault on an officer incident. 




 Dude . . .  




 Totally understandable - I kept the cats when I got divorced, was helpful that she defaulted and never filed an answer to my petition for divorce - so I pretty much got anything I wanted. 




 Ouch 




 Whenever I have had a family member do that, they usually have a babysitter available at or near the wedding location. Not an issue for me, but is helpful for lots of the other cousins who do have kids. 




 That's an acceptable question in Mississippi. 




 Just wanted to say I really enjoy the show. As someone who has always had an interest in the history of Colonial America and the Revolution it's been frustrating how little play the Revolution has had in popular culture. I know at one point, there were more movies about the French and Indian War than about the Revolution - I guess the turn (no pun intended) came with Mel Gibson's Patriot. Now, in the Fall I have Sleepy Hollow and it's fun with the Revolution and then in the Spring I get the more serious, but still entertaining, Turn. 




 I hate Simcoe, but I love his scenes in the show. 




 Contact your local legal aid office, there is a slight possibility that what your parents did might technically be an illegal eviction. Even if that is not the case, legally you should be able to retrieve your property (not allowing you to do so might constitute illegal conversion of your property). 




 I took the Wisconsin bar exam and practiced law there for 4 years before moving back to Texas and taking the bar here. Biggest takeaway is how useless the bar exam is and how it's made more difficult just cause of a pissing war with BarBri. 




 Sure you do Daesh, sure you do. 




 Just another Spring day up in Montgomery County. 




 Hopefully the Sheriff's Department can track down the driver of the other vehicle, that way, even if you have to go through your insurance company to get your vehicle fixed, your insurance company will go after her insurance and will refund your deductible. 




 Orthopedic surgeons = doctors with Craftsman tools. 




 And that will probably increase the more we get to know McCann people. 




 That only works for politicians in South Dakota. 




 Worth listening to also, if just to hear Willie talk. 




 I remember all the Lite commercials featuring retired athletes from when I was a kid. And this storyline is another reason for Miller to keep using the throwback cans and labels for Lite. 




 Good point. 




 That scene was great, so trippy. 




 I'm having trouble believing that Daesh had any knowledge of this incident till they heard/read about it in the news. 




 I'm going to venture a guess that Daesh is taking advantage of the incident after the fact, I doubt it had any prior knowledge. 




 A couple Tuesdays back I didn't have any project to work on at the office and the weather was great, so, after hitting a bit of the MFAH, I figured I'd go to the Zoo. The parking lot was a cluster and it wasn't even 11:00 am yet. 




 Lebanon, on the whole, has always been a bit different from the rest of the Middle East. 




 Condolences. 




 You mean "escort" activity, nudge nudge, wink wink. 




 The fact that Howard wants, needs a limo just highlights the depth of his insecurities. Most people in NYC in Howard's tax bracket do not use limos, instead they get driven around in high end sedans and SUVs. But does Howard want a really nice Mercedes? No, he needs to have a limo. 




 Thanks, I'll check it out. 




 Sigh 




 More like: Crazy people meet crazy people. 




 The other week I was down by the police parking lots off of Washington and noticed a couple black ghost vehicles. 




 Not sure why this is posted here, but it is a good song. 




 This is more the Dallas suburbs leading the way than it is Texas leading the way. 




 http://youtu.be/Lsuosv_Bq5A 




 Don has no fucks left to give. 




 Roger on organ, Peggy on roller skates - is this Mad Men or Twin Peaks? 




 "The Dream of the Fisherman's Wife (the 'octopus pleasuring a woman' woodcut) is from Japanese 19th-cent erotica by Hokusai." 




 Kick some McCann ass Joan! 




 Don's visit to Racine reminds me of a book title: Wisconsin Death Trip. 




 Classic corporate America. 




 Worst impression ever. 




 Everybody's gotta die inside sometime. 




 So Cooper was into anime before it was cool. 




 In fairness, Betty thinks all other women (and most other people) are morons. 




 Don knows what he likes and won't change just to be with the "times," e.g. his hair, his clothes, his car... 




 Glenn aspires to be Travis Bickle. 




 Yep http://youtu.be/D00Hi8DoO5c 




 I will say this about Pete, when it comes to work, he's extremely loyal to Don, Peggy, and Joan. 




 McCann just oozes sleaze. 




 And amused. 




 Don is realizing he's no longer the only pretty girl at the dance. 




 I miss Julio. 




 Dragons = Secretaries? 




 Yeah, Grown Ups 2 is still in its premium cable cycle. 




 Peggy is a McCloud fan http://youtu.be/D00Hi8DoO5c 




 The birth of Miller Lite http://youtu.be/DPh4iF76LbU 




 Meredith is being the mom Don always wished he had. 




 http://houston.culturemap.com/news/city-life/08-02-12-10-17-high-speed-smart-car-chase-ends-in-houston-mans-driveway/ 




 I read that there is going to be a new printing of his cookbook. 




 Every year summer when I was in Scouts it seemed I'd find a new magazine in the woods at El Rancho Cima up in the Hill Country. 




 Or dance, or eat stinky food, or sing along (badly) to the song on their earbuds, or a multitude of other things 




 SMH 




 Plan B - Houston is worth visiting. 




 I tend to find "On Being" rather hit or miss, but this weekend's episode was really interesting. Since it tends to air early on most stations, I figured I'd post a link here. 




 Based on the picture, that does appear to be a valid European Union license plate issued in Germany (The D stands for Deutschland). Odd are, the owner is in the military and was stationed in Germany, bought it there, and had it shipped back to the US when transferred. 




 So for all those people who want to totally delete their Facebook accounts but are having trouble doing so . . . . /s 




 I think my mom still has these glasses stored away somewhere in her house. 




 It's a Texas thing. If I had to explain, you wouldn't understand. 




 At least with this group, when the munchies hit Droubi Brothers might benefit. 




 Probably easier to get a permit for downtown on weekends. Where was the parade yesterday? More east of downtown? 




 /r/firefighting 




 Abbott is in a hurry to show the world he's more of a nutwing than Perry was - at least I've never voted for either of those weirdos. 




 So glad that they are rebooting X-Files, came out when I was in college, so good memories. 




 I was thinking of this http://bizbeatblog.dallasnews.com/2015/04/health-inspectors-found-crickets-mildew-at-blue-bell-plant-report.html/ 




 Damn, that brings back memories, was in high school at the time and this incident was highlighted as a warning story at spring break time for several subsequent years. 




 I'm glad they aren't laying anyone off, but maybe they should considering whatever managers failed to maintain proper sanitary conditions in the plants. 




 Agree, when it returns to the shelves it will sell like hotcakes. 




 Well, it is a documentary produced by and for Netflix, which, in this era, is television. 




 Is crack really still a common thing? Has the term "crackhead" become a catchall phrase to describe someone who is freaking out on drugs (or freaking out because they are crazy and aren't on their meds)? 




 Obviously, games that take place during the work week (before school is out) will have smaller attendance giving you more chance to upgrade. 




 [Was this your problem last night?](http://www.click2houston.com/news/wreck-involving-18wheeler-closes-eastbound-lanes-of-290-at-eldridge-parkway/32742200)

Sounds like 290 at Eldridge will be a construction cluster all weekend too. 




 Parking scams during events seem to be a thing lately. I've heard several parking scams stories related on sports radio from people who were going to Rockets/Astros games. 




 Poor little thing, glad he's getting help. 




 So Louie is the only guy who still uses a Blackberry. 




 1 unit = 1 drilling rig 




 Honestly, my recommendation is, if at all possible, cookout at home, pull the grill out and throw some meat on it. The three worst days of the year to eat out are NYE, Valentine's Day, and Mother's Day. 




 Just seeing the picture of those people on those manuals brings back so many memories. 




 Have you contacted any museums or historical societies in the area? Or possibly contact the [New Jersey Historical Society] (http://www.jerseyhistory.org/), they might be willing to take it, and handling the transport etc. 




 Too often when I hear gunshoots in my area of Alief, I have no idea where they are coming from. Sunday morning I heard what sounded like gunshots while walking on my own street. All I could tell was they came from the north of my location. As to what street, block, etc. . . no idea. 




 da fuh? 




 [The weather outside is frightful.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSUYaUArDqs) 




 This thing is such a classic. I feel like I've actually seen it aired in recent years, but can't be certain of that. 




 But he only has to pay them in the Philippine peso. 




 I love Stand By Me, but I really love Spanish Harlem - I can close my eyes while listening to that song and be transported to 1960s New York City. 




 Sigh 




 One Christmas, my Uncle and his family came to visit and he brought his new Intellivision with them. My parents had already purchased the Atari to be a family Christmas gift, but once they saw the graphics of the Intellivision, they returned the Atari and bout the Sears branded Intellivision. Great decision, loved playing that thing as a kid. 




 While doing research for his novel Lush Life, Richard Price did a ride along in one of these NYPD taxis in the LES and talked about it for The Moth: http://youtu.be/S6LCSGv1gA4 




 The only vehicles that NYC resident pedestrians ever seem to yield to are fire trucks and ambulances. 




 It's a penthouse in Gramercy Park, that's the basis for the bulk of that price. And the NYC real estate market is insane thanks to foreign investors. 




 I saw the same in Italy, and not just marked cars. 
























 That's what it looked like to me. 




 [A former NYPD officer told a story along these lines at The Moth a few years ago.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbhvjeTmF1Q) 














 This RadioLab podcast takes a look at how the US has treated foreign prisoners of war and the controversy caused by that treatment, especially in light of the treatment of US citizens in internment camps and the treatment of US prisoners of war by enemy powers. 









 Typical Ted. 









 Article has an interesting sampling of how easy it is to get sucked into the NYC Criminal Justice System/Machine. 









 Are you sure it wasn't Grant Wahl? /s 




















































































 Whenever police are reluctant about removing a seemingly abandoned car, my first thought is: "Bait car?" Probably not in this case. 












































 This sting has more to do with marketing related bribes and kickbacks involving CONCACAF officials and marketing companies, such as Traffic. Much of this seems to be connected to tv and radio rights for matches and tournaments, including the 2014 World Cup.

Since CONCACAF is headquartered in Miami, the US has jurisdiction. It is not uncommon for the law enforcement authorities of different countries to work together. The fact that the Swiss authorities were willing to assist the US indicates just how fed up they are with FIFA in general.

As to why now - my understanding is that certain statutes of limitations were on the verge of expiring.

FIFA doesn't like governmental interference into its secret lairs. I've seen speculation that if Blatter wanted, he could suspend all of CONCACAF and take away the World Cup slots. Not sure how accurate this is, and not sure that FIFA would want to grab the bull by the horns like that.

I think DOJ's endgame is to root out corruption in CONCACAF and hold the sleazy folks that have been in charge accountable for their misdeeds.

What happened today isn't about the 2018   2022 World Cup bidding processes; however, the Swiss government has launched its own criminal proceedings into those matters. 
































































 Haven't seen any dead birds in my area yet, but during my run this morning I did see a dead cat that looked like it got caught in the flooding. 









 As noted by others, the US investigation concerns CONCACAF. [Meanwhile, the Swiss authorities have opened an investigation into the 2018 and 2022 World Cup Bids.](http://news.yahoo.com/swiss-police-detain-soccer-officials-ahead-fifa-congress-053453976--spt.html) 
























 Which is a reminder of why it's not a good idea to drive into high water, doesn't take much to make a car float. 


































 Yep, the floodwaters brought it to the surface and floated it over to a bike path along a bayou. 


































 The afternoon of September 11th and the day everyone left because of Hurricane Rita are the two weekdays I saw Downtown that dead. 














 Had water get up into the garage, but stayed below the sheet rock. 









 A lot of traffic lights are blinking red, which doesn't make things any easier. 









 Thank you! 




 Wishing I could watch tonight, but raging storms here in Houston killed my electricity. 



















 Canadian Thugs ;-) 




 The average driver is not going to have any idea what that car is, it doesn't stand out the way Crown Vics stand out, it actually kind of blends in somewhere between the old Impalas and Malibus. 




 This is a nice little piece written by a guy who grew up with the real SNAFU as his neighbor http://www.beliefnet.com/columnists/roddreher/2010/03/the-real-snafu-from-the-pacific.html 




 Not as good as he looked in Dynamo orange. 


































 I recommend the movie "Crossing the Bridge," which makes good use of this song. 


































 I love how they pack so many little details into each show, examples: last week's SWOT board this week's placards at the conference. They're kind of like the vulgar version of Wes Anderson. 

















































 Fingering Teens 




 In our lifetime .... Love Baghead 




 Transco/Williams never owned the building, but got naming rights so to speak as the anchor tenant. 




 To some of us it will always and forever be the Transco Tower. 




 Condolences  







































 Heard them on Prairie Home Companion last night, really like their version of this song. 




 Now if only black bears would come back to East Texas. 




 https://www.facebook.com/HoustonLostandFoundPets

EDIT: Be patient with the signs. This is a long holiday weekend, it is possible her owners don't know she's missing. 




 And Continental was a million times more customer oriented than United ever was. 




 It's not spam if it is interesting. 




 With the Houston Comic Con this weekend, you should get lots of good pictures. 




 I figured bots left NYT alone because of the paywall.  




 Every other strip center, plus a CVS or Walgreens on every other corner. 




 No cowboy hat. I have boots: motorcycle boots and tactical boots. 




 I'm a full human and a subscriber to this subreddit, one who likes to travel. Didn't know that Bots post New York Times articles - TIL I guess. 




 Surprised that Charlie Leduff's Detroit: An American Autopsy was not on that list. 




 If I could predict the future like that, well, I'd be a rich man. Look, revisit the issue down the road, after the situation has settled down, after that asshole Putin is gone. 




 Well played, I applaud you. 




 East End area is on the rise. 




 In reality, the issue should be revisited down the road, after Putin is gone. But right now, doing this would be a spineless capitulation by UEFA to appease a thug and bully. But hey, the governing boards of FIFA, UEFA, CONCACAF, etc. do consist of a bunch of immoral bastards looking to line their own pockets. 




 Sadly, here in Texas the criminal justice system excels at criminalizing poverty. 




 The people who live in Crimea. 




 This happens all the time. Police and DA's office won't waste their time on you once you explain the situation. 




 Makes me miss The Axiom. 




 Well, they should of thought about that before jumping into bed with Putin. 




 And the problem with that is? 




 When did it have balls? 




 It's actually his tan that got me to think WTF, seems dangerous. 




 Tan Mom would be jealous. 




 If you have taken more than three consecutive sips of beer while standing, you've broken a law in Texas. When I was at Baylor a student got a ticket for farting. That's the light hearted side, the dark side is how many people get ticketed or arrested on flimsy evidence that wouldn't hold up at trial but can't hire good legal help so take pleas cause it seems easier   quicker than fighting,   then find themselves f'd financially. "Just don't break the law," is pure navet. Oh, how about this poor guy - http://www.miamiherald.com/news/local/community/miami-dade/article1957716.html 




 You be the judge: http://www.baseball-almanac.com/quotes/quoberra.shtml 




 Apparently this guy is a regular in St. Pete Beach, Florida. 




 Here's the going away shot: http://i.imgur.com/L9uerMn.jpg 




 Oh, on the west side of Houston it is called The Katy Freeway and on the east side it is called East Freeway or Baytown East Freeway. 




 The 10 runs right through Houston, though we call it I-10: http://m.imgur.com/YN6EfV5 




 Howdy  




 Just remember that price gets passed onto the consumer.  




 I've never lived somewhere it was required, but been 10 years since I lived in an apartment. 




 Nice. 




 When I get that way I will. I live in Alief home to Chinatown. 




 I love it. Big diverse city, great museums, 5 pro sports teams, great performing arts, great food, lots of nightlife. Traffic can be hell. It's humid as hell. Summer is hot but not as hot as Austin (which has worse traffic   does get very humid). Visit /r/Houston 




 It sounds like it's Fox that is the issue. They signed a contract and now want to a new one that pays them more. 




 At this point not on FS1, unless they break the stalemate first. 




 Sensitivity training . . . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJJpziU7wSs . . . .  




 Back in the mid-90s there was one older Capitol Police guy that seemed to spend all day around a street corner near the Library of Congress yelling at jaywalkers. Not issuing tickets, just yelling at them to wait for their light. 




 I bet there's a bunch of house mouses wishing you'd just be quiet right now ;-) 




 I don't think it's really going to have a huge impact here in Houston, big trucks have been coming up 59 from Laredo for decades now, it'll just cut their travel time Laredo up to Houston. This past December I drove up to Marshall for a wedding, hadn't driven up 59 through East Texas in almost 10 years, damn what a much improved drive that is now. 




 Now I'm hungry for tripe Pho, thankfully I live in Houston where Pho is a staple. 




 Grandpa was a sly fox. 




 "Baseball is ninety percent mental and the other half is physical." - Yogi Berra 




 It is after 12:00 pm on a Friday of a holiday weekend, so I bet the liquor is flowing heavily in the Reddit offices. 




 He wasn't a murdering asshole and he wasn't a saint. I respect that he made an effort to help his fellow veterans who were suffering PTSD, something Congress (or the Texas legislature) seems to have no interest in doing. 




 The Interstate 69 signs here in Houston have seemed to last, wonder if they've found a way to make it harder to steal those signs. 




 This isn't just a problem in the realm of truancy, it is a problem for a lot of low income people who get cited for various minor "quality of life" misdemeanors - loitering, public intoxication, being in a park after it has closed, etc. They get caught in a vicious circle of missing work due to arrest and court, already living paycheck to paycheck so can't pay fine, more court, maybe more jail, more work missed, there goes the job, etc. etc. etc. One of the big reasons that the federal judge shot down "stop and frisk" in the NYC public housing scenario was partly due to this happening to people who had no weapon and ended up getting summonses related to "quality of life" issues. The lead plaintiff in that case was arrested for trespassing at a public housing unit - he was waiting for his girlfriend who lived there and gave him permission to be there. The guy is a licensed security guard and the flimsy arrest, even without a conviction, could have seriously ruined his career. 




 I thought I read that only one of the dead was a Bandido, the other eight were Cossacks. Also, the impression I've gotten is that biker gangs will talk tough when it comes to the police, but in reality try to avoid violence against the police cause doing so will rain hell down upon them. MCs have clubhouses, clubhouses that are not well hidden. 




 I thought I read that only one of the dead was a Bandido, the other eight were Cossacks. Also, the impression I've gotten is that biker gangs will talk tough when it comes to the police, but in reality try to avoid violence against the police cause doing so will rain hell down upon them. MCs have clubhouses, clubhouses that are not well hidden. 




 Yes, Uverse has Fox Sports 1; however, [there is a dispute between the two entities concerning carriage fees as related to NASCAR, soccer, and golf.](http://variety.com/2015/tv/news/fox-sports-1-att-in-dispute-over-fees-for-nascar-golf-soccer-1201443261/) 




 I think they were more sophisticated than that. There were several of these incidents in my neighborhood at the time, indicative of organized burglary and probably answered to someone higher up the chain who already has a fence. 




 A few years back when my house got robbed, a dog in the backyard did not prevent them from jumping the fence and kicking down the backdoor. And she wasn't a small dog, sadly she was super friendly. When I had a new door installed, they guy installed it in such a way that it will be extremely difficult to kick in. 




 I did that when I was robbed. Never heard from HPD again after the initial report. 




 You forgot to ad - Get Renters Insurance if you rent. 




 That might actually be a fun conversation to eavesdrop on. 




 The only professional league in the US that does this is Major League Soccer, since it's the only league with organized Supporter Groups (often called in Ultras in other countries).  




 Actually, most of the Super Bowl week festivities will be in downtown, not at NRG. 




 This girl? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJ7VMCJKGQg - Not sure, looks like she does their Spanish language commercials too. Maybe the folks at http://whoisthathotadgirl.tumblr.com/ can help you out. 




 [This is my favorite one that happened in Houston.](http://www.fbi.gov/houston/press-releases/2013/woodlands-man-convicted-of-using-fake-cia-credentials)
I will say one thing that can be annoying here in Houston is how all the private security companies now have fleets of cars that look like police cars. Additionally, there are at least three communities (two very wealthy neighborhoods and one a commercial district) that hire off-duty LEO to patrol in vehicles those communities have furnished - and they seem to replace the cars more often than HPD. 




 I have seen Houston Police use pick-up trucks, but were always marked, and the decals indicated that their primary duty was related to dealing with Tractor-Trailer enforcement. 




 One of the reasons I hated the idea of the Astros moving to the American League, might not always beat the Cardinals, but we did get to beat them at least a few times every season. 




 Not all government vehicles in Texas say "EXEMPT" on their plates, I've seen marked Constable vehicles with normal Texas plates. Pursuant to Texas Transportation Code 721.003 it is possible to obtain regular plates for exempt vehicles. While said section lists a bunch of specific entities, I assume that No. 18 is a pretty broad coverall for all other agencies. 




 Plus the way I heard it on the news this morning, he was found in a city owned vehicle. 




 Totally forget that I had that Space Invader game when I was a kid. I also had the football game that Henry was playing on The Americans this past season. 




 Sadly, it's getting harder and harder. A lot of unmarked vehicles will have officers with armor and polos or t-shirts, but it's easy for civilians to buy that stuff too. Hell, lots of police departments, especially in tourist areas, sell the t-shirts. I know the NOPD precinct office in the French Quarter has a t-shirt vending machine. 




 I'm thinking more nefarious than that, sexual assault. 




 I believe that those episodes in the 500s are repeats, which won't necessarily be replayed in order. 




 Sorry, was on my phone last night and fat figured the date - it's 1994, not 1993, obviously. 




 Yep, that's him. I found this posted on his Facebook page yesterday. 




 Probably use them to find cars that need boots due to unpaid tickets = revenue. 




 So, we essentially got a glimpse of what Cooper Sterling was like in the 1920s. 




 A friend of mine in HS, her brother was the night manger at the Two Pesos on Montrose and we'd stop by there for freebies after leaving Decadance (now El Real). 




 So that's why it's called The Hoodlands. 




 That's a private subreddit. 




 And yet, unfortunately, I see so many lawn water systems going off in the middle of the day when they are least efficient. 




 I think they're just trying to keep stupid people from watering in the day when most of that water will evaporate instead of going into the soil. 

















































 Kind of have to agree with you there. 




 From what I recall, they did in the study that is the subject of the NPR story. 









 The only traffic court I've had jury duty for was the Houston Municipal Courts. Haven't done jury duty at any of the JP precincts, yet. 




 I grew up watching Channel 2, still watch it, but usually when Ruben comes on, that's when I switch over to NPR, by then I've already gotten a good idea of what the weather will be like and I've seen the top stories of the morning. 









 Yep, a little earlier than usual, I think, but just in time cause Tuesdays have been a tv wasteland lately. 










































































 I wish Popeyes served breakfast . . .  




 Makes sense considering all the rain we've had and that the runoff makes its way down to the Bay and the Gulf. 














 Sacrilege! 


































 The follow up study is going to look into the relationship between head trauma and the poor financial decisions made by NFL players. 






















































 Widespread Avian flu problem is the cause. 




 The women in Westeros should follow Anna's example. 




 They're Irregulars, and since they seemingly chose sides based on payment, I call them mercenaries, just like the Hessians. 




 Simcoe's speech cadence reminds me of Anthony Hopkins in Silence of the Lambs. 




 Benedict likes to rush into things. 




 I've never caught what his rank is, though, as mercenaries, not sure what type of rank structure they had. 




 Kids dressed like tiny adults. 




 Not sure who exactly he is. 









 Plus, with CNN the production turn around is substantially shorter than it was with Travel Channel where it would take about a year for content to actually be aired on the channel. 


































 I like that while Dirty Harry was seen as this straight-laced, no nonsense, conservative cop, but has hair a bit longer and shaggier than most cops did back in those days. 









 I love when John Oliver takes down the greedy scoundrels that run FIFA. 




 The place featured in the link is near Lance's house, it came up because it was apparently busy when Drake was in town. 





























 Considering how much has changed over on 101 over the past year and a half, not surprised she didn't know the name. 




 I switched from DirecTV to Uverse and love it. I have no problems with picture quality. 












































 True . . . so the real question is, Who is sleepy Jean? 




 I so hope that sometime in the next few months Blatter will get to do the perp walk. 




 [Him](http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/bobsburgerpedia/images/a/aa/302_09_10_tk3-0268.JPG/revision/latest?cb=20130214040806) 









 Hope they're doing well in the wild. 




 Those legs . . .  




 I don't think it was huge, looks like the biggest role was being a source of labor in the US while so many men in the US were in the military. [Here's a little something from Wikipedia about Mexico during WWII.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allies_of_World_War_II#Mexico) 




 Viva Mexico! 




 Any idea what that's made out of? It doesn't look like crops. 




 One of the things about being young (especially about being a teenager) is that you feel like there is a huge spotlight on you and everyone is watching you and judging you. 









 [It's not that bad.](http://i.imgur.com/lRhgBqv.png) 




 Muscle memory at work. 




 Glad it worked out for y'all. 




 Doesn't make you an asshole, makes you like pretty much most people. Let's face it, life is busy, it's not easy to stay on top of all the issues, hell, it can be daunting to keep up with just one issue. 









 Since when does television go for realistic when it comes to how the attractiveness of the characters? 









 I thought it was too. 





































































 West U. and Bellaire are each municipalities with their own police departments. Also, The Villages in the Memorial area has a police department. All three will pull you over for the most minor infractions possible. 




 When I was in school, the only times we ever did any kind of field trip that involved swimming was going to the school district's indoor swimming pool. Never went to the beach on a field trip. 









 Well that doesn't sound like it's going to end well. 




 [Well done Google.](http://i2.esmas.com/galerias/fotos/2013/9/_Camila-Giorgi-01-15d379e1-1d63-11e3-9062-7637b2d61c06.jpg) 




 You need a beer fridge in the garage. 
























 Maybe Astros can beat them in the playoffs, won't be in the World Series though, unless Astros are returned to the National League. 

EDIT: That being said, the Red Sox fans have become the most annoying in the AL, if not all of MLB. 




 The Cardinals every day of the week and twice on Sundays. F'n hate the Cardinals. 




 Breakfast Taquitos are my sin. There's a Whataburger on my way to work, I like to pick some up for breakfast and then I have a stash of [El Yucateco hot sauce](http://www.elyucateco.com) in my office. 














 Knock on wood, so far I've avoided being arrested in Texas for drinking more than 3 sips of beer while standing. 




 And then he became Little Finger. 





























 The only reason I really know of him is thanks to the character in The Wire that was loosely based on him. 




 FIFA isn't involved in the Olympics bid process, the entity in charge of the Olympics is the IOC. That being said, the IOC is far from squeaky clean. In particular, former IOC President (1980-2001) Juan Antonio Samaranch, was a member of the Franco regime in Spain. The IOC doesn't get as much attention as FIFA because, even though the World Cup finals is every four years, FIFA plays a much bigger role in the operation of soccer than the IOC does in the variety of sports that make up the Olympics. 



















 From: https://www.ridemetro.org/SafetySecurity/MPD/FAQs.aspx

Q: Do officers of the METRO Police Department have the same authority as Houston Police Department officers? 
A: Yes, the METRO Police Officers have the same law enforcement authority as other licensed peace officers in the State of Texas, including Houston Police Department officers.

Q: What is the jurisdiction of the METRO Police Department?
A: The jurisdiction of the METRO Police Department is defined as any part of the county in which the 1 cent METRO sales tax is collected. This area spans approximately 1,285 square-miles, which includes most of Harris County and portions of Montgomery, Fort Bend, and Waller Counties. The METRO service area crosses several political jurisdictions and METRO Police has concurrent jurisdiction with those police agencies. However, the METRO Police Department is the primary police agency whenever an incident occurs on METRO property, such as bus stops/shelters, METRORail platforms, Park   Ride lots, transit centers, buses, and light rail vehicles. METRO Police also has primary jurisdiction of the High Occupancy Vehicle (HOV) network, as well as other right-of-ways or locations where transit-related incidents occur.

Q: What types of crime does the MPD investigate?
A: MPD investigates all crime occurring on METRO property or right-of-ways (see above). METRO Police also act on information received from Crime Stoppers and individuals who report criminal activity observed on METRO property or right-of-ways.

EDIT: Readability 
 









 Uptown, River Oaks, Tanglewood, and Westchase all tend to be off-duty Police Officers, most that I've seen are off-duty HPD. 





































































 I think they used the age of 21 because, under federal law, licensed gun dealers cannot sell handguns to anyone under the age of 21. (Unlicensed gun sellers cannot sell a handgun to anyone under age of 18). 



















 Great, thanks! 




 Looks like they did an updated one - https://www.facebook.com/253123334768421/photos/a.253140671433354.61356.253123334768421/859079740839441/?type=1 permPage=1

EDIT: Looks like the earlier link had the wrong picture.
 









 According to the article, the lawsuit has been filed. They may have filed suit for tactical reasons, i.e. scaring the landowner into taking their offer; but, the landowner in this situation is retired attorney who spent his career working for the rights of Indian tribes and members of Indian tribes, not gonna scare easy and has plenty of time on his hands. I'm curious to watch how this plays out. 




 I'm not familiar enough to know how that might work under North Dakota law. I do get the sense that eminent domain is essentially a "King's X" and has a superior right to all other land rights, subject to compensation. 














 I would think a reporter would really have to go out of their way to find Paula Jones these days, guess it's a slow political news day. 




 First rule of the military - never volunteer for anything. Of course, since there is no draft, anyone in the military has already broken that rule. 




 You should be able to afford it monetarily and you should be able to afford the time necessary to take care of the pet. 



















 Wisconsin 


































 Beyond the headline, this article actually does a nice little job of highlighting just how easy it is to get arrested, and have an outstanding warrant, in New York City thanks to the concept of "Broken Windows" policing. 









 Actually, even if they lose the lawsuit, they won't actually lose their land. A ruling against them will mean that an easement will be granted for the pipeline and the landowner will still have to be compensated, but that amount will be determined by the court - an amount that will likely be less than what has been offered already. 









 As someone who lives in Houston, Texas, it really pissed me off when Texas Republicans didn't want to support federal relief in the wake of Super Storm Sandy. First of all, I know I live in an area that can get ravaged by weather and federal relief is important in our recovery from those incidents. Second, just cause I am a Texan doesn't make me an island unto myself - not only do I have a lot of family and friends who live in the areas hit by Sandy, but as an American I don't like seeing other Americans suffering as a result of natural disasters and I don't like seeing a-hole politicians play politics while other Americans are suffering. 





























 A little bit of background on the landowner, James Botsford, he's a retired attorney who spent most of his career as the Director of the Indian Law Office of Wisconsin Judicare, a legal aid law firm. He was also instrumental in the drafting and passage of the federal law that protects the use of peyote by members of the Native American Church. 














 Probably Mario Williams, he's the one that bought the Camaros for HPD. 







































 Can't say I blame him. 




 To quote the kid in The Wedding Singer, "Piper you a bitch." 




 After Vee last season, I was glad this season didn't have a major villain, but I kind of like the show when it depicts the ebbs and flows of day to day life inside the prison camp. 




 I don't know how many times I said "Oh Shit" to myself after I saw that fence repair truck pull-up.  









 I saw The Cure there. A girl in the row behind me was smoking a joint and tripping on ecstasy - a few times she reached around and just shoved the joint in my mouth. She finally threw up, none hit us (PTL), her boyfriend apologized and took her out of there. Apparently, there was guy at that show who had a medical condition, might have been asthma, but didn't have his medication with him. He had episode/attack and ultimately passed away. I didn't see it, but his friends had communicated a message about it to Jay Lee's "Wake up and Smell the Coffee" the following Friday. 




 I had moved away from Houston for a good chunk of the 1990s (college, law school, first job), and moved back in June of 2001. Prior to moving back, I had flown down to visit my parents and start arrangements for my move and the cover story in the Continental Airlines magazine was all about Enron and how great a future it would have. I remember thinking to myself, damn, I need to apply for a job there. Glad I didn't do that. 




 It does get a bit confusing that we've had two murderers in Houston history who were called The Candyman. 




 In 1990, my high school graduation was also at the Summit. I went to Elsik, Alief ISD used it for both Elsik and Hastings that night. 




 Before you do anything, I'd seek the advice of people who collect sports memorabilia - find out if they will become more valuable if left in their current condition or if they're restored. If restoring them won't hurt future value, ask who they recommend, they probably know who's best when it comes to restoring stadium seats. 




 Yep, Minneapolis. Years ago, I heard a music journalist talking about the first time he interviewed Prince and Prince used a very Minnesota polite phrase like "darn tootin'." 




 Damn, I wish it was Prince. . . . guess the doves at the Houston Zoo aren't crying. [Sorry, couldn't resist.] 














 TIL they still make disposable cameras. 


































 Seeing that Piper Kerman is an advocate for women prisoners/inmates, I thought this story was relevant because it highlights one of the greatest sins of the criminal "justice" system in the US, which was sentencing minors as adults. This is a real life example of a 14 year old girl who is sentenced to an adult maximum security prison in Florida. Did you listen to the story? If not, I highly recommend it. I disabled the auto play feature, because that is annoying if you're not ready for it. Use the audio button in the second box, the Act 2 box. 




 She is a great actor, perfect for the role. Who else can say she's played both Elf's stepmom and Pornstache's Mom? 




 I've enjoyed his evolution over this season. 









 Oh but what you thought is even funnier. 




 I listened to a lot of NPR back then. 




 I know. I agree.  




 I'm not sure Eritrea has been in the news much since its war with Ethiopia ended.  




 All I'm saying is that if this had been a guy/girl situation, there would have been a handful of nutties out there yelling "rape." I don't think it's rape, but in the climate we've been in I couldn't help but think of that issue during that scene. My comment was the Reddit version of thinking out loud. 









 I had no problem with the scene, I'm just saying b/c of all the damn Games controversy, can't help think what the reaction would be. 




 He's a RUNNER! 




 I thought she had a taste of it, but wasn't sure how at that point. 




 I did not expect Red to stand up for him like that, but she did a damn good job. 




 I loved Caputo having trying to close out all the porn windows open on his computer. 




 Do something to save all the poor David Sedari (I sure hope his sister Amy makes him watch that scene) 




 That one scene totally captured Healy's whole person at the prison. 




 Favorite line from the episode: "I stand corrected, there is a bedbug infested Koran if you want to read that." 




 I liked the little scene where the Muslim soldier explained to Bennett why the other Muslim soldiers were not happy about the video. There's a real great miniseries from HBO called "Generation Kill," which captures the homoerotic humor the permeates the military. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-NnHaOUUa8 




 Bennett had a glimpse into the family he would be marrying him and realized that life wasn't for him, he dumped the crib that was meant for his child. 




 He wasn't the only one who ran away from the grenade, but yeah, they were making a point about him running. 




 Of course he wears tightie whities. 




 She was a great villain in Justified. 




 Had no problems with the scene, but after all the uproar over Game of Thrones' scenes, I did wonder to myself what would the general response be if that was a man and a woman and not a woman and a woman. 




 My favorite line from the episode: "Too late to Dyson it out of her."  




 That was classic, wonder if this was the inspiration https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pf2hJQf2YKk

EDIT: Watch closely and you'll see a couple seconds of the exact same belt Bennett had on. 














 No reason given in the article, always seemed to do great business lunch, but maybe the rent became too damn high - even busy restaurants survive on the thinnest of margins. 




 So Nerdcore. 
































































 So typically perfect of someone with her background. 




 As soon as I finished the episode, I checked my Twitter feed and saw the daily Calvin   Hobbes tweet. 




 Well, cookie cutter or not, Vee completely reminded me of people I've know, especially in my ex-wife's family. 




 Probably the most heartbreaking episode so far.  




 Explains a lot about him and what we've seen in the other seasons. 









 So will cops. 




 Now I'm immediately looking up the manual overrides for my newest car (no, not a Corvette, bust still a Chevy). 




 This article does nothing to convince me that what we are seeing was caused by "fracking." 




 And, sadly, if its someone claiming to be from a charity you've never heard of, hang up. 




 As someone with a multiple vehicle household, I feel your pain. 




 But the men who control the extremist sects within almost all the major religions fear that women will tempt them into raping them. 




 Such a great man, RIP. 














 Some good news to report, [Taylor Swift made a very generous donation to help the family with medical bills.](http://www.khou.com/story/news/local/neighborhood/2015/06/11/gofundme-for-walker-county-firefighter-family-injured-in-crash/71076090/) 














 Based on past experience, odds are that the vehicle is headed to Mexico or Central America. 




 Some schools have dumpsters that take cardboard and paper for recycling. 




 /r/firefighting 




 Kitten Mittens! 




 A while back, Uber did a rent a kitten promotion. So, it wouldn't surprise me if this was true. http://newsroom.uber.com/austin/2014/10/uberkittens-is-back/ 









 I have family in New Jersey and have never seen a reason to stop in Camden, but know I'll have to visit Donkey's Place next time I'm in Jersey. 



















 Definitely going to do this next time in the City. 




 Sadly, the party in control of this state is beholden to small but very vocal core constituencies, and they've given those constituencies more voting party than everyone else via gerrymandering. 




 As the economic gulf expands between the haves and the have nots, it's practically become illegal to be poor in the United States.  



















 Hell, when I'm in New York I walk huge amounts. I've walked from Midtown all the way down to Chinatown, and I've walked from Canal (Chinatown) all the way down to the southern tip of Manhattan and then back again. I've also walked the length of the Manhattan Bridge, in a cold drizzle, it was a great walk. 




 It's young professionals and hipsters who did not grow up here and are only interested in living in an area considered "cool." I'd love to take them back to the 1980s to show them how dangerous those places once were. 


































 In football and baseball the defenses and offenses operate in such a way that time is needed to rearrange the players on the field (in a way, baseball really doesn't have the same kind of timeouts that exist in other major US sports, it's a slow game and the manager isn't limited to how many times he can go to the mound, they are trying to limit how often the batter can step out of the box.) In other sports, the time outs allotted to each time are used for tactical reasons. But, in general, the bulk of stoppage in play is for television or for review of officiating calls.

Edit: Television takes full advantage of the time needed to rearrange players on the field in football and baseball, and the league officials won't mess with that because television contracts are big source of revenue. 


































 My therm hit over 100 a couple times yesterday, but that was usually at start-up, the temps dropped a bit after I had been driving for some time. 














 The old noble class of the Junkers in particular were not fans of Hitler, those involved in the plot to assassinate Hitler primarily came from this class. 




 The guys in this picture appear to have been SS, so I'm guessing some of them did some very bad things. 




 They're SS not regular army, odds are some of them were responsible for atrocities. 
























 Actually, renouncing their citizenship might not change anything. ICWA states that it applies to any child deemed a member of tribe by the tribe at issue - judges cannot question a tribe's determination that the child is member. 




 Every since Weird Science, I've never trusted anyone named Chet. 




 Don't forget Paul Rudd. 




 Saving Private Ryan also had quite the cast of actors - Paul Giamatti, Dennis Farina, Ted Danson, Barry Pepper, Adam Goldberg, Tom Sizemore, Vin Diesel, Giovanni Ribisi, and of course Matt Damon and Tom Hanks. 




 But that scene had my favorite Damien Lewis line of the show: "We're paratroopers Lieutenant. We're supposed to be surrounded." 


































 When I've traveled I've gotten the opposite response in that people seemed surprised that I am so liberal, though I'm more LBJ liberal than East Coast liberal. 




 I lived in Wisconsin for a little bit back in the 1990s and people there atomically assumed that I was a Cowboys fan, I had to explain to them that I grew up in Houston and no self respecting Houstonian would root for the Cowboys. 









 I'm curious about your Spanish Jewish heritage. Was something that was kept secret for a long period of time. I've read about recent generations of old New Mexico families who've learned of their family's Jewish background, it was hidden but there were little traditions connected to their Jewish past. 




 I call myself a EuroTrash mutt. My ancestors came to the US from many places (so which are no longer the countries they were at the time) and over a period of time stretching from the 1600s to the early 1900s. 




 It's interesting that on many surveys that ask for racial/ethnic background, they'll have "nonhispanic white" and "hispanic white."  




 The only thing worse are the pedestrians who jay walk on multilane streets, like Westheimer. And numerous times that I've seen people do this, they were not all that far from a crosswalk. 






















































 They're like National Park Rangers, but in a city. Done ride alongs in Yosemite, Park Rangers are jacks of all trades. 















































































 Whenever I hear this song, I want to be sitting in an open air bar in the North Atlantic states, with a nice cold beer. 
























 Well, they have a good attorney (he was in charge of the City of Houston's legal department at on point), and they deserve their day in court. We'll see what happens. 









 I know how it works, but I prefer to give money directly cause 1. They know best what food items they need, and 2. Money can be used to keep the lights on. I've worked in nonprofit before and know how hard it is to come by money that can be used for overhead, and if you cannot afford to take care of that, you won't be able to carry out your mission. 




 On the report that was televised this morning, they're claiming the owner was negligent because he knew a fire had been burning inside the walls, let it burn for several hours before calling 911. 




 Based on the on air report this morning, the negligence claim is that the owner of the property knew that a fire had been burning inside the walls for several hours before calling 911. To give some local perspective, this place was a dump in a high crime area, wouldn't be surprised if the owner took advantage of the fact that there was a fire and wanted it to go up in flames. 




 Been there, done that. 




 Do you know the name of the reporter? If so, send them a tweet, they'll probably be able to help. 
























 Actually, was [Buddy Roemer in 2012.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buddy_Roemer_presidential_campaign,_2012)  









 The last Sears I went to was the one in Memorial City Mall, you could  tell nobody that worked there gave a shit, clothes were in bizarre piles, and large appliances that were for sale practically blocked entire walking areas. 




 Yep, there's actually one in the Randall's strip at West Bellfort and Kirkwood, which seems like an odd location for a Palais Royal, but it's has been there for years now. 














 Back in the late 80s and early 90s, West Oaks was my go to mall for most of my shopping (with Sharpstown a close second). Been a long time since I've gone to West Oaks, but last time I was there, was shocked how dead it seemed. [I also remember when Memorial City Mall was dead and Town   Country Mall was packed, now Town   Country is gone, but Memorial City has been revived.] 




 Another reason why it's better to just donate money directly to the Food Bank. 




 Motorcycles are a lot more stable, at speed, than people think. 




















































































 Shudder, memories of that high school friend who would get pissed off that his favorite metal band wasn't getting any attention and then called them sell outs when they finally started selling lots of records and getting videos on MTV. 




 I enjoyed the segment, I thought it was weird that she was going to be on the show, not sure that the NPR demographic includes many people who will buy her selfie book, but I guess her publicists felt it was a good idea for her to give it a shot. 




 I had totally forgotten about these commercials until I listened to Constance Zimmer on Marc Maron's WTF podcast from the other week. She played the daughter in these commercials. 




 I had the version that was made for Sears, loved playing those games, such better graphics than Atari. 









 But True Detective is starting this weekend. That new show that starts this weekend, Brink, also looks good. 




 I tend to wait after a movie is over, just to let the crowd thin out. But I won't do that if it means I'm blocking the path of someone who is trying to leave. 




 I was hoping it was going to be her. Part of me keeps expecting her to show up all of a sudden. 









 Larry 





























 I saw a report on twitter suggesting that he may have been wearing a fake nose and a wig. 




 A report on twitter indicated that he may have been wearing a wig and a fake nose. 









 Toby's eyes say "I shall avenge myself!" 






















































 [There is a meeting locator on this website.](http://www.aahouston.org/) 






















































 I'm amused by that website's use of the world "intelligence."  




 Makes no financial or economic sense whatsoever, secession would create capital flight. 




 Auto parts stores should have them. 









 Do you know how much of the building is currently occupied? 





























 Reminds me of an incident at the Harris County Jail that's several years old, a guy was so obese that despite a couple body searches, nobody ever found the pistol that was hidden in his folds of fat. Ultimately, he turned the pistol over to the deputies. 









 The bulk of the first half of this long form commercial was shot in Houston. The circular skywalk, that was originally built for the now bankrupt Enron. 














 I can only imagine. If memory serves, one of the buildings wasn't even finished until after Enron filed for bankruptcy. 




 My brother-in-law has season tickets at Circuit of the Americas, one day I'll have to get up there for a race. 




 Good to see there's still a use for the Enron buildings. 














 [Don't be so sure about that, Houston is the most ethnically diverse city in the United States, so . . . ](http://america.aljazeera.com/articles/2014/8/26/immigrants-reshapehoustonamericasmostdiversemetropolis.html) 














 It's rained for the most part of the day here in Alief, most of it a nice light to moderate rain; however, it picked up significantly about 30 minutes ago and the wind has picked up too. Have heard a little thunder, but not much. Bill only came ashore between 11:00 a.m and noon, it's taken some time for its eastern feeder bands to catch up, but it seems like they have and will stick around overnight. 



















 Yes, Houston, Texas - but I have deep, strong roots in the Tri-State Area. 




 There's a shelter here in Houston that runs regular specials of 2 cats for $50, total. 




 I'm reminded of HBO's Silicon Valley where they hacked into their competitors' system because the CEO left his password written on a piece of paper laying on his desk. 




 Seems to be connected to Sabermetrics - http://www.sportsonearth.com/article/61525440/
 









 He likes the attention. 




 It's summer time, your brain needs to be giving you some nice popcorn, blockbuster fun movie. 




 To me, the issue is that she didn't just identify as a certain race, she represented herself in such a way so as to obtain a position where she was the local representative for NAACP. It's not like Bruce Jenner dressed as a woman in order to trick people into giving him the job as the local representative for NOW. 




 My comfort book is one that goes back to one I was a kid in the 1980s. It's Daniel Pinkwater's "Lizard Music," which was published in 1976. It always takes me back to carefree summer days, and staying up late, watching bad tv, when you were supposed to be asleep. 









 Blaze Starr was a burlesque dancer who had an affair with Louisiana Governor Earl K. Long, but, more importantly, inspired filmmaker John Waters and drag queen/actor Divine. [Blaze Starr died on June 15, 2015, here is an obituary, she was 83.](http://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/2015/06/15/blaze-starr-burlesque-dancer-linked-to-governor-dies-at-83/) 














 Been raining here in Alief most of the morning, mainly a nice moderate rain, but just experienced about 10 minutes of fairly heavy rain, now back to moderate rain. 




 I don't remember anyone like her doing the traffic when I was in high school, sigh . . .  









 I'll stick to looting in the Galleria, it has air conditioning. 




 Been raining in Alief, on and off most of the morning but for the past hour or so it has been a fairly steady, but light to moderate rain. Though, as I was about to hit save, it just got significantly heavier. 




 After Ike, it took a week to get my power back on, thankfully I listened and was prepared, wasn't fun, but could have been a lot worse. 




 I've seen some pictures on twitter of the water getting over the boardwalk, so Seabrook seems to be getting a bit of storm surge too. 




 I just drove a couple bridges over Keegans Bayou, which is near, thankfully, it is nowhere near as high as the one in your picture. 




 I like Rachel and Britta too . . , but Jennifer is why I watch traffic even though I usually leave so early traffic is not an issue. 









 I only get paid for the time I bill, and right now I don't have a file to work on (to bill for), so I wouldn't be going to the office even if there was no storm . . . sigh. 









 Agree to disagree 









 Section 8 is a federal housing program for low income people, considering that, at the national level, race and the income gap have been big political issues, I believe this is about current US politics, especially with a presidential election in 2016 and the fact that people in the Elizabeth Warren camp are going to force the Democrats to address these issues. 




 That's the best "Bill" I've seen. 




 Let's not forget the German, Czech, and Polish cultural influences in Texas, or that a lot of the old big ranches were started by ScotIrish. 




 We have our own dividing lines in Texas. As a Houstonian, I'm very different from someone who lives out in San Angelo, hell, I'm very different from people from Austin and Dallas and etc. 






















































 People started early today. I went to a Walmart around 9 this morning to get batteries and the places was already getting super busy with the water buyers. 




 A lot of garages for the smaller office buildings (like on Bering in the Galleria area and those office building clusters along the Beltway) are your best bets because they rarely have require parking cards or payment for parking. 









 It sounds like there is a low pressure system in the area, so I suspect, but I'm no expert, that the possibility for tornadoes will come when the tropical storm hits the low pressure system. 




 Think of this like the Memorial Day rain, but more widespread, with some stronger wind, and some possible tornadoes. And, it may last well into Wednesday. 




 The son of Jackson Pollack is meteorologist.  




 [I was looking through through these pictures from what's left of the Silverdome and noticed those brochures, thought others would get a kick out of seeing a bit of MLS history from 21 years ago.](http://dcist.com/2015/06/abandoned_states_the_silverdome_pon.php#photo-1) 









 These brochures are apparently still in the declining Silverdome in Pontiac, Michigan.

EDIT: http://dcist.com/2015/06/abandoned_states_the_silverdome_pon.php#photo-1 









 Long gone are the days when the Detroit Lions played at the Silverdome, there are a lot more pictures of the stadium in its current condition here: http://dcist.com/2015/06/abandoned_states_the_silverdome_pon.php#photo-1 









 [Here's a photo gallery of the Silverdome in its current condition, which is not good at all.](http://dcist.com/2015/06/abandoned_states_the_silverdome_pon.php#photo-1) 














 They've finally moved it away from being that bland car rental fleet vehicle; however, they still make the old one, now the Impala Special, for car rental companies. 




 I think it's because Dyson might be viewed as the Lexus of vacuums, plus all those commercials for it. 




 2014 Chevy Impala, the new body model. 




 The dark clouds were over Sugar Land, picture was taken in Alief. 




 Looking south towards Sugar Land. 









 I had been hoping she would have done that last night, but then again, Monica is probably better at playing the long game than the rest of the vote holders. 




 A dope smoking, masturbating to porn Steve Jobs. 




 They should have kept Richard as CEO, but brought in an "adult" to be the CFO. 




 I can see that as the idea of what he happens to happen, and if so, it'll be fun to see the hurdles Judge and the writers throw up in its path. 




 I didn't even think of that, oh my . . .  




 That's going to be so hilarious. 




 It was pretty heavy, while it lasted, but it didn't last long. 














 Stanis   his army are making me think of Napoleon invading Russia. 














 I was on the sidewalk across the street from the Criminal Courthouse. 




 I love her too, in moderate doses. 




 Amazing catch, I didn't even notice that. 




 He reminded me of a young Michael Imperioli - Goodfellas Spider era Imperioli, kept waiting for him to say "Go fuck yourself Tommy." 




 It's that red hair and cherubic face. 




 True, so true. 




 After having just binged season 3 of Orange is the New Black, that helped some with the withdrawals. Thanks OP.  Also reminds me of this old, old piece from This American Life about doing a comedy set at a prison - http://www.thisamericanlife.org/radio-archives/episode/119/lockup?act=4 




 Saw this on the news this morning, I feel bad for the guy, but really feel bad for that dog. 




 I can honestly say this is the first police Hummer I've ever seen. Based on the posts over there, looks like it was confiscated. The only LEO in Houston I've seen with a decal saying it was confiscated was a really beat old Ford F150, I actually felt bad for the Constable who had to drive it. 









 Constable Precinct One 




 Well, this vehicle, which had Constable ID on dash and was parked in the Harris County fleet fuel depot this morning, indicates otherwise (and I've seen Ghost Constable vehicles in Alief with regular Texas plates too).  




 I'm not trying to incite outrage. In the past, there have been discussion about whether or not a certain vehicle someone has seen was LEO. A lot of people are under the misconception that all LEO vehicles in Texas have "Exempt" plates, I've always maintained that is not the case, and I'm posting this picture so as to educate people here on the issue. I actually went downtown to get pictures for /r/policevehicles - and happened to see this one parked in the Harris County fleet fuel depot. 









 I've listened to NPR since the late 1980s, and haven't felt any burn out. But, I don't listen to it exclusively. In the mornings I mix my Morning Edition with local sports talk radio and sometimes Howard Stern. During the middle of the day I listen to podcasts of my favorite NPR shows or stream the music oriented WFUV out of The Bronx. I love ATC and Marketplace in the late afternoons and on the drive home. Compared to most other news media out there, NPR still serves up better news coverage of national events and world events. The other "news" radio station in Houston is just a delivery vehicle for Fox. 




 Is it David Sedarises or David Sedari - that was one of my favorite NPR related shout-outs in Season 3. 



















 It's more an issue of the license plates, there's a belief that all law enforcement vehicles in Texas have "Exempt" license plates, but that's not always the case. 




 [And another example of an unmarked Constable vehicle with regular Texas plates instead of the exempt plates.](http://i.imgur.com/bWe2B5l.jpg) 














 For a traditional lobster roll, Maine-ly sandwiches. For something a little different, the lobster roll sliders at Jonathan's Rub. 









 Most detective vehicles I've seen don't have the spotlight, it could have been a patrol vehicle that was moved over to a detective. 




 This was parked in the downtown Harris County gas depot this morning. On the dashboard there was information evidencing that it belonged to the First Precinct. 





























 I enjoyed it, enjoyed the cast. It definitely had an indie feel and while so many coming of age movies go all in on the crude stuff, this movie had more of a sweet feel to it.  



















 No, premieres next Sunday (this Sunday is the Season Finale of Game of Thrones), but critics have already received the first three episodes and the early reviews are being published. 









 This song was specifically recorded for the soundtrack of the 1987 film Less Than Zero. Rick Rubin was the music supervisor for the film. 


































 And embarrassed that I know this, Reese Witherspoon's mother in Four Christmases. . . .  




 [Here's a YouTube video titled "Mary Steenburgen Smoking"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9ACh4u79LA) 




 You should watch her in the last two seasons of Justified, she's evil. 




 [This is a fairly long legal article about the use of bear gallbladders in Asia and the development of laws in the U.S. and Canada concerning the hunting/poaching of bears solely for their gallbladders.](http://www.legalaffairs.org/issues/November-December-2002/story_todd_novdec2002.msp) For those who have licenses to legally hunt bears, things get tricky. They (or their taxidermist) can possess and sell a gallbladder (often with license/permit) attached only to those licensed to buy gallbladders. I get the impression that a lot of licensed bear hunters just destroy the gallbladder at the site of the kill so as not to accidentally run afoul of the laws. 









 Good time for a bathroom break. 




 I had always suspected that Chang was a Snakehead. But, her being involved in the illegal market for endangered animal parts makes sense too, that's crime with a big federal nexus, though many states, especially California, have applicable state laws too. [In fact that NatGeo show Wild Justice did an episode centered around Game Wardens in San Francisco's Chinatown.](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3211848/) 




 The federal government has major crimes jurisdiction over Indian Reservations in non-PL 280 States (though there are exceptions). I remember one Native American activist (probably Russell Means or John Trudell, or could have been Leonard Peltier) saying that the federal correction system is the biggest Indian Reservation in the United States. Litchfield is part of the federal system so while it could get Natives from any Rez across the country, there are several nearby in New York and New England. I'm pretty certain that there are way more Native males in the system than Native females, but, plenty of Native women end up behind bars for the same reasons the current inmates of Litchfield are there. I've done a little work on accommodating the religious needs of Native inmates, and I'd just like to see OITNB address, even to a slight degree, the existence of Natives in the federal system.

EDIT: TL;DR - Because of Federal Jurisdictional Issues, OITNB should have Native American prisoners. 




 Bunk beds, buses of inmates, next season will really up the ante on the debate of the privatization of prisons in the United States. Not a fan of privatization, I look forward to how things play out. 


































 We used to go there after the clubs closed back in my high school and college days. A late night breakfast and a slice of pie. . . . memories 




 Not too surprised, in light of the recent Court decision, I suspect more people than normal will be at the parade tonight. 









 Just be careful, should you get caught by the cops, you could risk charges, or threat of charges, that would involve sex offender registration. 




 I went to the Astros game last night, and it was crazy downtown, ended up paying $30 to valet at Vic   Anthony's. If you can't get there very early, look at using light rail. 














 Rugby fans are a bit odd to begin with. 









 Then they have no business getting married because they don't understand what marriage is. 




 I don't think they'd even lose tax exempt status, there's a long history of churches that don't perform marriages where one of the parties is not a member of that faith. And, LGBT people want to get married to be happy, to promote love for each other - nobody wants to start their marriage by trying to force someone to perform the marriage ceremony, weddings are about good memories, not shitty memories. 









 It's not satire, it's an extremely conservative website that seems to border on satire. 




 I enjoyed the ending, I liked how they set the table for Season 4. 





























 One law enforcement problem I've heard about is that when a law is passed to outlaw it, the manufactures change up the chemical formula so it doesn't violate the law anymore.  




 A couple years ago, the teenage daughter of a couple I know tried some synthetic stuff, she ended up on life support in the hospital. Long tragic story short, she survived but has been undergoing extensive rehab ever since due to the brain damage. 














 It might feel like that in Texas, but, I've not found that to be the real case throughout the country, especially in business where $ is the almighty ruler. 









 As a lawyer, I'd prefer religion to stay out of marriage. So much of the property law I deal with on a regular basis is tied to marital and familial status and relationships. 




 I wouldn't say they are in control of most Christian denominations (or Jewish, Muslim, Hindu, etc. denominations), they're always just the loudest and most outrageous. 




 I've seen this photograph at an exhibition and it was fascinating. [This morning, NPR aired a story about the girls in the photograph.](http://www.npr.org/2015/06/27/417782675/what-happened-to-the-9-year-old-smoking-in-mary-ellen-marks-photo) 









 I'm not sure that you "need" to giver her away. Cats are super self-reliant, she's a kitten so she is going to be more active now, but as she gets older she'll chill out. Cats sleep for about 70% of their lives. As for bigger space, I can see an issue with a dog, but I know many people who live in small apartments that have not one, but two cats.  




 You're essentially saying that the most conservative elements of religion represent all religious people, which is far, far, far from the truth. I'm a Christian and am in constant disagreement with the evangelicals and their beliefs. I support gay marriage, I have no problem with churches performing gay wedding ceremonies. 




 Not a minor league team but maybe considered a low-key sport in the States, [the Houston Dynamo](http://www.houstondynamo.com) have reasonably priced tickets. 




 I've never thought of marriage as a vestige of religion. In the historical sense, marriage is a contractual relationship between two (often wealthy) families.  




 The County Attorney for Harris County (Houston) isn't letting the Harris County Clerk drag his feet for three weeks, instead he issued a letter directing the Clerk to start handing out marriage licenses to same sex couples - http://i.imgur.com/SmOnrAu.jpg 





























 Glad to see the County Attorney in Harris County didn't put up with any foot dragging BS from the County Clerk http://i.imgur.com/SmOnrAu.jpg 




 I can't believe this hypocritical jerk passed a bar exam. 




 DA or County Attorney? 




 Texas, where dunces imagine the state government is a theocracy. 














 [It appears so.](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/27/us/supreme-court-same-sex-marriage.html?hp action=click pgtype=Homepage module=span-ab-top-region region=top-news WT.nav=top-news) 









 A lot of times, the state/county/city easement doesn't actually extend into the locations of where the developer placed the sidewalk. 




 A lot nicer than the old jury assembly room. 




 You should crosspost over at /r/policevehicles 







































 As a Houstonian, I like how the E Corp. logo is almost identical to the [Enron logo.](http://scumbaggery.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/09/enron_logo.jpg) 



























































 I saw that a group will be watching at Nick's Place in west Houston. 









 I've heard HBU students refer to Baylor as Sodom and Gomorrah on the Brazos. 
































































 For the past few seasons, I think the writers have been struggling with Divya's storyline, it's like they're just saying "What can we do to make things tougher on Divya?" 




 Trust me, you're not the only one who wants Jill back. 




 But you're going the wrong direction to get to Montana. 


































 Depending on where you go, there's usually plenty of street parking a couple blocks off the main streets, in the different neighborhoods. 




 I've hit over 100 on the section between 290 and I-10. 
























 I live in the Alief area and have relied on the Ft. Bend Parkway Toll Road/Highway 90/610 as a quick way to get into and out of the NRG Stadium area, not sure how it is during regular rush hour, but you might want to check it out for commuting back and forth from SL and TMC. 






















































 Maybe, maybe not, if OP has comprehensive and makes a claim on his own insurance, his insurance company will subrogate the claim and seek compensation from Centerpoint. If Centerpoint reimburses OP's insurance company, the insurance company will reimburse OP for the deductible.  




 Nice pictures. Was surprised to see an owl this morning while I was out exercising, first time I've seen an owl in this area of Houston. 












































 When I was in college at Baylor University in Waco, Texas, China Beach was on Lifetime, we watched China Beach every night while eating dinner. 






















































 Anyone who posts a Television song should get as many upvotes as possible. 







































 As I understand it, he spent a great deal of planning for the male inmates, but the female inmates was last minute. Ross was on Stern this past week and they spent a lot of time discussing this project. 







































 I'm sure you can find a nice one at Foley's, I mean Macy's. 




 No reason to apologize. 




 [How Soon is Now, is like an 80s anthem.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1qMYH1WM2gI) 




 Totally, 100% agree with you. 
































































 My go to place in Houston for bialys - had them for breakfast on Sunday. The only problem I've had there is I think I'm the only one who asks them to NOT toast my fresh bagels and bialys. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L7QF32mxftE 




 A lot of the people who live in Austin that I've met seem to actually be transplants from places in Texas that are a lot smaller than Austin. To them Houston is too big and scary, but Austin is just the right size to feel they've gone up in the world. The people I know who are Houston transplants ended up there because of work. 




 I lived there from 94-97, still had some bit of quirk to it, but it was already no longer the Austin of "Slacker." Not long ago, I visited a friend who lives up on the northwest side of Austin and we went to have breakfast nearby, the development reminded me of any mixed retail/business/apartment development in Plano or Frisco. 




 I've had favorable reactions from people in New York City. 

















































 On a street near where I live I've seen prostitutes trolling for johns before 9:00 a.m. on a Sunday morning. Last time I went down that street, I didn't see any, so guessing they finally got pushed off to another area, maybe. 




 The actual renaming ceremony is today. 









 True 














 Last year I heard George Pelecanos mention that Simon and himself were pitching this idea to HBO, glad to see they're still pushing it. 









 I'm going to miss Jon when he leaves, not sure his replacement could have done want Jon did after September 11th, after yesterday, after so many other tragedies. 









 I thought that was more about when they're on the shoulder already providing assistance. 




 And that's what's so annoying about how they all feel the need to race to the scene, it doesn't matter who's there first. 




 I won't drive the speed limit, cause I don't like the speed limit, but I do take advantage of blocking wrecker drivers whenever I have the right-of-way (they don't seem to understand Yield signs or the concept of right-of-way). 




 An accident is a feeding frenzy for wrecker drivers and they all race to get there for a shot at making some money. 






















































 Track 2 in particular. 




 Glad you liked it. Their album, Milo Goes to College, is probably one of the best they ever put out, and the whole thing is on YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N-8oujFcuQ0 




 But the US does care about corruption. 




 I've crushed on her since the 90s, not baffled by it, just can't help myself. I hope you've seen The Daytrippers, that is one of my most favorite Posey movies. 









 And then keeps an eye on the suspect until he has passed the table with the silverware. 




 Their reaction time was very impressive, she went for her Taser since her partner was right there with the suspect, her partner managed to get the suspect moved away so that the suspect was no longer between him and his partner. 









 A quick look on Google suggests that there really isn't a good site with data covering all of Texas, most of the suits would be brought against the municipalities (or counties) and the relevant law enforcement departments, not against the state specifically (unless it involved DPS or Texas Parks   Wildlife). 



















 Contemporary R B combines elements of rhythm and blues, soul, funk, pop, hip-hop, and dance. I went with the record store labeling version of of "R B" as a catch-all for popular music. 














 Possibly "suicide by cop," sounds like he was struggling with a lot of issues: http://www.palestineherald.com/news/bushey-family-trying-to-comprehend-loss/article_f0bee44a-0968-11e5-a9cc-93de734fa71c.html 














 http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2015/07/02/park-police-washington-navy-yard-shooter/29607533/ 












































 [Here's an article about the shooting.](http://www.palestineherald.com/news/bushey-shooting-videos-released/article_34b8e3ec-1f82-11e5-9e3c-0bcf0658377a.html) 














 Very impressed by how quickly he managed to get a guy with a gun in hand moved into a position where his partner was no longer in the line of fire. 




 Seems like an appropriate Subreddit to me. RIP Sir Nicholas. 














 [Try Value Thrift Mart, it looks like it has super cheap clothing.](https://plus.google.com/108146087525968619843/about?gl=us hl=en) OR garage sales. 




 Except our plethora of sports talk radio, and the NPR stations. 




 A I understand it, 1560 is now just a delivery device for Yahoo Sports Radio. Nothing is really left from its glory days as 1560 The Game (not even the name), except John Granato, and I bet he's still there because he's an investor. 




 When I want music from that period, Lithium on SiriusXM has a better playlist. 









 I wonder what "mixologists" get paid. 



















 That's a very low key looking vehicle, would probably take me a couple extra seconds to realize that was a police vehicle if I saw it while driving in North Carolina. 




 One of the most conservative people I knew in law school (in Texas) was from New York City. The world is shades of gray. 




 Nobody in Houston ever bothered my Kinky sticker. 




 ? 




 No, not in Dallas, it has way more liberal now than it has probably ever been. Just a general rule of thumb to understanding politics in Texas: big cities lean liberal (Houston, Dallas, San Antonio, Austin) while suburban and rural areas tend to lean conservative, with some exceptions in heavily Hispanic South Texas.

What part of New Jersey are you moving from? 




 Plus, there have been a lot of heavy, slow moving rain clouds that dump a lot of water in one area in a short period of time. 




 Everytime I've gone to a soccer match at NRG there was tailgating. I'd say give yourself a large cushion, especially if you plan on tailgating. Not sure the exact start time tonight, but I know 610 is a parking lot on a good day, combine rush hour and soccer fans on 610 it's a nightmare. I remember somebody once saying they saw a vehicle pulled on the shoulder of 610 selling Mexican jerseys to people stuck in 610 traffic. 









 These days I'm not sure what their wage is, I think it's state by state. I bet most bartenders don't get minimum. As for the other positions, if you're the only waiter who doesn't tip them out, they'll remember. 




 Not to mention that waitstaff often have to tip out busboys, bar backs, bartenders, dishwashers, etc. (Varies by restaurant.) 




 Sammers SC is holding a watch party at [Nick's Place](http://www.nicksplacehouston.com) on Sunday July 5th at 5:30 p.m. The United States will be playing either Japan or England. 




 I would recommend 790 am.  



























































 I haven't had any problems. 




 The owner of your apartment complex is responsible for providing parking, not the city. 














 These days it seems like there are more mattress stores in Houston than Starbucks stores. 

















































 Cruz only cares about playing to the most extreme right of the right-wing portion of the GOP. He doesn't care about what the majority wants, he doesn't care about what anyone who didn't vote for him wants, and he doesn't care about anyone who disagrees with him.

SOURCE: I live in Texas, and Cruz doesn't care about my political views or ideas. 




 I like him, and now I'm really glad I caught a live show in 2013. 




 I knew a lawyer who did family law and criminal defense, the back of his business cards essentially said that if you get arrested STFU and call me. 









 An option, though it's one that doesn't seem to get used much in Texas. 




 That's an option. 







































 I recently read Steve Osborne's memoir, "The Job," and he made a couple references to using these cabs when he was with the Anti Crime Unit.  




 Any idea what Rez this unit patrols? 




 The only time I've seen a sticker on a police vehicle indicating it was a seizure is when I saw a Harris County Constable in an old beat-up Ford F-150, felt sorry for the constable having to drive such a clunker. 




 Not surprised that Kenedy County isn't issuing them, the county's population is less than 500 people and I think they're all part of the Kenedy family or work for the Kenedy family. 




 I love how there are quotes around the word Truth, very appropriate in this context. 




 She can't be "fired," she can be impeached, but this crazy legislature won't do that, so the good people of Hood County need to vote her out of office at the next opportunity to do so. 




 [Trailer for Decline of Western Civilization.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EhDrjKqtRK4) --
[Trailer for Decline of Western Civilization Part II: The Metal Years.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6tt5HOZ27U) --
[Trailer for Decline of Western Civilization Part III.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-aI0WjBdNJw)
 
































































 It is possible that your car matched a description in a BOLO and they were running your plates to determine whether they should pull you over or not. 









 I will say this, there is a two-faced element to Lakewood Church. The main services have that feel good, be rewarded, yada yada yada tone, but I've gotten the impression that the bible studies and other small group things at Lakewood do have a more evangelical tone to them. I knew a guy who started going there, became an usher, started going to bible study for men classes and turned into one of those guys who, like Orthodox Jews and extremist Muslims, got mad at women for not dressing modestly, it was their fault for tempting him. 




 I've heard this complaint several times from evangelical types. 




 Good to hear he's back home! 




 Years ago I saw a police K9 stop and take a piss in Dulles Airport, thankfully the police officer took the time to clean up the mess and put up a slippery surface warning sign. 




 What an inconsiderate asshole. 







































 Not from Season 2, but love how this scene captures the Rawls/McNulty relationship - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=26TRIz2d1m8 




 In my neighborhood, there probably will be guns fired into the air (just not as many as get fired into the air on New Year's Eve). 














 Based on the news report I just heard on Channel 2, all of the counties in the Houston area are issuing marriage licenses to same sex couples, with the exception of San Jacinto where the Clerk says they're waiting on new forms (which sounds like they're just dragging their feet as a long as possible since all the other counties are making the forms work). 









 Keeps our skin smooth and young. 





























 The AG's office did try to stop a divorce case involving a same sex couple, but earlier this month the Texas Supreme Court ruled against the AG http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/texas-supreme-court-upholds-divorce-sex-couple-31891023 














 I call it a quirk, because I spent a few years living and practicing law in Wisconsin where there are limitations/requirements concerning what specific county can issue your marriage license. For example, if I'm a resident of Wisconsin and I want to get a marriage license from Milwaukee County, I or my fianc had to live in Milwaukee County for at least 30 days. People who don't live in Wisconsin but want to get married there, say in Bayfield (which is very lovely during summer) have to get their marriage license from Bayfield County. 














 Each state has its own laws regarding marriage (heavily tied to property law), but, states cannot enact and enforce laws that violate the Constitution. The marriage issue isn't new territory for the Supreme Court, in 1967 the Court issued a decision in Loving v. Virginia stating that state laws prohibiting interracial marriage were unconstitutional.
I haven't read the full majority Opinion, so don't know if this was an issue in the outcome, but one major problem I have had with state laws that ban same sex marriage is that they also said the state did not have to recognize such a marriage that took place in a state where same sex marriage was legal. To me this goes completely against full faith and credit, which I view as a building block of our legal system. 




 Does anyone know what's going on in Fort Bend, Montgomery, and Brazoria Counties?

(Just as an interesting aside, there is a quirk in Texas law that allows you to get a marriage license from a county that you don't live in nor do you plan to marry in. I have friends who live in Harris but got their licenses in Fort Bend because it is a "prettier" looking license.) 




 That asshole Andrew Jackson didn't listen.  




 Paxton is basing his position on "religious objections" of the public employees, which has no merit whatsoever. Under his reasoning, the Clerk's office can say "We won't issue a marriage license to anyone who is not getting married in a Christian Church." 




 Houston is very pro gay, but the County is less so since there are some very conservative areas that are not part of Houston, and the office in charge of issuing the licenses is the Harris County Clerk. 









 This profile captures what's been becoming a major problem, people getting addicted to properly prescribed pain killers and moving on to heroin. 














 It was kind of fun watching Pornstache have to clean vomit off the display. 




 I'm definitely enjoying the humor and jokes in The Brink, glad to have something to fill the Silicon Valley void. 




 I thought so, but didn't see it under her IMDB page. 




 Living here in Texas, hope I do say it to the "wrong" person sometime. 



























































 The extreme right wing of the GOP love his BS. 




 Such an embarrassment to Texas. 









 No, because you probably would never vote for him, he doesn't care about Texas or all Texans, he only cares about the people who actually cast a vote for him. 









 That's not how the Constitution   rule of law work, that's not how any of this works Paxton. 




 The Cherry Sisters were a Vaudeville act, consisting of real life sisters, who performed music, poetry, readings, fake hypnosis, and other artistic expressions. Audiences found the group devoid of talent and would yell at group and throw fruit and vegetables at the Cherry Sisters during their performances, and yet the group continued to tour and perform. Were they precursors to comedians like Andy Kaufman or were they really talentless? 







































 I figured since /r/mls allows posts about the women, /r/Dynamo would too. 




 Barney Miller anyone? 







































 I doubt he'll say anything during the service, the few times I went to Lakewood with my now ex-wife Joel never seemed to get into controversial topics, sticked to his normal be positive themes. Though this post reminded me of a discussion I had with a gay friend who was looking for a Houston church to attend, he didn't like Lakewood because there wasn't enough "fire and brimstone" in its message.
 
























 I agree with you, those still fighting same sex marriage are on the wrong side of history. But it is good that their efforts to fight against what is right are futile because there are counties in Texas issuing licenses to same sex couples, and you can get a license from a county even if you don't live in the county and you don't plan to get married in that county. 




 Cruz only believes in whatever will get him attention   the support of the far right. 




 Same sex couples who live in Hays County can get licenses from other counties that are issuing them to same sex couples. 
























