 YOU FUCKED MY CAT TOOOO!?!?!?

dude, I'd get checked if I were you, that cat is a fucking whore 




 I've only known one person IRL who likes it, which is my brother.

I'm not gonna take the time to describe my brother in great detail, but he is the second dumbest person I know. He's also the furthest thing from a 'nerd' 




 Hey, I remember that, I was there too! 




 dude, I don't even know... I'm gonna go watch TV 




 How about DigiDesign? 




 I'd eat the butter whole and then when he eats ME, i'll kill him slowly with high cholesterol!  




 Other than it not being funny, most people who are smart enough to use the internet don't like the show, so there's *that* 




 I would give myself omnipotence. I'm getting sick and tired by my lack of omnipotence 




 meh.

It's ok 




 Cumming 




 Probably not the day I was born 




 Because they like it rough ;) 




 I'd tell you, but I don't wanna be an associate to a violent murder and/or kidnapping 




 My nervous system 




 What are your strengths? 




 I'd probably be a politician 




 Which n word?

narwhal?

neverland?

*nostril?* 




 Plain and simple: They wanted enough time to pass before mentioning Jon (Arin's post explaining WHY they didn't mention him was not a lie, despite Jon disagreeing with it)

They didn't want people flipping their shit over Jontron mentions or fighting over wanting the show to be what it was and not what it is. They wanted the show to move forward and not live in the past. Meanwhile, plenty of people, Jon and Nicole included, loved to troll you guys HARD on this sub

Finally enough time had passed when they felt like nobody would flip out over breaking the vow of silence. Dan had been there way longer and they reached a point where one of his serials was the longest running one. A perfect time to drop the silence. And NOBODY flipped out over it except for Conspiracy Grumps (it kind of killed it, TBH) Sure, plenty of people were shocked, happy, and glad to see it, but they didn't have a nerdgasm.

I don't think it was ever a breakup thing or a lost friendship. I think one guy just simply moved too far away to be involved. When your partner abandons you, you don't focus on the past, you focus on the present and doing your best to make a good product, which they did. Part of that required not mentioning Jon so that people didn't grow to loathe Dan or even Arin because it wasn't the way it started (And this sub particularly grew to loathe Arin) And they made the right choice because the show got exponentially better when Dan joined 




 History will remember them together 




 Man walks to the store to buy beer! Does this support Terrorism? Find out at 11:00 




 2 Girls 1 Cup

I mean, I just admire the *resilience* 




 I can't even read, so why would I care? 




 same as mine  




 So this guy is doing anal on this girl while she's blowing a black guy and a midget. She keeps begging for double penetration, but the guy is hogging that asshole so much they can't even get a dick in edgewise 




 I would buy more money 




 OH, you fucking name it!

r/funny 

r/gaming

r/AskReddit (oh, wait!) 




 THIS one:
http://www.dpsgproductfacts.com/product_images/brand_logos/HAWAIIAN_PUNCH.png?v=1338927337

Shit is gross! 




 A used condom could've helped a woman conceive.

And that's how Jesus was born  :) 




 politics and religion 




 try selling it for a buck a mile. I'm sure there's an idiot out there who'll fall for it 




 Don't change the subject here.... did you touch yourself? 




 It's not about what THEY want... it's a matter of us showing our dominance and degrading them. Kinda like dogs marking their territory.

Only we give them baby gravy instead of peeing on them (though there are some folks who are into that as well) 




 why not BOTH? 

;) 




 I make comedic films, CG animations, VFX shorts, and even a few songs coming up.

All of that primarily parodies video games, like my first song here;
 [A Gamer's Love Song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DMDO2wVezQ) 




 it's very easy to make Jacques's voice

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=keJf7iYHPtg feature=youtu.be 




 "How big is your dick?" 




 Because, um.... you know.... reasons and such.... 




 care to provide an example, as OP asked? 




 Arin cheated on him with Dan, so Jon ran away to NYC to become a model... I think he became quite successful:

http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/920/296/0cd.png 




 He does, but a lot of it might be fueled by the shitty part of this fanbase.

He's definitely the funniest though, hands down 




 All of them 




 I was right though. I doubted it was an alternate title 




 This one time my brother's digestive system wasn't working right and he shat out undigested spaghetti and sauce. I know this sounds fake but it's completely real. We were camping, he took a dump in the woods, then called us over to show it to us (it had little bits of digested fecal matter, but mostly looked like a dropped plate of pasta) My dad took him to the doctor the next day, I don't remember anything past that and it never happened again. 




 While they kinda feel like the same game at times, Majora's Mask for me. But only barely, primarily due to the creepiness of it and I never played it as much as I played OoT when I was a kid, yet I still remember it being more fun.

But OoT is a better icon in video-gaming and is the best representation of a perfect Zelda game 




 Not at all. Just a mediocre video made by Rocketjump. 




 funny stuff, man! 




 Fire. Literally fire everywhere, as far as the eye can see.

At least that's what FoxNews tells me 




 I'm saying that there is no original you. There are all these universes happening at the same time, without the presence of the others. They don't pop in and out of existence, they merely change when things happen in them. Sometimes those things don't happen in the others and over time the two will not be similar at all.

Even in other, similar universes, the person that looks, acts, and thinks like you isn't you. He doesn't share your atoms, your conscience, or your universe. He is a different person entirely  




 anytime ;)
 




 Financial stability, a Career in Comedy, a Fanbase, my family being fed, healthy and happy. 




 Making people laugh 




 Science.

Mine taught "these are science concepts, now let's learn about Creationism" 




 question not answered.  




 eh, they can't all be winners, can they? Oh well, into the pit, maybe your pleasurable moans will just make it worse for the others 




 like this:

ooxlxoo! 




 Well, what I mean isn't that the other universes are created when possibilities are presented, it's that those moments are where each universe starts to veer into its own, beginning with the most miniscule of differences. There wouldn't be an original 'you' just a different one.

A question I just thought of, though...

In an infinite universe, where mathematically speaking, anything that is possible or thinkable can and will eventually happen, then wouldn't THAT be in a way, predestination/fate? 




 That guy that did the thing. It mattered 




 and I'll make **this sound:**

ooxlxoo!!!! 




 I'm gonna finish to your post 




 Oracle of Ages/Oracle of Seasons 




 It always has its ups-and-downs

Like, you know, every show ever 




 I feel dirtier after seeing it 




 Saw this on my Facebook feed.... To be fair, I think this guy is a tremendous pothead. 




 Am I the only one who felt a little proud when a random orc killed me, became a captain, then eventually made it all the way up to War Chief?


All of this guy's success can be traced back to one incident when his oppenent was too busy eating a cookie to play two handed and got himself killed. 



















 Posting this because my second daughter was born today and I immediately thought to myself "this is no time to make jokes.... save them for reddit :)  












































 God, what goes through someone's fucking mind when they see a video and decide to negatively comment on it without even watching it?

"I skipped around through it and the 45 seconds I watched were fucking terrible." 

Translation: "Didn't watch - Still Criticized!" 

Seriously, go fuck yourself if you're this type of person! People work hard on videos and your comment isn't wanted or needed! 









 I used to do stand-up but stopped doing it to pursue filmmaking/improvised comedy. Recently, some new opportunities have arisen that may require me to do some stand-up on the side. I wanna talk about subjects that actually interest me, and definitely subjects that haven't been done to death. I've written some jokes on Star Trek, a few on being married that send up the "married life cliches" in stand-up and sitcoms, and a few on death that lead into the concept of Hell. I'm most proud of the last ones because, not only do I think they are the funniest bits, but it's a very interesting subject that I don't think I've heard many comedians talk about. The only thing that comes to mind is George Carlin's "but he LOVES you" bit.

So, I'm wondering, what are some topics you, as an atheist, would love to hear some comedy about? You know, there's SO many things that comedians could touch on but they don't, I just want to know what the community itself wants. 

edit: For reference; here are some examples of the Hell material: "... I mean, you never see a father trying to discipline his kid going "HEY! BILLY! Quit hitting your sister with the stick or I swear to Christ I will punch you in the fucking face! And I'm not JUST gonna punch you.... I'm gonna punch you...... FOREVER!!!

Also, "The belief in Hell clearly stems from these peoples' history of being abused as children as well as living in a society that recommends and accepts it. It implants warped views of justice in their minds and gives them a sense of an unavoidable cosmic malevolence.... trust me, I googled it..." 

















































 My daughter is two years old and I've been thinking a lot about when the time comes when somebody in our family tries to push religion on her. It'll definitely happen and it'll likely start with something they'll see as "small and harmless" like the concept of heaven. I'm trying to prepare my way of explaining it to her when she asks me about it, tell me if this sounds good:

"Well, a lot of people believe that when we die, we go to a special place called Heaven. Grandma, Grandpa and a few people we know believe this, but they don't know for sure. NOBODY knows for sure if it's real or not or even what it's like. We DO know that when we die, some people have these very realistic dreams and sometimes people go to heaven in these dreams where they'll be happy. Sometimes they see old friends or family members who made them happy. Sometimes they go to their favorite place in the world that made them happy in life. I think this is why people want heaven to be real, they want to be happy. But it's far more important to be happy here and now, while you can. Dying is a natural part of life... we're given a short time on this earth to experience happiness, sadness, anger, delicious food, fun, responsibility, and to do or create something important that makes everyone else's lives better. As for what happens when that time is over... NOBODY knows, even if they tell you they do. NOONE knows because noone's ever lived to tell about it.
 




 My daughter is two years old and I've been thinking a lot about when the time comes when somebody in our family tries to push religion on her. It'll definitely happen and it'll likely start with something they'll see as "small and harmless" like the concept of heaven. I'm trying to prepare my way of explaining it to her when she asks me about it, tell me if this sounds good:

"Well, a lot of people believe that when we die, we go to a special place called Heaven. Grandma, Grandpa and a few people we know believe this, but they don't know for sure. NOBODY knows for sure if it's real or not or even what it's like. We DO know that when we die, some people have these very realistic dreams and sometimes people go to heaven in these dreams where they'll be happy. Sometimes they see old friends or family members who made them happy. Sometimes they go to their favorite place in the world that made them happy in life. I think this is why people want heaven to be real, they want to be happy. But it's far more important to be happy here and now, while you can. Dying is a natural part of life... we're given a short time on this earth to experience happiness, sadness, anger, delicious food, fun, responsibility, and to do or create something important that makes everyone else's lives better. As for what happens when that time is over... NOBODY knows, even if they tell you they do. NOONE knows because noone's ever lived to tell about it. 







































 I doubt that. 12-14 year olds watch Markiplier/Pewdiepie. 




 I'm 23. I know what a digimon is, but not a tamagotchi.
The demographic they're aiming for is right around my age. I believe Arin is 25 or 26 or so

A younger audience than that probably *wouldn't* know what these things are 




 I'm allergic to prostitute dander 




 The versatility can be demonstrated as almost every word in the following sentence:

"Fuck the fucking fuckers" 




 Fantastic! Took my kids to the mall, went to Panera Bread and had some amazing soup, came up with a great idea for a funny song, wrote AND recorded it in a matter of 2-3 hours, and discovered a fun video-game that my wife and I played together. Now I'm editing my song while enjoying some delicious Boston Lager beer and browsing Reddit to keep myself entertained 




 attaboy! 




 "What are you thinking about?" 




 Sternum. But only in a thick Brooklyn accent where it suddenly becomes a cartoonish word

'Stoy num!"
 




 Not with the substance I've imagined in your path! 




 I'd rename dogs "prostitutes" just to hear sentences like:

"Hey hon, you wanna go to the shelter and adopt a prostitute? Let's try not to get one that'll hump your leg" 




 Everytime a person thinks about grapefruit, a kitten bursts into flames.

If they try to figure out *why* then that would just cause more kittens to burst into flames because it would eventually lead to thoughts of grapefruit popping into their mind

Where's your God NOW!? 




 I would clog the toilet of the world's best plumber with pure cement that looks and feels like feces to the human senses. 




 the motherfucker slays VAMPIRES, dude! 




 Lincoln.

Always. All the terms. All the time 




 To pee... or not to pee.... THAT is the question! 




 Primarily, it'd be difficult to see, which is necessary for my sight. So it'd be really hard to do things that require vision. 




 That word when you cum... I think it's spelled like:

"oooohhHuhayfgaggaaaaaaaaaaa!" 




 The one that gets posted daily 




 A random pedestrian. The note would say:

"Watch out for falling rocks" 




 Game Grumps 




 Keep doing the thing that made me rich and famous, only my off time will be filled with much travel and leisure, as well as a lot of charity donations/events 




 I was gonna say something along these lines but you beat me to it 




 Detroit 




 Spyro the Dragon.

That game is so good, but undeniably cheesy 




 A State ID works. You get those from the same locations as driver's licenses 




 anytime man :) 




 There is, but unfortunately, that's where the term "in the closet" comes from. It's a horrible thing that people deal with all around the world 




 Sure thing :) 




 Oh no, I wrote back :'( 




 That's the only reason I could think of that anyone would wish they could change their sexuality.

But what they really mean is, they wish that people didn't hate others so aggressively for something that doesn't affect *their* lives at all.

There's no reason that people should have to deal with that hate or hide their sexuality for fear of it 




 Less it is, then :) 




 What you're describing is "OCD" which is a heightened state of what everyone goes through, only with a pseudo-superstitious aspect to it.

No I don't obsess like that, but there are people who do.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Obsessive%E2%80%93compulsive_disorder 




 umm... I think everybody would choose the sexuality they currently identify themselves with. Otherwise they wouldn't identify with that 




 Make me :)

(hint: You **can't** ...more or less) 




 Unwarranted aggression huh?

Have a nice day, douche :D 




 Spread your legs so I can wipe it! 




 If you work hard at a low wage job for 40-60 hours a week, you will become rich. (or at the least, afford to pay for rent, food, and bills) 




 Sending a picture of your balls to their mother 




 Do you know how expensive a porn addiction would be in a pre-internet society? 




 /r/nostrilsthatlooklikeUSstates 




 It means "with small variations : approximately"

For example;

"Do you think Reddit is full of dumb questions like this one?"

"Yeah, more or less" 




 Original Content 




 Then what logical reason would 'the white race' die out soon? 




 Content Creator 




 Do you think whites only exist in America? 




 My Menstrual Cycle.... but then again, I'm a guy, so, it's easily a confusing issue 




 "Whoa... you can tell *he* doesn't wipe!" 




 Sketch comedy

[Source](http://www.youtube.com/mussonman) 




 Some weird thought he had that he suspected would make for a great, awe-inspiring quote:

"If you put me in a box.... is the box still a box? ... I think not!" 




 The Aqueduct? 




 I didn't mean YOU were throwing hate at her.

I just meant that I felt bad for her in general because a lot of people are dicks for no reason when it comes to Suzy 




 I always see her behavior when she's grumping as someone who actually cares about the game and not so much about the comedy.

She seems really competitive when she's playing a video-game.

I feel bad for her because of the unwarranted hate she receives. 




 If you've ever been in a live-action video, you'd probably understand what an uncomfortable experience it is. You have these bright lights on you, a camera pointing at you, a microphone dangling over your position, people behind the camera watching, and an audience in the future will be viewing your every move expecting to be entertained. The main thing that defines good acting is the ability to put that awkward situation past you and be entertaining or funny or portray a character with emotions.

Ross has a great technique of playing his uncomfortable awkwardness for laughs. Ross's mannerisms in the live-action videos are a character unto themselves. He's often at his funniest in those videos 




 the anal sex 




 Lol, I'd like to see an animated video where the cops bust these suspicious businesses and find stashes of stolen goods, like power-ups or whatever 




 My Runescape has girlfriends that are 6 years old 




 I have 6 Runescapes and played girlfriend 




 I'll fight you over that shit, DO YOU WANNA THROW DOWN?! MY *DAD OWNS NINTENDO!* 




 Because they started a business together. That's what you do 




 Man, I've been searching for years for a photo of a giraffe holding a man up with his tongue, while looking like he just doesn't give a damn.

Thank you for this, I couldn't get off without it 




 all these years and it's still the best strategy game ever.

And it taught me so much about history and kept me interested in being knowledgeable 




 Maybe it's just a front business and what they really do is something shady like drug dealing or child pornography. You know, somewhere where they need a remote, dangerous location. 




 I shall dub all of my greatest villains the title of "Murderking" 




 I don't understand why anyone cares if they talk about 'game design.'

Neither of them are experts on it whatsoever and it's not exactly a good topic for comedic banter 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/gamegrumps/comments/1j21po/thank_you_all/cbae3uj

(interesting note:) If you view what he's replying to, someone is specifically asking him why they don't mention Jon by name 




 I'll schedule a call in the morning to remind you.

"hey! Don't go to prison." 




 well after all the rape, of course! It's not pooping if it just falls out of you without your consent

(hint; because your asshole is widened) 




 what does the P stand for in YOPO?

You only prison once?

Sure, with a *life sentence* that is true, but I digress 




 [You aint cool unless you pee in in your pants!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGDW-IfVA2s) 




 and all the other ones too 




 The Shower Rape.

By golly, you talk about some aggressive motherfuckers.  




 Rage Comics 




 Not go to my job 




 Yeah, scared the shit outta him though. He did kind of jump the wrong way. Like he jumped straight toward it. I think he was too nervous to remember what to do 




 okay, how about seeing if it's shadowbanned? 




 That's what I'm here for :)

check out youtube.com/mussonman for more laughter! 




 I just changed it to wetting myself instead.

Easier to hide 




 I saw a dude bounce off the tail of the plane once 




 Maybe your account is caught in a Groundhog Day scenario. Quick, try to become a better person! 




 /r/funny

Anything posted that is actually funny gets downvoted all to hell and god forbid you post something original!

 




 Man, if I was serious (and understood that reference) I'd probably be in deep shit.(?) maybe? 




 I think it's north of the U.S 




 sure 




 Why would it require 'after the age of 30'

What cannot be learned before you are 30? What it feels like to turn 30? 




 Sex, jobs, relationships, cars, meals, art projects, really anything that may or may not have a negative impact 




 lol, that was supposed to be like a shocked naive person's reaction 




 When your wife is blowing you while her girlfriend watches, wondering if it's okay if she sucks on it too, then your wife gives her permission and holds it for her, while holding her hair and controlling the motion. 




 Here's the best, most articulate way I can describe that smell, keep in mind, I'm no literary major, so if I'm not descriptive enough, I apologize. Anyway, here we go:

*"I've never smelled it"* 




 Fire 




 OH, *MY!* 




 then I think your understanding of the male genitalia is a bit askew 




 You will NEVER get carded for alcohol... NOT FUCKING ONCE!!! 




 should've said:

"Writing a book.

A book about having sex with your mom" 
























 An impure union 




 I'd imagine that plenty of GG animated are school projects.

Especially for 3D animation classes 




 lol, that's clever 




 That awkward moment when your TITLE needs a ;TLDR 




 I would pay someone to make that intro 




 lol, that's what I was thinking 




 As the Oyster's children began producing their own pearls, the darkness began to be populated by a sparse of bright light. We call this "the night sky"

(I dunno. I'm not on reddit much) 









 Death is coming for us all, man, woman, and child... 

The Fyllid traveled 10 million light years to reach our world, to harvest the blood of the creatures they planted here long ago, in the age before recorded history. Those creatures began as simple-minded apes, but have now evolved into a society.

They'll be expecting no resistance. Let's be sure to give them one hell of a fight!

(As told by the crazy guy on the street corner with tin foil on his head) 




 Does anyone know of any web shows, preferably on youtube, where the focus is improvisation, that uploads content on a regular basis? 




 Before time itself existed, in the great cosmic sea, there was one lonely Oyster. That oyster opened it's mouth to reveal a shining pearl. That pearl was the first star.

(feel free to build on this story and I'll build with you) 




 Hell, I'll give it a whirl :) 




 The Cat in the Hat slid his spiny penis into her tender pussy.

He raked the walls of her vagina and it hurt... it hurt so much... but that's how she liked it... When the Cat neared climax, he asked her, in a soft, panting, purring voice:

"Where would you like me to cum? ...I could cum on your tit, I could cum on your clit.... I could cum in your hair, or I could cum over there.... I could cum on your face, hell, I could cum *any* place!" 




 A+

TenouttaTen Stars! :D 




 Alright! Time for the daily, 8-hour buttfuckin' 




 Can you guess Rover's favorite brand of whiskey? 




 America uses NAPALM!  It's Super Effective!

The Viet Cong now take Burn Damage every turn 




 Dovahkiin, you will be the new spokesperson for our Spearmint Gum... Now... How powerfully fresh is your breath?

**Fus Ro DAH!** 









 NO! I'M TOO OLD TO DIE! 




 Just a small town girl.... living in a lonely world..


(It's clearly a song performed by a narrator) 




 Howard the Duck 2 




 I'd bet someone $44 that I could knock over a Mountain Lion.

With the lion and the fire truck out of sight until he agrees, then I'd get in the truck and spray the fuck outta that lion. Once I've doubled my cash, I'd leave the lion to put the guy out of his misery, because he makes bad investments 




 I would love to hear Kurt Cobain sing the song "Click Click Boom" 




 3.14

....I'm hungry now 




 Sounds like the weirdest question on a Math Test ever 




 Jake and Maggie Gyllenhall.

(inbreeding has some seriously negative effects) 




 I get what you're trying to say, but a remix is just something that uses the actual work but adds or changes it a little. For a parody, you would have to reproduce the music (thus, the imitation) AND change the lyrics. Neither that nor a parody are abstract concepts, they're pretty clear.

But remixes can be protected under fair use as well, as long as they meet certain government standards, unfortunately, one of the requirements is that it can't be done for profit without permission 




 No they cannot! That is the goddamn point! You can't sing small portions OR large portions! I'm not spamming, people like you just keep refusing to do any research! Fair use is clearly defined by law and that is not someone's opinion!

If you need different links, I can provide you with some, none of which you can't find yourself on google, but I assure you that they will all say the same thing. Here's one that debunks that weird '30 second rule' that people throw around. (one you probably believe, which is why you seem so adamant on your factually disproven position)

http://studentpressblogs.org/nspa/the-non-existent-30-second-rule/ 




 No, then they are **commenting** on the other target. Parody just means a piece of writing, music, etc., that imitates the style of someone or something else in an amusing way.

If they were 'parodies of the other target' then they would be imitating THAT target. Parody doesn't mean 'make fun of' even though it is usually a requirement to achieve effect.

I can reproduce the music and melody but change the words to, for example, "I'm Coming Undone" by Korn to "I'm cumming on Jon" and it would be considered a parody, even though I'm not commenting on the song itself. 

Not every parody has to be a Bart Baker video where you literally just trash the artist for the duration of their song 




 Why do you think they are protected legally? 

They aren't 'false claims.'

They performed songs on record without the rights. You can't do that, they can't do that, random people on youtube can't do that.

It is called INFRINGING! It is illegal and it puts their business in jeopardy!  

Take a moment to actually READ this, and I suggest you do the same for other topics before posting and perpetuating a misconception:

http://www.songrights.com/infringe.htm 




 For the same reason there are movies and other copyrighted works on youtube. Youtube can't police everything all the time when hours of content are uploaded every minute.

Just because people do it doesn't mean it's legal 




 In case you see this, Suzy:

We love you!

 




 Even if the videos aren't monetized, it's still illegal to perform a song without the rights 




 No. It's a legal thing. Maker is trying to cover the Grumps' seven asses against copyright infringement claims.


http://www.songrights.com/infringe.htm 




 Parodies don't have to be focused on the original work. It's perfectly okay to make fun of another target. 

Weird Al for example, I can't think of an instance other than that Nirvana song where his work commented on the original 




 It should end with a T-Shirt Commerical.

The shirt being advertised says "Gone Grumps" 




 True, the parody solution is the only viable one they have, even if they just change the last line. (They could re-upload those episodes with the singing parts edited to parody songs, or just censor them out)

I even posted this suggestion a few weeks back and a few morons decided to comment about how evil Maker is for taking the videos down (despite just protecting the channel by doing so) and that anyone can sing covers, yadayada. I deleted it because I didn't feel like debating with a bunch of stupid fucks. (Hardly a debate if it's fact vs opinion) I feel like too often on the subs I have to correct misconceptions a lot of people have over the business side of entertainment.

But man, everything I hear about Australia makes it sound so much better than America 




 People who hate Suzy and people who don't know how a business functions seem to be so adamant about this.

Everyone else either doesn't care or silently disagrees with the creepy fucks (and trust me, that 'everyone else' is exponentially higher than the vocal minority) 




 and hopefully the Grumps will unlock him and he'll be a special guest soon (and periodically in the future) 




 A couple of creepy fucks did a creepy fuck thing to try to prove that Suzy is Super-Hitler or something.

Over something that doesn't even involve Game Grumps.

Seriously, this fanbase... wow... 




 There is an actual legal problem, it's that singing songs you don't have the rights to is copyright infringement.

http://www.songrights.com/infringe.htm

A lot of people here have a misconception about this, thinking it's something covered under fair use, but that would only work if Game Grumps was a review show (and reviewing the song in question)

While youtube's automated "third-party content" detector does suck, they can repeal false claims. But if they get flagged with proof that they infringed on someone's song sitting right square in the middle of the video, it won't go over well for them.

I know it seems unfair and I know you see it everywhere on youtube, but it is illegal to perform cover songs without permission. (And, you'd be surprised to see how many covers have been flagged and now all the ad revenue goes toward the copyright holder) 




 no you cannot

http://www.songrights.com/infringe.htm

edit: Lol, I got downvoted for posting a fact. God, this sub is stupid 




 You can't sing songs for 10 seconds, 5 seconds, not even 2 seconds (if you can even fit it in that short of a time)

It's copyright infringement and that has the potential to get them flagged, which puts their business in jeopardy.

Just because you see people on youtube doing cover songs does NOT mean it's legal. You also see people post clips of movies they don't own. 

http://diymusician.cdbaby.com/2012/03/on-posting-cover-songs-on-youtube-music-licensing-law-explained/

edit: Lol, I got downvoted everywhere that I posted facts. God, this sub is stupid 




 Why would he leave Game Grumps over something that doesn't involve Game Grumps? 




 Weird? That's probably the creepiest thing I've ever seen a fan do 




 So how much is this gonna cost me? 




 I got pulled over for using the carpool lane... I figured since I was riding piggyback it counted as two people 




 Are you guys still serving the McRib? How long until you start serving that again? I can wait 









 Guys! I found a site on the internet devoted ENTIRELY to beautiful naked women having sex! They call it 'porn!'  

I think you'd like it if you gave it a chance 




 "So, what do you say you and I join the mile high club?"

"Excuse me, but, aren't you supposed to be flying the plane?
 









 I started with a blank slate, son!

Literally, my bottom was a slate 




 I'll grow an ass for every mention 




 it wasn't the fanbase. It was the subreddit. The subreddit is full of shitty people.

The existence of ventgrumps and conspiracygrumps is proof of that 




 Yeah, but what if Jon lives in another city? Like, all the way across the country?

Man, that'd suck wouldn't it? 




 Suzy is the greatest goose in the gaggle of Grumps 




 She wasn't referring to the fanbase, just the subreddit.

And was she wrong? 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRvmjS06yKE 




 MY DAD IS NINTENDO! 




 you're very welcome :)

now change your pants 




 THAT'LL BE DIVORCE NUMBER THREE FOR GRAMPA! 




 I think they can be funny, but they should be a once in a while kinda thing 




 Literally everything he's in, honestly...

I'd show him Wind Waker though, especially when they get to the old man in the first town

"THE ONE THAT PUNCHES SHARKS!!!"

That's what got me into the show 




 Place a stick of dynamite on the tower and light it 




 http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/307/189/6fe.jpg 




 Googling ideas related to your profession and how to perform it more efficiently 




 Welcome to Alcoholics Anonymous, today is our one year anniversary as a group 




 When I finish my beer, I get another one 




 Jennifer Lawrence nude 




 No, my kid hasn't implied at a past life.

She does however, have vivid memories of conquering the land of China and everyone calling her Genghis Khan.

But no, no past life experiences or anything 




 A bitch's hymen  




 Well, that depends...

Did the victim have it coming? 




 I.... I just can't get a 'job' 




 After a hundred or so more years of inflation 




 http://diymusician.cdbaby.com/2012/03/on-posting-cover-songs-on-youtube-music-licensing-law-explained/


Literally everything you said is inaccurate, except for saying that Game Grumps makes money from their videos. (not your fault though, people perpetuate these myths so much that it becomes one of those things accepted as "common knowledge" even though it's completely wrong) 




 You don't need to "see evidence" to understand how a multichannel network functions.

Maker has access to the channel, that doesn't mean they control it.

Multi-Channel Networks (MCNs) are entities that affiliate with multiple YouTube channels, often to offer assistance in areas such as product, programming, funding, cross-promotion, partner management, digital rights management, monetization/sales, and/or audience development"

They pulled the videos because those videos were infringing on copyright. If all of those videos got flagged at the same time, and Youtube accepted the claims, the channel would be shut down immediately, considering that it only takes three strikes.

Maker was not acting maliciously, they were protecting the Grumps, even if the Grumps think they should be able to sing random songs.

They still can sing songs as long as they change the words and make fun of them, therefore classifying it as a parody. They'll soon realize that and I'm sure they'll go back an re-edit those videos to include parody versions of the songs they are singing (or at least censor those parts) 




 Cover songs are NOT covered under fair use!

People HAVE been flagged for this before, it's just extremely rare because most record companies don't care about people just singing a song. (but why risk your business over this? Just don't sing songs)

But yes, it is copyright infringement, regardless if it's considered a cover.

http://www.songrights.com/infringe.htm 




 That doesn't make them in control of the Grumps. It just means they have access to the channel in case of situations like these 




 I just shat after an hour or two of constipation.

It was like the weight of the world being lifted off my shoulders

Or, more realistically, out of my anus 




 Best thing I've ever read on Conspiracy Grumps 




 That's the most common myth people believe, but the truth is, it's infringement regardless of the amount of time.


If you are doing a video that falls under fair use (a review, a critique) then using 30 seconds is protected. Game Grumps is not a review show.

And they would also have to PROVE fair use, it's not automatically assumed.  




 Ah, the classic "I say something therefore it is true and I will reiterate it as often as possible" technique. 
Like I've never seen that technique from a marijuana user.

Marijuana is not healthy. There is no reason it should be illegal, but it is definitely not healthy. It's not terrible, but neither is it healthy.

And science disagrees with what you say science says about weed:
www.webmd.com/mental-health/addiction/marijuana-use-and-its-effects
 




 It wouldn't be via Maker, it would be between themselves (Maker does not control any of the channels that sign with it. Multichannel Networks function like talent agents.) And an NDA wouldn't prevent them from talking about Jon, just behind the scenes details.

Arin explained why they didn't talk about Jon, WAAAAAY long ago and there is nothing sinister behind it:

http://www.reddit.com/r/gamegrumps/comments/1j21po/thank_you_all/cbae3uj 

Once all that emotion died down it was okay to talk about him again 




 lol, no. It's not Maker's rules, Maker doesn't own Grumps. It's a simple business decision, don't do anything that might get your video flagged for copyright infringement.

And no, it isn't covered under fair use. You cannot sing or play a song that you do not have the rights to in a video that you are monetizing. Plain and simple.

Arin is smart enough to know that it's best not to risk getting his channel taken down over something as dumb as singing some song. 

Though, as long as they parody the song, changing the words/making fun of it, then they have free reign.


EDIT: Lol, why the hell was this downvoted? Because people "disagree?" I'm sorry folks, but that's the sad truth. That doesn't mean you downvote something. Do a small amount of research on copyright infringement, fair use, and the way MCN's function. 




 lol, okay 




 lol "unfortunately" 




 Any Dan moment at all  




 Danny Sexbang is a character played by Arin Hanson

people forget how good a voice actor he can be 




 What is a... eeeeeh...... Gay Chumps?

Is that the show you make the dick jokes on? 




 Grand Master Sexbang 




 He was referring to Arin's dad 
























 Pretty dull party.... who died? 




 Ladies and Gentlemen, we need to immediately evacuate the pool. You may continue to swim if you have no fear of piranhas. 




 Well, I'm not black. I'm back 




 You're back too?  




 Hmm... to share on Facebook or not to share on Facebook.... 




 Fuckin dirty back people... 




 Hey! I'm Back and I find this offensive! 




 How ironic: Arranges the vegetables in a sexually suggestive way, so in return he *"Gets the Sack"* 




 it's just Dan's search history. he accidentally typed it into twitter instead of google 




 I don't remember anything from the first one. Except that you fight Cloud in Hercules's world.

I'd much rather watch Kingdom Grumps 2 




 I just realized how long the cutscenes are combined... maybe that's why they haven't played it yet 




 People downvote factually accurate information on this sub quite often. I don't know why 




 10/10 




 Man, I wonder if he's ever shit himself and subsequently delayed a video for a decade 




 I didn't know about it until Arin said it. And this was one of my favorite games growing up 




 No, they'd just get the video removed or more likely, claim all of the revenue on the video. I think they'd only sue if the person kept re-uploading the video, fully aware of his/her copyright infringement.

But they'd have to send a cease-and-desist before they brought the person to court 




 It's possible that they were singing songs owned by Universal Music Publishing, which Maker signed a deal with them that allows their partners to use their library of music.

It's also possible that Maker just didn't see those videos where they were singing those songs 




 I don't know why they haven't yet. They're such big Disney fans, Arin has an awesome Keyblade as decoration, and the game is phenomenal!  




 We need to start a petition 




 Maybe for an hour-hour and a half one-off. I really loved the Endless Ocean videos, but those work well the way they did. I wouldn't want to see it as a series because it would last for the rest of my life (damn, imagine how much longer it'd be if they played as a stealthy character in Skyrim) 




 They need to play Pokemon Snap. It'd be a nice, short, but funny series. Lots of laughs to be had with throwing the apples and poison balls as Dan describes the horrific animal abuse Arin is inflicting upon these creatures 




 Well, this is a *fine pickle!* 




 I can make it. You just kinda flap your tongue between your lips really fast while breathing in slowly

Edit: I guess my statement required some downvotes for some reason 




 It tastes pretty good, actually 




 Mad Dog 20/20 




 Yes, in the contract, they do ask for access to your password (they kinda need it to view the ad revenue so they can determine their share of the profits.)

Something like this makes sense. Put a video on private so that no claims can be made against it until the Grumps resolve the issue by either censoring the singing or changing it to a parody of the original song.

Here's something I feel everyone who doesn't understand what a MCN like Maker is or does should read: (it covers all the basics)

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multi-channel_network 




 To protect the Grumps from legal action from the songs' owners.  Plain and simple. They may have had an insider tip that some people in the industry were litigiously searching for copyright infringements on youtube.

All it takes is three strikes and your channel is shut down permanently. Game Grumps has more than three videos that could be flagged for copyright infringement. And Youtube treats you as guilty until proven innocent.

Exchange of advice for money was *just an example* of the services that MCNs provide. For Game Grumps specifically, they find better brand deals and targeted advertising toward the demographic their audience is categorized as 




 You can't "display an entire work" if the work is interactive. One person's experience playing a game will be different than another's. Again, watching a video of gameplay is not the same as playing a game. 

The LP video is a separate product entirely.

Fair use is a defense for when someone is taken to court over an issue such as this. (Civil laws are also upheld in court, in case you didn't know)

Two of the things a court would use to determine if Fair Use applies are:
the nature of the copyrighted work (In LP cases: a platform for the real product, *Commentary* to be provided)
the effect of the use upon the potential market for or value of the copyright work. (This varies based on the game's quality, but it at least represents an honest portrayal, as opposed to game trailers or reviews)

Last, but certainly most important, **there is no absolute rules as to how much of a copyrighted work may be copied and still be considered a fair use.**  http://itlaw.wikia.com/wiki/Fair_use

 




 I didn't say they were parodying the game, they are providing commentary. Fair use protects parody AND commentary, two different things entirely. Distributing a video of them playing a game, with commentary, doesn't infringe copyright, because the game is not meant to be observed, but interacted with.

The legality of these videos hasn't been established because nobody's ever questioned it, but one day when someone brings a LPer to court (likely Nintendo) it will (hopefully) rule in this industry's favor, because they are not releasing the same product as the game company. Watching gameplay and playing a game are not the same thing.


My point is, it's in a grey area now, legally, but as long as it is a grey area, Nintendo is not entitled to that revenue. 




 I meant from a legal standpoint. If it's youtube we're talking, the biggest enemy is their policy of "you're guilty until proven innocent. And we won't listen to you when you try to prove your innocence" 




 The first one with Jon 




 Nintendo's been the biggest enemy since Let's Plays became a thing.

Truth is, Nintendo isn't entitled to the revenue because the players are providing commentary, which is the purpose of watching them.

This is considered a "transformative" use and is protected by copyright law.

I think the Grumps will just ignore Nintendo's greedy behaviors and play whatever they want 




 True, but usually deals like this would specify when they'd expire, if they do 




 lol, yes, i was being silly 




 Maker studios has signed a deal for their partners to be able to monetize and cover for the full library of music that is registered under Universal Music Publishing. http://www.billboard.com/biz/articles/news/1538590/universal-music-publishing-inks-deals-with-fullscreen-maker-studios 




 Okay, Mr. President, the floor is yours 




 No! Fuck this job! I don't need to answer phones all day for *your* ass! I QUIT! 




 Would you like the "All-You-Can-Eat-Teeth" special? 




 Oh look, a locked bathroom door when my parents are gone for the weekend...  

[Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z4G0bYxuv7M) 




 just think.... several times a year they'll just keep changing it to something even shittier 




 **I'll start it off:**

"I'm having a waking nightmare,

I'm seeing colors in the sky...

Everybody wants to know about me,

but they don't know about my........

big ol' penis, flopping around,

it's three big feet of pleasure.

Put it in your mouth and put it in your vagine...

Everyone's having a real good time,

when they're hanging around my big floppy penis.

Can't quite stroke it really fast.

Covering three feet of skin with your hand isn't really easy.

Here's how fast I can jack my whole dick,

"Hah, ah, ah, ah, aaahhh."

That includes the back and forth motion,

let's do it again, "Ah aahhh."

"Ah ah ah ah ah ah aaahhhh..."

That's how fast I can jack my peen.

Everybody thinks that they have seen my penis,

but they haven't,

'cuz if they have...

they'd shit themselves.  




 Maker does not own his content, so his partnership with them is irrelevant. Youtube is an international platform and they also do not own his content. 

Okay, I guess I didn't realize (or care) where he lives, but it seems he currently lives in England.

A quick search of England's definition of Fair Use seems to indicate that their copyright laws are nearly identical to America's.

BUT, I just found a neat little thing during my quick research:

Maker studios has signed a deal (as has Fullscreen) for their partners to be able to monetize and cover for the full library of music that is registered under Universal Music Publishing. http://www.billboard.com/biz/articles/news/1538590/universal-music-publishing-inks-deals-with-fullscreen-maker-studios

That's a pretty big conglomerate and is likely where he's getting this music from (I don't know though, I've only seen a video or two of his, and immediately had to click away before I destroyed my laptop) 




 I didn't miss it, I just felt like rectifying it. Too many people seem to think hearsay = fact 




 pretty loose with the word "confirmed" aren't you? 




 Sweden doesn't recognize all of the U.S's copyright laws.

There is also no broad statutory limitation of fair use or fair dealing in Sweden, so he's far more protected in this area than anyone from America, where you literally can't even sing a song without the rights to do so, or a mechanical license and royalty payments. 




 Not fact. Straight up myth

Edit: I already received a downvote for being factually accurate, so lemme post this here:

Fair use is a defense one can use if taken to court for using a copyrighted work without permission. 

In its most general sense, a fair use is any copying of copyrighted material done for a limited (less than 30 seconds) and transformative purpose, such as to comment upon, criticize, or parody a copyrighted work. Such uses can be done without permission from the copyright owner.

Game Grumps singing random songs (in most of their cases) even people on youtube singing cover songs are NOT covered by this. It's illegal because it is a violation of U.S copyright law 




 They weren't "assimilated" by them. Too many people fail to understand what a MCN is and what it does. This is what it boils down to; a channel signs with them and they find good brand deals, better CPM rates, advice for growing a fanbase, or production assistance in return for a very small cut of the channel's profits. The end.

Maker doesn't own them, therefore they couldn't have 'assimilated' them. They're still an independent channel. MCNs function like a talent agency.

As for whether they started out **partnering** with Maker, that depends on whether or not Egoraptor and Jon were partnered with them before starting the channel 




 You may now *kiss the bride*  (under his breath) ......ya filthy animal.... 




 lol, that was really funny! 




 10 outta 10 would watch.

2 outta 10 might enjoy

:) 









 Will Jacques and Arin ever finish off the creators of Sonic 06? 




 man, people will complain about anything 




 I want you to know that I watched the whole video and didn't learn ONE DAMN THING! :) 




 Well, Arin originally conceived of the show as a podcast.

I'm curious as to what the format of it was before they decided to include gameplay 




 Maybe he's just working on something that just hasn't come out yet.

Like more Table Flip or editing Guild Grumps. Or maybe business-y shit. Or some secret, unrevealed projects. 




 you are correct. He's also in others.

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=idiots+always+ask

I also can't count on my hands how many times I've seen this video posted on the subreddit 




 Because the point of the show is to talk and make jokes. They're performing, and that's a completely different mindset than just carrying a conversation 




 Time to dress up like a rabbit and go hide some eggs! I hope being dead for three days didn't affect my brain cells 




 the wit is strong with this one :) 




 He's had several jobs, but the one he quit after Starbomb sold a lot of copies was at Maker Studios, which he's been pretty private about.  




 he used the word 'tutelage.' They can't comprehend his classiness 




 damn! you beat me to my comment! 




 So he shoots web from his anus, and he bites his enemies to knock em unconscious and he eats em while they're still alive.... we think Tobey Macguire should play this Man-Spider character. 




 Coming THIS summer... Remember that thing from the 80's that was really popular with kids because kids are stupid and they grow up remembering it as a masterpiece?

**THAT!** Rated PG-13 




 Today we learned that Blue used to be on the police force as a drug sniffing dog! They had to let him go when he got addicted to all the cocaine he snuffed out... but there was NO ONE better at finding it! 




 I can't believe you cheated on me! You USED me! I'm gonna go fucking CUT that bitch! 




 "Man, yawning sure is contagious... I bet if we both yawn at the same time, we can get this whole group to yawn..............." 




 You may be asking yourself.... did he fire six Nerf bullets? Or five? Well, this my friend, is from Hasbro... the most powerful Nerf gun in the neighborhood... so you gotta ask yourself one question... do you feel lucky, buttface? 









 Ba da.... ba........ ba BA....... I'm........ Loving it! 




 Now imagine a world where Bing had the monopoly on search engines.

How weird would it be to say "I need information... lemme Bing that."

or "I Binged myself the other day.... Apparently there's a gay pornstar with the same name as me.... he's actually quite talented" 




 Last week I pooped and it didn't need wiping at all... thinking back, I'm wondering if I was just not paying attention, pulled up my pants, and walked around with a poopy ass all day.... I wonder if my co-workers smelled it on me.... 




 You mean I'm not special, Daddy? 




 I was gonna make a comment, wondering why a company named itself pizza hut, but hell, if they invented it, it's a fair name 




 It would be patented, trademarked, and only sold by the shittiest company out there... probably pizza hut 




 Pretty fucked, considering there are people in this world that have super-powers and I'm not one of em! 




 "Man, I just wanna cum on that dude's cock and make another dude suck the cum off of his cock while jerking off into a pudding cup.... then I'll give the pudding to my grampa and call him a cum-swallowing faggot"

...pretty vulgar, eh? 




 Warning: Mature Content.

I've been looking to create more improvised content on my youtube channel. I've always ad-libbed here and there in my videos, but this is our first attempt at just straight improvising something from beginning to end and I'm actually quite proud of it, and wanted to share it with fellow improv aficionados.

I need to get my improvisation chops up because I'm conceptualizing a daily improv show/webseries 




 Why not a monthly Toon Grumps on Grumpout or Arin/Ross's channel? 




 What if they cancelled Game Grumps on April 1st purely by coincidence?

"Oh, Ross, I didn't even realize it was April Fool's Day... they all think we're joking..." 









 lol, the end of your comment had my sides hurtin a bit :D XD 




 There are so many explanations out there, but the gist of it is, it's impossible to put out content on a consistent basis. Therefore, the CPM rates are low (cost of an ad every time it reaches 1,000 people) and when your paycheck is low when you're already only putting out a video every few months, that's impossible to live on.  




 Astronaut suits 




 Yeah. It looks more artistic and significant with polygonal graphics.

God, I miss the polygon era. Everyone's nostalgic about 16-bit graphics, I'm nostalgic about N64/PS1 graphics 




 wouldn't it be wiser to include a link if you're going to promote your channel? 




 They missed ALL of the levels I was really looking forward to 




 Covering songs without paying for the rights is copyright infringement. That's why its an issue 




 That recent Endless Ocean 2 one-off was phenomenal 




 why does every rap battle on youtube have to steal the format of ERB?

And why are they so quiet? It's like they were recording the lyrics, but didn't want their mom to hear them. Not to mention that they don't enunciate a lot of those words, and rap in mumbles. Did they think it was okay to not be understandable as long as they include subtitles?

I'm not usually critical, but my god, that was horrible 




 10/10 Would Bang 




 Who is Adan? 
























 Shit, someone stole my profile pic 




 gotta get there before the hair 




 He's really laid-back and charismatic. But primarily, he's just damn funny and has been since he was Knighted as Not So Grump 




 Yes. Yes he is 




 People don't have to be bound by something they said in the past. He could change his mind at any time. But yes, it would be great to see him on Grumpcade.

Maybe he and Dan will debut on Grumpcade with the same episode 




 Ne'er a truer word spoken! 




 Do you have Soundbooth? If you do, use the preset "Reduce Peaks" apply it, then use the preset "Everything The Same Level" and apply that.

The Grumps use something along those lines with their own preset in their audio program.  




 Coming this summer: "Anne Frank" starring Miley Cyrus! 




 thats the one! 




 lol, I believe there's a song on youtube about that 




 r/askreddit is the most curious little boy I've ever met! 




 There's r/funny being obnoxious again... god, someone needs to change his name... 




 my worst nightmare.... 




 Four Score and Seven Beers Ago, I realized I am lonely... I need someone to accompany me to the theater tonight. 




 (Executive) You can't use that scene idea for a SpecSaver ad! Put that idea in the rejected pile! 




 you already had me shaking it at "ice cold" 




 Cool harp! Do you know how to play "Iron Man?" 




 I like Arin the most. He's the funniest and he's clearly a caring and generous guy, considering he built this business using his popularity to give his friends employment, and to help them get their own popularity (I highly doubt Jontron or NSP would be doing well without their involvement with Egoraptor)

I think his comedy is better suited for what he's doing now, a twice a day, ten-minute show where he just improvises, making jokes about video-games, instead of his animations: an occasional 30-second to 1-minute short where he improvises, making jokes about video-games. I don't see all the hype about missing his animations. He's making the exact same jokes on Grumps he'd be making with his animations, he just doesn't have to take months to *animate* the jokes. And let's be honest, he's not exactly a good artist. Decent enough to make animations, but not good.

*Having that said*, I can't stand his opinions on most issues, and I think he has very bad analytical skills regarding video-games and movies. I also can't stand his whining (but I hate whining from anyone, even Dan and Jon.... but Arin does it the most)

And I think he handled the Jon fiasco the right way. If there was a bad-guy in the breakup, I'd think Jon was probably it. 




 But that perception is delusional. It was an official business when Jon was there.

It's impossible to be successful on Youtube unless you run it like a business. It is a job, after all, and Game Grumps was a business from day one 




 with a Kitchen Knife 




 Oh shit, have I been weeding out friends on facebook the wrong way? 




 Never knew there was a thing called Maker TV 




 I thought Disneyland moved to New York 




 Are Arin and DisneyLand still friends? 




 That was pretty damn clever! :D 




 But dude, there weren't even any jelly beans in that level 




 Thank you all for throwing this WONDERFUL baby shower!  The baby's dead, ANYWAY, who wants cake? 




 Dude, don't go that way. There's a big mine fiel-- (**BOOM**) 




 This summer! Adam Sandler and Andy Samberg star in... "The Host And The Parasite!"

Rated PG-13 




 You have money right? Yeah, you can afford liposuction 




 But they made chemotherapy sound so fun! 




 I feel like this scene prompt gets posted in some iteration almost on a weekly basis 




 Welcome back to the second season of Firefly! Which takes place in space, but the space part DOESN'T matter! 




 How many times have I told you... you put the cereal in **BEFORE** THE MILK!!! 




 I think you would feel that same emotional attachment to another form of entertainment that brings you joy, if you stopped watching Game Grumps. 




 I don't know why everyone thinks he's so bad at games. I mean, he did grab *ALL 30 JELLY BEANS* every single time! 




 I usually don't care, but there's only so many jokes Danny can make at the expense of Arin's failure before it gets boring. A whole episode of fuck-ups is fine, but not if it's the exact same fuck-up over and over again. Go to a different level and fuck-up there.

Plus, it's just super fucking annoying to hear Arin complain about a video-game. Ever. 




 Yeah, that works. Looked up a quick video 




 Ah. Makes sense 




 really? I have to try this real quick (*fuck* looking it up)


edit: It doesn't work 




 Eh, whatever happens 




 Umm... are you stupid or a troll? 




 Katy Perry's boobs 




 askreddit 




 Peeing on the homeless 




 The more you argue with an idiot on the internet, the stupider and more stubborn you make them 




 Darth 




 E-mail 




 That's what she said 




 Avocado Cadabra 




 Lara Croft. Besides the obvious sexual reasons, she also has a job that would bring home a good amount of money, and she'd be able to protect the house pretty damn well. I'd basically let her wear the pants of the relationship, which I'd be okay with because of those sweet, pointy ta-tas 




 Mostly being scared 




 I dunno... GOD, I hate questions like this! It just ruins my day! Jesus! Grrr! 




 Damn, Candice, I can see where you got that sweet ass..... your dad in those jeans is drivin' me wild! 




 You expect me to believe that? ...... are you THAT afraid of an ass-whoopin? 




 Ew! You sick perv! That's your great great great(x1000) grandmother! 




 lol, I think that was on Family Guy 




 Well, shucks! I've now been halfway turned into the last animal I touched! This is quite a predicament! 




 Story, Mario's hair color, A box that is without a beat, Ross's face, Food, Good Games 




 lol, I think each and every sin should end with "unless you want to" 




 You should put a parenthetical next to Ross like this:

Ross (Sometimes?) 




 They mostly play older Nintendo games that are basically an abandoned market. The primary reason is, Nintendo hasn't found the Grump videos or cared enough to flag them.

Plus, Maker Studios has a better understanding of the ins-and-outs of the legal issues presented here. I think they'd be confident enough to defend the Grumps in court if Nintendo tried to claim the revenue. 




 Send something to their twitters 




 I am Ganondorf! King of all Evil in the Land of Hyrule! I demand to know what's in the soup of the day! 




 What'd he do? Rape a bitch? Alright, feed him to the sharks. NEXT!

What'd she do?  Cheated on her taxes?  Alright, feed her to the sharks. NEXT!
 




 You better have my money by Thursday, you got it? If it aint in my hands by then, I'm gonna hook you up with a nice job with medical benefits that pays 35 dollars an hour so you can pay off your debt!

....trust me... you don't want it to go that far.. 




 I brought you a little something that'll warm your house.... it's a *fire!* 




 Robin! Quick! To the Batmobile! Mr. Slippy Fist is getting away! 




 I've noticed it. I kinda have that same behavior when my best friends talk about hanging out with other people 




 It was probably planned for it to be once Danny had a series longer than Sonic 06.

They probably only picked FireRed back up so that they wouldn't have to wait as long to reach that point. 




 Nice to see a fan that understands that the channel is more than just a show where people talk around video-games. It's a legitimate business that produces a product in an industry where you walk a fine line between being profitable and being bankrupt, entirely depending on how your audience perceives you.

You also have a fantastic grasp on the New Media industry.

Most people (especially on this sub) don't understand the decisions that Arin made about mentioning Jon and they think that: Jon disagreeing with Arin's decisions = Arin lied.

I think they handled the situation perfectly, and I think they let the right amount of time pass to cement the new era of Game Grumps in, so that they could discuss the old era without the potential to damage the show. 




 Happy Birthday..... Mr. President...... (seductive dancing) 




 Damn it! Nothing but white kids again... 




 Who wants Jack Daniels?  




 I liked Jon's part, lol. Like he was in exile. 




 We need Nostalgia Critic and Egoraptor playing a Simpsons game 




 Eh, Bloodborne's been pretty boring so far... but I wouldn't say it matters if it's Modern or not. They should just play what they feel like playing. 

I kinda prefer them fucking up a lot though. It reminds me that I'm not watching this show for the games 




 everybody do.... **The Barry Bump!**  (beatboxing begins) 




 If they turned off the music settings, sure.

It's an amazing game, too, I'd love to see them play it as it'd spark a lot of heavy metal music discussions. 




 Some of the things Arin has said about motivation, hard work, and etc. 




 Yes 




 I saved this country 2 billion dollars in debt by switching to Geico! 




 And the rockets red glaaare!  




 yeah, there's a demo somewhere.

it wasn't good 




 It's an actual project, not just a Let's Play. It takes time to produce, and they don't have a big post-production team. There's a lot of editing that needs to be done, which will be more complicated because they'll have to make sure it's coherent and actually tells a story (even if it is a Reality-Show-esque story) There seems to be a lot of live-action elements to it, and that's a lot harder to edit than game footage. There's a lot more to editing a real project than just putting clips in the correct order. Once the raw edit is done, it is immediately followed by Sound Mixing, Music, Color Correction, etc.  Each of which are difficult and time-consuming on their own.

They also have to balance this project with the other projects they're working on (some of which they probably haven't told the fans about yet) 




 Hey, Cyclops.... *Staring Contest?* 




 SERIOUSLY, JESUS!? Heroin!? In MY house!?  I knew being a hippie for 30 years would lead to this! 




 "Well, Mr. Johnson, you're hired! I think you're the best person for this position!" 

(Must....resist....) 




 pure evil! 

I'll take seven 




 You're my new hero 




 The fact that it's not even clever makes it instantly clever 




 funny shit 




 (Scrolls to the bottom)

"We know you didn't read that.... Agree anyway?" 
























 "Fantastic at compiling fake job histories and references" 




 Someone posts the same question every other day it seems 




 Yes people can. Would you like to be bound by something you said 2-3 years ago? 




 Polaris would have nothing to do with it, but yeah, they made it into a makeshift studio. Mark hangs out there a lot.

 




 No, none of that should take 20 minutes. And that's not even real editing, that's just overlaying text, and if that takes you 20 minutes, then you might want to consider a different field. Plus, if you use the same font and color every video (like the Grumps do) then you would have it saved as a preset, reducing a 2 minute job to 2 seconds. Keyframing text to fly in does not take a lot of time, though it would vary, it shouldn't take longer than a minute (and consider that it happens once per episode ON OCCASION) 

With the format of editing Kevin is given, using primarily presets and an assembly-line style of churning out episodes, there is no reason he should have messed up any of the times people have counted (other than laziness) The only time he's even responded to people's criticisms is when it legitimately wasn't his fault (an episode being six minutes long) 




 just because "it's the internet" and it's what people have come to expect, doesn't mean it should be that way and that nobody should focus on improving it 




 If they brought in someone that was funny, I think it'd be better.

Plus, it's only Ross that's played with them, so you haven't seen them play off of anyone else 




 Remove the last one, then replace Kevin with Holly and I'd watch it 




 That would be the best series imaginable! This was one of my favorite PS2-era games, I forgot it existed, I'm gonna go look up and see if I can buy it somewhere! Thank you!

(And like everyone else saying this: It would HAVE to include Dan, so either him on Grumpcade or a series on GG) 




 I'm sure VentGrumps has a good list going. Mostly from what I've seen, people say "Kevin edit this in" and he doesn't 




 Every edit that he's missed or messed up on takes about a minute or two to complete.

Source: I'm an editor 




 oh yeah, I forgot about that.... this might suck then 




 I get it! :) 




 He's just a watered down Pewdiepie to me. Neither of them are funny in any way 




 Well, it's already been debunked quite a few times. Didn't even think it was still a fad. I'm amazed he's on it, considering that he seems to think of himself as educated 




 Or he could just be at their office again.

God, I hope this guy is never on GG 




 I don't think working on something with the Grumps and this project are mutually exclusive. It's not too distracting of a task to stop into the Grump office for two hours to be a guest on their show 




 he's not forced to do anything by a Multichannel Network, they'll just recommend certain collaborations and deals to him, likely providing him incentive to meet their requests.

He probably just hates Los Angeles, most people do, honestly.


But I agree with you, the Polaris collaborations are so pointless. Most people don't know the majority of their partners and most of them are kinda the same youtube channel, producing the same content under a different name. But I'm willing to bet this isn't a Polaris project, but a JonTron project that he requested Polaris's help in scheduling/contacting these other youtubers 




 look, dude, I understand it's just a joke, but I can't suspend my disbelief entirely!

**At his job?** Seriously? Jokes have to have SOME sort of basis in reality here 




 Dude, you gotta follow through with the setting and details: For example:

"In prison." 




 Hopefully this raises awareness enough for people to not put their fucking change collection in an unprotected container in a bathroom! 




 Only funny if it's not a parent or a relative. Just some guy 




 fire 




 probably some kind of "look at this neat trick I can do" video 




 That's some funny goat-related humor! :D 




 Everybody shut up! This post has given me an erection! 




 I think it'd be more likely that he ditches it for his two bands and other projects full time, along with moving to Cali. But perhaps there's also an available physicist job out there? 




 Lol, I had a webseries in mind that was a parody of Dungeons Dragons type stuff that would use this joke.

This is the only sub where I figured I wouldn't get downvoted for using it 




 I created the joke. I always thought it'd be funny if some actual racist people in a fantasy setting referred to them as "Shadow People" 




 It's just a joke, dude 




 lol, "I left mah lyrics at home, nigga!" 




 They're like people, but their skin color is the color of a shadow 




 Kinda funny. Could've been a little clearer 




 Did they sink? 




 Shadow People 




 Argonians 




 I actually want to hear the full song 




 He's black. Blacks (aka, the Shadow People) stereotypically abandon their offspring (mostly just the males though) 




 E.T... phone Health Insurance Agency... 




 I'm not enjoying it. It has some funny moments here and there, but I hate when they talk about the games, which they're doing a lot of here (unless the game is interesting, which Bloodborne does not appear to be.) I was actually thinking about getting it, till they started playing it and I realized how boring and repetitive it seems

Edit: Don't forget to downvote if you disagree with me, cumfaggots :) 




 Other than Dave Chappelle and Ron White, I don't like a single one of those or a single joke I've heard from anyof them 




 Write a youtube comment demanding that he come back. 




 Ya know what bugs ME? Steel Panther is in it. God, they suck 




 Then name me some funnier ones 

(This is not confrontational, I'd actually like to discover some if you happen to name any I haven't heard) 




 lol, that story is what sold me on Jim Jefferies. i saw bits and pieces of his anti-religion stuff, but when I listened to the album that one was on, I realized he can be funny with any subject matter. His TV show is pretty good too 




 The funniest Stand-Up Comedian Alive Today 




 And a shapeshifter (He's actually Danny in his spare time) 




 Jon's getting a sex change operation  




 Beej 2: The *coming* of JonTron 




 As much as stoners like to THINK they are funny or interesting when they're high, they're not. I don't think a single one of them even smokes weed (excluding Danny, who used to) and despite Stout Train existing, none of those episodes were good at all. (And I LOVE alcohol, so I thought it would be interesting, at least if they discussed it)

I wouldn't mind a Drunk Grumps with just Dan and Arin, especially if it's Arin's first time being drunk, but it would have to be a chill, non-obnoxious episode and not act all stupid-drunk like Barry and Ross did. Something more along the lines of Toon Grumps would be interesting. (I mean, they can play games, but be FAR less into whatever is on the screen)

But stoned? Sorry, but I'd skip over an episode of them just laughing uncontrollably for no reason and talking about how hungry they are. 




 That would be the most horrible edition of Game Grumps in its entire history 




 Yep, played it last week. It's aged beautifully and I don't think a single Mario game has topped it since 




 Anyone know when he'll be on Sleepy Cast? I'm more excited for THAT 




 I know, right!? How can they not know shit about the dude who invented **Salad!?** 




 incorrect statement 




 Complaining can get annoying can't it?

Maybe now you understand why we don't like his bullshit with this game (An insanely easy game to master) 




 FOR THE LOVE OF GOD DON'T STICK THAT THING IN MY ASSHOLE!!! PLEASE!! I'll sacrifice the lives of my children if you leave my anus intact! 




 Does this look RARE to you!?!? This steak should've been mooing a little when you set my plate down! 




 fuck, shoulda read the comments first. i posted the same thing 




 Et Tu, Brute? .....and vice versa? 




 This doesn't suck at all! 




 "Your performance in this position has been unsatisfactory and I'm afraid we'll have to let you go"


"Whatever! Come at me, SCRUB-LORD, I'm Ripped!" 




 The Second Endless Ocean is my personal favorite. They're both at the top of their comedic game in that one. That's the first episode of GG I've rewatched (haven't finished it yet though. Been meaning to start it where I left off) 




 lol, dude, Game Grumps doesn't have a parent company and you're reading WAAY too much into them going on vacation. Do you know how much Starbomb albums have sold? They can afford multiple vacations 




 2 is the only good one anyway. If he played the first one I can see why he hate it.

I'd like to see a Spyro game on Grumps. Danny seems to love dragons and shit like that, so that could stir up some passionate discussion 




 He should get one or two stars from each, then fight Bowser 




 My fellow Americans... this nation is------ **I'll be right back!** 




 "Well kids, sorry, but that's the seventh night in a row... you know what that means!"

"We have to eat the firstborn?"

"That's right... Cody, you get a 10-second head start. RUN!"



(Arin.... how do you **LIVE** with yourself!?!?) 




 If you watch Grumps for the gameplay, then something is seriously wrong with you.

However, it isn't entertaining if someone keeps making the same fuck-up over and over and over and over again and blames the game for it. Not because I'm watching the gameplay and I want to see progression, but because the conversation becomes stagnant, and it's just annoying to hear Arin ~~bitch about~~ er- "analyze" video-games.

Personally, I can't even stand when they talk about games at all, because for the most part, they aren't funny about it. But there were a few episodes recently where the fuck-ups actually were hilarious. Maybe they just need to learn to edit some moments out like that. If there are a bunch of fuck-ups that are funny, leave em in. If not, then just cut out that footage, and use the star selection screen as a point of transition, that way nobody knows anything was edited out

Just treat the show like a podcast that uses video-games to inspire discussion and it's entertaining. Otherwise, not so much. Arin and Danny are both super funny guys and I don't watch GG to see them beat games. It'd be better if they stopped playing them every time they weren't having fun 




 I can't stop laughing at this! :D 




 Ah, an illiteracy joke. Clever :) 









 Probably not that far from their real-life relationship 




 did this work? 




 Here's a copy of my resume... You'll find that I did some work for a little organization called "FoxNews..." so I have plenty of experience of instilling fear in the hearts and minds of Conservatives. I heard you have a lot of them down here. 




 And he's gonna find out... it's not easy being Satan's Toilet!

"Hey, Rob! Why do you always act like you're such hot shit!?"

"Ya know what they say.... You are what you eat!" 




 "I'm your Friendly Neighborhood Eight-Legged Arachnid Individual" 




 Can you believe we're in the EXACT room where Lee Harvey Oswald shot Kennedy!? How ROMANTIC! 




 "Fuck It! I'll Write It Live!"

(confused look) "But, we can't read it! There's no words there!" 




 perhaps in real life? But no, Pewdiepie isn't to thank for this 




 Gravity  (I want to fly) 




 Some random guy named Jim from the 1500s.

Just to see the look on his face and how he reacts.

"I have to do WHAT? Why ME!?" 




 Breathe and Speak 




 It transforms into cotton candy 




 Browsing Reddit 




 Doesn't have Bad Controls

Doesn't have Bad Camera

Doesn't lack level variety or design

"Same Boss Fight Every Time" is a recurring Staple of the Mario series 




 I think it's just that it can't be only Dan and Arin. Then it would be a Game Grumps serial 




 It's being edited. It's an actual project, not just a Let's Play. These things take time. Perhaps Barry is the editor and perhaps it got delayed because he felt overwhelmed by *real* editing work. Perhaps it's just a really huge/long project and they don't want to start uploading until it's all done.  

But Ross has answered posts like this multiple times with a resounding "yes, it is coming" 




 Literally the most plausible theory I've seen on the matter 




 and doing a bad impression of Jon 




 Little do we know, that comment at the bottom was by Chris himself 




 why are the characters drawn like talking penises? 




 Nice guys finish last 
























 "baseless" lol, you're funny...  




 it doesn't matter that the enemy looks different if it's the exact same process over and over again. Swing, take a step back, swing again 




 Yes? ......what do you mean "allergic reaction?" 




 Your comment:

    I Love You, Sweetheart

Has been removed.

Your Card must be given in the Scenes From a Hat format. (see sidebar)
 




 Forgive me Father for I have sinned... I masturbated to a picture of *you* 




 I can cum over here

I can cum over THERE!

I can cum on her feet

I can cum in her hair!



I can cum in her mouth or down south

On her blouse in the house, 

On her face in this place

In her eye, but it'd make her cry



Hell, I can cum **any** place!

I shall, I SHALL cum on her face! 




  den dey Itta Pupu

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=euXQbZDwV0w 




 I haven't been watching the video, just listening to the audio. There's been some nuggets of comedy gold in it, but yeah, the game is so repetitive.  




 swinging at the same things over and over and over and over and over again, then healing 




 Jon is signed with Polaris. Theory disputed 




 Doing a voice without showing his face that COULD be him, but he does it so well there's no way to be sure, making people argue about it for weeks until it's finally revealed 




 lol, and the people who think it's true...

XD 




 This is why:

http://www.reddit.com/r/gamegrumps/comments/1j21po/thank_you_all/cbae3uj 




 

Update: https://twitter.com/JonTronShow/status/602581548622323713 




 I think it got upvoted by the people who don't understand what Polaris/Maker is and their relationship with GG 




 If anyone is manufacturing controversy, it's the Grumps and Jon themselves. Multichannel Networks wouldn't waste their time doing this because they get such a small percentage of ad revenue from their users. It's not a productive use of their time 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6cpuT1O1fzw 




 Thank you. There are SOO many friends on my facebook that I'd like to copy/paste what you said into their comment threads... ya know what? I'm gonna go do that 









 As long as Arin and Danny are there, it would be the funniest Table Flip in history 




 and Arin comes in as Obi-Wan to defeat him 




 It's possible that he was only in LA to film various Youtuber's cameos. Maker has a studio in New York, which he could've been there working on his side of the live-action bits (which are very minimal compared to the gameplay footage) 




 I was fully expecting it. It showed two X-Wings immediately after he said that and I thought it would be Dan and Arin 




 yeah, dafuq did he say? 




 "Let's begin the prostate exam" 




 /r/im14andthisisdeep 




 Oh say can you see?
Someone posted original content...

DOWN VOOOOOOOTE!!!

DOWN VOOOOOOTE! 

Down vote it to Hell! 




 It is a decent game, but it's the weakest one in that era of Final Fantasy games (they'll never top 9 though) 




 shoulda waited till the new one was completed. There might be some AMAZING moments in the future that won't be in this compilation 




 have you considered that he has a significant other that he doesn't discuss on the show? He's talked multiple times about not wanting to discuss his private life on the show.

Also, the whole "banging chicks" thing IS a part of his CHARACTER'S persona! Danny Sexbang and Dan Avidan are two different people (one is fictional, if that gives you a hint)

Lastly, why would "not having a significant other" make him gay? Are only gay people allowed to be single? Or are gay people not allowed to have significant others?

This is a big reason he wouldn't want to discuss his private life. Creepy posts like this 




 "Put it DEEP in her butt son.... if she struggles, give her the Ol' 1-2, POW!" 




 There are people who didn't previously listen to Rush?

My god...  




 anywhere on this sub where the topic says "Jon Mentioned" 

sift through those until you find them.

The only one that comes to my head right now is in Legend of Zelda 2, when Arin brings up Jon and his Abortion conversation from the Joe and Mac game 




 multiple times 




 Mountain Dew: We **almost** called it "Mountain Do-Dew!" 




 damn, I can see where Sharon gets her huge tits! So, can I meet the mother now? 




 Roses Are Red

Violets Are Blue

Niggas Are Black

And Imma shoot you 




 "Your dad said she's GREAT at giving head. Go getter, son!" 




 So basically, just stop with the Vent Grumps? Makes sense 




 In Hell, where they belong 




 Spore 




 Occasional decent criticisms, but primarily populated by nitpicking, whining, and child-like behavior 




 AHAHAHAAHAHAHA :D :D 




 I take it the guy in the white shirt was squad captain? 




 Oh! BURNED! 




 what the fuck was his goal? 




 It would take longer to render (and ten+ minute videos already take an insane amount of time) and upload 




 Am I the only one that read it in a crying, exasperated teenager's voice? 




 This movie doesn't have any black people in it, does it? 




 This is called "Purgatory..." It's nothing but a white light, empty space, and nothingness 




 Hi Steven!

"Hi, Bill!" 




 MMm! I'd cum on HER face without permission! :D 




  fuck these roman sympathizers. 

Best thing I've read all day 




 no, you got it backwards, Dan punched Train 




 don't know why you were downvoted for being helpful 




 There are people who use the "what to watch" instead of the "my subscriptions?" Wow... this frightens me as an up-n-coming youtuber knowing that my subscribers might not see my videos since they're not using youtube correctly. 




 Sorry, I meant the one with Oney 




 is that stream available anywhere? 




 Table slapped Flip's girlfriend 




 Arin 




 but it had the best joke in the whole series!

"Wow, look at all the places you've died!" 




 it's just you 




 can't you buy stickers of the grump heads? I'm not sure if that's part of their merch or not, it'd make sense if it was.

Anyway, just tell him to put stickers on it 




 k 




 I'm sick of those crying onions 




 I think what pisses me off the most about stuff like this is the "obey" on the tv. How in the world could a piece of fiction meant to do nothing but entertain you for a short period of time force you to "obey" anything? 




 Not a lame, "deep" post, just factual information 




 he was too busy wiping away the tears to type 




 while I don't think it was censored, To be fair, we have no way of knowing how much gets edited out of their conversations. We've heard plenty of "Barry, edit that out" which gets superseded by someone saying "don't" but we don't know how many times we get a "edit that out, and replace it with THIS" 




 6/6/6 would fap to again 




 start a band 




 You lost me at "an amazing gamer who understands the depths of games"

Where in the entire history of his career did you get the impression of either of those statements? 




 lol, "Ya know, this painfully difficult game here is actually the reason why I left Game Grumps! Arin wanted to finish it AND play all the others! I was like FUCK-DAT! and I packed my shit and fled all the way across the country to avoid it!" 




 you are what you eat 




 When would whites eat food prepared by The Shadow People?

And when would The Shadow People have jobs? 




 What's grosser than gross? When you sit on your grampa's lap and he gets a boner.

What's grosser than that?

When you sit on your grandma's lap and SHE gets a boner! 




 un-upload this 




 Can you sing while gargling hot sauce? You better *hope* you can! 




 Scoot over... 




 This is nothing but a bunch of fake accounts Ryan and Drew made to make fun of my baldness again! 




 Jigsaw is getting lazier with his traps... This is just a landmine with a 100 dollar bill taped to it.  




 No, dude! When I said we were having a **clan** meeting, I was talking about our Call of Duty clan! Why are you dressed like a ghost? 




 He just kinda passed over a whole series in the first episode, so he might do the same with the Super Star Wars series. They all are kinda the same and it'll probably be one or two jokes about all of them and how hard they are before he moves on 




 How do you know a bullet to the head is painful unless you've done it? 




 Frodo.... **Share the Load!**

(Funky music begins as Frodo starts stripping) 




 "You always think you're right!"


"FUCKING DUH, I think I'm right! That's why we're having an argument!" 




 Whose got three thumbs and was born with a deformity?

...THIS GUY! 




 Be careful getting some of that "15 teen pink"

You can go to jail for that shit 




 Shadow the Hedgehog was a good game, but they acted like it was 06' the whole time. I'd hate to see that attitude translated to them playing some of the best games ever. (like it already has with Mario64) 




 Because he has poor analytical skills when it comes to video-games. 




 It's been 23 years since I was pooped out of your birth-hole. Thank you for not aborting me :)

Love, Steve 




 Ms Jones, I'm afraid to inform you that you have had a miscarriage 




 "MMmm, that cake was delicious! I wish I could have some more without worrying about getting fat! OH wait! I have JUST the thing!" 
























 Spore. best one they've done 




 I get ads every single video and I watch it on my TV. Other channels aren't like this, but the Grumps are for some reason (probably because I watch a succession of videos on their channel) 




 The only time I think he's acknowledged the issues is when they weren't his fault (like when people gave him shit because of the six minute episode, when Arin/Dan didn't record enough footage)

Other than that, he isn't even able to fix those things except for the thumbnails 




 He misses an assload of cues and there were blank frames in a few episodes, the audio levels were fucked up for a while, he put up the wrong thumbnail once or twice, I'm sure there's more, these are just the ones I remember off the top of my head 




 (*looks closely*)  Insert Coin Here? 




 So a Rabbi, myself, and a minister walked into a bar and the bartender said "what is this, a joke?" 




  If the entertainer listening to the criticisms is ultimately their own personal choice, then what's the point of your comment here even existing?


There are a lot of stupid people that don't understand the concept of criticism. This is where people labeled ventgrumps as whiners, nitpickers, etc. 

There's already several posts complaining that they don't want to be downvoted if they criticize the show. Why can't they stand that other people have a different opinion? "Oh no I got downvoted! I guess everyone else is an idiot!" is the general consensus amongst people like this.

 The criticizers know that the Grumps have a choice. 

The criticizers don't seem to know much of anything. There was a guy on Ventgrumps shortly before it closed complaining that Game Grumps is "now a comedy show and no longer talk about game design" **that** is exactly the problem with illegitimate criticism. If you don't understand what the show is and always has been to begin with, why should you post your opinion at all? And why is it such a sin for someone to downvote your completely useless opinion?

 Thus, your comment is completely useless.

I can see that it went right over *your* head, but it's not useless if it helps ONE person understand my point 




 It's one of the best sketch comedy shows out there.

Check out their movie "Run Ronnie Run" 




 VentGrumps did the exact same thing if you tried to differ with someone's "Criticism" so don't act like this sub is so much worse when people downvote something they disagree with. 

If they change the show to fit someone else's tastes, then there is a huge chance that it'll no longer appeal to the people who currently enjoy it (the same goes for all forms of entertainment)

The biggest problem I saw with VentGrumps was that people started their ~~whining~~ "criticisms" with the basic assumption that every person agreed that the show has decreased in quality at some point. (and the only ones who didn't were little children/fanboys that had shrines dedicated to the Glorious Grump Gods, or something) This is simply not true and the show always has its ups and downs, people just tend to remember the best parts and think it was more entertaining in the past.

Whenever there was a **legitimate** criticism *(like pointing out that I don't want to listen to 10 minutes of Arin trash-talking a game or watch 5 episodes of Arin dying in the same spot over and over again [both of which were only annoying because the conversations became stale])* I never got downvoted on the main sub and plenty of other people discussed this criticism openly on the main sub without downvoting.

If your post receives a large number of downvotes, that just means more people disagreed with your criticism than those who agree with you, regardless if it's "constructive" or not. Why diminish other peoples' enjoyment to please this **one** random person? If a musician I don't enjoy asked my opinion on how to make their music "better" and I offered some ideas that completely conflict with what their music is all about, do you think they should listen? More importantly, do you think they should listen to a large group of people all saying something different?

The only times I've seen Game Grumps pay attention to constructive criticism is when the majority of the fanbase agreed on something (my examples a few paragraphs above pertained to Super Mario 64 and their final few sessions of that playthrough showed that Dan was definitely listening to the people at that time and they got through with the game without any more problems)
If that's the case, then you won't be downvoted. If it isn't the case and your criticism is downvoted, then you need to accept the different opinion and move on

In the end, an entertainer can only create something that **they** want to, because it is impossible to please everyone. 




 you're not alone. Looks like I won't be checking out ConspiracyGrumps for a while if this is all ppl are gonna be talking about 




 It's a hard knock life! For us!
It's a hard knock **life!** For us!

Instead of feeded,
*We get tricked!*
 




 This just in: The Prince was unable to find someone to fit in his glass slipper and as such remains unmarried. Who knew the guy had a weird feet fetish, but I guess this explains a lot about the "unmarried" part. 




 Kibbles is...... coming uh..........'round the outside!

By the time I....... finished that sentence.... the.... race was..... already over!

The winner is......... Mr. Spock! 




  Sounds like ~~a good episode~~ **The BEST Episode** of Table Flip!

Fixed that for ya :) 




 a bank loan for $40 then 




 Mr. Williams, I'm sorry, but I have to deny your bank loan, because you have bad credit.

*Bad Credit will do fine*
 




 No, he is referring to the western fantasy genre, like LOTR. His reasoning for not watching LOTR is because that genre doesn't interest him 




 lol, i was just joking. I was expecting a "They're not REAL women response" 




  Ah, now we see that someone who does not have female genitalia and cannot produce offspring cannot be a woman.

What about sterile women? 









 Dude, security was all like "Whoa, don't go near that guy... he lives life on the edge!" 




 Got any good improv drinking games, specifically for playing at a small party/get together with a couple of friends?

Let's hear em! 




 Promote it more as a comedy show if you don't think they know what improv is. Then, at the beginning of the show, explain that you'll be making it up off the top of your heads 




 Why dontcha start by explaining that big ol' belly!? I thought you've been working out! 




 You were doing 50 in a 25.... what's the emergency?

Sir, I'm driving an *Ambulance!* 




 Critics are calling it "the worst thing that's ever happened in the history of cinema!" 




 That's Elmo's Sooooooong!

Wasn't that fun, kids!? Now Elmo wants to learn what it's like to be a hardcore gangsta!

Let's sing Elmo's NEW song! It's called "Fuck Bitches and Get Money!" 




 hmm... I wonder what this big red button does?

(Missile Activated!) 




 I'll bet you a thousand dollars you can't hit that bulls-eye!

'I'll take THAT bet! It's two feet away!" 




 wait... May 2**3**8**3**?

Half-Life 3 Confirmed! 




 Ug! Gorto want food! Me kill mammoth! 




 Look, babe, I'm a guy. How else would I have gotten pregnant? 




 Data can sometimes still be recovered, even after deleted, wiped, or formatted with programs like Recuva 




 [The Loincloth](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-SsItwkoSsqw/TWbDlExv5bI/AAAAAAAAAIc/EjEfxBweSzk/s1600/cloth.jpg) 




 (True Story) Took a shit in my brand new apartment and felt like a completely free man... (Until I realized we didn't buy toilet paper yet) 




 Please Don't Step On This 




 yep 




 Tried the classic "Hand In Water Prank."

[It didn't go so well](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C5w8ETK93Hg) 




 This comment 




 It's called the "G-Spot" and it makes women cum.

You shouldn't push it because then they'll expect it every time. 




 He disappointed me by being a complete idiot 




 My mind tends to rearrange letters on signs or large text into something humorous. Probably a defense mechanism against boredom.  




 The Sun 




 Smoke, not have a sense of humor, and what diftuv said 




 Why not both? 




 join the police force then 




 So, Scully is automatically at the top, by default, right? All others are irrelevant 




 How do you know you wouldn't like chugging a gallon of AIDs-infested cum?

It's just something instinctual, I guess 




 You have four seconds to comment or it's absolutely meaningless!

Shit, I'm past my time! 




 An active Volcano 




 One time I entered Wal-Mart through the "Exit Only" door.


Edit: Someone downvoted because they couldn't handle how badass I am 




 what if #HuffNation turned out to be a vulgar sex act? It was all just a ploy to get her to search it 




 She's also on the cover of their album "Strawberries and Cream"

And yes, she's been in a lot of NSP videos and suggested to Dan that they start holding auditions for other models/actresses like her to play Danny's love interests as opposed to just using their friends 




 She's been in several of his videos. BTW, You're friends with Lauren Francesca!? That's already an amazing thing to begin with! 




 It would be the greatest thing that could ever possibly happen on the channel, but sadly might not because Arin is "not interested" in that genre (whatever the fuck that means)

 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/gamegrumps/comments/1nocie/dan_cowrote_this_new_rhett_link_rap_battle/cckjmuc 




 Knock knock! Whose there you ask? ME... but why are YOU still here? 




 As many have said, this would be great for Wayne's World 3 




 more importantly, "WHAT'S Google Hangouts?" 




 You guys... that's so deep I'm worried we may never make it back to the surface!

(found this gem on my facebook feed) 




 The only difference I've noticed is Ross seems a bit more talkative/energetic in the Sonic series. But it could just be how he felt at the time of the playthrough, these *are* recorded in short sessions 




 I guess neither of them are very good at improv 




 I'm more upset that Bloodborne is back 




 Anyone else think pedophilia should be okay under SOME circumstances?

Jim, this isn't really "water cooler talk" 




 Hey look! It's those two actors with the same first name! What are they doing!? I think they're switching seats! MY GOD! 




 Fill this up! 




 Why don't we make a fun game? 




 Hey, Margie! Get the camera! I wanna make one-a-dem "Youtoo" videos! 




 Hey, sis, you bored? .... 




 What do you mean "Somehow" created his voice? His voice is pretty damn easy to create! 




 If you'd never play them for your family and friends then that doesn't mean comedy has less value, it just means you don't think your family/friends would enjoy this particular band. 




 Nah. As awesome as Skyhill is, there's more value in comedy, which he is really talented at 




 thank you :) 




 It's a subject that interests me (I've never done any kind of drug though and probably never will)

I think what interests me the most is how many people have shared experiences. I've been meaning to look it up myself, but I think others might be able to explain it better than a long complicated article 

Edit: I'm looking for a **scientific** explanation, not the typical spiritual drivel most people use when explaining it (hence why it's hard to research) 




 So did I!

By coincidence these are both my comedy idols.

What is the discussion you're referring to? 




 turns out God created the Earth on accident by spilling his soda 




 He **did** grow up as kind of a spoiled rich kid, so when the time came that he actually had to commit to/work hard on something, he probably couldn't handle it. It makes sense, and he did voice his disdain for the fact that it was a JOB (which is actually a very positive thing, despite his attitude toward it) several times on the show and in the Ode to Jon video 




  If you're JonTron 24/7, it's hard to stay funny and relevant, and that's probably part of why he left

True, but they only recorded on weekends in just a matter of hours. Hard to refer to that as 24/7 




 they're not owned by anyone (MCNs don't own anything, they just partner with people) but yeah, when it comes down to it, it's a **company** with **employees** that needs to keep the revenue flowing, at the very least in a just in case scenario where they end up losing money for some reason. 




 It's a compliment, but at the same time, people should've been educated long ago to understand that improvised scenes can be just as good as, if not better, than written scenes.

I mean, a written sketch/song is just a piece that's been improvised on paper 




 Nostalgia Critic 




 Didn't say there was anything wrong with it. But it's pretty gross to think of a 13-14 year old girl masturbating.

 




 well he had ugly in quotes, so I figured he meant more of the unexpected/dirty-minded stuff 




 burn her for her ~~racism~~ anti-gaming stance! 




 Anne Frank wrote an awful lot about playing with herself in her diaries 




 "I wish that I was a mother"

(Unzips his pants and impregnates her himself)

[Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZE6PWinUnw) 




 This looks like a job for Damsel In Distress! 




 turns out he's called that because his only weakness is Crowbars. (not sure why he'd broadcast that information that way, lol) 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/pgv4t/iama_egoraptor_that_sounds_weird_i_am_egoraptor/c3p9u6e

That's just one. He's said it multiple times in interviews, this is the only one I know of for certain 




 that's what they're building right now, using money from Game Grumps and Starbomb.

Even if he did go to another studio, that wouldn't require him leaving the channel since his involvement in it is minimal already.

Danny had a day job up until the release of the first Starbomb album (because he only needs to be there for the recording sessions) 




 Wolfjob.  




 It'll be the whole channel once the company finally reaches the stage where they can create content for other platforms that provide more financial stability.

Arin and Ross are each working on an animated series, Starbomb is already a highly profited music project, Danny is always working on NSP and Starbomb, and there will be plenty of ideas that they'll have/pursue in the future.  

I foresee a Ninja Sex Party movie at some point that will bomb at the box office despite being totally rad and hilarious (like Tenacious D's movie) 




 So for what purpose would he leave a job that gives him an area to animate in an office that only asks him to work for an hour or two a week, leaving the rest of the time to animate? 
























