 A T-800 traveling in a phone booth is on its way to Robert Zemecki's house... 




 Thanks man, might be a Nimbus by the looks of it. Enjoy your new grip job!  




 Man, that cat has seen some shit. Looks like a brooding war veteran  




 The job is a bit too much for my taste but it's all good as long as you had fun with it man! What Welcome shape is that, thinking about getting one myself  




 What a beaut! Is everything original except for the bushings?  




 [I don't think your dog cares](http://s21.postimg.org/rfzh35m1z/1_1.jpg)

Edit: Open a new account, make a quick paint of a stoned dawg, get gilded.  Thanks for the generosity friendly neighbour!  
























 And you are absolutely right, corrected! 




 The band is The Dillinger Escape Plan and this glorious tshirt depicts a pegasus with a cock as a horn ejaculating a rainbow into a tie dye tee. They recently had some homophobic fans commenting in their Facebook posts supporting the same sex marriage legislation. 
Relevant link: https://www.facebook.com/dillingerescapeplan 









 Ordering a plain coffee at Starbucks? What are you? An unpretentious hipster? That's meta bro  




 Haha that was awesome!  




 Hell yeah!  
























 "Same thing we do every night Pinky... Try to take over the world!"  




 I get that man, watching Ben makes we wanna get more into skating  transition. He just has that raw energy and you can tell he is having a blast doing it. Infectious shit for sure!  









 Digging the Welcome tee! 




 Pretty disgraceful that homosexuality is still such a hush hush topic within the metal community. Help me get this upvoted to let people know that we metalheads are a respectful and open minded tribe!    





























 Takes one to know one  




 Fuck pebbles, they are the devil's invention  




 I skated when I was a kid and then moved on to other sports. Got back on the board around 28. It's never too late man!  




 You'd have to be very bitter to give her shit for posting this. Best of luck for your kid OP. You might find encouragement in the Temple Grandin story if you don't know about her already. :)  




 Nice work GeekyHooker! You seem to be very skilled with your crotch(et)... 
Edit: bad jokes aside, those are awesome! :)  




 You might think he is cool but he sure looks like he wants to disfigure you  
























 Do you honestly believe that she stepped down because she wasn't competent enough?  




 Just out of curiosity, how are you qualified to know about everything the job requires and what makes you such a capable judge on Pao's competence?  




 Because Richie Jackson and his crew are hippy space pirates from another dimension. 




 That's what it takes man, no secrets  




 Aww, Metal loves sharks too... https://youtu.be/eKv84ANH9vc 





























 Oh, your mum is NOT gonna be happy with MY Photoshop skills either...  




 I'm missing both the racist and sexist parts of that (pretty poor) joke.  




 Well... That's just like... your opinin, man  




 We don't smoke milk...!? :O 




 Way to go OP! I'm jealous as a Spaniard that has never been to Pas Vasco  




 But, but, but... WE SAID DO NOT ANIMALS!!  
























 It makes for raw street skating tho. I personally never get tired of watching cats skate NYC  




 https://www.reddit.com/r/skateboarding/comments/3cr5bj/how_hippy_hardflip_late_flip/?ref=search_posts 




 That's so rad! I'd never leave if I had that by my house  




 Tack mygrapefruit. Tycker man ska skriva om detta p reglerna om det r nu frbjuden att verstta p Sweddit.  




 Edit: [Jag r inte bitter](http://i.imgur.com/qfliRSV.gif) 




 Translation for the uninitiated : Time to do what /r/watches have failed to  
























 What's a matre'd by the way?  




 Chef here, I've spent entire nights dreaming about being in the kitchen after coming home from a particularly long/busy service. Also... dreamed a lot about Call of Duty in a period where I played quite obsessively.  




 I think I can spot Leo DiCaprio in there  




 I can't even... Just can't...  




 Unfuckingfortunately yes, it is 

Edit : Downvote me all you want, I just don't see him in the role of Deadshot. His persona is just too well established and to me it's not a good fit for a movie like this.  




 Relevant username  
























