 That's it. Cat fur denies all existing physics regarding volume. I'm sure the amount of fur my cat sheds in a month is enough to create whole another cat. 




 I'm a fridge.
I'm okay with this. 




 Pretty ok. My life isn't filled with excitement but I'm appreciated at work and earn enough. I don't have stats to confirm it, but it's probably along or more than the average.  Working abroad though so I miss home a lot.

The last time I heard from my hs friends, the so-called popular girls lived lives I wouldn't envy: gone into drug dealing, had crap jobs, etc. 




 I think you did a good job telling him off. I would have frozen up and just hung up on him. And a few minutes later come up with a long detailed fuck-you. Damn this escalator wit. 




 From what I've heard: "what's wrong with it? It dries anyway." Yeahhh well do you spit in your room then? Ugh. 




 English grammar broken down into formulae and students were asked to identify which formula it was. E.g. A boy runs home = No.1.

Then I moved to Canada and realized no one gives a damn about that kind of stuff. 




 I just watched it again a few minutes ago.

"Become vengeance, David. Become Wrath." 




 Intensity of positive emotions.

When I was looking forward to something I couldn't sleep the night before because I was so excited. When I was happy, I could really feel my heart pumping fast. It is no longer the case. Everything is "meh" to me. I still feel negative emotions to the fullest extent though.

I'm not sure if I can do anything about this. I'm always told to be grateful for what I have but it's very difficult to keep that in mind. 




 Catching the bus to work / home right on time without waiting for too long. 




 And how would that change affect your current life? 




 Wow he does an excellent job! Looks like an interesting movie... What are those horns doing there? 




 About 7 years ago I read from a psych textbook that Russian scientists managed to breed tame foxes. I wonder how that's going? I doubt foxes will become house pets anytime soon but looking at this cutiepie really makes me wish I could pet one! 




 "Hey. Heyyy... Come onnnnn...." XD He is adorable. 




 The last bit put a big smile on my face. Clonk is so endearing! Never thought I'd find a big green orc dude cute (aside from Shrek but he's an ogre) but damn. More please! 




 I chuckle at the thought of him holding in that position while someone took that picture. So cute. Keanu is one of those people who are hot and seem like a great guy to hang out with. Plus he can turn water into wine... Do you even miracle bro? 




 Damn cat. REVEAL YOUR ANTI-AGING SECRETS 




 I hope you allowed them to collect the droppings? It will be good to see the king give  *a crap*  when it comes to the freedom of religion.

I'll see myself out. 




 That is fucking brilliant. I don't use profanity in compliments usually but this is so impressive it must be emphasized with an expletive. I love the use of the colours! Being on mobile I had to look hard for Bender haha. 




 I can't separate Ramsay from wellingtons. Or poached scallops. "It's RAWWWW" 




 As I play the League I've grown to like champs that non-League players wouldn't find cute, like Cho and Kog. Now you made me find Vel'Koz cute. Well done. 




 "You've lured me with a false promise." 




 Oh that's why the gif was a bit gritty. I will look forward to seeing your cat in HD! (What's her name by the way?)

Here's my [Leon](http://imgur.com/5it7hIJ). He will be ten next January. I moved to Asia for work three years ago from Canada and he's stuck by me all these years :) 




 She's beautiful! I love that little bit of tabby stripes on her legs. My cat is a mix of siamese-turkish angora-tabby and he only has very feint stripes on his tail. Looks like your kitty had more blessing! :D Please share more photos when she comes home! 




 This has nothing to do with the racist trp dick in question but I can totally see Homer yelling the townspeople away and then being chased by a pitchfork wielding mob. 




 Is it possible you guys are blood related? Hair-coat colour match! 




 He sounds like a great guy to have around. 




 She could pass for a 2-3 year old. Cats don't seem to age after a certain point! I hope you two spend many hours cuddling up in warm blankets. 




 I would like to delude myself into thinking that Fox only wanted to keep her company until someone came around to help her. :p

I hope she goes to a wonderful home.3 




 Please Anivia. I'm so sick of looking at a frozen chicken when she's supposed to be a majestic cryopheonix 




 Thanks to Fantastic Mr. Fox the movie I think of Bill Murray whenever I see badgers. 




 How do they have that kind of perfectly assigned coat pattern of cute white mittens? I MUST KNOW 




 He can give me a full physical anytime. I think he's qualified.

Also I'd like to bang him. 




 In addition to Ferrous being a beautiful kitty, whoever wrote on that box has excellent handwriting. 




 A guy wearing a tight-fitted classic black suit with a white shirt loosening the collar. 




 Me just found Clonk. Clonk the best. Want more Clonk. 




 "You're carcinogenic."

Applicable to a wide range of situations and qualities. 

 




 There's a wiki article about the Canadian raising that could shed some light on this issue. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canadian_raising

Personally, being a Canadian, I don't really see a whole lot of difference from English in the American midwest.  




 Wow. I mean MAYBE I could understand that this actually took place if the two were in the same place, but calling up the mom when she's at work? This guy is unbelievable. He does give dads a bad name :( I'm hoping he has some redeeming qualities but right now I can't think of one that could work in his favour. 




 So pretty. Jinx looks like she took a chill pill XD Kudos to your talented gf! 




 This reminds me of Baby Blues comics :( I don't know much about child rearing but what I gather from second-hand experience is that it takes a toll on mom especially. Hang in there! Hope you two get some real sleep soon. 




 As opposed to originating from Anglo Canadian provinces. -.- ugh 




 Not sure about the Anglo Canadians claiming poutine as their own but it was my understanding the vast majority of us enjoy the dish. Also isn't it pretty well-known that poutine originates from Quebec? Even the damn name is very French. 




 Look at that face. Just born and looks so zen and enlightened. 




 As someone who had hots for Dr. Grant I appreciate your story. Thanks so much for sharing it in such detail. 




 The shield looks beautiful! Can't wait. 




 I agree. Actually for someone who attends LSE her expressive power is pretty mediocre. 




 Thrillerrrr 




 Someone dipped his face into the ink jar! 




 I'm a big fan of the current Lee Sin portrait so the new update is a bit disappointing for me. The one we have now has a somber tone and his lips are not so thick... 




 Meanwhile I'm sad Zedd is not following the one true master race. Not too late Zedd, come over to the right side. 




 I love how he's standing above Fight Club. "You are not a... special... snowflake... AWW WHO'S A LITTLE CUTIE" 




 White socks3 




 Chris Crocker has been on /r/ladyboners before and we were debating whether his whole "leave Britney alone" thing was sincere or a parody. :p 




 The pro team champs look great! Female Luc looks bad ass too. 




 I'm patching right now and it's so good to hear the rework turned out great! I really like Viktor but I had some trouble dealing a lot of damage with him but it seems like that's the thing of the past now. The old ult was especially frustrating. It was like tickling champions ._. But not the case now it seems! 




 This is some dedication. Awesome job! 




 Didn't know this was coming out! So psyched now. I really want to get a new skin for Karma but frankly I don't like any of the current ones :( Except for the (new) classic. 




 Yeah I listened to it expecting it to be really sweet but then it turned funky. Wasn't prepared for that! 




 From this alone you don't sound like you were being clingy and what you expected was perfectly normal. But I suppose she wasn't looking for a serious relationship? She should've been more tactful in telling you so but I do agree that continuing seeing each other without clarifying het position would be just leading you on. She handled things the wrong way :(

Being a woman who doesn't enjoy casual encounters I don't understand her pov. 




 Watching him eat the burger makes me crave one instantly. 




 You didn't like that episode? I loved the beginning especially complete with the old Windows opening theme. 




 I hope you talk to (or already have) your doctor about it! Certain side effects are unavoidable but things like narcolepsy would basically make going on about a daily routine impossible. 




 Regardless of how much time you spent together breaking up via text messages is a pretty shitty thing to do. I'm sorry you had to go through with it. From what I read I don't know if you guys had any issues or what kind of person she is. So it's a bit difficult to come up with any perspective on that note :(

But know that we're here for you and ready to listen. Break ups suck even if you're the one who initiates them. There's really no way to make the pain subside fast.

I would encourage you to eat something if you can. Perhaps some fruit or cereal?

If you want to tell me more about the relationship or talk about anything else, let me know. 




 Wow I've been feeling the exact same way... It feels like I reached a plateau and am just stuck here... 




 I'm a bit late but Happy Birthday! 




 When will cats tell us the secret to anti-aging?! She's beautiful. 




 So cute that your camera got distracted out of focus? XD

But in all seriousness, thank you for providing a good home for this little cutiepie. I mean, you'll have to give up your ownership to all things that he(she?) likes, but that just comes with being a cat person, amirite? 




 I love the fact that you named your cats Lunchbox and Bento 3 




 Wow congrats! Though I have little knowledge of the condition I'm happy that you're healthier, not to mention looking better! keep it up dude :) 




 Now this wouldn't make sense in most worlds, but this is Skyrim where you can shoot down dragons by shouting at them. Sharpening swords with air isn't all that implausible. 




 Why does that springy thingy in her crotch bother me so much.. 




 ... you were saying? 




 "Hey, I got a busted ass and I see no one kissing it!"

"*exasperated sigh* alright I'm coming..." 




 I personally like S1-3 Zoidberg the best. His first appearance gets me every time. "My mother was a saint! GET OUT" 




 *squeal of joy* look at those pink jelly beans! She's so adorable. Have you named her yet?  




 Being the boring person I am, I'll just put it in my savings account. And then immediately find something to splurge on the very next month, totally invalidating the point of depositing it in the first place! 




 Exactly, one billion dollars. 




 I love how the background is also dark and snowing as if lamenting. So sorry for your loss. Stay strong. 




 Also taking SNRI here. And lost much of my sex drive too :( If your condition is more or less under control with the pills, could you consider decreasing the dosage, or switching to milder alternatives? I used to take citalopram (SSRI) before and that didn't seem to affect my sex drive.

In any case you should really talk to your physician about this if it's a major issue. I don't think many of us here are qualified to talk about the specifics of the meds. 

Good luck! 




 Graduated in 2011, so the memory is more or less fresh.

First off, don't think it's the end of the world and wait for the professor to respond. With any luck, and I find this to be true with most profs, he/she will give you another deadline but with some penalty. That's far better than receiving a zero right? Most profs don't enjoy giving out Fs and they will try to accommodate as long as the student shows the initiative. And I recommend that you disclose your situation (how depression is affecting your life). Some may think this is just laziness/carelessness. It wasn't the case. So unless you're very uncomfortable, telling him/her about your condition would definitely help. If the prof says no and you can't do anything about the essay, you can also ask if there are extra assignments you can hand in.

If all fails? Still, it's not the end of the world. You fucked up, but you can still recuperate. Maybe do better in the exam, or other courses? This may sound too callous, but it really is not the end. Don't worry yourself to death.

As for coping with depression itself: I'm one of the luckier ones that found meds that worked for me. I've talked to counselors a few times but I've found them to be very inefficient. They always told me what I already know. Meds kept me balanced and gave me at least minimum motivation to work on assignments and stuff.

I'm sorry to hear about your friend. I don't know the detail so I'm not sure how to comment on that. :( Talking smack about you to your boyfriend seems like a really shitty thing to do...

But for now your essay situation seems to be the more dire problem, so I hope you get that in order before tackling the friend issue. 

Anyhoo, I hope my comment can give you at least a little bit of courage. Again, it's an obstacle you can handle! PM me if you want to vent. :) 




 I don't know much about art but I really like the colours you used. Especially green. It's something that you wouldn't expect to see in a portrait but it reveals the mood perfectly. Well done. 




 Just reading his comment history makes me sad. I would be angry, but it's too depressing to make me angry. I see he's also posted on white supremacy subreddits. Sigh. Sometimes I fantasize about rounding up all the racist people on earth and putting them in an isolated island... 




 I hope months turn into years. Congrats :) 




 "Dude... I like... totally forget I was doing" 




 Wait... colours in Skyrim? Burn the heretic!! 









 I can't find the link right now and the reverse image search on both Google and Karma Decay shows that it's gone, but there was a photo of a woman wearing an engagement ring in the comment section of another photo. The ring seemed a bit tight for her and everyone was blatantly making a crack at that, or saying how it looked cheap. Someone said something along the line of: "who says you can't buy an engagement ring where you can buy tires?"

Today I logged onto facebook and discovered my friend got engaged on her birthday. I was so psyched. I made an international call to her (I'm working overseas), congratulated her, and we were both so happy. I've known her for a long time and she's such a sweetheart.

I got off the phone and scrolled further down her profile only to see the exact same photo that was ridiculed on Reddit.

That's when I did the reverse image search. It seems like there's no trace of it now for some reason.

I'm very sure it's the exact same photo because it popped up recently and the angle / the shape of the ring -- everything really matches up. 

I really didn't want to upset my friend when she was so happy but I told her about it just so she would increase the privacy setting on her FB and go through the friends list to get rid of people who might do this.

Whoever posted that link in the comment was a friend of my friend. I guess that's what's pissing me off, not so much that it happened on Reddit. I have a vague idea who might have done this based on what my friend told me before but I have no proof. And the link is gone now, for the better or worse.

Sigh. 




 I moved to Asia for work and my cat (9 y/o) is trapped inside a highrise apartment with very little to observe outside. It's been like this for about three years now and I feel so bad. 

He shows little interest when I try to play with him using the "traditional" cat toys. I know he's really bored and would like to bring in another cat, but that's not in the cards right now.

I also tried bringing him outside in a stroller (all sides closed but he can still look outside) but he was very stressed out and would yeowl until I brought him home. Mind you I did this in a residential area with no traffic or loud noises. There were some kids playing about but I always kept them at a safe distance where he wouldn't be subjected to any unwanted attention.

Could someone suggest ways to entertain him? Even though his appetite and weight haven't changed I'm afraid he's depressed. 














 (Or for that matter, any other "deem/consider/perceive" type of verbs)

e.g. "He deemed the policy unfair." vs. "He deemed the policy to be unfair."

I always thought these were interchangeable but perhaps they are not? How are they different exactly? 









 The variation of the main theme + really unsettling, even barbaric tunes when the Wildlings are butchering the Brothers. Every aspect of the episode was superb but I was especially immersed in the music. It almost reminded me of that used back in the Charlton Heston era. Very epic, traditional, and hits right in the nostalgia. Music definitely gave the mammoths and giants the more threatening atmosphere. 









 I've been using Firefox for nearly five years now and all was well and suddenly it reports a certification issue with gmail/google. When I google something I have to add an exception for EVERY SINGLE KEYWORD I type in. For Gmail it doesn't even give me an option to rule it out as an exception.

At first I thought this was Firefox-specific so I tried it again with IE but it has the same issue. I've been checking my mail via phone :( I guess I can make do with it but I don't understand why it's suddenly acting up this way.

Has anyone else had a similar problem? 




 I used to like the Watch Later function. I would add a bunch of videos, sort them to my liking, and add them to a neat little list. It would also show which one I watched so when I went back I could either restart or move onto the next one. 

Now it only has a "remove watched video" function and the ability to leave notes (which makes me wonder just how many people actually use this).

Switching to Google+ is one thing. Now the comment section works fine, it doesn't share everything I write to Google Circle automatically, so I can begrudgingly accept the change.

Why tamper with what already worked fine?

Please, if I'm missing something here and complaining about this because I don't know better, someone let me know. I'd rather admit that I'm an idiot than continue on with this nonsense. 




 I considered posting here when I was feeling particularly low but I always think that there's someone worse off than me and I should buck up. (But I never use this logic on someone else as I hate hearing it from others myself.) Instead I've decided to post some of the things I do when I feel really down in spite of meds. Perhaps it will be of some help to some.

- Watching the Simpsons and Futurama

I find Matt Groening's work incredibly therapeutic. I also watch South Park and Family Guy too but the Simpsons and Futurama have a warm edge that its contemporaries don't really seem to have. Futurama is especially endearing. I watch episodes nonstop and just lose myself in the story and characters. They make jokes that might be considered dumb/outdated by today's standard but that makes it so nostalgic and cozy.

- Reorganizing and cleaning out the desk / closet

Sometimes my mind is off-limits. I can't deal with it. But the physical act of cleaning my room gives me a sensation similar to reorganizing my thoughts. A neater, well-organized room is just a byproduct. I fold my clothes, do laundry, do the vacuum cleaning, etc. I play music I love loudly and focus intensely on cleaning and that only. It's like workout except I'm enjoying it. I wish I loved exercise but I really, really hate it. So much. I could never relate to people's advice on working out for expelling thoughts that get me down. Cleaning is a good substitute I think.



Perhaps hackneyed and worn out ideas, but I thought these may help and that I should just write these down to remind myself again. I'm at work and I can do neither right now. I feel trapped and am forcing myself to smile. I'm on the verge of just giving up but I have to move on. I don't know why I feel this way. I just am. 




 Context: I was diagnosed with clinical depression when I was in high school (i.e. 7+ years ago). I was on cytalopram for a while but it didn't do much for me. Luckily about three years ago I found medications that worked for me. The current pills I'm taking are SNRIs, the primary agent being venlafaxine.

Last Monday I was supposed to go see my psychiatrist but I was making an important call during my lunch break and I forgot. I thought to myself: what harm could it do? I had some leftovers from previous appointments and I would only miss a day's worth. How callous I was.

So this is how I felt: sensory overload in every turn.

Every sound delved into my head like a jackhammer. I put on earphones without listening to anything but it didn't do anything. My coworker's keyboard typing which I would normally ignore was so painful that I had to leave the room for a while. Secretaries walking fast-paced here and there hit me like a gong. It resonated within me. They irritated me and numbed me to the core at the same time. I wanted to attack someone.

I turned to work to maintain focus. I work as a translator at a law firm. I usually work on court decisions, briefs, complaints, etc. I'm always fascinated by the stories I read. It lessens the inevitable boredom destined to come with the line of my profession. I picture them in my head and it helps me visualize. Concentrate.

I was assigned to translate a complaint a few days ago so I was working on it. I tried to calm myself as I tried to regain control over my senses and just work. It was okay for a while until I hit the word SUICIDE. A former rep director of a company being sued had committed suicide.

Normally I would just look upon it with some dismay and move on. It's really unfortunate but what can I do?

In this instance I couldn't just move on. My eyes were fixed on the word. I felt like I was about to throw up. I didn't know the person. And yet the word stabbed me and I was left in shock. I wanted to cry.

That was when I decided I couldn't stay in the office. I had taken the meds at that point but it wasn't working fast enough. I had to go home.

I feel better now. I can withstand my surroundings once more. The words don't send me into shock like before.


I thought I'd share this with you while the memory and the sensations are still fresh. My mom always tells me to "will the depression away". I'm not just having a bad day. I can't function without these pills. Call me a weak-willed person if you want. That doesn't change the fact that I'd just crawl into a corner and do nothing without meds. 









 I've seen action figures and plush toys, but these are pretty common throughout any series. 

What kind of novelty items would you like to see for Futurama specifically? (e.g. an F shirt with a fake mutant arm attached?)

I've seen on Reddit someone knitted a Zoidberg mask for their kid for Halloween and would love to own one myself it was for sale.

Other random things: "Nixon 30xx" bumper stickers, Slurm (sans the secret ingredient), Bender's purple camera, a digital photo frame shaped like the What-If machine, Gemerald ring candy 









 I've been seeing him for the last two and a half years now.

I come from a culture where going to university is a norm. If you failed to get post-secondary education, you're deemed as a failure.

I spent the majority of my life in North America and on papers and in my heart I consider myself as a westerner, though I don't look it. I moved to the country I was born in to get a job and I'm living with my parents. I insisted on moving out but they wouldn't let me. They went so far as to say that they would disown me if I did. But I digress...

I'm turning 26 this August and due to the said culture I'm considered a marrying age. But I don't think I'll get married any time soon if ever. If I were back home I might have moved in with this guy but here cohabitation is frowned upon. Big time.

I've been lying to my parents in regards to my relationship with him. I said we broke up and are now just friends. Maybe it's because they suspect something but they still don't like the fact that I stay in touch with him.

It's not like my boyfriend is a socially unacceptable human being. I admit there were some times when I wished he'd studied more, but I've come to accept that I can't rely on romantic relationships to satisfy my intellectual needs. We have fun together and most importantly, when we argue about something and he's at fault, he admits it, apologizes, and tends not to repeat the same mistake. His open mindedness is what won me over in the first place. I come from a drastically different background and he was very accepting.

On the CV he appears to have all things that are considered to be "red flags" in the Asian cultures: had an abusive father, his parents are divorced, he didn't attend university, etc.

I'm having an increasingly difficult time letting my parents see the fact that I'm not looking to get married and I'm just in a stable relationship. And even if I DO end up marrying him, would that be the end of the world? So what if I'm enrolled in a graduate school program and working at the same time, making twice as much as his annual salary? Does that somehow make me a better person? We're compatible and have fun. Our attitudes on important issues are similar. When we have an argument it's a clean fight without emotional scars. Isn't that the most important thing in a relationship?

I feel so cornered. I feel so pressured to break up with him because I don't know how to handle my parents. I don't know whether I want to marry him so I don't even know if I should take a stronger stance on this and force them to accept things as they are. 




 Hi Reddit,

very first post here. I'm in a bit of trouble with my newly purchased BB gun and I was wondering if any of you can help me out.

I just bought a Walther P99Q with metal pellets and I'm moving to South Korea (Seoul) soon. I'm sending most of my bulky stuff via sea, and I thought this would be okay. From my research it seems like it's a definite no-no on flight, be it a check-in or carry-on, but no one has given me an answer about shipping it through, well, a ship. (I know I should've checked this first, but my desire trumped reason... ugh.) 
If it comes to the worst, I guess I'll have to sell it to an acquaintance before I leave. (The store takes no refund. Again, very stupid of me.)

I'm sending it from Vancouver, Canada, to Seoul, ROK. Anyone who knows anything about the customs/security, I'd really appreciate your advice.

*Wow I just mispelled internationally and can't edit the title. Damn. 
























 Any photo of her? 

Looks like she's under good care. She'll grow up into a supreme overlord of your house in no time! :D 




 I love the way you phrased that. Thanks for bringing her to safety. 




 This looks like an aquarium ad! Awesome shot.

Also way to get his nonchalant side. Very photogenic. 




 I was hoping he would suggest ways to get him to stop but he was like "meh, if it makes him happy why not let him?"

Btw 10 weeks! Must be so tiny and cute. She may grow out of the habit though since she's just a babe. I hope for your sake she does. The claws have left may scars around my ankles. 




 Oh is that what it's called? XD That's really cute. I should get my cat a mini rolling pin plushy. 




 I won't lie and say I know what that feels like. I lost my grandpa to lung caner a year ago but I imagine hearing this kind of thing about my parent would be something quite different.

If you can't talk to your friends, feel free to talk to us in detail. Or if you're in school, your school counselor perhaps? Online help goes only so far and it'd be nice to have someone listen to you in person.

I'm not sure what kind of words, if any, could bring you solace. But know there is someone who's willing to listen. 




 While it's not for everyone meds changed  my life. I no longer feel suicidal or cry for no reason. I hope it works out for you! 




 I'm glad you're still with us. 




 My (almost) 10 year old cat still does this. He sucks on his arm so it turned that part of his fur brownish colour (he's greyish white overall with lilac points). I was concerned about possible skin conditions but the vet said there was nothing wrong with it. :s

But damn. 10 years! I don't know why he keeps doing it. 




 Nicely done! If you distress the leather it'll look even nicer. Love the eye makeup. I always thought Drogo looked ultra fabulous with the smokey eyes XD  




 Look at that magnanimous smile. Methinks s/he must speak with an elegant Oxford accent. 




 This deserves to be a race. Could you imagine going into a random cave and running into a horde of creatures with faces like this. Bone chilling. 




 I love the mod versions too but I think I'm gonna stick to vanilla until I get sick of it. Skyrim is beautiful on its own. 




 Oh I thought it was Tommen... But is it a whole lot different from a kid dressing up as Danny or Jon? Aren't we assuming that this is insulting because Peter Dinklage happens to suffer from dwarfism? 




 I'm not sure why you're under the fire so much for saying this. I too feel this way. I'm sorry OP has to deal with this mess but at the same time my heart goes out to the poor woman who chose to end her own life. So yeah I totally get where you're coming from. 




 "I have no idea why those walking snacks built this but it sure is handy! *awww yeah. That hits the spot.*" 




 I love her coat! Gold and black. Very houte. 




 She's adorable. Love the one where she's sitting next to you. 




 The costume looks beautiful. My favourite part is the hair. Hands down. Well done! 




 I love this kind of feeling. Why do you think it's a bad idea though? 




 The cat looks pretty challenging. I myself have no carving skill so any attempt to replicate something like this would result in pumpkin slaughter. 




 Man that game kind of frustrated me with donuts (I forget the currency name... those in-game purchases) so I quit early. Wish I had seen this before I quit! 




 Seriously it's not fair... If you have nice eyes, you should at least have some kind of deficiency elsewhere. Goddamn full lips, six pac bod, beard... THIS GUY IS CHEATING alert the mod. 




 Dammit now that's all I can think about. :( 




 Hugs. I love her coat pattern and white socks. I'm sure you and your mom made a loving home for her. Hopefully she'll be having a lot of fun with other kitties in heaven until you guys get to see her again. 




 I don't know who you are, I don't know what you want... But if I find you, I'm going to give you a big hug and buy you a beer because you're an awesome person. Your son is lucky to have you. 




 That's some dedication. Looks great! Are you gonna do the rest of the house sigils? 




 Now here I was expecting an NSFW photo of Lydia. Shame on me... 




 Man it looks almost like someone put a picture of him in the artsy photoshop filter. It looks awesome. Great job! 




 Your mom is really talented! I know brain slugs are parasitic aliens but damn they're cute. 




 I can appreciate people having different tastes in fashion but your bf sounds like he needs to back off a bit. I really like your inspiration photos! It wasn't anything to be embarrassed about. If he means a lot to you I hope you have a good conversation with him and tell him how he makes you feel. I mean, I'm not a big fan of how my bf dresses but I limit myselt to recommendations. 




 I'm sorry it happened to you. Putting that scumbag behind bars probably won't make things entirely better but I'm glad you're on your way to healing. Many hugs. 




 Any plan to colour it? It looks great! 




 Gnar has the cutest walk.♥ 




 Congratulations!! 




 I'm sorry you lost them. I lost my grandpa last year to lung cancer. I was 25 at that time too.

I doubt there's the right way to grieve. Cry if you want to. Occupy your mind if you think you're falling too deeply into your emotions. 




 I'm apparently old enough to take up burdens of an adult but too young to enjoy privileges that such burdens entail.

I'm 26. Come the fuck on. 




 That'd be awesome. Also, being able to make friends with people as long as I talk to them long enough. 









 I'm sorry to hear that. :( I thought working for a big IT corporation would be exciting but I suppose like all things in life it looks glamorous only from the outside. But I bet knowledge in engineering opens up lots of possibilities. I hope you find your passion one day. Preferably soon. 




 Aside from my room, IKEA. Maybe it's that nesting syndrome mentioned in Fight Club but fuck it, I love it there. (I also loved playing the Sims... This probably has something to do with that to.) The country I'm currently living in doesn't have an IKEA and it's killing me. 




 I wish I told my grandpa how much he means to me and how grateful I am that he was my grandpa before he slipped into a coma and died (cancer). He was one of the few that believed in me no matter what. 




 Robin Williams so I can watch his old movies again. I can't watch them anymore because looking at him makes me miss him so much.

I lost my grandpa (to whom I was very close) to cancer but given the circumstances my aunts are in I'm not sure his being alive would benefit him a lot. He would be stressed out. Probably get cancer again. 




 Happy Birthday. 

While I'm not a man I too feel really down on my birthday. It's like I'm getting older while getting none the wiser.

I wish I studied harder in my university so I could've gotten into law school. That way I could've stayed in my home country. Would've helped me retain my self-confidence too. 




 I've actually been writing a thriller for quite some time. I used to write like crazy in my university years, whenever inspiration hit me, but now this job has drained my creativity.

What about you? Any career you'd like to pursue? 




 I actually thought the premise of Resident Evil was pretty good (not the movie; the original game series). A pharmaceutical company wants to create a monster biologically engineered for wars but the success rate of the virus turning a human into a super soldier is pretty low and turns the failures into zombies. Maybe they won't have the hunger for human flesh, though. Hmm... 




 I still listen to AQUA. Barbie Girl, Dr. Jones, My Oh My. They're just really cheerful and fun to listen to. 




 Exactly! I'm studying law and frankly I'm a bit sick of it. I wish I had the balls (though I don't have any physical ones to begin with) pursue my dream of being a professional novelist. "Write on the side" they said, "you can always publish a book while working a different job" they said... 




 This post was tagged serious. Grow up. 




 Call me naive and idealistic, but I don't want Canada to change like the US did after 9/11. Proper precautions are necessary, but taking drastic measures seems like saying terrorists can indeed affect us with violent coercion. 




 I posted the link in one of my comments below.

I think some people misunderstood my comment/link as a cry for attention. I just wanted to show OP my cat. :s 




 I work at a law firm during the day and attend grad school classes at night. I have no idea what I want to do with the degree. I was hoping I would know by now. 




 Thanks. It's actually a he :D 




 Well I didn't post the link because I wanted attention but people seem to think I did. OP has a really pretty cat and I wanted to share a photo of my cat with him/her. I'm a little shocked my good intentions were taken so wrong.

As for the link, [here it is](http://imgur.com/5it7hIJ). 




 I try not to do so since that annoyed the shit out of me. 




 She is beautiful! It kind of hurts my ego because I'd like to think my cat is the most handsome cat in the whole wide world...

Edit: Wow so much hostility for just posting a link to a picture of my cat. Link removed.

Edit2: The link is back up in one of my comments below. Again I'd like to clarify I didn't want to steal attention away from OP or want people to affirm my (jokingly said) statement about my cat being the most beautiful. 




 Or something like "ovulation setting" which can be turned on and off so you can be in complete control of your pregnancy. 




 Gamer (with Gerard Butler).

I really loved the premise but the ending was total bullshit. I feel like the showdown in the end was so hackneyed and implausible. Why would a CEO risk fighting someone who's proven his physical strength in countless battles? Also what's the point of manipulating someone's mind if the person could just overcome it with the force of will? Also the part about the brothers (I forget the exact name; underground rebels against Michael C. Hall) was pretty lame.

You can't bring down the entire system by just killing off the head guy. You have to slowly affect the system and convince users to drop it. Not sure if a 2-hour movie can show all that, but that would have been the better ending. 




 Since a lot of people have already said philanthropic stuff, I'll say something very trivial but satisfying: winning a very dragged out League game through teamwork. Wish I could meet my team members in real life and give them a highfive. 




 Some people hate saying "this restores my faith in humanity" but fuck that, it really does make me believe in mankind more. 




 "Bender we love you"

"Shut up baby, I know it"

Futurama seemed like it really wanted to make "I'm back baby" popular but I've always liked this one better. 




 You set us up! I was preparing for the worst for a sec. But I forgive you because you have a cute dog and I too love RDJ. 




 Haha I wouldnt go as far as calling them assholes. they just don't know much about the condition. But yes I agree the family environment doesn't necessarily help me in this regard. 




 I didn't mean ONE absolute purpose. Until recently I wanted to go down a certain career path but that is no longer the case. I used to live with a drive. Now that's gone I feel empty. 




 The importance of LGBT rights.

I'm currently working abroad in Asia. I was born in this country but emigrated when I was a teen and earned Canadian citizenship. 

It's mind-boggling how LGBT rights are pretty much nonexistent here and people have no idea how offensive they can be when they talk about the LGBT community in a certain way. I've actually had pretty heated arguments with my family members living here over this subject and got into a fight almost. I myself am straight, but I have gay friends back home and my blood boils up whenever people preach all sorts of nonsense. e.g. all gay men will act on their attraction to anyone and will try to rape straight guys. SERIOUSLY?!

 




 Haven't played it in a while but whenever I play Diablo II I appreciate its structure and style every single time. Too bad the successor didn't live up to my expectations... 




 A purpose in life. I feel like all I do is existing. The bare minimum

Edit: thanks for great advice guys. Appreciate it. I'm not looking for a grand ultimate purpose. I'm reevaluating my career choice and the goal I was pursuing for like a decade just disappeared. So yeah that's why I said I wanted a purpose in life. 




 That's pretty exciting though. 

I'm also doing a Master's degree (in law). Working during the day and studying in the evening have worn me out actually. 




 I'm sorry about your ex's baby. It's too bad you guys broke up. Best of luck to you in the Marines. 




 Depression (*May differ from person to person): I can't will/pray/force the condition away. I need meds to function properly. For some people counseling does wonders and they seem to have been cured of depression but it's not for everyone and for some, like me, depression is a lifelong condition with no cure. I make do with meds and they've kept me on the level well enough so I can work and enjoy life to an okay degree. I'd be a train wreck without them.

Actually my family has been the worst to me, not friends or people who know me less. 




 I think I like law more as an academic subject. I just don't think I'll enjoy working 12 hours a day, barely getting any sleep, stressed beyond imagination, to get a brief done, etc. It seems like work never ends for lawyers. Some people are cut out for this kind of challenge but I'm finding out I'm not quite that sort of person. 




 Thought I would be a lawyer by now (age 26) or on my way to be one. I do work with law but am not a lawyer, nor am I sure if I want to be one anymore. It's not the end of my life but I do feel hollow after losing a goal I was following for more than 10 years. I don't know what to do with life and feel like I should've felt this way back in high school. 




 Already did. She kicked ass. 




 Now that I think about it that's true lol. I think I got sad because I was thinking of my own grandma. 




 I don't know you but I'm proud of you and happy for you. Congrats!! 




 Yeah I think Uma Thurman was a great choice for Poison Ivy. Her lines were the main problem. "Curses!" 




 I love his meltdown in that review so much. 




 Is it the one where the initially grumpy grandma sacrifies hereself to save the family? I watched the movie as a kid and that scene made me so sad.

Also the teenager couple all bloated in the searing hot springs traumatized me. 




 I'm sorry you can't act on how you really feel. Even though I wish you could date someone you find sexually attractive, I think you're wonderful for valuing the life you have. You have my respect and admiration. 




 [Oasis - Part of the queue](http://youtu.be/zq0DldWTXdA)

"I fall down, heaven won't help me; I call out, no one would hear. ... Every beginning is breaking its promise, I'm having trouble just finding my soul in this town" 




 Same here. I hope it has wifi though. 




 Even though that part was necessary to create tension among the women later on I hated it as well. It felt so dragged out. 




 I don't find tbbt funny but I feel like it's because I'm not smart enough to understand the jokes. My nuclear physicist friend loves that show... 




 The obligatory GoT reference: pillage me, the Great Stallion. 




 Congrats! I love that mom is holding her kitties close to her in the first pic. So much love. 




 That's surprising and good to hear. My siamese x turkish angora x tabby sheds so much fur even though his hair isn't that long. Perhaps the shedding is inversely proportionate to the length? Haha

Anyhoo your fluffy kitty is lovely♥ 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/futurama/comments/2j1kzc/i_meet_president_nixon_yesterday_at_ny_comic_con/

On mobile, please excuse the long url. 




 The funny thing is that it was one of the top posts that day. :s Only his comments within were downvoted. 




 I have no idea why I'm doing the master's program and it's costing me five grand a term. I feel like I'm sticking to just so that I can add another line to my resume -- which I despise. Working during the day and studying at night exhaust me. 




 Edit: saw the context below. Unfortunately you were wrong. 




 There was a guy who posted a photo of his cosplay on the Futurama subreddit. His comments in the thread were downvoted because his hair didn't look like Fry's. Granted it didn't bear much resemblance, but he had at least put effort into putting the costume together. He wasn't toxic to haters either. I didn't understand at all why he was downvoted.  




 Hardware replacement required. Please contact your local technician. 




 You are an awesome dad/mom. Just wanted you to know. 




 10/10 aftercare customer service 




 Choosing to take beginner to intermediate econ courses in university.

I had planned on majoring it (convinced by my dad) so I took the pre-req's. I'm glad I learned the basics of economics but I performed poorly and ended up majoring in something else. My overall GPA suffered a lot. 




 "What's it like to live in Canada?"

I'm working abroad and I miss home every single day.I love being asked about it. 




 Did you really take away all happiness from my life because I asked for straight A's in my last year of high school in exchange of it?

I mean I made the offer so I guess I shouldn't complain, but that's really been the case for the last 7 years. I'm really curious. 




 Now you know what I've been going through. 




 I'm a lapsed Catholic and I'm sympathetic to both religious/atheistic sides. One of the things that Reddit does and makes me sad is extreme hatred to anyone who believes in the existence of a God. Sure if that person is forcing others to follow his belief that should be pointed out but if faith helps that person be better, live a good life, treat others well, etc. why not just embrace the fact that a religion can do some good? :s 




 My god I'm so happy it turned out great! I was holding my breath as I read your post. What I came to understand from my univ experience is that most profs really want to see you do well and if something is out of character they do catch on. I hope you get that A you deserve! :D 




 I've despised Justin Timberlake for years because he makes so many girls swoon and has that playful, cocky as fuck attitude but actually I lust after him in secret. DON'T TELL ANYONE INTERNET 




 The point is that they think it's okay because it "dries" = no harm done. It's a ridiculous argument. 




 Coca cola itself is probably not gonna happen because it's blatant advertisement, but I do want Voli to have some sort of drink in his hand as he chases after champs! That would be majestic. 
























 Probably not as devastating or terrible as some... but I found out my mom regrets marrying my dad whereas my dad does not. He's not a terrible person per se; just very stubborn.

I knew their marriage wasn't perfect but to hear her actually say that was a bit disheartening. 




 Very lucky. As much as there's a lot of shit going on in my life, I've been incredibly lucky that my hard work paid off when it needed to. 




 Yeah I don't understand either. I thought this was a cute post. And a lot of people clearly agreed since it got to the front page.

Edit: You don't like this because of FB qualities. Point taken. 




 What a pretty pattern. Man that fish is a better artist than I! 




 From the thumbnail alone I saw the inside of the ears as red eyes and the face as an open mouth. I was so confused why this was on awwducational 




 "I'm not a racist but it's time for dinner"

"YOU HYPOCRITE" 




 Put that cookie down! 




 "Very poor choice of words." 




 I admire you for being the bigger person. I think I'd be consumed with rage and bitterness if someone did that to me. Hope you find a great guy that deserves you! 




 "lol sry bro, got so many prompts and must have clicked yes by mistake." 




 I'm sorry you had to go through that kind of shit. Just reading your comment broke my heart; I can't even imagine how difficult it must have been for you. But looks like you have great kids. Best of luck to you. 




 Being dismissive of people who hold jobs that pay less.

I went on a blind date with a guy who was really full of himself. He was also a hard worker so I could kind of see why he was so proud of his achievements, and I tried to be understanding. But then he said something like "you know how bus drivers are, they're uneducated and grumpy." That drew the line for me. Didn't even want to be just friends with the guy afterwards. 




 I really wanted to finish Cthulhu: Dark Corners of the Earth but I was too much of a wuss. Survived the Attack of Fishmen chapter, didn't have the energy to continue. I think I would've had more fun if I had my friends over to play it with me. 




 Same here. That Let it Go song made me sick of the movie even before I watched it. 




 What defines "nice"? This is probably an extreme example but I'm sure Hitler was a pretty nice person to people who blindly followed him. 

IIRC Louis mentioned that implying that they weren't nut jobs when they were going on about their daily routine. They did have a "normal" side to them, loving their family and enjoying little things in life, but it pales next to what they believe and how they act on such beliefs. 

My heart goes out to former WBC members, but I find it hard to believe those who stay there and choose to spread hate can be deemed "nice". 




 It's pretty amazing how most people in the ROK are skinny to slim when they offer fattening food like this. I have the Korean genes but I wasn't born with that kind of "eat whatever the hell I want but stay skinny". 




 I think the sight of something can make someone feel "neugul" / nauseous. I agree food itself should be described as "neuki" / greasy. 




 Paper fresh out of a photocopier, all warm.

It's kind of disconcerting when it's in tens or hundreds of pages and I have to work on it, but it still has a peculiar smell I find pleasing. 




 How *you* doing? (a la Joey) 




 I like the faction idea, but yeah I wouldn't buy monthly subscriptions either. It'll probably make me feel like I *have* to play the game as much as possible as opposed to just making me want to play whenever. That's too bad. 




 "love don't make things nice - it ruins everything. It breaks your heart. It makes things a mess. We aren't here to make things perfect. The snowflakes are perfect. The stars are perfect. Not us. Not us! We are here to ruin ourselves and to break our hearts and love the wrong people and die. The storybooks are bullshit." - from Moonstruck.

Not particularly cute but something about this resonated with me. Love makes us unreasonable, at times insane, and the lines seem to capture that perfectly. 




 One time back in university years I thought this server at my fave restaurant was pretty cute. I left him my number in a post-it with my check. Never heard back from him so I stopped going there for several months out of embarrassment. 




 Oh yeah, watching it would be fun. I'm not particularly good at PvP so :p

I guess Skyrim Online doesn't have this? I haven't tried it out. 




 I would love this as well except I'm not sure how it could be a competition. PvP? Things would come down to the issue of who has better items and not skills. 




 Actually it doesn't exactly apply to other people who hold the same position as I do. I was extremely lucky.

I'm isolated from the rest of my colleagues (who work together in one room with cubicles, where I once worked as well) and even though technically I could, I would feel too self-conscious to do whatever I want. Right now I share my office with one colleague who is not my supervisor so anything goes. I receive assignments via email or phone calls so people giving me work rarely see me in person. 




 Yup, shit vs. the shit doesn't make much sense to me either. 




 I don't know how that phrase was coined but I always imagined a giant cookie merrily rolling on the road... 




 I can pretty much do anything I want at the office as long as I get my job done in time. I've watched movies, played the League, blogged, taken a nap, etc. 




 I absolutely love that series. I really have to commend him for tolerating them and trying out their way of life even though he (like the rest of us) cannot comprehend what drives them to be so hateful. I would've been really tempted to just quit midway. I don't have that kind of patience. 




 I really love the retro style! 




 I fucking love naan. I don't usually use expletives in expressing my love for food but goddamn I love it so much. Yours looks superb! 




 I'm not British but this looks like a "u wot m8" situation... 




 "Look at me. You will pick me. You will serve me for eternity." 




 That's what I thought too, like using the flag as a cape. 




 Was afraid this might have a bad ending. Congratulations! 




 Goddamn I hate it when people do that. For some, common decency just doesn't seem to exist. :( But it's good to see that this hasn't discouraged you from helping others. I think I would have called it quits easily myself. Though I don't smoke, I know a lot of people who would benefit from this and I thank you for continuing to help. 




 I think they're okay too. I don't like every song they make, but a lot of the songs in All the Right Reasons were pretty decent. 




 Actually this makes me happy for you. 




 Same here 2, also Canadian 




 Oh I didn't know that. Thanks, I'll check it out. 




 He's a giant dick now thanks to radiation poisoning. 




 Sorry you had to deal with those assholes. 




 Watching my grandpa's coffin being rolled into the crematorium.

Obviously I didn't see the oven. We said our goodbyes before the gate that led to the oven chamber. But I didn't expect them to bring out the remains before our eyes and then show us the grounding procedure. 

That felt surreal. 




 I imagine a slightly smaller one with a little surprise from John Doe. 




 Descent. The last woman probably didn't make it out of the cave. ... Probably. 




 It's kind of like sharks that would bite you to death and then say "oh, dude, sorry, I thought you were a seal. I'm... I'm so sorry." 




 Teleportation spell from Diablo II. I'll have to wave my arms like crazy though if I want to get to work from home, given the fact that I can only teleport to a location within my sight. 




 I would love this, except I wonder if I'll remember that I loaded the old save file? I don't think I can take most out of learning from my mistakes all that much if I forget... 




 Also I'd rather not feeling anything, so this sounds like a winner for me. 




 And I hear networking is really important in BDSM. 




 The way things turned out after Scar was put in charge was tad disappointing. The typical good people (Simba's.mom,.etc) suffering is predictable but even Scar and the hyenas had little to eat. Thought he was smarter than that. HE IS JEREMY IRONS. COME ON DISNEY 




 Do you enjoy it? 




 Hey Paul! 




 I think that's an excellent point worth digging into. But in the end he set his weapon loose to wreak havoc and tried to profit from it. I wouldve been more sympathetic about Syndrome's good boy gone bad personality otherwise. 




 Me me me me me 




 Glad I'm not alone in having hots for Bear Grylls. ♥ 




 I love the varying degrees of Cheese shades. Must they all squeeze themselves in there together? 3 They just know how to be cute, don't they. 




 Just like everyone here I think you found your look! It looks awesome. Also thanks for donating that luscious lock of yours. :D 




 They operate on a reservation basis? Must be really popular. Thanks for the info. Will check it out.  




 I wasn't surprised by this. I knew something was up :'( Hope things turn out for the better for both of you. I'm sure he's a fighter inside. 




 That's beautiful! Such detail. Consider submitting it to the Fight Club FB fan page. More people need to see this! 




 "Dude are you sure this is how it's done?" 




 I was going to say "can't wait for her to settle in and dominate the house" but it seems like the job is already done. Thanks for bringing her to safety! :) 




 Back when the Internet was still a new thing (Windows 95-98 era, I think) I saw that my computer was in danger, infested with malware and this nice company offered a program for just 49.95 to get rid of them.

I was like ten. I was afraid. 




 Totally. Same goes for carrots, onions, pretty much all vegetables.

I still hate beans though... 




 Yeah, makes sense. I myself am pretty much addicted to coke zero so I'll take the offer nine times out of ten. Non perishables or things you use on a daily basis at a large quantity, also understandable.

I guess I should've clarified in my original comment that I was thinking more along the line of clothes. 




 I'm sure Canada is still in Top 3 of the most polite countries... If not, then I do apologize in advance. 




 "Yeah. When we're done with it!" 




 I got my mom (in her 50s) into the trilogy and it's become an annual thing for us. Back in university we'd pick a week in the winter break and do the LOTR marathon.

Of course by watching I mean talking over all the scenes because we know what happens and just want to nitpick the detail. 




 Not very NSFW but I used to take screenshots of the Sims 2 and make comics. Also created clothing items. I'm pretty sure this was the major factor in bringing down my undergrad GPA. I should be ashamed of putting so much effort and time into doing something like that but I was happy doing it. Good memories... just had lasting repercussions. 




 Buying things whenever you see "up to __% off" or "2 for 1" sale.

If they had been meaning to buy those particular products, sure, but buying stuff just because it's on sale is pretty silly.

I give this as an example because I used to be like this when I was younger... What a fool I was.

Edit: typo 




 Wha...? This is some Disney teen movie stuff right here. Who does that? Jesus christ. Sorry you had to endure that :( 




 Well it's not like Frey needed another reason to be called a scumbag... 




 Brownie points for being a cat person. Not that he'd need any... 




 I remember installing Prince of Persia 2 from larger floppy disks (5-something inch ones). There were like ten of them! Now I can carry around 64gbs in my cell phone charm... All that progress in less than 30 years. 




 You captured each movement so perfectly! *resist making a pun*

This would make a really great sticker series 3

Edit: Just found out you only ship within the US :( Too bad. 




 You must make a calendar of her... She's beautiful! 









 I do want to see more of Futurama. People say the Simpsons has gone way past its prime and should have ended a long time ago but I still find the series endearing and funny. I'll probably feel the same way about Futurama if it is rebooted yet again. 




 "What are you, gay?" The phrase it self is totally dull but the context was flawless. A close second would be the one about how the spirit is willing but the body is spongy and bruised. :p 




 Awww they're made for each other. I can't wait for them to conceive a twisted hell spawn!

Man each time I post a comment here I'm typing things I thought I never would... 




 Wow I'm late to the thread and probably (and hopefully) you feel better by the time you read my comment but fuck that woman. Even if she was a super model she wouldn't have any right to say that kind of thing to anyone. I'm sorry you had the misfortune of crossing paths with that kind of nut job. :( 




 My usual course of action in this case is to murder the wife... welp this is a sentence I thought I'd never type. Thanks CK2! 




 Lol it seems like that's when Tom swung by Korea. He also starred in the Korean SNL and did some weird shit. Gotta love a hot guy with a sense of humour and Oxford accent 3 




 Seriously though. I want to know as well 




 MY GOD first of all the cherries look great! The kisses decoration is so well-done. It's something I'd never pull off. Well done! 




 Man once I get a taste of that I'll probably want exclusively that burger. 




 I'm relieved it's about excitement. He'll be thrilled!

I just hope he doesn't sell the tv to get you a present a la the gift of maji haha 




 I don't know... I would think the person was trying to befriend me if someone stuck an arrow in me and set me on fire... 




 "How come you have to shower so often? WHY ARE THEY PUNISHING YOU"

unless she likes water. 




 Hello from a fellow Canadian! I only got to stay five days or so in Montreal but I loved food there in general! Wish I could visit your shop... 




 Did you make the costume yourself? It's spot on! 




 "Is it me?" *raises one eyebrow* 




 I'm glad she met you! Hope she gets to run around soon and play with your kids. That'd be an adorable sight. 




 Sure you say that NOW 




 Didn't realize I'm part of that 1%! 




 Chocolate beans! 




 I'm so sorry you lost him... And he was so young :( But I suppose he'll stay young in the kitty heaven forever, teasing other older companions. RIP beautiful Mr. Boots. 




 Is she Siberian?? She does look like a princess! 




 Must. Resist. Petting. the Monitor... 




 Sweet mother of God a Tuxedo 3 She's gorgeous. And I love it when a cat and a dog become friends. Consider posting pics of her in /r/cats! 




 I love the detail on Slurm! Each figure looks like it would make a great keychain or necklace. wish i had this kind of talent! 




 I read the last part In Moe's voice automatically 
























 I see. Thanks for explaining it to me in detail. I already got the feeling that what I mentioned wouldn't be a big issue as there were no precedents.

My undergrad major was English literature but right now I'm enrolled in a law-related grad school program and studying intellectual property law. Students vary from lawyers to people like me, who have no prior knowledge of the discipline. Classes are scheduled in the evening (the program is designed for people working full-time) and each subject has only one class every other week so it's been difficult to take in all the material -- not to mention no subject thus far tackled my question here.

But thank you, your response cleared things up. 




 As someone who can barely cook eggs I appreciate the artistry. 




 FIRMLY GRASP IT 




 TIL. I also thought of edible crackers and didn't understand why it was pejorative... I thought it was cute. But now I know the truth... :( 




 She's got talent! May we expect another character next year? :D 




 So many good lines. It's hard to pick just one. 




 Man this seems trivial to all the others here.

I have a lot of work to do and an assignment due pretty soon for my night-time grad school. I don't even know what I'm doing in that program; I feel like I don't retain anything and I'm just wasting money and time. 




 I'm also clinically depressed. I have it more or less under control with meds but sometimes I wish I didn't exist.

Let's hope better days will come soon and light will appear in the fog. 




 Have you checked out Nostalgia Critic's review of the movie? 




 Happy Gilmore.

I know Adam Sandler's movies have gotten unbearable lately and when you think about it even the good ones in the past are the product of the same formula, but Happy Gilmore makes me laugh. Probably because when I watched it for the first time as a kid I was having the best night ever with my aunts. And my parents (avid golfers) always say they're so tempted to act like Happy Gilmore in the field. 




 While he got the award *SPOILERS* only because three other people that were nominated for the award got killed, but that still means he's in Top 4 so yes, he's really come a long way! 




 I don't know why you received one downvote. I thought the same thing. I upvoted to bring balance to the universe. 




 "I TRUSTED YOU..." 




 Wow. I feel like giving him a little jedi costume. He seems very, very wise. I'd call him cute, but I'm afraid he'll be offended and scold me :p 




 I'm so sorry you lost him... I can't imagine how difficult it must be. I'm sending you a lot of internet hugs... I hope his siblings give you some solace. 




 His... err, feet? legs? are really long! I thought mine had them long... incomparable to Kirby's. Look at that tummy 3 




 D'awwww Pancake is so pretty. I love the color! It's like cats' equivalent of strawberry blonde. 




 Is he called Vin Diesel because he won't listen to his agent?

Joking aside, he is one gorgeous kitty. 




 "I will smother you in your sleep..." 

But at least s/he is keeping the santa hat on. Mine would toss it and proceed to scratch my hands in retaliation. 




 Now you move a bit over... nyeah...

And you move a little bit over... nyeah...

And I squeeze in between like... nyeah... 




 Dear fairies, I surrender. ♥ 




 What's really perplexing for me is the fact that I can play a few matches without any problem and then bam the firewall issue hits. Why?? What happened in the last 40 minutes?

I wish there were some kind of signals that my teammates get when I'm desperately trying to reconnect so at least they know I'm not just off somewhere, completely ignoring how I'm ruining other people's game. 




 This is fantastic! I tremble at the thought of the new malph coming at me with his ult. 




 It hits me that I've been playing this game too long when I find Cho and Kog adorable. Now RekSai made my list thanks to you :D I wonder what her lines would be? Cho's "QUIETTTT" always cracks me up so much. 




 For a second I thought he was standing on top of the pride rock with his mane blowing in the wind. He's already so handsome but I figure he'll be even more gorgeous as he matures! Hope to see more of his photos soon :D 




 That's actually adorable. I'm trying to imagine what you would've said for Draven... 




 Me too. Especially because I could collect all champs and runes with IP alone if O had the patience!

Now I rationalize my spendiny by thinking that riot gave me an awesome game and I'm only appreciating their hard work. 




 No way my Cait has a flat butt!  :( 
Isn't she pretty decent in the sheriff and arctic warfare models? 




 Same, I was just dropped and all teammates dc'd around the time I did :s 

I can't log back in. 




 From the thumbnail I thought the photo was surely rotated clockwise... Nature never ceases to amaze me. 




 Oh yeah, completely forgot about Drake and Baron! I do like his relatively high sustain and slow with e but he seemed (at least to me) to be lacking in offensive powers before. I guess they could be made up by other laners. Looks like Nunu will make a comeback :) 




 Thanks for a detailed response! I'm playing from Korea so the distance is the main issue. I didn't have a lot of ping problem in S3 - early S4 (stable 150-180 range.) And since I'm using a cable and have no siblings or family members that download lots of porn (or anything big) I think I can rule that out.

I'll look into the VPNs you mentioned! :)

Edit: I tried out Pingzapper and they didn't allow me to run the League with a trial version so I purchased the cheapest package to see if it works. I gave it a go at work and it seems to cause firewall-related problems. It did have an option to bypass security, but it didn't work. I will try the program again later at home. 




 My friend usually gets something similar (150-200). I'm playing from Korea I've made peace with that, but ping increased after a certain patch (around the time of Jinx update I think) and seems to stay there.

And I'm using a cable. 




 I've been having a pretty high ping while playing the League. I am playing abroad but I usually got 130-180 ping. Now it's closer to 200 and sometimes I get lag spikes and reach 400-1000.

I've read about programs that reduce ping but am a bit skeptical. Any advice? 




 How..? My brain cannot comprehend the craftsmanship involved since I can barely knit. Great job! 




 He looks like he got this life thing figured out.  




 How does he function against the traditionally popular jgrs like ww or khaz? I feel like he doesn't have a lot of offensive moves and they can easily counterjg. 




 It would be great if the mystery skin mechanism took into account the most played champs... but I guess that defeats the purpose of mystery. I have a commander Kat and I'm horrible with her.  




 That. Is. Awesome. Extra points for securing the ornaments twice. I knew the white tree was special but didn't occur to me that it was ocean themed! 




 I don't object at all, but I do find partially clothed men a bit sexier. Loose dress shirt collar or shirt-off entirely, that sort of thing.  




 What little explorers! And hats off to you for daring to have that kind of pretty tree with felines present. 




 He has a habit of sucking his arm and imitates the nursing pose as he did with his mom. He's now almost 10 years old. It's the only time he ever purrs and whenever he does it he grabs my arm, feet, etc. His claws are pretty strong and they hurt like hell. 




 It was worth it 




 Dominant male persona. I hate dealing with macho types when working but in bed it's a different story. I've also asked my boyfriend to pin me down during sex, like holding me down by the wrists. Of course all these things must be done with someone I'm really comfortable with (i.e. bf). 




 Thank you. I'm working abroad and seeing this makes me want to cry. I miss Van so much. 




 Fluffy♥♥ 




 So if he became a judge he would be Justice Justice Joslin? 




 I too believed his shadow was added later. Kudos to you for going through all this trouble to find the truth! 




 I don't care what others said; he sounds a very sweet person. 




 I can't see much but my heart goes out to you guys. I hope Tux warms up to Sam and they get to be best buddies 3 




 I love your drawing style! Will definitely follow that link to tumblr. Keep'em coming please! 




 IIRC he learned fast but the proficiency was not just at the level of the native speaker so he had to be dubbed, but because he took time to learn the language the dubbing process went much more smoothly. But yeah either way his performance was awesome! 




 Wouldn't know about snow, but I definitely agree with the hot tub thing. It sounds sexy but like you said the lube is gone and we're kind of splashing in a tub against water resistance. On top of that part of me outside the tub is kind of getting cold. So yeah not the greatest thing IRL. 




 I rejected a guy in high school and he called my mom (during school hours) to tell her that I was making his life a living hell, that I was being disrespectful towards his mom (we crossed paths in an open house event; I kind of turned my head the other way because she knew about my rejection and I thought things would be awkward.)

I later confronted him and at first he lied to me and said he was just saying hi to my mom. I called him out on being a liar and being so immature about the whole mess (we were 17/18 respectively). He ground his fist against the wall like he wanted to punch me. I really wanted him to, so I could punch back, but he never did. I spent my entire Gr.11 fantasizing a grabbing a chair and bludgeoning him to death. 




 He cracked me up so much in The Invention of Lying. Made me want to punch him too -- but that's just evidence of good acting, I presume. 




 The movie came out when I was in high school and learning Spanish, and I read that you learned Spanish to fit the role. I really admire the dedication! It couldn't have been easy. 




 Well the imgur name was TheOtterGuy 




 The crust! I honestly don't get why crust gets so little love. It's equally delicious! 




 I stand corrected. Also happy cake day! 




 Princess Bananahammock 




 I'm ashamed to say I didn't recognize him until you said his Heroes name. Delish. 




 Fry what have you done?! your hair is all different-y! 




 I actually had no idea what Steam was before buying Skyrim. I bought the DVD as soon as it came out and when it was installing Steam I was like: DAFUQ IS THIS SHIT? Needless to say I'm in love with Steam now.

I bought the GOTY edition for Oblivion and it came with a map of Cyrodiil. That was awesome. 




 [I will personally kill you, and eat your entrails on my tummy!](http://imgur.com/hQsv6Xd) 




 I can't imagine the amount of concentration put into this work. Well done!

As for me, I would make maybe about one rose really badly, get frustrated, and then just pile them on top of each other without any artistry. 




 S/he can mock me all day long. Such a cutie. I love how cats have unique face masks of their own! 




 I can feel the fluffiness beyond my cellphone screen. My cat's gonna be hugged extra hard when I get home.♥ 




 Aww :( Luckily I can't even tell they were once hurt. You guys must have taken real good care of him3 




 Unfortunately no. But reddit is full of gifted artists! Perhaps there's a sub where you can make a request? 




 Move to the ROK, where the Internet is super fast but ridden with Active Xs. 




 I'm sorry you lost him op. I'm sure he is now in a place where the wireless connection flaunts light speed and there is no loading screen. 




 I'm sorry he's no longer with you. He looks magnificent using that mailbox as his pride rock. Wonder if the post officer was terrified/happy to approach him? 




 "My eyes precipitate at the very thought of you having to drag yourself to work." :D 




 Yay another pic of Sherlock!

I have to be honest though, he seems wayyy sweet and snuggly for a Sherlock. I hope he develops *character* as he matures. :p 




 He (she?) would make a great protagonist in a cartoon series. Look at that expression on his face! It has... depth. 




 Do they also fight to the death during the day? I love it when they pounce on each other like hell and then snuggle so dearly like nothing happened. I know it's play fight, but man, those fights can be intense. 




 You and your boyfriend rock!

Look at those pink jellies 3 My cat has cocoa jelly beans but I have a weak spot for pink paws and white socks. 




 He is adorable... I would have cried if I had to part with him! Hope his new family takes good care of him as you did. 




 This has "photoshop battle" written all over it! 




 Though not American (but Canadian, so hey neighbour!), I agree with this comment. 









 I should really use this phrase. It adds a little extra to the original. 




 Thanks for keeping him safe until he found his family! Hopefully the new family could send you some pictures later? 




 I don't blame you. In fact, I'm sure I'll end up doing the same thing. I can't imagine growing attached to them only to have to send them away. I'm sure serving the kitties is tough, but I envy you so much for being in the company of such gorgeous kitties! My cat sure could use a buddy but bringing in another cat is just not in the cards right now. 




 You should make a screentshot comic out of him(her?). Sounds hysterical. I imagine a giant Nord dude squatting down trying to pickpocket a wood elf. 




 Now all he needs is a Watson! Thanks for taking care of him (presumably him, given the name?) 




 Any mode featuring poros predominantly is fine by me! I can't wait to see a giant King poro. 




 This won't probably mean a whole lot coming from a stranger, but it's not your fault. It's extremely unfortunate you lost her that way. Hugs. 




 Good on you for stepping out of the comfort zone. Hope she calls you back! 




 Trying really hard to imagine what "using hair as puppets" might look like. 
She sounds like a very sweet person! 




 I think I'll endure the pain for the millisecond of fluffy goodness. 




 Prison Architect :) 




 So funny, I was about to link the same Oatmeal! 




 Fight Club.

It's been a while since I read it, but to me the book seemed more like a stream of consciousness. It must've been pretty difficult to set up a more linear storyline appropriate for a movie, and Fincher did a fantastic job. 




 Yeah, when I first saw it I was dismayed by some changes, but now that I look back on it those cuts were necessary. If I could change one thing though, I'd bring back the original Shire showdown. 




 Homer Simpson despite the sex differences.

A chubby guy who doesn't know much about his work but has been on amazing adventures, well-liked by most people, married the woman of his dreams, etc. Also given the progress and life span of the series I'm quite certain he's immortal. 




 What's his/her name? So adorable! 




 I love the expression on his/her face. "Calm the fuck down." 




 In my first (relatively) successful escape I got stuck in the gate that was supposed to block the monster off. It was unable to hurt me but I was stuck and couldn't move at all. I just lost the will to continue :( 




 I think that was sarcasm. 




 Reminds me of Misfits! 




 I see. In that case I guess I could see why it would be displeasing to some. Still I doubt it justifies all the hate this man is getting. 




 Also working against water resistance isn't all that fun. 
























