 Haha and the best thing to do is just keep going on like nothing happened so everyone is all like http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/watch-out-we-got-a-badass-over-here-meme.png 




 Bit different but I'm a soccer player and have some pretty decent ball/foot skills and I once dropped a glass and managed to save it on my foot and flick it back up made me feel pretty badass too. 




 Sailor Moon 




 Should be a new meme, Shit Cunt Craig, bones your girlfriend then takes you both to the movies -_- tough break man 
























 Im just saying its not okay for guys to force themselves onto girls and if thats what happened it should be reported and he should be punished for doing it not oh she was drunk so it was okay.. its not okay ever.. And if thats what happened it would put the OPs mind to rest about his trust for her knowing what happened. OP I hope you can sort it out but its a horrible position to be in :(  




 So its okay for her to be pressured into sleeping with the guy? I'm not saying that's what happened, I'm just trying to work out if she was taken advantage of, or if she cheated at her own will.. He doesn't have to beat the guy he can just threaten to report it to the cops and see what the girls thinks about that maybe she was forced and was too scared to say anything the whole thing seems odd to me. 




 Good I hope it all works out for you which ever way the story unfolds its just for the time being and things will get better in the future. Good luck!  




 I would beat the shit out of the girls brother then tell her your gonna take him to the cops for sexual assault and see if she sticks to her side of the story? Otherwise if she backs out she made the decision to cheat on you and this will never leave your mind.. 
























 Haha, amazing 




 Wow nice car, would love one of these one day but soo much $$ in the land down under haha 




 But maybe if you could go back to the new 12 year old you might tell yourself to try different things don't stick to one? Don't mean to offend just a curious thought :) 0_o 




 Care to share you're story? I am one who wishes to serve and looks up to people with the bravery and courage you show.. 
























 WOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW 









 It is indeed. 




 Hi Scarlett and Oliver 
























