




  There is a significant difference in the interpretation of scientific studies when compared with the desired

Scientific studies do seem to work in terms of statistical significance, as the article says a sleeping pill such as Rozerem makes you fall asleep ~15 minutes quicker and makes you sleep for 20 minutes longer. Considering the potential side affects of the morning hangover and addiction that would seem to be a small benefit. Why do you disagree with this? 




 I sometimes find that I am similar. If I get a good nights sleep then I seem to be punished for it the next day by being awake for about 24 hours even if I am tired after 18.

I am currently trying Magnesium Citrate and 5-HTP which are showing some early signs of being useful, have you tried those? 






















































 Thanks. I had heard a theory that if you already have enough serotonin then neither 5-HTP nor l-tryptophan will help. In fact if they convert to  serotonin then you may end up with too much and not be able to sleep, hence causing insomnia. I guess it works for some and not others.  









 When I can't sleep I find that I MUST get out of bed for a while or I will just lie there awake all night long. CBT treatments will also recommend getting out of bed and going to another room so that you don't begin to associate bed with being awake. It is possible that you managed to get into a light sleep and were then woken up but light sleep on its own is not very refreshing. 

People who have sleep apnoea apparently find it hard to enter REM sleep. There is a possibility that is happening with you as you are unsure if you are sleeping or not. See if a partner ever notices you not breathing or snoring. If you snore and it stops for a while that can be an indication as well. 

I used to get music repeating around in my head - it is infuriating. I eventually got rid of it with a very silly sounding exercise. When ever I noticed it I would think 'STOP' and push the music to the outer reaches of my mind. It took a while (a few months?) for it to completely stop but I have not had that issue for years now.
 




 Has anyone tried these? My initial reactions are hopeful but I am the same with every new thing I try. They often fail within a few days suggesting that I am just getting the placebo effect due to the excitement. It would be good to hear from others who have experience or opinions. 




 You may want to try 5-HTP and or L-trytophran which are both available at health food shops. They both convert into Serotonin which is then converted into Melatonin at night. Commercial Melatonin comes from a cows brain and may not be as good as that produced by your own pineal gland. 5-HTP and L-T are the base building blocks of Melatonin and so may be better.

Commercial Melatonin is also very strong. A healthy adult male should produce about 5-25mg of Melatonin from the pineal gland. If you are taking 1 gram at night then that could be 40 times more than is expected. A book called "Reset Your Inner Clock" describes in layman's terms how having too much Melatonin in the blood when you wake up can shift your next nights sleep onset time by up to an hour. I would hypothesise that going to sleep too early may result in insomnia. cet.org are developing a micronized form of melatonin that mimics the natural cycle of melatonin produced by the pineal gland. Melatonin never worked for me - I am now trying 5-HTP and L-T but I am taking L-T in the afternoon as it seems to make to too buzzy if I take it just before bedtime. 

Are you sleeping now your parents are back?
 




 I saw a TV programme years ago about sleep paralysis. A lot of artwork from the 16-17th century depicted demons sitting on the chests of people lying in bed. That is derived from people experiences of sleep paralysis. 

There are two nodes at the base of the brain near the spinal cord that control waking and sleep. They are meant to act like a switch so that you are either awake or asleep. In people with sleep paralysis they both stay on, so the person is asleep but thinks their dreams are real. 

It sounds scary, I am glad I just seem to have insomnia and not that. Sorry not much use but I found that TV programme interesting - it has stuck with me for a decade or more now. 




 Magnesium is supposed to be a relaxant and I have found that seems to be useful over the last few days - that is all I have been taking it for. Magnesium Taurate is apparently the best absorbed but Magnesium Citrate is also meant to be good - Magnesium Oxide has a poor absorption rate. It apparently works by pulling Calcium out of the muscles which helps them to relax. If you are doing heavy lifting then it may help with the aches and pains and also help your mind relax. 

I also have also heard that Melatonin does not work for some people but does work for others. For those is does not work for then the base building blocks of 5-HTP and L-Tryptophan convert into Melatonin. I found that 5-HTP kept me awake at night and so I am taking it at lunchtime to increase Serotonin levels. Serotonin should then be converted into Melatonin at night. It is too early for me to know if this works for me yet.

All of those are sold in health stores as supplements and so may be useful. They are cheap to try and maybe you will have some luck with them. Good luck!

 




 Could you let me know why you think the article is 'bullshit content'? It looks at 9 scientific studies to form an opinion. You may disagree with the derived opinion but that doesn't make it a 'bullshit content'. If you think the quality is low then I would appreciate your reasoning as to why so that it may be improved. Thanks. 




  sting from a single source, but I do mind posting bullshit

Sorry, I am new to social sites and haven't figured out how to use them yet. I will try to take what you say on board. 
























 I tried for 2-weeks and then stopped as I decided to get tested for apnoea before trying SRT (yet) again. SRT can be brutal and I think a lot of people get anxious about it. A quote I liked from a book called 'The Effortless Sleep Method' is:

"If you are lucky enough to be referred to a sleep specialist, you may be unlucky enough to be advised to embark on a sleep restriction programme." 

I don't think sleepio can hurt in the long run as long as you don't kick yourself if you don't succeed at it. I am not sure that therapists know how difficult SRT is or the anxiety it can cause some people who don't have the willpower to stick with the programme. 




 Good luck kittenmitten. Can you not switch to another doctor if this one is an ass? 




 CBT-I seems to have up to 80% success rates as far as I read and it is well worth re-itterating it's success rates. I think you are also right that sleep forums in general are filled with hopelessness. People who solve their issues get on with their life and don't come back, leaving the forums with only people who have problems!

However I did read a small clinical study involving 5 people where 2 of them failed to be able to adhere to the SRT program. In both cases there cortisol levels increased just before they went to sleep. The study didn't suggest why it rose but I would hypothesise that they got anxious about having to sleep at a specific time.

I also read a book called 'The Effortless Sleep Method' and while I didn't like the 'faith healer' style of it I did contact the author as she had said in the book that many people fail using Sleep Restriction Therapy. When I emailed her she said she had 100's of emails from people who were upset that they couldn't stick to the program. 

I wrote more about this here: 

https://trackitude.com/article/sleep/sleep-restriction-therapy-for-insomnia-more-harm-than-good/

It is also worth remembering that physical problems can also cause sleep issues. Depression, vitamin/hormonal deficiencies or apnoea. If SRT doesn't work for you then push your doctor to get more and more tests done. Many doctors are dismissive of tiredness, so I generally advise taking a friend/family member with you to back you up.

Anyway, a great positive and helpful post - thanks. 









 I think aches and pains can be attributed to calcium build up in the muscles. Magnesium Citrate (500mg an hour before bed) or Taurate (not oxide) can potentially sort that out and can help regulate sleep, it is also usable for depression which also gives aches and pains. Do you also get little twitches in the muscles sometimes? They may be myoclonic jerks (often perfectly normal and possibly a throwback mechanism when we were monkeys living in trees) or to much calcium in the muscles. If you haven't already tried it then pick some up from Amazon or a health food shop. I have been taking it for about a week now and it makes a huge difference to me. Holy Basil (Tulsi extract) may also be useful. I really don't know much about these but my minimal reading so far suggests that they can help suppress cortisol levels. They are both a cheap and easy thing to try.

If it doesn't work then get to a doctor. If you are aching all over then it may be more serious. Maybe take a friend of family member with you who can testify that you have a problem so that they don't fob you off. I felt fobbed off for almost two decades.

Good luck, I hope it works for you.  




 It sounds like you are having a difficult time of things, I have been there as I am sure that many have. 

I have no idea why it came on 'suddenly' but I assume that you have had trouble sleeping for quite a while and it is the '3 days' with no sleep that has come on suddenly. It can be a long path to find something that works for you.

For me the problem seems to have been a magnesium deficiency but it is a little too early for me to be sure. Magnesium is linked to sleep problems, muscle aches and depression (which causes sleep problems). You may want to try Magnesium Citrate or Magnesium Taurate supplements (avoid Magnesium Oxide as it does not get absorbed very well). I take one 500mg supplement about an hour before I go to sleep. You can get them from health food shops or order from Amazon. I have read that you also need Calcium to help with Magnesium absorption but I think a lot of peoples diet are calcium rich and magnesium poor and so I don't take Calcium at the moment - you may want to bear that in mind though if the magnesium does not work on its own. I also take 600mg of Valarian root and Holy Basil (Tulsi extract) at the moment. For me the difference is extreme - I hope it is for you as well.

Some people will also take Melatonin. If that doesn't work then you can try the base building blocks of Melatonin which are 5-HTP and L-tryptophan. They form a chain so that L-tryptophan makes 5-HTP which makes Serotonin which makes Melatonin. Experiment with each walking deeper down the chain if the one above fails. Some people have reported that Melatonin does not work for them but 5-HTP does. 

If you do not get enough light then that could interfere with your circadian rhythm. Try to go outside in your normal subjective morning (whatever time you used to wake up when you felt OK) for 30 minutes. I know this can be difficult if you are very tired but humans developed near equator where the day length is long and sun is very bright. You can also use a light box if you can get hold of one (£150 for a Philips GoLite which is quite good - is linked to age-related macular degeneration though over long periods)

Don't try to do too many of these things at once as it can be overwhelming to try everything, and expensive. I would try one at a time to see what does and does not work. Start with the supplements as they are easy.

Also chat with parents/tutors/doctors that you trust and let them know that you are having trouble. It doesn't do any good to try to fix this all on your own. Close family should try to understand if they are good but I have heard that some can be nasty and unhelpful. 

Good luck, I hope you manage to start making progress soon.  




 My average is 5.42 hours a night this month, often broken and at unpredictable times.

I find that it is not the number of hours sleep that I get but how I feel when I wake up that is most important. Remember that you can get 9 hours and feel rotten or get 4.5 hours and feel pretty good some days.

 









 Thanks for posting the link as it is an interesting twist. 

Maybe I haven't thought about it enough but 'acceptance and commitment therapy' seems to have no underlying difference to CBT. They both try to make you relax. I am not even sure that the technique used is any different:

"[A]CT helps you see how futile it can be putting energy into trying to change the thoughts and feelings that crop up around sleep.

‘It teaches you to accept their presence and let them go, which in turn pushes you towards sleep.’"

CBT also tries to make you 'let go' and so I can't see any difference. Isn't this just a marketing gimmick?  
























 I am thinking about building my first rig to mine DarkCoin, but I am a little short on space. I have a couple of cupboards but neither of them has any air flowing through them and they have the following sizes:

* 3' by 3';
* 2' by 4'.

The rig will have 6 GigaByte 750TIi's and I am wondering about the heat and noise produced. 

The information I have found suggests that the heat will be about 650W. The noise will be about 40 decibels for each card - making a total of about 60 decibels for all the cards and PSU etc. 60 decibels is apparently about the same as a conversation going on about 5 foot away. 

The questions I have are:

* Is such a rig still worth building or am I a little late to the party? I am looking at speculation in the longer term (1-2 years) rather than immediate profit;

* Is the noise from such a rig annoying even in a closed cupboard? I am hoping for little more than an audible hum outside the cupboard and no noise in a bedroom 10ft away with two doors in-between;

* Would the heat would be a problem in such a cupboard?

Thank you!

 




 Yea, that is about the same for me as well. I was forced to start trying self employment about a decade ago due to insomnia. I just about scrape by but it is not good. After about 4 days of bad sleep I also have to have an afternoon nap or I am useless.  









 I haven't tried acupuncture yet but I did do some research into it as I was wondering if the expense could be justified. I wrote what I found out about it here:

https://trackitude.com/article/sleep/imsomnia-and-acupuncture-is-it-worth-the-money/

I won't be trying it just yet but there isn't much you can do with a stubborn problem other that to experiment. 

Your sleep pattern sounds a little like mine in that I would get up to 3-4 nights of half-reasonable sleep in a row and then it would suddenly drop out for no apparent reason. I had recently stopped taking Amitriptylene (Elavil) and things got a lot worse. I then restarted the Elavil along with magnesium which I started taking about 3 weeks ago. My sleep pattern hasn't improved much but my mood is far better and I can cope on the sleep I get. I think that the main thing that is working is the magnesium as I never felt so alert on just Elavil. If you haven't tried it then Magnesium may be worth a shot. Use either Magnesium Citrate or Taurate an hour before bed for a couple of weeks. Any extra Mg will pass out through the kidneys so as long as they are functioning OK there shouldn't be a problem. 60 capsules cost about £10 on Amazon so it is an easy and cheap option to try. I am not sure it will work with PTSD but you gotta keep trying things. I think that Mg works mostly for depression of which a secondary symptom is insomnia.

I assume you have spent time with a psychologist/counsellor to work through the PTSD issues, but if not then maybe that is worth a shot as well.

Good luck with the acupuncture, I hope it works for you and I would be interested in hearing the result.  




 www.housepricecrash.co.uk 

Lots of people over there are in a similar boat so you may feel at home. Some are very knowledgeable about the reasons for not buying at the moment. It is a shame that government is doing all it can to support the banks and hock people up past their eyeballs in debt. Good luck. 




 That does sound very strange for insomnia. Get another doc as advised as your one doesn't sounds very good. Did he give a plausible explanation? 

I wish reddit would send an email on comment replies. I have RSS but it is a pain to check for things that often never arrive. Sorry - off topic I know! 




 If you are never tired until 5:00am then it sounds like delayed sleep phase disorder. Wikipedia has a pretty good description of it if you haven't already read all about it. There is also a good book about treatment called "Reset your inner clock" by Michael Terman. He also produces a clinicians version that probably goes into far more excruciating detail that may be useful. See cet.org for it. It uses melatonin and light therapy to shift sleep patterns and claims to have had success shifting up to 8 hours in some people. He is also developing micronized melatonin which should work in the body the same as human melatonin. Commercial melatonin is far to strong for people with DSPD as it can shift sleep patterns further the next night. 

However, if you are tired but just can't sleep then that book probably won't be much use.

I wrote a small intro on DSPD and shifting sleep patterns that may be useful if you don't already know about it:

https://trackitude.com/article/sleep/for-some-the-promise-of-melatonin-is-broken/?cas=true

 




 That's good. The jarring effect is like something out of a horror movie or having your brain stuck in a blender.  




 If you are an adolescent then be aware that your natural sleep-onset time is probably later than most adults as your circadian rhythms get pushed ahead from when you were a child. Are you trying to go to sleep before you are tired?

If you are smoking weed then are you sure of its purity this time around? It can be cut with all sorts of crap (glass, brick dust, rat poison etc) and some of that may be giving you problems. Also if you are not smoking as much as you used to then one of the withdrawal effects in some people is insomnia.

For aches and pains then I think that magnesium can help some people. Try Magnesium oil and/or citrate from health food stores. It can also help with depression which can be a root cause of insomnia. 

However, as aherhjerherhaey you should talk to your doctor if your meds aren't working. 

Good luck. It doesn't sound like a lot of fun. 
























