 One more person in your support group is a major win by my standards. And now you know you have someone at work, on site, that cares enough to help you through it while you're there. Double bonus! 




 Don't ever apologize for how you feel, because then you're just apologizing for being honest. I have similar issues - I work at a minimum wage job and own a condo with my wife. She makes substantially more than me, so whenever I hand over whatever I can from my check (min wage/35 hours a week), I honestly feel like I'm not pulling my own weight, and that can definitely cause my depression to rear it's ugly head. What I'm currently doing is something you may want to consider yourself - consider your job options. Put together a resume, that actually helped me, because then I got to sit there and put down all my personal strengths and attributes - right there, on paper, for me to see. While you're working at this current job, try to set aside time when you're home to do a job search for maybe an hour or so. Basically, start taking steps out of the darkness you're in - even if you don't know where you're going, anywhere is better than where you are, and you can't find a light to guide you out unless you take at least one step in a direction - honestly, if you hate your job that much, any direction will do. Just start taking steps that put you on a path with a bit more light on it.

I really hope this finds you safe and well. 




 I can relate. I work in customer service at a gas-station, and because of some of our policies, I deal with a lot of blatant hostility. On top of that, I've suffered depression all my life - so waking up to face the day sometimes is almost more than I can handle. I'm not afraid to admit that some days, I wake up in tears because I just -do not want to go-. What I'm doing right now for my situation is exploring other job options, while showing up to work every day and telling myself one simple thing - "I can do this. I did this yesterday and the day before, I can do it today". As for your depression, find someone you can talk to who you can trust to take you seriously, if you haven't already. But as for today, I wish you the best of luck. 




 Agreed - as a fan of the genre myself, that does sound very metal. And as for what deertribe said, they're right. The sheer fact that you're acknowledging your depression and that it's effecting you in such a way is a step in the right direction. The fact that you chose to sit down and express yourself instead of suicide is a leap in the right direction. You obviously have a poetic touch, and I'd like to encourage it. Keep writing, whether you share it with people or not, keep writing. It's something that's helped throughout my life, and it's at least something worth exploring. 




 I work in customer service, so dealing with the public every day, we're expected to always be polite, courteous, and professional. If you haven't done customer service, then I can assure you - remaining polite, courteous, and professional while someone's literally screaming at you is... difficult. But I do it, because I need the damn job (for now). But being unable to express myself the way I would like to in those situations means I have to choke it down. Some days, when I get home, I find myself in the same situation - just wanting to cry. And sometimes, I do. And sometimes, it helps. But as for the emotions and thoughts that I'm actually suppressing, I do find it helpful to find someone I can trust and talk to. 




 I know what that's like. My reason for not wanting to wake and face the day is work - I work at a gas-station that sees a lot of business throughout the day, and two years ago corporate decided that we would start ID'ing -everyone- for alcohol/tobacco regardless of the customers age or frequency of visits (some people come in every day). Since then, I get up, go to work and check ID's - and deal with a lot of blatant hostility. Because I'm a skinny guy with long hair, every go-to insult is about my sexuality ("Skinny little..."), even though they know nothing about me other than my name, a physical description and where I work.

There have been a lot more nights since then that I've fallen asleep hoping that I don't wake the next day, and it sucks. Like you, I don't want to commit suicide, but I wouldn't mind just slipping into the void one night.

Hang in there. Keep fighting. You're worth it. I hope this helps. 




 Small victories are like grains of sand - a handful may not seem like much, but with enough handfuls you can fill a sandbox. With enough sandboxes, you can make a beach. 

View it like this - fighting against depression is like fighting a war. One victory isn't enough to win the entire war, but winning a battle will lead you one step closer.

And with that said - keep fighting. You're worth it. 




 Reaching out (like you're doing here) is a great start. I'm 31, and I've suffered from depression all my life, and like you, I've never really had the money to afford medical treatment. But what's always helped me is finding someone I can trust to listen to me and take me seriously - most of the time (for me, at least) just getting it off my chest was enough to at least spark a light to help guide me out of the darkness. Or, like shadowhermit suggested, find out if your campus has a counsellor, and talk to them. It's not a 'cure-all', but it's at least a start.

I hope this helps in some small way. 




 Losing family isn't easy by any standard, and it's not easy at any age. I recently lost my aunt to pancreatic cancer last month, with only 3 months between her diagnosis and the day she died. Seven years ago, I lost my uncle to lung cancer after he'd 'won' the battle 2 years prior. I lost my grandfather at 12, and I still remember to this day walking into his hospital room as he took his last breath.

I'm 31, and to this day, losing them and several friends throughout my life to automobile accidents, sickness and suicide still effects me. It's not something you ever truly 'get over', and when the wound of losing someone is fresh, there's nothing you can really 'do' for your family other then be there for them. When they talk, listen. When you have something to say, speak. As for feeling lost, I'm sorry, but that's only natural. Death is disorienting. What helped (and continues to help) me is keeping them in my memory, and continuing my own life in a way that I believe would honor their memory.

I'm sorry for your situation, and I hope this helps in some small way. 
























 If it helps, don't label it as "depression". Tell them what you're experiencing. Tell them you're sad more often than not, if that's how you feel. Tell them whatever depressive symptoms you may be experiencing, and tell them one simple thing - "I want help." Believe me, it scary admitting that to people you love. I told my parents at 16 about how I 'felt like ending it all', and that if I didn't get help soon, I was afraid I might actually try. When I confessed this to them, they opened up and showed me the love and support I needed, and got me to a doctor to help me begin understanding what I was going through. It's scary, yes, but you can do it. 




 My expected check out age was 21 - I'm 31 now. And honestly, for me, it's been a bit of a mixed bag. From 18 right up to 21, I was falling pretty deep into a drug addiction - which was going to be my intended way out. Whether it was the cocaine, the pills and alcohol, or hell, any other drug I was popping into my system at the time, I really didn't care how I went, I just wanted to go. What saved me was, as far as I'm concerned, was luck - at least in the beginning. I met the woman who would later become my wife. So happy ending, right? This is where it becomes that mixed bag I mentioned. Yes, I can say that I'm happy with my wife and how she supports me through my darkest moments. But having a check out date meant I didn't plan to have a future, which meant I never planned for my future. I didn't further my education (how I passed high school is still a mystery to me), I didn't seek a decent career, and now I'm stuck at a crap job making minimum wage. So... yeah, I'm happy with aspects of my life, but there other aspects that I wish I could've actually planned for and implemented. 




 I can relate. Now, I can't completely speak for how it is for you, but for me, it's because I'm aware of my depression, and out of my small group of friends, I'm really the only one who suffers from a clear case of depression - I was diagnosed clinically depressed when I was 16. My friends have all experienced depression at points in their lives, but to be depressed virtually -all- the time can be hell. Because here I am, sitting with them, laughing with them, joking with them... and all I can think is that they're genuinely happy, and I'm not. It makes me feel like I'm forcing it, faking it so that I can fit in, which begins that downward spiral into a darker mindset. If anything, I found that opening up to my friends about my depression, talking to them about it so that they understand that, 'Hey, [Echo] may be quieter than he usually is, but now that we know the reason, we understand and respect it.' My friends know that, sometimes when I go out with them, I may be in a bit of a slump, but because I can trust them to not judge me, I feel safe going places with them.

I don't know if this helps, but I hope it does. 




 That's one the ugliest things that depression can do to you - cause you to question everyone around you. But it's not you, it's the depression. It has a way of tricking your mind into thinking that no one cares, when in actuality, they may just be away, not have their phone on them, or possibly dealing with a situation of their own. But then again, there are the people out there who don't want to be around people who suffer from depression because they may be dealing with it on their own, they may not understand it, or - at the very worst, they may not really care. Start paying attention to the ones who DO respond, no matter how long it may take, and then mark the ones who NEVER respond - cull the herd as necessary. If they're NEVER there for you, they may not be the type of person you need in your life. They're potentially toxic, and what you need to do now is clear your mind and take care of yourself, with the help of those who care about you. And, sometimes it helps to -not- fight the urge to cry. Sometimes just getting it out helps. It helps me from time to time immensely. 




 Crying yourself to sleep is the equivalent of a sneeze being a symptom to a cold. You're sad, but you don't know why. Sometimes, that's unfortunately how depression works. I've more days than I'd like to count where I was doing fine, and then - out of nowhere, I just didn't want to be doing what I was doing, and would rather be at home curled up with a book and ignoring the world. Do a bit of soul-searching, explore for any causes that may be the underlying reason for your current sadness. If you have a friend you can trust and talk to, use them as a soundboard, maybe they'll be able to see something you don't because you're dealing with it all the time without even realizing it. That would be my suggestion, and I hope it helps, even if a little bit. 




 Agreed - and not just family, don't be afraid to ask your friends. Maybe one of them can help you out while you continue putting your life together. Sounds to me like you're doing quite a good job of it, you're just hitting a speed-bump in life. But remember, the climb to the top is difficult, but the view is worth it.

And if you truly are afraid of ending up homeless, do some research now - find shelters in your area and foodbanks. In fact - if your area of the world is anything like mine, foodbanks are amazing for the sheer fact you don't have to be homeless in order to step in line - I did a short bit of volunteer work at a foodbank in my town, and a lot of people were coming through for a free lunch simply because it helped free up funds.

But whatever you do, please don't give up. 




 Hopefully you find one someday. Don't give up hope just because you haven't found one yet. 




 Thank you for that. And I know it's hard to watch your mother cry - when my uncle and grandfather (her father) died, she was in tears almost constantly, which had me in tears constantly. So instead of talking, she just held me in her arms and we cried together. During this time of grief for your family, don't be afraid to show them that you're feeling it too. 




 I understand - my current job has destroyed my own ambition to work. I'd much rather just do as you're doing, curl up with something to watch or read, and just mentally slip away from the world. So this is another thing I've (trying) to get myself to do more and more - making paracord bracelets. As cheesy as that may sound, it gives me something to do, and when I'm finished, I feel a bit of accomplishment, because hey! I just made something.

I'm not saying go out and buy a bunch of paracord, but spend some of that time in your head exploring the idea of crafting something - draw, write, if you have an instrument you haven't picked up in forever, pick it up now and just fiddle with it. Do it for a bit a day, and maybe a bit longer a few days later. But what you need to do is get yourself out of this rut. And if it doesn't capture your interest, then set it down, and explore the idea of something else. Experiment. Find something that engages you, and start from there. 
























 Agreed. He's giving some good advice there. I was once an assistant manager at one of my jobs, and it was always the people who went that extra step that always got the benefit of the doubt. Show them that you're dedicated, then do your job in such a way that it leaves -them- needing -you-. It happens. When I was assistant manager, regardless of some of my health problems, regardless of the fact that I was having panic-attacks every day, they kept me because, even if I wasn't doing perfect, I was at least doing consistent. And that's, at least as I saw it, what made a good employee. They were consistent, if not perfect. 




 That's rough. When I was young, because of my depression, I used to fake being sick a lot so I wouldn't have to go. I got picked on and bullied quite a bit, mainly because compared to all the other guys, I'm tiny. But one thing that time has taught me is that what you're experiencing is temporary - keep moving forward, get through school, if you have no one else trying to help you maintain your happiness, then take it into your own hands and do whatever it takes to make yourself happy. Friends are an extension of your happiness, not the definition. You may hear a lot of people (older people) say that 'high school was the best years of their life!'. But that doesn't hold true for all of us. High school were some of my worst years of my life. But I made it through, and you can too. When you get past this moment and into the next (whether it be college or a job or what have you), you have a chance at a new beginning. That's another lesson life has taught me - life is full of new beginnings. Even if you take it day by day, every day is a new beginning. I hope this helps, and again - you're going through a rough situation by anyone's standards, regardless of their age. But there are some of us who have been through similar situations, and if we can make it through, you can too. A quote from the ancient Samurai helps me with this - "six times down, seven times up"; what this means is when you fall, pick yourself up. If you fall again, then pick yourself up again. I'll be honest with you, it's not easy, but it's worth it. You're worth it. Take care, and remember - there's always this sub for you to bring your thoughts and feelings to, and obviously people who are at least willing to listen. Sometimes, that's all you need, is someone to listen. 




 You're welcome. Take care, and - once more with feeling - don't give up. 




 Self-loathing is a beast of a monster. But if I may try just one more time - you believe there's nothing that can help, and if you continue to believe that, there never will be anything that helps. But because of the nature of depression, it's hard to change from mindset to mindset, especially from a negative mindset to a positive mindset. But - I'm sorry if this is corny or too much of a stretch - but I honestly believe there is a way. It's part of my recovery from transitioning from drug addict to recovering. I always thought that drugs would be part of my life, I never thought I'd ever be more than the drugs in my system, and I honestly believed that it was all my life would ever be. One high to another. It was a struggle to get my mindset to the point where I felt I could finally believe any other way, and to this day, it continues to be a struggle. "Once an addict, always an addict", and for some of us, it's unfortunately true. If I ever went back to cocaine, I truly believe I'd be gone in days, if not hours. Which is why I do everything I can to stay away from it, and the people who do it. But I found a way to change my mindset and embrace sobriety. I may not know you beyond this conversation we've had, but I want you to know that I have hope for you - as dumb or as corny as that sounds, I truly do have hope for you. You may not believe you can do it, but having experienced weakness and that drowning feeling that comes along with depression, I do believe you can do it. I hope you can do it. If that doesn't help, then I'm sorry. I wish I knew what to say. If there was some magic phrase I could use to lift that self-loathing from you, I would say it. 




 I'll be straight up honest with you - I've never heard it myself, but I have friends who have, and it's heartbreaking. People who suffer from depression tend to be some of the most beautiful, compassionate people in the world, even when they're not feeling it themselves. But I do understand the fear -

My wife and I have been married for 2 years, and together for 12. I suffer from clinical depression, which means that I will be dealing with it all my life, like I have for as long as I can remember. All I've ever really known in my life is sadness and darkness, with some breaks of sunlight along the way. Some breaks lasted longer than others, and some seemed to only last a few moments. It's hard on me. But it's also very hard on her. I got lucky - I got damn lucky. I found a woman who's stronger than I could ever be, and she uses her strength to help me keep my head above water. But even the strongest among us have our limits. Every time I fall apart, there's always the question floating around in the back of my mind - "is this the last time she'll be here for me? If she left, could I blame her?" Like I said, I've gotten lucky. As for your situation, don't give up on love. Love saves, as corny as it sounds. This guy wasn't the one for you. I'm not going to say he broke under the pressure, but like I said - even the strongest among us have our limits. Him stepping out on you is on him, not you, and not your depression. And if someone sees something in someone worth cherishing, then someone else can potentially see that as well. So like I said, don't give up. 




 One thing I've learned through life is that you can't make other people happy if you're not happy yourself. When you suffer from depression, it ranges from hard to downright impossible. My advice, start working on your own happiness, because it's like turning a light on. That light will attract other lights, and soon you have a support group who can help you through whatever you may be going through at the time. For me, I'll admit that it's been a long, painful process, but that's how I've been viewing it - as a process. It takes time, it takes work, and it takes energy. When you suffer depression, that does seem like an impossible task. But don't give up. Please. Just try - you may surprise yourself. 




 No problem. Take care of yourself. :) 




 This honestly sounds like the beginning to the relationship between me and the woman that would eventually become my wife. She saved me. When we met, I was 21 and a complete mess. I was doing cocaine daily, popping pills whenever I could, and basically doing whatever drug that was placed within my reach. The reason? The same as yours - I absolutely hated myself. For the first few years, I did like you - I never once told her about my depression or my past drug use (I cleaned up for her, which was one of the hardest things I've done in my life, especially trying to do it in a way that she'd think I was just weird/crazy and not a recovering drug addict). She was supportive of me to begin with, but when I finally came out and told her about everything, the love and support only grew. If your man is even as half as kind and supportive as you suspect, I honestly feel you have nothing to lose, but everything to gain by telling him. Once he realizes he's your front line of defense against your depression, he'll be capable of being there for you in ways you can't imagine. For me, my wife certainly was.

From there, with his support, your battle with depression can only get easier. Educate yourself about your condition, and include him in what you learn, or when you tell him, explain to him what you do know about it. I hope this helps, even if just a bit. 




 Feeling rejected is a horrible feeling, but don't let it stop you. You may not have gotten this job, but that doesn't mean you won't get the next. And if you don't get that one, you get up and try again. The highest I've climbed at any job I've done was assistant manager - meaning I sat in on a lot of interviews and gave my opinion on whether someone should be hired on or not. I can tell you right now, that I watched a lot of amazing people step into that office who would be perfect - but that's the thing about the job-hunt, you're not the only one doing it. I don't know why they didn't pick you, but I do have an idea of what you can do now. Pick yourself up, dust yourself off, and try again. And again if you have to. But whatever you do, don't give up - and learn from any job interview that doesn't lead you to getting the job. One question I ask (if an employer actually calls to let me know I didn't get the job) is - "was there anything I could've done in my interview that would have improved it?". If they have the time, they just might answer. And one more time, with feeling - Don't give up. 
























 You're not a monster for the way you feel - that makes you human. As for getting hung up on girls, when I was in high school, I was a lot like you. Every time a girl showed a remote interest in me, I got hung up on her. There was one girl in particular who played me like a yo-yo, because she knew I was interested and that whenever she beckoned, I'd come calling. That right there destroyed a few potential relationships, other than the fact that I had trouble initiating the conversation with girls. It left me lonely and feeling like I wasn't worth the time of day. It hurts, it really does. But having feelings about a girl, and thinking about her quite a bit... I can only speak from my experience and from listening to/watching my friends and their love-interests, that seems pretty normal to me. If anything, I'd refer to it as 'day-dream fantasies'. 

You don't sound like a monster to me. You sound like a human. 




 In regards to my own depression, yeah - I've had those days. I wake up feeling like I can actually face the day, only to have it ruined somehow, at some point. By the end of the day, I feel exhausted, mentally and physically, and when I get home, I don't want to do anything.

My best advice to you would be to speak to a doctor, explain to them your situation, and most of all - be honest. A good doctor will do everything in their power to help you, especially if they find that you are suffering from depression. 




 Sometimes, sleep does a lot to help. Trust your gut - if it's telling you to sleep, then go to sleep. Tomorrow's a new day, full of new opportunities. And sometimes, a bit of rest is all it takes to tackle those opportunities. And don't bring yourself down about 'not having a social life'. A lot of people lack a social life for a variety of reasons, so you're not alone there. You're a virgin at 28? Nothing wrong with that, either. And the people who would judge you on that are jack-hats, not even worth your time of day. Pay them no heed. Just be you, because when it comes down to it, that's all you can be. 




 Hang on to that. If that truly is your happiest memory at the moment, then hang on to it. Let it be a torch to light the darkness. I'm trying not to assume, but it's hard to believe that your brother doesn't have friends - we all do, in one form or another. I'm also guessing he has best friends - again, sorry for the assumptions, but what I'm driving at is this - he chose -you- to be his best man. With my own experiences of depression, I know what you mean - sometimes it feels like it's been months, weeks, years, AGES since you last felt happy, even if in reality you felt a spark of happiness, even for a brief moment, a few hours ago. My happiest memory that comes to mind was actually my own wedding - and that was almost 2 years ago. Since then, I've risked spiraling out of control a few times, and only recently went to my wife and family and told them "I need help, I can't do this forever, and I can't do this alone". Since the day of my wedding to today, I honestly can't think of any real, true happy memories. So the ones you do have, hang on to and cherish. They'll help light the darkness in your mind when you call upon them. 




 I may not know you, but I am interested in hearing what you have to say. 




 No problem. Take care, and remember - we're here for you. 




 I'm not an expert, but... maybe talk to your doctor about the meds you're taking? Again, not an expert, but what I did noticed is the marked change from "crushing sadness" to just "meh", with you being put on medications right in the middle of that. Again, not an expert, but potential possibility? 




 I was diagnosed with clinical depression at 16. Depression developing in the teenage years isn't that uncommon. I'm 31 now, and I still, to this day, have days like you're having now. Speak to someone, someone you can trust to listen. You feel burdened? Then find someone who doesn't mind helping you shoulder that burden. There's always someone - like here, right now. You're doing yourself a solid by opening up like this, and days you feel like you do now, come back here and let us know. I've only really been active on reddit today, but I've noticed that there are a lot of supportive people here, with varying degrees of experience with depression, with different forms of depression, and who are willing to share that experience and knowledge with you. I hate to bust out the corny "the more you know" quote, but when it comes to depression, it's true - once you find out what type of depression you're experiencing, you can research it. As you learn about it, the knowledge (at least in my case) helped. There's always a way, and you're never alone. 




 I do this to myself more than I'd like to admit. I'm a recovering drug addict, but I still have a few issues with alcohol. It runs in the family. So, sometimes when I'm feeling really low, I drink. The more I drink, the lower I get. The lower I get, the more I drink. See where I'm going with this. You're drunk, so yes, you are probably being a bit more honest than you're used to - but I'm sorry, you're also drunk. Drink some water, eat some plain bread to soak up the alcohol in your system, and sober up a little. I'm serious - because alcohol isn't a cure, all it really does (at least in my experience) is either cover up what you're suffering, or just magnify the pain. You are in no way, shape, or form wrong for feeling the way you do, but the alcohol doesn't help. Please, sober up, and if you're still feeling that suicidal to the point you want to take your life - all I ask is that you come back here and make your feelings and emotions known. That's what this sub is for, and there are people who are here because they want to help. Please, you're worth the fight, even if you don't feel like it right now. Even when you're sober and you don't feel like, you're worth the fight. 
























