 I have to admit that Facebook seemed to have increased the quality of my life in the past. At this point, everything looks rather gloomy. In fact, I don't play any games other than the scrabble-esque Words With Friends. In the last few weeks, I have played my move with the first word that I can think of, without considering whether it is a high-point word, just to get rid of the notification. 




 The deterrent for deleting the account is that I have some friends who I keep in touch with. Of course, I can get their e-mails and communicate with them there. But seeing updates/photos/events has been important once in my life. I'm thinking that maybe I'll come out of it. Plus, I'm a musician. We NEED social networking to remain relevant. To be honest, my depression has hampered my career, with part of it being my inability to cope with the demands of social networking. :/ 




 That being gay is a choice. 




 I'm from India where there is not too much awareness about the significance of bees in pollination. Hives are burned because people are scared of getting stung. How can we educate the masses? 




 I completely agree. I have not accessed Facebook for over the months and am considering deleting my account. Reddit is way better. 




 That's an interesting strategy. My shrink suggested that I learn to say "Good." He calls these white lies. I still haven't been able to do it. :/ 




 I'm generally careful about alcohol intake. Don't like the sensation of totally drunk or the aftereffects. 




 "I've been better" seems to be the right answer for my state. 




 I always feel like this at parties. But I can't dance and I don't get the high. Conversations with interesting people and about interesting topics. Alcohol helps me to lighten up. But that's temporary. 




 There are times when I have felt similarly lost. But I have been under therapy for over five years now and I keep myself going with some good friends and help from my boyfriend. I am a musician as well. So I set some goals in learning new techniques skills or improving existing ones. Apart from that, at times when everything out there appears so intimidating, I increase my already avid range of sports and entertainment options. For example, with the world cup football around, I'm trying to follow nations and their star players. I eventually want to follow the club leagues and competitions so that I have something to look forward to other than friends and music. 




 Like most here, I hate being asked how I feel or what's wrong. I find it hard to lie. Being honest works out easier for me and I end up saying things that end up hurting other people. I have been in a phase where I'm excessively antisocial. I procrastinate replying to personal communication and when I do reply, it is brief and sounds "unfriendly." I am off of social networking sites as well. The only good thing is that I know that I'm not alone in my struggles. 




 I am undergoing treatment for depression. During my rather "low" phases, I cannot stand the positivity floating around, especially on social networking sites. I've been avoiding them for some time now. Does anyone have a suggestion for a coping mechanism? 
























 I did not mean to make you feel worse and I'm sorry that I did. Because I suffer from depression (low self-esteem/lack of self worth/self-flagellation), I try to help anyone that I come across who is more vulnerable than I'm at that point in time. This is such an effort. I wish I could be there to hug you,  honestly do. 

I have been through similar painful situations and there has been someone or the other who has helped me. Talk to someone who is close (physically, emotionally, or both) to you. Sometimes you don't even need reciprocation - you just need to be listened to. 

Finally, I know this wouldn't make sense to you, as it wouldn't to me if someone else where saying this when I'm feeling like this - this one too shall pass.  









 A roller-coaster in which I always seem to be lost in the past or in the future, never living the moment. 




 Tigers. They are the most beautiful animal/thing on our planet. 




 I just shared my experience. I think that you should not expect people to change just because you want them to. 




 The ratings are really good. And the guys behind the fantastic podcast "The Skeptics Guide to the Universe" also think so. 




 Does anybody think that there is a movie deal behind this? 









 I don't quite understand. I have seen the USA flag used in costumes, hats, sporting apparel, etc. There must be more serious rules. On the other hand, in India, if you are using the flag for anything other than what it is, it is dangerous. 




 I don't see the codependence part in your post. I am in a codependent relationship for the last two years and at many times I have felt that I should really get out of it. I guess it is my fear that I won't find anyone else that keeps me going back. 




 When I try and imagine what it would be like to be my parents or my friends, I flinch at the thought of how disappointed they must be with me. :/ 




 This approach is what I'm gravitating toward, I think. 





























 I personally am in in any capacity to do so because of health reasons. But I'll pass the message one to those concerned. Thank you for your advice. 




 I am aware of that, but it's daunting. I'll try my best. Thank you! 














 Rollins and Ambrose are going neck and neck in terms of performances. I think Seth is the best worker on the mat and his matches are always entertaining. 




 Seeing the individual brilliance of Dean Ambrose and Seth Rollins, and to a certain extent that of Roman Reigns, it seems like WWE has got it right with the story line, don't you think? 




 Oh, thanks. I'll repost it in the right subreddit. 




 Thanks for your reply. I think that FTL travel may be achieved in the future. The idea may seem fantasy-like and hypothetical right now, but so did most technology that we use now a few decades back. I am not writing to the moderators directly. I hope you will reconsider. 




 I recently discovered the Stargate franchise. Being a sci-fi fan, I couldn't believe that I had missed it all this while. I watched the first movie after getting hooked to Stargate Universe's pilot. Since then, I have been watching Stargate SG1. I think that with the basic premise of Stargates, terraforming technology creating many earth-like planets, and the presence of superior races, almost every possible fantasy/scenario can be taken care of. 

For example, the Alien Universe (The Engineers = Ancients in Stargate), Game of Thrones/The Hobbit/Lord of the Rings (terraformed planets with transplanted earthlings coexisting with apparently alien species), the Marvel/DC universes (Thor franchise is directly mentioned), etc. 

What do you all think? 









 If you can believe that people on the other side of the world on the internet want to listen to you, it's likely that there are people in your immediate vicinity who will be. Just remember this - you are not an idiot/moron/bad person. Your brain and the chemical inside are making you feel this. Have you tried seeking professional help? If not, I would encourage you to do it. 

I will share with you an anecdote. A few years back, I was reeling under the first wave of full-fledged clinical depression. I was stubborn/obstinate and decided that there was no point in living anymore. I was then in a long-distance relationship. My then boyfriend listened to me and asked me to give myself 6 months. After 6 months, if I felt the same, he said he would let me do it. During the 6 months, however, my boyfriend got through to my friends and was able to start me on medication. That helped. I was able to cope better.

Maybe you can also do that. Here's a hug. Wish it were a real one. 
























 The play argument may not work for me. And I completely agree with the anger part. My dad's anger is etched in my mind as negative memories that I don't want to relive. Many people have suggested that I get out of this "unhealthy" relationship. But I guess I'm an optimist, hoping that things will change someday. Plus, I love him and most if his other aspects. Ergo, I'm scared of not finding someone else. :/ 




 Maybe these techniques work differently for different people/personalities. I haven't ever felt that conflict is healthy. Competition is. I understand what you are saying, but I don't think it will work for me.  




 In my present relationship, I cannot bring up even unresolved conflicts from the recent past for a calm, rational discussion. Seems like all conflicts remain unresolved and swept under the rug. I, being acutely aware of their vile history, am even more cagey. So it really is building up and I don't know when I'll explode/break down. 




 I have a similar story. Different in the fact that I am able to enjoy some things and share experiences with others. Plus having a few hobbies - guitar/music, following sport, consuming sci-fi - helps. Have you any hobby? 




 If not at present, have you ever had this feeling? 




 Can you explain? 




 Have you tried seeking help? It may appear to you that it is not worth trying. But I found it helpful and it's helped me stick around. 




 That's similar to what I feel. Plus,  scientifically, there isn't any cure. :-/ 




 I don't think that getting into more conflicts will work for me. And I don't think my boyfriend will let me win anything. 




 Not sure I understand the second sentence. I think you meant than when you resorted to passive aggressive ways, there bad repercussions. I rarely ever shout, swear at, bad mouth, throw things, or let steam out because I think I'm the "good" or the "better" guy. I think no conflict works. Instead, educated conversations detailing problems and working on solutions works for me with other people. But my partner doesn't work this way. I'm stuck and I'd also like others' views. 




 I've been diagnosed with PTSD and MDD. in on pharmacotherapy and therapy. One of my main triggers is conflict or the fear of conflict. Unfortunately, I'm exposed to it a lot because my partner believes in fights and arguments. He thinks that these are signs of a healthy relationship. I am finding it difficult to manage the relationship, especially because I have tendencies for being  codependent and he's the dominant (older) one in the relationship. Can anyone suggest a strategy? 




 Thanks for the suggestion. I'm going to try it. 
























