 100% of my body is under the covers. 




 It's okay man, there are better wifi names out there. When you stop looking, you'll find them. 




 I connect to the neighbor's one at school, and it's called ' I CAN HEAR YOU HAVING SEX AT NIGHT.' So they seem like they're happy with their situation.
 




 Shit. 




 ....just noticed all of the ducked/fucked jokes after I posted that.
I'm so sorry. 




 no, NOT ducked, I meant FUCKED. 




 This...absolutely hit a little too close to home.
I'm so sorry this happened to you. 




 I would enjoy being friends with you. 




 Or not being able to spell.*that 




 The first story thay will truly keep me from sleeping. Goddamnit. 




 Fuck 




 ....... This hit so close to home.
I'm in Brazil, visiting family and it's been 6 years since I've been out here. (That's a different story.) I knew my grandma had been getting worse, but it wasn't until I saw her that I realized how far gone she was. She can hardly speak, walk, or even lift her head.
I don't know if she will have anymore lucid moments. 




 So...it's updated right? 




 Immortal jellyfish? ELI5? 




 Thumb stone? 




 EDIT: spelling and other dumb shit.


I am two years and 6 months sober(active member off AA and NA, hit my bottom with heroin) for the first time since I was 14. In and out of rehabs, outpatients, therapists, psychiatrists, detox
Centers, some trauma and a number of other things.  I got it right this time, and the last four years I've been with my boyfriend, who I met in treatment, and it has been amazing. (in the four years we've been together I've relapses...a lot. This was his first attempt getting sober and he got it the first time.) long story short, I'm exhausted. I hit the ground running when I picked up my first drink, and I'm
Finally living an adult life.

Because of my using and drinking, I haven't been to see my family in Brasil for 5 years, and I'm finally going at the end of december. I'm BEYOND excited, nervous, but so happy to see my family. At the same time, I'm fucking TERRIFIED.
The culture is so enticing, so lively and kind and welcoming and beautiful, and my alcoholic brain experiences this culture and thinks 'this would be even better with a drink in my hand.' I know the tools I can take to step away from that pattern I've so clearly displayed since my first rehab, but I'm scared. I'm 23, I should be fucking up and hooking up and not talking about marriage and kids and never drinking or using again, I should be running wild and traveling and getting into trouble.....

Right?

What if I meet someone? What if I'm not meant to be with who I am with now? (I love him more than I can explain, please keep in mind I'm allowed to be scared).
I would never do anything to hurt him, EVER. 
I'm just fucking scared. This trip is supposed to be a reunion, along with a break, some time for me to do some self reflection, take a breather.

I just dont know what to think about these feelings and fears.
I've never been good at the whole 'feelings' thing, (aka alcoholic), although ironically I am extremely sensitive.

FUCK. 




 I was like 'ginger cave?...' 
I'm an idiot 




