 I'm still doing research about this, but when my OCD first started I thought it was schizophrenia. I think I was having a psychotic episode for about four years. During that period of time, I was delusional. I thought that the devil was sending demons into my thoughts to steal my soul. I thought my compulsions were ways to fight the devil. Then I realized that they were not demons 




 I didn't seek treatment until four years after my symptoms started. I initially thought it was schizophrenia, so that's why I waited so long. 

I started counseling in Fall 2013 and have been going since then. I also take medication. I think ERP therapy is the most helpful with dealing with obsessions. It is also the hardest type. 

Feel free to PM me if you have any more questions 




 I have not. The last time I cried was almost seven years ago. However, I would not judge a friend if they cry in front of me. I hope you're doing okay, OP.  




 I will probably take some of my weaknesses to my grave. That may be sad but it is honest. I definitely cannot show how sensitive I am or when I'm hurt. Everyone has their moments when they just want to be held. Everyone has their moments when they want to be little spoon. But as man, I am expected to erase all of those sentiments from my memory. 

The world is not a good place.  




 And the thing is, it started with my parents and was perpetuated by all of society  




 In the sports world, a pat on the butt is common  




 You are not alone. I experience them as well and it can be very frightening. The trick is to handle them without rituals.  




 Although my dad and I have had a rough relationship, I know that he is trying his hardest. His dad passed away when he was really young, therefore, he went through a lot of emotional damage. 

I tell him I love him very often and I don't fault him.  




 I was just curious as to how long you have had OCD. I'm 23 too and mine started when I was 17. I can really relate to what you were saying about not knowing what was happening to you. I thought it was schizophrenia at first.  




 How old are you now? 




 Gods and Monsters is a classic of her music. Does your username relate to her Video Games?  




 I fucking love Lana Del Rey! She has this 1920s mobster wife sort of vibe to her style. Also, Video Games is one of the most beautiful songs I know.  




 Taking off my shirt in public  




 The new Mumford album 




 A button up, khakis or chinos, and either Clarks or tennis shoes 




 Well, maybe I am the problem .....  




 I have no problem with sacrificing. I really don't care  but I feel that if a guy was telling his girl how to dress, this would be a completely different story. But you win some and you lose some, I guess 




 I've often been told that I'm stubborn because I don't want to listen to their fashion advice. But yes, if I do what they want then the relationship gets better.  




 NO

*edit: Just kidding. They always tell me they like my style, but it's like my style is never good enough without their help.  




 Dear AskMen, please help me. Whenever I'm dating or talking to a girl, she has often tried to tell me how to dress. Basically saying, she hates when I wear this or I shouldn't wear that or she really likes when I wear a certain shirt. It drives me crazy because I don't like being told what to do. 

So AskMen, please help me. Am I the problem or is she?  




 This could be us, but you playin ..... 




 Ever since I was a baby, I have always had a big butt. I've just come to accept it. Now that I've gotten in shape, I actually have some muscle there instead of fat. The ladies seem to like the butt.  




 "but he gotta eat the booty like groceries" 

[she said it, not me](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aPxVSCfoYnU) 




 I think the bigger issue is society's definition of masculinity versus authentic masculinity. In other words, society often expects men to be unhuman. Men are real people and some of those people have illnesses. However, society has a hard time grasping the concept that men have emotional needs. 

Ultimately, mental health issues do not make a person weak and until society grasps this concept men will continue to suffer in silence.  




 I use regular shampoo and conditioner on mine and I've never had a problem  




 This is confirmation that I am really a dog at heart 




 I wonder will I have to be on medication for the rest of my life.  




 I think for me, I could notice a difference about a month in from using Luvox.  




 "I'm not crying, I'm just allergic to jerks!"
 




 The way I was raised, this was such a routine thing. However, this does not excuse the behavior. I know that I will teach my kids the value of talking without using your hands.  




 One benefit that I could see is that I wouldn't be seen as less of a man because I like being little spoon/being held.  




 Wasps (the insect for all of you smart asses) 




 I'm pretty sure it's not fat because I can move it up and down around my ribs. Last year, I had my body fat measured as 10.8% and I still had the same problem. But, I could be wrong  




 I lost 40 pounds in a year and I think that might have been too fast. Consequently, some of my skin has tightened but I still have a skin pouch around my stomach. I am certain that it is not fat. 

I would just like to hear about your experiences. After how many months did you start to notice your skin resume to the tight state? 




 Hey, now 









 Your friend's story sounds very similar to mine. I hide it very well. Also, when it started to become progressively worse, I distanced myself from everyone. Now, a few friends and family know. And I just told my parents recently 




 In other words, has anyone turned you away or discouraged you from mental health help because you are a man? I know this is the stereotype, but I would like to hear about your experiences.  




 One of my counselors suggested a great way to do this: He gave me a phrase to help explain it to people "I'm just telling you this because I want you to know". 

Mental health is very uncomfortable to talk about for numerous reasons. However, if you phrase it that you want to let someone know about it, it makes the conversation seem more of discussion. 




 I used to be the guy who would wear a shirt in the pool and everyone hated it. Then, two things happened

1) I realized that no one really cares that much about how you look.
2) I lost 40+ pounds and since then, have become more comfortable with my body. It's an everyday effort though. Fitness is a lifestyle  




 OP, you are your own man; pee in the method that you enjoy. I don't even see how efficiency is relevant. It does not take lightyears for someone to sit down on a toilet.  




 I had blonde highlights once. My family was surprisingly very supportive, except for my grandfather. Some friends liked it, others hated it. Personally, I did not care. 

I dyed my hair for me. Not for the purpose of others  




 I have a similar problem to you, OP. I used to be overweight and I recently got into shape. However, I still have a big butt and big thighs. I have the problem where I have to buy pants that are too big in the waist but actually fit in the butt and thigh region. 

Companies don't make pants for guys with slim waists and big butts. It sucks.  




 I misread your comment. I meant an actual bar tab. Sorry for the confusion, blame the hangover 




 Your comments always make me laugh 




 Money spent at a bar in one night 




 Did you lose a significant amount of weight? It may be extra skin left over from being bigger. I'm having the same problem 




 I guess I'm the only one who goes back to front .... 




 I spent way too much at the bar last night. Help me feel better. What is the most money you have spent at the bar? 

*edit: your individual amount that you owe one bar at the end of the night. sorry for the confusion 




 This rarely happens for me, but a girl earns so much more points in my book if she makes the first move. Actually, girls who do this turn me on. I like girls who are bold or daring.  




 I don't miss her but I do miss the times that we had together. Those times will always be special to me. I lost my girlfriend, but I also lost my best friend. 

But, she was wrong for me. I try to remind myself that was then and this is now.  




 Stereotypical gender roles say that a man should do the pursuing (e.g. the first move, asking for a date, going for a kiss). Have you ever had a time when a girl pursued you? How did it make you feel? 




 In the past, my relationship with my parents has been extremely rough; it is a difficult and complex situation. We are trying to work on it though. 

I would say I'm closer to my mum though.  




 I have a hard time actually being honest in groups. But I can definitely argue that from my experience, talking with people who share your mental illness is beneficial because the other person understands.  




