 The one thing I will forever recommend is a Rock n Play. It's so convenient, and is the one thing I have used the most and has been most useful. It's like a little baby hammock thing that you can rock and it makes them feel like they're being held by a person (or at least it does for my son). I've also heard amazing things about swings but we don't have one.  




 Let's do this! 




 I think she looks young because she wears a ponytail almost all the time, along with things like cat ear headbands. 




 All that should matter is that I get my work done and don't fuck up. I'm salaried, I'm not paid for hours there.  




 He directly instructed me to look for more assignments and wrote me up for not doing so.  




 I've been getting shit on at work for doing this.  My boss wants me to be a go-getter.  So despite doing all my work in an efficient and accurate manner, I'm supposed to go to other managers and ask if they need help with stuff.   When I do this they look at me like I'm crazy because they all have their own assistants to help them.

It's maddening.  My previous managers here were of the attitude that if I'm getting my work done and not screwing it up too much, whatever. 




 Last I heard she's been focusing more on her hair and makeup career.  




 Woohoo me too! Seriously cannot wait!! 




 This.  Borrow a dog, preferably one who eats poop.   




 [Naptime cuddles](http://i.imgur.com/4zJJFWT.jpg)

[Love grabbing daddy's beard](http://i.imgur.com/CRXTwgh.jpg)

[All ready for church!](http://i.imgur.com/xAxRFNR.jpg)

[Mister bottom lip](http://i.imgur.com/XQNBLSP.jpg) 




 Yeah same. I drank the "Energy" one one summer in high school because I figured it was better than caffeine and would give me energy. I was a sucker. Probably the only reason I didn't gain 20 pounds was because I worked as a day camp counselor and ran around all day 




 Mine only knows when I drift off to sleep.  He's in a crib in his own room, but about half the nights I'll get him in there asleep, go to lay down in my room, and I swear as soon as I drift off I hear cries from the baby monitor.  I usually wait 2-3 minutes to see if he drifts off back to sleep, which he usually doesn't do. 




 I think a big part of that is in the US women only get 6-8 weeks of maternity leave and availability of non-bathroom pumping places for working mothers sucks. 




 Breastfeeding is *hard*.  I tried and chose not to for my own mental sanity because I knew I couldn't do it and I was having supply issues.  I couldn't even get out the 1.8 ounces that are best for baby's immune system.  Also I would only be able to BF for 6 weeks, as my company is really small and doesn't have a place for mothers to pump.  Every lactation consultant and expert I talked to said that a mother's mental health is much more important for baby than breast milk.  Turns out my baby is allergic to milk protein anyways, so he would have had to be on a food allergy formula anyways. 




 Unless you're administering an epidural, then you're the best person in the universe and we'll brag about you until the baby steals the show. 




 Completely agree.  I have this acquaintance who is arguing with DOCTORS in the comments of a post she made with an article about how MMR vaccinations kill more than the measles itself.  Her family has had some medical problems and with things like a false-negative RSV test and other things she is very distrusting of modern medicine, and she even has an 8 month old who has to have open heart surgery soon.  And she's still refusing to vaccinate her other 2 kids and she refuses to get the booster herself.  She will instead quarantine her entire family for 6 weeks after her daughter's surgery to avoid the germs from the outside world.

It's infuriating.  That's what vaccines are for! They are needed to protect those people who CAN'T get vaccinated, like her daughter in those weeks after the surgery.

 




 I completely agree but I've noticed a shift from the autism excuse to "the ingredients aren't safe and more people have died from the MMR vaccine than from measles!!"  




 Not eating at home/making my lunches. Nothing I make tastes good. It's getting to the point where I get nauseated thinking about it. And I don't have the energy to cook with a 4 month old baby.  




 Let's not lie, that's a fucking rain coat.  Boot. 




 SO KISS MY FACE 




 I just had a baby 4 months ago and I had to make sure I had the chicken pox vaccine before I got pregnant, and had to get the TDaP while pregnant so baby would be safe until his 2 month shots.  Just make sure you're up to date on all your vaccines before trying to get pregnant. 




 My son stops crying when the car is in motion but once we hit red lights, if he's in a bad mood or hungry, full on screaming. 




 I have depression and my psychiatrist prescribed me both vitamin D and getting outside more. Since I've been doing those two things my mood has greatly improved.  




 I can grow a pretty sweet beard. Too bad as a woman I have to get it threaded off.  




 I have to agree with you. I had Comcast for 3 years, only had one problem when my modem crapped out, but was replaced very easily. Had uverse for 3 months and we had to have a tech out 3 times already for the shit equipment 




 Do you think your mom will help raise the baby and she will get a break? I'd be afraid of that. 




 Move my in-laws from their apartment to their mostly remodeled house, move their old furniture into our house (old = 2 years old), and sleep as much as possible.  We'll probably also be watching the Super Bowl with them.

I like to relax by sending my son to spend the night at my in-laws and taking 3 hour naps.  Happens about twice a month thanks to awesome in-laws.

 




 [Uptown Funk by Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPf0YbXqDm0).  That song makes me want to swagger downtown with my ladies. 




 Whoa, visions of high school with that song. 




 I have the kind of IBS that would be beneficial: not having to poop for days 




 Next season: Chad Michaels is addicted to being Cher. 




 I feel that way about peeing.  Like it pinches my urethra shut.  Sucks because I drink a LOT of water. 




 I'm the same, and I have a degree in Math.  Give me numbers, equations, formulas, matrices, etc... and I'm happy as a clam.  Tell me to prove something and I want to shoot myself.  




 And Andre is crying in the bathroom 




 Many pro-lifers go on about "potential lives", though, which can also be said about the doomed IVF embryos.  My sister is very pro-life, and she even refuses to get IVF done because you're essentially creating embryos to die, wasting potential life.  She also won't use the BC pill because it can prevent embryos from implanting properly 




  when girls go to the salon to get their eyebrows done, this is what they're doing.

False.  Most women get waxed still.   




 Yeah he pretty quickly rolls over now when we put him on his tummy.  I think that night we were doing it to tire him out so he was getting frustrated that he was getting put back on his tummy. 




 [My handsome boys](http://i.imgur.com/sIdwfgq.jpg)

[Smiling](http://i.imgur.com/DSHyMGz.jpg)

[Tummy time is the worst](http://i.imgur.com/vtKeVe1.jpg)

[Cheesin'](http://i.imgur.com/ZhkNIE9.jpg) 




 The leaning forward while having contractions does suck but the payoff is so worth it 




 I disagree with OP. I've been through far worse things than childbirth. It really wasn't that bad, thanks to the epidural. No fucking way would I have done natural, the one hour of contractions I could feel was horrible.   Gallbladder attacks are worse than childbirth, fwiw.  




 As someone who has u-verse after having Comcast for 3 years, I disagree. This uverse shit hasn't worked properly for more than 2 weeks.  At least Comcast was reliable enough that I never had to call customer service. I've had 3 att techs out in the 2 months I've been at my new place.  




 Some are being posted on tumblr, Twitter, and Facebook though.  




 I'll admit, an ice day would be nice  but last year when we had one we gave up our Good Friday holiday to make up for it 




 It's a lovely 74 degrees and sunny here in Houston.  Just putting that out there for all you guys in the NE. 




 I can't let mine grow out long enough to be waxed.  Too embarrassing.  




 BC never did shit for my PCOS hirsutism.  The only thing my doctor said would work is an anti-androgen medicine called Spironolactone.  Unfortunately this medicine also lowers BP, and my BP is already pretty low to begin with so taking it means possibly passing out and constant dizziness.  So I just keep on with my shave/tweeze/wax. 




 Well I assume if OP's dream came true and he was house husband to a RICH wife, they'd have a maid and 60% of the work would fall on someone else. 




 As someone who has a 3 month old and gained 25 lbs in pregnancy, this. People say "oh you're pregnant. Don't worry about it." While it's fine to give into the cravings occasionally, don't eat pop tarts and pizza the whole time.  




 or just over 36 pounds of broccoli 




 Red flags:

* "He then changed his mind around 25 weeks, saying he needed me to work"

Why?? If he was making the same amount of money, what big change happened that made him realize he needed your income?  

* "He got off the phone and told me he had just locked us into a $200 a month contract for 2 years"

If he can't refuse the salespeople's schtick, he should not have any accounts in his name.  Any time he calls in to customer service they will usually try to sell him additional services.  This is a huge red flag and shows that your husband makes very poor financial decisions

* "He won’t even give me a complete break down of all our monthly expenses, to see myself if we can make staying at home work or not."

Why the fuck not?  This is the absolute biggest red flag to me as it seems to indicate he may be hiding something from you.  Maybe a spending problem, maybe something bigger like a gambling problem.  But you are an equal part in your relationship and you have a right to see what all your money is going towards.  Do you not have access to the checking account to see the list of transactions?  I would demand access first and foremost.

* " I haven’t drove my car in 3 months, only his, and he refuses to let me sell the piece of junk to cut out the insurance payment, and put some extra money in our pockets"

Is the car in your name, his name, or both? If the car isn't being driven, there's no reason to keep it around, especially with an insurance payment.  Why does he get to make all the financial calls when you are working and bringing income in?  I could *maybe* **maybe** understand if you were a SAHM and had no income, but since you are a contributor to the finances of your household, you have the right to see where your money is going.


You are not being irrational.  I would be resentful of my husband, too, if I were in your shoes.  I am also a working mom of a 3 month old and miss my son every day.  My husband works from home and while I'm jealous of him getting to be around Rhys all day, I don't resent him because he treats me like an equal partner.  Your husband is treating you like a child and it's unacceptable. 




 I wouldn't be trusting all the money stuff with someone who has that much credit card debt in the first place.  I mean, sometimes it's unavoidable, I've been there.  But to refuse to let your spouse in on the budget is a HUUUGE red flag to me.  I'd say he has a spending problem or something similar.  Why else would he want to hide the finances from her? 




 I was glad to see her accountability partner telling her "no bullshit" over skype, but then she started trying to rationalize her bullshit after saying "i totally agree, no bullshitting you."  Then her partner called her out on her "Catch 22" bullshit. 




 I'm currently 250 after gaining weight during pregnancy.  I was astounded when I saw Tara's goal weight was 250, since I feel like a fat blubbery whale now, though I'm working on it.  That TV show sure helps in the motivation department. 




 You're right, I missed that part. 




 I loved how she said to her son "are you gonna go down the slide? I'll catch you!" As her husband was wheeling her butt to the playground and she had no intention of getting out of the wheelchair. I wondered how he didn't weigh as much as she does eating the same crap but it's because he has to push 600lbs around on the regular.  




 Did you mean the Hola extension? 




 I can easily visualize and relate to the first two but the squat... I just can't get it right. Been working on body weight as an absolute beginner for a couple weeks. I'll get it eventually 




 I really love your comparison to abstinence-only birth control.  I'm obese.  I'm constantly working on it, but as someone who also suffers from depression and anxiety who uses food as a crutch, there are deeper issues that need treatment as well.  I'm sure there are people out there who can go "Oh, I'm eating too much, let me stop doing that!" and lose weight.  I am not one of them, and I'd be willing to bet that the majority of obese persons don't fall into that category.   




 Bask in the babyness. 




 This is inspiring.  I'm 5'5 and 250 right now and I'm having a really really hard time convincing myself to start losing weight.  All of my doctors have told me low carb since I have PCOS, and whenever I do keto/atkins/low carb I end up giving into my cravings after a week or so.  Did you struggle at all with depression before? Did it affect you? 




 [Good morning smiles](http://i.imgur.com/cM5Z35Y.jpg)

["I just pooped" smile](http://i.imgur.com/64SbkuX.jpg)

[Woke up from nap smiles](http://i.imgur.com/YN0mp4y.jpg)

[Just chillin' in his bouncer](http://i.imgur.com/0OHxsfK.jpg) 




 Kaley Cuoco just had to have sinus surgery to repair the damage nose spray did after habitually using it.  




 My husband and I were addicted to this stuff. I stopped after I had chased the high so much that one new blend gave me awful panic attacks. My husband stopped after it got outlawed and our favorite smoke shop stopped selling it. I told him I would rather he smoke weed than that fake shit. He quit right as all the deaths and seizures were being reported. That shit is so scary. I barely remember anything from the months I spent smoking it.  




 A crocheted Ood 




 Friends 




 Canned bacon? WTF 




 Woo! 




 Milkshakes.  




 Unless your water breaks! I was told if my water broke before labor to come in asap. It did and I got in immediately but still ended up with an infection 




 This weekend will be spent getting our lives organized and picking up before the maid comes.  A lot of stress in our house comes from chores like wiping down the bathroom and mopping, so this is a treat to myself to reduce that stress.  

Will also finish getting the nursery set up since little man is about to out grow his bassinet at 3 months. 




 I got that look so many times that once, when I went out to eat with my HS boyfriend and his family before a movie, I refused to order anything because I didn't want to be a financial burden on them.  I just kept imagining my dad giving me that look because I ordered 3 enchiladas instead of 2.  So I just did without while they ate.

SO AWKWARD. 




 Ironically I was raised southern baptist :) 




 We have godparents/sponsors. Yeah Lutherans are infant baptizers 




 New mother here. I call my son baby way more than I use his actual name. But he is a baby. Will report back in 18 years.  




 [Before baptism, he couldn't sit still](http://i.imgur.com/iXDBmkh.jpg)

[After baptism](http://i.imgur.com/7nbkMl7.jpg)

[Bumbo time](http://i.imgur.com/EQWibof.jpg)

[Smirk](http://i.imgur.com/VGecEvd.jpg)

[Hanging with daddy](http://i.imgur.com/MJk4qdC.jpg)

I have more on my phone but my data connection is being weird and won't let me upload to imgur 




 Good Friday, 2009 or 2010. Associate pastor of my husbands church decided to liven up communion a bit and made a life size Jesus out of bread that the congregation then tore chunks off of and ate. That was a weird one.  




 It's uncommon here in the US.  Are you in the US or UK? 




 Correct! 




 I am constantly correcting the pronunciation.  "RICE???" ughhhh.  

I just posted my introduction in that subreddit! 




 Off topic, but I have a Rhys that was born a day before yours.  COINCIDENCE 




 I feel the same way about Taylor Swift that you do about JLaw and Emma Stone. 




 I'll have a meatball sub, extra bread. 




 I had to stop myself from trying to visualize things in calculus.  In algebra it's all about graphs, lines, etc...  Calculus gets you into 3D and higher things and you have to learn to stop the visualizing and just work with the numbers.   




 Trying to lose baby weight, back on keto this week and my sugar addiction monkey is screeching on my back.  And someone brought Shipley's donuts for breakfast.  Hnggg..... I can do this... 




 Don't be scared!  I have a degree in math and the way to get through it is to go to class, pay attention/take notes, and do homework (even if it's not required).  Math really is all about practice.   Each problem is like a puzzle.  If you solve a puzzle more than once, each time it becomes a little easier until you know how to do it without referencing anything. 




 Yes, use the nursery if you think you'll need the rest! And if you have an epidural, sleep during labor if you can!  My water broke as I was getting into bed at 1am and I didn't sleep at all until about midnight the next night. 

But you'll be perfectly fine.  Use the nurses help, they'll show you everything and answer any questions you have.  




 If baby isn't in the NICU she'll be in the room with you and nurses will help you with feeding and changing her.  And it's basically only that for the first couple of months.  Feeding and changing.  Newborns are like eating, pooping, potatoes.  They just don't do much otherwise.  




 I think this would be the most effective way to organize meetups
 




 I would definitely attend a meeting for the Houston area.   




 Imagine how terrifying it is giving birth to one then 2 days later being sent home with it!  Like... what do we do now?  They're letting us keep it? How irresponsible of the hospital to do something like that!

But then you learn to deal with it really quickly. 




 Was it just regular PE or was he involved in a sport?  At my HS the sports kids worked out in the weight room but the PE kids just did bullshit games 




 Check out his instagram, he's always posting little practice stop motion videos he makes. 




 The Nicene Creed and the Apostles Creed are extremely similar, there's not really any big theological differences between the two. 




 What about eventual heaven? I'm not familiar with the theology of purgatory, but doesn't it eventually end for all those who are in purgatory? 




 The majority of Christian denominations agree on this.  The reason there are so many denominations are disagreements about sacraments and other works we do after we become Christians. 




 Christianity is all about forgiveness.  There's one requirement for salvation in the majority of Christianity and that is believing ~~what the Apostles' (edit: or Nicene, or Athanasian) Creed says.~~ in the divinity of Jesus Christ and his death atoning for the sins of mankind.

edit for clarity.  
 




 "Half of the doctors are below average" really stuck with me when taking doctors advice with a grain of salt. 




 How is Peggy short for Margaret? 




 Congrats to all the winners!

Only two baby pics today.

[ankle rattles](http://i.imgur.com/qO7hOWK.jpg)

[gangsta baby](http://i.imgur.com/KWpMNC6.jpg) 




 Congrats! If you have any questions feel free to ask us here :) 




 Really?  That's very surprising, since low carb has been shown to work best for those with insulin resistance.   




 Got pregnant with nothing saved.  Saved up, paid deductible to my OB and had maybe $1k in savings when I was put on bed rest at 32 weeks.  We had eaten out a lot while I was pregnant due to my food aversions and exhaustion/laziness.

Thankfully my in-laws are wealthy and helped us out, but we burned through our savings and had to live on my husband's pay.  Now we're finally caught up on all our bills after me being back at work for a month and we just put our first $550 in the bank.  $6k in CC should be paid off by June (and we should have $7k in emergency fund by then).   




 If doing a program like SL, should I start with body weight squats (as well as stretching and flexibility exercises) but do the barbell deadlift/row/bench press? 




 I agree with everything said so far.  Another way would be to place a 5lb plate under each heel.  Weightlifting shoes have a slight heel in them that can help you get lower with squats. 




 Yeah it's horrible.  I mean he hasn't cut any yet and I haven't confirmed with the doctor but he's got most of the symptoms so I'm just assuming that's what it is. 




 What's crazy is I was raised one of those believer's baptism people. 




 Calling /u/namer98 ! 




 WTF is this snow business you people are talking about?  

I have my own form of misery, though, in the form of a teething 3 month old.  On the bright side: he's getting baptized on Sunday! 




 Link? I missed that post  




 Baby fingernails are razor sharp and they like to scratch their own faces. 




 I've yet to meet an endocrinologist who was against low-carb diets, at least in my case (pre-diabetic and PCOS). 




 [Exodus 22:2]

 




 After giving birth I'm getting back into lifting.  Before I was pregnant, my husband and I would go to the gym together after work and do SL.  Now that we have the kid it's really difficult to go to the gym together.  He's uneasy about me doing SL by myself because I'll eventually need a spotter for bench.  Deadlifts and squats are no big deal because I use a power rack.  

My question is this: 

Are there any other lifting programs that wouldn't require a spotter for any of the exercises?  I really liked the simplicity of SL and the lack of things I really hate (like lunges).  Should I just do SL with dumbbells?  Should I tell my husband "I got it" and do SL with barbells?  

The biggest obstacle here is being intimidated, socially anxious, and extremely shy.  If I have to ask for a spot from some rando I will probably throw up, so I'd prefer not to have to do that.  I know I'm a wuss and I should suck it up but I already feel like an impostor as a 240lb female and have pretty severe anxiety about that sort of thing.++


Edit: THANKS!   Will be learning roll of shame or to ditch the weights on either side if i get stuck on bench. 




 Well my MIL watches Rhys every day so today's picture from "daycare with Gigi" includes ankle rattles, since he's been a kicking fiend lately.

http://i.imgur.com/itvwJDI.jpg 




 I see it as very tricky.  As /u/namer98 said, the OT commands it.  But there is contradictory information in the NT like /u/I3lindman brought up.  Is deadly self-defense technically repaying evil for evil? Peter used it when the soldiers came to take Jesus away and he was rebuked for doing so.  However, Humans were given the right to exact the death penalty for murder ( John 19:10-11 ; Rom 13:1-4 ).  

In the OT, even a thief could be killed in self-defense. Jesus commanded his disciples to arm themselves and the only time Jesus was recorded in rebuking the use of a sword was when Peter was trying to get in the way of Christ's specific purpose to lay down His life.

Honestly, if it came down to it I would absolutely use deadly force to protect myself or my family if their lives were being threatened by someone.  I don't know if it's a sin, but I know I would go through severe mental anguish if that situation were to become a reality. 




 It wouldn't have evolved past the basic handshake since Lutherans are against change. 




 My husband always wants to say "may the force be with you" when we greet each other during the service.   




