




 Thank you! isn't it just such an amazing feeling when you change something so simple as your makeup storage, it's like cleansing. I loved taking all my products and cleaning them and organising them. Afterwards I just stood and stared at it for a good 20 minutes, now and again brushing a hand over some of the things. I suddenly realised I was acting gollumesque when iI actually thought the words 'it's mine' 
The skull is actually a car air-freshener from bath and body works that I stuck on an ikea plant pot to pretty up what i kept my makeup brushes in :D  




 I live in the UK! so thank god it's not a possibility. I shuddered just thinking of it happening. 




 I'm in love with yours! I'd love a dressing table but don't have the space. They really are battle stations though, we set everything up, stand there with naked faces and set about putting on our war paint haha 




 Where are the Russian twists! those things are beast. 




 I say yes to donating organs, if you can save someone's life after you're gone what is a better way to leave your mark on the world?

My personal opinion is people should be able to choose whether to donate their bodies to science, yes it would help but it will take a long time for people to be okay with not having a body to bury or cremate and say goodbye to. 
I think people can get over and come to terms with organs being taken to help and that will continue to live on in someone else, with donating your body to science people imagine all sorts and don't want to think of a loved one going through that, even after death 




 It's so pretty and vintage looking! 

Here's mine - http://i.imgur.com/bfu3uz1.jpg 




 Maybe you could try booking yourself in for some threading? i did that when i was having trouble with my brow shape and they recommended what would look good and they gave me tips on keeping the shape and what products to use. 

You have fantastic skin btw! I think you'd look killer in a plum lipstick  




 I'm in love with the red! i'm going to have to try and find it, thank you!

P.S: i'm in LOVE with your hair 









 These two comments sum depression up for me almost perfectly. Depression is the most confusing and hard challenge I've ever faced in my whole life. It's hard to keep going when everything you once loves you fear now and it feels like you'll never get better, you'll never feel hope or happiness again. Life seems SO long and so hard without being able to see or find hope and happiness in anything.  




 What about the darker end of comics? a lot of people prefer the darker side, you won't feel the pressure of trying to find something funny then. It might even help, getting all of your pain out onto paper. If people criticise them it doesn't mean they are bad, it just means that they might have a different taste to what you've done. I'd sure love to read some of your comics.

I had a pretty dark childhood, I find it hard to be positive sometimes and can feel quite 'dark' about things, i'm quite the fluffy girl and then I love horror movies, dark anime and metal. 

Anywho, you might find happiness in writing comics about what you know, whether that's darkness or happiness. Isn't it better to have something that represents you, something that has your heart in it. Than you just trying to make something you're uncomfortable with? 

Please do let me know if you do any comics because i really would love to see them some day  




 Please stop trying to find something wrong, it sounds like you're beating yourself up a lot 'i've tried everything' 'i'm a failure of a man' I bet you're a wonderful person.

hope you feel better soon, please don't try anything, if you would like to chat to someone i'm here, i'm always around and i love making new friends, sometimes just being able to tell someone everything that's wrong can help. Honestly PM me ANYTIME 

Please don't beat yourself up too much for not being happy at the moment, you're so strong for trying and still being here, i've been where you are a few times, i've even attempted suicide, one of those times a stranger from reddit reached out to me and i think that's truly one of the reasons i'm still here, so if i can help another person in any way i would love to, so i'm here if and when you need someone 

i know it's a personal question but have you been diagnosed with depression? are you seeking any help? medication? 




 I've spent so long trying to figure out what caused it, maybe I'm tired? Maybe it's PMT? Maybe it's my job maybe I hate it? Maybe it's my boyfriend? Maybe it's my friend group? So I've spent years 'hitting the refresh button' on my life, shaking things up and although some choices turned out to be good choices a lot of them were bad. Because I would do them but still feel awful or even worse. And I'd ask myself 'what's wrong with me why aren't I coping like other people, why am I not happy?' 

That's what made it all so much worse, then I'd repress emotions because I thought they weren't normal but they are. Being a part of this horrible yet supportive sub reddit should help you see that. Yes we don't work like others do, yes we deal with things differently, we aren't broken or strange. I had a kidney infection last year, I left it and it got worse and I couldn't drink for six months, that was strange and it meant i was different to other people, i couldn't get drunk and have fun like they did (like now i'm depressed, i don't feel the fun that they seem to be having), but i got help and i got better and it meant i could drink and i could have fun again. Our illness is just like that but it's not visible to others, we aren't showing physical pain, it just means that we're working differently to they are because we are ill, i used to spent weeks even months feeling suicidal, now i have minutes, hours at most, because i've sought help (like i did with my kidney) and i'm getting better, which means i'll be able to deal with things better, like others. We all work differently, every one of us, so we aren't broken just because we're working differently to others. 
People were there for me and looked after me when i was ill with my kidney because it was visible, i kept my depression from people and shut them out because i thought i was strange and broken, now i'm learning to let people in and feel the emotions and it's so much better, i talk to people and they understand better so they can help better in the future, instead of me just being angry or seeming moody, meaning they got fed up or angry they can now sympathise.

Anyway the point to all of this was, sometimes there isn't a reason, maybe there used to be and maybe there is one big thing that's caused your depression and makes it worse, but like my kidney once it was bad it was bad, and when it got worse sometimes it meant it was just taking longer to get better, do you see that depression is like that? we left it a bit too late because we didn't understand what was wrong, so we got a little worse. Which meant we were already there, already ill. So now, when we have down days it doesn't mean that something has caused it, if you go on trying to find something, anything, when you don't feel better you will end up hating yourself, being angry at yourself. If you just let yourself feel everything you feel, no explanations as to why you're feeling it (unless you can pinpoint it for definite) then when you have those moments of clearness, clarity and those little moments of feeling happy, you'll be at a better place to try and work out if anything was wrong, because you'll see it clearer. 

Message me ANYTIME you want as well, i'm always here to listen and i love making new friends

hope you feel better soon x

edit: typos, lots. 




