 I would recommend the Phillips GoLite. It is small compact, re-chargable (lasts for about 3 charges) and provides a pure blue light. I tested the pureness with some blue blocker glasses and it was close to 100%. It is the equivalent of about 10,000 lux. A very nice piece of equipment. It is a little expensive though at ~£100.  




 I hadn't heard that bright light actually makes people sleep for longer (51 minutes as the article mentions). I though it just changed the time at which they fall asleep. I wonder why they reported less sleep related anxiety? I would guess at a placebo effect there.

I did a lot of reading on the effects of blue light in relation to sleep onset times a while ago. It effects peoples phase response curves to make them fall asleep earlier or later depending on the time of day it is used. I detailed a lot of information about this on my blog at:

http://tinyurl.com/oldao5l

 




 For me depression is characterised by a thick foggy head which makes it difficult to think. The feeling that even doing a simple task such as picking a sock up from the floor or having a shower is like climbing a mountain. I can feel exhausted after getting ready for work in the morning. Depression can make it difficult to enjoy life and isolates you. You do seem to be going down a route of isolation if you are thinking about leaving school - but maybe the early stages.

I was as you describe when I was younger. I hated school and didn't understand why I was there, I still think that schools are really just big nurseries where society puts children so that they don't cause trouble! They are not places of great education in my opinion, they are places that frequently create sheep as fodder for society.

It could be the initial start of depression, I think that racing thoughts are common but they may be more linked to anxiety than depression. The smoking may be your attempt to self medicate. In the long run you may want to educate yourself on the effects of THC when not combined with CBD. It is common for skunk to have 12-15% of THC content but very little CBD. CBD is the cannabinoid that protects against mental health issues.

My best advice is to talk to a counsellor or psychologist but make up your own mind as to whether to follow their advice. They often don't seem to be much use either other than for emptying your wallet - but I am maybe a little cynical as others seem to have had great success with them. Don't be afraid to change counsellors if you do go to one, find one that suits you and that you can relate to.

If you have good parents then maybe you can chat with them and let them know what you are thinking and feeling. They may be able to help with support and advice. I may be scary to approach them but good parent will want to try to help.

Good luck. 









 I managed to get rid of this but you are only the second other person I have seen mention it regarding sleep. 

When the song started I would mentally imagine pushing it to the far corners of my mind. The further it went the quieter it became until it vanished. I would imagine a big hand doing the pushing. Whenever the music starts I did that. After about a month the repetition stopped. It was a bit of a pain to remember to do it but I got into the habit eventually. I often avoid listening to Lilly Allen as some of her songs go round in my head for some reason. As someone else says maybe it is a touch of OCD.

Hope that helps you as well - good luck. 




 I'm maybe slightly unusual as I think I eventually found out that it is allergies that keep me awake. I don't have a lot of info on why that is yet.

I know that killing dust mites for two hours a week, not eating any dairy and Trazadone has recently been magic for me. The odd thing was that the allergies weren't an obvious thing for me. I also take vitamin D (15 time the RDA) which massively improves my mood but I live in un-sunny Scotland. These videos explain the vitamin D link with sleep very well (http://goo.gl/QqzGw4).  




 Nice to hear the comments about how other people think the same way as me sometimes. I am an atheist but often pray for a heart attack when I go to bed - a little illogical I know but I like eccentric. 

Frequently when I hear about someone dying in the news I think that they are lucky. That might sounds awful from a normal perspective and I am sure that neither they nor their families think that way, but I often wish it was over. 

I have never really though about it before but I had never considered whether or not I was the only person to think that way. I never even saw the thought as a deeply sad place to be in until now. It is nice to know that there is some company in that place though even if there is no way to communicate with it. 't would be even better if that place didn't exist and there was no-one there! Maybe I should make that my next prayer to the god I don't believe in. 




 For me things feel more hopeless as I get older. After 25 years it seems harder and harder believe that I might get better. For me it is that hopelessness that makes it harder as I get older. 

I don't think it is irrational at all. For me it is perfectly logical. If you have tried everything to get better, if you have little help and support, if things are falling down around your ears and you have little hope then not wanting to bear the pain any more is easily understandable. 

Must try to have hope though, must keep working on it.

Hi-ho, hi-ho, it's off to work I go ... 




 I'm sorry to hear about such a negative comment. It is easy and justified to feel slighted. I know these comments are hard to take but it is also worth trying to understand things from the perspective of people who don't have depression, especially if they have been a good friend in the past.

They can't instinctively understand the pain that depression causes. They can only form it in terms of sadness and tiredness - which are not the same thing at all. It is work for them to empathise and try to take that additional step into the head-space of being depressed. Sometimes they get it wrong, sometimes badly so. Everyone get things wrong in life, that is part of the learning experience.

Good friends are very difficult to come by. I have hardly ever met anyone who gets in touch with me to see if I want to go out. When I do I value them highly as they are special. 

It is OK to feel they way that you do but that is also the thinking that causes isolation. Take a break from your friend and maybe in a few weeks when the pain of the comment has subsided you can arrange to meet up again. Maybe try to think about how you can gently explain how the comment hurt you. If they are as good a friend as they seem to have been then they will eventually take the comment on-board.

Of course, if there is no hope for this person then fuck 'em! Not everyone we meet in life is a good match for us!

Good luck! 




