 Bush did 9/11 




 My coworker was getting married. After the ceremony when they came outside to greet their guests, the bride's great uncle had a heart attack and died. Turns out as a joke the brother of the bride got the couple a card for his wedding that said "sorry for your loss."  




 Ok thank you because my boyfriend needs 2 and this just made my stomach sink 




 I just started an internship and every single one has started a conversation with me or around me about weight loss like omfg let a girl live 




 A drug addict that got her into two car accidents  




 I feel annoyed because all the other women are ass deep in diet culture. I don't fucking care how many calories you had today 




 Quicksand  




 State college, PA  




 Pregnancy scares  




 Stop subtweeting me 




 lmao thank u  




 Ahhhh you're going to have a god damn blast 




 Apartments in college towns are the biggest rip offs -___- 




 This was right after I moved in I have Christmas lights now :-) thanks for the tips! 




 [1](http://i.imgur.com/JgbFsMN.jpg)    

[2](http://i.imgur.com/OvwIZht.jpg) 




 Self care I can't emphasize it enough. Make sure you brush your teeth and light candles and change into pajamas and clean your environment etc etc 




 Everything in some cities in Israel are also bomb shelters (bus stops, kids playgrounds) and just seeing soldiers everywhere i mean everywhere you turn. Oddly feels safer.  




 Marathoning ink master and eating chocolate pudding  




 I swiped right. Dating now for awhile and I can't imagine a life without him  




 I was just gonna say!! I work in a prison and we need these  




 Self care.  I keep a check list of things I should do every day i.e. brush my teeth, make sure my hair is presentable, put on lotion. Helps so fucking much 




 alright sweet. its mostly me freaking out if its like 2 hours late once in awhile so that helped 




 thanks, makes sense! 




 im only on month 2 so hopefully it gets better but seriously not a bad idea 




 easy enough, thank you! 




 I suck at this aspect but I'm trying real hard to get better at it. 


note: I searched the archives and none of the ELI5's were specifically about this. Thanks in advance!  




 Smallville? 




 the first season sucks and then it becomes comedic gold, i promise 




 the zoo was fun. holy bad parenting 




 wake up, no bitches.
watch TV, no bitches.
cook, no bitches. 




