 Breakfast 




 Take one host and ask Jesus to multiply it. I heard he has a neat trick for the wine, too. 




 Can I compliment your username? It seems appropriate for an OB/GYN surgery assistant. 




 Artful, beautiful, classic movies make more money for a production company over the long haul than a stream of bad movies. 




 The Dark Knight Rises. Swear to God. Sometimes it just takes the little victories (hey not yet, that cool new movie is coming out) (hey not yet tomorrow is pancake day) (hey not yet the Daily Show is coming back from break today). I think the question is flawed. When you have depression, nothing suddenly snaps you out of it like the climax of a movie. It's a thousand little victories every day. 




 A paradoxical nope in water: Can't kill it with fire. 




 About ten years ago, I convinced my little brother's best friend that I was adopted. He still believes this.
 




 My roommate had an underwear hanger that he would stick to the door with suction cups. 

First, who dafuq has an underwear *hanger*?

Second, of all the places in the dorm, the very last place your underwear belongs is right in my fuckin' face every time I need to exit our dorm.

Third, those had better be the clean pairs. 




 Is that you, Milton? 









 I'm looking for a product, or designs for a product that I can build for myself, that is going to intentionally inflict pain when I am procrastinating.

In order for this to be viable for my personal use, I need something that ideally:

1) hurts like a bitch on command but will cause no permanent damage

2) can be unobtrusive to wear

3) doesn't get blood everywhere or create a mess of any kind

4) doesn't impede movement, for example it makes no sense to hurt my feet if I'm trying to stop procrastinating on my run.

5) can securely sync with google calendar

6) is cheap

7) can run for a long time without recharging

8) maybe can be physically difficult to get off, but not so difficult as to be impossible in the result of malfunction.



If anybody has any ideas, hit me back. Please don't test prototypes on humans or animals. Thanks
 




 I don't mean to hijack your post, but I might have something valuable to say here.

About two years ago I was in a massive electrical accident. I was working on a film set with a 35 foot green screen draped over an alleyway. Sometimes we do this to make the alley look super long in post. Anyway, We had an 18k and a 12k lighting the scene from behind the green screen. That just means that we had an 18 thousand watt light on a big metal stand right next to a 12 thousand watt light on a slightly smaller metal stand, raised up so they can shoot light over this really big green drape. 

Anyway, it was kinda misty out and some part of the 18k circuit touched the metal body of the light. The electricity traveled down the metal stand, across my chest, and to the other metal stand, to the ground. .002 amps can kill you. I got over 180.

I went into shock. They rush me to the hospital and I get the works: EKG, blood work, even this weird treadmill test. Apparently, I have a really big heart due to my asthma. It makes my heart rate really low, so the shock got me between beats, saving me from heart failure and death.

Anyway, after a few days of recovery, I noticed something odd. Some of the colors in my environment seem odd. Strange. Alien. Like they didn't exist. Couldn't exist. Definitely hadn't existed before. 

I got checked out by a neuroscientist who gave me a buttload more tests. In the end, he concluded that my brain was healthy but that some new neural connections had been made by the electric shock. Your brain works on electricity, generated by chemical reactions. And as the electricity travels down certain paths, the paths get strengthened. So when you practice doing a cartwheel over and over, your brain follows the same neural path over and over until the connections are super strong.

Though most of the electricity went through my chest, some of it made it to my brain, giving me an electrical concussion and manually rewrote some of my neural connections. And however my brain had encoded color got a big dose of "not anymore, bitch."

TL;DR : I see impossible colors that don't really exist. And if you're really want to imagine non-existent colors, you just need to hook yourself to a huge dose of electricity...and live. 




 It's a trap! 




 We know and we don't care. In fact, we don't even buy the food. The production company buys the food and gets paid back by the clients and the clients have no idea because they're never on set. And even if they were, there's no crafty security guard who's gonna shoot you in the dick for eating at crafty. If anything, crafty is there to keep the neighbors from getting pissed off at the extra traffic.  




 I guess the whole point of data based research is to shed light on what people actually believe rather than what you believe people believe because of what you've heard on your travels. You don't need to poll every single person in the US to get a representative sample. The margin of error in the report was only 2.2 percent. 




