 I've seen similar things on Huffpost Black Voices and it makes me pretty angry. For one things it implies that there's something inherently wrong with femininity and masculinity is always the standard to be upheld. 

There's been accusations that these shows are white people's attempt to destroy the black family. As a queer identifying black women, I have to ignore the identity erasure. Ah, the beauty of intersectionality.

Edit:spelling 




 If so, then why have religious groups been successful in using their influence to ban people from things that violate their religious beliefs? 




 What type of thyroid problem? Biology nerd so I'm interested.  




 Yes I agree hypo-thyroidism can cause weight gain in some, my sorority sister put on about 10-15 lbs before she was treated.  




 Reading this thread before going to my lab job was a terrible idea. I'm now afraid to touch everything. 




 Your post is super interesting. What's PEG? And is the 2-photon microscope normally safe for live specimens? 




 You could make a laboratory safety cartoon with Gaston and Gallant, instead of Goofus and Gallant. 




 Did you end up with any injury to your legs? That's my worst fear every time I handle sulfuric acid at work. 




 When I was an undergrad I had to use rubber tubing and pipette tip to suck the sperm out of zebra fish.  




 Are you aware you posted this like six times?

Edit: Found 4 more 




 I saw someone blame their obesity on an overactive thyroid. Yeah well, that's not how any of this works. 




 Exactly. Freedom of religion should include freedom *from* it. 




 Don't feel bad about your questions. I have the same worry as a black applicant. 




 Do you guys have general guidelines for how much of each item you put on? Like sometimes my bowl will be heaped with cheese and beans, other days not so much.  




 Those richerds! 




 Sooo, how do you think the dating scene would be for a queer black woman? 




 This times 1000. Exactly the place I'm in. Sometimes for the sake of loneliness I'll go out with someone white, but come back disappointed because it's not the same.  




 Seriously, how does a sticker on a hat affect your life? 




 Source? 




 My mom is Black and has been to numerous Asian countries and loved it. You'll be fine. Listen to other black people. 




 Weird I've spent 3 summers there and never had a negative interaction... 




 Shut up. Race has nothing to do with this cute video. 




 Sweat

Stop tasting the children 




 Which GI diseases? 




 I'd say Bay area, Houston, Dallas and East Coast like DC or Alexandria VA. I'm in Iowa and it's surely not here lol. 




 True, early today I was thinking to myself that the racism I've been dealing with on campus is hurtful and it doesn't make me weak to admit it. It's emotionally tiring. 




 Hey hey hey, I'm 23 and a grad student in Iowa! Currently in the struggle of applying to physician assistant school.  




 I'm now on Zoloft after being on Lexapro and Prozac previously. Prozac gave me restless leg like symptoms and dilated pupils. I had a bad reaction to Lexapro. Zoloft however, has been awesome. I'd go as far to say it saved my life and my grades. I don't feel so mentally weighed down that I think about suicide constantly like before. I can focus more on the day than my feelings. Worst side effects so far is crazy dreams and having a hard time getting up in the mornings. Fair trade. 




 As a gay black person I am indeed a fairy. 




 Let's be honest, if Redditors had fairy god parents a lot of weird shit would go down. 




 With egg? 




 You must have missed that thread were a lady got broken eye socket for shushing 2 black girls in a movie theater. Some of the most racist shit I've seen out of Reddit.

edit:Someone linked it below 




 You're aunt and cousins count as a lot of black people? 




 The next big thing will be shoulder giraffe. 




 Long horse held by long pig. 




 More scales and more people. 




 I read this in a gay voice. 




 Wow, you started with 75? Like no prior experience at all? That's awesome. I'm just starting to get into it. 




 Me too. Thanks God for the internet or else I would suspect I was the only one. 




 Approximately 22 years old.

Huh, he doesn't look anywhere near that old. 









 I do something similar, I would love to know the science/psychology behind this^We're ^crazy! 




 More! *waits patiently*  




 It's like saying something is "on point". Like, really good. Naw mean? 




 Or it will be mailed to your front door step. 




 A dominatrix business run by Super Saiyans. 




 What does this mean? 




 Oh gotcha. 




 accidentally several dicks

You forgot something in that sentence? 




 I need another hit of House of Cards. 




 Great explanation. 




 If that doesn't work back away slowly and pretend to be dead 




 Putting narcissistic pictures on the back of your car isn't black culture... 




 Please show me the statistical evidence showing a positive correlation between increased melanin production and criminal activity.  




 Can we be unicorns together? 




 Minority status isn't about sheer numbers of your population. Do some research. 




 Do you really thing your accomplishments are better than this kid's? I've seen people with these stats at state schools, that aren't Asian. 




 How did Adderall change things for you? I've always been curious about the effect, and wondered if I should have taken it. 




 Your story gives me hope:) 




 How quick are conditioning gains in your opinion? 




 Any tips for good running form?  




 Bravo. 




 Haha that sounds really cute actually. 




 How do you manage to get a tick between you buttcheeks? I can only imagine you were taking a squat in a forest or something. 




 So is he moving people or things? I'm confused. 




 What made you stay for the whole summer even? I would have called appropriate services to help the pets and got tf out. 




 Do you feel like Tampa is a queer friendly place? I've considered moving there after college and loved it as a kid 




 Congrats on your new baby and I hope your wife recovers quickly. 




 Some people need to make small talk, I guess. 




 A cat burglar, if you will 




 Nope Mr. Krabs 




 Ain't nuttin' to fuck with! 




 Even if this incredibly stupid idea came to fruition, how would they prove someone is "sexually active"?  




 As a gay Black person, both these sentiments make me uncomfortable. Gotta love intersectionality.

edit:spelling  




 Oh, my bad. 




 What's the best thing about it? I've been thinking about getting it. 




 Thanks for visual. 




 Right handed oppressor! /s 




 Why are guns difficult for a leftie? I'm a leftie and never shot a gun before. 




 You forgot the vagisil 




 Me too, I was like I drive this to work everyday lol 




 What type of conditioner do you use? 




 both heredity and learned

I think you mean hereditary.

Heredity is based on the genes and associated alleles you received from you parents. Epigenetics and environmental factors influence this as well. And fine motor skills is located in the same place in every normal person's brain.

Source: Biology grad student 




 Someone is actually using critical thinking in this thread. 




 mentally more feminine

Can you explain what this means or feels like? I'm always unsure whenever I hear someone say they felt like a woman "mentally" 




 What advice would you give her if she felt that way about you? 




 No tears, only Biden now.  




 Every family has one.  




 Me too :'( 




 Well jeez. Tell it like it is, I guess. 




 Can you ELI5 what a revocable trust is? 




 Is it costly to close an estate? I've mentioned it elsewhere in the thread but I'll be responsible for my parents' estate and as an only child I doubt my ability to handle it alone. 




 Is closing someone's estate costly? I'll probably be responsible for my parents' and I'm terrified of having to handle it alone. 




 It's not? 




 Your point would be a little more interesting if you could find statistics on what percentage of black people have committed violent crime vs what percentage of white people have committed violent crimes. And I mean relative to their population number not crimes itself. 




 What exactly is black culture to you? 




 Not funny. 




 I have decent sized boobs but I'm worried about the stretch marks that came with. 




 Lupus? 




 I often wonder why nice people seem so nice and what they're actually after. This probably makes me sound paranoid. 




 The thicker the better I always say. Like a milkshake lol. 




 Pretty brown almond shaped eyes. My friends wanna put blush on my high cheekbones but ain't nobody got time for that. 




 You're gorgeous hun! 




 I'm in the process of applying for jobs for this summer and there is pretty much always "optional" questions asking for race, ethnicity, and gender  identification. Back in high school I experienced a "processing error" every time I checked black. So I decided to experiment and click white. Received a smiley face and was told my application had been submitted.  Now as a college grad I'm unsure if I should check the black box, prefer not to answer, or straight up lie. 


I heard these questions are used simply for statistical purposes or for affirmative action or to filter out POC from the applicant pool. What do you ladies do in situations like these? 




