 On it 




 Usually you can just hang around anywhere that has element 115, and they should start to appear.  




 I feel like he saved it with the edit though 




 I... I had this book as a kid... 




 Thanks for being patient and helpful with your answers. It's really cool to have you around because you always try to help. 




 I felt the exact same way you did at first, now I love him 




 I guess the experience is still fun. 




 Good lord, hope everyone is safe 




 I can come get the TV any time today 




 I can come get the TV any time today 




 Emo? Aren't they black and pink? 




 Thanks for taking the time to type this 




 Just because I hold a viewpoint doesn't mean I favor when someone rudely asserts their opinion over another.  




 Well said. 




 Came in the senate, didn't do too bad but I'm out now. Watching di finals! 




 Gold? Cool. 




 Thanks, that was really cool of you to follow up with that. Awesome stuff, hope it leads to new developments!  




 Oh cool, thanks! 




 What do the radios say? 




 Has he found it 




 You look 13 




 You look 13. 




 Funny games 




 Just working all night. Tired :/ 




 Why, by rascal Flatt's
How to save a life, the fray
The book of love, forget who it's by :/
 




 Thanks! You too. I just took like four practice tests the night before, that's about it 




 A lot easier than I expected it to be. The practice one's and previous years' tests were a lot harder.  




 Genius :) 




 Hi :) 









 Happy birthday :) 




 SCP-458 




 Cool, thanks!  




 Good job! What was your class setup? 




 His devoted followers? 




 r/didsaberusfindityet 




 That commercial made my night. 




 I'm too young to know much about life and love, but I can promise you that you will get over him. Just reading your post, I realized how special of a person you are. Your writing, humor, hope and optimism are what will get you over this.  




 Sorry to bother you again, I was wondering if you could help me with another thing. Do you know where I could find data on the same topic, but this time, what % turned up for the election? For example, "38% of Catholics said they voted in 1984." If you can help, it would be a lot of help :) thanks afaib 




 This is beyond helpful, thank you so much! 




 I was wondering if you could help me find some information. I'm looking for statistics on the past 20 US presidential elections, such has how people voted based on their religion, ethnicity, education, etc. For example, "38% of catholics voted for Clinton." I've been searching all over for this data, and any help on finding it would be majorally appreciated. 




