 Get rid! 




 Contact her, you know you want to. Imagine how you would feel if she has succeeded. 
 




 I feel like you just described my relationship with my Father. I've got to the stage, where-if I don't say goodbye then he will do nothing but continue hurting me[mentally} Nothing I do pleases him, he's a terrible husband to my Mother but she puts up with it and he's an aweful role model for my 2 younger brothers. The next time I visit, I'm going to tell him exactly how I feel and why, in private of course. Then I'm never going to look back again.

I'm looking forward to this day. I know there will be a back lash when my Father tells my Mum. But I'll tell her it has nothing to do with her, I still love her and it's up to her if she wants to stay in contact with me.  




 It takes families a long time to adjust. Give them time. Well done for not hiding who you are.  




 Throw the dirty plates at them in revenge! Mwahahahaha! 




 You are a very lucky man to have such a wonderful daughter, now PULL YOURSELF together!!!! Your daughter shouldn't have to do that. DON'T make her!  Take your meds and get better, for her.  




 Stay out of that environment and start fresh. Good luck with the new you! :) 




 How old are you zombie_princess? 




 Yanno, you sound like a lovely guy, one day a lovely girl is going to thank her lucky stars that she found you. Keep smiling, you have the rest of your life ahead of you. :) 




 Family break up is always bad. I have my daughter every other weekend now. She's 6 years old. I'm her Mum-her Dad won custody when he kicked me out to get with the neighbour he was cheating on me with. He got custody because I was too weak/nieve at 18 years old to fight properly in court. By the time I got my act together it was too late. No matter what happens between your ex wife and you-try to keep things as routine as possible for your daughter. If you haven't already-contact a solicitor. It's better to have an agreement on paper over custody than nothing at all. 

Good luck. 




 That happens all the time and you just have to learn to blatantly keep the gap closed between you and the person in front of you. If there's no room there, then they can't stand there-also you always have the option of calling the bouncer, and very politely/innocently telling him about the problem. The more sweet and innocent you come across to a bouncer the more chance you have of him doing something about it.

I've worked in 6 bars in six years and all the bouncers work that way. 

Also, always smile at bouncers within the club, say hi etc. Make the bouncers recognise you, it helps too. :)  




 congratulations :) 
 




 Be strong dude, you're at school . ..you have plenty of time before you start worrying about being forever alone. Wait til you're a bit older,  and fuck about/have fun before you look at settling down.  




 That sounds horrible. Hugs from me :)  




 Maybe it's pants then. 




 He's a frill seeker.
 




 Do it anyway.  




 She is obviously a drain on resources currently. However, give her a chance, send her on some training courses if possible. Give her every opportunity to learn the skills she needs for the job. DON'T dissmiss her so quickly, as she may really want to do well and progress. If after a few months-nothing has improved then it's time to talk to the 'powers that be' within your company and discuss your reasons why she should go. Try to be kind to her as using her looks, is probably all she 'currently' knows how to do. 

p.s Don't forget, depending on what you're selling aka cars/building materials{are most of your clientèle male?}  put her on the floor, even if she's only giving them a small amount of info or offering tea/coffee, male customers will want to stay longer. Beware though, female customers could feel threatened by her-if she is that gorgeous.  




 Not when it's an almost full bottle it wouldn't.
 




 Man the fuck up!!! 




 But you still use reddit. It's addictive. 




 That's my ex's name.  He's my first choice. 
 




 Well technically speaking . .  




 cute. :) 




 Awesome choice! Have an up vote.
 




 My ex, for making my daughter's life miserable. Also my own Dad, he's a penis.  




 Be very careful of doing this. 1}In the future the Father may go for full custody and/or try to be controlling over your daughter. You will have to deal with your daughter asking the question of why she doesn't live with you when she is older(age 6 or 7ish} My situation is what you currently want. Except I didn't choose to see my daughter alternate weekends. It was decided in court. I was 18 and heart broken. I wasn't able to fight logically in court. So he got custody. My daughter is now 6 and I'm 24. I'm going back to court soon for full custody.  This is after he has shown that he does not have her best interests at heart. Court is very stressful and often very expensive. It also takes months. 

Also, if you work -you will have to pay maintenance. But whatever you decide to do, make sure your time with your daughter is fun and busy. Do things with her like finger painting and reading stories. If you put her in front of the tv, sit with her and ask her what her favourite bit of the program was etc. Spending quality time with her is more valuable than anything that costs money. x 




 He's a redditor too. . .  ;) 




 Okay, well every now n then. we could kidnap some hansom lad and rape him all night. . . 




 It ended up as sex, so awesome work :)  




 I dunno, the kinky side of me was lighting up . . 




 I'm not married but I've been with my partner for 3 years. I adore him. However, the thought of spending the rest of my life with one person is scary. I'm only 24 -not the recommended age to settle down.  I think that once a ring is placed on the finger, reality sinks in that you really are with this person forever. That is a very scary thought.  




 why would you want to shit out a puppy that's fucking. You're into  Bestiality paedophilia aren't you? Oh and for the pup to be fucking, you would need to shit out two of them. 
 




 No.  Imagine the clawing at your insides. It almost reminds me of the movie Aliens! Also the fur would give you chronic heart burn.  




 I love him because he's awesome, he's mine and he has a good, honest heart. I feel all soppy now. WTF have you done to me? Now have to go n give him a snog! 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Clitoris_anatomy_labeled-en.svg

Especially for you.  




 I feel a reference to Schrödinger's cat coming on . . 
 




 Bless my child. You will learn one day.  




 It's more like a debt as he wants to 'pay her back' .  . . Give your woman this without getting anything return.  . .Unless she wants to that is. .  ;)  




 It is, which is why when a cat is able to go outside the scratching furniture happens much less and eventually stops. They do their scratching outside instead.  




 Har har!  




 The day I met my man of 3 years. We now have a mortgage together. I'm only 24 so I'm pretty proud of that. 

Least: My best friend is 33 and hasn't had sex for 12 years due to not being able to pull. He's a weed smoking computer geek working as a sous chef. He went to Amsterdam and told me he was 'too stoned' to go to the red light district. ---Real reason-he was nervous. Poor chap.  




 "listen the shit out of her"  Have an up vote.  




 No it isn't!  We love them. Give us a clit and g-spot one every time and we'll love you forever! 




 NOT a cage. That's horrible. Would you like to be stuck in a cage??? 




 I know exactly what you mean. Maybe we should become lesbians? ;P 




 Sarcasm will get you no where. 




 Aha, now I know the secret, I'll tell women everywhere! To be honest though, I was expecting something a little more exciting. lol.  




 Females don't spray like males do. Make sure you keep her in for at least 4 weeks before letting her out. {the official recommended time is six  weeks} Also make sure she is spade and has had flea and worm preventer too. For now, get a cover, like a large sheet and cover your sofa etc. Spray her with water, any time she goes near the furniture that she scratches. Give her a treat whenever she uses the litter tray and when ever she uses the scratch pad. Get her more than one  scratch post and put them in areas that she spends most of her time. If you go out, make sure she cannot get into the room with the most 'scratchy' furniture. Only let her in that room when you are there too. This will get her to think that coming in that room is a treat. Keep to that rule until she stops completely. 

You can buy cat repellent spray. Put it everywhere that she's not allowed to scratch. 

I've been a cat breeder for the last year and the above is tried and tested.  DO NOT get your cat de-clawed. It is cruel because cats use their claw for defending themselves{against other cats outside}, catching mice/ scratching behind their ears/stopping themselves from falling via the grip-e.g on a fence if they lose their balance. When your cat has been in for at least four weeks, and you start letting her out, the scratching habit will quickly die down. 

Last of all, get her toys, especially if she's a young cat. Particularly ones with dangley bits and catnip inside. You can buy cat nip spray to 'refresh' her toys with too. 

GOOD LUCK :) 

 




 I disagree. It's a bit like a puzzle. If you're a problem solver{which needs a degree of intelligence} then you won't find it so hard. Women do give off clues, you just have to find them.

However, I do detest women that purposely try to confuse their partner. I only become more quieter, because I'm not ready to talk about what ever is bothering me just yet, usually when the issue is not directly related to him. 




 Ah of course the U.S.  This is absolutely ridiculous and must be stopped. Are there not any organisations that campaign against this mistreatment? 

{Not trying to rub it in but} We also get it all free. The government is trying to lower the amount of teenage pregnancies. We also can have abortions for free too. The latter narks me off because they are too freely available and some women use them for contraception.  




 Why thank you :) 




 No he doesn't seem bothered. If he's too tired then that is that. Don't get me wrong I get it. For the average couple, I think we do have a good amount of sex. However, it's just not enough for me! I WANT MORE DAMMIT!!!! 




 You ARE odd.   




 Good, it shrinks when it gets cold.  




 Tell them to grow a pair.  




 Fair enough lol. :) 




 Question, why do you call yourself 'Papa'Bear when you are quite obviously female? Shouldn't it be 'Mama'Bear?
 




 Are your friends that incapable that they can't get laid without help?  




