 Would you. Would you really. That's very interesting to hear. Thanks for telling us all. 




 I don't know why you're surprised, half the responses here on Reddit to any attractive looking girl always take the form of "hurr I have a penis and it likes this person-object". Teenagers, man... 




 Agreed. This is one of the few times I've felt personally insulted by trp. If my boyfriend is unhappy it makes me feel unhappy. If he ever cries it breaks my heart and I will do anything to make him feel happy again. I've always been sensitive to other's suffering, people, animals, whatever. Heck, I can even feel bad for terpers at times and the obvious pain and bitterness a lot of them clearly feel. Even so, how can you even begin to prove to terpers that you're offering love or comfort borne out of genuine concern? 

No matter your actions, when you've emotionally isolated yourself with such a bitter world view, everyone seems to have an ulterior motive... :-( 




 My pig Toby is crazy greedy and absolutely wolfs down his food. His coughs when he gets a bit stuck in his throat are like a loud cracking sound, is the best way I can describe it. I wouldn't worry too much if I were you :) 




 Oh my God... 




 So sorry for your loss :(

Nine years is an amazing lifespan though, you must have taken good care of her :) 




 Yes 3 




 I don't think /u/sonic_tower was questioning whether or not Jason Mitchell is a Harvard psychologist, just stating that his opinions don't necessarily represent those of everyone else at Harvard 









 Sometimes I feel like maybe I miss some of the context of trp from not being American. Is women asking for things from complete strangers as common an occurrence as trp and HIMYM would have me believe? 




 Sorry, I'll conduct my large scale scientific study on the subject presently... 




 I've said this in a another thread but essentially I have never had these sorts of encounters whilst out with a male friend or my boyfriend, only when I've either been alone or with a female friend. 

Surely that says something about the intent behind them? 




 I just want to add that I've never had these types of encounters when I've been out with a male friend or my boyfriend, only when I'm out with another female friend or on my own.

Surely that says something about the intent behind them, right? 




 But...but...firing someone because of their weight. Isn't that like... ~~a pretty fucking terrible thing to do?~~ really awesome yeah praise Sagan, STEM is love, STEM is life. DAE fat ppl =/= real people, amirite? /s 




 Definitely. The feeling of doing a thing not so much for doing the thing but so that I can have done it (if you get me) is ruining my experience of a lot of things. One of my least favourite habits :( 




 Yes! I have and it bothers me so much :p I find these days it takes a really captivating read to help me lose awareness of my progress and stop thinking this way. I'm like this with a lot of other activities and currently trying my best to stop it and just be in the moment. 

I'm interested to see what other people have to say about this too. 




  Why does it even fucking matter who has it worse?

Precisely. Yes. Thank you. 




 First of all, Sonia was such a sweet, sassy little hamster and we will miss her greatly. My boyfriend and I had had her for about 1 and a half years, during which time we totally spoiled her, and she never seemed to have any other health issues or suffered any mishaps (apart from the one time she escaped and got stuck in the crawl space above our bathroom :p).

We're unsure as to what might have been wrong with her though, and due to awkward timing we were just too late in being able to get her to the vets and get their assessment. I thought maybe if I described the timeline of her symptoms then hopefully you guys could share some hamster wisdom as to what illness she might have had?


* Friday evening: She seemed her usual self and we had her running about in the living room with us. No apparent problems whatsoever.
* Saturday noon/early afternoon: we heard this sort of cheep-ing / whimpering sound, it's hard to describe and at first we thought it was maybe geese flying over head or perhaps birds outside or possibly our guinea pigs in the other room. Turns out it was the hamster, sounding very sorry for herself in her little nest. When I took her out to look at she seemed a little lethargic but that's how she'd normally be if disturbed during the day. Otherwise she seemed ok and the whimpering only lasted for a few minutes so we just decided to keep an eye on her.
* Saturday evening: woke up and started whimpering again, when I looked closely at her I noticed she had this new, red bald patch on her head. It must have developed quickly over just a few hours since the afternoon and I know I didn't somehow overlook it from earlier because I recorded some footage of her earlier in the day to show her 'whimpering'. She seemed kinda weak but otherwise not too awful. At this point the vet was closed and would be closed until Monday morning, so we had no choice but to hold on.
* Sunday: she pretty much just sat in her nest, occaisionally coming out to go pee or to try to eat. She didn't seem to eat or drink that day though I did give her fresh cucumber slices throughout the day, so she could have some liquid in easier reach. She nibbled on these a little. Bald patch no longer angry and red looking. Breathing pretty laboured by the evening.
* This morning I came through to her cage early and she was dead.


Does this sound like any kind of illness you guys have dealt with? I thought maybe cushings or ringworm (I'm super paranoid about ringworm for some reason) but she wasn't exactly all that old for a Syrian, and her cage is well ventilated and cleaned out very often so I don't know. 

I'm also a little concerned as I also have two indoor guinea pigs. Since we noticed something was up we've been handwashing/sanitising and avoiding unecessary handling where possible, I hope it's nothing communicable...

Anyways, thanks in advance for any input, I've had so many rodents in my time but none has gone so relatively young from anything like this. It's very frustrating to not know why your pet has suffered and died so quickly and I'd love to know how to prevent this happening to future pets.

Oh, and I'll try to upload a couple pics of her head patch.

(P.S. sorry for such a long post :p) 




 What a lovely hammie. So sorry for your loss, we lost our girl this morning too :( 




 This is something that I have always wondered too. It's clear that people with the red pill mentality see relationships as combative and fraught with all manner of horrible pit falls and power struggles, and these are the types of relationships they create for themselves. But why? Why even spend so much time and effort trying to associate with people you have demonised and decide you absolutely hate? Why even bother with relationships at all if you're coming from a position of "this is going to be grueling as fuck but if I don't have X number of successes getting into a woman's pants then some strangers on the internet are going to deem me 'not alpha'". I just don't see what enjoyment is to be gained from it.

You'd think they'd just go for a MGTOW approach to life of just avoiding women all together and just getting on with enjoying their own lives (not that MGTOW is about that, it's about spending hours of your life talking about women online but you get my point). 

It is a shame that as a society, we see men's virginity as a burden to be cast off at the earliest convenience, and measure a man's worth by the number of women he's bedded. From that perspective I can see why maybe some men might feel pressured to do whatever it takes to get laid and appear numerically alpha, even if it means growing bitter and learning to believe some pretty warped things along the way. Thankfully times are changing and no reasonable person would think "hey, some crappy American sitcom implied this so this is what society is like" but what's equally baffling though is that red pill reinforces these pressures on men. You know what, I don't really have any sort of answer over here, I'm just as saddened and dismayed as you are.

Also, welcome to Blue Pill :) 




 Your piggie is adorable. Like, ridiculous levels of adorable. THOSE CHEEKS I JUST CAN'T 




 Ok, I am female. I don't talk about it much but I have in the past been in an abusive relationship. I could not give less of a shit about who suffers the most out of men or women from domestic violence, I just want it to stop and for people to feel like they can get the help they need or the knowledge to recognise if they are with an abusive partner.

Those types of posts piss me off so much because it's obvious that these people want so badly to be able to say "AHA! See?! We men do actually have it worse, so shut up, every woman ever who's complaining about domestic violence!".
It's not about saying "aww shit, domestic violence has been misrepresented as a women's-only issue, maybe let's do some constructive shit about highlighting the needs of victims in general or something constructive-" NOPE. It's about them being able to say "YEAH women are just evil evil evil and want the world to believe that they are victims! Fuck them, amirite?".

GAH. It helps no one! Why can't people just genuinely care about other people without having some hateful us vs. them agenda and dear God I need to go lie down or something... /rant.

Edit: this isn't to say that I can't see why this sort of mentality exists. Imagine you are a dude who maybe feels a bit insecure and unsure about certain social issues and other aspects of life. It must be scary to have someone cheerily come a long and say "hey guys, guess what? Turns out that if you are a victim of domestic violence you're gonna have a horrible time trying to use lawful means to protect yourself!" I'd be concerned to hear that. Demonising and misrepresenting one gender is not going to empower the other one, however. 




 Yeah, for sure. Without going too off-topic and starting a whole conversation about GG (because let's face it, who isn't fed up with it by now and this ain't the place), it's really encouraging to see how people from either side are now trying to open up meaningful dialogue and de-escalate the whole horrible business. Who knows how this will all end up, but I hope it's not too naive of me to think that maybe some good may come of it. 

I'm not even sure if a sense of moral superiority is necessary to incite this type of behaviour, though it's certainly fuel for the fire in terms of keeping negative actions towards others so frenetic and sustained. I think so long as a person feels in some way threatened they will find it hard to think calmly or with empathy.

Feelings, man, why can't we all just be cool to each other, etc. etc. :-\ 




 I dunno, look at things like GamerGate. We still have people who would otherwise consider themselves good, tolerant people yelling hate at other people all over the place. Intolerance isn't going to go away any time soon, unfortunately. The underlying reasons people use to 'justify' hating others may change, but until we figure out how to just have actual empathy for others, nothing much will change. :(

Edit: a word 




 Could be caecotrophs? Guinea pigs, like many other fibrevores produce two kinds of poop, the regular pellets you see all over the place, and a special kind which they eat immediately as they excrete it, so it's rare that you get a chance to see them. I have no idea what they look like but from descriptions they are softer and smellier than regular poops. I'd recommend doing a bit of Googling, I wish I could point you in the direction of something more helpful...

Edit: http://beefycow.com/what-does-normal-guinea-pig-poop-look-like/ Either way, it seems that if you do find them about the cage (instead of them being eaten immediately) then there might be something wrong 




 Adorable. I feel bad for not dressing my own pigs up for Halloween :p 

Good Omens reference? 




 Also the whole thing about sending unsolicited pictures of your genitals to strangers being harassment and that 




 Too late, I did :-\ bloody hell. 




 Good luck OP, and let us know how things turn out. 




 I'll just say it, I love /r/GetMotivated , cheesy quotes and all. Because sometimes you need to just suspend cynicism and take on a bit of good old fashioned quotes-on-picturesque-background inspiration. My God the comments though.

In a way it reminds me of that 'change my view' sub. Basically, someone posts some reason for why you should work hard and do something cool or worthwhile and the comments section does their best to find reasons not to. It especially bothers me because sometimes people post about other people's achievements and commenters just do their best to denigrate and tear apart whatever it is they've done. For example,  I remember this one article about this kid in the 60(?) who sailed pretty much around the world in a one-man boat by the time he was 20 or something. Instead of just being like "aw that's cool, what a lot of work and stuff he did to just do what he enjoyed, how brave to take the plunge and do that entirely alone", all the comments were about how ridiculous or pointless an 'achievement' it was.  

Criticisms mainly took the form of:

- He had a rich family so buying a boat and taking a couple years out, child's play, that's why I could never do it, also that's why it was somehow not an inspiring thing to do

- Sailing around the world? That's not even that much of an achievement, you're just sitting in a boat

- Sailing around the world? That's a crazy hard thing to do, and it doesn't even achieve anything so basically we're supposed to admire this guy who nearly got himself killed for no reason

Gah. 




 "It's not misandry when I say terrible judgmental things about other men because reasons" 




 Oh I get you, cheers. Yeah I've seen that on things like poptarts and other things imported from the US.  




 I'm a Brit and I'm not sure I understand what that means, you mean like on the packaging or...? 




 That's another thing that bothers me about the self-learning jerk; going to university isn't just about the material taught in lectures. For one thing, assuming you go to a decent university, you simply cannot get access to anywhere near as much of the material as just a regular person with an internet connection as you can when you're affiliated with an academic institution. 
But mostly these guys seem to forget, you know, the hours and hours of actual academic work you have to do. Academia isn't just about learning a bunch of facts, it's about training yourself to be a good academic, whether that means learning to craft together a good essay or research report or whatever it is you have to do. Gah. 




 Same, only I was put off because I'm not normally that into 'war stories', definitely one of my all time favourite books though. 




 Seconded! I used to love 'high fantasy' type stories as a little girl, but I guess I lost interest in the genre as I grew up. I used to think I wasn't that into Discworld, as I'd originally tried reading the first couple on the series and wasn't particularly impressed, unaware that these are generally considered to be not at all representative of the others in terms of quality.

I'm so glad I gave some of the later books a chance, and would definitely say to others not to be put off by the earlier titles. 




 God can you even imagine? Like what would you even do if you found a whole sub or forum or whatever of complete strangers just obsessed with you... 




 I'm really sorry, and maybe you're just trolling, but it truly seems like you don't actually understand what it is that most current research psychologists do. Psychology is a bloody huge umbrella for many fields of study. The types of examples you are giving suggest that you are only familiar with the types of things we hear reported about in mainstream science reporting outlets. These tend to focus on social psych, consumer behaviour, those sorts of things which are 'catchy' and easily accessible to those not acquainted with a specific issue. I mean, we can all understand something talking about, say, factors that might make someone act less morally, right? Yet how many people are au fait with problems faced by those studying working memory? My guess is not many people, and that's 'fine' to a point, they don't make for sexy popular science writing. I can see how having this limited and somewhat skewed view of what psychology is can make it seems frivolous, and even ridiculous. How can someone predict the behaviour of a whole group of people, or even one person, or even that same person on a different day? Don't you think it's insulting to assume that no psychologist in the whole time they have spent working has ever thought "damn, humans and their behaviour are complex, best actually acknowledge that in some way"? What the heck do you think they actually do all day?

But like I say, this lopsided reporting presents a distorted view about what else 'psychology' encompasses. Pop sci writing aimed at a general audience rarely ever discusses the pithier, fiddlier details, or subjects like cognition, perception, memory, or what have you, because these are to many people, boring and not easily accessible to someone not intimately involved with them. It's like how we're always being treated to amazing photos of galaxies and crazy-looking bacteria, we can appreciate these no matter what our personal background. Doesn't mean that I, as someone without a degree in physics or microbiology, would ever assume that that's all these branches of science produce, or that it's all photographing stunning nebulae and gamboling about looking at weird-ass frogs.

You know? 




 I think psychology has made some huge strides over the past century, from its infancy as a science to where it is now, and still has much further to go. It used to get me down how little the general population seems to actually 'get' about what psychologists actually do in their research, yet how much they seem to think they know because they can name a handful of social psych studies from the 60s.

Variables can be isolated, but as any psych undergrad will tell you so much of the effort of designing a good study is in simply trying to make sure that you actually are measuring the effect you think you are. It's a challenge and an art form in itself, and I honestly don't think psychologists as researchers get as much credit as they are due in this regard. Don't you worry about it though, read around some of the main psych journals and familiarise yourself with some of the methodologies and statistical approaches to analysing behavioural data. You'll see that psychologists aren't just running around blindly claiming effects from weak methodologies as the prevailing circlejerk implies.

Edit: well, I mean, some are. Some people do weak, lame-sauce science, and those guys suck. But hey, every field has them. 




 Props. Many areas of science, particularly Psychology and Medical research, currently face a big problem with replication. Admitting a failure to replicate in your own work is a neato thing to do, yet sadly probably harder than it should be.

Edit: harder in terms of fearing how it will be received within the research community 




 Thanks, maybe I'll give that a go today :) 




 So quite a few years ago my Mum went to visit family members who were staying in Hong Kong and brought back all kinds of wonderful things, amongst them, a couple of sets of Baoding balls. For those who aren't familiar, they are these things https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baoding_balls 

Ours are pretty much your standard touristy ones, nothing fancy really, they make a pleasant chiming sound when moved.

My question is are there any ways I can incorporate them into meditation? I couldn't remember the name of them, 'Baoding balls', and initially remembered them as just 'Meditation balls' before I checked on Google this evening. However, mostly I just see information about how they are used for physiotherapy and improving dexterity or strength in the hands and wrists. Some sites do refer to them as 'Meditation balls' and allude to the fact that they are sometimes used in meditation, but rarely elaborate beyond that.


Has anyone any experiences of using these in their practice? I'd like to give it a go meditating with them but am still fairly new and unsure as to what sorts of things to do exactly. Should I just use them and focus on the sensation/sound of doing so?

Any help/suggestions appreciated :) Thanks 




 You sound like such a wonderful son/daughter, I hope the two of you continue to grow in love and awareness :-) 




 Seconded, one of the upshots of this app is that implicitly encourages you to stay focused and keep practicing simply by passively keeping a running streak of how many days you have consecutively meditated. I know that doesn't sound like a big deal, and probably is a bit more of a 'goal-driven' way of approaching meditation, where perhaps the emphasis should be on the process itself, but I've found it motivating and helpful for staying disciplined, I don't want to break my streak :p

I also believe it allows you to set alerts for reminding you to meditate each day. 




 Agree with what you say about the length of time; it would be nicer to have a few more longer sessions. Still, I think this works well initially for beginners who might be intimidated by trying longer periods of time (I'm still very much a newbie and apprehensive about how I'll cope with longer sitting sessions, for now these lengths of time suit my needs and ability).

I also just wanted to add that the single one-off sessions are quite fun too. As you said there are SOS meditations (about 3 minutes in length) as well as 'on-the-go' sessions intended to incorporate mindufulness exercises into everyday life (e.g. cooking, walking, running, commuting...). I've enjoyed them and found one or two rather helpful :)
 




 http://i.imgur.com/jSTg31U.jpg 




 I mean it doesn't really take that long to take a photograph, who knows, maybe this was taken after the visit to ER, or whilst waiting for transport there or whatever. Maybe a bit much to judge that her parents are terrible people because they took a photo of her injury... 




 As a newbie I sometimes have similar experiences and have so far been really resistant to them, making me completely tense up and lose my concentration. I have found that on the one or two occasions that I let myself 'go with it' I start to lose my sense of bodily scale, as sometimes happens when I am tired or ill. I dislike this feeling (though I have talked to others who find it pleasant) and usually try my best to 'snap out of it' as soon as possible, and as you say happened for you, this effectively means that I give up and stop meditating. 
 
Most advice I see here often follows the lines of 'just let it happen' and to not resist, and I know that this is probably sound advice, but the idea of letting it all go frightens me. 

Your post reassures me that I will eventually come back to 'normal' if I just go with it, I will try be less resistant in future, as I have been definitely holding myself back because of this. :) 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jg7ktpew2Tc PBS Ideas Channel did a video talking about WTNV and at one point Mike discusses the ideas behind how little explicit info we are given about, for instance, the character's appearance, and also how the fanbase has embraced certain depictions of Cecil. 

I must say it confused me too how there seemed to be a prevailing 'canon' or standard fan depiction of him yet we hadn't been given any explicit description of how he looked. I assumed, as you did, that I just hadn't gotten up to that part in the episodes. 




 I'd imagine so, losing a beak is pretty traumatic and I'm guessing the shock or blood loss would (hopefully?) do it before anything else. :( 




 I had to Google that :p Mine's named after Uncle Toby from 'The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman'. His cage mate is called Tristram :3 




 I have a piggie named Toby as well! :D didn't realise it was such a popular name 




 I mean I know it's popular here but when I read it it was following the recommendation of a friend. And hey I really enjoyed it. Fucking sue me. 




 Yeah you don't deserve those downvotes, I have no idea what is meant by "more to do with psychiatry than psychology" either. It's like saying that someone's cancer is "more to do with medicine than with biology".
 




 House of Leaves scared me more than it probably scares other people, as I wouldn't really consider it to be a 'spooky' book exactly.

I think it was that the time I read it was when I was reading a lot of creepy pasta and other 2spoopy4me type junk on the internet, so being in that mindset I found the narrative framework particularly effective (the story is told through several layers, very much muddled together, so the legitimacy of the different layers of the story is always kind of uncertain or covered in mystery. You know, very much like an urban legend passed on across the internet between many different storytellers before reaching you). All the endless footnotes and asides, sections where the text was written backward, all that sort of thing, for some reason it all just got to me.

As to the actual content of the story/ies, I felt that it contained a lot of themes that personally struck a chord with me. Without giving too much away, the infinitely huge empty house is something which comes up a lot in many of my dreams, and always has. Really I just think Danielewski captured a terrible sense of loneliness and impossible scale, a long with the unravelling of the protagonist, that made me feel hopelessly tiny and vulnerable. 

I really loved this book, I think I gush about it way too often but like I say, it just got to me somehow and felt so personal, perhaps it unsettled me more than it scared me. Nonetheless, 10/10 would be unsettled again.
 




 What a gorgeous piggie. I think Abyssinians might be my favourite breed (not that I don't have immense love for my two non-Abyssinian piggies :p) 




 I like how so many of the comments here are people either feeling threatened and inadequate or denigrating his achievements because he's rich. DON'T EVER CHANGE, REDDIT 3 /s 




 Well I mean they are utter dreck but sheesh folks let's be civil :p 




 Unpleasantly true, I've seen people heavily criticised in /r/dune for saying they are reading (never mind enjoying) the Brian Herbert/ Kevin Anderson sequels, for example

Edit: a letter 




 I find that subs for specific fandoms or topics (like a particular tv show, book series etc.) are generally a lot less negative, though all have their own circlejerks ofc... 




 I'm not the person you were replying to but yeah, this is precisely why I'm glad I read them when I did.
I think I was about eight when I read the first one, I'm 24 now, and I just went a long with the rest of them pretty much as they were released. I sometimes feel so glad to have had the chance to grow up with them, especially as the story was still unfolding book by book. Having said that I'd still recommend the series to people of any age. 




 I don't understand the internet backlash at all. She was quite explicitly standing up for the rights of men and boys everywhere, as well as women and girls. It was a unifying message of love, inclusion, and empowerment, what the frack is wrong with people? :( 




 Read constantly, and read as widely as you can. If it's not already then make it your hobby, and be sure you're doing it for the enjoyment of reading than for simply having read a lot.

Don't neglect to read fiction either! It's great for your mental health, and your personal, emotional, and interpersonal development, plus it's so gosh darn enjoyable.

If there are specific skills you know you want to learn, then there are all sorts of helpful sites cropping up all over the web that aim to give you crash courses in things, try these to start with off the top of my head:

* https://www.khanacademy.org/

* http://www.codecademy.com/

* https://www.duolingo.com/

But seriously, there are way more sites, and probably better ones than the few I know, out there. These ones will do you for getting started with some languages, a bit of coding (though I have no personal experience with that particular site or coding so no idea how 'good' it is for you), and a whole bunch of stuff at Khan academy. It should be enough to get started with.

Not sure which books to read or films to watch? Try searching for the 1001 Films/Books you should read/watch before you die type lists. If it helps, save the lists and tick them off as you read through, get a random number generator up ( http://random.org ) set it to pick a number out of 1001 (or whatever list you're using) and start from there. /r/books  has a top 200 books list too that has some great titles, both fiction and non-fiction. In fact you should be able to find all kinds of lists out there for what to read next, the important thing is to just keep reading, make a habit of it and make it part of your day.

Hope this post didn't read to crazily, I have to be off out somewhere soon so I may have been a bit hasty in my typing :p 




 I want to add that whilst there, if you do decide to go (and be aware that learning needn't require you to go to college, but it is a great place not just to learn, but to have to work hard at learning and honing academic skills) then throw yourself into as much as you can. Whether that be joining student societies or attending guest seminars. I've just come out of my first year as a postgrad and am already feeling a little lost being away from all that campus life has to offer, you'll never have so many opportunities for so many different experiences [Edit: so conveniently] at your fingertips as you do when in university.
And I'd say that having as many cool or whatever kinds of experiences as you can must be a great way for building up life knowledge. 




 Muh bad 




 Surprised no one has said it so far but the Lemonhope episodes really got to me, especially PB's song at the end. I don't know, I think there's just so much going on in those episodes, and as usual they're packed full of morality and stuff. Then at the end, when everything is somehow deserted and destroyed and all that is left is Lemonhope.  I didn't ask for these feels...

Plus Holly Jolly Secrets too I guess, first time we're encouraged to feel anything close to pity for Ice King/Simon... 




