 I love the second idea personally. The first one might cause too much anxiety out and about that can't easily he fixed in your own home  




 You might not get z's though. Deep relaxing breaths 




 Pick a phrase beforehand that has some meaning to you to help you male sure you aren't overwhelmed by the anxiety of your thoughts and who knows whats. Mine is "this is a great movie." 




 I have 25d as well  




 Did you know which nbomb? 




 LSD/Delsyid 




 Aren't we just the worst? 




 The way I understand it is that you become the anti-stereotype. Like, most people picture drug addicts as "burnouts" who "provide little to no meaningful contributions" to society. You would embrace and become the opposite of this, and show that the worth of the person cannot be connected to the substances that they use 




 I have a couple strategies depending on the substance in question.

1) Do so much of it that you show yourself moderation is the best way to handle it (me with drinking)

2) Don't ever carry anymore in your stash than you're willing to go through in 1 or 2 nights. Pre-plan dosages accordingly

3) Occupy your time with something else. When I'm saving something for the night,  I'll keep myself busy throughout the day. Doesn't have to be labor filled or stressful, just something.to occupy the time. 




 I'm glad you asked because I'm doing this combo after I take my drug test on Monday 




 You have a beautiful voice, and I'm glad you survived to share it with us. 




 Right. Like; I paid for my college out of pocket this semester without loans, I've never been late to work or had to call out, and I'm probably moving into my own place sometime in the next few months.  




 But my problem is that I like to talk about my experiences. It got me in trouble the last time I was on coke.  




 My sleep has become episodic and comes only slightly; but always with weirdly vivid dreams that I can remember for about a half hour or so. Sometimes, my dreams will connect like short episodes of a mini series. 

Some of these involve drug use, and the substance will remain in my mind with an urge to do it for most of the next day. It changes based on dreams. My dream was that I was zoned out, alone, nodded with a glass pipe on the table, and no cares in the world. I may not always know what substance is in the dream, but I feel like I am altered in dream.

Drugs that have shown up: Weed, LSD, Molly, Crack, Meth, Peyote, Ayahusca, Cocaine, and one random dream about dying and being reincarnated on Ibogaine 




 What drug(s) would you do if you didn't have to deal with associated stigmas? Like, most people in my demographic don't give a shit if I smoke weed or experiment with psychedelics. Or, even on an employment stigma basis? Or am I just too worried about keeping with what little friend group I have left? 




 DBZ 




 That's not a WTF. That's a funny 




 Read that as Captain Falcon for a moment. Now I imagine Iron Man tanking a Falcon Punch 




 You are a wonderful gift to your family and friends  




 And there is an Alzheimers study involving mice on the Frontpage and I will say the same thought now that I had there. When will any of this become available for human trial? 




 You're correct in that I was looking for something to blame, and that I should have paced myself better. However, I'm not blaming the Vyvanse. I'm blaming my impulsive nature and reckless tendency to not cut myself off or even really know when to do so. 




 I've read too many benzo blackout stories. Didn't think amphetamines would do about the same.  




 Yeah it'll become another good story, like the time I tried to smoke a pickaxe like it was a hookah, or the night I almost died.  




 The only positive I have right now was that I wasn't told I could never go back over there, but I am no longer allowed to drink there. Waiting to hear back from the other person living there.  




 Never again. One or the other likely. Both together? Hell the fuck no. I'm pretty sure I tanked a good friendship and a good chunk of my social standing. I was told about what had happened last night. Basically, I Pissed on the carpet and puked a lot at said friends place. So again, never bringing this combo back into my life.

Edit: One roommate was like "yeah, train_subject2252, you might want to cut back on drinking for a while" and the other said "Just bring some weed the next time you're over. Oh, and still don't drink here again." 




 They have one, I believe,  that used to be used on alcoholics. It basically rewired their chemistry to where the person in question would forcibly vomit if they drank even 1 beer. I'm gonna go check for a source 

Edit: Source http://www.drugs.com/antabuse.html  




 How do you feel about A Serbian Film? 




 Weed: Curiosity and a friend had it.     

Once I realized one time wouldn't get me addicted and I wasn't ruining my life, I started using other substances mostly to see what they were like, and a shameful time or two of trying to be cool and edgy 




 I've got a couple for this:

1) One of the first times I ever did acid, I wound up driving myself home after everyone else started to pass out. I expected my roommate at the time to be asleep or at his lady friend's place. Such was not the case, and my roommate asked if I was on drugs or something (anti-drug fellow) I also had a lofted bed at the time so I just told him I was drunk, grabbed my pillow and blanket off my bed and slept on the floor. So there's my fail.   

2) My success is basically everyday, between taking phone calls and planning arrangements drunk as fuck if I don't have to be somewhere or high as fuck if the day of the week ends in Y

 




 I haven't been outside the U.S. so I can't say for certain, but I figured it would apply to most developed countries.  




 I'm at a St. Paddy's get together so no worries on me lol. But thanks for the concern /u/roi_on_steroids  




 Not sure if condescension or sarcasm or both lol 









 It's as I thought of the project already: ambitious, but a tad unrealistic at the time. 




 So we're all on a conveyor belt and fed years of marketing? Good metaphor for American life  









 Season 9 comes out on Netflix this month  




 Listen to the AMA by JP Tremblay, Mike Smith, and Robb Wells (Julian, Bubbles, and Ricky). They said that John Dunsworth (Lahey) has never been drunk on set and doesn't drink in general.

Edit: put the response in the right place this time 




 Listen to the AMA by JP Tremblay, Mike Smith, and Robb Wells (Julian, Bubbles,  and Ricky). They said that John Dunsworth (Lahey) has never been drunk on set and doesn't drink in general. 




 Bowser takes over the Mushroom Kingdom. Thanks, Obama. 




 Yeah, Not Another Teen Movie was wonderful. /s 




 I saw Family Guy use this in a cutaway as a "million dollar idea". How would this fight turn out? Movie universes for both, Nolan verse for Batman 




 Agreed. I have my gun time. I have my drug time. These two don't meet, unless it's an open field and a case of beer....gotta get new targets somehow 




 I love the sentiment and fully agree. But I actually am in full control of my life, what I'm doing, and I have a strong vision laid out for my next few years 




 Funny you mention that. I actually have some saved back  




 True. Mine is also out in the country a ways so I don't have to worry about that 




 I love night trips as well, it's just being able to be outside without all the weird glares and looks is refreshing. Also, it's sunny and 60, after months of well...not being that. What's not to love? 




 Your user name's command was not heeded 




 The doubling down on Murphys part? They're all like "he's totally never sniffed glue before, no way he knows what that's like" and yet, you know, he has. It's all double talk 




 First off: yes, highly recommend
 
I took 2 hits of some good acid about 3 hours ago, and I like where this trip is heading, mainly because I'm the pilot of my own journey, and not being led along.

I also feel more calm and centered compared to other trips, and I actually feel like I'm doing something with my day off.

I just wanted to put words in this box. 




 I read the BWAH in Hank Hill voice 




 I think you're recommendation at the 150-220 is a little high for some people on their first time. I'd keep it between 100-150 personally. Also some people have different thresholds when it comes to 'tripping'. 




 I wouldn't say I get anxious. No, I go in the polar opposite: I get giddy, excited, I act like a kid in a candy store who can pick out whatever he wants.  




 I jizzed in my pants! 




 And then Arnold came from the future seeking John Connor 




 I've always seen and heard that you should wait at least a month in between each time doing it  




 Spice  




 And you will probably feel this way for the rest of your life 




 My high changes based on what I have been doing within the past week or two, from the holy fuck I'm baked of being sober for that time or the I feel warm and fuzzy and colors looks warmer of shrooms 




 4 or 5. Jack would kill a couple people, then Anubis would gradually become faster and more adapt, learning all of Jack's techniques, and then being able to defeat him. If someone can link a good strength feat for Jack, then he could possibly do what Star Platinum did to defeat Anubis.  




 I was scared for you while reading this  




 They could also go through a bunch of home remedies and absurdities, including drinking piss or semen, enemas, amongst other shenanigans, before saying fuck it and doing all the drugs 




 You're taught to shoot for the areas with the greatest surface area and highest probability to hit. Also, I know a few people who own tazers and have been tazed myself, and it's not the worst thing ever 




 Don't stick your penis in that child 




 OH GOD KILL IT!!!!    

Then cook the body 




 Because sometimes you need a beer to cope with the spiders  




 Can we use implied feat to extrapolate army sizes? Otherwise, they collide and fragments break off, turning into cosmic debris  




 Reading this almost made me sneeze 




 Paris Hilton was signed by Young Money 




 Cooking, netflix, wikipedia

Edit: I now have a car and job 




 Furniture. My poor toes  




 Can you smell what The Rock is cooking? 




 Last Wednesday, I did a .3 of MDMA and settled into listening to some music. I was enjoying myself, immersed in my peak, until I heard a loud knock on the door. I couldn't answer it since I would not have been able to hold a conversation. So, my parents wind up being forcefully woken up, and there was an officer at the door who brought my brother home. It turned out that he fell asleep at the wheel and ran off the road. I found out the next day that my brother blew a .05 and he had snorted 5 Loritab (his words) and then I told him my situation and how scared I was that there was a cop in my house while I was rolling. He laughed it off and was thankful he wasn't taken to jail. 

Now I ask, what drug experience led to your biggest anxiety attack? 




 Does your grinder ever squeak? I have the same grinder and the thing does not shut up 




 ITT: acronyms  




 I remember whenever my cousin got out of rehab, he had to get his wisdom teeth cut out, and he said afterward the only thing they were allowed to give him was a little sedative for the operation and a higher dose ibuprofen.     

When I had mine done, I was sedated and given Oxy (I have no idea why) since Oxies seemed way too strong. 




 This reminds me: I need to get back into the swing of one of my hobbies: bowling.  




 As of when I was in high school, yes. Also I see them come by my house twice a day still, and that's even after moving states. Where do you live that they don't run buses? 




 Why didn't they just put the kid on the bus then if the parents can't get him to school on time?  




 The last time I cleaned my wallet out, I found 3 hits of LSD. I cleaned it out again today, thinking I was going to find something. Well, I found an emergency 20 bill I had 




 The last time I cleaned my wallet out, I found 3 hits of LSD. I cleaned it out again today, thinking I was going to find something. Well, I found an emergency 20 bill I had 




 Fruit by the foot sounds like it could double as a gay porn title  




 I see the decaying remains of a once thriving planet as it gradually settles into gas and cosmic dust, showing the true circle of universal life. Beautiful  




 Because the night time is most commonly associated with when people can relax because the hustle, bustle and competition of everyday life usually happens when the sun is up and most people are at work 




 Worst stoner ever, The Intercept:   

Okay, so a group of about 4 of us rolled up a couple blunts to smoke around before watching some Blue Mountain State. Everything is about normal, until one of the other guys (Intercept) goes to get water. He comes back, and instead of sitting in his chair, he walks over, grabs the blunt out of rotation, calls it an "interception" and proceeds to hit it...and hit it....and hit it. I have not smoked with this friend since because that completely ruined the circle. Even if it wasn't my weed in the blunt (mine was in the other one) that's still a shitty move. After that, I grab my weed and blunt, and leave,  saying I had somewhere to be. I've seen him do this with hookahs as well, and no one calls him out on it. Nice guy, just...that moment left a bad vibe on my [6]

My other one is the Storyteller:   

This was a couple years ago. I had a bowl packed and going around, and it was smoked. Highness was felt. Then my friend at the time packed a bowl and passed it around. About midway through the second bowl, my friend starts telling a story, and goes on for about 15 minutes (I looked at my phone clock) without taking a hit or passing it. So, I ask whenever there is a break in the story if he is going to pass the bowl. His response went a little something like this: It's my fucking weed, don't be a mooching cock sucker, I'll tell a goddamn story if I fucking feel like it, and if you don't like it, then you take your dumbass home and don't bother me again. Other people were visibly bothered by his drawn out, retold stories, but I decided I'd be the one to nicely say something. As a result, I do not smoke with this friend. 


I noticed in general my smoking circle has shrunk a lot, but the people who hit me up for stuff is rising. Also I have no problem with people telling stories, it's just whenever you're story is drawn out and there is a perfectly good bowl not being touched by anyone because one person is holding up the circle. I understand finishing your thought then taking a hit, because that is how I tell stories when stoned. 
 




 MP5 Deluxe. Also runs well between 3 people  




 Can Jules Winfield (Pulp Fiction ) stop Stone Cold Steve Austin (WWF/WWE) from saying what? 




 WHAT? 




 Based on what the chart bot showed me, I would attract a hookah smoking, drug using, bong ripping, comic book loving metal head who likes kittens. So basically, half the dudes on Reddit. 




 Not a single bit of love for Lars Ulrich? Or are we not allowed to like Metallica? 









 I tried to take off the top piece of a Kaloud Lotus without using the handle...I got 2nd degree burns on my hand after that one  




 Is that a horizontal diffuser? Also, I love the MP5 family! 




 Primus did the theme song for South Park 




 Smoking weed, making straight A's, living in my brothers shadow for a while, and some people thought I tried too hard 




 T

Buy tabs, go on adventures.      
Buy a Thunderbird, drive around.   
Implant titanium in my bones, be knockoff Wolverine.  
Live off Thai food.  
Buy toilet paper, stock up and resell during winter storms.     
Buy thermite, become the next Michael Bay.  
Buy everything else in the future as a technicality or theoretical expense.   




 Love the suggestions. Listening to John Williams though  




 Spring Awakening June 12-14, Soldier Fielf. Chicago, Illinois  




 Day 5: don't do them together. Coke kills MDMA rolls 




 $2700 at the most 




 Use a reagent kit. Seriously I've been sold meth and shit before, per my symptoms lining up with Erowid experiences. Don't trust it 




 Weed was for depression/anxiety.  
I took any pain pills I could find for my messed up back.  
MDMA gives me that open ability to talk about my life. 




 Officially diagnosed twice with Asperger's here. I can't talk to people well on a lot of things. Shrooms mellow me. LSD apparently turns me into a pretentious asshole  




 Update: loving the vibes. Had another friend suggest extra music so I should be good for most of the roll 




 I want to rip my bong sooooooooooooooo bad but I have a job interview Friday and a likely drug test next week. Haven't smoked in almost 2 weeks. It just feels like forever and my dreams have been weird. 




 I feel like this is every stereotypical stoners argument ever 




