 I love cooking spaghetti alla carbonara and stir fry!!

I went to Florence and Rome. We stayed in Florence for 3 nights and Rome for 1, both were amazing :) 




 Hello, Elijah Wood!! This will probably get buried, but I'm curious. How often do people ask about your eyes?  




 Hmmm, it's hard to say. I would say, a toss up between Metal Gear Solid 3 and Beyond Good  Evil. And Silent Hill 2. 




 I missed a day and have to catch up, so I'm here on a day no one is around. I brought my tablet because I was supposed to skype with a friend while I worked, but they are not online and I'm bored.

Uhh, I guess some more stuff so I seem interesting... I went to Europe in March, I love Harry Potter, the building I'm in is tall, I'm near the top, and it's windy, so there are a lot of ominous creaking noises... I liked a pizza I had in England better than one I had in Italy, but they were all delicious. I like video games, cooking, and penguins. 









 Quick ?, should I/can I mark this as solved? 




 Cool, thank you :) I've never seen one before. It looked like it had a skull on its head. My friend said it was obviously a fly that had evolved. 














 If you know where this is, please let me know. I accidentally hit the back button on my mouse before I could actually play this round. :( This is just where I was placed, right next to a dude in a panda suit. 









 I was placed in the middle of a field with absolutely 0 ways to tell where I was. There was a field of wheat next to me, and all other sides had trees. I can't remember where I was anymore exactly, but I randomly guessed South Dakota but I was somewhere in Europe.

It's frustrating but interesting!! 




 My SV: I hit 40 pounds lost yesterday!!!! Only FIFTEEN more to go!!! 

My NSV: I had stopped weighing myself because I was becoming obsessive. I was convinced I had gained weight, until I tried to put on a bra I hadn't worn since January. It was so huge on me, I was convinced my friend (who has always had much larger breasts than me) had left her identical bra at my house. It wasn't even in the "well this is a bit big but I can wear it around the house at least." After checking the sizes of the bras I had been wearing I realized I went down from a 38DD to a 36C!! How do you even miss that? 




 I learned this the hard way on my counters. I was so excited that I had finally gotten that stain out for about two seconds before I realized what had happened. 




 I've been going to therapy since I was in 4th or 5th grade. I saw the same one from the beginning until I was about 17, and I know I made little to no progress with her. I didn't want to see a therapist. I was forced to go by my mother. 

After I stopped seeing my first therapist, there was a while where I didn't see anyone. Then I saw a few different ones, one I saw for two years, I did a few group therapies, but I never took anything away from it, not really. A DBT group therapy helped a bit, but it was a therapy I actually wanted to go to. It was short term, unfortunately.

Besides the DBT group, which was more of a class than therapy, I never was wholly honest with any of them. I avoided topics that would upset me, I would spend the whole time just talking about whatever. I talked to them like I was just having a conversation with my friend. And they always let me. I was with my last therapist, who I thought I liked, when I had a revelation. *I'm giving this guy money to have a conversation with me.*

I stopped seeing him, and was without a therapist for a long time. I had started seeing a psychiatrist and I thought, I'm taking my meds. I don't even need a therapist! But my psychiatrist urged me to get one, so finally, after months, I got the energy to find someone to work with through my insurance. 

The first session was okay. I tried to tell him a sort of condensed version of my life story, but I got sidetracked after mentioning Harry Potter, and spent the whole rest of the time talking about how much I love Harry Potter. Not real therapeutic, as I'm willing to tell anyone who will listen about how much I love Harry Potter, but he said he usually just lets the client talk about anything they want on the first session since they can be very anxiety-inducing.

The second session, well. It started off okay, got bad, and then worse and better at the same time. I started off like how I went through every therapy session in the past. Casual conversation. I don't even remember what I was talking about, but after ten minutes, he held up a hand. He said he didn't think he could work with me. He had no idea how to help me. I jumped from subject to subject and he couldn't keep up, and he didn't think we would be able to work together.

I didn't know what to do. I had been dumped by my therapist ten minutes into our second session. And finding him had taken so much work for me. It takes so much energy for me to make appointments as an established client, and it takes ten times as much to have to find someone and hope they'll take me. It had taken months to find the energy to find this guy, and the prospect of having to do it all again was looming over me.

I just started crying. Slowly at first until I was a huge mess. This is kind of a big deal because I do not like crying in front of people. I barely cried at my own father's funeral, because there were people around.

I started babbling about things, and he says, "This is something we can work with."

I learned that therapy is hard. I've been going to therapists for over half my life, but it wasn't until that day that I learned what therapy was actually supposed to be about. I finally found a therapist who isn't going to let me bullshit my way through my sessions. I feel like he actually cares about me getting better. 

I'm still depressed right now. I struggle in my daily life, and even when I'm not feeling sad or worthless, I still feel hopeless. Like I'm never going to get better, this isn't going to go away, what's the point of continuing to be a burden on my whole family? And I'm still not entirely full of hope, but I feel like, at this point, I could one day be a little more hopeful that I won't have to live every day in this dark pit of depression.

I'm going to continue to see this therapist, and I'm going to try and actually deal with my issues. I'm so tired of feeling like this all the time.  I think I'm ready to learn how to be happy. 




 Put me in a room full of balloons, with various objects that could potentially pop them, and turn a fan on.

I would confess to anything so fast. 




 Well, if it's friendly, then definitely the shark. 




 I don't know that much about alligators, but what sort of shark are we going to be swimming with? I think alligators are more vicious, as long as you aren't bleeding/the shark isn't hungry. Plus, aren't alligators the ones who drag you underwater, then sit on you until you drown?

I'd rather swim with sharks, I think. 









 I did get that email! Thank you so much!! 




 Just a quick FYI, I never received an email. Not sure if it's important or not, thought I would let you know. 









 You have more than made up for it, honestly. I was hoping for just someone to tell me what to do with the spare jacket before I left!! This is one thing I don't have to stress over anymore, and it was causing me a lot because if they sent me a new one while I was out of town, no one would be here to get it, and it would be sitting on my doorstep for a week. Also, finding a jacket that is within budget and still warm enough was going to be not fun at all, but I can already tell from the jacket I got that this will keep me way warm and way happy. You are amazing. Thank you SO MUCH. 




 Oh my god I'm actually crying a little. I was going to go out and buy a new jacket tomorrow for the trip, but with two day shipping it will get here in time. This is more than I could have asked for, thank you so much. This is amazing. 




 Yes. Thank you. This helps me a lot. I've been very stressed because I'm trying to do too many things with too little time, so I may have freaked out a little more than necessary. I honestly didn't even notice it was the weekend at this point. Do you happen to know if I have to send the incorrect item back, and how it will be done if I do? Sorry to bother you with more questions. 




 I'm going out of town on Wednesday, and I have a lot of stuff to do between now and then, I don't really have time to sit around waiting for them to update Twitter... 




 I'm concerned because my friend emailed them months before the kickstarter even began, and never got a response. Recently, other people I've talked to haven't gotten responses in up to a month. :/

I still haven't found anyone who got the correct item in the end, either, which is kind of making me nervous. 




 I read that. I sent an email. I don't see anything that refers to tickets except in text, so I assumed they meant to send an email.

It doesn't answer my questions, though. Lack of information suggests that I would not have to pay shipping or return the incorrect item, but I also can't find anyone who got the wrong item and was able to get the correct item sent to them, everyone I talked to said their emails were never responded to, either. 




 EDIT: PROBLEM VERY SOLVED, THANK YOU SO MUCH RACHELPUMPKIN!!!!

*********

I ordered a medium Breath zipper hoodie and got an extra large. I'm pretty peeved because my family doesn't really have $50 to be throwing around, but my mom was awesome enough to buy it for me.

I tried to send an email to What Pumpkin, but they never responded. It has been nearly a week and I sent 4 emails*, I tried contacting someone via twitter, I emailed someone involved with WP directly... I'm about to send another email through the WP website because I want to include an attached picture of the tag  the paper that confirmed that I bought a medium that came with it.

So basically, I'm looking for someone who had a similar problem but was able to get it resolved, because I have some questions.

1. How did you contact What Pumpkin to let them know of the problem?
2. How long did it take them to respond?
3. How long did it take to get the correct item?
4. Did you have to send the wrong item back? If so, did you have to pay shipping on it?

I'm asking about returning it because I have a friend who said he'd take the big one if I got to keep it, and he lives very far away. I just happen to be going to see him next week, so I could give it to him in person instead of paying shipping to him.

And for shipping, I don't feel like I should have to pay more money for them to fix their mistake. I already have to buy a new jacket.

Thanks for any information.

*I wouldn't have sent so many emails, but I kept screwing up the information and having to send an email with the correct information, thinking that the information I supplied didn't match the information with the order was the reason for a lack of response. 




 ohhh so that's what cockles are, i had no idea either. i also had no idea what those particular shaped clams were called, i just called them clams. now i know. 




 That's all I remember. I watched it when I was very little. I remember it taking forever for the monster to come out and that I was very annoyed that it took so long. It could have been long to a child but not to an adult, my memory could be exaggerating the length, too.

I thought it was Creature from the Black Lagoon but I don't think so anymore. 




 This is really strange and I have no idea how to google it. What I've tried has given me people with similar, but not quite the same, problems.

Basically, there's a high-pitched buzzing/humming (?) noise coming from the left built in speaker of my monitor. The weird thing is that it changes depending on what is displayed on my monitor. Different tabs of Chrome or skype message windows, they all give slightly different buzzing sounds. They are all fairly high pitched, some louder than others, some lower pitched, but they are all driving me crazy. I tried disabling the speakers from the device manager with no change. I turned them down all the way. I disabled them from the sound properties.

My monitor is an HP w2207h. I use Windows Vista 32-bit. I'm unsure of my computer's technical specs... It's an HP Pavilion Slimline. It has 3 gb of ram and the graphics card is NVIDIA GeForce 210. 

It also has a weird problem where the left side of the letters (worse near the top of the screen) are slightly fuzzy and... wiggly? Is the best I can describe it. Like static on one side. Unsure if it's related, it happened for a long time a while ago, then stopped for a very long time (year or more) and recently started again (as in a day or two ago). It's annoying too, so I'd like to fix that.

Oh, and restarting doesn't help anything.

Thank you so much for any help you can offer!! 




 Definitely not. The sword was either just a normal broadsword or a katana or really anything slimmer than what Cloud used. Thank you, though. 




 I bought one from a local comic con, but I rarely wear it because it doesn't have a clasp or anything. It came loosely tied, and I tried to make a sliding knot but it's pretty poorly done. I'm curious if yours is the same? 




