 Improved nightingale bow and chillrend (both Flawless grade). Really love paralysis chance! Sometimes I switch to Nightingale blade for health and stamina absortion and mace of molag bal for soul traps. 




 I'm an apprentice wizard, not a pack mule! 




 "If you want strength and unity, you join the imperial legion. If you want to fuck your sister you join the Lamecloaks." 




 That must be nice to have. I hate how NPCs in Skyrim walk too fast when I myself walk, but they're slow as hell when running. (or abruptly stop altogether! what's up with that!) Following that dog Barbas was trying to say the least. I didn't realize I'd have to walking that far... 




 These are so much better than store-bought $5 per piece macaroons. I really like Cookie Monster ones! Yummm 




 Robert Redford 3 I think he has a softer edge, more "good boy" look. Brad is beautiful too, but Redford is classic. 




 God I hate it when I pass by her. "What, I'm not scared of you. I'll fight anyone!" Only a child would dare to annoy someone who's bored of killing dragons... 




 On top of that, what would you do with a golden cup? It's not like merchants will buy it off you without reporting you to the authorities for greater rewards, and you can't eat the damn cup when you're starving to death... 




 Knowing when to use a and the. It's very minor but it seems arbitrary at times. 




 Iirc she was accused of sleeping with multiple men and was imprisoned. 




 I love how this idea is so plausible in GRRM's world. 




 The charges are different from those in the books so I wonder if she'll be treated as harshly. I think I'll endure Margaery's momentary pain if Cersei faces her ultimate shame... Would Lancel sing before the High Sparrow? I hope he does. 




 Yeah, now that you mention the lyrics it seems Bronn is a goner. Such a shame... I loved his quirky character. I like how --despite I mourn Tyrion's (albeit temporary) downfall-- Bronn stuck to his character as a sellsword and was not swayed by words of a "friend". If he does go I'll miss him terribly. 




 I kind of smile remembering Lilly Allen's song about her brother. If that song bore any truth he came a long way. I've always enjoyed his scenes, whether they were heartwarming (with Robb) or utterly despicable (Winterfell siege). Really well-rounded. His Reek performance feels so genuine, I want to buy him a good cup of tea and tell him he can still make things right. ... though knowing GRRM I don't know where he could begin... 




 That is so true. I keep believing in vain hope and get sucker punched. And I come crawling back to GRRM... Only HE would keep his audience in a sado-masochistic relationship, fully satisfied. Damn. 




 I completely agree. As someone mentioned here I used to play the Sims like crazy and this dlc is perfect for me.

What's that, Serana? You want me to follow you so we can defeat the evil vampire lord? Sucks for you, have to go to Half Moon Depot to get lumber. 




 Wasn't there another post who's like thirty years old and never had any relationship in his life, blaming women for being so shallow? His comments were super pretentious and reeked condescension. They pretend like they don't care about what others think and yet they go on askmen and askwomen subreddits desperately waiting for someone to agree with them. why not just be honest.

Also 18 and all grown up? I hope he ends up cringing at himself later when he gets older. We all have experienced this but this guy is really doing his best to ward off any possible allies.

Oh wait, by his standard we are inferior to him so he wouldn't deem us worthy! Hurray! 




 The show cast, though brilliant, is too beautiful. Jorah - Iain Glen is one and them Iwan Rheon as Ramsay. Ramsay is supposed to be pretty repulsive in appearance but damn he's now hot as hell on TV. It also doesn't help that I watched Misfits haha 




 And I felt like he wanted to get away from Cersei. Get Myrcella, yes, but for her sake, not Cersei's. At least I hope so. The show Jamie hasn't showed a lot of change in his attitude towards CerseI but I would like to believe he's changed :s 




 Thank you :D 




 Still catching up with the books here: does he get greyscales in the book too, or is this tv-original? 




 That too, but I was also thinking that she might find a victim of Ramsay's cruel game of girl coursing.  




 "someone lieeeed! They said poor Cicero is... a lady." 




 It can't be good for my crotch 




 Thank you, I had to resort to console'ing. Luckily it did the trick :) 




 Thanks, I don't know what triggered it, but it turned out to be a bug after all. :s  




 Mayhaps that be Sandor Clegane? 




 A CEO of a major corporation in South Korea committed suicide after leaving a list of politicians that he bribed, one of which was the prime minister of the country. The PM resigned later on.

I was born in this country but am a citizen of another. Corruption pervades every aspect of life here... pretty sickening. 




 Oh did it say smoke you in the original? I saw it recently on TV and thought they'd censored it with the "less offensive" word haha 




 Ahahaha that's a very interesting idea. May I suggest you do it as a Nord? :p 




 Pragmatic! 




 You know the series is good when side characters are as memorable and likable as the main ones. 




 I can sympathize, but most NPCs give warnings first before zapping me... I wish vanilla Skyrim gave him more story. I didn't find any notes in his house explaining what he was doing. 




 Never thought of it that way. I should give this a try. I didn't bother taking up serious archery because hack and slash felt simpler and more ready at hand.

Does anyone use archery as it's supposed to: staying far from enemies and being all clandestine? I just keep shooting while I get hacked to death. :s So I end up reserving the bow for stealth missions. 




 I felt like that was more of the Thalmor's doing. And I saw a lot of Talos worshipers despite the persecution so it didn't strike me as that big of a deal... 




 Yup. Gotta take care of the Thalmor first before fighting each other. 




 Aww. Well, fair enough.

I too played (and am still playing) as a Redguard! I didn't particularly think the Nords were looking down on Redguards but yeah, I may have felt more partial to the Stormcloaks if I were a nord. 




 lol @ bear people. I suppose the Imperials came a long way since their days of racial inequality. 




 Any particular reason for choosing Stormcloaks? Aside from Ulfric being a badass of course. :D 




 You may have seen this already but... relevant :P 
https://youtu.be/KVeIid2Dv9Y 




 This is awesome! I didn't really get why Delphine was so stubborn on the subject. I should try this mod. Thanks! 




 - EMPIRE or STORMCLOAKS?: http://vote.pollcode.com/58192785

I think it's one of few quests that kind of made me sick because of moral dilemma. I myself chose the Empire because I was introduced to TES via Oblivion and well.. it's hard not to like Patrick Stewart's empire. Still I was sympathetic to Ulfric's causes. Visiting Windhelm became painful for me after his death.

- Did you choose to kill Paarthurnax?: http://vote.pollcode.com/32576536

This one was easy for me. I didn't kill him. It seemed plain wrong to kill the dragon after he helped me murder his own brother for the good of the world :s

I'd love to hear what you chose to do, and why. 




 Is this Drelas? I remember playing Skyrim for the first time and coming across his cottage. He was not nice. 




 Do mudcrabs still prevent fast traveling? D: I thought they let you travel when you're being targeted by mudcrabs and slaughterfish. Damn, Bethesda. They're not worth our time! 




 I always got this message when I visited the Dark Brotherhood Sanctuary in Falkreath after [Dark Brotherhood Spoiler](#d "it was sacked by Imperial agents and burnt to the ground.") There would always be one archer trying to ambush me even after the whole quest line was completed. Not sure if this is a bug or the agents are meant to be there all the time... :s 




 S/he's beautiful! Any special planned for today? I've always wanted to try kitty-friendly bakeries. 




 Yeah, trying the NA server now and not getting any responses even after repeated attempts. 




 I'm certain I would eat it everyday if I could... There's something about it that makes it so addictive. 




 I love it when they all squish in together and make silly faces. 




 Are you sure you're not pulling our legs and posting a photo from a gorgeous kitty calendar? XD He is so photogenic!  




 Goodness gracious... Please keep us posted in /r/cats! I would love to see sequential photos of him/her growing! 




 Thanks for pointing that out. I thought it was exotic but didn't know what it was exactly. It really adds nicely to his character as a seasoned swordsman who's traveled everywhere! 




 Yeah, but I can understand the sentiment. The opening scene of S5E4 was so dark I was sure it was Gendry. 




 I was so touched by this scene. If it weren't for the whole red woman affair, I would be in for Stannis the Mannis all the way. But I suppose the inclination towards "ends justify the means" makes him more complex and human. 




 I agree completely. He did wrong things for reasons that he believed to be right. I mean, there are a lot of characters like that, but after reading his background history I could understand why he was so ruthless, albeit unable to condone. Also I loved how he was pretty much the only one who could threaten Joff. And then of course, the Charles Dance factor. It's like he was born for that role.  




 Oh wow thanks for explaining it in detail. I know pretty much nothing when it comes to baking. If you had told me it was sorcery I wouldve taken your word for it XD I'll be sure to try this! 




 All your modded goods are now forfeit. 




 I suppose so. I read that he was abused as a child by his mom, which is probably the root of his depression and misogynistic tendencies.

But what I meant by "extraneous causes" was more along the line of women -- who, according to his comment history, are nothing more than shallow liars. While there must have been some like that, I assume a whole lot more were driven away by his prejudice against women. 




 Welcome to the graveyard, dear Heir/Heiress. May your journey be lit with ample supplies of torches and food. 




 She's got pink AND cocoa jellybeans? That's not fair 3 so adorable. 




 How on earth did you make those swirls? They are in a very even pattern. Well done and happy birthday! 




 The thing I love the most about TES is that you can just go frolicking around in the wilderness, picking flowers and whatnot. It has a beautiful environment and the game lets you enjoy it to the fullest. 

Sure, there are portals opening to a scary dimension and dragons attacking villages but I NEED THIS MUSHROOM FOR MY POTION DAGNAMMIT 




 I think the shift in perspective stirred the people the most. 

They first thought he was just a timid but nice guy who needed encouragement. Hence all the advice and gilding. And then they found his other comments. People now feel like they've been fooled and think the guy was faking innocence. 

I don't think the guy feigned anything in his first comment, but I do think he's been unable to meet women (or make friends at all, since he points out in one of the comments) for a reason attributable to himself rather than extraneous causes. 









 I was waiting for him to knock the whole thing over! 




 I've really no advice to give you but just had to say you look fantastic. I especially love your church outfit!  




 Yum! It looks like a Skyrim dish too. :9 




 I was thinking that he might have been bored out of his mind in the brothel. It's like going to a party with a friend that likes to party hard when you'd much rather cozy up at home, watch a movie or something. 




 Thank you for detailing the differences! I'm still catching up book-wise. I'd vaguely read somewhere about Jeyne Poole and Sansa and I was confused when Sansa and Ramsay met face to face. I can't wait for future episodes as always! 




 God I miss home so much... I'm working abroad and seeing things like this almost makes me want to cry. I was not born in Canada, but it's the only home I choose to have. 




 The problem at the time was the title (many thought it was condescending, dismissive of people who did get a job) and his treatment of people that designed for him on a subreddit for free. There was some misunderstanding as well. A big mess for everyone. 




 I haven't tried out extreme group compositions like 3 grave robbers, but I do love the class (as my flair denotes!) 

I usually get lunge, dagger throwing, shadow stun (it's been a while and skill names fail me), and lastly whichever skill that suits the dungeon. I've found her accuracy and dodge modifiers to be very useful, more so because she deals a significant amount of damage + crits at the same time (as opposed to the Crusader's and the Leper's skills which take up one full turn without attacking the enemies).

But her elixir and poison dart skills are far from my favourites. Wish the devs would rework those skills :( 




 Beautiful! I can just feel the despair. It's funny how "permanent" deaths of your heroes can be devastating in a game even though I'm fully aware of the fact that they're just characters in a game and even replaceable.  




 I'm a bit late to the post so you might have already beaten her by following other advice, but here's my two cents:

- Try to avoid trinkets that decrease the death resistance

- At least one guaranteed healer or champion with heals. Even if the skill only heals by 1 point, as long as they can get someone away from the death's door. I refrained from taking an occultist with me because of the bleeding possibility and the position swaps.

- I'd recommend taking the Vestal and the Crusader for sure. 

- Equip characters with bleeding skills and trinkets. (Highwayman and if you can level up other heroes, Hellion.)  IIRC the Hag is blight-resistant but not so much towards bleeding and those ticks can be valuable when accumulated. 

- Highwayman's point-blank shot + Grave Robber's lunge can rescue those who are tossed into the pot with minimal injury. 

- The Crusader's rush-in skill (I forget the name, the one where he dives to the front) is great for attacking the Hag in the back when partnered up with the Highwayman's point-blank shot.

The Hag bosses were the most challenging for me as well, so I wish you good luck! It's so disheartening to lose beloved heroes to a witch that cooks people in a pot :( 




 For some reason Sir Charles reminds me of Jack Gleeson. In a good way. 




 XD replace Utopia with the League and I can kind of see how things must've gone down. Fun times. 




 Oh yeah, tons of cringe stuff for me as well. I'd like to think of it as the rite of passage that we all must go through in order to become a better --or less shitty-- person.

And then I see adults who have yet to complete this journey... 




 Other than the 9th grader IQ remark (which isn't nearly as bad as half the stuff we see here) it doesn't sound like you were that much of a smart ass haha. By "giving shit" do you mean they made fun of you? I too began surfing the net around that age but most people didn't believe me. 




 Give him some time and he'll hoepfully cringe upon recalling all the dumb stuff that he did when he was younger, just like the rest of us. 




 I remember there was a (then) 16 year old that titled his post "instead of getting a job I started my clothing line"... man. 




 I feel like calling her ma'am because she looks so dignified! What a beautiful lady. 




 "Mmm. It stinks. But, um, I do like the tiny doodles in the margins." 




 Got it. Thank you! 




 Thank you :) 




 I understood the term "leveled" as "deciding the quality of the item based on the character's level AT THE TIME OF ACQUISITION". So I thought a unique sword obtained in level X would only have the damage of whatever damage that is set for level X for the rest of the game regardless of my future level ups. (Which I thought was true for Oblivion, and hence advice to postpone certain quests to get the best item.) But it seems the items level up with me. e.g. I got Molag Bal's Mace relatively early but the damage is steadily increasing with my level ups. So does the term "leveled item" actually mean their quality increases as I gain more experience?

As for damage enchantments: as I understand it elemental damages are added to the mechanical output --so if a sword can deal damage x and fire damage from enchantment is a, the total damage per swing is x+a-- whereas magicka and stamina damages attack only those qualities and not the enemies' health. Am I getting this correctly?

I went to TES wiki websites but I couldn't get straight answers. Insights appreciated!

edit: typos 




 Noice! Do you have the soothing whispery voice as well? haha

I really like Skyrim's Argonian voice. IIRC Khajiits and Argonians shared the same voice actor in Oblivion and it became boring wayy too fast.

Also I have wares of suspicious origins that I need to get rid of, if you're interested. 




 Yup, definitely happened to me as well! Sometimes I postpone leveling up when I know I'm gonna fight harder mobs later in the dungeon just in case my health regen / restore potions don't do the job. But damn, 0! I don't think I've pushed to that extreme. Well done. 




 Thank you so much for going through all this trouble. I was really curious about the quality of paid mods, if anything was really worth the money. Thus far I can tell there is none. (Edit: ok Akatosh one might be one exception.) 

Things like Enhanced Towns and Sounds of Skyrim, which I would gladly support the modder(s) with donations, are completely free whereas items that you documented charge people. What complete BS. 




 I'm so happy for you guys :') I assumed the worst since it's /r/offmychest, but I'm so glad your boyfriend is accepting you for who you really are. I wish you guys the best of luck... not that you need it! 




 Dawww so adorable. When my cat does this, however, I feel like he's doing it in a snobbish, affected manner like "you may now kiss the royal paw you pleb." 




 I've also confirmed this, but I think I'll wait a bit before celebrating lest it be premature...  Valve could not have foreseen the potential outrage when they decided to introduce it. It's doubtful they'd just get rid of it THIS quickly. I hope I'm wrong... I'm just gonna hold on to my boycotting just a little bit longer until they issue an announcement. 




 Holy crap... That is amazing. Congrats. I still have so much to go! 




 I usually scoff at boycott attempts but I sent email to Valve earlier with hopes that there's still a redeeming quality to the company we used to love. 




 "perhaps just the tip." 




 S/he looks so happy to be with you! Awwexplosion ;—; 




 Arya: "And I have this!" *presents the Coin*

Priest: "No, no... I take..." 




 Same here! I haven't caught up with the books yet and was so surprised to see him. And damn, that accent. Whatever it is, he's workin' it. 




 Did you marry the person? Are you happy? How did your friends/parents/etc. come to terms with your decision, if ever? 




 "There's a difference between being frank and being dick." 




 Dracarys [x] 




 Alas the happiness is not meant to last in GoT :( 




 I don't know, I've heard about how Lee Pace was feeling so awkward and apologetic to his fellow actors on the set of the Hobbit for being a gigantic but fabulous dick known as Thranduil. 




 I'm so envious of his wife. They look so happy together too. 




