 Good sustained pressure since half time, really hope we turn this into a goal and relieve some of the pressure. 




 Has he been, though? I don't get the chance to watch most games, so I've no idea what he's been like. It just seems odd that our top scorer last year, and POTY, doesn't play in two of our most important games! 




 Why isn't Commons playing again? Is he carrying a knock or something? 




  Charlie Mulgrew, comic relief if you're not a Celtic fan.

My reaction to this was "WHIT??!?!?......oh"

Well played sir! 




 Is anyone doing a thread for the game? 




 [This goal](http://youtu.be/iS-EmtSLCms?t=1m30s) from Chris Sutton against Rangers. As much as anything else, it was the circumstances of the goal that made it so good. We'd played Rangers 5 times that year and won 5 of them. This game was headed for a goalless draw, then Sutton scored this beauty in stoppage time to give us 6 wins out of 6! :) 




 A BOBFOC, if ever I saw one (Body Off Baywatch, Face Off Crimewatch). 




 It'll be interesting to see how Liverpool cope with the injuries to their players, if they're out for any length of time. From what I remember from last year, they didn't have many players out for long stretches of time, with the exception of the Suarez ban at the beginning. 




 I really hope Aguero stays fit for the entire season, he's a delight to watch. 




 And that one ended up making all the difference! 




 Christ almighty. This would go down very well in /r/legs if you haven't posted there already.  




 I'll definitely take that. Playing at Celtic Park rather than Murrayfield in the next leg will be huge. 




 Maybe he wanted a more defensive-minded midfield. 




 I'm shiting myself. :( 




 Cracking save! 




 Why wasn't Commons on from the start? 




 [Looks it!](http://i2.dailyrecord.co.uk/incoming/article3685574.ece/alternates/s615/John-Collins.png) 




 I'm just being a dick. It's just because of what happened last time he played for us in Europe! 




 Like Davie Provan was saying, it's a thankless task he's got tonight. 




 Fuck sake, Ambrose is coming on. We need to score 3 goals, and quick. 




 What's happened to Izaguirre, he was POTY in 2011. 




 Out of curiosity, I just had a look at their website, and it's a strange experience. Sitting there looking at carpets, then all of a sudden "We have all the time in the World" by Louis Armstrong starts playing. Seems an odd choice. 




 I wish Craig Gordon would stop hoofin it up the fuckin pitch. Teams at this level just eat that up. 




 [Try this one, mate.](http://hdfoots.com/watch/skysports-5-live-streaming.html) 




 Johansen with a cracking goal-line cleara.......oh. 




 Perfect start! Just like last time! Let's not collapse like a flan in a cupboard this time. (Credit to Eddie Izzard for that one) 




 Coupled with the lure of playing alongside the mercurial A.Trialist, it must be a difficult offer to turn down. 




 Is the discussion just about managers handling troublesome players? Or does it extend to good man-management in general? i.e. getting the most out of players who could otherwise be quite ordinary?

I ask because I don't remember Celtic having too many troublesome players over the years, but I always felt Martin O'Neill was a brilliant man manager who always got the very best out of his players. 




 Would hugely appreciate the name, if anyone knows it! 




 Would this be classed as breaching? They just look like they're feeding to me, using their bubble netting technique. I thought breaching was when they completely launch themselves out of the water. 




 Fuck me, he's like a real-life [Hot Shot Hamish.](http://www.alternatecover.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/hotshothamish.jpg)

[For the unitiated.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hot_Shot_Hamish_and_Mighty_Mouse) 




 Thanks mate, I think that's what I'm going to be doing. Because so many of the units use vespene gas, I often find I have a huge surplus of minerals, so at those points I'm going to start spamming the cannons. I tried zealots but they just get eaten up. I can position my cannons behind my gateway blocks. Cheers! 




 Yeah I just started using Dark Templars and it's ridiculous how much easier they make it! I failed that time because I didn't make enough phoenix ships to counter the overseers, but I won't be making that mistake this time :) 




 Thanks mate, don't want to use a walkthrough just yet, I've nearly cracked it I think. Just wasn't sure if Immortals were worth the resources or if cannons were better, but I'm leaning towards cannons definitely. 




 I'm on the mission In Utter Darkness, and was just wondering how useful photon cannons are? I notice that they hit for 20 damage to land and air units, but they draw lots of aggro, and seem to die quite easily, whereas Immortals are much hardier, but only attack ground units. Am I wasting time building photon cannons or are they ok?

Please don't give me any other tips regarding the level, I'm slowly but surely working my towards getting it :)

Thanks! 




 I wasn't really thinking of any particular map, just looking for general tips. Thanks for the heads up about Team Liquid I'll have a look at their stuff. 




 [Paul Ince, tactical genius.](http://i6.photobucket.com/albums/y234/oofuss/vlcsnap-43555.png) 




 Yeah, it's odd that when someone like Redknapp says almost the exact same thing, it gets very few upvotes, but when Rodgers says it, it suddenly becomes a stunning piece of insight.

Although from comments I read in other places where the Redknapp story was printed, it seemed like people were suggesting that Redknapp himself is guilty of offering huge wages to players, although not necessarily youngsters. 




 Thanks a lot for the reply mate :) I don't really have any map in particular in mind, I'm just trying to improve my overall game to complete the campaign more effectively. I'll give the bunkers a go definitely. I've also been using actual buildings like Barracks etc. to form the funnel, but then they don't attack at the same time! I was just thinking bunkers might be a bit weak, but if I have an SCV repairing, and a wall of units behind that would help.

Thanks :) 




 Hi everyone,

I'm currently playing through the Terran campaign on Hard, and one of the things I'm trying to implement in my games is the formation of choke points leading to my base so that it funnels the enemy into a smaller point, the zerglings especially. I'm particularly looking for tips on how to create one when there's no ramp.

I was just wondering though, what's the best way to do it? My thinking was to have supply depots running into my base, forming a v-shape, and having perdition turrets, bunkers and siege tanks just behind them.

My main question is, will the enemy always run into the smallest point of the funnel, or will they just start attacking the furthest away supply depots, which would kind of defeat the whole purpose of the choke point.

Any tips on this would be greatly appreciated. 




 I would imagine it's going to be over a few cities. The article mentions Barca, Real, Chelsea and Man City competing, but that the MCG is only hosting 3 games, so they must be having some elsewhere. I'd be hugely surprised if none of them were played in Sydney.

EDIT: Just noticed it says potentially involving those teams, so obviously nothing is set in stone. But if they do get 4 teams, they'll need more than one stadium. 




 You're not alone. I literally couldn't get beyond 30 seconds, his voice was irritating me that much. 




 /r/sex_comics sometimes has this kind of thing in it. 




 /r/sex_comics is your best bet. I've seen these in there before. 




 [This is the whole story](http://g.e-hentai.org/g/596077/dfee606f0b/) 




 More colourful, certainly :D

I would have been following this but didn't see it. I was sitting on /r/ScottishFootball looking for a thread! 




 I've been keeping up to date on this match on the bet365 website, which updates the game minute by minute including stats. According to them, Rangers have had no shots on target the entire game. Is that a mistake?? 









 Just dloaded Swiftkey and it's perfect, thanks :) 




 Thanks mate, I'll look that up :) 




 Despite having had my Galaxy for ages now, I've only just started using the voice input to dictate messages, and I'm really liking it. But is there a faster way to choose voice input? At the moment, I open the message, then drag the notification bar down and select 'change input method', then select voice. Is there a single button I can press while in my message to change back and forth from voice to typing? 




 Ma is included in the link :) Bottom image. 




 Thanks so much for these links :) 




 Ah right, didn't realise, sorry. Thanks for the info :) 




 I have the upgrade for my SCVs to work together to build things faster, but I'm having a problem and was wondering if there's a way to solve it? If I select, say, 5 SCVs, then order them to build a barracks, they all scoot off to the footprint, but then only one starts building, and the other 4 just look on, so I then need to select them and get them to work on it. Is there a way to get them all working as soon as they arrive so that I can send them off and forget about them till the building is finished? I'm trying to perfect my technique of sealing off my base, and this would really help. (I don't know if this makes a difference, but I don't play multiplayer, just the campaign.)

Thanks.

EDIT: APOLOGIES!! I should have put this in the starcraft strategy sub, I completely forgot about that :( 




 Never heard that one either! Where is that used? 




 Never heard of that one before - is that found anywhere else, or is it specific to that region? I think Maw is pretty widespread. 




 Totally agree. As a Celtic fan, I'm obviously pleased we're in the next round now, but going through like this leaves a really bad taste in the mouth. We got absolutely hammered and don't deserve to be anywhere near the Champions League based on those performances, and I can't imagine what the Legia fans are feeling. 




 There is also 'Maw' in Scottish dialects. For example, if you were to exclaim to your friend that you felt his mother was somewhat promiscuous, you might say, "Here Davey, your Maw's a right wee dirty." 




 Sorry, on my mobile so can't see flair! What I meant was, what would United's midfield look like? 




 Thanks for the reply mate. If you were to get him, what would your midfield look like? 




 Despite his obvious reputation, I don't really know much about this guy. What kind of player is he, and where would he fit in at United? 




 The whole 'classy' aspect of this sub really grates on me. Half the fun of football is winding up your rivals when they fuck something up. As long as you can take as good as you give, I don't see the problem. 




 But I can get to a guy without anyone raising the alarm, but I still can't get the stealth kill :( Ah well, sounds like it's not meant to be, from what you've said. Guns blazing it is :D 




 I'm on chapter 15, and I've just come to a kind of graveyard section, and I want to try some stealth kills. But every time I go up to the first guy and try to do it, he just kind of pushes me off him, then unloads his handgun into me, as do all of his friends! Are there some enemies immune to stealth kills, or am I doing something wrong? I'm walking up behind him and pressing square. 




 Yes...yes....yes,YES.........YEEEEEEES!!! That......was a goal! 




 I can see why you added it. Andy Gray, or whoever it was that said the 'cold, Wednesday night in Stoke', obviously added the Wednesday for effect, being a rather mundane week day. The complete opposite of which would be a lovely, warm Saturday evening :)

EDIT: Spelling 




 Thanks for the reply, multijoy. Always good to see both sides of the argument. (It wasn't me that downvoted you!) 




 What you've written actually illustrates my biggest fear about routinely armed police officers - the potential for an arms race between police and criminals. If police officers are dealing with a situation where someone has a knife, they have tasers they can use to incapacitate them. If police start pulling guns on people with knives, I'm worried that the criminals will start arming themselves as well. 




 What's the current situation with season books? Are a lot of fans still holding back until they get reassurances over Ibrox and Murray Park? 




 It's already happened! Apologies for the dreadful quality.

[Luke Shaw](http://soccer.indonewyork.com/watch-luke-shaws-thats-fucking-ball-ref/) 




 Even though these goals don't look like they're stuck in the ground, as they usually are in football games, if anyone struck the post with enough force to actually move the entire frame of the goal, death would soon follow. 




 I think this is a very important thing to remember - that most of the European armies at the time, including the Germans, were made up of conscripts who had no choice but to go to war. The thought of being forced to go to war is something I can't even comprehend, nor do I ever want to! 




 Thanks for the replies everyone. I actually restarted the game before reaching the end, as I found normal difficulty far too easy, and I'll definitely be doing the missions now that I'm playing on hard - I need that research! :D

I'm enjoying it more than I did when I posted originally, I think I must have been really tired or something!

Thanks for all your replies :) 




 Love this line from a page on Great Danes: Young Great Danes can be boisterous and unless supervised, can dismay you with the magnitude of their destructiveness. 




 I've tried to watch that film a few times now, and I can never get through it. Vastly overrated IMO. 




  a weird cut away.

This is one of the main reasons I dislike cutscenes or actual gameplay that's from a sort of dreamlike point of view - I always feel like it's a cut away, no matter how it's presented, and I just never enjoy them. I have no idea what makes me feel that way, but it does!

I'll definitely play through them on my second playthrough, but for now I'll pass on them. I've already gotten 100% Zerg research which is nice :) 




 Thanks :)

I'm going to give them a miss on this run through, but I'll do them when I go through it again on hard :) 




 So I can safely skip them and not miss out on any of the main plot? 




 Please don't read this if you don't want any spoilers. I've tried 3 times to include the spoiler formatting but without success!

I was just wondering, are the prophecy missions in SC2 vital to the plot? This is the first time I've played through and I love the game, but I can't stand dream sequence type missions (in any game) so I really don't want to do them, but don't want to have gaping holes in the plot either. I know I'll miss out on some research but I'm ok with that.

Any info would be very welcome. Thanks! 




 I'm a primary school teacher, and an introvert, which is why most lunch times I'll just sit in my room and eat alone. I can't face being surrounded by loads of adults jabbering away, having just spent all morning being surrounded by loads of kids! I absolutely need that alone time. 




 I don't think there's any doubt that United will be better this year than last, but I'm dubious as to whether it's going to be enough to break back into the top 4 this year is all I'm saying. Chelsea, City and Arsenal have all strengthened as well, and will all now have had at least one season under their current managers.

And while a lot of people seem to be of the opinion that it will be between United and Liverpool for 4th, I can see Liverpool being a real force again next year. Yes, they've lost Suarez, but they seem to play with such belief, and Rodgers is slowly but surely improving the depth of the squad. 




 I'm going to say Man United. I just think they've got too much ground to make up at the moment, even though they'll have a much better manager and will continue to spend in the Summer. 




 Twitter?? You don't even need to leave the comfort of Reddit to wallow in the problems we Brits have in day to day life :D

/r/britishproblems  




 Thanks, I'd never thought about it that way. But what is it about the physiology of those muscles that allows them to continually work, while others tire? 




 :D 




 I know that not all fish need to keep moving in order to prevent suffocation, but that some fish do. For the ones who do - how are they able to swim their entire lives? I realise that fish are perfectly adapted for life in the water, and that they probably use very little energy by swimming, but surely even then their muscles must get fatigued eventually? If I was to leave my house now and walk an infinite distance, I'd get far, but at some point I'd have to stop and rest my muscles. Don't fish have this problem? 




 Sorry! I just noticed that he'd edited his original post to make it correct, thought we might as well go the whole hog! 




 Fuck it right in the face! 

While we're on the subject, wouldn't it be Henry the Eighth's? 




  It had the Anne Bol-inn.

The Anne Boleyn Alley.

[Original clip](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grL89zgUb3U)

 




 [This](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plhcTycP9QE) is a great youtube video about that great night :) Still gives me goosebumps :) 




 I thought the A in SAS just stood for And. 




 I went to the Arsenal vs Everton FA Cup match last year and was struck by how quiet they were. You're spot on with your assessment (for that game at least) - the fans were pretty quiet, until they went 3-1 up - then the singing began in earnest. 




 I can definitely see Liverpool winning a cup, and pushing for the league again. Germany showed in the World Cup that you don't necessarily need one player who is head and shoulders above the rest to compete. 




 Not a Liverpool fan, but for me, the fact that Liverpool will be playing a lot more games this year than they did last year is a bigger factor than losing Suarez. Didn't Man City end up playing something like 14 games more then Liverpool by the end?

Obviously this is why Rodgers is buying the way he is, for that much-needed depth. If the new signings (including those still to come) click and adapt to the PL, I don't see why Liverpool wouldn't be contenders again.

 




   He was a bad diver in his day but the media only focused on Drogba and Ronaldo.

There are many reasons why I can't stand Steven Gerrard, but the diving issue is number one for me. It's not so much that he dives per se, as unfortunately a lot of players do now. It's the fact that he had the absolute brass neck to spout all this hypocritical, sanctimonious bollocks in his autobiography and newspaper interviews about how diving was ruining the game, and that if he caught his team mates diving he'd 'have a word' etc. Fucking holier than thou arsehole.

I wouldn't actually mind if Liverpool won the league in the near future, they have a lot of likeable players, like Sturridge and Sterling. But I'm desperate for it not to happen while Gerrard is still around. I want him to retire before he gets his hands anywhere near that Premiership trophy. 




 Ok cheers, don't think it's the game for me then. I prefer longer gameplay with fewer cut scenes. I just feel it ruins the flow 




 God, really? :( I'll play for another hour or so, but if it keeps up like this I'm throwing in the towel - I just can't enjoy it no matter how much I try! 




 That's what I was hoping - that the cutscenes are mainly at the start of the game, to set the scene etc. 




 I've just got my hands on FF XIII, but at the moment I just can't enjoy it, and it's down to one thing only - the ridiculously frequent cutscenes. Is the whole game like this???

I know the whole game is basically a corridor thing, which I don't mind, and I'm enjoying the new battle system. But having a cutscene after literally every 2 fights or something is really breaking up the rhythm of the game, and completely ruining my enjoyment of it (I'm about an hour into the game so far).

Should I just cut my losses on this? If it's going to stay this way all game, I'm chucking it on Ebay tomorrow! Or do the cutscenes get less frequent the longer you play? 




 I was at a zoo once that had a bird of prey show, and they had a magpie as part of it. One of the things they taught the magpie to do was to pick up a piece of rubbish and put it in the bin. The handler said it only took them twenty minutes to train the magpie to do it! 




 So is an assist a key pass that's resulted in a goal then? 




 Genuine question - what's the difference between an assist and a key pass? 




 Andy Townsend must be loving this transfer. For once he gets to see just how well a new signing plays on a cold Wednesday night in Stoke. 




 FFS :( :(

Thanks for the info mate :) 




 I'm a wee bit confused. I remember reading Deila's comments about qualifying, and I thought he mentioned playing 3 rounds, but if we go through tonight, then beat whoever we get next, isn't that us in the group stages? Or is there another round after the next?? 




 The best bit was that the burglar then tried to [press charges](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/scotland/2748887.stm) of assault on Ferguson for kicking the shit out of him. Thankfully, this was thrown away by the police/courts. 




 Nice! Which team did you do it with? And what's the pentagon? Do you mean 5 trophies in one year? 




 It only took you 4 years to win the Champions League with a Danish team?? That's incredible, well done :) You also happened to win the Champions League with my favourite English team, so thanks for that :D 




 I'm absolutely terrible at FM, and I'm always amazed when people take teams from the lower leagues to the top league in that country, then on to Champions League glory. But I was just wondering if anyone has won the Champions League with a team from one of the more unfashionable leagues (no offence intended).

The reason I ask is that, if you get a team from the lower leagues into the upper tier in a country like England, Germany or Spain, you then reap the riches from those leagues. But if you're constantly playing in the Finnish league for example, holding on to your best players is infinitely more difficult I would have thought.

Would love to hear about your successes (screenshots would be great too :) ) 




 Do you say the blame is with HMRC because their tax demand meant people didn't want to buy Rangers? And did Murray sell the club just because he wanted to, or was there another reason? 

I really appreciate the in-depth answers guys. 




 Thanks for taking the time to write that mate, very much appreciated :)

So is the blame for administration laid squarely at the feet of Whyte? I've seen some people having a go at David Murray, but again, I don't know why! 




  Look how stacked Chelsea looked last year? and they did fuck all. They easily should have fought for the league against man city.

And they did. They were contenders right up until the last week, and only missed out by 4 points. Their style of play might not have been too easy on the eye, but the challenge was there regardless. 




 Yeah, I think that's what made me think he was still a bit of a liability - those moments where he made a really bad decision. But I suppose that's the kind of thing that gets in the papers, not the normal stuff of actually being a good keeper! Reminds me of when De Gea started for United and was getting ripped apart by the press for his shaky start, but now you never hear about him. 




 Wow, didn't realise Szczesny was so highly rated these days. I don't follow United, but I'm well aware of De Gea's quality! 




 Good good :)

The ridiculous thing is that I only worry about their defence because, to me, they don't have what I would consider household name defenders (with the exception of Mertesacker probably). But I suppose that means nothing if they're doing the business! 




 While not an Arsenal fan, I do want them to do well in the league, and I'm well aware of their quality when it comes to attacking, but how would Arsenal fans rate their defenders and keeper (assuming they get Debuchy). How well do they compare with the other top teams in the league? Would you be happy starting the season with what you have, or would you like to see some signings in those areas? 




 So I shouldn't miss out on any of the challenges as I play the game? 




 If I play through the game and don't skip any of the missions given to me by the various characters, will that open up all the challenge missions, so that I can get my Legend of the West coat? I know I could check wiki to see how to open the challenges but I'd rather find out organically if possible. 




 Did Rangers go into administration then liquidation for matters that had nothing to do with the EBTs, or was there some link between them?

I've been trying to follow this whole saga, but over time I have become completely and utterly confused about what happened then (and what's happening now!) :-/ 




 Managers can definitely be sent off, but I'm not sure whether they are actually shown any kind of card, or just told to go to the stands. 




 I know this is going to be completely unhelpful, but I remember a montage of Lennox Lewis years ago that made my hairs stand up, and it was also my introduction to Hans Zimmer's work (which was what made the montage so good). It's been one of my favourite pieces ever since.

The music they played over that one was [Journey To The Line](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnooGOhLIdM) from the film The Thin Red Line. 




 I think he means you'd have to replace the goalkeeper with an outfield player if the goalkeeper was sent off. 




 Will I be able to watch this on IPlayer in London? 




 Thanks for that :) 




 After watching last night's penalty shootout, I started to wonder if it's possible for someone to get sent off during it, and what would happen if they did. especially if it was the goalkeeper?

I don't mean the stuff last night was worthy of a red card, but what if the player lost their head and punched the keeper? Would you lose that penalty, or would someone else take it?

And what if the keeper somehow managed to get sent off? Would they let the other keeper go in goals, or would they have to use one of the players, just as they would during the game (if they'd used all their subs).

I realise the chances of this happening are slim to none, but it's been going round my head so wondered if anyone knew for definite. 




 Ah, it's some post processing magic. Thanks :) 




 What makes it so stable? When you're in a plane, even on a smooth ride, you can feel the little bumps etc. but this is completely smooth the whole time. 




 That's a very good point as well, hadn't thought about it like that. I'd imagine that the likes of Sturridge rely much more on service from other players than the likes of Suarez, Ronaldo etc. 




 A team with Sterling and Sturridge are unlikely to be completely toothless, but it will be interesting to see how well they get on next year. 




 You'd rate Baros? I know he won the Champions League with you, but wasn't he a bit of a dud overall? 




 Exactly. Just seeing his name in the team, like Messi or Ronaldo, is probably enough to unsettle some players, whereas the likes of Sturridge or Sterling, while still great players, just don't have that.

Conversely, seeing his name on the teamsheet must have been such a lift for the Liverpool players as well. I wonder if him leaving will have any kind of impact there.

Mind you, they did alright without him at the start of last season if I remember rightly. 




 Being patriotic and having pride isn't what got you downvoted, its the fact that you're being so precious about something that's nothing more than a bit of light-hearted banter. I honestly can't understand how anyone would read that banner and think it was meant to be taken seriously. 




 I'm not a Liverpool fan, but I think one of the things Liverpool will miss most when Suarez moves on is the fear factor he carries with him, like Torres did in his day. When Suarez is playing, you just know he's going to cause absolute havoc more or less the entire game, and more often than not pops up with at least one goal. 

With him gone, I'd be much less fearful of Liverpool. Don't get me wrong, they're still a fantastic team with brilliant players, and I would expect them to be up there challenging again, but I just think they're going to lose a bit of their aura this year without Suarez, and they wouldn't really have anyone to truly fear anymore. 




 And more importantly, surely the EU wouldn't allow it? Something like that would restrict his right to work in England, which would be illegal under EU law. 




 ["I'm gonna get your maaaaask! I'm gonna get your maaaaaaaask! Haha, don't worry buddy, I'm just fuckin with ya" *pats on head*](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgfmvXFWsTs) 




 I don't know if this is just a Glaswegian thing or not, but almost everyone I know (including myself) say Edin-bruh. 

I'm not suggesting that's the correct way of saying it obviously, just pointing out a wee difference in dialect :) 




 Reminds me of this brilliant clip, featuring the legendary [Jimmy Bullard](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_2wTLtHlRE) :D 




 Haha I sometimes emphasise the t's for even more power :D 




 Manky is a great wee word. Although I think 'grotty' is even better. That rolled r at the start gives it so much power! :D 




 Aaaah, the English Riviera! So many great childhood holiday memories :) 




 This is the main reason I used to get so worked up when I did my first meditations. Thoughts were literally popping into my head every 5 seconds or so, and I was getting frustrated that I couldn't 'think about nothing'. 

But then I read a really good book about it all, that said thinking about nothing isn't what you're aiming for, because that's almost impossible to do, seeing as it's one of your brain's main functions. All you're doing is recognising thoughts for what they are as they pass into your mind, and just letting them go. It was definitely a big step in improving my meditations. 




 I'm not sure how you time your meditations, but I found that timing myself from zero and going upwards helped me immensely. It sounds daft, but if I was to set myself a target of 20 minutes I'd often lose motivation to do it, thinking I'd never get there.

So instead, I started the stopwatch at zero, and just told myself to meditate for however long I felt comfortable - no targets. Within a week I found I was reaching 15 - 20 minutes easily, so it could be worth a try. 




 That's Kelly Brook, and sadly, also a [morph](http://www.bapwatch.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/10/jeans-white-top.jpg) :( 




 Games can end in a draw in the group stages, but we're now in the knockout stages, so there can be no draws from this point onwards. If the game is a draw after 90 minutes, they play 30 minutes more to see if anyone can score, and if not, they go to a penalty shootout, which is best of 5. If there's no winner after 5 penalties, they keep taking them until there's a winner. 




 The BBC commentator has just said that USA have travelled over 10,000 miles so far in this World Cup, whereas Belgium have travelled roughly 2,000 miles. Speaking as a UK resident, both those numbers absolutely boggle my mind.

EDIT: Grammar 




 Or a pokemon. 




 Thank you :) 




 I'm not on Twitter - is there a tweet before or after this where he actually apologises? This seems to be an admission of guilt, but that's about it. 




 I'm pretty sure the comment of 'I believe we will get the ball at some stage' was also said by commentator 1 (Guy Mowbray). So it went like this:

Commentator 1 (Mowbray): USA fans chanting 'I believe that we will win', it has become their battlecry.

Commentator 2 (Mark Lawrenson): Must have been up all night thinking of that one.

Commentator 1 (Mowbray): Should probably change it to 'I believe we will get the ball at some stage'.

Either way, it's a quality bit of dry humour :) 




 I just started a thread about that very subject! Come join the fun :)

http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/2901gz/should_some_actions_on_the_field_court_etc_be/ 




 God, that's brutal :-/ 




 Yeah sorry, I got a bit muddled in my posting. I was going to just talk about football, but realised that you get incidents like this in other sports, so added that for clarification. 

But then I only posted it in r/soccer. :-/ 




 That's what I mentioned in my original post, it's hard to tell sometimes when a tackle is just badly timed, or if it's truly malicious, so I can understand those being let go.

What I don't understand is players getting away with off-the-ball incidents that aren't part of the play, but that would constitute a criminal offence outside the match. 




 Yeah it's definitely a tricky one to answer. I just find it odd that things like head-butting, biting, punching, kicking etc. are overlooked by the police, when they all constitute assault. Just because it happens on a pitch shouldn't make them exempt from the law. Another example I can think of is when Alan Shearer [kicked](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPp0teYYi70feature=kp) Neil Lennon full in the face during a game, and nothing happened. 




 I made reference to that in my post :) 




 Thanks for that link mate, wasn't aware of this incident. 




 I was just wondering what people's thoughts are on this. I've often wondered in the past why people who play sports seem to get away with doing things on the field (or whatever they play on), that would get them arrested if they were to do it in the street. I know that the players often receive fines and bans from their respective ruling organistaions, but is it always enough?

In some cases it's obviously difficult to tell whether there was malicious intent - for example, a really badly timed tackle. But there are other times where it's much more clear cut that someone has overstepped the mark to the point where it could be considered a criminal offence i.e. punching, kicking, biting etc.  An incident I remember well was when Duncan Ferguson was jailed for 3 months for [this] (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yOk8mZhX0Jk) head butt, after the police on duty at the match charged him for it.

Do you think it's something that should happen? Or should incidents like that be dealt with by the respective organisations, and left at that?

Obviously, I've started this thread in light of the Suarez incident today, but I don't mean this as a witch hunt against him, I do mean this in a general way.

 




 It's why I stopped going. 




 The post office I used to go to in Leeds had a ticketed number system. 




 I think it just goes to show that a lot of what someone finds creepy is at least partly to do with the unknown. I personally don't find this picture even slightly creepy, but it might be because there are lots of little villages where I live (England) that have churches very similar to this, so it's not that unusual to see. 

In fact, my friend got married in one that looks almost identical. 




 I was thinking of starting a cinema meetup, but my organisational skills are awful, so I'm glad someone else has started one :D

Definitely keen :) 




 Thanks, I found a similar one on Amazon.co.uk. Still unsure as to whether or not it'll work for a PS3. Some of the comments suggest it does, others suggest it doesn't. But it's only a fiver, might as well give it a go! 




 Nope, none. I think it can be done, it's just a very expensive process. Having a cable isn't enough, you need an actual converter to turn the digital HDMI/DVI signal into an analog VGA signal (I think!). I'm just struggling to find the required component! 




 Hi guys,

I recently bought a PS3, and my plan is to use it through my PC monitor, as I have no television. I know nothing about all the different ports etc. that you get, but after doing some digging, I've found out that my monitor only has a VGA connection, and the HDMI cable I have for the PS3 is a HDMI-DVI one.

From the further reading I did, it seems that I need an actual converter that will turn my DVI signal into a VGA one. But I'm having trouble finding the required converter. I know they aren't cheap, but if someone could point me in the right direction of one, I'd be very grateful. Then I can make the decision on whether or not to get one.

I am going to upgrade my monitor at some point, but I want a 27 inch screen, so I need to save up a bit more. This would tide me over till then.

(The reason I mentioned that I'm in the UK is incase people were going to link to products).

Thanks so much. 




 I had a right old chortle at this tweet shown on the BBC website:

*With Fred and Bernard on the pitch, Brazil are now just a Pat, Don and Len away from recreating the famous 1954 Cleckheaton cloth cap pigeon fanciers, West Yorkshire 5-a-side champions.* 




 Exactly. Their silence is speaking volumes in this case. 




 I don't like that he's said that after the result of the ruling the 'matter will be closed'. Surely if the voting is found to be corrupt, the matter should be anything BUT closed, and the whole vote should be carried out again.

Sounds like he's already made his mind up as to the outcome of this. Unless I'm reading too much into what he said. 




 [The full clip](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HTG-HP9eT4w)

Not great quality though, sorry 




 This would be a great signing. Would certainly help to quell my fears about big Fraser leaving, if that were to happen. 




 Celtic released Shay Given after spending 3 years in the youth team. 




 Absolutely. Watching gifs/vids where the guy's cock is essentially just going in and out of a woman's mouth does nothing for me. But as soon as the woman starts to do this and actually suck on it, especially on the tip, that all changes! :) 




 Reminds me of [Ben Folds](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-l-c3rTlnE) doing a kind of lounge version of Bitches Ain't Shit :) 




 I can't tell if this is serious or not! But just in case it is, there's no 'probably killed' in this instance. Estimates are that about 1,000 workers have already died building the stadiums, and that number could rise to 4,000 by the time the WC rolls around. 




 Christ, his through balls are weighted fucking perfectly. 









 [Here is Wikipedia's take on the rumours](http://i.imgur.com/exdmi46.jpg)
 




 Apologies if this has been posted already but did a search and couldnt find it. A friend sent me this link of a funny wee song about England's flight to Brazil :) 1m 18s is the highlight for me :D 









 Good idea :)

[This](http://i.imgur.com/lHXjimx.jpg) is a map showing a 100 mile radius from (top to bottom) Newcastle, Manchester, Norwich, London and Southampton. If you include Swansea, it looks like [this](http://i.imgur.com/9jjbC4D.jpg).

So it does appear that the only region that isn't within 100 miles of an English team playing in the Premier League is the SW. Although this is of course as the crow flies. Travelling from the SW of England to Swansea would require you drive around, making it a much bigger distance. Unless there are any ferries that travel across to Wales from the SW, I have no idea! 




 Whether or not you think this sanctimonious ballsack of a man is actually visually impaired depends on whether or not you believe his reasoning for wearing sunglasses all the time, which he explained in a Rolling Stone interview.

*[I have] very sensitive eyes to light. If somebody takes my photograph, I will see the flash for the rest of the day. My right eye swells up. I've a blockage there, so that my eyes go red a lot. So it's part vanity, it's part privacy and part sensitivity* 




 Almost, but not quite! I used [this](http://www.freemaptools.com/radius-around-point.htm) tool online, and put a 100 mile radius around some of the major cities where premier league clubs play around the country (Newcastle, Manchester, Birmingham, Norwich, London, Southampton) and it did more or less cover the whole country, with the exception of the South West. Putting a 100 mile radius around Swansea does cover a lot of that region, but obviously Swansea is in Wales, not England.

I tried to save the completed map and post it here but it wouldn't let me :( 




 Shit! Did you see that?! 




