




 She gets this certain tone of voice when she's trying to be cute and it's absolutely adorable. Works on me 100% of the time  




 Thank you so much! I ended up getting Tarte Amazon Clay foundation, Smashbox primer, and NYX matte setting spray! I hope it looks nice, I'll be testing it tomorrow to see what it looks like throughout the day  




 I ended up getting Tarte foundation with Smashbox primer and NYX matte setting spray! Got rice papers just in case, but i think there won't be a speck of shine on my face with all that! 




 As the title says, im looking for a good Prom foundation.
Skin tone: Not exactly sure, but im very pale, i would say slighty pink undertones but thats an honest guess 
Skin type: very oily and acne prone. 
Why?: Need a good coverage, long lasting, foundation thatll keep my not shiny in pictures OR real life 
Context: I normally use Revlon Photo Ready BB cream, or Bare Minerals in the lightest color, both look great in the morning at 7 am, but by 11 im super shiny and uncomfortable. i want something that i can put on, and not worry ( or worry very little) from 6pm to 5 am, 
Budget: Really any, my mother is paying, but i am going to ulta to shop so anything that would be in stock there or a drugstore would be preferable 
Makeup Experience: Moderate experience, im doing my own makeup for prom, but its not anything crazy hard. i would say i learn very quickly so i can take any advice and do my best with it 
Special considerations: Going to ulta this evening, i need it by Saturday ( so i cant order anything online)
Thanks guys! 




 As the title says, im looking for a good Prom foundation. 

Skin tone: Not exactly sure, but im very pale, i would say slighty pink undertones but thats an honest guess

Skin type: very oily and acne prone. 

Why?: Need a good coverage, long lasting, foundation thatll keep my not shiny in pictures OR real life

Context: I normally use Revlon Photo Ready BB cream, or Bare Minerals in the lightest color, both look great in the morning at 7 am, but by 11 im super shiny and uncomfortable. i want something that i can put on, and not worry ( or worry very little) from 6pm to 5 am, 

Budget: Really any, my mother is paying, but i am going to ulta to shop so anything that would be in stock there or a drugstore would be preferable

Makeup Experience: Moderate experience, im doing my own makeup for prom, but its not anything crazy hard. i would say i  learn very quickly so i can take any advice and do my best with it
Special considerations: Going to ulta this evening, i need it by Saturday ( so i cant order anything online)

Thanks guys! 




 There's a form!? I'll look for it and  edit my post right now! 




 TIYBOB 

This just so happens to be my 200th comment so yay me! 

I am in love with the super purple one. I am in desperate  need of a color like that! I love that there has been so many give aways on this sub! 




  I really like it! I'm not sure if it has as much coverage as I'd like but when I'm not completely covered in blemishes I really like how light it is! 




 I just tested it and realized there's glitter!? What the heck? I bought the bb cream so maybe I'll return it after i put it ok with a full face. Any suggestions of alternative foundations? 




 NYX Jumbo Eye Pencil in Milk 
Eco Tools starter brush set and mineral powder set 
Revlon Photo Ready Airbrush foundation in vanilla, BB cream in fair, and Concealer in fair 
NYX Butter lipstick in Mary Jane and Little Susie  









 I love the little heart tattoo! 




 Thank you! I love it! 




 Oh stahp :) I'll try to follow the rules next time  




 That makes total sense! thanks for telling me! It won't happen again, :) 




 I'm sorry! I'm a mobile only user so I cannot see any of the rules . I had no idea. My previous post was hidden for for questions if it had a subjects name in it, so I thought it'd submit something else, I did not realize it was a violation. Thank you for notifying me though. May i ask why that's a rule in this sub? 




 Better than what I could ever do! Thank you so much! 




 This is hilarious! Thank you so much!! 




 Adorable! Thank you! 




 This is precious!  Thank you so much! 









 No, it's not a name of one of the subjects, it's the association that held the event where we took the picture  









 143 




 I have bare minerals mineral veil, does that count? Should I bring a powder in my purse to reapply periodically throughout the day? 




 Face washes, moisturizers,  or any makeup would help. My face gets super shiny around 11am (only a couple of hours after I put my makeup on). And I want to find a product that can prevent that. 

Edit: I'm oily and acne prone if that helps  




 My mother had this and I once put it on my lips and wore it around the house because I thought it was some cool shade of lipstick! 









 Sleep paralysis  




 Hit it and quit it. That's the best way to get experience  




 I'm also 15, and currently in a long term relationship with a woman. I guess you could say I found my girlfriend by pure luck, but I think letting your sexuality be known (though scary) will help attract interested people. I completely understand what you mean by practice. I think young love is something you need to experience. Just because it's "young love" doesn't make the feelings any less valid. A ton of people are being condescending on this thread, and I think it's completely unhelpful. Go out and get to know the other lesbians at you school (if any) make friendship, and see where those lead you! Good luck!  




 I loose weight dramatically when I regularly smoke weed. I was about 125-130 when I was smoking a few times a week, but now that I've stopped completely I'm more like 150. I don't know why, but it's still a dramatic shift in weight  




 My SO has PTSD towards all types drugs, (though it's mostly marijuana) and so whenever I mention or insinuate anything that has to do with drugs she gets really incredibly upset. (Needless to say I've stopped my drug habit) 




 I'm almost sure it isn't an infection, because both me and my girlfriend are clean. "Diaper Rash" as silly as it sounds could definitely be it.  




 Could you explain why? I don't really think it's something that needs to be taken to a doctor  




 Obviously the fax machine  









 I'd have to disagree, I guess it depends where you're from and what lesbians you've met. It's very hard to tell where I'm from, people around here don't treat it as something special,  




 Bay City is present!  




 My teacher was like 60 too,  I literally stealing from the elderly  




 I stole money from my teacher for a gram. Probably the most shameful thing I've done  




 Story of my life  



















 Now that's pure Michigan  




 This is an amazing setlist, I wish far too young to die was on it but I'm so excited to see nearly witches and nicotine. Can't wait to see them on the 26th 




 I though Matt and Kim 2013 was amazing, I've never had more fun in a crowd, but The Postal Service set was on a whole other level  of astounding  




