 I know the Cinemark chain will have cheap refills for marathon ticket holders.

I desperatly want to go to this, but my Boss is out of town for a convention that week so I will probably have to work the premier night. 




 There will be a complimentary motel room and shuttle service. 




 I thought she did well in it, but figured it was inevitable. 




 Epfay? 




 Mario on the Gameboy. Shit was frustrating as hell at 5 years old.

Either that or Oregon Trail on the mac.  




 I finally found the manga I read, it is called Batman Death Mask. It is a pretty crazy story about what seems to be a demon living in a Kabuki mask. 




 I just started watching it T.T 









 Love this movie. Highly suggest it. 




 If we can somehow get an update to this is like 10-20 years that would be awesome. 




 Growing up in Texas, I assure you just about everyone here loves Jackie Chan. 




 Any read the Manga I think was called Blank? Only had one vol ever made :/


I know it says no DC talk, but i did one time read a Batman Manga that actually covered some of the time he trained in Japan. 




 Tell him he has to walk around back to the Garage since the front door is broken. 




 This just in. . .Sandman Movie is about a man who sells mattresses. 




 He still has his cash iirc...it is just frozen. 




 Sandman Overture. 




 It is a nice mustache. 




 I was thinking the same thing. It would be a whole lot easier for DC to make an animated Dark Universe series. 




 This. So much this. Bring back the art style of He-Man for Amethyst. 




 Anyone else disappointed the Wonder Twins in JL3k didn't end up being these wonder twins? 




 The second issue after his dad comes back has a bit a feels in it. 




 Not currently, no. I am reading Supreme Blue Rose. 




 I'm not even sure what I read in Divinity! 




 #3 came out this past week and I had to drive across the metroplex to find a copy. 




 [Album](http://imgur.com/a/fynBk)

My local shops all seemed to run out of Divinty #1 so had that ordered. Same with The Valiant #2. I really need to remember to add items to my pull list.

Didn't realize the Ant-Man movie Prelude part 1 was already out so got me a copy.

Ordered the Auxiliary Cover for Lady Death Apocalypse #1. Always wanted to check out the series, but never felt like playing catch up. This issue really summed it up well.

Ordered Sandman Vol. 6-9, finally completeing my collection (I already had vol. 10 when a shop had a closing sale). Have five trades to binge read now.

Swamp Thing N52 Vol. 5 came in same order (which I placed 1 week before IST had a massive DC sale T.T) It is an excellent story and can't wait for vol. 6.

Last is Sandman #19. Found at a local shop when I was searching for my favorite issue (#18). It is the corrected version, but is still a very fine issue.  




 I only have Android. The show is doomed T.T 




 Ok so I need to go stream the episodes that are available on hulu 24/7 for 2 months?  




 All the DC shows. Havent decided to binge watch Marvel's yet. Don't have cable so waiting for Walking Dead S5 to come on Netflix.

On a side note, if Supernatural ever ends I would love a comic book continuation. 




 Unbreakable 2 




 I always wanted to buy an Action Comics #1 and make origami out of the pages. I think it would make a great Art Exhibit. 




 Nice OpSec yo! 




 Longer deeper hits while having the lighter burning it. If your bic wont stay lit try getting a torch lighter or a cheap one you can rig to get a bigger flame. 




 I cam see Gross being 2nd season's Big Bad since Reverse Flash seems to be where it is gonna end this season. 




 If you haven't read them yet, The Death Deluxe trade has some good stories. 




 Such a good story. 




 Morpheus is the Dreamiest. 




 ohh ohh Jerome. 
ooh ohh Jerome 

I'm screamin' at nothin Jerome 
You got me for nothin Jerome 

ohh ohh Jerome. 
ooh ohh Jerome  




 I usually go a couple days between reading sessions. I'll always finish a single issue right then if I start it. I'll read a few at a time, but if I notice myself drifting off I will finish the issue I am on and take a nap (reading tends to knock me out, even comics). I have no real preference on singles vs trades. Occassionally I'll read a whole trade in one sitting, just depends on how well it sucks me in.  




 Sensodyne is an amazing toothpaste for sensitivity 




 The back camera is crazy clear and doesnt take long at all to get a crystal focus. Never really used the selfie camera. 




 For the longer movies 10 more minutes for intermission isn't going to affect the number of showings. A 3 hour movie with 15 minutes of trailrrs and 30 minutes minimum between the ending and starting of a movie in a particular auditorium, gives you 225 minutes between start times. Say they open at 9am and close at 11pm, that gives you 14 hours to schedule as many as possible. You still only get 3 showtimes in one auditorium. 10 more minutes for an intermission per movie won't really change that. Now if it's for a two hour movie the intermission will cut into potential showtimes. 




 Well, we are just 15 years from the next 30's. It may just be time to bring it back. 




 Tuesdays right after Flash. 




 Have a little Scottie Young Hulk or Iron Man in the corner holding a sign with how many minutes left in the intermission while doing a little jig. I would pay a premium to get that kind of intermission in long movies. 




 I wouldnt ming them doing Seasons like those of Sherlock. Give us a couple of really good 2 hour episodes each season and I'll be happy. 




 Not that I drive drunk or anything, but Uber needs to service further south. Desoto isnt even on the map to them. 




 Anyone have any experience with any of these titles? Not too fond of BandW comics, but a deal is a deal if they are good stories. 









 I agree, when he ends up on Earth 2 I started enjoying the book again. 




 If you can find the album at walmart it will be the clean version. Thats wherr I bought it back in Jr. high amd was promptly disappointed. However going back the the Speakerboxx edited version, it is pretty funny. My copy of Lovr Below was stolen for some reason. . . 




 Majority of my DC pulls cancelled T.T 




 He couldve put unlicensed pharmacist. 




 Try scanning your whole machine for picture files.  




 I got mine and noticed little other than ATandT bloatware.  




 Meh 




 Good Lorde is my only saviour. 




 Linkme: Assembly of Worlds 




 Well we are in the Android subreddit ... 




 It goes about as far south as Oak Cliff. 




 Well Uber is now ATandT bloatware it seems. I hear good things about the service, but will probably never use it since it doesn't service the suburb I live and work in just south of Dallas.

Linkme: Uber 




 Timelapse of the Great Pyramids being built. 




 Because it is my birthday today of course. 




 Isn't the first trailer going on 6 years old? 




 Lord Andrew Bennett. Just a Vampire Badass. Had his own series called I, Vampire at the beginning of the New 52. Was also in JLD for a little bit. 




 I've only played three of them. Heroes of Steel is a fairly standard RPG, but still pretty fun. Star Traders is a neat Space Captain game. Star Traders 4X Empires is in same realm as Star Traders, but way more macro where you control all the factions more or less. Takes some getting used, but is pretty decent. 




 I'm not familiar with tablets, but Play Music has an option to move all files to the SD card. 




 That list is like half my DC pulls :/ 




 On 5, my friend wanted to get high for the first time. So we made a night out of it. He wasn't sure if he was feeling it so I put on Justice Cross over a decent pair of gaming headphones. The moment Genesis started he knew he was high and loved the album even more than before.

On 9, sometimes you might not know you are susceptible to Cannabis-induced Psychosis until it is too late. Know your family's medical history, folks. I used to be a heavy smoker and now I can barely be in the same room as someone smoking. 




 Was actually visiting family down in the valley. Never thought my first White Christmas would be in South Texas. 




 Either The Lightbringer's Wings or Dream's Mask. No oarticular reason. 




 They'll likely mail a check.  




 It took me a week. 




 This happened to me last year for a Comic on Play Books, Went from like 14$ to just $4. I just submitted a request for refund and Google didn't mind helping me out in the refund. I even put the reason as "I bought this right before it went on sale". I then bought the comic plus a couple more with the savings. 




 Crazy encoding with theatre specific keys. Shoot, even if you record it while it is playing the MPAA has ways to find out exactly which theatre you were at. 




 My theatre was told to put the advertising instorage. And yea movies is usually delivered the day before over the internet and sometimes by harddrive. 




 Most Cinemas never close short of power outages. 




 You must be related to that Chocolate Chip puddin he gave out. . . 




 Dallas too for the Central TimeZone. Whenever I visit different parts of the country for a week or so, I always seem to miss shows I was trying to watch. It just seems so weird to think that 8pm is THE timeslot when being raised around 7pm 




 8pm Eastern Time Zone and 7pm Central Time Zone 




 https://www.humblebundle.com/?gift=H8XxqPmnYXntd6nT

Have at it folks. 




 I've been using Best App Sale. They recently updated to include Xbox Games.

Linkme: Best App Sale 




 Earlier this year I nabbed them both for a total of like $11. First was ~$4 and the second ~$7. So this $10 is probably not a mistake. 




 I wonder if Google Play will be having a similar sale like last year. I scored Animal Man 1-3, Swamp Thing 1-3, Teen Titans 1-3, Red Hood 1-3, Both Hawkman, JL 1 and 2, JLI 1, JLD 1-2, Batman Inc 1, DC Universe Presents 1, and I, Vampire 1 all for like $4 each. Got me started in the Comic World. If it is just a bunch of Vol. 1's I'll be a little disappointed, but a deals a deal when you still got more stuff to read. 




 Oh I definitly have it. In 10 months I've earned $11.87 which i used it on Heroes of Steel Elite on sale, Darkside of the Moon when it was 99¢, and other sales. Only got 87¢ currently. 




 I've been waiting for DQ VIII to go on sale, too bad it is between paydays :/ 




 I wouldnt be surprised if Sony gave thr Movie Chain CEOs a heads up that they were going to pull the movie before acrually announcing. Letting the initial shock/blame go to the Cinemas is a lot better than the alternative of Sony taking all the blame at onve. 




 I imagine he would be in charge of coordinating all the others. 




 Yea theatres were told to put Interview Ad Materiels in storage for now, so there is some hope.

Source: I work at a theatre. 




 I actually dont mind the portrait. Sure it is different from practically every other game on store, but being able to play with one hand is nice. 




 Cancer posts are cancer. So both you and I are cancer. 




 No go for HTC One M8 :/ 




 I'm offended you assumed just because I am on reddit that I am a young, white, male teen. 




 No actual Genre menus on the Tivo app, apart from what they choose to let you see. :/ 




 Oh no, the lady and I definitly had a Cera moment. I just got out of there before I saw husband's reaction. 




 Not really no. 




 Dragon Quest 3 has a quick save slot so you can do spurts of grinding when you have the time during the day. This is the only Dragon Quest game where you can decide the class od your party members, so the options of how you want to play is excellent. 




 The other day at work a guest dropped something and we both bent down to pick it up. Face full of cleavage and her husband right next to us. I just turned away and wished them a good day. 




 Or do the opposite so this lady can stay in jail? 




 So is Shadowman going to be Continuing? Just finished the 5 trades and about to read the Punk Mambo One shot and loved it all.

Half way through Supernatural season 9 after starting the series two months ago. I'm really regretting not recording the 10th season as it airs. 




 The art is absolutely stunning. 




 I can get one but not the other at the moment. Which one should I pick? 




 Me too, considering I was in the stoner crowd for the last half of high school. I was more into The Orb and various House music. 




 I was just on sale for 99¢ the other week. Ivknow I bought since I never listened to it. I imagine the sale helped with the rankings. 




