 Ah. And I'm sure there's ways to protect you from sunlight and fire within the mod. I know you can sleep through the day in a coffin as a vampire, for example. Maybe fire protection armor? Or keep a bunch of fire protection potions / poppets around. Ahhh the ideas! 




 What the *beep* are poltergeists, banshees and spectres? I obviously know very little about this mod.. 




 I can only agree. 




 Muddle through with my internship instead of end it right there. Now I'm facing the same talk again in a week. Painful enough. 




 This should be way higher lol! 




 I just brought my bike to the repair shop at the train station near work. I was almost back home (45min trip) when I realised I left my keys in. Literally every key I own is on that bundle.

edit/update: The shop was closed by the time I got back there. I had to walk home from the train station and wait for a roommate to come home. 




 This is the first time I'm doing witchery. I have no idea what is and is not incorporated in this mod, which is the reason I made this post in the first place. I haven't seen that much of it yet to see the apparently obvious connection to the Harry Potters series. 




 I did but I didn't know there are earmuffs in witchery. Or was that a joke? :P 




 I had no idea something like earmuffs exists. Thanks! And yeah can do night time probably. 




 Update is coming soon to our pack. Can't wait for it, also to see the new villages :) 




 Will do, yeah! I've been reading a little about the Spirit World on the wiki here and there. You spawn there with an empty inventory right? Are there any items you can take with you? What about your armor?

I might build a maze of Ender-Bramble's (had to look them up but sounds cool) as a community thing, don't know. Depends on how easily they can be mass-produced as they're not too expensive.

So far I know just one person who has started witchery, but he has been inactive for a while. I might poke him and some others to do that ritual. Sounds like a lot of fun. Thanks for your reply! 




 Found after a quick search on the Mindcrack wiki: [click!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ePeYP-MNGA) This is the only bit he uploaded.

edit: video is no longer available as /u/nWW also pointed out :( 




 Hehe, okay then. I already have creative flight at the moment, I made myself an angel ring (from I believe ExU) but calling storms sounds cool! Also a bit of fooling around with other players can get funny. 




 Ahh, no that's good. Better even, as my laptop can't run the pack and an internet browser at the same time. I'll have a look at it, thanks :) I should have all books because of one of the current quests. 




 That's so cool. But I bet it still spawns the mandrakes too. Is there a way to kill them with a brew? Can always put a grinder on it but that's not cool, hehe. 




 I happen to live at a Y-split of a river with three mesa hills on the sides. One hill is my home base and will have the tech stuff that needs chunkloaded. Second hill will be for magic mods (Witchery for now, but I'm gonna add Blood Magic and Thaumcraft, maybe Botania) and third one is for miscellaneous. Maybe bees, but mesa biomes suck for bees :P So its not a dry moat, I wanna keep the river. I get back and forth between the hills using travel anchors and a staff of traveling at the moment, but I wanna get rid of these sometime. Not sure yet. If I remember tonight, I can make some screenshots of the area and show you what I mean :) 




 Sounds scary but awesome. I like it! 




 Ooh, that sounds amazing hehe. Especially how it ignores armor. There are some people hopping around on our server wearing full draconic armor. 




 Nice one. :) I'll look into it. What's so great about becoming a vampire besides being able to say everyone else sucks? 




 It sounds like that is possible, yeah. Awesome idea haha. I unfortunately live in a mesa biome so this won't work for me this time. Would be cool to do an underwater base sometime.. hmm. 




 Ahh of course, familiars. I'll go for an owl as well, I think. They look adorable. I'm sure I'll need koboldite some day so I might fiddle around with that as well. Don't really like/need the broom, I've heard it's a bit buggy while flying around and I managed to get my hands on an angel ring. What are the benefits of summoning and killing Death? Any rare important drops or improvements to yourself? 




 Oh man that's nifty. Automate the production of these for a cool crop farm :o Is it compatible with other mods? And also, this way of brewing potions, is it described in one of the in-game books (like a list with what each item does) or do I have to browse the wiki? 




 Thanks! I'll have a look at these :) Killing people in full draconic gear sounds sweet, there are a couple of these on our server. Can you actually do both lycanthropy and vampirism? We're getting the last Witchery update pretty soon, with the vampire stuff and bigger villages. Looking forward to it. 




 I can assure you, it's delicious. Baked potatoes on the side :) Can also put them in the oven with cheese and bacon. 




 Mmmm. Put them in a wok with bacon and cheese. 




 No problem! I need to see his other work because I actually only watch Hannibal. 




 Hannibal on NBC if you are in for some gross scenes. 




 I scanned over your comment and read Bryan Fuller and Caroline Dhavernas, thinking "ooh yay fellow Hannibal fans!" But nope :p 




 Didn't expect to see this here, but I agree. 




 I'm at currently playing Minecraft in a small but fun community and we recently started doing UHCs. I had never done one before, but I've always watched Anderz perspectives whenever I could. I have entered a few UHCs now and I am now at the point where I take minimal to zero damage while caving. Learned it all from our favourite Swedish guy :) 




 Nothing specific. They ended with "you probably needed attention because if what happened" and I had some therapy afterwards but not much. Getting better still, lying less and less. I'm very careful with new friends and colleagues in particular. To keep it a fresh start. 




 No 




 Hey everyone. Just a quick note here, English is not my first language so there might be a few weird sentences in here. :P

I have started doing some witchery stuff on the server I play on last week. I now have an altar going with ~9k power (x5) because I did the ritual that grows all the trees and plants etc around your circles. I did some basic distilling, brewing and cauldron stuff. It's all nice and fun but I don't know where to go from here! There are 8 books in-game with things you can do and I don't know what's up next for me. Who can suggest me fun, handy, awesome things that I can do with this mod?!

I also got the noble task from one of the server moderators to set up a witchery quest line for our quest book. We have one now, but it doesn't go very deep into the mod. Any ideas are welcome! :) I think Witchery holds a lot of great stuff, I just don't know where. 




 Mine are a bit fresher than that. Like 6 years ago now. Getting better slowly but surely. 




 I do that now yeah. It's very embarrassing to look back at. 




 English is not my first language so I didn't know how to put it down quickly. They didn't say I was a pathological liar. Last thing I heard was that they thought it had something to do with an earlier trauma that I had not processed completely, but instead of me talking about it, I was trying to get "bad attention" via another way. 




 Ahh that's okay. My story also started with a single "my dad hit me" to one of my friends. She told the others and I got them all worried. One of them eventually decided to seek help for me while I kept feeding the story. That's where it all came out eventually. The therapist wanted to see my dad. My parents didn't even know I was seeing her. 




 Sigh, thanks. I'm tired and it's not even 6pm. 




 I have not posted it anywhere before today, I meant the other comment in this thread. But do you maybe know a link to that comment? 




 Mentioned in another comment as well. I faked that my dad was abusing me. I am not proud of what I did at all. My friends were all very supportive but once it came out, they all dropped me. My parents only kept me in because they're not allowed to throw me out. They had every reason to. 




 I faked that my dad was abusing me. I think that would piss you off if you had been supporting me as a friend or if you were my mum/dad.

edit; grammar. English is not my first language. 




 I made up stories in order to get more attention (at least that's how I got "diagnosed" in the end) that went from bad to worse to unacceptable. When it all came out, I lost almost all my friends and my parents almost put me out of the house. 




 "You are taking away my boyfriend." 




 Got stung by wasps twice, I'm allergic. 




 By just reading the comments here, I take it as he still didn't make it. Good, because I don't have time to watch today :p 




 Ah, missed that :p Never mind me then! 




 That's not a healthy relationship. Do you wanna talk about it? 




 Tell me about it. 




 Have sex. 




 I'm a bad loser. Just lost a game of Minecraft UHC, ended second for the second time in a row and it gets to me. I'm too hard on myself I think, it's just a game. 




 Luna chocolate. 




 Oh is it? Didn't know. Oh well. 




 Getting tickled. 




 Just finished one too with a bunch of people from the modded community I'm from. Got second again, getting frustrating lol. 




 You forgot King. 




 No problem. Where are you gonna share it? Might miss it haha, not that active. 




 We don't have any clay in the overworld, only hardened clay. 




 Fear of hurting him, really, even though I know it will do exactly just that. And I guess you're right, but like you said, I'm young. I have so many years left for me, I don't want to spent the majority of them all alone. :( It's okay to end up alone, when I'm old etc. 




 A burp? 




 I don't know either. In some way, I do, but I think I already know the answer and it's just a matter of time and courage.. He's my first one, we've been together for 2.5 years now. I'm 21 and I don't wanna end up alone but I don't wanna force myself any longer in this either. 




 Mostly when helping others out or correcting people over at /r/feedthebeast and /r/mindcrack :P 




 4 years old, watching my mum and uncle carry their mother (my grandma) out of the room. She died because of cancer the next day. I only know her face from pictures, I can only remember her back and how skinny she got near the end. 




 The good: weekend, really, I needed it so much. The bad: doubts in relationship, reawakened trauma, severe moodswings etc etc, not doing good in general lately. The ugly: got a couple new scars. 




 Even though most of the people close to me are all of the opposite sex, I'd be very afraid and would trust even less people around me. 




 A compliment I got given earlier this week. 




 So many women with some sort of knife/tazer/defensive item in their purse :o I don't use a purse, but I carry around my wallet, phone and keys in the pockets of my jeans. 




 Didn't know what to study yet so I did one of these days where you get to walk along to classes with a student etc. He was there too, didn't even like him haha. One year later, turned out we both decided to study the same so we ended up in the same classes. Another year later, we were together. Still are. Don't know how much longer though. 




 No, I have learned a lot and I can now do something useful. I knew nothing after high school. 




 Markup language. 




 First name 




 Ending up alone. 




 A flair is no longer available if you can't pick it from the thingy in the sidebar. You will lose your flair when you pick a different one. As long as you keep this flair, you'll have it. If the flair gets disabled from the picker, it will not get removed from your username.

To answer your last question: all I can think of is that you can make a second reddit account and make a trade through /r/mindcracktrade with it. 




 Stuff like height and weight, I still don't know if it ends with "th" or "ht" and the more I think about it, the weirder it gets. 




 He wanted a break from me after he started doubting whether I still loved him. Didn't know what was worse, he claiming to know how I felt about him or he leaving me hang there with some sort of half-relationship, half-nothing. I ended it right there and travelled home for a couple hours late at night. 




 The only time I get mad at the dog is when she (yes, she) starts riding the other dog. It's a dominance thing but she only does it when we're having dinner. 




 Glad I could help. Can I maybe see the map? 




 Frank Turner - Born to Run (original version by Bruce Springsteen). Heard it for the first time this morning but I really liked it. 




 Food and/or alcohol, TV. 




 Bennie Hill's theme song. 




 That I'm good the way I am. 




 Hello fellow geneticist/bioinformatician :) 




 Girl in biology class fainted when we were **talking** about blood. And there was another girl who apparently had serious mental issues, I once found her on the toilet floor bathing in blood after she had harmed herself. 




 Singleplayer minecraft or writing. 




 Travel. Definitely travel. I have met a couple awesome people around the world who I'd like to visit and I need to pull back from the world around me for a while too. 




 Hold on in there. I promise it will get better. 




 Nijmegen, the Netherlands :) 




 First episode of Hannibal (NHC) amazed me, got me hooked. Season 3 is coming this year, can't wait. 




 Best: I like helping out others.

Worst: I can't help myself. 




 Dutch as my first language, English, basics of French and German. 




 In my first college year, one of our teacher was explaining fractions (1/2, 1/4 etc) using pie charts. We were all at least 17 years old. She was wondering why no one was showing up to the other classes that course. 




 It was amazing. The tent was packed with people and everyone was just listening. A couple people around me were whispering :P 




 Tough one, I've been to quite a number of festivals and concerts. Seeing Elbow perform live in a tent with ~35K people while it's dead silent around you is quite magical though. 




 I was too late buying tickets for Pinkpop last year :( They were headlining the festival. 




 Sound, yes, but no noise. Just a busy road in the distance or a light drizzle outside is enough once I'm tired. 




 Running thoughts. 




 There's a difference between rape (sexual actions against someone's will) and sex with someone underaged. 




 "How are you feeling today?" 




 Here in the Netherlands we have something for on your bread. It's a paste from [speculoos](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Speculoos), it's really sweet. I once thought my mum gave me a peanut butter sandwich, but it was a speculoos paste one. Not really painful, but it was very, very weird. 




 How do you deal with this? I can relate to your story and I know I need to work on this as well. 




 I absolutely love this song. Been listening to a lot of Big Giant Circles since I started watching Sev's streams :) 




 Saved this post. Thanks! :-) 




 I can't wait til we get these on our server as well. :) I just started Witchery so I can still choose a direction and the village will probably come in very handy! 




 I think the most difficult is to pick a path after you've done the basic stuff. Get yourself all the books and make a decision on what you want to do. Then work your way up to there. There is so much choice! 




