 What about EleventhGorgeous?? I think they're really sweet and I love that they add closed captions to their videos. 




 I know what you mean by that... anxiety and creativity. My imagination can run pretty wild.  It's never a good combination - truthfully for me. I read books, I watch movies, I write stories... well, you know the rest. :/ 




 What I mean by cinematic deaths, for example... I see my mum driving the car, and there's this huge truck driving on the highway, carrying dangerous equipment like gas or carrying something that could fall off on the road. Then time would slow down, I see my mom's reaction, and then switch to the truck, I will see it either lost control of driving, started to fall on the road and it would be too late to change lanes to avoid the accident OR I will see the truck's equipment fell off and it was rolling towards her. There are many different ways. I always end it with a police officer, putting his hat down and knock on my door to tell me the news of what happened to my mum or to my SO or to my friends.  

These images are usually disturbing and I would check in with my family and friends to be sure they're okay. They're oblivious to why I check in quite often. I don't want them to know and I care about them tremendously and love all of them.  




 ...when I find myself, thinking about my mum, my SO, and my best friends... I think about their deaths in my head, having dialogues, and creating scenarios like out of the movie scenes, and dramatic stories.  It's different every time I think about it.  It's not like I think about it every now and then.  For some reason, I constantly think about it at certain times when I'm alone and without any human contact.  My mind is evolving strange forms of thoughts and images.

Does anyone do this? Why do I keep thinking about it? Is it fear of being alone? Is it fear of losing them? I ask myself that but am curious to hear from you... what is it that cause me to think about that? 




 I wish I could give you extended thousand of hugs your way. Please get help, go to the hospital. 




 I've been looking for something like this- thanks for sharing. 




 Can't wait to have it in soon. Looking forward to it!! Do you guys want to have me doing the swatches and show each color?? Let me know and I'd do that :) 




 *checks out UpBra website then eyes bulge out the second I clicked "Shop"... $85 for one bra?! What. $90 for ONE STRAPLESS BRA?! ._.  




 I was supposed to see my doctor for an evaluation, a follow up on how I'm doing on the pill, considering it's my first time being on it (which is why I'm scheduled to see the doctor in June).  I know it's supposed to be every single day but he never really explained how it works when it comes to refill the prescription.  I'm aware that I just don't pop it just to feel better.  I know it doesn't work that way. If I indicate in any way to sound like I was implying that, I apologize.  I do not mean to.  Maybe I was being vague.  I hope I'd clarify this by now...  The doctor said I will notice 4 to 6 weeks that the prescription will take its full effects.  Should I notice it by now??  Maybe you are right, as you say, my crazy energy levels is part of the result and it will take a very long time to "re-adjust" with the medicine.  I'll stick it out with 10mg.  Thanks for your reply. 




 I love the colors!! Thanks for sharing! 




