 Yep. Here's hoping the kids are decent human beings and will help out their parents considering all the sacrifices the parents made for them.  




 I'm all about photographer's rights, and no, the guy absolutely did not handle the situation correctly. But people need to mind their own damn business sometimes. Did she really need to be up in the middle filming it? No. She just needed to feel important. Back the **** off while people do their jobs. Any idea how freaking dangerous it could have been for her to be in the middle of a SWAT situation? Completely ignorant on her part. 




 After being on Flickr for ten years now and over the past few years crossposting things to Twitter, Facebook, and now Tumblr over the past couple of weeks - I'm kind of wondering what the point is. Anyone else started to wonder this after awhile?

I shoot documentary, street, everyday life type of stuff and I have no desire to become a professional. It's an art/hobby thing for me only. I have a portfolio web site so I seem "legit" to people I meet. I'm also applying for a local grant in the fall so it seemed like a good idea to have that presence.

I have a blog because I enjoy it. I also like to have access to flip through some of my old photos from time to time. It can be motivating for me.

But things like Flickr, Twitter, Tumblr I'm starting to feel disillusioned with. I get likes on my photos and all that but it really means nothing to me. I mean, it's nice and all but it means absolutely nothing. Most comments are just people wanting you to click on their profile and look at THEIR stuff. It's starting to seem a little pointless to me.

It's made me wonder WHY exactly I even feel the need to share my photography. I don't think it's a bad thing, but in an objective sense, I just kind of wonder what the point is. You know?  




 Get new friends 




 Ugh. I lived there for awhile because of the same situation. Boyfriend had a kid. Ended up resenting both him and the kid because I was so unhappy and isolated there. Unless you are a mom, good luck finding friends or like-minded people. Commuting two hours a day has the potential to make things even worse as far as resentment. It was a really unhealthy situation for me because every time we had an argument which was unfortunately a frequent occurrence anyway, I would wonder why I have given up everything to live there. Not good.  




 Where the heck is Heckingers?

Sorry, had to do the obvious. 




 Jesus, worse than the fight is the ignorant bitch screaming in the background the whole time 




 "Norfolk Chesapeake and the other 7 cities are no more than a half hour drive"

Depends on what time you are driving there. But typically its wayyy longer an a half hour and extremely frustrating. 

I've lived in Richmond for two years and was in Hampton Roads for 12 before that. I can't believe that hellacious traffic became normal. Well - not normal. Expected, but still infuriating.  




 I just came here to ask about this. Saw these plastered EVERYWHERE on campus over the weekend. I was wondering if his friends played a joke on him, or if he tried to spank the wrong girl. 




 Henrico does have a limit technically, but they don't enforce it unless some serious shit goes down. I was told this by a Henrico Animal Control officer personally. 




 Agree with Louisville! 




 I went there last year and can attest to this.

City on the river. Lots of hipsters. Farm to table restaurants. Craft beer. Art galleries. Food trucks.

I liked it a lot actually. I'd driven through it a million times but never spent any actual time there. 




 Yep, along with building a nest on my window AC unit starting around 5am. F--k birds. 




 Grove Ave Family   Cosmetic Dentistry 




 Yep! My local store matched the price of Amazon, so I bought there. 




 I used to be a police dept analyst down in Hampton Roads. It's really weird living up here and not knowing that kind of stuff anymore (since I no longer work in LE). I'm not sure if not knowing makes me feel worse, or oddly, better (ignorance is bliss) 




  I use pivot tables in my job - data analysis 




 thanks all!!! 




 I moved up to Richmond a couple of years ago and am still exploring the area. I really love road trips, Americana, and motels from the 1950s-1960s - so I headed down Route 1 for a bit this weekend and was not disappointed.

Are there any other historic routes like this in the state? 




 I stopped obsessing about this because a) I don't print much and b) there are so many variations of monitors out there that even if it looks good on mine, it may look horrible when other people view it. Not to mention most people are just flipping through Flickr and my blog on their phone... 




 I think it's just a trade-off. You'll never be able to spend as much time as you want doing whatever you want, when you have a family. This is why I personally don't want children! 




 Why are we enabling this idiot and feeding his ego?

Seriously, who cares about this dude. 




 The more of an asshole you are to complete strangers, the more hardcore you are. :)

Seriously, I've read about street photographers being yelled at, harassed, physically confronted and had the cops called on them. Almost all of them have that in your face, dick-ish style. Really, what do they expect? I walk around, do my thing, talk to people and treat them like human beings and that seems to work out okay for me. But to each their own. I think some people just like confrontation and drama.   




 I don't ask because it ruins the moment. Also, I've had people say no in response to the dumbest things. I asked an old man a few weeks ago if I could take a photo of his shoes. He said no thank you. Very nice and friendly in his response, but it was a no. I said it would just be his shoes, nothing identifiable in the photo. He smiled and said no thank you. 

That stuff drives me crazy because I don't understand the big deal. If I had just taken a photo of his shoes and kept on walking, I could apologize later and still get the shot. After all, it was just a pair of shoes. But since he said no, if I took the shot after that then I would have felt like a complete asshole. 

So no, I don't ask. UNLESS I have already struck up a conversation with someone. Then I ask.  




 Hey! I ended up not going because it was a little on the cold side. I will probably head out there one of these upcoming weekends. Definitely appreciate the suggestions, they have really helped me plan things! 




 It's totally macho bullshit. Some of the stuff out there I can't stand - photos of people being surprised or angry on the street, with flash in their face. It says nothing about the city, or society - just "here's a person I surprised". Not personally my style, but to each their own. Some "street photographers" do pride themselves on being the biggest assholes possible. 

As a female street photographer, I don't get taken seriously in "street photography" communities. I stopped bothering years ago. I don't like the elitism. I shoot what I like, I document my city, I get out and talk to people. Good enough for me.

 




 See, I'm kind of the opposite. If I were going to hire a professional photographer, I would look first at their portfolio and their blog. That's not to say that I wouldn't hire one that didn't have a blog - but that's what I look for first. I don't even pay attention to Facebook/Instagram for hiring people. Mainly because every stay at home mom with a DSLR has a "photography business" with a Facebook page. I weed those out to an extent by focusing on people with an actual web site. 

A blog is great because I like to follow local photographers' work that I like, and I still use an RSS reader.  




 Pretty much. This is how I feel about photography forums in general lately. Pictures of XYZ are cliche, don't use zoom lenses because that makes you a loser, don't do this, don't do that. God, who cares. Most of us will never become famous for our photography and I think, or hope, most of us accept that... so just shoot what you want to shoot and who cares what other people like or say about it. 




 I hear you. I have the same issue with my job. It's reddit, it's Facebook, it's Twitter, it's negativity and drama everywhere. I do feel like there are more trolls on reddit though. Not so much this sub but just in general. It's just getting old. 

 




