 The mindset where if someone thinks something you don't they must be wrong. I have been getting some backlash lately over things that seem so trivial. Despite the fact that I always make a point to not be rude or offensive.       
Reddit is such a wonderful place sometimes, but it can also be really cruel and closed minded.  




 Some pretty serious BDSM type stuff.      
I also had a dream a while back that I actually got wet from, I was dreaming I could go down on myself. It was weirdly awesome and I was incredibly sad when I woke up and realized I was actually not able to do that.  




 Someone else that is making noise and moving shit around because they are all frustrated or something. I can't handle people's shitty moods that early. 




 Um. Ladybugs.       
I can't really even talk about it.  




 That would smell so fucking awful.  




 "Let me see that pussy!" Or whatever other vulgar shit like that. I can't even think of any specific ones. It happens every time I am in public. Usually more than once. Riding my bike four miles through the city I have gotten up to 20 cat calls. They're generally crude and make me feel gross.        
It's one of my least favorite things ever.  




 What sort of positive and negative impacts do you make on the world and those around you? Please explain in detail.  




 Aren't we all? 




 Yes. 




 Yeah I would be fuuuuucked.      
But I think it would be more efficient to ask about specific genetic ailments and the severity of them.        
High blood pressure≠Huntingtons disease. 




 I have been wondering if I have classical as well as hypermobility type.  




 They do nothing for me. 




 I want my head between her legs. 




 When I just watched something and I have to watch it again. Like if someone wants to watch an episode of something and I just saw it. Or someone missed like 30 seconds of a movie and insists on rewinding it but ends up rewinding two minutes. For some reason it really irritates me.       
  




 You can ask for the whole can. 




 One of the genetic lottery ones. I always miss them. But I have a weird genetic disease. It's actually really cool besides the fact that it is ruining my life.       
Edit: it's ehlers-danlos syndrome type 3. 




 There's not much of one. My body has always felt like shit. Just figured out I have ehlers-danlos syndrome, dysautonomia, TMJ, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome, fibromyalga, and osteoarthritis.      
But I am 23 and one of the few solutions is opoids. So they still won't treat me. The last guy wanted me to get a bone scan but wouldn't order it. That's what every doctor is like.  




 Of course. 




 Yeah apparently it's not ok for people to step out of the boxes they are put in. I usually get along with guys really well because it's easy to fit in until someone can't handle it. I also have close girlfriends. Just for the record.       
My best friend's boyfriend thinks I hate him because we tease each other all the time. I don't get it.  




 Yeah I don't get it. I have found that when I hang out and joke around with the boys (you know, normal endearing ornerness) and there always one guy that thinks I am being mean even though everyone else is making the same jokes. It's too easy to come off as bitchy. Gender rolls are confusing.  




 I don't think I am above that, but I am different from that. There is plenty about my lifestyle that other people don't understand or disagree with.      
I'm not saying they are assholes and I would do better. I am saying it is weird to me and I live a different kind of life.      
I'm not sure what about that calls for downvotes. If anything it just means I live an odd kind of life. 




 I'm pretty sure I could rock a penis. 




 I really love my armpit hair. I have also found that is the easiest way to get downvotes and insulting comments.      
Fuck it. My hair makes me happy. I also like men's deodorant and underwear. There was a sex shop that sold some of those shewee products (so women can pee standing up while camping and stuff) but the ones they had were sort of shaped like penises and came in all kinds of colors with sparkles and shit. I wish I had gotten one.      
I have a boyfriend for the record. I just don't understand why and where the line exists between genders all the time. I am actually pretty feminine and don't have any problems with dating and all that. 




 Ted. I thought the humor was really cheap and obvious. It was too immature. I feel like it was directed towards a demographic that I in no way to fit into.  




 It was just so much dialog. I didn't find it charming. Usually Terentino's films have great monologs. I really can't stand Pulp Fiction either. (I know, I'm a bad person) it just doesn't do it for me. I love everything else by him. 




 Percoset. I would be able to do stuff today.  




 I was like 17. My mom's husband spit in my face and his 40 something daughter that was the size of a buffalo attacked me. I left a muffin on the desk in my room.  




 "Hey dad can I have some money?"      
Just kidding. He's an alcoholic.  




 For ten years over a dozen doctors have ignored a patient's chronic pain, see what happens when she is diagnosed with a rare genetic disorder! 




 How does that mean I have to understand them? I don't see why this is controversial. Before I stopped working because I am disabled I still hardly spent money on things that weren't necessary. Half my clothes came out of free boxes. Paying $8 for a pack of slim fast that I needed because I couldn't chew food was a lot tof me event though I had plent money. I hardly spend money. Currently my biggest expense is for a prescription that I need in order to function.        
If I did have a lot of money I don't think much would change. Yeah I would put it towards a better living situation and such. But I would still probably make my own furniture rather than buying any. If anything I would get a big enough house that would allow me to foster eight rescue dogs and rent out extremely cheap rooms for people who need it.         
Money is not the only thing about my lifestyle that is different from the people I am talking about.  




 Just because I don't understand people like that doesn't me I don't think others can't think that way about my life. All I did was answer the question. And that is my real answer.        
For the record, I rarely buy clothes that aren't cheap and second hand, I don't have a car, I refuse to pay money to go to the theater, and I drink tap water.       
Every time I shower I am grateful that I have access to a house with running water. I can even drink it, that's amazing. I get to eat food in all kinds of variety, the amount of vegetables I have access to is incredible and it is all because I am lucky enough to live in a first world country.      
When I have the chance to give to charity or provide someone in need with a meal I do. I have distant family in the Philippines that have to walk five miles each way to get their daily supply of water.       
No shit there are people that would be baffled by how I live and I do what I can to respect that.  




 Fucking doctors about my chronic pain. "You really just need to exercise, try and be active, stretch your muscles out."        
Turns out I have a connective tissue disorder and that is almost the exact opposite of what I should do. The only exercise I should do is very specific. Definitely no cardio or stretching.        
And it turns out that they actually need to do their jobs and do doctor stuff so I can have a life rather than brush me off.        
I have seriously had some major conditions my entire life and not a single doctor bothered looking into it. They just blamed me for not exercising and eating right. And I'm not even overweight.  




 Jackfruit. It almost smells like durian but not nearly as pungent. And it is delicious.  




 I was SUPER insane for a while when my chronic pain first got bad. I have always had depression but at that time it turned in to psychotic depression. It lasted like a month or two. I was screaming and crying and punching myself in the head every night. It was really scary not having any control over myself.      
Then I got on antidepressants and now I am able to think rationally.  




 I'm 23. Gone to college or pursued any more education. I also don't drive.      
I am good at learning, bad at structure and deadlines. And the driving thing just scares me.       
My dad's side of the family (who I am closest to) are all well educated. I would like to be but I'm not sure I am that kind of person.       
Rather I ran off with a band and performed for a living for a bit then had an awesome job doing grunt work at a dog rescue.  




 To get enough treatment for my pain that I can actually live a life similar to that of a normal 23 year old. I don't expect to ever be perfectly functional or have the same amount of energy as most, but I would love to go back to work.      
That probably won't ever happen though.       
Despite having good insurance and everything. 
 




 My best friend and I have words for other things rather than their actual words. Bread is wheat loaf. If you have seen the movie The Core, they build a ship to go to the center of the earth. We dubbed it a dirt ship.       
And jock straps. Well those are crotch bras.       
Being an adult is hard. 




 "You're so beautiful, I just really need human contact. Nobody ever likes me and I am so lonely. Please come home with me and hold me. Please." *starts crying* "I won't try and have sex with you. I just really like you and you are so awesome. Please just hold me. It's been so long."       
This is a real thing that I have seen happen and it is really fucking creepy and uncomfortable. It's pretty extreme but playing any degree of a pity card is a bad idea.  




 I am specifically talking about people like that though. I didn't get too specific in the main comment because I didn't think it mattered and I didn't expect anyone to pick it apart. I just answered the question.  




 Same. It's one of the only things in my life currently that I actually like. I will think about quitting when I can have a life again.  




 I'm not *quite* a male. But how trashed she will get and how she acts when she is trashed. I am all about having fun and getting drunk once in a while, but I could never be with a broad like that. 




 Even if I had that kind of money I would never spend it like that though. And if I did I couldn't live with myself if I didn't give at least that much to charity on a regular basis.  




 Coffee. Could be worse?  




 [Touching my tongue to my nose](http://i.imgur.com/ANBzwoa.jpg)       
[This bullshit](http://i.imgur.com/opdFZKj.jpg)       
Among other things like that. It's not cool because it is caused by a genetic condition that is ruining my life. The amount of braces I need would make me look like fucking buzz lightyear.  




 I worked at a hole in the wall Italian joint that was ran by Chinese people. Food was never spat in. But there was other gross shit going on that was not up to code.      
The bosses were so cheap that they refused to toss chicken that started going bad so it still got served. The cooks would tell the rest of us when not to eat it. I'm pretty sure they are getting shut down.  




 I worked at a non profit dog rescue until I got too ill. I just did grunt work though. If there was anyone against that kind of work they can suck a dick. If someone leaves their dog chained up out back all the time I WILL FUCKING TAKE IT AWAY FROM YOU.      
It's not about what people think, it's about the well being of a living, breathing, loving animal.     
Some people don't deserve pets because they are too selfish to take care of them properly.  




 Well we are currently long distance so it would be really awkward. I don't think that translates well to phone sex. Or skype.       
Also he would be fuuuuucked and stuck with like eight conditions and a ton of chronic pain.      
I would be having a field day.  




 Fuck yes adobo. Seriously my favorite food. I had some yesterday.  




 I used to play music a lot. Mostly my banjo ukulele and singing but I also play wash tub bass and autoharp. I still try to play a little and I do when I am drinking with musical friends. But my health has gone to shit so I don't play much anymore because I have early onset osteoarthritis in my hands and such.      
Now I sit on the couch all day with my phone a pile of jigsaw puzzles.  




 That she is on heroin. It's past the point where anyone can help. She has to decide to quit on her own.      
I can't really hate her though, no one is as similar to me as my sister and I still love her and like her. I'm just sad for her. 




 I played wash tub bass with a friends band for a while. When I first picked it up that's how I was making a living but it only lasted a few months.       
After a year rolls around one of the well paying gigs wanted us back again for their annual party. I had to dig my wash tub out of the back of the closet and somehow when we played the gig I still remembered all the songs.       
They gave us food and booze and money. It was a good day.  




 People that have money and spend it frivolously. It blows my mind that some people will just spend $400 on a whim.  




 Because you need to fucking floss.  




 A medical lawyer.      
Doctors suck and I need to get them to actually treat me so I can have a life.  




 Yes! It kind of makes me not have a personality.  




 Seriously. It's so fucked. As soon as I get denied the first time I am finding the best lawyer I can get.  




 Hopefully.  




 All I am prescribed is cymbalta (60 mg 2x a day) and tramadol (50 mg every 6 hr). And I take some other otc stuff like melatonin and stool softeners.       
The cymbalta actually makes my pain a tiny bit worse. But it makes me sane.    
I was really hoping that tramadol would work for me but it's not really. Maybe about half as much as I would like it to. But I doubt I will be given anything stronger.  




 I need the same thing. I think there are a couple of them in olympia but I'm not sure if they are decent or not.      
I haven't even gotten my diagnosis yet because the geneticist at UW turned me down. 




 I mean, it just sounds to me like she was naive. Normally girls like that have a low self worth. But maybe she is just into that shit, in which case I don't care. That's just not usually how it works.  




 I don't understand how people can't tell what their body needs. There's a difference between what I want and what I should eat. I just know weather I need calcium and fat or when I need protein or fruit. It seems so simple to just pay attention to my body. Sometimes I crave things I don't even like. Like carrot juice. So I can easily assume that's what I need.  




 Not to you.  




 Yes. 




 Does that make a difference?  




 Yeah I have done that too. Not in the bathroom though. I would drink beer also. If I was there after my shift (to wait for a ride or my check or something) I could have probably gotten away with walking around with a beer. As long as there were no visitors.      
It is a dog rescue and most of the kennel cleaners are alcoholics and already drink on the job all day. Once in a while I would go to the back during breaks and get someone to give me a swig of whiskey.  




 That's sad and disgusting.  




 She is clearly an awful person. You didn't do anything, what she did was entirely unacceptable.  




 Yeah I had to read that a couple times to understand. I should probably go lay down.  




 I do the same thing. Laugh and cry. I'm 23 so I know how bull shit it is.       
I actually want to get another one of those printed out so I can color it in and show my other doctors.  




 Dude I'm an adult. 




 My mother's ex husband.  




 As a girl, probably alone. Unless the girl is my partner or something.  




 Rare genetic disorder with several obscure symptoms. Lucky me. 




 Well this is legal but it is treated like it isn't a lot of the time. Narcotics. The war on drugs has really corrupted medical treatment. There are so many people in chronic pain that have tried everything to fix it but the only thing that actually makes a difference is narcotics. Yet doctors tell them no because they will become addicted (despite the fact that there is only a less than 2% chance of that happening under proper medical supervision). The abusers have ruined it for everyone.  




 Yeah it took me a while to figure out. It also causes me to have POTS. And it makes it really hard for me to pee. Haha. Because the urinary sphincter is supposed to be controlled automatically and mines not.      
Being in my body is like driving a stick. Hahaha. 




 I really love a lot of the late 90s fashion. The way they made dresses then are flattering on me. The weird alien merchandise. And the platform shoes. Okay maybe not the best but they make me happy.  




 For my health to get better. For my pain to be low enough that I can feel like a normal 23 year old sometimes. And maybe even get to the point where I can work.     
Anybody?  




 Relieved. It is really about time and everyone fighting for it is probably exhausted. I'm sure there are kinks to be worked out. But that battle is basically over.       
There are probably millions of people that are so relieved, extatic, celebrating, and realizing that they are no longer repressed and can finally celebrate their love with their partner just as others can.     
Knowing that there is so much hugging, crying, laughing, and screaming going on right now. Well that feels good. 




 They don't actually care about people's feelings. They just like to argue and be right. 




 The Alchemist by Paulo Coelho.       
It is such a great book but it really doesn't get enough recognition.  




 That's not how that works and that's not what I said. My life is positive and I don't hurt other people. So I am done explaining/repeating myself.       
And the reason you will never know me if because you are some random person on reddit. Not because you don't like dogs.  




 I have already said it doesn't make them a bad person. And why do you care about whether or not I'm antisocial?        




 Sometimes, sometimes not. Like I have said, I'm not saying that everyone that doesn't like dogs are evil and should be banned. I just don't invite them into my life.         
Two decent people can have problems with each other and not get along. It doesn't mean one of them has to be bad. 




 That doesn't prove your point though.  




 Isolated truth. 




 That's not how that works. Stereotypes are a shitty thing to do. Even if you were right one example wouldn't mean anything.      
Seriously, how are you legitimately trying to convince someone to believe in some stereotype you are advocating?       
This is beginning to get much to silly for me.  




 Being called 'babe' by strangers. 




 I see a guy with dreads that seems to be part of some kind of cause. What does that prove? 




 Tramadol isn't working like I hoped and I know that doctors won't give me anything stronger.  




 What are you even trying to imply? Do you just not have a reasonable response?  




 How? I have never really been wronged by a dog. People do shitty things all the time. When a dog might do harm you can tell, aside from there being some sort of mental issue.       
Do you really think people are all that trustworthy?  




 But the rest of us don't want anything to do with stereotypes. And considering I have been to many places with a heavy concentration of dreaded people and things like kombucha and metaphysical supplies, I doubt the one place you have been to is some kind of exception. Which gives me more reason to believe that you are close minded than that your stereotypes are a real thing.  




 It's beginning to seem like you have some kind of weird obsession.  




 Why people are so opinionated about the body hair on a woman they don't even know. It's amazing how many people will go out of their way to hurt someones feelings about something so insignificant. Which really applies to many things.      
I really just don't understand what it is about my armpit hair that people take so personally.  




 The point was made by everyone but you.      
Why is anyone supposed to care about Fremantle? And it's not like that was the point you were trying to make in the first place anyway. Which is what I am addressing.  




 But that's not what was being talked about. So considering the rest of us are *not* there that is pretty irrelevant.  




 EXACTLY.  




 Well I have a friend with a band that was going on tour with her boyfriends band. I was needing to do something with my life and had just gotten out of a messy relationship. So my friend invited me to come along and sell their merch at their shows and then street perform with them when we got to the destination. (They had an amazing stand up bass player for tour but not once we got there.)      
The trip (US) was from the Pacific Northwest to New Orleans and we all made the trip in an old Chevy bluebird school bus. It was a crazy ride with tons of shows and all kinds of people we stayed with. There were a couple breakdowns and the transmission had to be replaced both times. Once for two weeks and when we finally left we immediately got stuck in a snowstorm. About 14 hours at a dead stop on the highway. So we drank whiskey and took naps. Oh and I peed on the road in front of the bus.       
Now my friends boyfriend is rather eccentric. He dresses like he's from the 20's and used to be in a popular circus sideshow. So he had some clown friends and that who's house we parked outside of. I ended up performing with the clowns as well as my friends band.     
That house had at least a dozen people living at it. One of them took an interest in me. It was winter and incredibly cold outside, and I was sleeping on the bus on a hard little bunk that was crammed right up against the ceiling, I could hardly turn over. It was so cold I slept in my snow suit. Then one of the guys in the house invited me to sleep in his bed. He kept hands to himself for weeks and was quite the gentleman.       
We have been together for a year and a half or so now. It looks like it won't survive much longer though due to shitty circumstances.      
        
But yeah. That's the extended answer.  




 Not everyone with dreads or body hair have those kinds of ideals though. I personally have only met a handful of them. Yet I know dozens of dreaded/hairy girls that are not like that.      
But I know profiling is *super cool* and all so CLEARLY it would be much better if we all made those kinds of assumptions.  




 The way people treat each other.  




 I am the product of one. So yes. And I suppose I am currently in one. I'm half white half not. My partner is mexican.      
Some people are racist, some just have their preferences without being racist. As a matter of fact, my partner won't date mexican girls. He just has his preferences.  




 You tagged my username to call me crazy?      
I don't disagree but how I feel about people and dogs isn't a factor. I know at least dozens of people who share my point of view. It's okay if you don't see it the same way. But everyone lives completely different lives and have all kinds of opinions that differ from others. Just because some of them are in opposition doesn't mean one of them has to be insane. And what is more important than opinions is weather or not they use them to go around and hurt others. Try and be a little more open minded.        
There's people that live their lives in all kinds if weird ways. I don't assume they are crazy though.       
And like I said, if it weren't for people like me there would be millions of dogs with no homes or dead for that matter. So I guess if being "crazy" gives me the drive and opportunities to make a positive impact on the world then I am okay with that. I do what I can to be kind and caring to others, particularly those who need it. It's not like I go around being mean to people because they don't like dogs or whatever other things that don't make sense to me.       
And I certainly don't accuse them of being crazy (because it is an unkind thing to do, and I don't want to be the type of person that does hurtful things). 




 The gas when I had a root canal.  




 Basic juggling.  




 I sort of count. I am 1/4 Filipino and 1/4 hispanic. But unlike my sister I look mostly white. This sometimes puts me in weird situations like when someone says something about Mexicans or whatever assuming there is no one around to offend/that it is okay to be racist.    
One time I was with a friend and her friend at the house he lived at with another guy. I was maybe 15 at the time so it was somewhat shocking and I don't remember all the details. So we are hanging out and the roommate seemed kind of cockey but whatever, then my friend brings up that I am 'asian' or something.     
The guy immediately started being insulting about it and acting irritated. He kept being rude to me until I told my friend that I needed to get the fuck out of there and we left.      
It was really weird.       
Aside from that I don't like that with white friends I have had I am the token brown friend or something, and then all my brown friends (not to mention my family) tease me for being white.  




 For ladies, the handheld shower head. Seriously the best.      
BUT when it's not the hand held type I have figured out how to McGyver my way to orgasm. It doesn't always work if the shower head doesn't come far enough off the wall, I have figured out how to get around that sometimes though.  
This involves a hair tie and a wash cloth. The hair tie goes over the shower head first, then drape the cloth in top so one corner is hanging down in a way that all the water coming out is pouring off the corner and then use the hair tie to hold it in place. And then of course you lay down and get busy.       
Depending on the shower this can sometimes create a stronger stream than what may be desirable. In that case the cloth can sometimes be adjusted so the stream is more spread out. Or you can deal with it by just letting it hit off to the side of your sensitive area (which personally I find quite nice).      
And that is how you get off in a pinch.    
 




 Yeah people don't take me seriously a lot of the time. But I know that what is going on is not fucking normal.      
I get fevers too by the way. But they happen off and on all day. Every day. Dysautonomia.  




 Yeah its making some people defensive. But it is really an efficient thing in my life.      
I'm surprised there are actually people on both sides of my opinion.  









 Yeah but drunk and dirty. 




 I once lived in the ghetto in a house full of clowns (like actual performing shit show clows). And when I say ghetto I mean Katrina territory of New Orleans.       
Several of the clowns had these shopping cart/bicycle hybrids that were painted all circus style. It was a whole new flavor of trashy.      
Many shenanigans were had at that place. 




 I have all those but from different fun diseases. I wish it was diabetes.  




