 I actually took a good friends virginity. I told him I wasn't interested in a relationship, and he was cool with that he just wanted to lose it. It worked out fine, and we're still good friends :-) 




 I ate an ant when I was maybe 6. I'm not sure if it was really an ant, my cousin told me it was a termite. What do know for sure, is that random ass insect tasted like maple syrup. It was so distinct... I remember being amazed. I've thought about trying it again, but I don't think I have the drive to try various ant-like insects in pursuit of the elusive maple syrup bug.  




 Same. It's really hard to find those people too. That was what my mom did for me. It's not as easy to implode in on yourself when you have people on top of you making sure you don't. Unfortunately I live with my dad now and while it's a better environment for me, he just doesn't give a shit about that kind of stuff.  




 The thing is, I've tried being friends with her girlfriend, and we've hung out quite a bit. This change seemed to start when I gave my friend that painting. Should I just talk to her girlfriend and be like "Hey I think of her as a sister, not romantically."? 




 I don't know if this will get any replies but I could use some advice. My best (and basically only) friend whom I've known for a year started dating this 17yo girl 4-5 months ago. They're great for each other, and she makes my best friend so happy, but I've become a problem in their relationship? 

  I've felt like we've been growing apart lately, and I thought our friendship had just run its course until we talked the other night. She told me that my gifts (specifically a painting) and texting random thoughts to my friend had bothered her girlfriend. She explained that it seemed like I was being too close with my friend (whom I think of like a sister) and was "thinking about her too much" due to my random texts at sometimes odd hours. 

  This is kind of frustrating because it feels like her girlfriend just has a problem with our friendship. So r/relationships, I've come to you for advice. How do I work this out and talk to her girlfriend so I can keep this relationship and stop straining theirs? 

**TL;DR: best friends girlfriend's jealously straining both relationships, how do I work this out?** 




 I googled rapid cycling and here's a link on bipolar disorder I found, it might be helpful to look into. See I think knowing would be helpful, because then it's not just this faceless thing plaguing you, knowing what it is puts a name on it and the symptoms- it's not longer just problems you're having for seemingly no reason, it's an actual legitimate disorder and knowing helps to cope with it better.  




 Distractions do help somewhat, it sucks when you literally don't even have the energy for distractions though. u/rossa8 had some good advice, using music to kinda help direct your mood, starting out with angsty and sad music then transitioning to happy up beat music. Although I would say your cycles sound like rapid cycling which is associated with bipolar disorder, have you looked into that?  




 This is really good advice, I really like how you start out with angsty depression music to match your mood, then gradually transition to upbeat music. It kinda reminds me of how if you put a frog in boiling water it'll immediately jump out, but if you start with cold water and slowly boil it it'll stay in there. It's like conditioning your brain. I'll have to try this, thank you :-) Bipolar disorder is entirely in the realm of possibilities, as my mom has it, but I feel like my cycles don't really fit it- like I've never experienced mania, it's just been either depressed or normal.  




