 I was just diagnosed with double depression a couple weeks ago, which is basically dysthymia with a major depressive episode happening on top of it. I had the same sort of realization as you a couple months ago when I realized that normal people do not actually feel the same way.

My experience with dysthymia has been mostly with my complete apathy. Currently, I only speak to two people regularly. I'm more of a loner and I tend to cut people out of my life easily. While, I'm not suicidal, I also feel like I'm not particularly attached to living. As in, I feel like I would not particularly care as to whether or not I wake up in the morning. I feel quite isolated as a person, although I usually thought this was just my personality since middle school to feel like I cannot relate to other people.

Consider talking to someone about this, especially your parents if you are close. Although I've never had a significant relationship in my life where I felt I could confide in another person, including my parents, I know it does a lot of damage to carry this kind of burden yourself.  




 This clip creeps me out just about every time. D: 




 I work at a research lab for medical device testing. I'd just want to point out that animal testing is not about "ooh, let's strap down this animal and stab it with a bunch of needles and sharp things because we like to see it suffer" like the media would to make it seem. A lot of people that I know in this type of work genuinely care about these animals and about making their lives easier during their stay here. Granted, I'm not saying this is true for every facility, but I think there are plenty more good facilities than the bad ones that tend to be overrepresented. To me, it's a necessary evil that's more about the choice of scientific progress over stagnancy because there's no way to create an accurate artificial model with what we know now (although that would be nice).

It's much easier to just label testing as a purely evil practice while personally enjoying the benefits. If it goes against your morals that much, then decline treatment that uses any pacemakers, any drugs, stents, prosthetics -- pretty much any medical device made and approved for use (including surgical tools and techniques that were tested on animals). It would do these animals a world of benefit if medical companies weren't so pressured from social backlash to keep testing hidden from the public eye. 




 That's the same reason why I finally went to get help -- my depressive episodes were repeated, but I felt that the intervals between them were getting shorter and shorter. Has your experience with dysthymia been pretty consistent? Because I feel like I do normally have a pretty low mood, but I also feel like there were definitely some days scattered in there where I felt better than others. My therapist asked me how comfortable I was with the idea of starting on medications but I don't think I'm quite comfortable with it yet. 




 Yes, I believe that's what my therapist was talking about. She basically explained that my baseline mood is much lower than most people's at a neutral level. When bad events happen, this triggers a major depressive episode at the same time and when I do recover, it's always back to my low baseline, so never really quite up to the mood level that most people are operating at.

I mostly went to see my therapist after years of putting it off (the last time I saw a counselor was in middle school but I stopped after I felt she violated my trust -- I'm now in my last year of college). In between those times, I've been basically suffering from repeated depressive episodes spaced every couple years, although recently the interval between these episodes has been getting shorter and shorter. Between my episodes, I'm usually quite apathetic and feel quite isolated from people still. I had hobbies that I was extremely passionate about that eventually dwindled down to nothing. Same with the amount of friends that I had due to my inability to feel connected to them. I am close to my family but I would say that I've never had a relationship where I felt close enough to reveal these sort of intimate feelings that I have. I tend to be extremely private as a person, even to my own family. 




 I usually give cigarettes to the first one or two people that ask, but it really bothers me when people feel entitled to getting one of your smokes just because they asked. I've definitely been called a selfish bitch for not immediately handing over a smoke. I told her to get over herself and buy her own damn pack. 




 I went once on my 18th birthday with some friends and my boyfriend at the time. Way more men. It was also very awkward because the stripper that was performing during the time we were there was crying during her dance. I don't think I've ever had to sit through anything as awkward as that. 




 Nope, but that's never stopped other girls from doing that to me.
At the same time, guys who do this are just as much at fault as the girls. 




 [Heart Skipped a Beat by the xx](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjUX2LESOpM) 




 No, we'd been in a long-term relationship for a while. It just happened that some girl he met expressed interest in him a month after they met, so he made plans to dump me to get with her. Classy guy. 




