 I don't know whether I will be tending or backing yet. The guy said the bar is getting a delivery on Friday and wants me to know where every different drink goes before he puts me behind the bar 









 I'm 18 M starting my first bartending job on Friday 




 I'm M 18 about to work my first job as a bartender, I start on Friday. 




 The graphics 




 'Why do you need meds? You seem pretty normal to me'
'Bitch that is the meds' 




 "Fuck you're tall" 




 Swiggity swooty I'm coming for that booty 




 I never go on reddit with the intention of jacking off, but reddit always seems to have that intention for me. 




 That's true, Things have been good lately. Medication has really helped me, I would like to be off it though in the future, But until then, things are good 




 Does it get better? 




 We don't have 'pounds' in Ireland and they certainly aren't terrifying. 




 How do I sign up to this? 









 Aw dude nearly all of us do that 




 Same here, love that game. First ever Pokemon I got 




 Avic's really dont get enough love here! Beautiful T's 




 Male or female...Gorgeous 




 My ex used to kind of bite my lip a bit when we pulled out of a kiss, then bite her own, flip back her hair, and look so deep into my eyes as if she was looking for something. 

It's a pity she was a cheating whore.  




 A girl who teaches music in the same place I do is absolutely gorgeous. She's not into me though. We get on great face to face and just chill in the rooms after teaching lessons talking about the randomest shit, but when I tried texting her, it got to about 2 weeks til she made it pretty sure we would only be talking at workbut. She's incredibly beautiful, and I still think about her a lot even though work is out for summer. 




 My mum. I can't put in to words how much I love her. 




 This moved me, youre very mature and sensible  




 one thing about lying is the truth *always* emerges eventually 




 Mine is Warhammer and Lego 




 The only thing that comes to mind is that putting bleach in your mouth probably isn't a good idea 




 It's just a small thing nothing permanent 




 Whenever my demons get on top of me, I sometimes tear up. Whenever I think of all the hurt and emotional torture I've caused my mother, Kills me y'know? Pisces man 




 A Rey Mysterio t-shirt at a WWE live event. €50 for a half naked man on my shirt, never wore it again. 




  When she remembers things I say and takes an interest in my life and what goes on in it. It makes me feel really good about myself. 




 definitely NPC 




 I love it 









 My next door neighbour was the best Christian in the world, She went to mass every single day. Said the rosary every single night, Always helped the priest and cleaned the church. She did this her whole life until she died of the most painful, slow, excruciating, cancerous death imaginable. When she died she left her sister, also a committed christian to live alone and run the entire farm. 2 months later her dog of 14 years died, and now my living neighbour lives alone all day praying and farming, Loneliness must be unbearable. That's when I realised if there was a God, he had been a total fucking asshole to my neighbours who were sisters. Who were both the most committed christians imaginable. Slowly killed one, and left the other alone to work for 10 years. That's when I came to the conclusion if there was a God, he wouldn't let that happen. And if there actually was a god, He's a total asshole. And that's how religion no longer became part of my life 









 If they removed just the pinna (the oart of the ear you can see) you'd still be able to hear, just a little less.
*SOURCE: 4 years studying biology* 




 I came to this thread after a morning browsing of r/tarantulas and r/spiders so thats probably a contributing factor 




 I'm single because my depression got in the way of my last relationship. I didnt want to do anythinv with her, Not because of her, but because of MDD. Then she got frustrated and cheated, and now my other half is my dog 




 I love how friendly your language is throughout this 




 /r/gonewildpopping 




 Kind of like me, I want to get a unique and meaningful tattoo, But I've lived *the* most mundane, uneventful, First World life 




 For You 




 I enjoyed the image although saddened you did not fully live up to your username 




 Beautiful 









 Years ago my parents used to leave a six pack for the binmen once a month or so. In return they would leave a company bin bag (worth €5) every bin day so that we didnt have to buy one and the company would still collect our rubbish because it was in their company bag (a requirement if you wanted the company to collect it). We kept it up until somehow their boss found out about it, but it made for a funny story. 




 Well I live in ireland so an army/race designed with Celtic origins would be great 









 This reminds me of *I, Pet Goat II* 




 Nope she likes people, She chills out on people's laps and she's happy 




 Sorry for your loss, When the time is right you should pick up another, to keep the remaining bird from feeling lonely 




 Wow, cool story. Luckily my dog isn't spoilt with attention (That sounds really mean to say, but too much attention is bad for pups) 




 But if you met a guy, and everything about him is perfect, and youre at his place and hear a bark.
'Oh hey that's my dog Rex, you should meet him'
Remeber this is the GUY OF YOUR DREAMS here, and he's just dropped the dog bomb, What do you do? 




 Luckily I fall into the 'otherwise' category  




 How many birds do you have? 




 If I was with someone my dog would have to be accepted, but getting the girl was what I was wondering about 




 Oh no that mouth kissing stuff is rotten. Yeah especially if the dog is an indoors amd outdoors dog, The stuff it licks, can't even describe 




 I'm 18 and I'm lucky to have a really good dog in my life; pic here http://imgur.com/TeZvKWQ. I spend a lot of time with her and she's helped me through some hard times. I get a lot of comments such as "*You and your dog must be so close*" "*She's always in your snapchat story*" If you personally met a man and realised you and him were getting along really well, Would you be put off him if he was really close to his dog?

TLDR; I love my dog a lot, Is that unattractive? 




 'Hardcore paranormal noir fiction'
*nods head as camera pans to face* 




 That would have to be a *massive* load that it didn't dry in an hour. And who squeezes a sock? 




 Japan 




 RDJ is never sad, he always used to turn that Robert Frowney Junior upside-Downey Junior 




 Trust Reddit to remind you you're making a bad decision in trying to better your life 




 That's a real art 




 Winning? he's already won 









 Sub to all spider related subreddits here, always great to see a surprise like this pop up on the front page 




 It's 2014 you don't need to specify that your phone has a camera 




 Just judging by the chunky size amd thin palps I'd say its female, Hard to tell 




 It's not a bad thing! haha, Her abdomen looks very big in comparison with the rest of her body, Nice T though 




 Watermelon spiderbro 




 I knew jumpers were cute...but this spider has taken it to a new level 




 "Chill man, you can go back to bed. He won't be bothering us no more bud" 




 I have loved spiders since I was a kid and only found my first jumping spider a few days ago (*check my post histroy*) They're a real treat to see as they are so small and rare, I fely so lucky 




 Camera flashes can be so strong, Have any keepers noticed if it affect tarantulas in any way? 




 Another great post Feriat, Your P.Metallica looks great 




 I've been into T's for a long time and this the first time I've heard of A.Hentzi, Looks like an awesome spider. What's her temperment like OP? 




 She's so big 




 Thats a really unique enclosure, Cool! 




 Can't seem to source a pet shop that does them in the city 




 Sarah Palin's vagina 




 I thought Grumpy Cat died? Both in meme life and irl 




 Hmm Interesting, Thanks OP 




 Guitar playing student here: Cannot confirm will get you laid. But OP is right. 




 Haha achieved what we all aspire to be! How long does it take for the roaches to go from breeding, to hatching to being food for the T's? How long does the life cycle take, This seems like something I could get into 




 I love rat rods 




 I've tried to kill myself three times and am currently on upped medication 




 Facebook 




 David Luiz 




 Putin listening to policy on Crimea 









 Hang on what am I looking for here?  




 this made my toes curl up and my right foot start spazzing out in multiple directions 




 I'm 18 and just finished school. My parents left the house as they do everyday and told me to cycle to the nearest town ( 1 hour bike ride) and put apply for a job in the factory there. If I get it, which I doubt it do, I have to cycle over and back every day. They will be really pissed because they left at 10 AM and now 3 hours later I'm still lying flat on the floor aimlessly staring into a screen with no motivation to do anything. Why would anyone employ me anyway? fuck that. fuck me. 




 This is the greatest thing I have ever seen. 




 Exactly :) 




 When I'd drift off my puppy would be "asleep" in the dog bed beside my bed. I used to wake up with her lying on my chest looking up at me. She sleeps outside now cause she's bigger but she still does it if I lay down outside with her 




 -Management 




 And it makes me feel guilty for not being happy when often I have no choice in the matter 




 You're obliged to be happy at Christmas,  nobody wants a depressed shit around the tree. That's what's killed me the most about the last 3 Christmas's. I can't help if I'm sad for fucks sake. Pisces man. 




 Being off school leaves me with too much time to think 




 I finished my last year of school and now all of my long time friends (8 of them) have told me to my face they don't want anything to do with me this summer and cut all ties.

 Unfortunately, I suffer from MDD and decided to cancel upcoming appointments with my Youth Therapist, scheduled during summer, because now that school is finished and exams are done, I presumed I would feel an awful lot less stressed.

My girlfiend of eight months turned out to be a cheating sleeze, and after I gave her her *third* chance, I decided even though I'm not much of a human, I deserve more. I'm not too fussed because I know things at this age (18) are only for fun and shit, and I really *really* enjoyed hanging out with her.

I'm so, *so* alone. My dad and I don't get along. At all. My upped Prozac dose no longer pulls me out of this isolated sess-pit with a history of botched suicide attempts and self-harm scars. I'm only in my first week of a 4 month summer holiday, with no promise of college (Irish university acceptance depends on a point system based on grades which arent released until September)

 I have no-one to make plans with, anything to look forward to. To be honest, no-one to live for, not even myself. I feel so alone. 


TL;DR I'm depressed and suicidal, with nothing to look forward to 




 or shave a few years off their life 




 Not the one I deserved... 




