 "So I was talking to my dad about a car and he saHOLYFUCKWHEREDIDYOUCOMEFROM?" 




 At least she didn't save up to go to Costa Rica. 




  Alpha-Linolenic-Acid, Asparagine, D-Categin, Isoqurctrin, Hyperoside, Ferulic-Acid, Farnesene, Neoxathin, Phosphatidyl-Choline, Reynoutrin, Sinapic-Acid, Caffeic-Acid, Chlorogenic-Acid, P-Hydroxy-Benzoic-Acid, P-Coumaric-Acid, Avicularin, Lutein, Quercitin, Rutin, Ursolic-Acid, Protocatechuic-Acid, and Silver.

I know some of those words. Better stop eating apples. 




 He drums a mesmerizing tune with the 2 machetes he bought for 6 dollars and 97 cents. 




 "Fucking gfyshat." -mobile users.

Damn progress bar covers the captions. 




 When I was in high school I'd bound up the steps 4 at a time. 

You really scare people when you go up a flight of stairs at high-speed in 3 steps. 




 That's like a euphemism for adulthood. 




 Why not both? 




 My headmates say you're a shitlord.  




 Taters gonna Tate. 




 Roadwork in winter: that shit is dangerous yo. 

Plus the work would be so shitty because asphalt needs to be at a certain temperature to cure correctly. It would crumble and they'd have to repair it in spring anyway.  




 Pretty sure an Irishman took it. 




 Or the good parts of a contract you sign with the devil. 




 Having an entourage is expensive. 




 Kept reading it as "short or dress." 




 60%? 

Jesus you are a moron. 




 I know what I want to do in 5 years, 10. 

My mind set is that people who think you should just go out and get a better job is crap because those people were afforded opportunities that they aren't willing to give to others. 

That and the climate for small business loans is shit. 




 "Any dumbass off the street can do your job." 

OMG. You are so right! What have I been thinking? Any dumbass can talk down a drug addicted parent who is raging up a storm in Child Protective Services. 

Any dumbass can hit someone with a maglight, it takes skill to get someone out of the building without hurting them or yourself. It takes skill to see the slight markers in demeanor or the trace of a weapon under clothing, remaining calm when someone is threatening you with a knife and being able to disarm and subdue them. 

Yeah, any dumbass. 




 That logic fills me with rage. I work as a security guard. There are times where I will literally have to risk my safety. Do you know how much that is worth? 

$8.75 an hour. I am lucky I get that and 40 hours a week because some job sites pay federal minimum wage. ($7.25)

Why don't you find a better job? Motherfucker, when I get off work at 8 in the fucking morning after working 32 hours in a span of 56, it isn't exactly easy to go out and do what I need to do. 

Why don't you just stay up and get stuff done during the day? Because if I sacrifice sleep, I sacrifice my ability to do my job well, and thereby risking my literal fucking life. 

Mothefucking useless pieces of willfully ignorant shit. Godfuckingdammit. 




 So he was one of the first men to stare at goats? 




 Same reason a guy wants to be infantry.  




 Of fucking course there's a wiki for him. 




 I didn't get a degree in polisci, at all even, and trying to get people to listen to a logical statement about how their messaging isn't going to catch or they are being too one dimensional is fucking infuriating. 

"I have a degree I know what I'm talking about." Yeah and you were wrong about shit three elections in a row. And the bullshit is that these were people who were at most a few years older than me. 




 Cities from Texas consume food at twice the standard rate. 

Cities from California consume food at half the normal rate.

I know this is impossible to work out, but its funny. 




 Religious/ Economic. 




 Assyria, Babylon, and Persia were major empires. 

Israel acted like a city state. Defend its people and mind its own business. They never really expanded beyond the region Israel currently holds. 




 Tiny islands as America, find shaka a few islands over. FFS. He declares because he thinks he has the numbers. Demolish his ass, take a city or two and then I sign a peace deal. 

Next era he declares again. Stomp his face into a curb. I assume that made him retarded because he was friendly by the time ideologies came around and chose my freedom over autocracy.  









 'Run a train'

Its always wonderful to think that they guy who says this is talking about a conga line style train and is getting fucked but a seriously big guy.

You can't have a train without the couplings. 




 Eh. This is reddit. 

Sibling with broken arms is OK. 




 ;) 




 Maybe, maybe not. Maybe go fuck yourself. 




 You could always pay someone to fuck off for you. 




 That's more like price fixing than what the commenter was trying to convey. 




 Save it anyway. You can blend them with lighter roasts to add a little complexity or use it to make iced coffee drinks that don't get too washed out with the ice.

As long as it isn't well past a French roast, you can find something to use it in. 




 I'm hungover and I mentally associated it with a convection oven. 




 Depending on the govt for subsistence doesn't automatically make people lazy. Why do people not understand this?

I'm far more inclined to believe they would fight harder to defend it if it was threatened as it would be their source of food and water. 




 Apparently you and I have wildly different definitions of these things. 

Your roast was probably off because the beans need to be moving around and not stationary/ you burned the chaff back into the beans. 




 The thought of putting a plastic popcorn maker into an oven at 350F didn't seem odd to you at any point in time? 




 Well, at least it would have decent coffee. 




 Train wrecks are one of my triggers. 




 Popcorn makers have a the most at to keep it from getting hot enough. You won't get anywhere near first crack. 




 "How many people are in your party?" 

"Everyone bro..." 

"How many people are in your party?" 

"I dunno, like a hundred or whatever?" 




 Yeah. Me too. 









 When the thought of going on a three-day bender is more attractive than trying to face any one of your current problems. 




  It's kind of bewildering to me that OP see's this as some kind of insult or offense.

wut. 

I'm talking about when I ask. IDFC if someone asks me to grab something off the top shelf.  




 If this isn't a world record attempt, they are a failure. 




 No, but it is a name born entirely from the working class families of England. In fact it refers to the work done by roofers. 




 Born in wedlock to two still married parents. 

And guess just how English my last name is. 




 I'm not Swedish, you twat. 




 You know whats funny? The fact that I'm not even remotely Swedish. 




 Why would I replace her with a gremlin? 

http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d0/1977_AMC_Gremlin_X_-_Hershey_2012_d.jpg

Wait, still a ginger hottie. 




 Wake up on the wrong side of being an asshole this morning? 




 Why does your BigBox store sounds like a Saw movie? 




 The only problem I have with this is the organic foods bit. 




 What do you want us to call it? It's not like it's a real sport. 

Play some handegg and let's talk. 




 Even though one of the things that tends to be associated with being tall is Joint/back pain. So getting on my hands and knees to reach something 6 inches off the ground and 2 feet over might not be exactly painless. 

Or efficient.  




 The only thing I'm getting out is the lube. 




 I know, I just wanted to whine a little bit.  




 First one says "I'm a musician." 

"I am too!" "So am I!"

"I'm a musician too!

Three of the guys burst out laughing. 

"What's so funny?" asked the drummer. 




 While I understand the sentiment about justice, 73 year olds IMO tend to get confused pretty easily, especially when put in a situation they have no experience in, with two tools that are similar in shape and function.

Then again, I can't speak to the guys mindset. 




 You're supposed to take the filter out before you cum in it. 




 Role-Playing Grenade sounds pretty awesome. 




 You and I have very different definitions of "pebbles". 




 Pretty sure one kitten couldn't make a glove big enough for my hand. My dick however... 




 But if I ask them to grab something from under the counter they look at me like I asked if kittens make a good coat? 




 0'0" 

Unless you count my hand at 10 1/2" 




 That's a much classier way of saying you have a rape fetish. 




 Or a very rough childhood. Could be the kindest kid in the world but you give em a shitty parent or two and that kid will shut down.

Sometimes its easier to just not let anyone in. 




 Better for making paper thin slices. 




 And apparently its cheaper. 




 Asphalt is recycled at something like 99% over. Its like aluminium at this point. The only thing we are really paying for is the labor. 




 ITT: People who have never seen a thunderstorm before. 




 Shining Time Station was truly magical with George Carlin. 




 I think that's the plan... 




 "What will you name it if its a boy?" 

"Junyah."

"And what if its a girl?"

"Uhh, Junyah." 




 OK. Use an old Umatic video tape to list your demands.

There are probably less than 50 of those in working condition across the US. 




 Unless you like pissing off cops and making them find a working floppy is a pain in the ass. 




 Of course there's a jags thread in cringepics. 

MUSIC CITY MIRACLE, MY ASS. 




 I refer to spring as Bukkake season. 




 Woah. 




 Emotional, not physical. 




 It takes a real man to fuck another man in the ass. 




 Everything is a cake if you're brave enough. 




 I'm sure we could think of something. 




 Emotional. Not physical. 




 You are supposed to use animal blood. 




 Are you serious? That's not a snide comment, that's a pretty realistic statement. 

~30% of Americans get a Bachelor's degree or higher. Saying that the average voter has a reading comprehension at a high school level isn't even remotely snide. 




 See, this is what I'm talking about. Snide comments about someone's intelligence, particularly someone you don't know. 

Really helps doesn't it? I can feel us winning back a majority in a year and a half because you insulted my intelligence.  




 Apparently people still aren't getting the point.  




 The point 

(Woosh)

You.  




 Politicians are elected to "represent" the people. 

Messaging gets them on your side. Tell me the messaging in 2014 resonated with the voters. 

EDIT: "Messaging should be..." Yeah. In a vacuum, real world isn't a vacuum. 




 But Susie down the block says I should cut out X from what ever. She would never lie to me. The Dr. just tries to push pills or diet on me. In fact, I saw on the news about how Dr's take money from prescription companies to give people their drugs. 

Why should I pay for some shill to write me a script when I can just stop eating this one thing I already don't eat?

**I'm really hoping you see the point now.** 




 Waifus  Girlfirends. 




 Clicks at 1 second. 

Seems like I'm a good button presser.... LADIES. 




 The average voter has a reading comprehension level equal to that of a high schooler at best. We've been relying on book smarts = real world smarts. 

There is a reason Obama won with speeches that are the lowest level of reading comprehension ever. 

**EDIT: IRL I work a security guard job. Who am I supposed to relate with, Joe the plummer or Elizabeth the fucking Harvard Professor?** 




 Morning workout = morning coffee. 

"I'm sorry but this is what I have to do before I can really mentally function" esque. 




  It's been a few months since we talked. How's the new job? 

You have a better memory than I. I work overnight so this is like me drinking beer at midnight.  




 It was just used to drive home the point of b=brother. 




 Or right outside your bedroom door and you have dark colored carpet. 




 I was driving home one night and passed a bus stop with some old homeless lady sitting on it. I've learned not to deal with the homeless around, because well, they tend to be the helpless homeless around downtown. I guess she wanted my attention and was calling for someone stopped at the light. Sounded so much like my demented grandma... really freaked me out. 




 LPT: Zoom out. 




 Clearly that is 9-0. 




 Is that still popular? 




 Pussy. 




 O what? 

I'm still waiting on bingo here. 




