 Literally Magnus' worst nightmare. 




 Linkens is the old build for mana and a bit of survivability early. I usually go Manta before Skadi because it helps you farm faster, or at least picking up the Yasha. 




 The TEAM needs a carry. Yeah you'll win a couple cheeky games with 5 supports but that's an extremely small percentage of games. 




 The bench. 




  Banning pick is a much more balanced choice!!

MMR leader bans the 3 hardest counters to his hero, goes mid, stomps game.

So balanced. 




 Obvious troll post detected. 




 Two melee against a QoP/Undying? Hell no. The more people in a lane the better for Undying.  




 Then you have Fear on a safe lane farming Clock? PPD fucked up. He drafted two combinations that are great on paper (void+wd and storm+omni) in team fights, but drafted himself into a corner where Empire were able to draft lane dominators and completely shut them down. Even if the roles were switched, neither side lane core would have gotten any farm. Razor+1 would have zoned the shit out of both Clock and FV, and QoP+Undying is super strong against a tri lane consisting of two melee with no hard lockdown if you wanted to run a tri lane.

Empire saw their weakness and exploited it hard.  




 Bloodstone/BKB gives you survivability but zero control or damage. The issue was that Razor got the Diffusal way earlier than anyone on EG expected, and it wasn't revealed. So the mid team fight where repel was diffusal'd off and Sumail died in static storm took EG completely by surprise. 

 Linkens is nice i guess but there is plenty of mechanism for poping it

Linkens after Orchid would have given Storm damage, control and more survivability because with repel on, the only thing that could pop linkens would be the diffusal. And if diffusal is popping linkens, the repel stays on, therefore negating the need for a BKB but still retaining your magic immunity.

 Get bloodstone , use the repel and the bloodstone range and hp to take fights early (20 to 25 min where i believe storm has his biggest power spike). Then go for bkb

Yeah, at 20-25 minutes is when the diffusal came up if I remember correctly. He was fucked at that point. 

EG got outplayed and slightly outdrafted. In hindsight, the only thing they could have done with that draft would have been to secure Storm an immediate Linkens to avoid Repel being diffusal'd off. Then into Orchid and Bloodstone. A lot of space would have needed to be created by the Fear/Aui combo however, and that didn't really happen.  




 Make his ult cooldown 60 seconds instead of 30. Fuck being able to take 3 lanes of racks in 90 seconds at minute 35. It's bullshit. 




 No it wouldn't. He'd still be as dominant as he is now, you'd just need a +1 to Rosh and you couldn't take 3 lanes of racks in 90 seconds. 




 The main advantage that using Edge Pan over WASD gives you is that you utilize those freed up keys for other things. Namely, control groups to make playing micro-intensive heroes much easier. 

I use a mix of Edge Pan and WASD. I have my camera speed up really high, so if I need to move my camera to the left, I can tap A and it will move it where I need it to be. I've also remapped some hotkeys to make hitting important keys easier (Q attack command, E stop command, 123456 spells, ZXCVFR items). 




 CARRY FUCKING TP SCROLLS 




 What if they made the Cooldown on Troll's ult 60 seconds instead of 30? Would that be too much? 




 Dagon/Eblade was so much more fun though. Stacking ancients on Radiant was easy, you could do it by yourself. That patch was when I first learned how to really play the hero and it was the most fun I've ever had. 

Funniest moment though had to be when a Bloodseeker was on the other team and I wasn't paying attention around the 10 minute mark, farming up a quad ancient stack spamming Soul Ring and March without remembering that he could see how low my health was with Thirst and he ran over and 1 shot me.

Good times. 




  55% wr 5k mmr

Dotabuff? 




 Someone needs their pacifier.  




  Thanks Volvo - proof that ~~you are screwing me with bad games and worse teammates~~ i suck at this game. 




 wut 




 Kotlguy is miles better than Zyori.  




 Ice Armor is probably his best skill at this point. 




 If someone abandons in a stack, the whole stack loses MMR. Problem solved. This would prevent one player from abandoning to save their stackmates from losing MMR. 




 Had a game a couple days ago where our PA abandoned 30 minutes in, while it was still a pretty even game. I was playing Beastmaster, so I just stuck PA on myself and ran around. If a team fight broke out, I Blink Roared and stuck my Boar/Necro units on their Troll and played the PA from there, because honestly what use is a Beastmaster after you initiate besides summoning another Boar and maybe throwing out a Wild Axes or two.

We won 8 minutes later. You can definitely still win if someone abandons, just micro their hero.

Your suggestion is good though, but you need to make sure that if people are playing in stacks, if someone abandons in the stack, the whole stack gets -25 MMR, but not the other players of the team. This would prevent a player from biting the bullet and taking the abandon to save their stackmates from losing MMR. 




  same anoying problem.

They're the same MMR as you. 

You have an unranked MMR just like ranked, it just isn't shown. This is what determines what ranked MMR your calibration matches are played at.  




 Having your waves continuously push into their T3s applies pressure that they constantly have to deal with. This leads to openings for your team to find the key pick offs that could give you the opportunity to break high ground. 




  instead of just dismissing it like they do now in 60m+ games

Just because it doesn't get put on the 1 position doesn't mean it's useless. Aegis on position 2 or 3 can still be huge, as well as Cheese for a support. Also, denying the other team the opportunity to take Roshan is huge as well. 




 On the account I use now: 65% 20 games with PA, 64% 14 games with Drow, 63% 35 games with Troll.

On my previous account: 67% 66 games with Bloodseeker, 65% 29 games with Viper, 61% 33 games with Crystal Maiden. 




 1.) Consider 2-1-2-1 if you think you can solo kill at 6 with Vortex or get a good rune. Maxing Overload first is best because that's where most of your damage comes from. Remnant or Vortex next can depend on your situation, but usually Remnant for flash farming.

2.) Ganking as Storm is rough early on because his zip uses a lot of his early mana. Best to farm your Orchid as fast as possible and go from there, unless you find a good rune (Haste is best, DD is okay, Regen is pretty great if you know how to use it).

3.) You can but it shouldn't be necessary unless you're losing your lane.

4.) Not 100% on this, but what I usually do is Zip in, use Orchid while in Zip, Overload attack, Vortex, Overload attack, Remnant, Overload attack, Zip behind them, Overload attack, repeat. 




 Juggernaut isn't all about his ulti. Yeah, it wrecks, but you're also talking about if he's ulting 1 person for WW or illusion heroes. If you're in a 5v5, he's bouncing around to everyone. Illusions help mitigate ult damage, but he's so much more than that. Also ignoring the fact that when he leaves it, he has magic immunity in Blade Fury, a really strong AoE healing ward that isn't always easy to spot and a built in crit, plus is extremely dominant and powerful in every stage of the game, as opposed to other carries like Spectre, AM, Dusa, Weaver that take a lot of farm to hit their peak. Jug gets strong at 10 minutes and doesn't fall until like 50.

 oracle,winter wyvern,earth spirit,bane.

All very high skill cap heroes. You can't just tell someone "play Oracle if they pick Troll". Someone who doesn't know how to play Oracle will end up fucking up more team fights than they assist in. Banes the same way. If you aren't good with Bane, you're probably going to do more harm than good by misusing Nightmare or Fiends Gripping at the wrong time and getting interrupted immediately. The only people who should be playing Earth Spirit are above 4k, otherwise you're going to be useless. It's like a 2k picking Invoker. Yeah you might contribute and win against equally terrible players, but you're not actually playing the hero correctly or to full potential. 

Read the last line of my post: 

 It takes pairings and coordination to win against these heroes, and that's the hardest part about pubs.

Against Tinker it was easy. Pick Storm, hunt him down. You barely need to know how to play Storm to accomplish that goal. Zip into the trees after he blinks, interrupt his TP, watch Tinker cry because there's not much he can actually do at that point. Void? Disrupt/Swap the carry out of chrono if they got caught. That's literally all you needed to do to be the hero. DP? lolblademail. 

The problem now is that you have to pick a combination of like 3 different heroes to actually play against their one hero. That sucks in pubs because not everyone can/wants to play those heroes.


 




 Nice try. 




 Puck is in a perfect place right now. Pretty sure nothing needs to be changed. 




 Give me a direct hard counter to Troll and Juggernaut.

edit: That's as easy to play as those 2 heroes. Winter Wyvern comes to mind, but it's generally considered a higher skillcap hero than Troll or Jug. 




 At least Tinker and Void took a way larger amount of skill though. A shit Tinker in the Dagon/Eblade days (which I'm assuming you're referring to) was useless. If you were a good Tinker, yeah you wrecked shit. He became one of my favorite heroes during that patch. 

In this patch though Troll, Sniper, Juggernaut are so easy to play. Also there are direct counters to Tinker, Void and DP. Troll has no direct counter. Juggernaut doesn't have a direct counter. It takes pairings and coordination to win against these heroes, and that's the hardest part about pubs.  




 Until he pops ult and bkb bash locks you. AM isn't a particularly tanky hero. If you're down to a 5 second bkb, he's almost guaranteed to get two bashes off during that time span, which means one disable after AM's bkb is over and AM is done for.

The problem with Troll is you have to draft an entire team just to deal with him. He doesn't have a single hero counter. There are two ways to win against a Troll. Either shut him down so hard during the first 15 minutes that he's essentially a non-factor (pretty hard to do in pubs), or draft a lineup purely dedicated to kiting him around during team fights (even harder to do). 

 This is coming from a lowly 2.2k scrub too...

Okay, well at 2.2k people barely know what they're doing in the game. I've been there, it's pretty bad. I'm over 3k, and yeah I've seen some horrible Trolls that were easy to beat. But in the hands of somebody who actually knows how to play the hero, it's devastating (i.e. a game I played as Troll a couple nights ago where we had mega creeps sub 20 minutes.) If you're able to hit your timings, the other team has to pull out a miracle to beat you. 




 If I'm SF, I'm not letting the support Omni take a DD rune because my bottle is full. 




 Did your Storm Spirit have a Bloodstone? If so, upon his death, the Bloodstone healed you. 




 All you have to do is face the other direction for a third of the duration. It's not hard. Everything in this game has a counter. If BKB didn't have things that countered it, it would be grossly overpowered. 




 It's not. The formula is (n/k) = (n(n-1)...(n-k+1))/(k(k-1)...1)
where n is total amount of heroes and k is the number of combinations you're trying to find. 




 If you're talking strictly on 1 team, I believe it comes out to 122,391,522 possible combinations. 

For both teams, you're looking at 4,689,764.

Math done using the formula for finding the amount of combinations of 5 card hands possible in a 52 card deck:

(n/k) = (n(n-1)...(n-k+1))/(k(k-1)...1)

where n is total amount of cards (heroes in our case), and k is the number of combinations you're trying to find.

(110x109x108x107x106)/(5x4x3x2x1) = 122,391,522
(110x109x108x107x106x105x104x103x102x101)/(10x9x8x7x6x5x4x3x2x1) = 4,689,764 (rounded up from a decimal). 




  The meta does not apply to under 2k MMR.

Yeah Pugna could work in sub 2k. Any hero COULD work in sub 2k, because people have no idea what they're doing. But if you're talking about the meta, which applies to players who actually know how to play the game, Pugna doesn't fit well.
 




  my 4th and 5th ability slots (T and G) and my Stop command key (H)

Wut?

I use a mix of Edge Pan and WASD with no real issues. 

WASD camera move, Q attack command, E stop command, ZXCVFR items, 123456 spells, SPACE hero select, TAB select all units, CAPSLOCK control group tab, TGBH specific control groups.

The biggest thing removing WASD camera movement helps you with is heroes that require you to micro throughout the game because you can use those 4 keys for control groups. I hate playing micro heroes in the first place because they're not my style, so I never found that to be particularly useful.

Switching to Edge Pan won't automatically make you a better player. Does it help for specific heroes? Undoubtedly. But it's not some remedy to boost your MMR up by a thousand like reddit likes to imply.

Good luck though! 




  rarely

What other heroes do you see Mek on though? Enigma and Chen are the only two I can think of off the top of my head. Viper Mek is still built but it's not that great any more. 




 The meta does not apply to under 2k MMR. 

But the answer is no. Pugna's nether ward is great against a few heroes that need to use high mana cost spells often in team fights (Tinker, for example), but since not many of those are in the meta, Pugna doesn't really have any other uses. Early 5 man hard tower pushes are less effective than they used to be, and that's what Pugna excels at. Aside from Nether Ward, he doesn't provide anything in team fights. His AoE is okay but you need to be basically on top of the enemies to use it, which is bad for Pugna. Decrepify is too situational to really warrant picking him, and his ult is a channeling spell that can be easily interrupted before it does any real work.

 




  TL;DR: Would Dota 2 benefit from much shorter matches? 20-25 minutes?

Not sure. Maybe you could ask everyone that watched TI4.  




 Yeah the mana cost is too high. That's why it's rarely built any more. 




 This confirms the fact that I'll never be able to play Invoker.  




 EG, Secret, IG, VG, LGD are 5 for sure.

The next 5 aren't as easy.

C9 should get one. Rave should just because they need to direct invite at least one from SEA right? So that's 7.

Asus and Empire could receive invites but are kind of on the brink. Alliance has been showing up big recently, but on the brink as well. Navi definitely isn't getting one. 

EG, Secret, IG, VG, LGD, C9, Alliance, Asus, Empire, Rave are my prediction if there is 10. 




 The problem with Peruvians on US E are that you have people from a poor and very uneducated 3rd world country queuing with people from arguably the most developed nation in the world. If you don't speak English, or can't understand English, you shouldn't be allowed to queue for a server hosted in a country that speaks English as its default language in a game that relies heavily on communication and coordination.

If I went to the South American servers not being able to speak Spanish or Portuguese I would be in the wrong. If I queued for SEA without knowing any Asian languages, I would be in the wrong. 

There are 3 servers hosted in South America. I'm sorry your country is a poor shit hole and you get worse ping to SA servers but you're ruining other people's games just by being in it on US E.

If Valve region locked, the gaming community that queued for US E would be a million times better than it is now.  




 Depends on how many Chinese teams get direct invites this year. If they do 4 again like last year, 3 are already most likely taken by VG, IG and LGD. Who gets the last spot? I'm assuming either Newbee or Ehome, but probably Newbee because they are defending champs. 









 I still think this game would be far better with region locking. I don't care if my queue times go from 2 to 6 minutes, I want games where my teammates speak the same language as me. If my preference is US E and English, I shouldn't be matched with people from 3rd world countries that don't speak English.

I'll gladly pay for it. 




  44.21% Win Rate

Ok 




 As much as I like the idea, I don't support it. He's one of the last heroes I want to see picked more often in pubs. 




 Well you can set R to autocast I'm pretty sure, that would make your life a ton easier. 




 You were probably reported in addition to the abandon in other games recently. I've abandoned games before with no low priority.  




 It's extremely cookie cutter at the moment. Can't wait for 6.84. 




  i want to treat that game liek a regular game

There's your problem. Just afk NP cliff jungle until it's over. Low priority has three types of people: Those who abandon because of an emergency/internet/power failure, those who abandon because they raged and those who get excessively reported. 

If you fall into the first category, you're a minority. Just get through it as quickly and effortlessly as possible. 




 Well, kotl/ds would be pushing the wave insanely hard. If you were safe lane, you need to practice last hitting under tower. If you were offlane and they were pulling, you're basically fucked and picked the wrong hero for the situation. 




 Not sure why you're downvoted, this is pretty much correct. Just had a game in 3k where our PA randomed, and went completely naked BF. Took him 13 minutes and he ended up abandoning later after he tower dove and he died. Only reason he wasn't completely shit on was because his babysitting Dazzle stacked 2 camps like 4 times and he got like 2k gold in the span of a minute.

We still won though so I wasn't mad. 




 That's where I'm stuck. I climbed from 2.6-3.2 in a week and couldn't keep winning. Haven't dropped below 3k again yet but shit got rough.  




 They don't really need nerfs though.  




 I've noticed that if I go on a winning streak of 5 of more games, instead of being equivalent to the average MMR for the server, i'm 50-75 points, sometimes even 100 points below it. Now obviously at 3k that's not a massive difference in skill, but it's strange that it doesn't keep you equivalent just because you're winning, that it puts you up against what it sees as higher skilled players. It's like it's trying to make you lose. 




 Ignore Lamza, he's nothing but a griefer in this sub. 




 Well that's annoying. Thanks though. 




 I don't understand why sometimes I click the enemy hero and I DON'T aggro the creeps. It's really frustrating in mid when I'm clicking, and even walking towards the enemy hero trying to aggro the creeps to get them onto my ramp and they don't move unless I'm basically past them.

Can anyone explain why this happens? 




 People are stupid, that's not going to change. You don't remove a mechanic just because stupid people don't understand it. 




 Try not clumping up around heroes that thrive around clumped up enemies. 

Spread out a bit if you're pushing a tower. Have the supports hang back to not get caught in a blink echo and counter initiate.  




 You're playing a ton of different heroes. Try sticking to one or two that you're most comfortable playing. I'm 3k, and I have the best success when I spam pick two or three heroes that I know I'm best at, rather than trying to play everything.

Obviously it gets boring playing the same hero over and over, but it's a suggestion. 




 Also Lycan 




 Troll, Juggernaut, PA with either BF or HotD, AM with BF, Luna, Bloodseeker, Slark.  




 I used to rush Skadi on Weaver mid back when I was first learning how to play. Literally brown boots into Skadi, then Butterfly, and then I had like 20 kills and the game was over. 

Shit was hilarious. It was like 1k MMR so I had no idea what I was doing. 




 I don't. Fuck Riki. 




  specific help with Viper

Build Shadow Blade, Press R, spam Q, get kills. He's probably the easiest hero to play.

Obviously his build changes at higher skill levels, but for a beginner that's literally all you need to do. 




 Phase Shift - Dodging anything with it is just fun and hilarious. Huskar ult? Sike. Assassinate? Nope. Laguna Blade? I've done it. 

Toss - Always a fun time. You can cliff enemies with Toss. Had ally Storm zip up there and wait for an enemy to come check rune by Rosh, I Blinked out, Avalanche, Tossed them up, ally Storm Spirit zipped away. It was a Shadow Shaman before he got Blink and he was there for like three minutes because we camped out the enemy jungle while we pushed bottom lane and he was too scared to move the courier past us.

Black Hole - Mostly because every time I use it I scream BLACK HOOOOOOOOOOLE into the mic as loudly as possible. 




 I used to play CM exclusively in 2k. It took me forever to realize, but people in 2k are way too retarded to be able to play CM correctly. 

Maybe I'll try it again if I break 3.5 or 4k, but if I tried to captain, nobody could play any good heroes effectively, the combinations never worked out, and even though I tried to communicate the plan, nobody followed it. Example: carries building midas when I drafted a hard push strat. And if I didn't get captain we got a mish mosh of stupid heroes that didn't synergize at all and got stomped.
 




 If you force him into jungle before HotD you have a far better chance of winning though. 

I'm no pro, but whether i safe or mid I can get Aquila/Phase/HotD and level 11 (all you need to solo Rosh) by 12 minutes. With a Rosh and 4 towers, I've got SnY by 15. By then, you need to fuck up pretty hard to lose, or get massively outplayed. BKB and maybe another item by 25-30, another Rosh, and go end the game.

If you shut him down in the first 10, it takes a while to recover though. 




  even if I was doing well

If you're not being pressured, you're probably going to do better than someone who is though. 




 Basically this. The hero is a broken pubstomper right now. Learn how to play him correctly and you're probably not going to lose unless the enemy team commits their first 15 minutes entirely to shutting you down, in which case pray someone else on your team can make good use of the massive amount of space they've been given.

I'm 3k and I can end games with Troll in 25-35 minutes. Rosh between 10-15 depending on farm and levels, group up with Aegis and mow down the outer towers, repeat when Rosh respawns for mega creeps. Had a game yesterday where we got megas sub 20. Shit's broken. 




 Buffing assist gold wouldn't break the game in any way. That's all I'm saying. 




 Well, 5 of the 7 heroes you just mentioned have built in escape mechanisms or delays of some kind (Astral, Zip, Ghost Walk, Sprout/Teleport, Untouchable) already. If they're caught out without this by a carry, evasion isn't going to save them. 

As an Int hero, you should be positioning yourself so that you're not taking right clicks in the first place. Int heroes aren't front liners. They're supposed to stay in the back or off to the sides casting out their spells and inflicting tons of damage.

If you're in a man fight between a Lina and a Spectre, a little bit of evasion isn't going to swing the fight in Lina's favor. 




 The point is that supports need to be more appealing for a player than they are now. Right now, the far majority of players want to play carry because carries get to have all the gold, items, and get to kill everyone. Carries also posses a far higher snowball potential than supports. "If you really want to raise your MMR, pick a snowball carry, outfarm the enemy team, and win the game solo." It's much harder to solo win the game as a support than a carry, but easier to give your team the capability to win. 

Supports will always lag behind in farm and levels, and are usually the first to die in teamfights because of that fact. Also, they're dying first in team fights BECAUSE they're lagging behind in farm and levels. If you die a couple times as a carry, you can easily recover. If you die a couple times as a support, your next item could be another 10 minutes away. 

Who enjoys playing a hero that gets jumped on and 2 shot by a carry? 

Also, the comparison to a quarterback is false. In the over 1,000 games I've played, 90% of them contained the mentality that "I'm the carry, do what I say because I'm higher level, more farmed and more powerful. Buy wards feeder you're 1-6-12 noob." Obviously competitive play is different than pubs, but playing support in pubs usually sucks massive cock. 




 That's actually pretty false. Considering your carry is going to be farming all of the creeps, if you get a kill, regardless of who the killing blow is landed by, the carry (assuming they're in fine enough shape to continue farming) is going to have easy cs until the hero returns. It's far better to give kills in the first 15 minutes at least to the supports than the carry. 




  If you want gold and KDA play carries.

Great strategy. How are all those 5 carry lineups working for you in pubs?

 




 100% pick/ban material.

edit: Oh wait I just realized we already essentially have that in game. It's called Battle Trance and affects your entire fucking team. 




 Ghost Scepter is essentially the Int evasion item. It's rarely something you build on a carry, and most Int heroes want to avoid as much physical damage as possible, and don't really right click anyway. 




 As a carry. If you play him support he needs to be position 4 for Blink, but if you max Sprint and Stun you can still get into fights for your ult and the stun.

Not saying it's something I'd necessarily advocate, but with the correct lineup it could work.

It'd be equivalent to a Wraith King support, although WK does the job a bit better. 




  Also if you cant get higher on your "main" in trench then you wont get higher on a smurf either.

Not necessarily true. My main was at 2.0k when I decided to make another account. I didn't know at the time that it took your hidden MMR into account from level 1-13, so I didn't take games too seriously, played drunk a lot, and used the smurf to try new heroes. Calibrated at 2.6k, and have risen to 3.2k in the month or so since I calibrated. 

Even if you're playing better than your level, it might not be good enough to solo win enough games to really raise your MMR.  




 Proof? 




 A Huskar ult'ing your face is the last thing a Sniper wants to see. Especially if the Sniper has his MoM up. 




 Exactly. Played multiple games where an Io started relocating our carries into the enemy base because they're Peruvian shit and they cried about it for the next 30 minutes instead of disabling help.

Even though I told them multiple times how to do it. This community is garbage. 




 Started at 1.8k, at 3.1k now. Read guides, and ignore your team during games and follow the steps from people who are 5k+.

They're at 5k, you're at 1.4k for a reason.

Also watching pro tournaments with good casters helped me a ton. 




 Change Focus Fire to a buff for WR instead of only on a single target. 

Soooooo cash. 




 This fits my prediction of Pure Damage heroes becoming 100% pick/ban for TI5.

Icefrog plz 




 Have you played pubs? It's very rare, at least at 3k or below (the people who are making the threads, by the way), that you get 5 people coordinating during the draft to pick a lineup that works together or is a counter to the enemy team. You're far more likely to have 4 insta locked carries and a fight over who is left to support. 




 Because reddit likes to make threads every hour crying about losing to Troll or Juggernaut. 




 Wow a 90th percentile player can beat ones of lower skill? I'd never considered that. Also considering reddit loves to throw around the sentence "Everyone at your MMR is just as good/bad as you are", your response fails to hold any weight. Yeah, we outplayed them. And I'm making the thread to show people who come in crying about losing to Troll or Juggernaut every game a strategy to rectify it.

Also the average player isn't 3.2k MMR if it's also the cusp of High Skill. That doesn't make sense. 




 And yet people make threads every hour crying about how to win against Troll/Juggernaut. 




 It's 3.2k MMR, it may have been 50 or so shy of the cusp to High Skill, because that's where I'm hovering at the moment. 




 3.2k MMR, it was just below the cusp of High Skill. 




 They ran a PA safe solo, Jug jungle (so far 0% win rate in the 10+ games I've seen, yet people continue to do it), Troll mid, Brew/Lina off with Lina supporting against our aggro tri with Specte, Sniper mid and LC top. Realistically, they should have gotten their farm no problem.

And I'm not surprised, I knew we had it from the start because they were pretty terrible. But the point of the thread is more to let people know that come in here crying about Jug and Troll every five minutes that all you have to do is play a certain style and you'll be fine. 




 Wrong!

http://www.dotabuff.com/matches/1369562180

They ended theirs with a Lina/Brewmaster. Our team picked up Sniper, Spectre, LC, CM, Dazzle (yours truly).

Weave murdered them. Sniper built a Deso and I grabbed a Medallion just for insurance. Constantly aggressively warding their jungle allowed us to roam and get pick offs with LC duel and Spectre Haunt if needed at every opportunity, transitioning into immediate tower pushes. We only lost two towers and their farm was stifled hard from the get-go.

So if you're wondering how to beat the draft possibly most indicative of the current meta, there you go.

edit: Game was around 3.2k MMR. TL;DR: Kill the heroes before they're farmed, Dazzle +/- armor destroys physical lineups.

 




 I leave Dota open on my computer for days at a time even if I'm not playing, so I don't judge by hours played.

My first account, the one I learned on, has 1,226 games at 2.2k MMR. I got put at 1.8k when I calibrated because I did it at 13 immediately and still didn't know jack shit about the game.

The account I use now has 350 games and I'm at 3.2k. 




 This was a nightmare when I lived with my parents. If my dad was watching Netflix, it was near impossible to play Dota.

Since I've moved out, the only problem I've noticed is when my Android phone tries to download updates for apps during a game and my ping jumps up by 250. It blows ass because usually I don't notice that's whats causing it until the game is over, and my poor self can't afford amazing internet in the first place. It's actually so bad that if I'm trying to watch Youtube and I have a Facebook tab open it's near impossible. So if I'm playing Dota, Dota needs to be the only thing using my internet or it's laggy. 




  the difference between 1.7k and 3k is pretty marginal.

I have 2 accounts. One is 2.2k, one is 3.2k. I only play the 3.2k now, but I hopped on the 2.2k last week to see how it was. 

Went mid QoP 3 games, shit stomped them and won all 3.

The difference is actually larger than you think. 3.2k is the cusp for High Skill. I'd wager to say it's 80th percentile. Average is probably 2.2k. So you're a top 25% player going against below average players. It's completely possible to win solo provided you pick the correct hero for it. Are you going to win 100% picking Omniknight? It's possible. But your chances are higher picking something like QoP, Troll, Storm, SF and snowballing.

 




 Maybe for someone of a higher skill caliber. 

Same thing applies to someone at 4k. It's really possible to stomp 4k games by yourself if you're 6k. 

Why aren't you 6k? git gud 




  If you're not winning more than you lose, it's because you're not really as good as you think you are.

He's not asking "Why is my MMR so low". He's asking for help. 

 All you have to do is be better than 1700 MMR players

This is such a stupid response. No shit you have to be better to win. He's asking how. 




 Learn how to farm, pick Troll Warlord. Your MMR will go up by 1000 in a week. 




 It's gonna be something like this, or a base movespeed reduction by 10 and scaling to his Q for health, armor and damage instead of staying static.

Personally, I would be okay with them just removing his Bash and letting him build Skull Basher but that probably won't happen. 




 Picking Troll for ez MMR 




 His games are in Very High Skill, that's at least 3.7k 




 K 




 Depends on how high you go. You're not going to go from 2k to 4k unless you're a 4k player in the first case. However, spamming one hero allows you to get comfortable enough with that hero that you're not worrying about your movements, skills, builds, or what to do in teamfights and can focus on learning the mechanics of the game, learning how to farm properly, map awareness, etc., which then can translate into your other heroes as well.

And considering this guy is low 2k, he still has a lot of those mechanics to learn.

I went up from 2.5-3.2 by basically spamming Troll and PA. However, my skill level is competent enough with a few other heroes that if I don't play those heroes, I can still perform 2-3 heroes effectively in other roles.

Everyone will tell you that it's not best to try and learn every hero from the start. It's best to learn 2-3 heroes very well per role and pick them depending on the situation. 




 Yes. You should stop playing immediately. 




 I didn't say she was better, it's just what I always see.

I'm assuming for the evasion. WR definitely isn't my first thought when I see a Troll on the enemy team, but inherent evasion does make Troll build an MKB if he cares that much about killing her. She definitely has the potential to fuck him up with a long duration shackleshot into an Aghs Focus Fire if you weren't able to get your whirling axes onto her, but most people can't pull it off effectively at 3.2k.

Until he gets MKB, she is capable of just pressing Windrun and TP'ing away, so maybe people pick her to avoid getting solo killed. 




  Just make sure you have a few other heroes, in preferably other roles as well, that you can play to an equal skill level if you aren't able to get your spammed hero in a game.

Bruh. 




 3.2k checking in. Lina is the number 2 counter pick to Troll instapickers, behind WR. 




  it's incredibly stupid.

The other side of the argument to that is that you should play what you're best at. If you're best at 1 hero, spam it. Just make sure you have a few other heroes, in preferably other roles as well, that you can play to an equal skill level if you aren't able to get your spammed hero in a game. 




