 yeah like he has low body fat and good definition, so he looks super in shape but he actually doesnt have much thickness or mass. im sure plenty of bodybuilders/ physique competitors dont have ideal bone structure, but they put in the time and work their weak points to build proportional physiques. that said, i wonder if this guy realized how apple shaped he is at this low body fat/ lean mass. maybe hes on /r/fitness. POST PROGRESS PICS 




 you probably have decently wide hip bones too, but its not bad. like this is one of the saddest things ive seen. just not good genetics

http://33.media.tumblr.com/9f4523b323194c76dd8e84a23226d863/tumblr_inline_ng1d0tszRQ1sc28u4.jpg 




 this is a really cool thought/idea. im sure humans are genetically too different but i like the thinking 




 happens a lot in movie/film/commercial. you cant post pictures on set without permission, makeup, stunts, special fx, bts anything like that 




 hilarious 




 unspoken social cues.. still kinda blows my mind. pretty sure humans are the only species that can do it. like if you ask a girl out and she doesnt want to say yes, but doesnt want to be rude, so says something else, but it was a nice way of saying no 




 pretty sure this'll get mentioned a bit, fresh prince of belair. when wills dad comes back then promptly leaves. "how come he dont want me" and uncle phil embraces him. uncle feel 




 sounds like good parent technique too 




 damn if i ever worked out w ct fletcher id probably just get so frustrated and quit from all the useless noise 




 mannnn. haha not your fault dude. onto better things! 




 lol you didnt rape her (im assuming/hoping). she cant say shit to you 




 yeah thats fucking annoying. id be pissed too 




 that is a complete mood kill... 




 almost 




 whoa thanks for this 




 hahaha oh man. i feel like christians forgive themselves for a certain level of sin. like a lot of my christian friends praise jesus guiltlessly on sunday, then cuss/smoke/drink throughout the week. but sex is bad and being gay is bad and drug dealing is bad 




