 It was years ago, and tbh I don't feel like looking. Haha. 




 It was breast cancer every time, but it was a different cancer the first and second times. I think the third time was the same as the second time. If that makes sense. I've grown up with cancer as a really big part of my life but I'm not great with explaining the situation because I'm not really that knowledgable in the science behind it.  









 Even if this did happen, I'm not sure why someone would proudly flaunt the fact that he basically molested a bunch of girls in his neighborhood... 




 I found out that my dad had at least two affairs when I was growing up and while my mom had cancer. (She has had cancer 3 times). He was a landlord for several apartments around our city, and he used one of the apartments as a sort of love nest for him and his mistress.

It's not that I don't wish I had found out about it--I'm glad I know the type of man my father was so that I didn't grow up to date or marry someone like him. I just wish that it didn't happen to begin with. But I can't change my father's actions, so now I'm just stuck knowing the person I grew up admiring is actually a huge perv who can't keep it in his pants even when his wife has cancer and his daughter is home taking care of her. And when I think about it, the signs were there all along. I wasn't blind to them--in fact there were several times when I almost blurted out to my mom that I was afraid my dad was having an affair--but I was too naïve actually to believe that my father, who claimed to love me and want what was best for me, would do something that horrible to his family. 




 College is really stressful and there will be a lot of times when you have so much to do that you think you won't be able to do it all. You *will* be able to do it all, and you might have to sacrifice some sleep or fun plans to get it done, but remember that academics are the *main* reason you're in school--the whole reason you pay a lot of money in tuition every year and share a small room with a person you've never met before and buy overpriced textbooks. You wouldn't want to waste your money, so get your work done. Sure, it seems like a lot more fun to get high and have an ice cream eating competition in your school's late-night cafeteria, but when you wake up the next morning (or afternoon, more likely), you'll feel gross and probably a little pukey and you'll *still* have a lot of work to do. Plus you probably won't win that ice cream-eating contest anyway, who are you kidding.

The best way to deal with the stress of having a lot to do is to plan out when you're going to do things as best as you can, stick with your plan, and definitely try to plan in a way that doesn't leave important things to the last minute. Do stuff that's due Monday *before* you start on things that are due Tuesday. That seems seems obvious, but you'd be surprised how easy it is to trick yourself into thinking you're being productive by doing a bunch of minor tasks due Tuesday that can be done in half an hour that aren't as important as what's due on Monday. You're not being productive, you're just making it harder for yourself to do proper work on your project due Monday. Do your work!

And show up for class. Seriously. It is so easy and tempting to not go to class but it also fucks your grades up. And communicate to your professor if you won't be able to make it to a class. Don't just be a no-show.

Amidst all of this, you do have to make time for yourself and to have fun. As far as social activities go, definitely have fun (but be safe!) at parties, but don't let your whole social experience in college be about partying. Join a club for something you're interested in, even something that seems kinda dumb! It will diversify your resume, you might be able to get a leadership position if you stick with it, you'll probably learn some valuable skills, and you'll make a ton of friends who have similar interests and goals. Plus, going to parties with friends you're in a club with and actually share something with is a lot more fun than going to parties in random strangers' basements with the aggressively friendly but kind of off-putting kid from down the hall who won't stop talking about how you're going to be his wingman all night.

Finally, try to find your textbooks online (I usually go with Amazon) before you buy them in your store. For some classes it may be unavoidable, but do your best to get your textbooks at a cheaper price. (Another fun fact about Amazon: they offer prime to students for free for a whole year. You can order more ramen than you've even dreamed of for a cheap price and with free shipping! Take advantage of the free/discounted stuff you get as a student.)

Sorry for the novel. I did a lot of things I regretted freshman year and I wish I had someone to tell me all these things! TLDR: don't be an ass and make your experience worth the money you paid for it. Have a good year :) 




 If you have a test coming up, especially in a subject that doesn't come naturally to you, start studying DAYS in advance. Like just an hour or two a day for like three days before the test. It's hard to do if you're like me and have a tendency to procrastinate, but it ends up being worth it and much more useful than cramming the night before. 

Also--and I'm sort of going off on a tangent here--talk to your professors after class or during office hours with any questions you have. Not only does it help you out academically, but your professor will be impressed with your initiative--you'll stand out more. This is super important because you'll probably need letters of recommendation for things in the future, and the professors you've built relationships with will be more than willing to give you a great recommendation letter. 




 Yes, definitely join clubs! One of my biggest regrets from my freshman year was not joining club and getting to know people with similar interests to mine. 




 Definitely this. Give yourself time to deal with problems. College is too expensive to waste semester after semester failing classes because you're too depressed to get out of bed in the morning because you didn't give yourself time to cope with something that happened because you're afraid of the stigma attached to taking time off/dropping out for a little bit. 




 Do something practical that you also like, then. I used to go to a school that was known for its engineering program, and I was an art student. A lot of people who were engineering majors would tell me they love art, photography, etc., but they were in school for engineering (even though they hated it) just for the money and to make their parents happy. Conversely, I was doing art because I loved it, but I quickly realized that not only are art supplies REALLY expensive, but the only jobs you can really get in art are low paying and/or boring (like being a teacher, which is low-paying, or being a graphic designer, which is low-paying AND boring).

So I decided to change gears and go into television. It allows me to be creative and express my point of view, but also there is a lot of opportunity to make good money in that field. Try to balance it out for yourself. 




 Basically any fandom with a name for themselves and act like they're ~2 quirky 4 u~. "Superwholockians" are a good example and like half the reason I stopped using tumblr. 




 I totally agree with you. The person I saw it with loved it, and I can appreciate the unique approach to making it, but overall it was just like, eh, whatever. The story was awesome and tense at some points but corny at others. 




 It was beautifully animated, but the story was basically Pocahontas. I can definitely appreciate it a lot based solely on the animation, though. 




 I think I'm a lot funnier when I'm drunk. I mean I'm funny enough when I'm sober, but just not as loudly. In the words of my friends, "You say the same funny things you say when you're sober, but you shout them." 




 This reminds me of the scene in 21 Jump Street where Channing Tatum's character does drugs and gets really confident. He goes into his science class, goes up to the whiteboard, and spouts all this scientific-sounding gibberish while just writing the number 4 over and over on the board. He then has a mic-drop moment and just shouts, "FUCK YOU, SCIENCE!"

I imagine this is you and your friends at the bar. 




 Thanks! 




 How is it pronounced? I've heard people pronounce it so many different ways--like "immo-GENE" but also "i-MO-gen" (with a hard and soft G). 




 Once I was tagged there on an old account literally just for referring to a woman as overweight. Which she was. I never said there was anything wrong with it, I just used it as a descriptor when trying to talk about a woman in a video.

I definitely consider myself a feminist/body positive/whatever and I'm sure I would at least agree with some of the points made in that sub, but I feel like they just try to battle what they perceive as meanness with more meanness. I don't think it makes them better than the people they're calling out by basically having a whole sub devoted to causing drama. 




 I literally just got home from getting a haircut and I hate it. This post resonates with me on a thousand levels. 




 You're falsely trying to project some image of a hysterical, nonsensical woman you made up in your head onto me. I'm not getting "worked up," and I understand how language works, thanks. I did not think my boyfriend's friends wanted to sexually assault me when they talked that way because I can differentiate between saying something and actually acting on it. I'm not a crazy person, and I don't go into hysterics when people use that kind of language. I just get uncomfortable when people trivialize the idea of dominating a person, stripping them of their agency and humiliating them, by saying they just "raped" a person so casually. I understand the difference between video games and real life--it's not like I feel like I'm in immediate danger when someone casually talks about "raping" someone in a video game, as you keep implying. But that language does connote certain things, and the basic idea of what rape is--the idea of dominating someone and humiliating them--is still present, regardless of context. It makes me uncomfortable when people gleefully talk about "raping" someone in ANY context, that's it, because I myself have been assaulted walking in my own neighborhood, as have *many* of my friends and peers. 

Be respectful of my opinion instead of calling me ignorant. If you can't understand that some people feel differently about certain issues than you do and still treat them with respect and talk to them with dignity, I think it's obvious that you yourself are really ignorant. 




 But sitting in my boyfriend's living room playing video games isn't a competitive gaming scene, it's casually hanging out with friends. I would expect an environment where my friends treat me the way they normally treat me--with respect.

And you posted a whole counter-argument to something that wasn't an argument in the first place, just an individual's opinion. I'm not looking for an argument, I was just answering the question. It's amazing that posting something about just not liking when people trivialize rape and use threatening language can somehow get a bunch of redditors so angry to the point where they feel the need to tell you that your way of thinking is totally wrong. 




 I mean I do think it's rude to use such sexually aggressive language when talking about "bitches" when there's a group of guys and only one woman in the room. I don't think it's expecting them to treat me differently, I think it's expecting them to treat me respectfully. Referring to women as bitches is clearly a gendered insult. I don't go off on them or anything when they talk like that, all I'm saying is that it makes me uncomfortable and it's disappointing that people talk that way about women, even when it is just "childish videogame talk." 




 "...you believe saying rape in a video game means guys/girls (yes there are metric fuck tons of girl gamers) want to sexually assault you."

I never said that? I just think it's violent language and I think that it's rude to talk like that. I'm not like crusading against it, I just don't like when people say it in front of me. Calm down, dude. You're turning a simple comment into an argument.
 




 Exactly. I hang out with my boyfriend's friends a lot, and they're all great people, but I have heard them calling women "bitches" a few times, and however facetiously they may have been saying it, it's still really disappointing. Ideally they wouldn't talk that way, but even if they do they shouldn't do it in front of a woman.

The worst is when we're playing video games and they say they "raped" an opponent, though. That makes me more uncomfortable when I'm the only woman in the room. 




