 Or am I the only one? I'm so used to a "0" being on the right side of that dash that it still looks weird to me.

I still occasionally do a double-take when I see things like:

*WrestleMania XXX: Brock Lesnar def. The Undertaker (pinfall)*

Before I remember that it actually happened.

By the way, here's something fun to do if you haven't already done so: Go back and watch the ending of that match, and look at the reaction of the visible front row fans. They didn't cheer. They didn't boo. They were *stunned.* You could see at least one of them shout "What?!" Others stood up and had legitimate looks of confusion and shock on their faces. It was the only reaction of its kind I've ever seen in WWE. 




 Yeah, it's Shawn Michaels. The way he changed as a person and was able to change his image has always amazed me. It was pretty much like an actual pro wrestling angle, and he was a real-life heel who turned face. 




 Let's not forget "Keep it up, mah nigga!" 




 Colin Delaney 




 That "Yup yup yup, what it do!" guy will become one of the most over, and simultaneously most credible, wrestlers on the roster. At least for a little while. 




 That drug-addicted prick who nobody backstage can even stand, except Triple H, is now the consensus greatest wrestler in professional wrestling history. 




 People remember Kizarny. 




 Mid-1980s:

Hulk Hogan will one day become the biggest heel in pro wrestling. 




 Vince McMahon will one day defeat God in a match.

Would people believe even Vince would go that far? 




 I'm not gonna lie, I thought that was Triple H. I think it's because Austin never smiles and I've never seen him without a goatee.

The downvotes. They are coming. 




 And will **fire Vince McMahon.**

(in kayfabe) 




 Daniel Bryan will get jobbed out in 18 seconds at WrestleMania for the World Heavyweight Championship.

"That's not really that unbelievable, WWE hates small indy guys."

But then he'll recover a few years later with arguably the greatest World Championship win in WrestleMania history. 




 One day, Jean-Paul Levesque, Brother Love's zombie client, and the guy who kicked Mary Jannetty and habitually wore the ugliest sunglasses in the world, will one day be a part of [one of wrestling's most memorable moments](http://metalarcade.net/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/Wrestlemania-XXVIII-28-The-Undertaker-Triple-H-and-Shawn-Michaels.jpg). 




 It's too damn bad that gimmick was too damn bad. 




 That giant zombie who debuted at the 1990 Survivor Series? One day he'll become a bandana-wearing, motorcycle-riding, tobacco-spitting biker. For no reason.

Then he'll change back to being a zombie. 




 During the late 90s:

You know Goldberg? The guy who went 174-0? The guy who nobody, not even **the nWo** could take down? One day, he'll go to the WWF (hey, we're in the 90s, remember?) and he'll be pinned by Triple H three times, the first time occurring in his second PPV match. 




 That big, muscular guy with Reverend D'Von? The one who just stands around, hits people every once in a while, and never talks?

He's gonna carry the SmackDown brand in a few years and be arguably the most popular wrestler on the roster. 




 Randy Orton will become the youngest World Champion in WWE history by CLEANLY defeating the man that Triple H couldn't beat in three tries, including at WrestleMania. 




 But Jeff was so damn irresponsible that I always thought he'd never reach the top. Plus his mic skills are lacking, and they never gave him a mouthpiece to compensate. 




 And then Brock Lesnar will return after a four-fight UFC career, lose to Cena, then destroy him in the rematch so bad that Cena looked like a jobber. The most lopsided World Championship PPV match in WWE history.

NOBODY would believe that. 




 I don't think Triple H gets the credit he deserves for putting people over. 




 Speaking of which, go back to about... 2004, and tell someone this:

"Kane will defeat Undertaker in three consecutive pay-per-views, all while holding the World Heavyweight Championship, twice cleanly, and once inside The Undertaker's domain, **Hell in a Cell**."

They might punch you for saying something so stupid.

**EDIT:** Remember, that's something that no one else has ever done. 




 Jeff Hardy will become a multiple-time World Champion while Matt fades into obscurity. 




 Bald, plain black trunks, black boots? It'll never work. 




 Justin Hawk Bradshaw is now a rich, New York City business tycoon who dresses in custom-made suits and rides a limo to the ring. 




 Here's one that might cause a riot if you found some hardcore Undertaker marks prior to WrestleMania 30:

**21-1.** 




 What other changes would make people laugh at you if you told them it would happen before the fact? 




 I've never gotten this much link karma and lost this much comment karma in the same thread. 




 Why get picky about semantics? That's not saying that the character isn't canon, it's saying that in the ***MCU***, he's not recognized as Captain America. Most likely because America wasn't even an independent nation when the war started.

A costumed, patriotic superhero whose real name was Steve Rogers existed during the late 1700s in the MCU. I felt like that was interesting enough for a TIL. 




 Ouch, Reddit does NOT approve. 




   I hate his spinning and rolling shit.

"And check it out! It spins! -spins WWE Championship belt- :D" 




 _ 




 I'd like to think the fact that the character even exists is pretty interesting. I personally always like it when works of fiction rewrite history to include fictional characters participating in real historical events. 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_incarnations_of_Captain_America#Steven_Rogers_.28Revolutionary_War_Era.29

-shrug-

If this is made up, whoever did so also happens to be really good at drawing characters in the same style as Marvel. 




 No need to apologize. It's not like you were a dick about it, and I'm pretty sure not being a dick is illegal on Reddit. 




 http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/Khaki?s=t

*a garment made of this cloth, especially trousers.*

For what it's worth, I'm not one of those "The dictionary is always right" people. Language is way too complex for one singular source to be an infallible source of correct/incorrect, considering we have dialects, slang, colloquialisms, etc.

Just saying that some people use the word the way I used it. 




 And it's also a style of pants. 




 I still got nothin. 




 And why might that be? 




 -light bulb-

Is this where the infamous "Cane Dewey" promo came from? 




 Was Sign Guy in on it? Or did they wing it based on the sign?

Also, did Foley get a good amount of heat for the change? 




  Wait a minute. Aren't you that guy from GameFAQS?

The guy with the crush on Beth Phoenix who went to Raw to ask her out on December 8, 2008?

_ Nope. You're thinkin of someone else. 









 Grabs ropes with both hands, coils and gets ready to leap for a split-leg moonsault, stops, turns around, pins opponent.

Kickout.

Applies headlock. 




 I wasn't watching back then. What was that character like? 




  he's been a slow and boring "Look at me half-ass the moves I did well 15 years ago" show for a long time now

Seth Rollins posts on r/sq confirmed 




  Michael Shawn Hickenbottom though...still questioning that one...

Triple H: -snickers- Hickenbottom... 




 Another chinlock, R~~andy~~ob! 




 Why was this downvoted so much? Is it really that serious that I didn't know Rob Van Dam's middle name? 




 He could tease his high-flying moves and then not actually do them. Like leaping to the top turnbuckle for the Frog Splash, but then climbing back down like he changed his mind. Because that's not what's bess for biznez. 




 I believe I have heard this. Just like Big E's real name is Bigamus Ernell Langston. 




 "Alexander"?

I like the idea of him wrestling under his real name, though. 














 [Expected this](http://s3-ec.buzzfed.com/static/enhanced/webdr02/2013/3/14/15/enhanced-buzz-7775-1363288292-1.jpg) 




 I think Sandy looks cute. It's her buck teeth I think. They're so adorable! 









 I think I'd agree with that statement, for a lot of reasons. 




  I would like to see a Superman whose abilities are limited to Superhuman strength with invulnerability to match - but still possible to get injured when fighting other super powered individuals.

You just pretty much described The Hulk, I think. Minus the whole anger thing. 




 [Turns out he can't do everything. He apparently struggles with math](http://supermathematics.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/superman.jpg) 




 What aspect of my issues makes you say that? Just curious, asking for the sake of knowing. 




 I'm really glad you posted this for a couple of reasons:

* 1. It's awesome
* 2. It actually brings me back to my original point (which is a bit of a logic bomb, since you addressed it in the post itself, but here goes nothing)

Ever since you put this post up, I've been staring at it and skimming over it, but couldn't bring myself to actually read it from start to finish, even though I know, like I said, it's a great post. I think if God were depressed, he'd look for something like this to help him get through it. I digress, however.

The way I reacted to this post, considering how counterintuitive my reaction was, angers me greatly. I live in constant fear of panic attacks and severe depressive episodes (or at least *more* severe than my normal mood), so I never take risks. Not even small ones, like reading an epic post on Reddit about how I can beat my depression.

It angers me because it affects my entire life, including any attempts I might try to make to actually overcome depression. Depression might be an asshole, but it's a *brilliant* one-- it's a disease that affects people in such a way that it becomes incredibly difficult to cure it.

A good analogy, in my opinion, would be if the only way to cure a severely sore throat (I'm talkin burning, scorching, "Oh my God, did I drink a lava and magma smoothie this morning?" sore) was to swallow a painkiller that severely hurts your throat. That would suck, wouldn't it? And who knows if it would even work? You'd have to take the chance that you might all but destroy your throat just to try fixing it, and you might put yourself in exponentially more pain than you're already in. And for nothing if it doesn't work.

That's what I go through. Anything I can do to try to help myself makes me feel like I'm cutting bomb wires. Unfortunately, this isn't a movie, so an explosion is far more likely than a stroke of luck accompanied by dramatic music as I miraculously cut the right wire.

I've had one panic attack in my life. I'll never forget it. It was terrible. There's no reason to really go into more detail-- I'm sure you can imagine (if you haven't had the misfortune of experiencing one yourself). Ever since then, I've lived my life around the fear of going through that again. That's why I struggle to get out of bed and get in the shower. Or go out and look for a job. Or exercise. Or travel anywhere outside of walking distance.

The people around me don't help, either. I don't know why I talk about this to people who just make it worse (maybe I'm that desperate for someone to talk to?), but I hear words like "lazy" and "unappreciative" and "worthless." A lot. I don't think I'm any of those things. I think "unmotivated" or "scared" describes me better. But hey, I could be wrong.

I'm also *incredibly* sensitive, and a lot of people think the best cure for depression is tough love. That's not true-- not for everyone. I'd much rather have a pat on the back and an "It's going to be okay" than being yelled at by a drill sergeant. Unfortunately, there aren't too many people willing to be the former, and there are a lot of people willing to be the latter. It's like people are angry at me for being depressed, and that just angers *me* even more.

Oh, and here's another kicker. Since I'm so sensitive and enjoy it when I get a pat on the back, here's what happens on the rare occasions I'm actually happy: It makes me depressed.

"Well, that doesn't make any sense..." No, it doesn't. But I know why it happens. If I'm happy at all for any length of time, people might think I'm happy all the time, and I won't get the support I want. That scares me, because I know I can go from moderately content to severely depressed in an instant, and people in general are not really willing to deal with mood swings. "You were just happy, why the fuck are you all pissy now? I don't have time for this, leave me alone."

So what does this mean? It means two things:

* 1. When I'm depressed, I'm depressed.
* 2. When I'm happy, I'm depressed. Just for a different reason.

Think about *that*. I don't even know what else to say. 




 I stand corrected. Again.

_ Bad day, not in a great mood right now. 




 Why do people always do this? What's your point? Some people don't know a lot about Superman and find this fact interesting.

Get over yourself ffs. 




 -nods-

Well done. 




 I stand corrected. Do you know what year that's from? 




 Indeed. I believe I also read that anything stronger than a bullet could easily kill him, as could a speeding train. 









 Oh, I should have mentioned, I am taking medication to try and stymie my depression/anxiety. And the sad part is, right now, based on what I described in the OP, I'd say I'm better than I was before the meds.

But now it feels like they can't help me anymore and I'm still, as you said, "depressed as all hell," and I don't know how to fix it.

I've tried a psychologist, and he would give me things to do that he thought would help me overcome my depression, but it didn't work. The few times I was able to find the motivation to actually do the "homework" he'd assign, it just made me feel worse because it took me out of my comfort zone, and that scares the hell out of me. 




 I won't waste your time with sob stories or whatever. Bottom line is this-- I feel like shit on a regular basis. Most people have a neutral mood that they're in most of the time-- I don't. The average person's neutral mood is my negative mood, and the average negative mood is "panic attack, maybe I should kill myself" mood (I don't go through that too often, though).

I'm sitting here, right now, as we speak, in front of my 65-inch television, with my brand-new Xbox One (that I just bought yesterday) turned on, and with NBA 2K15, a game that I find to be amazing, started up.

I have something right in front of me that I consider to be a privilege to have and a game that I remember playing yesterday and having tons of fun with it-- plus, basketball is absolutely the sport I enjoy most.

So why can't I get up the motivation to pick up the damn controller and start a game? I'm in my melancholic mood right now, and I have a weird phobia (that I've had as long as I can remember) that something bad will happen and make my mood worse (which would bring me closer to my "Panic attack/suicidal thoughts" mood, which I fear more than pretty much anything in the entire world). This is despite the fact that, as I said, the game is awesome and I have had fun with it. This happens with pretty much everything in my life-- I spend a lot of time staring at my computer screen and doing nothing, or sleeping.

I can see it coming (no offense to anyone), so I'll say this-- I've actually tried the "Just get up, fight what your mind is telling you, and do it" technique. It works less often than not. Even if nothing goes wrong when I'm, for example, playing a video game, I spend the whole time so worried that something will *eventually* go wrong that I can't enjoy it.

WTF is wrong with me, and how in the hell do I fix it? 




 Are you trying to say that men can't be strippers?

SEXIST 




 Here's the effect I want:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TFi7XJHKVbw

The clip would be roughly that long, and like I said, I'll give you the clip (will probably provide several clips and let you decide which one would be easiest to which to apply this effect). Also, I don't need the sound. Just the visual.

I know that creating this effect is a tedious process, so I hope $40 or more is enough compensation for that. If you feel otherwise, like I said, I'm willing to negotiate. 




 * John Adams and Thomas Jefferson both died on July 4, 1826, the 50th anniversary of the Declaration of Independence.

* [Richard Parker](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Parker_%28shipwrecked%29)

* British novelist Dame Rebecca West was writing a story in which a girl finds a hedgehog in her garden. Just as West finished this passage, she was interrupted by servants who informed her they had just found a hedgehog in her garden.

* In 1899 a bolt of lightning killed a man as he stood in his backyard in Taranto, Italy.
Thirty years later his son was killed in the same way and in the same place.
On October 8, 1949, Rolla Primarda, the grandson of the first victim and the son of the second, became the third.

* In Detroit sometime in the 1930s, a young (if incredibly careless) mother must have been eternally grateful to a man named Joseph Figlock. As Figlock was walking down the street, the mother's baby fell from a high window onto Figlock. The baby's fall was broken and both man and baby were unharmed. A stroke of luck on its own, but a year later, the very same baby fell from the very same window onto poor, unsuspecting Joseph Figlock as he was again passing beneath.

Sources:

http://web.archive.org/web/20120316202416/http://nephiliman.com/Paralells.htm

http://www.icsahome.com/elibrary/studyguides/education/astopunlikelyeventsandcoincidence

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Presidents_of_the_United_States_by_date_of_death

I also recall a coincidence about a typhoon or something or another deterring an attack from the same military attempting to invade the same country at least twice. Maybe three times. If anyone knows what I'm talking about, I'd be very interested in hearing about it again. 









 At first you said "I must not have blanked for a few seconds," so I thought you were being sarcastic and telling me I was wrong.

No harm done. Honest mistake. And tbh, I suspect that seeing Orton instantly put you sleep until he was off the screen. He's been known to do that. 




 And God's already got his back against the wall. He's 0-1 in WWE! 




 It was definitely 666.

* 6 = most wrestlers to compete in one Hell in a Cell match
* 6 = most Hell in a Cell victories in WWE history by one wrestler, shared by Triple H and Undertaker
* 6 = this will be Randy Orton's 6th match inside Hell in a Cell 




 This is why WWE's hype videos are almost completely unrivaled. I love these subtleties. 









 Thanks again for the help, and know that I definitely do appreciate it. Unfortunately, those programs didn't work either.

I got a tip from another user and I think he earned the five bucks. Sorry that you went through all this for nothing :-( 




 It actually did, and it works very well. Thanks for your willingness to help, though. 




 Tried it, and it didn't work the way it says it would at all. Kinda disappointing since it's specifically for NBA.com.

Good find, though. 




 No, I checked. Some of the videos on nba.com aren't available on the NBA YouTube site.

Like [this one](http://www.nba.com/video/channels/top_plays/2014/09/26/20140927-top-games-harden-por.nba/) 




 http://www.vspsedu.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/start-your-success-today.jpg 




 Unfortunately, that didn't work. It works on YouTube and everything, but on nba.com, I feel like they must have calibrated their videos in some way that doesn't allow you to download the video stream as an MP4, flv, or any video file type that's ever existed (only as some other, weird formats that I don't recognize at all). 




 http://www.nba.com/video/?ls=iref:nba:gnav

I used to be able to use a program called "Flash Video Downloader," but that no longer works for me (only on this site, just like every other flash downloader I've tried).

The first person who can find a way to download the videos on that site that works with all of the videos gets five bucks, as long as it's something that I can do as well (because if I can't, what's the point?). Maybe there's a flash video downloader program out there I haven't tried that would work, but I'm tired of looking.

PM me if you find a way. 




 I think requiring that the two verses be "fire," and the fact that they have to be about something that isn't commonly rapped about (school) is worth more than 2 bucks. No offense. 




 I'll give it a shot if you still need someone 




 No. I think they changed something about the video format or something on nba.com, because I can still download other flash videos just fine.

It sucks too, because there's a bunch of video on nba.com that I can't get anywhere else.

I'm still looking for other programs, though. 




 Sounds like they...

**Gotcha.** 




 Elaborate? 




 What if the game was on the cheap? 




 So nobody wants a chance at free shit?

Dang. 




  tvz for zero. Regrets were made.

Bad game, or just not worth it for a singular character? 









 I'm thinking about buying Tekken 6, just for Steve Fox. I love characters in fighting games who use traditional boxing-- it's a very underused fighting style IMO, and I'm a boxer myself, so I appreciate it more.

Plus, [I love the way they've replaced his kicks with sways, dips and dodges.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HzRlsEdj69s) Makes me appreciate his style as a boxer even more. 




 What's a "mix up"? 




  If you're just in an experimenting phase, that's OK

Yeah, pretty much. I literally haven't played any mode other than Practice. 




  Who do you play in injustice?

Either Nightwing, The Flash, or Cyborg, and sometimes Deathstroke. In the event of the first three, I like quick, agile characters who feel light and easy to move around with, and as for Deathstroke, I have a thing for characters who use guns. Which will explain a lot in about 5 seconds.

 umvc3? 

Dante, Vergil, Chris, Deadpool, Spider-Man, Wesker, Captain America, Spencer, Ghost Rider, Hawkeye. 




  Oh and delete that mk vs dc.. that game is ass

:-( 




 I've never been a hardcore fighting gamer, and I just recently started to seriously get into them, but I feel like it would be a lost cause for me to try to memorize all the combos that are available, plus the special moves and the incredibly deep strategy that's all part of the fighting game experience.

Any advice for a newb on how to improve at a given fighting game (I own Injustice, Mortal Kombat vs DC, and Ultimate Marvel vs Capcom 3), considering my strange phobia of not being able to memorize all the combos necessary while still maintaining good strategy?

Also, for the record, I don't even necessarily want to be a master. I'm 99% sure I'd just play the CPU, but at the same time, I don't want to just put it on easy and be a button masher. I want to be good at the game and be a strategist.

Please be nice-- I'm just a newb :-( 




  Skinny is not the same as fit.

I know that. I'm about as far from physically fit as a person can be. 




 Oh, no, I'm sorry if I wasn't clear. I was actually talking about once I start a job. I feel like it's a good idea, but I'm not sure. I've never actually tried energy shots before, and I take a ton of prescription meds for depression/anxiety and something called Crohn's disease. 




 I've had some trouble in the past maintaining a high level of energy throughout a work day. Is this a good idea?

I'm going to try my best to start working out consistently soon (I'm not a fat load FWIW-- I'm actually pretty skinny), but for now, what do you guys think? 




 Still interested? 




 Name the only wrestler(s) to defeat Goldberg more than once in WCW and/or WWE, and never by disqualification. 




 Yeah, I've heard how the people in the clip have to be in a certain position for the effect to even be possible to begin with.

Would it be possible for you to explain exactly what I should look for to make the effect possible? I want the footage to be in motion like the GIF I linked to.

Or maybe I can give you an example of a clip I might want to use and you can explain to me why it would or wouldn't work? 




 It's actually not gonna be footage that I've recorded myself-- it'll be a basketball clip just like the one you mentioned.

Will that still work? 




 Would someone be willing to create a short Jumper/Nightcrawler video clip for a project I'm doing? [Something like this](http://i.cdn.turner.com/nba/nba/.element/media/2.0/teamsites/spurs/imgs/E775Qom.gif). Nothing long at all.

As said in the title, I'll gladly pay for the clip since I know how complex an effect this can be.

Anyone who's interested can post here or PM me.

Thanks, guys. 




 I used to use a program called [Flash Video Downloader](http://download.cnet.com/Flash-Video-Downloader-Youtube-Downloader-for-Firefox/3000-11745_4-10825131.html) to collect videos to watch from [the NBA.com streaming video page](http://www.nba.com/video/?ls=iref:nba:gnav), but for some reason, it's not working anymore. The program itself 

I've tried other programs such as Replay Media Catcher, and I've also tried other browsers (my default browser is Firefox) as well, all with no luck.

What's weird to me is that on [certain pages on NBA.com](http://hangtime.blogs.nba.com/?ls=iref:nba:gnav), I can download the streaming videos the way I normally used to, but I can't do so on the page I linked to at the beginning of this post.

Anyone have any suggestions? Maybe someone could try a program they use and see if it works?

I'd look elsewhere for the videos, but I've looked extensively, and NBA.com is definitely the only place I can get these videos.

Thanks. 




 ... oh, my God. 




 Sure, no problem.

It's a basketball/comic book movie crossover video. It combines NBA footage with footage from live-action superhero movies.

As far as your question about literal slashing/slicing, it is and it isn't. In the context of the superhero films, it is literal, using footage from characters like Wolverine, Blade, etc., and at the same time, it's figurative, because it's being combined with basketball clips that resemble the movie actions.

I can show you better than I can tell you. Here's a good example of what the video mostly consists of:

http://4.ii.gl/ykOrs_HE.gif

See how I combined the two clips so that the narration applies literally and metaphorically? That's basically the theme of the video.

Thanks for your interest. 




 **NOTE:** This is actually my third time requesting this voiceover. I apologize for this, but there have been complications the last two times. I promise to ensure that this this won't happen again and will communicate with any and all users kind enough to offer their services.

Anyways, I put some links below that have the type of voice inflection I'm looking for. As I said in the title, I want a dramatic narration that evokes strong emotion and implies to the viewer that they're about to witness something monumental-- something *epic*.

* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q2J2tMsVtn0
* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PI0j9Ds3gso
* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJ8UYtew9NM
* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FgF-D10VVVc
* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9unFBt-ni2A

Here's a sample of the script-- the entire thing (281 words) takes up less than a page in Microsoft Word (Verdana 9 point):

*While their fiery glares are incapable of slaying the enemy, these nearly omnipotent men show extraordinary abilities which eerily resemble those of other men who refuse acquiescence to the very notion of physical limitation.... magicians whose artistic lethality can slash a foe to shreds with surgical precision and the sharpest of cuts.*

*Whether using the art of clairvoyance to sense what the eyes cannot, or fighting injuries that would disable mortal men, these warriors of the hardwood know not the difference between fantasy... and reality.*

One thing I want to say, and I hope this isn't being too picky, is that with words like "reality," "mortal," and "fantasy," I prefer hard "T"s as opposed to soft "T"s when pronouncing the words (if you know what I mean).

Thanks to any and all who offer. 




 **Location:**

* Philadelphia, PA (obviously available to provide work to a client in any location, provided a digital copy of the work can be provided)

**Skills:**

* Proofreader, editor

**Contact information (ask for Raymond Pace):**

* Email- rpacejr19@yahoo.com (first preference)
* Reddit- train_subject8683 (second preference, either PM or in this thread)
* Telephone #1- (484) 494-0817
* Telephone #2- (267) 616-2143

**Why you should hire me to proofread/edit for you:**

As said in the title, I guarantee to offer the best rates for my work-- flexible prices, no job too small or too big, so long as I'm given adequate time to communicate with the client and finish the job (which shouldn't be a problem, since I have plenty of free time and consistent, reliable access to my computer). 

I'll also make sure to put your project(s) on top of my priority list so as to provide immediate results well before the due date, and to provide constant communication with any given client(s). I'll do everything in my power to make sure you get exactly what you want as quickly as possible at the most reasonable prices.

Thanks to any and all who consider my services. 




 I'd definitely be willing to help. I'm an experienced writer with tons of free time. I'll send you an email. 




 Much thanks. 




 I'm an excellent writer/proofreader/editor (I really don't mean to brag, but I feel like I've all but mastered the English language when it comes to proper grammar/spelling/word usage/etc.), but I don't have a college degree. I've thought about posting fliers at a local college and offering cut prices, and/or also posting to /r/forhire.

Is any of this plausible? Is there anything else I can do that doesn't require a mastery of a certain skill?

I'm not asking for anything that'll put tons of money in my pocket. Just anything extra I can make-- something is always better than nothing. Whether it's $5 or $50 at a time, I'll take it.

Thanks, guys. 









 No, but I haven't been successful in getting further than applying for any and all desk jobs since my last one. 




 I've had a couple colonoscopies, but nothing like that. I just take prescriptions medications everyday and make sure to report to my GI at least once a month.

What complications have you run into with doctors? 




 What exactly is FMLA? 




 That's definitely good to know. I'll keep that in mind for sure.

Thanks. 




 I think I'm somewhat good at knowing at least basic concepts (MOFO, MOFC, Cover 0/1/2 shell, etc.), but I always want to get better.

One thing I'm confused about is that I hear people say that you should look down the field first when the ball is snapped, to see if anything is open deep, and *then* look at the checkdown routes. But I've also heard that you should look at the primary route first-- so what if the primary route IS a checkdown (drag, short out/in, etc.)? 

Should I look at that route first or still look deep before glancing at the short routes? This always confused me.

Any advice, guys? Thanks. 




 Elaborate? 




 Wow, thanks.

For what it's worth, if you require a feeding tube, you shouldn't feel too bad about struggling with self-sufficiency. I do sometimes as well. It's not your fault, so don't be too hard on yourself. It sounds like you have it way worse than me. 




 Unless I find a desk job (which, even then, might result in complications every now and then), it'll be almost impossible for me to work full time. I'm afraid that being honest about this up front will lessen my chance of getting a position.

Any advice on the matter, guys?

Thanks in advance. 




 I'm not in school, I don't have a job, and I'm moving to Arizona from Philadelphia (West Philadelphia, born and raised, yadda yadda yadda) for a fresh start at the beginning of next year.

I have enough money in my savings to pay rent and utilities until I make the move, at which point I'll be attending college in Phoenix.

I've had trouble finding a job here, which is the reason I'm making the move. At the same time, though, I would like to find some way to earn and save up some money to take with me, even if it's only the smallest amount. **To be perfectly truthful, I've got a few dollars saved up, and I want to see if I can buy a PS4 at around Christmas time, maybe sooner,** and then hopefully have at least a few hundred left prior to the trip. There's really no reason for me to just sit around when I could be potentially earning money, since I have the privilege of having more free time than most people in my situation.

Instead of looking for work like I normally would be, I'm mostly preparing for the move or just lounging around. I think my free time would be best spent doing whatever I can to earn money on the side. Does anyone have any suggestions? Anything at all-- I'm willing to sell some of my possessions that I don't use (I've also heard that selling blood/plasma is a good way to get some quick cash).

If you guys have any questions that I can answer which would help you to help me, feel free to ask. Also, if there are any other subreddits I could/should post this thread, I'm definitely listening. I apologize as well if this isn't considered on-topic.

Thanks in advance.

**EDIT :** Instead of waiting for you guys to ask me if I have certain resources that can be used to make a little cash, I figured it'd be better for me to at least give you a summary of what I have.

I've gone through a lot of computers in the last decade or so, which has left me with a lot of parts (chargers, monitors, frames, keyboards, non-working laptops, etc.). Can I sell those for parts at local computer shops?

I also have a semi-working iPod (it's a lot closer to not working than it is to working-- mostly because the power button is screwed to hell and it's a matter of luck to get it to power on, and it sometimes has trouble charging), and I have a smart phone with a cracked screen that I think works otherwise.

I'll update you guys if I find anything else I think I might be able to sell. Meanwhile, I'm still all ears regarding ideas that don't necessarily involve selling physical items I don't use. 




 Wrestling itself is getting way more meta than it's ever been, with great heels who actually have good characters (Heyman is obviously one-- Bray Wyatt is another) and aren't "I don't like you, me you fight" cookie-cutters.

A lot of times, those heels tend to be devilish/demonic in nature. The Sith Lord comparison was a good one for Heyman, whereas Wyatt molds himself more along the lines of Darth Vader, obviously. 




 I chose one user, but he had lots of trouble recording. I tried to give him as much time as he needed, but he eventually just told me that I should seek someone else. I didn't hold it against him, and I appreciated his effort.

I remember the fact that there was definitely more than one entry that I liked in my previous thread, but all the samples have expired. If you (or anyone else who posted in that original thread) still have that audition sample from the first thread, I'd be more than happy to listen to it again. Or, if you want to record a new audition sample, I'd definitely appreciate that as well. 




 "... I guess I'll be taking that milksteak to go, then." 




  So the language used in this sample gave me a really big fantasy vibe

Yeah, that's definitely what I'm going for. It's a basketball/comic-book film crossover video project, and the wording I used was for drama, especially since it's based on the fantastical element of professional sports.

 But a few questions, is this sample a wrap up or an intro for these warriors of the hardwood? Also, what will be playing underneath if anything visual/audio?

The sample is from the intro, but it's not the end of the intro. It's from the middle of the intro, closer to the end.

There's gonna be trailer music playing underneath, with NBA footage combined with footage from modern Marvel/DC live-action films.

Thanks for showing interest, BTW! 




 Ah, that's a good one. It's funny too, because Dennis (I think it was him) acted really insincere when Charlie first broke the news to him.

* Charlie: I might have cancer.
* Dennis: Yeah... can I get that basketball, though? The guys are waiting... 




 This would be for a basketball project, so preferably someone with a non-regional, American accent, but I'll consider alternatives as well.

The voice-over itself should convey drama and a sort of quiet intensity. Something like a movie trailer (especially relevant since it's a basketball/film crossover project). If this sounds too specific, don't worry-- I'm definitely not picky.

Here's a sample line from the (281-word) script:

*While their fiery glares are incapable of slaying the enemy, these nearly omnipotent men show extraordinary abilities which eerily resemble those of other men who refuse acquiescence to the very notion of physical limitation.*

*Whether seeing the unseen with extra-sensory perception, or fighting injuries that would disable mortal men, true warriors of the hardwood know not the difference between fantasy and reality.*

Hopefully that sample elaborates well on the tone I'm looking for-- if not, I'd be glad to explain further, and also to answer any questions anyone has.

All offers are appreciated, and I will make sure to personally listen to all of them so as to ensure that no one's time is wasted.

Thanks in advance to any and everyone who chooses to contribute.

Note: I'm not sure if this would be considered long, but the entire script itself takes up just over half a page in Microsoft Word (Verdana, 9-point font). 




 Might just do that.

Thanks. 




 I wish I had the confidence to do this. I really do. 




  What's the make and model number of your laptop?

http://www.dell.com/us/dfb/p/precision-m6400/pd 




 I'm definitely no good at taking computers apart, even on a basic level.

Also, how can we be sure that the cooling fan and whatnot need cleaning, and that this will solve the problem? I always just assumed that this make and model of laptop had an inherent problem with overheating, even with a squeaky clean fan and such. 




 And by "funny," I mean "confounding and slightly annoying."

I've had this laptop for about 5 years or so. I can't really afford to get a new one right now (even a cheap one), so that's out before anyone suggests it (although all suggestions are welcome).

It's always had one glaring problem-- the processor sometimes overheats, which makes the computer lag, for lack of better terminology. The cursor doesn't move right away when I use the touchpad, videos freeze, and the CPU Usage shoots up to 100%, making it almost impossible to even use the laptop until it goes back to normal (which usually takes about 3-5 minutes, depending on a number of factors). I can feel right above the keyboard to see how hot the processor is to the touch, and that's a good indicator of how well it'll probably perform.

Recently, my air conditioner broke down, so I had to replace it with a basic oscillating fan. I kept the air conditioner across the room, but the fan is right next to my bed.

The way I'm positioned basically has the fan blowing on me and the laptop at the same time. This has actually prevented the laptop from overheating ever since I made the change to the fan. Unbelievable, right?

That said, there's clearly something to this. I do have a laptop cooler (CM Storm) that I'm using right now, and it undoubtedly helps, but my laptop has never stayed as cool as it's been for the last few days. I can actually watch streaming video and 720 HD without a problem, and the processor (right above the keyboard, like I mentioned above) isn't scorching hot to the touch anymore, ever. It's like heaven.

Now, knowing this, what can I do to emulate the effect that the fan is having on my laptop, if anything? It's truly amazing to me, but I don't want to constantly have a fan blowing on me to get the most out of my laptop.

Any suggestions?

Thanks, guys. 




 Is that how it works? I thought it matched video with copyrighted material. 




  My memory has turned to shit because i don't remember any of this.

Probably because this match was basically "Bill Goldberg feat. the Elimination Chamber (oh, and five other wrestlers)." 




 Beats the gray hair, doesn't it? 




 If you rewind it a little bit, King sounds REALLY weird. The sound might have been messed with by the uploader. 









 Well, Frank does horrible things to people, mostly for money, or so that he can "bang whores."

Dennis is such a playboy that he's willing to imply that he'll rape a woman just to coerce them into sex. His D.E.N.N.I.S system also has "scumbag" written all over it. 




 What about everything Charlie does for the waitress? Yes, he creeps her out and annoys her to no end, but he means well. He tries to do nice things for her and he wants her to be happy. He's just a screwup and is almost as unattractive as a man can possibly be.

[spoiler](/s "And, as seen in Season 8, she actually needs Charlie in her life, by her own admission, no less.") 




 Charlie... stop wearing clothes you find washing up under bridges.

... unless you boil them first. 




 Tie between Dennis and Frank 









 Yeah. The episode is called "Pop-Pop: The Final Solution." 









 In all fairness, JBL is good for stuff like this from time to time. I never knew Heath Slater was a Golden Gloves boxer (unless that was made-up; I couldn't find anything official on it with a quick Google search). 




 And both losses were by disqualification. He has not yet been pinned or made to submit. He's also defeated the team of R-Truth and Xavier Woods in a 2-on-1 handicap match.

For context, record after wrestlers' first two losses (whether by DQ, countout, pinfall, or submission) in WWE/WWF/WWWF, only counting singles matches:

* Brock Lesnar: 11-2
* Kane: 4-2
* The Undertaker: 32-2
* Ultimate Warrior: 12-2
* Hulk Hogan: 6-2
* Andre The Giant: 31-2

Goldberg actually retired undefeated (24-0) in one-on-one matches during his WWE career, with two draws (against Kane and Shawn Michaels respectively).

For the above wrestlers, I didn't count draws towards their records, obviously-- just wins and losses.

There's some completely useless knowledge for you, r/sq. It's what I do best. _

Source:

http://www.profightdb.com/ 




 Is digital art your favorite hobby/activity? 




  When you're feeling really down is NOT the time to try and do things because when you realise how discouraged you are it will make you feel worse.

This happens pretty much any time I feel down but I try to do things anyway. That's why I feel like I'm getting closer and closer to going for alcohol, to loosen me up a little, I guess. 




 Make sure you let your doctor know about your suicidal thoughts. You probably already know that already, though.

Keep us updated. 




 I thought about maybe resorting to alcohol. I've never been a drinker, but I was hoping maybe the fact that alcohol reduces inhibition would take away that feeling.

Do you guys have any suggestions or thoughts on this? Possibly stories of first-hand experience? 




 He did it fo da ppl? 




 It's absolutely ridiculous how well he plays his character and the subtleties he uses to do so.

And he's probably around the age of most of us. 









 [First off, my referral link.](http://mypr.link/1327185)

I'll probably ask a question along the lines of "Who's my favorite basketball player?", and the first user to guess right (one guess per user) will get a PM from me and can request a prize that costs X amount of points at the maximum (depending on how many points I have to spare).

I may change it to every five referrals if I get a lot, so there's more incentive to actually give this a shot.

Thanks in advance, guys. 




 AJ's theme is about lighting up the sky with shooting stars, and is a bright, vibrant song.

Paige's theme is about ripping stars from the sky and creating darkness.

And they happen to be feuding. 




 Was it? How long did he have the theme before his exile from Evolution? It was a while, wasn't it?

Was it even a custom song for Orton? I swear I heard that it was an actual song already that WWE purchased the rights to. 




 "Burn in My Light" also fits Randy Orton's feud with Evolution perfectly.

*Nothing you can say, nothing's gonna change what you've done to me*

*Now it's time to shine, I'm gonna take what's mine*

*While you're burning inside my light*


*I gave and you take*

*And I waited for you but I made a mistake*

*It's clear that your fear is so near to me*

*Because I see the look on your face*

*You tried to hold me under... I held my breath*

*Alone and now you wonder what I possess* 




 Studio audience: Awwwwwwwwwwwwwww... (one guy coughs) 




 I like it better when things like this happen and aren't planned. 




 Well done, WWE. 




 On my first day working stock at a retail store, I worked from 6AM-12 noon for $7.75 an hour. I am absolutely, 100% positive of all of that.

At noon, me and my two co-workers were given the usual break after the first part of our shift (loading the merchandise from the truck into the store).

First, let me say this about my supervisor-- she seemed to have an attitude with me from the start. She would hang up on me rudely while we were on the phone ("I'm in the middle of working, goodbye" without giving me a chance to even respond) and actually decided to keep talking to a co-worker about what was pretty much nothing but bullshit when I first inquired about the job. I actually had to wait until they stopped gossiping about other people before I could talk to her.

Anyway, at about 12:30 on that first day, I asked her how long she needed me for the day. That's all I said. I said "How long do you need me here today?" I will admit I looked tired, because I was, but she (to this day) believes that I asked to go home early, which I didn't.

Even when she said "You can go home, Raymond," I hesitated and started to say something along the lines "No, I didn't want to--" and she interrupted me with "You can go home, Raymond" again. Fine, I can take a hint. You don't want me here today-- yeah, I was working a little slowly and didn't know what I was doing a lot. Maybe that's because I received no training, not even a pamphlet on how to identify where to place which items (the aisles were conveniently NOT labeled at all). But whatever. I left.

At that point, right before I left, she said she will call me when she needs me. I said okay, thank you. Also, later that day, I sent a text to one of my co-workers, and he said the Monday morning shift is from 6AM to 2PM. That's all I wanted to know from her, but moving on...

After she didn't call for a week to give me hours, I called her and asked what was going on and also why I didn't get my direct-deposit paycheck. She claimed that:

1. I only worked half a day on Monday, which is 3 1/2 hours, so I only earned roughly $23, and
2. That I was a no-call no-show for the rest of that week.

How in the world can it be a no-call no-show if I wasn't even assigned to work? That doesn't make any sense. She said "**I will call YOU when we need you.**" Then she blamed ME for not calling HER and is trying to claim that as a no-call no-show? I don't understand.

And I know damn well I worked more than 3 1/2 hours. I got there before she did (at about 5:45 AM-- was told to be there by 6), started work as soon as possible (somewhere between 6:15-6:25, since SHE was late), and I know if I ask any of my co-workers, they'll say we definitely didn't finish the first part of our shift until about noon, which is right before I "asked to go home."

I didn't get a chance to clock in and out, which would solve all this nonsense (at least the monetary part), because she didn't have my employee numbers ready.

When I asked her about the status of my job after he "No-call no-show" comment, she replied "What job?" Again, I can take a hint. I didn't even bother pushing any further. I told her I'd go pick up my measly fucking $23 tomorrow (in so many words) and I even had the courtesy to say "Thank you" (which actually still baffles me).

Why am I being blamed for everything? And why did I lose my job because she didn't call me back and then told HR that I was a no-call no-show, AND told them I worked half a day, when I worked til noon on a day I was supposed to stay until 2? That's NOT half a day. Anybody can do that math. Places I've worked in the past, your hours don't get rounded down based on when you come in and when you leave. You get paid based on the hours during which you work.

And why does she keep saying I asked to go home? What kind of BS is that? I did no such thing. The fact that she INTERPRETED it that way isn't my fault. I never said anything along the lines of "Can I leave now?" or "Is it okay if I go home early today?" I said "How long do you need me here?"

If I'm wrong, please let me know, and explain why. I'm dying to know. 




 I didn't mean that specific graphic, just something like it. Was just trying to show what style of print I like. 




 Basically something like this:

http://www.rothco.com/upload/product/product//66310_HR.jpg

But on a tank top. Is there a place that allows one to customize tank tops with graphics, or perhaps people who offer to take plain tank tops and draw designs on them?

Thanks. 




 Looking for something resembling either one, or even some possible combination of the two 




