 I'm an engineer too and you need to wait at least 3 years before applying.  In the meantime get your GPA and target respectable companies so when you apply you'll have some good experience on your side. 




 Scumbag brain bro.  That's why. 




 Can anybody vouch for this cashmere v-neck sweater?

says its 100% 




 And yet white people still win at these award shows.  So what's your problem? 




 White people are allowed to watch BET.  White people have also won numerous Soul Train Awards as well.

Not sure what the issue is. 




 Get tested again in a few months.  Sometimes it takes awhile for dat herp to manifest. 




 Exactly.  My heart jumped a bit when I saw Duke was mentioned... because they're on my short list.  I don't want to go to a school with an online program for the reasons you listed. 




 While I agree with you on the merits of an online MBA, I don't think it carries a separate designation on your resume.  It'd simply say "MBA from School X".  

The only other thing is that you may not have access to the same career services as the full time people, but even some of the top online MBAs are changing that and using it as another selling point for their program.

This is also why I wasn't interested in UNC's program.  Because they're spending too much time focusing on the online degree and I feel it would water down my full time degree if I was a student there.

The thing you miss out on most as someone getting an online MBA is the networking and relationships.  But if you're not switching careers then it may not be a big deal. 




 This seems more like an opinion than advice.  




 Who is actually complaining about this?  Plenty of people in retail work holidays. 




 These are selfish thoughts... but you're human and it's natural.  Don't feel too bad.

I've turned down girls and been a little upset when they moved on.  It makes absolutely no sense but I chalk it up to being human. 




 Well at least you're handling it well.  I'm impressed by your perspective on the situation.  Most guys would just go crazy and kill both parties or something.   




 Ah, good point.  I can just buy the shirt with 17 1/2, 36-37 and just have it tailored around my chest.

Thanks.  I'll look in the phone book and start with one shirt and see how it goes. 




 How'd you go about finding a tailor?  Also, I have really long arms, do you advise sizing for my arms but having a tailor adjust the fit around my chest and stomach for proper fit? 




 Nothing lasts forever... NOTHING. That may be the toughest thing to accept in life. 




 I wholeheartedly agree.  I've went through something similar and eventually just learned that I will have some good days and some bad days, but life goes on.  There is no magical moment when you just up and stop feeling emotions for someone you had a deep connection with for years.  It doesn't work like that.  But you get *better*... and that's all that really matters.  Once I stopped searching for that feeling of completely being over it my life improved. 




 I think Priscilla is better cohesive effort but there are a couple of songs on here I like more than any one song on Priscilla. 




 I think you should change the name to Looktastic.  Lookastic sounds weird when I say it out loud.  Otherwise, I like it.  Also, how do you sign up?  I wanted to see where to buy some of the clothes. 




 Can somebody help me understand the purpose of the light box?  Is it mostly for still shots of small inanimate objects? 




 Locals keep laughing at me when I say I want to get snow tires.  They say I just need to get used to driving in the snow.  Are snow tires really worth it?  They're expensive. 




 Georgia. 









 You should kick your groomsman out of the party.  He's being an asshole. 




 There's nothing THAT bad about this honestly.  Why chase a real relationship if you don't want one?  You are who you are.  As long as it's not affecting your job and you're not hurting anyone... what's the big deal? 




 I'm curious as to how you did it without photoshop.  If you don't mind sharing, please do.  Thanks. 




 Did you get rid of the pine comb in Lightroom too?
 




 Could it be?  The rare unpopular opinion makes an appearance. 




 Of all the things I've seen on this site, I somehow don't believe this.   




 Beat me to it... I was gonna say, "Now go ahead and delete your Reddit account and truly be a badass" 




 You think a female would be safe in some of these situations? 




 He really is.  I'm just glad I got put onto him.  You should check out his shows, dude is a great performer as well and since he's indy he's approachable too.  I chopped it up with him for about 20 mins after a show he had in Minneapolis.  Told him to keep making the music and his time will come.

Some of the songs like "Walk Away" and "Fool" should easily be the backdrop for a somber scene in a movie. 




 YESSSS!!!!  I pre-ordered the vinyl.  Bumping the digital download heavy today.

What's the best place to discuss this kind of music?  I'm not even sure what genre it is 




 I'm close friends with a family that have a 2 year old who has Down's Syndrome.  His siblings are 24 and 14.  It makes me sad when I realize the burden that will be placed on their shoulders when he gets older. 




 Aint nobody got time fo' dat 




 I just can't imagine it being around in the 1800's.  Does anybody know? 




 Ah yes, encourage your coworkers to gamble. 




 This saddens me.  I already work for a giant corporation now and was hoping to work at Google in the near future.  I'm like you, the money doesn't even matter any more.  I'd hate to leave one situation for another one just like it. 




 Why in the world would one twin smoke and not the other?  That's what I want to know. 




 I think the key thing to remember is that happiness is not something you achieve and it lasts forever.  Good times, like bad times often come and go.  So I'm still fighting the good fight.

As far as steps I've taken to combat depression:

* Exercise
* Forcing myself to get out of the house and my comfort zone
* Traveling  (helps a lot if you can afford it)
* Journaling daily. Writing a journal helps me keep things in perspective.  There are days when I thought I was having the worst day in my life and it turned out okay.

Best of luck with your battle with depression. 




 Mainly weight gain, loss of sexual desire, and the fact that it didn't fix anything.  I had more suicidal thoughts when I was on the medication.  I would go out at night in bad neighborhoods because I had no fear of dying.


What changed it all for me was going on a weeklong cruise where I forgot my meds.  At that point I realized I didn't need them and I needed to spend more time working on the root cause of my depression.  [Which is still a work in progress btw]  But I've been off meds for at least 3 years now. 




 Having been in a similar situation, it's not looking good for the future of you two.  I don't understand why you guys are still talking and sleeping with each other if she doesn't want to be with you?

Sounds like she's just keeping you around until she makes up her mind.  There is a chance she may want to get back with you but there's also a possibility she won't.  And if she doesn't, you're going to be in some serious pain.

It seems you two need to leave each other alone for awhile and give it a legitimate break.  

Also, you're not acting like yourself.  All this begging and pleading is probably not attractive.  Sure there are some things you need to fix, but you need to do it in a manly way.  Work on yourself in the meantime but don't make it about her.  Do it for you.   




 I commend you in your battle.  Quick question, how do you know its SAD?  I've long suspected I suffer from the same thing but I can't tell if it's just regular depression.  What's the key differentiator?  I know gloomy weather makes everyone feel down so I'm not sure.


And yes whatever you do stay away from anti-depressants.  Worst decision I ever made that led to me quitting cold turkey against my doctor's orders.
 




 Is it possible to have one and not the other?  They're treated with the same medications.  I just visit both subreddits, depending on how i feel at the time. 




 Not sure how you get them but here's the list:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:LGBT-related_television_channels

Logo is probably the most well known one. 




 Also, stay close with your family and boyfriend.  My ex was in a similar situation as you and it drove us apart.  If you guys love each other it's only going to get harder to find someone you have that history and connection with. 




 3 years?  Fuck... I'm sitting at 2 and hoping it gets better.  *sigh* 




 OMG.  I actually was thinking about making a similar post as I sat alone on a Friday night. 




 How do I know I'm not really in a strait jacket in some mental institution right now and all my thoughts... my life... this website and everyone on it is just a figment of my imagination? 




 What?  I've posted that link once.  And I'm not even white!  You got the wrong person. 




 My favorite response to this is the following:

As a straight black man, I have no problems with television channels catered towards gays or women.  You will never hear me say, "Why can't they have a straight television network?" Because it's silly when I'm in the majority.   




