 Melbourne is beautiful but it's also intimidatingly huge! I'm nervous about finding a job and meeting new people.  




 I don't have a job lined up - will start applying in May. I'll be staying with a friend and her family for a bit until I get on my feet. Savings - a bit, moving back home before I move so I can save a bit more. I have a handful of friends there.  




 Jigglypuff 




 Now and Then 









 Finding movie trivia and other info about movies i've watched 




 I've done the same with Give Your Heart a Break 




 Dammit..that sounds oddly arousing 









 You're brave, I wouldn't want glitter getting into my japs eye (if I had one). 




 Sleepers, Inception, Schindler's List, The Godfather 1 - 2 - 3, The Silence of the Lambs, Saving Private Ryan, Braveheart, Dances with Wolves, The Pianist, Scarface, The Green Mile, Legends of the Fall, About Time. 




 In West Philadelphia, born and raised... 




 Ben Folds Five - Brick https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wt5EHAqhR1c 




 The Wedding Singer 




 Gotta work to pay the bills 




 My brothers and I used to get hit with a black leather horse whip. 
I remember being five years old and I was punished for getting sunburnt during a school trip. My mother just watched.  




 Time, good friends and having hobbies helps. 




 I can't ride a bike  




 Fancy soap - $30 sigh. 









 I'm with you on that one buddy!  




 I'm glad Sam Mendes didn't follow on from Quantum of Solace and kinda rebooted instead. 




 I haven't watched many Bond films but Skyfall is def my fav out of the ones I've seen. Looking forward to Spectre - coming out Nov 2015 




 She didn't charge at all - she's a friend of a friend who just wanted to help 




 I reckon the unsub is still out there somewhere 




 I had an experience several years ago when a friend encountered something overseas and brought it back with him, it then proceeded to attach itself to me. 
It would present itself to me as a really strong pungent shit smell right under my nose and no one else could smell it, on three separate occasions - my workplace, outside my friend's house and at my mother's house. 

A psychic who was a friend of a friend told me that it was a trickster and had latched itself onto me because i'm sensitive but don't realise it therefore I can't protect myself. 
I was lucky because this trickster had the potential to do some real damage. She banished it to another plane and cloaked me in protection. 

It was the most bizarre experience I've ever had and I still don't know what to make of it to this day. I sure as hell don't tell many people out of fear they'll think i'm nutso.  




 We needed to feed 7 of us, after combining all of our chump change (college/uni students) we went to the gas station and bought a 5 pack of ramen and a pack of precooked Sizzlers sausages. 

We cooked the ramen and sausages, added a bit of chilli powder and ate using what cooking utensils we could find at my mate's flat since he only owned one fork.  




 Back  forearms 




 March 7th 




 Someone talking about papercuts in eyeballs. Currently wincing :s 




 Quirky sense of humour, kind heart and a genuinely caring nature 




 My plans if i'm trying to come up with an excuse to avoid going somewhere  




 M - Skyfall 




 The need to get blood tests done to check my cholesterol levels and the necessity of power naps otherwise I fade pretty quickly  




 Keanu Reeves 




 These are things that I'm working on:

Distractions and realising you just have to keep on going, the world doesn't stop for you so that you can curl up into a corner and cry. Set yourself little goals and then take steps to achieve them. Give yourself a purpose. 

Learning coping mechanisms so that you can roll with the punches also helps.  




 Being two-faced - I tell myself that I do it to try and keep the peace but really I guess I'm just being fake, pretending I like people when I think they're morons.  




 That and people shooting their snot out of their nose and onto the ground like a nose cannon 




 People who sneeze or cough without covering their mouths when other people are around.  




 When are people going to realise that you catch more flies with honey? If you're going to be an asshole, why would we go out of our way for you? I guess there are too many cases of assholes stomping their feet and getting what they want. I get lots of oh yeah well company X is offering me this which is way better...well then sir - why are you still talking to me, why don't you FUCK OFF THEN?! 




 hahahaha desperation... 









 People who don't take ownership and blame everyone or everything else for their problems.  




 Lee Pace 




 Smile at strangers without expecting a smile in return  




 Beefcake 




 Go to a Dr or dermatologist and ask about isotretinoin 




 Arrogant know-it-alls 




