 Durrr...durrr, "this is why you're forever alone". 

Fuck off, you invalid. 




 MUH...MUH SOGGY KNEES! 




 Ya gotta be attractive yourself! 

Rule no. 1, mang! 




 It's slowly coming this way! 




 Gonna take some text from a older post of mine to give some back story to my interactions with a particular girl:

"Hey guys. I'm a bit new to this whole relationship-with-another-sex biz, being as I've had quite a bit of trouble with girls/women in the past and that I've never had a girlfriend/kissed/had sex/all that good intimate relationship stuff, so bear with me if I sound a bit naive or dickheaded as I'm pretty much running on a teenager's understanding of relationships. So, the story goes that I met this girl at a party where I was quite drunk. I found her quite attractive and so mustered all the liquored-up courage I could find to talk to her. We got on pretty well and I ended up getting her phone number. I asked her on a date ( I'm pretty sure it was one) a week or so later, and when the time came, I met her and I had a pretty good time. After that, I asked her out again to which she said yes. However this second time she didn't respond to the plans I made for whatever reason ( which I was cool with) and we didn't go out. We still texted however, with her almost always being the one to initiate conversation, as I was too terrified of appearing annoying and/or needy. After some time, we agreed on seeing each other again and this time actually did. It went well again ( I think), except this time I didn't press for another meeting. Again more sporadic texting continued( I'm not so good at maintaining constant contact) with her one day hinting at ( well, not really hinting, she pretty much said, " Let's meet up again.") meeting again. I agreed, we made plans, but we both forgot to follow through. Fast-forward to this week where I asked her out to dinner and she agreed ( as usual). After this she asked me whether or not we were going on a 'date' to which I replied that I don't mind whether it is or not. She decided that we should probably keep it casual, I agreed. I should probably mention that during this whole time communicating with her her I've been trying hard to balance the teenage urges of wanting to finally get my first-kiss/lose my virginity/have a girlfriend and my more realistic attitudes on the fact that she might not want to date me and that her friendship holds just as much value as a possible intimate relationship. So, I'm left wondering whether I should deal with these urges to get a girlfriend by pushing for a more intimate relationship but risk ruining a perfectly good chance at a friendship, or whether I should play it safe but retain a possible deep-seated pining for her to view me as more than a friend that may lead me to becoming resentful and bitter. 

TL;DR: I've been communicating with a girl and have developed a fondness for her but don't know whether I should harness this fondness and channel it into making a lasting friendship with her, or whether I should push for intimacy ( which I am severely lacking in my life)."

In addition to the above previous events, I decided a couple of weeks ago to invite this girl over for a movie marathon. She accepted and we set a date. Today I rang her to figure out when she was coming down tomorrow and she had no clue what I was talking about, asking, " What's happening tomorrow?" She insisted that she did want to come down, but had sprained her ankle and might not be able to. 

I've been noticing that it's been me initiating contact more often than not, and I really don't want to pursue this girl if she's acting with some kind of pity/discomfort towards me.

Sorry for the long post. What should I do?

Thanks in advance. 
 




 Go, g-get outta here. I don't even like ya! ^^^^^Please ^^^^^don't ^^^^^leave ^^^^^;-; 




 Maybe. 

I guess we'll never really know how it turned out unless they do some kind of follow-up video. 




 Well, he did kiss that last one. I'd imagine that's a pretty positive reaction from that girl. 




 Not really an argument against, though. If he looks like a monster yet still is able to pick up women, it's still a blow to one of the most common beliefs here: that looks dictate everything in a relationship. 









 Yeah. Norwegian is related to English but Finnish is from an entirely different language family. 




 Through Skype/ any other VOIP program ( teamspeak, mumble, etc) or through text. 




 *Drrrr...drrrrrr...drrrrrr* 









 Was that thing about condoms for raping players a serious suggestion? I really hope not. You should take a moment or ten to think about the consequences of this if it was serious.

Nah, it wasn't serious,haha. Just couldn't think of any more uses for gut. 

Requiring too many steps to get from bear to sleeping bag could get tedious.

Although I hope they would include more complexity, it's more realistic to think that if they did implement things like this, they'd probably be put in as quite simple, requiring maybe a single specialised workbench/item to turn say gut into string and hide into leather instead of a fully in-depth process. 

Still, I think it'd be awesome if they added in a complex method of obtaining certain crafting mats. 




 Dunno. From your post history you don't seem to be doing anything wrong. Hell, I'd go as far to say that you're potentially not even an FA. 




 In my opinion, hunting in Rust could be a hell of a lot more enjoyable if it were to be expanded. It's cool that they've added skulls/bone fragments, but I'd like to see more things added to the list of things you can obtain off of animal's corpses. 

The use of the whole hunted animal should be a defining feature of Rust early-game as it is pretty reminiscent of Neolithic life ( hunter-gatherers), and I believe that it could do with a bit of expansion so we don't just go from sticks and rocks straight to guns. The animals in Rust should be the most important resource for your average nekkid Newman, it should be an momentous occasion when you bring down an animal large enough to provide you with much needed materials. Therefore, I think more animal-only materials should be added and uses for said materials (including expanded uses for bone fragments) should be pivotal to the Rust early-game. 

These materials and their uses would be as follows:

Gut: Used as an alternative to cloth in making bow strings. Used for tripwires (?), rope, or anything that requires some sort of cord/string. Also used for food, to make those drinking bag things and makeshift condoms for better protection whilst raping newspawns. Pulled out raw from animal and needs to be dried on a drying rack.

Fur: Used for making warmer clothing in cold climates, used for beds/sleeping bags, can be burnt on fire as cheap fuel.

Bone fragments/intact bones: Fragments used for jewellery, tools (does this already), needles in primitive medkits (?); larger bones used for weapons, armour, etc

Hide: A replacement for cloth already obtained from animals. Used for armour, storage bags, beds, tents, pretty much everything in Rust early-game. Must be prepared before use, this could be ranging in complexity from actually needing to clean, wash and then tan the leather in respective workbenches, or to just simply using one new workbench ( say, a 'leather rack') to turn fresh hide straight into leather. 

Fat: Can be rendered down in furnace to make glue, also used as fuel ( pretty sure Rust already has this,though)

Meat: I don't know if some kind of deterioration mechanic is planned, but if so, it would be cool if we could salt/dry/smoke meats for future use.

Well, that's all I have for the moment, let me know what you goyim think.

Oy vey!  




 I can dislocate my hips at will. Only problem is that I've probably worn out the joints prematurely from my excessive use of said dislocation as a party trick. 




 I...I think that might be my cousin. Where'd you get this, OP? 




 Me too, man. Pity I'm in Aus. 




 I hope you're right,haha. She also might be staying the night, dunno if that's positive or negative. 




 Cheers,mang!

I'll probably post a thread afterwards depending on how it goes, hopefully I don't puss out. 




 Got any tips on how to escalate physically? I've invited a girl I've been talking to for quite some time over for an anime marathon in a few weeks and I kind of want to get a bit more intimate with her.

What do? 




 Awww yiss.

*Motherfuckin' procedural worlds.* 




 Don't know whether to be happy or sad about that. 




 Sweet Jesus.

You've got to let love in, not demand it.

Did you get that off the back of a fucking cereal box? 

It's all nice and good that you believe that we all have hope, and I'm not saying that old mate OP doesn't, but please don't fucking patronise the rest of us that are very well facing the distinct possibility of a life devoid of intimacy ( you know, that one thing most people, likely yourself included, take for granted) with that bullshit. 

And it's all well and good that you find it to be pathetic or sad that some people can't let go of the fact that they will most likely miss out on one of the most validating aspects of human existence, that is, the ability to give and receive intimacy.

Sure, I could go on a holiday, or fucking twelve, but I will still feel hollow, I will still feel like some sort of fucking freak. I mean, what really is there to life but to reproduce? It's a biological imperative that we breed, I can't just shrug that off and say, " Well at least I have done these other, objectively meaningless, pointless activities. Go me!"

Hope is for people who already have had a lifetime of validating social experiences to fall back on. How can I have 'hope for the future' when I can barely talk to the fucking cashier at my local supermarket? 

Do you know what awaits guys like me and many others of this sub? ( Maybe OP, maybe not) We grow further and further into isolation and obsolescence. We become the creeps and spinsters who either kill themselves in some forgotten place or die in old age and are discovered rotted to their couch. However much hope we can put into the future won't change psychological foundations laid on us during early childhood/adolescence. 

We're at the bad end of the bell-curve, and we've just got to deal with that. I choose to ground myself in reality, not fantastical pipe-dreams saturated with such blinding things as hope.

*ninja edit: Fucking shithead 'f's' 




 Don't worry about him,mate. He's just here to feel superior to us and delude himself into thinking he's actually giving decent advice. 




 Just a little. 




 Sure thing! 




 Gecko is not dying in space,comrade,he only on vacation. 




 I am shakin' in me booties. ^^^^^Pleasedon'tbeatme 




 Sure thing. The excerpt is 900 words; the whole thing is ~1400 




 Sure! I'll send it through pm because it's a pretty hefty amount of words. 




 Hey guys.

I'm a fledgling writer who's wondering whether his work invokes a concrete image within a reader. I was wondering whether I could give someone on here a piece of my text to illustrate. Any part of the text can be illustrated,I don't mind at all.

If anyone could do this it would be awesome. I'm not adverse to giving a commission also, if that entices anyone.

Cheers guys! 




 I like petting my own chest hair, especially my belly hair as it's soft like a gosling. No one else wants to stroke it however. :/ 




 Yo-you like body hair? Well,I've got plenty of that. No back hair,though. 




 I bought it late last year,haha. Been waiting for procedural environments ever since. : 




 LE SIGH 




 Man, I've been waiting so long for procedural environments to be properly implemented before I fully jump into this game. Surely having larger maps with more asteroids/other procedurally generated content is a goal the devs are working towards, right? Has there been any indication of them actually making progress in this area,though? 




 From your comment higher up, you look like a regular dude. 

I have no doubt in my mind whatsoever that if you had actually, properly physically unattractive, your girlfriend would have dismissed any effort of yours to pursue an intimate relationship, despite how passionate you are, yadda yadda.

Your personality is attractive because you fit within the threshold of physical attractiveness that dictated whether your girlfriend would date you or not. 

It's fucking strange, you know, that people actually believe that physical attractiveness doesn't affect how you interact with other people. It's all well and good to say, "Well, my girlfriend loves me for my personality," but you ignore the fact that she was attracted to your physicality first and foremost, and then your personality ( although I doubt she would stay with you if you magically became an ugly fucker, personality or no.)

This is what normal people forget, that facial attractiveness initially determines any future interactions you'll have with someone.  




 Give us a picture of your face and I'll be more than likely to believe you. 




 But ya need a good face to get dem social skillz, bruh. 

In all seriousness, you can have all the social skills you want, but there has to be at least some physical attraction on your end to warrant an intimate relationship with someone.

I'm sure it was your winning personality that got you your girlfriend, right? lel. 




 Wait. Deres a pub night? Where at? 




 Oh fuck off with this confidence bullshit. People won't give a shit that you're confident if you have no facial aesthetics. 

Face trumps all,I'm afraid. 




 If I hear that fucking phrase again, Ima...sit here passively and do nothing.  




 I'm not commenting so much on sex as I am on finding an intimate relationship. Sure, sex is probably overrated, but I don't want a relationship solely for sex. 

To get someone of the opposite sex to want to be intimate with you is one of THE most important traits of being viewed as a functional person. 

People couldn't give two shits if you think you're alright for not having ever had an intimate relationship as it implies that there's something wrong with you, and people don't like that; they don't like someone like that hanging around them. 

 If you are just looking to get your dick wet, it shouldn't be that difficult, but will still require effort. Make sure you present yourself hygienically, lower your standards and go to a gathering of similarly aged people and start talking to women, not just the stereotypically pretty or cute ones. Talk to everyone. If women see you blowing off the less attractive, plain ones...and then see you only chatting up the attractive ones, you're gonna be seen as an asshole. 

I'm gonna let you in on a little secret, big fella: Ugly people, like normal/good looking people, don't like other ugly people. Just because someone's physically unattractive, doesn't mean they're going to be attracted to similarly unattractive people, and unlike said normal-looking people, I don't subscribe to the vitriolic delusions they feed themselves about 'loving someone for their personality'.*(Top fucking kek.)*  I know a homely girl isn't going to be attracted to me and she knows I'm not going to be attracted to her. That's just how it is.

I subject myself to nature, and nature is cruelly just. The reality of the situation is that there must be someone to fill in the opposite end of the bell curve regarding intimacy and those people are, generally, physically unattractive (disregarding the disabled/deformed). 

I am one such person, and no amount of "talk to everyone" will fix the fact that the sperm that happened to develop into me also carried certain genes that lead to facial unattractiveness/shortness. It's not my fault, it's not your fault, it's not anyone's fault--it's just how things are.

In the worst case scenario, I accept my painful fate of isolation and loneliness with grim determination. In the best case scenario, I kill myself.

That's just how life is,eh?     

  




 Tangible qualities like physical (facial) attractiveness? 




 How can you be proud of yourself when it's been made clear to some of us time and time again that the rest of society believes us to be worthless? How can I be proud of the fact that I repulse women? How can I be proud of that I'm basically the chaff of the gene pool? How can I be confident with the knowledge that the best I will achieve will never satiate my desire to become a normal member of society? 




 Fuck yes.

Add in procedural ruined cities to scrounge around in and I will jizz the jizz of a happy man. 




 Heh. Gotta look good for me coffin, mate.

I'm at PlusFitness. 




