 I say go hodor on him.

And by that, I mean moaning Hodor all the time when you have sex next time. That'll teach him for sure!  




 It's 2015 and I'm still running calm cune on basically every single team I have.

Well, it still works for me, so... 




 I had the literally same ad a year ago, also when I searched a flat in Hamburg.

It's a scam. You might wanna contact the third party he mentions (Airbnb), they are mostly very grateful being informed if their name is used in scams.  




 Path of Exile.

I loved the story and the atmosphere of this game, but grinding the same region over and over again to find at least 1 orb (not that having 1 wouldve helped lol) with the always same abilities due to cooldowns being non-existant....ugh.  




 I once closed the oblivion gate at Cheydinhal and Farwil Indarys survived.

Might as well be my biggest accomplishment in my entire life.  




 Madoka from Puella Magi Madoka Magica.

I guess she was somewhat useful in the earlier storylines that occurred, but in the series' storyline she's just so ... irrelevant I feel. She is basically just standing around and talking to people while the others are fighting and having problems and a personality.  




 Somewhere in my last years at high school, a rule was set up that forbid the students to order pizza delivery to the school during lunch because it had increased significantly. 

The thing is - there was hardly any lunch provided by school. The cafeteria had only seats for roughly 1/10 of the students while you were not allowed to take it out of the cafeteria building, and it also had open 45 minutes a day, in a time where some people had lessons. And if you were lower than grade 11, you were forbidden to leave the school ground before the end of your school day.

And then our beloved headmaster wondered why students started ordering pizza to the school ground rather than go 9 or even 10 school lessons without a meal.
I'm happy I'm gone. 

 




 Thank you for sharing. I'll look into that link deeper tomorrow, but I always thought that maybe it's my biological clock that is not working correctly rather than the actual sleep. I can sleep during afternoon quite easily, i.e. something like 2pm-6pm, but it's so hard to do at night... 




 I think about 40 hours or something in that direction. To be fair I was too exhausted too count exactly.  




 I don't really see why it's neutral. And if it's town, it's basically a way stronger Retri, who is already powerful now.... 




 I think that would put town in an almost unwinnable game if there's actually two SK's or two Arsos in a game. They could just go "you go for those, i go for those" and decimate town in half of the time, while not even having to worry for a spy like mafia does. Basically, SK and Arso would outclass the whole Maf as soon as they are 2, and that would pretty much undermine the sense of roles that are thought to be working alone.  




