 Not had much sleep, other than drug addled dozing and confusing dreams. Starting to feel as though I am going crazy now, maybe the pain is all in my head? :-( 




 Thank you. I have been scanned and prodded and poked. There is a cyst on the left, but they think it is too small to be giving me so much pain. They can't see anything else going on in there, so I am waiting it out on painkillers to see if it is muscular. If the pain continues, they will have to go in to check for adhesions from previous cyst removals, or to see if the cyst has formed near a nerve. 




 Probably not, because he actually loves them. 




 Thank you.
 




 He has no empathy at with others, and cannot imagine hiw he would feel in given scenarios. He can see the pros and cons of divorce, but not how it would affect me or the kids.

And no, he is not being a good husband. 




 :-)
 




 Thank you. 




 We were fairly certain who spiked the drink (there were two of who were spiked). But because I was so sick with it and couldnt speak, I couldn't tell anyone who was with me what had happened. I had actually stopped drinking about an hour and a half before this happened and my friend and I shared the drink that she was given. The police took a report at the hospital, but told me that there was little they could do unless they actually caught them doing it. There were no cameras in the bar where we were, so no proof as to who did it. 




 I am not planning on rushing into a divorce tonight. This has been hapoening for the last two weeks and I have been thinking a lot on it.

I am seeing the therapist on my own, with the option of him attending if he chooses to do so. 




 I made an appt with a marriage therapist and asked him to come. He didn't.

He has told me that he is not sure he loves me, or wants to be in the marriage, but he wont make a decision. 




 I would probably ask them to get counselling or get out.

He wouldnt go to counselling, so.... 




 Apparently my husband :-(

 




 Thank you.

I arranged a marriage therapy session last week and asked him to come. He didn't. He tells me he needs time to work out what he wants. I am pretty sure it is not me or the kids.

I have had to take a dose of Percocet. I haye doing this when I am alone with the kids, but I waited until they were asleep and I hooe they don't wake in the night as it is hard for me to thimk ckearly. But otherwise I was going to be in agony.

He will probably not even tell his friends I am ill, he will just say I am fine.

I will talk to him tomorrow and lay it on the line that his behavour has gone beyond the imaginable and that he either sorts himself out fast or I am gone.

And I will get medical attention too. 




 Thank you. I am not in a position to kick him out sadly. We live in a house owned by his employers and moved to the US for his job two years ago. But I do have an action plan to move back to the UK with the kids if he cannot resolve his issues soon. 

I didn't get the whole going out with an 8am meeting either. 

I have taken the stongest pain meds I have, even though I hate to take them when I am alone with the kids. I am hoping to get some sleep before he gets home and no doubt wakes me up coming in. Got the tv on to provide some background noise and the kids are settled in bed after lots of cuddles in bed with me.

I will be trying to get proper medical help tomorrow morning. 




 I really only wanted him to drop me off at the ER before he went out. I had sorted everything else despite feeling awful, kids were fed etc. I have spoken to friends and family, but we moved two years ago for his job, from home to the USA. So there is a seven hour time difference and a few thousand miles between us. 




 I posted here under a throwaway in the last few days (mythrowawayisaokay) describing how my marriage was going through a lot of problems.

I have been suffering with an ovarian cyst for the kast week and today at about 3pm, it got really bad with pain, nausea, chills. My husband was out playing vollyball/wallyball with friends at work, and I knew I couldn't reach him until he got home. I also knew he was planning on going out tonight with friends from work. 

I called my friend and told her the situation, and asked if she would watch the kids, if he dropped me off at the ER (only place I can get meds and nausea meds at this time in the evening) and then went on to his night out. She was fine with this.

When he got home I told him how I was feeling and he asked was my phone charged in case I needed to call him to go to the ER in the night. I said that I felt that I needed to go now and that I had sorted childcare so he could still go out. 

He got a bit stroppy and said he would cancel his night out if I needed to go to the hospital now so he could watch the kids.

I told him I had sorted childcare and he didn't need to cancel. I felt he was getting angry at me for making him cancel so I told him to just go out and that I would sort myself out. Stupid I know, I should have just gone with it and taken him being moody for the next few months.

He started getting ready and I went to lay down on the bed with a bowl as I felt really sick. The kids (4 and 7) were coming in and out asking if they could look after me. I was trying to make them see I was ok (but not actually ok) so they wouldn't worry and agreed they could stay up for a while to help me. He told them they had to go to bed "to help me out" and the kids got upset because he was telling them the opposite of what I had said. He then got mad because the kids were asking me what to do. He told them to do "whatever" because they were not going to listen to him anyway.

The kids were upset that he was getting angry so i sent them off to play. He started getting mad because I was trying not to throw up, and really upset with the pain and his attitude. He told me that I always ruin his plans to go out with his friends. I asked him when this had last happened and he told me last July. The story behind that is that I went out with friends, drank too much, ended up with my drink being spiked and taken to hospital. After that I was having really bad anxiety attacks for a week after and he stayed home with me to look after me. Apparently he was supposed to go out at some pint then, but cancelled it to be with me. Nothing since then has stopped him going out.

He also told me that he is fed up that 'every year' I have to go to hospital for one thing or another and he has to take care of me.

Last year I was in hospital because of the night out, and I also got very sick with a separate ovarian cyst which had to be surgically removed. What he forgets is that I also had my tubes cut at the same time so that he didnt have to have a vasectomy after deciding our family was complete.

I was not in hospital the year before. The last time I was in hospital for anything (to my memory) was in 2009 when I was giving birth to our youngest child.

I just don't know what is goin on in his mind right now, but he was yelling at me for always ruining his time. The kids heard him yelling and came in telling him to stop making me cry. They were relly upset and once I had got them calmed down and off to do a 'job' for me, I told him he had lost any chance he had with me, that I was not going to let him upset me or the kids like that again. That he had friends waiting out in the street to go out and that he should just go. He started saying that he would cancel going out, but that he had a 8am meeting and he didn't want to be coming out in the middle of the night to pick me up when I got discharged.

I told him to just go. I don't need to be guilt tripped into not going to hospital by my own husband.

I certainly said some things tonight that were horrible to him. I told him exactly how I felt he was treating me. I told him that as far as I was cincerned, he had made up his mind about whether he wanted to be in this marriage or not.

Pain does stupid things to people, so maybe I will regret this tomorrow. Or the day after. But I will not let him hurt the kids like he did tonight.

They both came in for big cuddles once he had left, I told them they can talk to e about anything and I wont be upset or mad if they have questions. The 4 year old just wante some cuddles and reassurance, the 7 year old was much more upset and worried, althoug she was not able to express her worries. I have told her she can talk to me any time.

I talked about how sometimes they fight and argue and shout at each other, and that sometimes silly grownups do that too. But that we I will always protect them and love them and be there for them.

I just need to get through this pain and sickness tonight, then in the morning I can drop my youngest at daycare and my friend has said she will have my eldest so that I can get medical help. If things get worse in the night I will just have to do what I can to manage.

I just need people to talk to me tonight and keep me sane. Right now I feel that I am holding on to my sanity by a thread and the pain (emotional and physical) is so bad I want to scream.


TLDR: I think my marriage is over, I am in immense physical and emotional pain. Get me through the night please.

**edit** sorry for the horrible typos and spelling 




 Yes, but as I got older and was able to open up to those around me I learned that most people feel like this at some point in their lives. We just overthink it way more :-) 




 She has just been given an appt for a psychotherapist rather than a counselor as her anx/dep issues are severe. I am hoping that her Dr will put her on leave for a while so she can get sorted out. 




 I spoke to her for ages on Skype, tried to get her thinking better and more clearly. I checked she had taken her meds, had food etc. She is basically under a load of pressure at work and I think she is being bullied by her team leader and another woman. I gave her the number for a crisis line for depression, and asked her to see her Dr on Monday. I told her I would call her in the morning. 

I don't think she is going to do anything tonight, but I am still feeling completely helpless and awful that I am not able to do anything but be there on Skype. 

I have anxiety and depressive issues myself, along with a lot of issues stemming from her overdependance on me.

I couldn't get hold of my sister, and her own sister is pretty useless in general. She doesn't really have many friends (none that I can contact) and she split up with her long term partner at the end of last year.

What am I supposed to do to help her?



Edit: I have to be away from my PC for a while, kids need feeding etc. I will be back later. Thanks x 




 Thank you! 




 The process is called titration. It lets your body get used to a medication and the side effects of that slowly. If you go up too quickly, you may feel the side effects more. Also, Cipralex can take up to two weeks to feel a discernable difference in mood. Follow your psychs advice, there is no point in rushing the process and feeling awful from it. There is a reason they have given you that advice. 




 Yeah, I cope really badly with busy, noisy places. I feel lost and then the panic starts up. I have been trying to desensitise myself by starting with smaller, quieter places. Started going by myself to the supermarket when I knew it would be quieter, then a little more busy and so in. Went to quiet restaurants, then moved on to busier ones where there was more noise. Sports bars still freak me out because if all the aural and visual stimulus. I can now go to concerts etc, so long as I have someone with me, andI don't get left alone there. It is imoroving, but it is kind of a gradual training thing for me. HTH. 




 Sending you a hug for now so that I can mark this and come back a little later when i have a chance for a longer post xxx 




 It is a line from the Big Bang Theory 




 And this is funny because.....? 




 Good news: You are not the only one.

Bad news: I know this because of the number of times I have seen this on here already.

Sorry. 




 Enough with the re-posts of this image. 




 I am already on citalopram, and my Dr really doesn't want me on lorazepam etc. I just constantly feel as though something is going to show up in my background checks, or I am goung to make some huge faux pas in front of people. 

I embarras easily and still go over events from 20+ years ago that still make me upset and embarrased. I always feel like I am faking my way through life, just to get through, day to day.

 




 Here's a full list. :-)

http://www.thedenverchannel.com/sports/olympics/colorado-athletes-travel-to-sochi-for-the-2014-olympic-games 




 Perfect reply. 




 It is kind of a shame that they singled out ten of the twenty athletes participating from Colorado. Why not celebrate them all? 




 My Twitter is broken. What do I do now? :-) 




 This kind of freaked me out. I felt like I was drowning :-( 




 Oh god that took me so long to work out. I'm going back to bed. 




 I have just been introduced to autogenics by my therapist. 

It is basically using the same phrases over and over to achieve a calmer and relaxed state.

I was really skeptical at first, but having done this three times a day for the last two weeks, when i say the first sentence now, I feel my whole body relax.

You don't have to even actually feel relaxed the first few times, just imagine the scenario it gives you and it encourages your body to relax automatically.

I am also on citalopram/cipralex and have just come off of lorazepam for GAD and panic attacks.

It does sound a bit new agey, but like I said, it really did help me, and I am going to continue doing it.

Here is a website that describes what to do - I just use the text at the bottom of the page - http://www.innerhealthstudio.com/autogenics.html 




 My So and I both commented last night that Corporate Kane got ripped! 




 I did this too! It used to be so much fun. Until I nearly fell down the stairs. LPT: Play this game on the ground floor! 




 My son is struggling to cope with the two recent bereavements we have had within the family. Both bereavements have led to either myself or my husband having to travel away for a period of time (we are living in the US and family is in the UK). He has been able to ask me questions, but it is hard to judge how much to tell him and how much detail to go into. He is showing signs of separation anxiety, but, he is also pretty smart, and I am finding it hard to know when he is genuinely upset, or just playing for attention!
Thanks in advance for any help you can give. 




 Oh sorry! My tablet doesn't like spell check. At least I knew which word to use. 

I actually have had a great education, thank you, and I am not sure what you mean by 'expand your vocabulary'. Are you attempting to say that by identifying a missued word, I am therefore lacking in the language department? 




 Yeah, that pic has been around long before today.  




 I'm really not sure if you are being serious, or not? 




 Definately* 




 And you want to be with her why? 




 Here is a picture of my rarity! She is called Cleo.

http://i.imgur.com/z3Wc6O8.jpg 




 There is nothing I can think of to say right now, I just wanted to send you a hug xxx 




 TIL how to say hyperbole. 




 I can't say flamingo. 




 She looks just like my kitty :-) 




 Oh yes, the very lovely Mr Hiddleston :-)
 









 If you are from the UK, it is a bit like the texture of a dry digestive with the taste of a rich tea. 




 Thanks :-) 




 Nerf gun wars. We can both be stupid and immature. Lots of fun :-) 




 Thanks :) 




 I think you are quite right with it being a redirection - thank you for helping me realize that!
I have felt so angry and hurt ever since the realization, I have gone into denial now about even talking about it.
Ah well, at least we have a topic for next weeks session! 




 thanks :) 




 I will send you internet hugs for making me smile :) 




 How, how, how has Ken Dodd not been involved? 




 Towards the end of my therapy session today we were talking about my childhood and the lack of comfort and emotion given to me, and all of a sudden I had this massive realization that I don't have a single memory of ever being held, hugged, cuddled or comforted by my mother. I can remember specific, albeit, rare examples of my dad hugging me and comforting me, but absolutely nothing about my mother.

Now I feel like one massive cliche - my mother never loved me, I am so damaged etc. 

F*ck. 




 What?? Damn, I am 33 and only just found this out! 




 http://imgur.com/wKcGZMa 




 I have seen and heard this before. When I saw it, it was a military plane, whitish grey, heading into Buckley. It came in ridiculously low over Southlands, set all the car alarms off, and had had people running out from buildings because of the vibrations and noise.

I was on a journey up Gun Club later that day and could see it parked up (do you park a plane?) south of Buckley Base about a mile from the road. 




 I was raised Christian in a Church of England family. We also had a few Roman Catholics and Protestants in the mix too. Religion was a fairly formal affair from when I was young until I turned about 8/9. 

I would attend church services weekly as well as Sunday School. I honestly believed in God until I was about 10. When my parents separated, we didn't attend church anymore, other than for family events, weddings, christenings etc. I had asked to stop going to Sunday School as I never felt that they took my questions seriously, and it started to feel like a chore and pretense.

I no longer believe in a God figure. To be honest, I really am not sure of my beliefs. I feel that there must be more to life than just 'being', but as to what the purpose of life is, I really don't know.

I hold strongly in the idea that the fundamentals of any given religion are to be good to one another. I dislike that religions have become a competition about who is a 'better' person. I feel that religion is oftentimes used as an excuse for persecution, hate, war, murder. 

As I was raised in the UK I had mandatory religious education for several years. Having moved to the USA I feel that learning about others beliefs and cultures has made me a more accepting and open person than a lot of the people I meet here.

I actually had a great conversation with a Sihk lady I met yesterday. She noticed my accent and we chatted about the differences between the UK and USA. Eventually religion came up (as it often seems to in conversations about the UK!) and she told me that she had lived in the USA for 18 years, when she met most people, they assumed she was 'a Muslim' because of her skin colour. She said she had been called all manner of rascist names because the people of the USA usually only knew of one religion outside of Christianity. She had been forced to explain herself and her religion over and over because no one knew about Sihkism. She had been demonised in peoples eyes simply because of a lack of knowledge and education.

Religion to me is akin to someone telling me exactly what I want to hear, so that I can feel better about my life. I cannot believe that we have all the answers. I cannot believe that books written and rewritten from centuries ago can hold the whole truth. 

So I choose to believe that I should be kind to myself and others. That I should help those in need when I can. That I should graciously accept help from others in times of my need. That I should care for the planet, the animals, the people, so that future generations can see the beauty that there is in the world. That I should be accepting of those who choose their faith. That I should learn about others to understand them. That I should challenge people who mean harm to others. That I should not judge someone on their faith, but on their behaviour to others.

So, no, I am not religious. I guess that if I were to be labeled, I am agnostic. But I keep an open mind. Maybe one day I will find a different label to be. But for now, I am just me. 




 Very true. 




 Thank you :) 




 Thanks, check my edit :( 




 Thank you. I am hoping for option 1! Especially as I am now on the 3rd big panic attack of the evening. 




 Thank you x 




 Thank you. Good luck with your appointment too x 




 Please say it will be ok?

I have never seen a psychotherapist before, only counsellors back in the UK.

She seemed nice on the phone, but what if I dont feel I can talk to her? What if I do my usual thing of making it all seem ok and insignificant?

Hell, I really want to cancel that appt right now.

edit: UPDATE: So after double checking the time and date and address, I headed out today to my appointment. And she never showed up.
I came home and there was a call from her this morning to check that the appt was still on, at the time I thought it was.
So, unless she has a different place of work to the one she listed on her website (which when I arrived DID have her name on the door) I don't know what happened.
Basically I just sat alone in a strange place for 90 minutes, having panic attacks, for nothing.
I have left her a message to ask what happened and I am waiting for a call back now.

edit: UPDATE 2. So, she called me up and asked if I had recieved her message. I told her yes, but only after waiting at her office for an hour and then driving home. She did apologize, but basically said thet when I didnt return her call (left on my home number at 9.50am this morning) she though I wasn't coming, so didn't bother going to the office.

So apparently, if you have a standing appt with someone, call them three hours before the appt on thier home no, and they don't answer (be it they are at work, or the shops) it is fine just not to turn up.

I have been left pretty upset by this, she offered me another appt later this week, but I no longer feel I can trust her. Am I overreacting or being unreasonable in wanting to see a different therapist now? 




 And if you go to a pharmacy to get a pregnancy test (this is available in the UK for sure), they use the cheapest ones available. They cost about 20p per test when bought in bulk. 




 It sounds as though the impact force would have been enough to kill him anyway. When a drink driver is involved in an accident, their drunk state can actually help them survive as the automatic reflex to tense up on impact is inhibited, allowing them to basically flop around and in some cases receive less traumatic injuries. 




 I take Citalopram 20mg daily. It takes the edge off of my depression and anxiety without leaving me feeling numb to all emotions. I know that I would have much less anxiety if I were on 30mg per day, but I also know from taking that dose previously that I would not be able to 'feel' a full range of emotions including happines - more just 'meh' to everything.

I was recently on lorazepam for panic attacks, which worked really well when I needed it. I didn't want to take it long term though due to it being hard to get off of if you use it regularly.

I also believe that combining therapy and meds is most effective for me personally. I am starting sessions with a psychotherapist again in January. Cognitive Behavioral Therapy was helpful for me, in enabling me to rationalize my fears for the most part. 

It really is a personal choice, and remember that medication can take several weeks to help you, and can sometimes make things seem worse to start with. If you choose to take meds, don't do it alone. Make sure a friend or family member knows what you are taking so that they can watch for any worsening moods, or changes in personality.

I hope that the information you get here helps, and that you find a way to live with the anxiety. It really sucks to miss out all the time because of the worries and panic in our heads.  




 Totally agree with you!
 




