 Radical feminists have taken a real thing and twisted it around to suit their needs.

I saw a radfem accuse a man of gaslighting because he disagreed that she was raped. (She had sex when she was 17 with a 28-year-old) 




 I have Googled this but gotten different answers all over the place. Some say it's included in the antibiotics that affect birth control, others say it isn't.

I am using a backup form of birth control just in case either way, but now I am just curious. 

Related: I have begun skipping the placebo pills in the pack and starting the next one right away to eventually stop my period, at my doctor's suggestion (insurance wouldn't pay for Seasonique or anything like that), and now I have been bleeding lightly for 13 days. Is that normal in the beginning? I am 26 years old, 125 lbs, 5'6. 




 Pick his nose and eat it. 




 All fetuses start off female. 




 I am Pisces. Things that fit me:

Emotional

Highly sensitive

Afraid of ridicule

Dreamy

Doesn't fit me:

Good worker (I am lazy)

Artistic

 




 So...lock up someone who's innocent by law? 




 My dogs stay at home. But I don't have AC, so they're outside in the shade. 




 I read the dog died later of internal bleeding during surgery. Why would surgery be required for heatstroke? 




 Only if you're poor. 




 Locking them up treats them as if they're guilty. 




 They aren't guilty until proven so. 




 I'd say making someone live when all they're doing is suffering is twisted and ghoulish.  




 I'm 26. I've had depression since I was a child. I've been on medication for it for 16 years.

No, things aren't very different. 




 If it was my daughter or mother who's lived the life this woman has (depressed since childhood and institutionalized for years) I'd want them to do what makes them suffer the least. 




 She's been depressed since she was a child. This has been a lifelong struggle for her. 




 I've been on pills for 16 years and barely feel better. 




 She'd had depression since she was a kid.

It's just the past 3 years she's been institutionalized. 




 She isn't asking anyone to feel bad for her.

She's just through suffering and wants to end her life, and it's her decision, no one else's. 




 If you have a mental illness GET OFF YOUR ASS AND DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!111!!! 




 They aren't being killed on request. Patients requesting it are assessed, monitored, and studied before anything is done. 




 You do realize that these programs are monitored and the patients assessed, right? It isn't like you can walk into a room and ask a doctor to shoot you. 




 ODing on pills often involves convulsing, vomiting, etc.

Physician-assisted suicide is painless and quick. 




 She's had depression since she was a child. This isn't something new for her. 




 I've had depression for over 16 years.

I can understand this woman giving up. 




 She's been treated since she was a child, so this depression has lasted years. 




 And many people who attempt suicide later try it again and again until they succeed.

Not everyone who jumps regrets it. 




 It seems this is a last resort. She's been in treatment for it since she was a child and has been institutionalized. 




 She also has a team of doctors who have said it's a reasonable choice for her to make. 




 I haven't killed myself because I have some loved ones who I don't think could recover from it, not because I'm afraid of death.

Plus, I think if I died my cat would end up at the pound. 




 Everyone feels depressed sometimes, but there is a huge difference between the emotion that people sometimes feel and the illness. 




  If she were to be handicapped by a different disability like being paraplegic we would encourage that person that there is a way to work around the disability in life instead of agreeing with them that life is now pointless.

Well, I'd kill myself in that situation too. 




 There is something wrong. Mental illness causing suffering.

The WHO has said mental illnesses are among the most debilitating.  




 How would you know that? Her doctors, who have tried to help her again and again, have said it's a reasonable decision for her. They would know what treatment she's had.

Depression isn't always curable. 




 As someone who's suffered from depression for over 16 years...sometimes life isn't worth it. I've yet to experience anything to make the years of misery worth it. 

She's been treated since she was a child. She's been institutionalized more than once. If she feels she's been put through enough, I completely sympathize with her. 




 I've been on antidepressants for 16 years. I'm not better yet. Can I end it now? 




 She's not getting better.

Exactly. That's what I wish people in this thread would realize. She's been treated since childhood and institutionalized more than once.

They don't want to acknowledge that sometimes depression is so severe that it can't be treated property and it's cruel to make someone continue living with it. 




 She's been suffering since she was a child. As someone who's had the same experience, death is a better sentence than a life like that. 




 Funny, the WHO says mental illnesses are among the most debilitating. 




 She's been treated for depression since she was a kid and institutionalized more than once.

It might not have a cure in this case. 




 I'd certainly kill myself.  




 Mental ailments can be just as debilitating.  




 Because 9 more years of soul crushing depression is nothing, right?

She's been suffering from it since she was a kid. 




 People said someone who's been treated for years and institutionalized for years would be able to end their life when none of it worked and they were sick of suffering? The horror! 




 She's undergone treatment for years and has been institutionalized more than once.

At some point, you have to acknowledge that someone is suffering and isn't being helped. 




 Except this woman has undergone years of treatment and being institutionalized. At some point, you have to acknowledge that someone isn't being helped and it's cruel to make them keep existing. 




  Unless you have a chemical imbalance in your brain, it is always possible to change your outlook on life.

Which she most likely does. She's been treated for depression since she was a kid. 




 She has a mental illness. This isn't simply a case of not giving life a chance. 




 She's been treated since she was a child. It hasn't worked. 




 As someone with depression myself, I find death to be a lot less scary and difficult than life in any case. 




 They warned people with in-treatable depression would be allowed to end their suffering? Oh, how horrible. 




 And this is more selfish than forcing someone in constant suffering and misery to keep existing for your own benefit? 




 She isn't asking for your sympathy. She's asking for a release from a disease that's plagued her since childhood and it's really no one else's business. 




 Exactly. I'd copy and paste this comment a lot in this thread if I could. 




 Did you read the article? She's been treated for it since she was a child.

It isn't always as treatable as you think. 




 It's probably a chemical imbalance. 




 Damn mentally ill people, not pulling through like everyone else!

She isn't asking for your sympathy. She's asking for a release from a disease that's plagued her since she was a child and hasn't responded to treatment. 




  fucked up painful conditions

Depression fits this perfectly. This woman has had it her entire life and treatment hasn't worked. 




 It seems as though they've attempted to treat her depression since she was a child.  




 even though she does not have a terminal or life-threatening illness

Depression certainly is a life-threatening illness if severe enough. 




 I think they meant physically healthy. 




 I'm okay with it. 




 Spaghetti, sauce, Parmesan cheese, and juice. 




 William the Conqueror's granddaughter. 




 Citation needed. 




 Yep. And in one book, not only was Henry II Stephen's son, but Matilda had to high-tail it to Normandy the moment she learned she was pregnant so she could sleep with Geoffrey and Geoffrey would think he was the one who impregnated her.

I can see one crappy book doing it, but three? Just...why? Why do Matilda and Stephen have to be doing it? What's the attraction in that? 




 Well, GOT doesn't take place on Earth. So maybe their armor is really heavy. 




 Conservatives say "over-educated" all the time and I never understand why being educated is bad. 




 SRS is so annoying I enjoy having them around. 




 This is addressed in Striped Pajamas, at least!

The kid keeps asking what that weird smell is. 




  I can also buy that a child would make friends with a jewish boy, even though there were efforts to indoctrinate even children.

It's doubtful a child in a concentration camp would have been allowed to sit by the fence for hours on end and chat with the neighbor though. 




 I've never read the book, but I saw the movie. I thought it was pretty shitty and I rolled my eyes for the entire ending.

Forget the inaccuracies, it fails even as a good story. 




 Nah, it was the bat. Rasputin was innocent. 




 They can. A lot of those programs are run by religious organizations. 




 Dumbo was sort of progressive for its time though. The crows were very stereotypical, but they were also the ones who helped Dumbo fly. That's impressive for 1941. 




 Because a lot of gay and transgender kids end up getting thrown out of their homes by their parents. 




 I fear getting hit by a car because people fly down my road. 




 Egalitarian societies (early hunter/gatherers were relatively egalitarian) had marriage, so stop it. 




 Conservatives don't care as long as business gets the preference.  




 I'd agree, certainly. 




 No one is banning the sale of the flag. Businesses are choosing to no longer sell it. You can also fly it on your own personal property if you wish.

But it shouldn't be flown on public lands because it was used to keep black people down and spread hate and violence. Black people own that public property as much as you do. Their tax dollars shouldn't go towards keeping a symbol of their oppression flying. Would you support Germany flying the Nazi flag? It's *just like that*.

The flag was *created* as a battle flag and a rallying point for troops fighting to be allowed to keep black people as property. You're acting as though it already existed and they just used it. They created it specifically for use in the Civil War. It has no other origin or use before that. If you find pride in that have fun, but the rest of us know it was created for the sole purpose of fighting to keep other human beings as chattel. 

Do you really want your regional identity to come from the fact that you fought tooth and nail to keep others enslaved? 




 And people still insist it isn't about racism. 




 Some people will say it isn't up to government to regulate business, even to stop them from abusing their workers. "If they don't like where they work, they can go somewhere else." 




 It makes it possible to prosecute people who shouldn't have guns for having them.

As long as you aren't violent and can pass a background check, no one cares about your pistol or rifle. 




 I like to read historical fiction (I can ignore the badhistory for the sake of a good book as long as it isn't too absurd and the book is good), and I have noticed some details seem to get recycled from book to book.

For instance, I have read three novels about Empress Matilda. In every single book, her eldest son (future king Henry II) is actually the son of Matilda's rival, Stephen. Matilda's husband, Geoffrey has never a clue.

Why three different authors decided to include this bullshit, I'll never know. 

Carolly Erickson likes to make characters gay for the sake of it it seems. Most of her books are so bad I read them for the lolz. 




 I don't doubt that younger women have a higher risk for complications, but it's a misconception in history that women married extremely young. It certainly happened sometimes, but not as often as you'd think. For example, the average age of marriage for women in Tudor England was 25.

Most women weren't having babies under the age of 20. 




 You can acknowledge that things happened and acknowledge that they were bad.

But that isn't the same as apologizing for something you had nothing to do with. 




 No...it isn't the law to implement single payer. 

As for costs, single payer would cost less than what Americans are currently paying for healthcare. 




 An apology is usually a recognition that someone did something wrong and that they are remorseful. 

What's the point if the people who hurt others aren't doing either of these things? 




 It isn't illegal to casually photograph someone in a public place where they have no expectation of privacy. At least not in the USA. 




 Rule of thumb, if you have a device that is capable of using twitter, then you don't need more money

Eh. Laptops are pretty cheap now. I got mine for Christmas.

But I'm still poor. Minimum wage = ouch. 




 A lot of struggling artists put their stuff up themselves for exposure. 




 Let me answer these, as a woman.

ask him what he does before he leaves his house to avoid getting raped

Nothing.

Ask him what tactics he uses to keep his drink from being spiked.

None.

Ask him how many of his male friends have cried on his shoulder after being raped.

None, male or female.

Ask him which men's magazine has offered tips to escape a rapist. 

Men's magazines also don't share tips on how to avoid being assaulted in general despite men being more likely to be victims of general assault than women.

Ask him what areas/times he has identified as high-risk.

None.

Because women all have detailed answers to these questions.

I've just proven this to be BS. 




 What do you mean "proper tools to take care of themselves"? You still need medical care sometimes even if you take care of yourself.

And America currently spends more than any other country on healthcare despite having fewer physicians, hospital equipment, etc. Our life expectancy is below many other developed countries as well.

http://www.pbs.org/newshour/rundown/health-costs-how-the-us-compares-with-other-countries/

Private, for profit healthcare is expensive. 




 This would be servicing 100% of the population, not a small percentage.

And we'd spend less than we currently do on healthcare now. 




 Yeah...would be nice wouldn't it?

Too bad we have conservatives in the way. 




 And despite our medical care being the best, our numbers aren't the best when it comes to life expectancy, infant mortality, etc. Those other countries beat us out on all of that. 




 Because moving is easy and cheap. 




 Do you think countries with single payer healthcare don't have nurses? 




 Should we privatize the fire departments and public schools as well?

If you can't pay the fire department, kiss your house goodbye! Can't pay for your kid's education? Hope they learn how to read some other way!

Americans accept socialized programs we already have, but healthcare is just too far? 




 I propose we start downvoting everyone who starts posting idiotic comments about "free" healthcare as though we aren't all perfectly aware it would come out of taxes.

If people want to debate against single payer that's fine, but if you just post about how dumb Americans are because "whoo whoo, free stuff for all, no one has to pay anything!" as if you're making a valid point, you're adding nothing to the conversation. 




 Countries with single payer have a higher life expectancy and cheaper healthcare than in the USA.

So yes, sometimes government is the answer. 




 Well, right now countries with single payer systems have a higher life expectancy and cheaper healthcare than in the US.

So our private, for profit healthcare is what's terrible at its function. 




 In other countries it's worked out great: higher life expectancy and cheaper healthcare than in the USA. 




 If you don't want government sponsored healthcare, you can still buy private insurance in a single payer system. 




 They didn't even implement it. 




 It costs less than the system we have now. 




 There are 300 million guns in the USA, but they haven't stopped most mass shootings. 




 And yet the US has more gun violence than almost anyone. 




 As if they can do anything to stop it anyway. 




 No one has to apologize for the actions of anyone else. 




 If you want to continue your life despite being miserable most of the time, that is your choice and it's your right to make it. If your dad does the same thing, that is his choice and his right to make it.

But if someone doesn't want to do that, it's their choice and it should be their right to make it. If you think life is worth it despite the misery, that's fine. But someone who decides it isn't worth it after treatment has done nothing but fail isn't incorrect in their decision either. 




 Sanders. Clinton is barely a liberal. 




 My nipples would be as hairy as a lot of men's if I let them go. 




 As someone who knows what it's like to suffer depression, I've always condoned suicide if the person really feels they have nothing left. 




 Okay, you told your story. Let me tell mine.

I've had clinical depression since I was a child. I remember thinking about suicide when I was 9 years old. I was put on antidepressants when I was 10, and I've been on them for 16 years. Nothing has changed. The antidepressants take the edge off, but the misery, despair, and pain is still there as much as it ever was. 

Things change? They do sometimes. And sometimes they don't. Look at the recent suicide of Robin Williams. That man had depression for *4 decades.* It never changed for him despite years of treatment.

Suicide when one is depressed isn't selfish or childish, nor is it an easy way out. It's a response to not being able to stand the suffering anymore. Would you judge someone who suffered constant physical pain so terrible they couldn't leave the house for one day deciding they've had enough? 

Mental illnesses are the one area where people judge you for not being able to take your disease any longer. 




 They're dangerous to people who can't be vaccinated because they have bad immune systems. 




 They way you view anti-vaxers is how elitists view free range parents.

I haven't heard of any medical associations pushing against free-range children as serious dangers to themselves or others.

Yes they chose not to vax their kid. Yes their kid paid the price. This is the real world. People die. Yes it was preventable. Most cases in which people die are preventable.

And many of those times, those preventable deaths are a crime when they involve negligence.  




 Burn them alive? No.

Put them in jail for child endangerment the same way we would if a parent hadn't put their child in a seatbelt and they died in a crash? Yes. 




 Diseases have killed and disabled far more people than vaccines have or ever will. So even if it were true that vaccines were that dangerous (they aren't), it would still be worth it to get them. 




 Except in this case, *people we disagree with* are guilty of child endangerment. 

Would you show respectful debate towards someone who refused to put their baby in a carseat? 




 Vaccines have killed far fewer people than diseases have. 




 I have no idea how women forget tampons. I have always been aware when I am using one. 




 Someone is about to complain about your use of a gendered insult. Be prepared to roll your eyes and remove it. 




 The concept of someone who owns property and rents it out to someone else? 




 Seriously...I was too horrified by the picture of the slaughtered dog to read the story. 




 Is it public for everyone to see? If so, no invasion of privacy. 




