 Can't argue with that. I'd suggest finding someone who specializes in PTSD, and talking to them if you haven't already. If you have some form of medical insurance that can help you out, then go find a doctor you can talk to on your own. If you don't... I don't know much about PTSD, I'm sorry. Maybe someone in /r/PTSD can point you in the right direction. 




 Your fears are genuine. Drinking to push down how you feel is only a temporary fix, and having suffered from problems with various forms of chemical dependency throughout my life, I can tell you that it's not the best. If you've never gone to a doctor and been checked for depression, I'd like to suggest you do so. If you have, then maybe go again - the alcohol, at least for me, can add another level to depression that you just don't need. 

Now, for what happened between you and your friend, I'm truly sorry to hear that. Losing a friend in any capacity is hard. You think she moved on and forgot about you? Well, have you actually come out and told her that you miss her to the point that it physically hurts? If you have, and you're still getting nothing in response, then I'm sorry, but it may be time for you to do the same. Not out of anger or hatred for her - but for the love and happiness you owe yourself. Find a way to make -yourself- happy, without the constraints of finding love along the way, because believe me, you can't improve upon another persons happiness if you're not happy yourself. When you finally find a way to become happy with yourself, then the relationships you have in the future will only improve because of it. Focus on you, focus on getting yourself into a mindset where you feel safe enough to explore what makes just -you- happy, and whatever it may be, pursue it. Work on you. Focus on you - you're worth it. 

 




 Very beautifully written, and very well worded. And I agree with you - depression is a spectrum. There are those of us who suffer from forms of depression that have no 'real' source, because we were born with it. But even then, it is a symptom, and it does have a source - my depression is what my father refers to as 'the worst gift he could give me'. Many times, even if you don't know what's causing your illness, the fact that it -is- an illness is a sign of hope -it means there's something in your life effecting you to the point where you feel 'sick', or depressed. If you have the symptoms, then you may have the illness. If you have the illness, chances are there's either a way to treat it, or to manage it.

And again, very beautifully written. 




 When the darkness sets in, and colors begin to fade, now is not the time to get lost in the haze. Now is the time to get your paint, get your paint brushes, and paint in the colors you want. Depression is hard, and it does suck the color out of the world. So, within your mind, become a street-tagger, become a street artist - add the color you want to see. 




 Have you been checked for Post Traumatic Stress Disorder? 




 When I was a teenager, my method of suicide was drugs. I thought I had pumped enough into my system to just finally end it all.

But then I woke up. The immediate thoughts were "I'm such a fuck-up I can't even kill myself right." It was - for me at least - embarrassing. And I never told anyone about it until I felt truly safe.

If you find someone judging you because of depression or suicidal thoughts, they may not be the person to be talking to about this subject. But, even if your friends and family are hours away - just remember this. We - all of us here - are only a click away. We're here to listen. You want to scream into someone's ear until it bleeds - I'm positive you'll find someone. Because I know for a fact that I'm willing. Following your instinct to get this all off your chest was a good move. And the anonymity of the internet -does- help. I know for a fact that that's the reason -I'm- here. I don't like to talk a whole lot about my depression - offline at least. But here, I feel safe to do so. And I hope you do as well. Because people here will prove, in one way or another, that you're not alone. You're never alone. So, again - we're only a click away. We're here for you. 




 I was actually diagnosed at one time with what you're describing - my doctor called it 'situational depression'. I was (and in many ways, still am) working a job that was tearing me apart mentally, physically, and emotionally. For that, you may actually only need yourself. A support group would help, but in your situation, it -is- your situation. Which means you need to either find a way out of that situation, or find a way to improve your situation. It's do-able. I did it - I got out of the job (for a few years), and I began to notice the changes in how I thought and felt. So if life is stressing you out, then you may be right - it may not be depression like what other people have. Which is good - because whereas people like me who suffer from a condition they've had, and will have their entire lives, a situation effecting you from the outside is (for a lack of a better way to describe it) 'easier' to 'fix'. At my current job, I deal with people - all day. And I would not describe myself as a people person. So my minor fix; I have pills (prescribed) that actually take the edge off the stress for now. My major fix; I'm currently seeking other means of employment that work more towards my personal strengths. I hope this helps. 




 Or - bring your thoughts and feelings here. Again, I'm with ct on this one - you're off to a good start opening up here. This is what this sub is for, and what is the internet for if not interacting with one another? And if we can help one another in the process, even better. If for some reason you get shot down by the people who are in your life - come here. Open up. With their comments, ct proved that there's people out there willing to listen. Along with me. I'm willing to listen. You're not alone. At the very least - you have us. 




 You're feeling suicidal, so you're obviously depressed. Stupid statement, right? "Well, no shit, Echo - did you not read what I just said?" I did. And I'm with ctshame on this - you said you have a brother, he cares about his family, and ct hit the nail on the head. You're his brother. You're family. Have you ever tried going to him with what you're going through? Let me put it like this. I have a brother myself, but because of the age gap (I'm 31, he's 52), we actually don't have a lot in common. Even what we do have in common (music) we disagree constantly. Out of all the people I bring my issues with depression to, he actually isn't one of them. But I am -positive- that if I ever went to him and said "I can't take this, I want to die and I need a reason to live" - he would be there to help me find that reason. If you honestly feel you don't have anyone in your life, or at least anyone in your life you can bring these feelings to, start with him. He may surprise you. 




