 Grooms of the stool. 




 Collecting aston Martins! 




 The 20 somethings at my job don't know who Fonzie is. 




 Go soak your head! 




 Look at it this way, she's a coniving bitch and your better off without her.
She's using the new boyfriend to piss you off,what do suppose is in his future? Advice: If new guy wises up and dumps her, do not give in to her pleas to get back with you. 




 Cable. 




 Ha ha this is the spice of life! 




 You are such a moron, 




 Chem weapons found in iraq  were sold by american corps, google it.
 




 All these terms are just genaric now and thrown about willy nilly. they don't really mean someone is racist or a bigot or a hater. It's just pop culture. I lived in the south in the 80's in a small town, and saw real racisem hate and bigotry. If this guy stuck up for a gay, he meant well. Personally I am disgusted with all the polically correct language that is forced upon us. 




 Probably supplied by the US. 




 You are here. 




 The whole "Show her respect by spending a months wages on a diamond"
thing was an ad campaign started by De-beers in the 30's. 









 She was auditioning for GWAR ha ha! 









 I notice it mostly on net flix(bufferering) or downloading games or movies(hours of waiting). 









 Small town,big hospital. 









 See it all the time, the doctors wives look at you like shit on thier shoe if you ask them to move. 









 The Saturn was a good system and one game really stands out in my memory. Mr Bones was one of the best games I have ever played, my son and I spent hours and hours playing it. Every level was like a different game.  




 The village board has imposed a $2.00 parking fee on main street against the wishes of all the residents and businesses. If you go to Cooperstown or plan to, please protest this on the internet. Thank you.
 




 Just a basic shape like on a puko knife or japanese knife. 




 Ha ha! Pre- Murica! 




 This actually made the top 40! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxgagXVqZZM 




 Nope! Same with oil change.
 




 The right act like loud mouth overbearing baboons because that is how they see their fan base. The left act like better than you strutting peacocks because that is how they see THEIR fan base. In fact, none of them give a shit about all the social issues they go on and on about other than how many votes they can get.Who ultimately wins out of all this? BIG MONEY! They are all just hogs at a trough and if they have their way we will end up just like: Africa, India,South America...pick one. 




 Nice! If you ever make another like this I would be interesd in buying one, with mabey a slight change in handle shape. 




 Yeah yeah ,bite me. 




 I still hate this fucking show. 




 Took me about 10 years to figure out what he meant ,Ha ha! 




 Am I the only one here who got the joke? FYI most people I know who abuse welfare and food stamps are lazy fat ass white women. 




 I hate this fucking show. 




 Imitating Hoss from Bonanza always seems to work.Condescending city guy: "How's it goin there chief?"  Me: "Right fine, lil' fella!" Irate woman: "Blabbity blabbity I have never blah blah blah!" Me: "Eeeeasy big fella!" 




 Ha Ha! That one made me laugh! 









 If you fuck up a relationship, you have one right...The right to pay...and pay...and pay. 




 I was blinded by digg,...and then digg was gone. 




 Classic uncirculated doorstop. 




 Worked at a small restaraunt and Ben Vereen came in with a small party.After cooking their meal,I peeked out front to get a look at this ever smiling old school entertainer, and he was tearing his son a new asshole for screwing up the delivery of some equipment.
  Same place, Frank Gorshen comes in to drink at the bar, my boss offers to buy him a cognac if he will do the "Riddler laugh" which he did,quite loudly.We all cracked up, and then it just  snowballed and went on all night. 




 Yep!
 




 Four kicks. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Abr-XWJMeu0 list=PLCE076D505BB86812 




 The well done simple ones, are always my favorite ones.! 




 Freakin awesome! 




 Consumer cellular,GREAT company! Amazon is also very good. I once got a strange phone call at work one day,it was my State Farm car insurance agent calling to tell me she could adjust my policy and save me $200/year. 




 You are a mature, smart, successfull woman. Stop acting like an 8th grade cheerleader basking in the attention you you get from your little group of lazy, ass kissing dramma queens.The people who actually work are getting tired of this shit.SHTAAAAAAP! 




 leather jacket and engineer boots optional! 




 Duh, he ran over a blue power-up! 




 Linux 




 What model is the green one? I haven't seen that one before. 









 Dancng with the stars. 




 Wake up you fucking idiots! 




 Wide world of sports. 




 Nice work! 




 The only sports I watch are racing, (any thing but NASCAR) and boxing sometimes 




 3 Thumbs up! 




 It,s already happening here in the US. A few years ago there was a drought and Georgia was theatening to go to war with Tennessee over a shared lake on the border.Meanwhile the Gator-aid plant in Georgia continued to use million of gallons of water every day. It is  illeagal to harvest rain water in Colorado. Ever see a picture of the fabulous fountains in Vegas? A few miles down stream people are starving because what once was a river is now a muddy trickle. Where I live, companies are lobbying for the right to drill for gas by pumping thousands of gallons of chemicals deep into the ground and for up to  a quarter mile or so laterally.In pennsylvania, where this has gone on for a while, people can light their well water on fire and whole towns have been ruined. The gas comany will supply them with trucked in water while they drill, but after they move on they are fucked. This is just in the US,it is 100 times worse in third world countries and the propblem is not the population, it is the corperations. 




 After extensive research I have narrowed all disorders down to one syndrome,SSED (sugar,shit food, energy drinks,douche bag parents). 




 Monsanto: Fucking the small farmer for the last 100 years! 




 Reality is strong in this one! 




 Slapstick 




 Hope they get away with that! 




 I see this all the time in upstate NY, $ 100,000 suv that has never seen rougher terrain than the suburbs of Jersey, with a crew of: Douchey middle age white guy with a sleeveless shirt and backwards hat.Peg Bundy.Snotty, rude kids dressed in designer clothes.  




 Best rat bike ever! 









 The US allowing the federal national bank to take control of our economy. 




 Fuck you ,there are many talented kids out there who deserve recognition. Just because they didn't get a chance to be on "Americas' biggest media whore" doesn't make them invalid. 




 You mean the dirty hands from getting doggy fucked on a warehouse floor? 




 War kills people, Cops kill people,Politicians kill people.My old 22? It only kills woodchucks and the occasional pesky squirrel or rabbit. 




 "Women weaken legs" 




 Whiner. 




 I remember seeing an episode of "Wide world of sports" many years ago that took place on a beach in Main,don't remember the event, but half the segment was upstaged by a 7 foot lobster that was hanging out on the beach. 




 Keep it up, you have something there! 




 Love the wood scales!
 




 Is there gas in the chain saw? 




 Gives us its tips, precious! 




 Scene from History channels' new series,"Swamp logger dogs" 




 Ah,the good old days,when singers had talent! 




 The bible has been rewritten countless times by men who were arguabley the politicians of their times. 




 Bones. 




 Nothing will happen,never does. 




 This once pretty girl can now be sure that guys aren't just after her for her looks. 




 I just want to celebrate-Rare Earth. 
Every day people- Sly and the family stone. 
From 30,000 feet- John Anderson. 




 Mabey it was meant to piss you off. 




 He's all powerfull,all seeing,all knowing,...but he neeeeds money! 




 Gas up my lawn tractor with a smoke in my mouth. 









 I love this show,always cracks me up! 




 These are fairly common tourist fare at native american events. 




 Your bravery deserves an upvote. 




 My old boss used to hire this type to work in a family diner because
 in his words,"She's really nice if you talk to her" and "pretty girls bring in customers". If he didn't have more money than me I'
d have beat the piss out of him. 




 Well said, my bad on the Bucks.I hope someone reads this thread
besides you and I because that is another point,heat treating, cryo treating, forging vs stock removal,ancient method of burying the steel to rust then removing the rust,all these and more are valid points to study
if one is interested in knives. 




 Come on guys, she's just trying to work her way through college 




 If you put the City limits sign in your mirror you will see them. 




 No thanks,I hate eating the rich, they are too gamey and taste like bullshit. 




 Sorry dude. 




 Good point, I too have noticed "bragging rights" syndrome.
It's usually about brands, but what really bugs me is the whole
"super steel" thing. There is no super steel,different steels are made
for different purposes, period. D2 is good for a camp knife while 
carbon steel is better for a butcher knife,VG10 holds an edge forever
but if you use it to chop wood or bone it chips and takes forever to sharpen. 440c is a good all around choice used by Buck and many
custom makers for years. If it's well made and works it's a good 
knife IMHO. 




 Getting married. 




 Don't like it ...don't watch it.
Don't like it... don't listen to it.
Shut the fuck up 




 My late dox-beagle,(Diesel?), Willy used to hang out under the porch.
One day a guy came walking past with 2 big red dobies,Willy came
charging out snarling and growling like a fucking rabid badger rocket ship.The dobies go into fight mode and turn to meet his charge,
Willy does this ninja side step,rolls and comes up underneath them snapping at their bellys then out the other side to snap at their asses.
Poor bastard holding the leashes was trussed up good by this time and I'm sorry-ing like a Canadian as I gather up my little "stretch- lowrider"
and put him in the camper where he got a chewy and a well deserved
ATTABOY!
 




 Brawwk,Polly want a deer! 




 Stephen King needs to write a movie around that girl. 




 Clever,made me laugh. Thanks! 




 Give them the bums rush I say. In the end all they want is for you to give money to the church. 




 "Dyein ain't no way to make a livin, boy" Josie wales. 




 No shit sherlock 




