 Exactly that. I'd suggest reading Sherlock Holmes for that, there're a lot of long dialogues there.  




 Thank you! Now I understand [Bioshock Ininfite](http://i194.photobucket.com/albums/z7/prettybigguy/Telegram.jpg) better.  




 It depends on the type of music. I generally like relaxing music. Soft Jazz is my favorite. I also chose my playlists depending on the scenes (peaceful scenes, chaotic or just thoughts).  




 I have ADD, so Ritalin helps me to concentrate. I'm not sure if it increases creativity though. However, as one who tried both alcohol and marijuana, I've discovered that it simply makes one think he's creative WHILE writing.  




 Never works.  




 Ah, my beautiful country.  




 In August, goddamn EA with their failed marketing techniques.  




 That's a stupid question. I have an account with SimCity Delux, if anyone's interested in an exchange.  




 Apparently, this is true for Israel. Someone called and said 'I'm kidnapped' (he really was), and the police didn't respond for the next eight hours.   




 I have a few 'missing information' in my novel (mostly about characters). 
This is because my novel is 'a journal' of the protagonist. Therefore he writes for himself, and it makes sense that he won't explain much about what is obvious to him, and it's great for me (the real author) because it keeps some of the details (occasionally important details) in the dark. I think it makes the reader unsure, while he might fill out the details for himself. 
I love it, but I wanted to know your opinions about things like this. Is it more harmful than beneficial?  




 Is there another one besides "Buried At Sea"?  




 I call it 'searching for inspiration'.  




 Thanks for the answer. Perhaps you know the name of his agent? 
P.S. Obviously I don't have any bad intentions. I enjoy his music, and I wanna try my luck in getting in touch with him (not physically).  




 Why? It's not like I'm going to murder the man.  









 I'm doing a research (: 




 How much time did it all take? (All of the drafts) 
Was it easier to write after the first draft? 









 I just noticed that my story contains a fair amount of sentences that begin with- This, That, Then, etc. 
Should I replace them? If so, how?  




 It's not really related, but I'm always wondering- how can the photos be so good and with such high resolution? (Considering this was ancient equipment) 




 I'm from Israel and I prefer writing in English. My English isn't perfect and my grammar is often awkward, but I feel that it's more fluid than Hebrew. Try both, and see what works better. I don't think there's a universal solution for this.  




 Most of them probably did. 




 I found it increasingly difficult to keep my desktop and my .docx stories organized as I continue to write. It is bursting and almost entirely occupied with folders, webpages, and various notes which I suppose will be useful. How do you, writers, keep up with that? 




 I don't think it's possible. Procrastinations happen to everyone, in every field. Especially if you're a writer, and I like to consider myself so. Drugs also help.  




 Hey! Does anybody know an interesting book that contains good descriptions of alluring cities, landscapes or even rooms? It could be fictional.

I read my first book (!!) last month (TFIOS, if you're interested), so I'm open for any suggestions.

Thank you!  




 I can relate. 




 I need more like this.  




 Motivation fades naturally, especially after after getting painful reactions. It's human nature. Especially if you're a beginner. 
Believing that the average writer ALWAYS has motivation to write is simply untrue.
I'm also curious, by the way, why doesn't every writer has the potential to be a great writer? Isn't is a mainly matter of practice? As any other skill?
 




 I have to say I'm actually surprised by the comments. 




 I thought most writers are depressed, i wasn't sure if it's for the better or the worse.  




 Some are actually good and funny. 




 Every writer should be encouraged, doesn't matter if his writing sucks. I'm 16 and I my writing is nowhere near to be considered good. 
If I wanted a review from someone for the first time and he didn't encourage me afterwards, my motivation, just like any other beginner writer, would slowly fade away.  

Every writer has the potential to become an amazing writer, yet without motivation I think it's far less likely.  




 The comments here are disgusting.  




