 nice discussion of the implications of marijuana decriminalisation in the USA for the illegal economies of Mexico and further south 




 This is not intended to be a sale notice. 

I'm just drawing people's attention to the fact they can buy a Nobel prize medal these days. 

Victoria crosses and other bravery awards in the UK have quite a vibrant market and sell for hundreds of thousands of dollars. In the 1950s, you could pick up a Victoria Cross secondhand for 50 




 see http://www.nber.org/papers/w16952.pdf  




 The reason that Al Qaeda decentralised was the interrogation programmes of the Bush administration. They couldn't afford to have anyone wandering around with lots of information in their head. Sooner or later, these top managers would be captured and interrogated and disclose their information. 




 There is method to what Obama is doing. People forget that a common political communication strategy is to completely ignore your adversary and never mention their name. Don't give them the oxygen of publicity. 




 Liability will be impossible to prove in most cases. For example, in the case of polio, 95% of people who have it are asymptomatic, but are contagious. 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT

A marvellous discussion of Tom Schelling and how madness can be wickedly rational as a negotiating strategy 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT

excellent roundup of the situation in Libya by what appears to be an expert in the matter 




 Yes, genetic modification changes in the mix of risks in society. New risks replace old risks. Usually the objective is net risk is less after this. 




 The original title was even worse than that 




 about 30% of children infected by measles end up being hospitalized, 5% will contract a severe complication that requires NICU or ICU admission, and about 0.2% will die. see http://www.cdc.gov/measles/about/complications.html  




 Congress recently defunded the enforcement of Federal marijuana laws in states that have allowed medical marijuana or industrial hemp production. 

A complete reinterpretation of the commerce clause is therefore not required. 




 1. Babies cannot be vaccinated; 
2. Cancer patents have compromised immunity; 
3. Vaccine is 95% effective, not 100%;
4. Herd immunity requires 92% community vaccination rates.
5. Tort liability is not an effective way of managing liability for infections from the unvaccinated. Measles is the most contagious disease about. Hard to prove who, in particular, you got it from and that they have assets you can take from them to make up for the injury. 




 The fact that someone didn't join the race to the bottom in this subsidy war was welcome enough, if you asked me 




 Yes, the air crash investigation program is really good on this one too 




 PETA does not believe in pet ownership 




 I live in a country that is addicted to meetings.

Until I migrated here, I'd never heard of a team meeting. 




 The war was fought in continental Europe and France in particular where metrics were more common 




 If a 2% pay rise doesn't reduce demand for labour, how a large must be that the pay rise before it does? 




 It's hard to tasers someone carrying submachine gun.

Demands such as these, forget the police of people not robots.

Police are workers have the same right to a safe work environment and go home to their families uninjured at the end of the day.

This means to me to take any unnecessary risks. 




 Submission statement.

A masterful discussion from 1944 of modern management theory, albeit for the purpose of how to sabotage any organisation, rather than make it work better.

I think Scott Adams got his Dilbert cartoons from this book. 




 The point of the link here is that sociologists as profession are pretty much to the left.

I would be a rich man if I got a dollar for every time economists were denounced as right wing in my presence. This is despite all studies showing that for example, in the USA, the average economist is a moderate Democrat.

Despite all the media reports of the bias of economists and so forth, I've never seen one report in the mass media discussing the bias of sociologists. 




 Democrats to republican ratio is 44 to 1 




 Yes,  good one: nothing like Snow to conceal time of death 




 An oldie but a goodie 




 Within 12 months of Moynahan published in his report, the whole topic became taboo. There is a similar experience in New Zealand recently.
see http://utopiayouarestandinginit.com/2014/07/30/the-politics-of-ethnicity-based-research-in-new-zealand/ 
 




 Who gains from the unionisation of teachers? Was Peltzman right? see https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bq2eJoZWnpk  




 Greatly link to the video.  




 Also, sharp point on mobility and firm size 




 See http://utopiayouarestandinginit.com/2014/12/18/where-have-all-the-entrepreneurs-gone/ for a discussion of optimal firm size and growth  




 I can see why a number of people in the celebrity field lobbied hard for anti-stalking laws. To be followed around by nutters would be truly scary. 




  http://utopiayouarestandinginit.com/2014/07/13/conspiracy-theories-debunked-the-moon-landing-was-a-hoax/ hosts a video that discusses in dull monotone from the viewpoint of a TV camera technician whether it was technologically possible to fake the 143 minute continuous moon landing television broadcast in 1969. 




 Measles affects about 20 million people a year, primarily in the developing areas of Africa and Asia. It resulted in about 96,000 deaths in 2013 down from 545,000 deaths in 1990. In 1980, the disease is estimated to have caused 2.6 million deaths per year. 

Before immunization in the United States between three and four million cases occurred a year. Most of those who are infected and who die are less than five years old. Adults have little or no memory of before the age of 4.

The risk of death among those infected is usually 0.2%. Complications are usually more severe in adults who catch the virus. 

Herd immunity requires at least 92% vaccination rate; the vaccine is only 95% effective; babies are too young to vaccinate; and tort liability is an ineffective way of policing infections from you see http://utopiayouarestandinginit.com/2015/02/07/richard-epstein-classical-liberalism-and-compulsory-vaccinations/ 




 an oldie but a goodie as a tall tale but true 




 an oldie but a goodie 




 Submission Statement

Roland Fryer carried a gun at 14 as a member of the gang; worked extra jobs at college to pay off his father's bail bondsman; and an assistant professor at Harvard at the age of 27. He is the sharpest economist around working on the economics of inequality and discrimination.

This 2005 profile is well worth reading. Both his extraordinary life story and the promise he was showning in 2005 was later delivered. 




 On reflection, this 2 flat levy seems to have the Guardian supporting the equivalent of a poll tax, given that so many people have broadband 




 Rather interesting short essay explaining the importance of the working class vote in winning US elections 




 Very good points. They are a hinterlands rabble 




 Old but still a treasure 




 The Guardian clearly does not like creative destruction 




 About 25 years ago, a Scandinavian film crew visited North Korea on the promise that they could film what they liked. 

When they arrived, they were given the film that they were going to make. The promise was broken.

When they reviewed the film given to them by the North Korean authorities, they are more than happy to put it out as their documentary because every single frame unintentionally sent North Korea up because of the sycophancy etc. 




 Under Stephen Stiglers law of scientific epiphany, the inventor of an idea is not the first to discover it, but the first to make sure that the idea stayed discovered and was not forgotten again and reinvented and recycled as new. Mentioning an under-developed idea in passing is not enough.

Stephen Stigler attributed his law to Robert Mertons law of multiples, acknowledging that Stiglers law obeys Stiglers law.

for more see http://utopiayouarestandinginit.com/2014/03/28/public-policy-fallacies-and-stiglers-law-of-scientific-epiphany/ 




 The problem for stadiums is nationwide subsidy market with that awful race to the bottom 




 A little bit old, but it's good to see that the middle of the road Democratic party flagship publications are drawing a line somewhere on corporate welfare 




 Paul is annoying all the right people 




 Forgot to add that awareness of this longitudinal study, and this previous research with that longitudinal study might give some people some ideas for research of their own in the same area with economic tools were not applied in the original article or the original data. 




 I like Leonardo DiCaprio because he has a wide range and appears to dissolve into whatever character he is playing.

Most of all, in his current movie, you never think about what characters he played in recent movies or whether he is playing against type. 




 Thanks, the law and economics of criminal justice does not seem to be as accepted as widely as I thought.

Some of the first articles in law and economics by Richard Posner and William Landes were on the economics of the courts, legal administration and the judiciary as a whole.

When Gary Becker wrote the economics of discrimination, many simply did not accept that it was a topic for economic analysis. Likewise, when he wrote Human Capital in 1964, he later explained that is book had such a long subtitle to overcome criticism of describing people as capital. 




 Shouting at people and telling them that their stupid and corrupt and on the take is rarely as a successful strategy for any salesman who has to earn his salary by selling something to them.

Indeed, most of the studies show that such strategies of aggression and denunciation are polarising rather than result in people changing their minds. 




 I was surprised to see him in the picture too 




 A nice roundup of the various theories as to why crime has fallen so much 




 Free banking has a serious time inconsistency problem regarding credible promise to never bail-out banks 




 Should drunk drivers be punished more heavily if they cause accidents? 




 1. herd immunity requires at least 92% vaccination rate
2. vaccine is only 95% effective;
3. babies are too young to vaccinate; and
4. tort liability is an ineffective way of policing infections from you see http://utopiayouarestandinginit.com/2015/02/07/richard-epstein-classical-liberalism-and-compulsory-vaccinations/  




 You make a good point about many artists working in jobs that do not fit the stereotype of the public. 




 Survival is the true test of market value 




 Aka regulation by stealth 




 wise but not very romantic.  




 This op-ed was written back when Paul Krugman was the finest expositor of economics since Milton Friedman to the popular press and general public.

After the election of George Bush in 2001, he became patient number one of George Bush derangement syndrome, and slipped from that pedestal and lost the chance of being the greatest expositor of economics bar one.

Millions of people suffered from Clinton derangement syndrome in the 1990s and many still do. Patient number one of Clinton derangement syndrome has many candidates. Ann Coulter is my nominee. 




 survived amazon's invention 20 years ago 




 1. babies are too young to be vaccinated
2. vaccine is only 95% effective
3. herd immunity - see http://utopiayouarestandinginit.com/2014/12/07/how-vaccines-and-herd-immunity-work/

 




 a very good point 




 The anti-vaccination movement appears to march to their own step.

This survey shows that most people who are sceptical about global warming are in full agreement that vaccines are safe. 




 correct. A big policy dilemma when setting in income thresholds for means testing the incomes of welfare beneficiaries is you can make the welfare benefit pay.

In New Zealand, you can earn $200 a week without losing any of your welfare benefits. That makes part-time work plus a single parent welfare benefit a viable investment.

There is an argument that welfare benefits should rebate dollar for dollar on any income earned to ensure that the gap between working and not working is large and the rewards are to work full time, rather than work part time and staying on the benefit, including its various second-tier benefits related to health costs and emergency grants. 




 many excellent points 




 many do as with france and many european soccer players 




 net of the fixed costs of working and opportunity cost of leisure.

also, pure wealth effect only. is not a negative income tax.

 




 people watch media that panders to their priors 




 the study finds equally numbers from both sides join corporate boards 




 her number of socially redeeming features has dropped from 2 to 1: stopping Hilary 




 Craven political backdown 




 I lived in Japan in the mid-1990s when the economy was switching from a six-day week to a five day week. Workers had to show up on Saturday morning when I was there.

What I couldn't understand is Japanese were supposed to take hardly any holidays, yet there was an explosion in Japanese tourism all over the world, despite not taking many holidays. 




 The author is now a FTC commissioner 




 Spontaneous murders are called manslaughter where I live, because they're not premeditated. 

As for crime related murders, the large fall in crime rates in recent times as discussed well in the writings of Steve Levitt. He points out that executions are simply too infrequent to figure in criminal calculations regarding risks.

Furthermore, gang bangers, a spell on death row probably extends life expectancy relative to been murdered by business associate in a drug dispute.

The Rand Corporation did a very good starting about 10 years ago the occupational hazards of drug gang members. being murdered is a far greater occupational hazard than arrest. 
 




 Politicians like to be seen next to winners and cameras
 




 Yes, it does sound like a bit of a slippery slope. I doubt it will survive appeal. 




 Actually, is a wonderful satire on what Matt Welch called temporary doves. That is, peace activists who oppose the wars started by their political opponents 




 Were any of the facts of the story incorrect? 




 True but easier to not change rather than look up each subredditt 




 I didn't own a car from 1995 to 2009 because the local train or bus systems were so efficient at delivering me to where I want to go with the gaps in between filled by taxis and car rentals.

Do you own a car? What is the longest time you have gone without owning a car?

Indeed, for 8 of these years, I didn't even have a licence and had to resit the test.

Did you let your licence lapse because you are so confident in the local bus system delivering on the job? 




 Exoneration on appeal is the criminal justice system working, not failing. As Richard Posner said, the actual number of exonerations relative to the number of trials and convictions is vanishingly small 




 Headline, but I'm reluctant to change the headline title because some sub-Reddit moderators and rules do not like you changing the title of the link and it's too hard to remember the rules for each sub-redditt. 




 Frankly, tactically speaking, I don't think it's worth the political effort needed to reinstate keep the death penalty relative to other priorities such as life without parole and three strikes and you are out. You can only fight on so many fronts 




 I'm told barbers must undertake thousands of hours of study, including of the history of barbers 




 Yes, it is an unusual headlines for a liberal lion media outlet 




 If there is evidence that capital punishment deters people from murder, how many horrific child murders per year are you willing to tolerate because of your squeamishness before introducing the death penalty?

The latest estimates suggest that each execution deters about eight murders a year. 




 Ignorance is strength 




 Everything you wanted to know but were afraid to ask a statistical perspective 




 That did not happen to me 




 Do victims get expenses paid to travel to these conferences. My mate didn't.
 




 Not only do are Uber drivers have to work unsociable hours, taxi drivers and chauffeurs are twice as likely to be murdered as a police officer
see http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2015/01/28/charted-the-20-deadliest-jobs-in-america/ 




 to confirm link to pdf https://www.dropbox.com/s/efms80efioyn3mt/Political_Economy_European.pdf?dl=0 




 The story about the unqualified main coach for Real Madrid B Team is absolute magic 




 This review, and his review in the Journal of political economy are to of best book reviews I have ever read.

Praising what can be praised, and giving excellent criticisms of what he disagreed with. 

Straighter shooting book reviews, you will not find 




 so if you were managing these facilitators, what performance targets would you set. would take-up rates be included? 

Would you happily employ a facilitator were never persuaded anyone to come to one of these conferences? How would you know they were doing their job if you didn't expect them to deliver anyone to these conferences? 




 But that's what happens. 

Ministry of Justice facilitators have performance agreements and performance targets and among those targets is making sure people show up at restorative Justice conferences. I will know for sure when my official information act request is answered.

You wouldn't last long as restorative justice facilitator if you simply accepted no as an answer to a suggestion to attend at restorative justice conference and ended the call. 

 




 So you want to use victims of crime as unpaid social workers subtly pressured as a friend was by these facilitators to do unpaid social work with criminals. Deterrence of crime is the function of the legal system.

About 2500 of these conferences occur each year which is a small percentage of convictions. 




 How much has the IPCC estimated global warming to reduce GDP? 




 I do not give a toss about the offender. The victim owes them nothing.  




 Does the sentence increase as a result of the restorative justice conference? 

 




 Well if they want to meet with the convicted offender, they are free to contact the police or the court to arrange to do so.

The Ministry of Justice should never contact the victims  that is re-victimisation. 

Enough people complain about the trauma of having to testify in court and be cross examined. Once that is over, the victim should be free to get on with their life and never hear from the court again once they have completed their testimony. after giving their testimony, it is for the victim to decide whether to have further contact with the criminal justice system.

Why is the sentencing deferred pending a restorative justice conference?

If the offender who pled guilty is genuinely remorseful, that remorse will not be contingent on a reduction in sentence because he or she attended a restorative justice conference?

 




 Google Robert Hare: he's the world expert on the psychology of psychopaths. He agrees with you completely. 




 judges are now forced to adjourn all cases after a guilty plea to give Ministry of Justice conference facilitators time to coax offenders and victims to come together. 

I can think of plenty of cases, including the two examples given in the article, with the victim would never want to see or hear of their attacker ever again except that there been sentenced to an appropriate term prison.

People complain about giving evidence in court been a traumatic experience. Imagine having to meet with the offender again so they can pretend to be remorseful. 




 A great summary of everything you wanted to know, but was afraid to ask about Saudi Arabia. Very penetrating questions and good answers. 




 Do you get much business when there is not much snow 




 Once again from the pew research Centre, everything you wanted to discuss about political polarisation but needed data. You now have it. 




 We don't object paying more for a meal at a restaurant at dinner time rather than as lunchtime; the people object to paying more for the taxi late at night where the driver must risk the dangers of night-time work on their own! 




 Is surge pricing another name for over time and night and weekend pay?

Union contracts provide for overtime pay, if you work more than the specified 8 hours a day.

Union contracts also provide that if you work at the weekends you are paid at 150% of the normal rate; and double party on public holidays.

Seems like the travelling public don't like what they's will was very good in union contracts if they were a union member. 




 You can't let facts bugger a good story story.

Australian slang, for the uninitiated 




 yes, the rights of workers are often forgotten. 

yes, the drivers are self-employed, but many employees are paid more if they work in dirty,  and dangerous jobs or bad weather. 




 I have not seen these 1942 reports with newspaper headlines in London before 




 "This paper provides a relatively non-technical survey of theoretical research on the eect of sovereign risk on the market for sovereign debt, with an emphasis on the way sovereign risk constrains the
process of globalization. 

After summarizing the legal environment governing sovereign debt, it discusses the forces that encourage repayment of sovereign debt when legal enforcement is ineffective.  It then reviews the recent literature that examines the quantitative importance of these forces. 

It concludes by discussing a range of institutional changes and policy reforms that might act to further reduce the level of sovereign risk and hence strengthen the process of globalization."
 




 thanks for the link 




 BTW, see http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=343640

Mechanisms of the Slippery Slope Eugene Volokh  UCLA School of Law 




 That slippery slope argument was a favourite of the reactionary right 




 Their ability to believe it all stone cold sober worries me more 




 "Since 1 January 2002, the Tribunal has had the power to declare acts or omissions of:

the legislative, executive or judicial branches of government, or
a person or body that performs any public function, power or duty to be inconsistent with the right to freedom from discrimination, as affirmed by s.19 of the New Zealand Bill of Rights Act 1990.
An act or omission will not be inconsistent with those rights if it's shown to be demonstrably justified in a free and democratic society."

That declaration of the human rights Tribunal plus 61 Votes on the floor of Parliament on an amending bill will get you somewhere

 




 see http://reason.com/archives/2014/03/05/is-marijuana-legalization-illegal for Does Marijuana Legalization Violate International Law? U.N. drug warriors falsely claim that treaties compel U.S. states to ban pot. 




 "All that a court of justice can look to is the parliamentary roll: they see that an Act has passed both Houses of Parliament, and that it has received the royal assent, and no court of justice can inquire into the manner in which it was introduced into Parliament, what was done previously to its being introduced, or what passed in Parliament during the various stages of its progress through both Houses of Parliament."

per Edinburgh   Dalkeith Railway Co v Wauchope (1842) 




 When was the last time a New Zealand Act of Parliament was declared invalid by a court? 




 The constitutional position in New Zealand [...] is clear and unambiguous. Parliament is supreme and the function of the courts is to interpret the law as laid down by Parliament. The courts do not have a power to consider the validity of properly enacted laws

per Rothmans of Pall Mall (NZ) Ltd v A-G [1991] 2 NZLR 323 at 330 (HC) 




 The previous posts do not discuss the arguments submitted to the court as the case unfolded over the course of the day 




 Why is it going to take a three day High Court hearing to establish that Parliament is sovereign and therefore can make or unmake any law whatsoever.

This isn't a matter of statutory interpretation of ambiguous text. 

A specific bill was passed for the sole purpose of stripping sentenced prisoners of their voting rights as one of the consequences of being convicted of a serious crime. 




 The customer is always right. 




 Essay arguing that the Greens are no more than a reincarnation of the 19th century British Tory Radicals with their aristocratic sensibilities that combined strong support for centralised power with a paternalistic concern for the plight of the poor 




 Many a war criminal would go free without the ability to criminalise organisations.

"Joint criminal enterprise" ("JCE") is a mode of liability created by judges on the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia that allows the tribunal to bring charges against members of a group responsible for war crimes or crime against humanity even if there is no evidence that the particular individuals physically participated in the crimes.

Germany prescribed a successor to the Nazi party when it started winning seats in the State and Federal parliaments. 

This party was led by the SS major who was at the centre of the coup attempt in 1944  initially he was ordered to arrest all the Nazi leaders; then Hitler got on the phone to him and he arrested the coup leaders. He was an unrepentant Nazi.


 




 This is a great interview where Samuelson reflects on the state and evolution of modern economics with great impartiality 




 Nice discussion of junk science intruding into legal procedure. Some really crazy theories tend to get believed these days.

Indeed, forensics scientist have to counter the CSI effect: they have to testify before the jury to show that there are a number of things forensic science cannot prove contrary to what you saw on TV 




 I could not agree more. 

I don't know how the media takes seriously after been so wrong so many times but as Richard Posner said in his book, public intellectuals, the media standard for public intellectuals is pretty low. 




 To undo election, disputed votes must exceed winning margin, of 18000 




 Yes, apparently 




 That claim has more legs than arguing an Act of parliament is invalid. NZ Parliament is sovereign. 




 Video killed the radio star 




 Nice article showing that there's nothing new under the sun in terms of moral panic about technology displacing jobs. Comes up every 20 years 




 Just to show that there is nothing new under the sun regarding moral panic about technological unemployment 




 This matter needs to be settled once and for all. I agree with the article. 




 Great summary about the strong role of demand in the collapse of oil prices as well as the glut in supply 




 Rather true, and those claiming a personal beliefs exemption tend to be from the richer suburbs in  California 




  according to government statistics, the information sector of the economywhich includes publishing, software, data services, and telecomhas barely grown since the late eighties, even though weve seen an explosion in the amount of information and data that individuals and businesses consume 




 Sadly, most people would dance on the grave of your admitted error and use it to totally discredit you.

Politicians never admit error because it will be used again and again against them in the future. Oddly enough, in politics, admitting error is a sign of weakness. 




 One of the purposes of John Rawls' veil of ignorance and Buchanan and Tullock's veil of  uncertainty is that the basic social institutions be designed when we have abstracted from the grubby particulars of our own self-interest.

Behind the veil of ignorance and the veil of uncertainty, we would all agree that resources are limited, including in the health sector and some drugs can't be funded  choices must be made.

Once we go in front of the veil of ignorance and find out that we are the one missing out on that drug, naturally, our views will change.

Is always the case that someone just falls on the other side of any line in the sand. If you move that line, there is always another set of people who are just on the other side. 




 I have updated my post and discussed how your response is straight out of Yes Minister. I also repositioned my comments as replies to you so that the thread makes more sense 




 When a scientist makes an error, he admits it. That is what Richard Tol did.

Do have a problem with scientists admitting that they make errors? Do you praise them, or criticise them for their scientific honesty? 




 I notice you do what bureaucrats to an focus on error rather than the main thrust of an argument.
You completely ignore this part of what I posted because it's inconvenient to you:
"The recent IPCC report found that the temperature rise that we are expected to see sometime around 2055-2080 will create a net cost of 0.2-2% of GDP. The UK, Japan, and the US wanted this rewritten or stricken.
The IPCC report showed that strong climate policies would be more expensive than claimed as well  costing upwards of 4% of GDP in 2030, 6% in 2050, and 11% by 2100." 




 Poor people of the USA are eligible for Medicaid, those over 65 are eligible for Medicare, poor children are eligible for CHIPS, 




 You are very correct in what you say with Pharmac making sure that its limited budget stretches further.

Expensive drugs with marginal impacts require tough choices, and some people don't like to face up to those choices.
 




 This LSE link is an affirmation of doorknocking. It is consistent with the economic concept of expressive voting.

Models of expressive voting postulate that voters consume ideological or moral stances on issues by voting for them, even when they are against the voters own narrow self interest. Expressive voting is more likely if the probability of being a decisive voter is low - the election is not close.

People vote to express certain beliefs. Voting gives a sense of identity and purpose. Expressive voting is equated to cheering for sporting teams. People vote in ways that cheer for good things and boo at bad thing.

This is why higher income people vote Green  this allows them to feel good about themselves (and perhaps then get on with climbing the greasy pole After cleansing themselves with a morally attuned vote).

Another way to find identity and purpose is to vote for a particular candidate because he asked you personally - you're doing him a favour. Good people do favours and listen to arguments and personal appeals. 




 Yes, Penn and teller persuaded environmental rally activists to sign a petition to ban H2O 




 A masterly roundup of the origins of office speak, which we all hate if we have any fight left in us. 




 Nice story about the last holdouts to vaccination 




 A nice summary of the political psychology of partisan divide.

The drawback of these studies as with others is that a particular focus on the fact that people's voting patterns changes they get older, they get more conservative.

They often lack a gender analysis: women are much more likely to change their vote than men depending on whether they are single, married, a single parent or recently divorced. This vote switching is driven by the demand for social insurance in different family circumstances. 




 Isn't the correct course of action. A complaint to the police? It's a job of the police to investigate allegations such as this.
 




 The 10 answers will surprise you as to what someone on the margins of society might choose behind the veil of ignorance 

Richard Epstein said similar things, but in less detail in his brilliant obituary for John Rawls about 10 years ago on just what happens when you take a degree of political realism about self-interest in human institutions with you behind the veil of ignorance 




 A nice summary of the history of religious exemption giving the twists and turns in simple language 




 A nice study showing that crop by crop yields of organic farming are inferior to those of the comparable conventional farming 




 Documents the latest depths of medical quackery 




 Another excellent discussion from Vanity fair of a Euro crisis country, in this case, Greece and the terrible corruption and inefficiency in that country 




 An excellent essay In Vanity fair showing how the incompetent interventions of Irish politicians worsened the financial crisis tenfold 




 An excellent essay showing how the incompetent interventions of Irish politicians worsened the financial crisis tenfold 




 A superb roundup of the issues with some really great graphics 




 So many four way races in England, perhaps five way with the Greens, and the Scottish nationalists likely to sweep Scotland, no one knows how the next election is going to turn out.

Anyone winning a majority would be a surprise because Labour has lost its buffer of Scottish seats that would have delivered a majority when the right was divided.
 




 In his influential book, Capital in the 21st Century, Thomas Piketty argues forcefully that rising wealth and wealth inequality is an inherent characteristic of capitalist economies and calls for strong policy responses, in particular a substantial wealth tax implemented globally. 

This paper takes issue with the facts, logic, and policy conclusions in Pikettys book, suggesting that the factors needed to support the inexorable rise in capitals share and concentration are lacking and that among tax policy reforms aimed at dealing with economic inequality a wealth tax finds little support either in Pikettys own work or elsewhere in the literature. 




 In his influential book, Capital in the 21st Century, Thomas Piketty argues forcefully that rising wealth and wealth inequality is an inherent characteristic of capitalist economies and calls for strong policy responses, in particular a substantial wealth tax implemented globally. 

This paper takes issue with the facts, logic, and policy conclusions in Pikettys book, suggesting that the factors needed to support the inexorable rise in capitals share and concentration are lacking and that among tax policy reforms aimed at dealing with economic inequality a wealth tax finds little support either in Pikettys own work or elsewhere in the literature. 




 All is revealed by just asking two questions about what you think your partner thinks 




 see http://utopiayouarestandinginit.com/2015/01/20/rothbard-on-conspiracy-theory/  




 See http://www.fao.org/organicag/oa-faq/oa-faq5/en/ on why organic is more expensive 




 Why not just invest in these farms then? BTW, is organic food cheaper to buy in the super? 




 Recessions harm the bottom of the income ladder much more than the middle or top.

In recessions, the unemployment rate of University graduates doubles to 4%.

The unemployment rates of less well-paid workers doubles to 10%.

That is why low income groups stand to gain the most from a more stable business cycle.
 




 Source: Bryan Perry, Household incomes in New Zealand: Trends in indicators of inequality and hardship 1982 to 2013. Ministry of Social Development (July 2014) at https://www.msd.govt.nz/about-msd-and-our-work/publications-resources/monitoring/household-incomes/ 

These reports have been put out for some 10 or more years under the governments drawn by both sides of the house, written by Bryan Perry.

These reports he writes of the statistical bible of income and poverty in New Zealand. His reports is written with the relevant statistics using public and unit record data.

The facts are: gini coefficient has not increased in New Zealand for 20 years, the share of the top 1% have not increased for 20 years, child poverty is the same as it was 20 years ago, income increases over the last 20 years of been spread fairly evenly across all 10 income deciles.

All of these results are in his 235 page report with most of the key diagrams in his summary. 




 Organic has a larger carbon footprint. Check for yourself. 




 We live in the age of human capital 




 Do you mean the human capital that makes up 70% plus of all wealth. Human capital was valued at $800 billion plus in NZ by Li and Gibson 




 It costs a lot more and is no more nutritious or healthy 




 Labor input growth during the recovery of the U.S. economy from the Great Recession of 20082009 has been considerably lower than expected. A number of scholars have attributed this disappointing outcome to the prospect of higher taxes, induced by the fiscal imbalances that will materialize in coming decades under current policies.

The paper finds that the empirical relevance of the fiscal sentiment hypothesis depends on whether this Frisch elasticity of labor supply is closer to the relatively large values needed to account for the observed volatility of labor input at business cycle frequencies, than to the lower values estimated by microeconomic and quasi-experimental studies. 




 Nice discussion of how people take medical advice from celebrities 




 Best review of two best books on family for some time 




 No one elected, but vote doubled in electorates when higher up ballot paper relative to liberal party 




 Same effect in recent state election 




 See http://www.buzzfeed.com/johnekdahl/14-principled-anti-war-celebrities-we-fear-may-hav-a1x1?s=mobile 




 Yes, that is mentioned in the link 




 His speech was paraphrased in a recent film because copyright from his  estate is licensed to two other studios 




 Obama won the 2008 election, so the anti-war Democrats retired from the field and the rump of the movement was lacking both resources and people.

The anti-war Democrats followed an old rule in politics: your real mates vote for you when you are wrong
 




 Disutopic films also cheaper to make 




 Very good point 




 Anyone studied its economic implications? 




 Study of why differences over the practicality of solutions can lead people to trivialise the problem as part of the cut and thrust of political rhetoric. 




 Great link. Haven't seen this blog before. Excellent. 




 Yes, you are quite correct about selective use of econometrics of some Austrian School economists 




 Sorry. Didn't know. 




 Yes, that has me intrigued too 




 Excellent point 




 Until the late 1990s, there were so few Austrian economists that a convention of them would not have to book ahead to get enough seats at a restaurant. 




 Mankiw wrote his PhD on menu costs and still publishes in the New Keynesian tradition. See his sticky price manifesto, papers on sticky Information and criticism of RBC 




 I stopped watching the Discovery Channel some years ago because its content was not very good. That was before I knew they were making it up in some cases. 




 Yes. Many gangs have prison based leaders. But the murders driven by turf battles is down.

 




