 That is also the first time I've have seen Moamer as a spelling for his first name. 




 When will the system work this well when it comes to banksters? 




 The Tass story has not been confirmed by any other source including Exxon. 




 The unanswered question was which was the better band, the kazoo players or the Eagles? 




 Since you do not recognize scientific racial designations, I don't think this discussion has anyplace to go. 




 Nigeria may be on the African continent but it is nearly 3000 miles from Cape Town or 200 miles longer than the distance form Miami Florida to Seattle Washington. 




 Native Americans can use whatever name they want to describe themselves but Caucasians and others should have the decency not to use racial stereotypes or slurs. 




 Thanks for adding the pirate's point of view. 




 I had not realized the size and scope of the lair. 




 I agree except Obama's underground lair is in Kenya not Hawaii. 




 You don't have to make a separate database, just redact the fields that ID the cameras. This is done on many databases which are released that contain private information (i.e. SS numbers). 




 No. It is hard to report on a country when there are very few foreign reporters to get the news out. There is very little chance that foreign reporters will go to Yemen now because of the danger. 




 Facts don't mix with conspiracy theories. 




 WesternJournalism.com

WesternJournalism.com is a blogging platform built for conservative, libertarian, free market and pro-family writers and broadcasters by the Western Center for Journalism (WCJ).

The platform hosts hundreds of bloggers, and our content is widely distributed using social media. In 2013 WesternJournalism.com grew by 103% and served 41,486,142 page views to 13,479,014 unique visitors.

New blogs are able to be successfully launched using the platform because of the large audience actively served.

Western Center for Journalism

The Western Center for Journalism was founded in 1991 by Journalist Joseph Farah. Since 2007 the WCJ has been led by columnist and veteran broadcaster Floyd Brown.

WCJ is a vigorous watchdog that reports on government corruption and abuse. The Center is a strong defender of the 1st Amendment and believes strongly in open public debate. We believe that informed public debate requires quality journalism and reporting.

Our website, www.westernjournalism.com, is the place to go and read news exposing government corruption and media bias. Sign up for our daily e-mail updates so that you too can spread the message and hold government at every level, accountable.

Mission

Our mission is to inform and equip Americans who love freedom.

 




 When will we see this on /r/conspiracy. 




 Yes, but the area in which Ebola outbreak is taking place isn't where the most sophisticated medicine is practiced in Africa. 




 Except, in Africa with some of the worst health care in the world, [the mortality rate is scantly above 50%.](http://www.businessinsider.com/r-death-toll-in-west-africa-ebola-epidemic-reaches-2622-who-2014-9) 




 After over 70 years secret from Nazi death camps are still being revealed. The question is why no one looked under the road for a gas chamber before now. 




 No for Calpers but for some of these hedge funds it may have some impact. 




 The history of the civil war is still being written 150 years after the guns stopped firing. 




 Banksters didn't stop committing crimes in 2008. 




 What jobs skills does a fast food worker gain that is transferable to another industry besides learning to come to work on time. 




 Maybe now banksters will go to jail for the financial crimes they commit. This may be wishful thinking but we have to hope. 




 All well and good if both sides have the money to get their message across. However, when those making false statements can outspend those with the truth by 10, 20 or a hundred times there is a need for the government to intervene. 




 I guess aerial combat missions are not a strategy. 




 These bombing are not the work of socialists but anarchists. 




 No, Exxon was just starting to work on a new oil field in partnership with a Russian energy company. 




 This is a great victory for historians who will have the ability to access  these documents.  




 Chomsky is trying to make headlines. There is no way he really believes this. He is using hyperbole to make a point. 




 Even a broken clock is right twice a day. 




 One case is not widespread fraud. Voter fraud is rare at best. There have been almost no cases of fraud involving same day registration even in states that allow registration on Election Day. 




 You can not be serious. If the UN is a terrorist organization then what is ISIS? 




 I don't remember a single case of fraud related to golden week. 




 This is a legitimate source please go there and look. It posts stories with permission from major news sources just like Yahoo news. 




 The story is from the AP. Do you have a problem with the source? 




 Would the GOP run this ad with a man in pants? NO. Republicans are clearly making an issue that the Congress member is a women.   




 I guess if you're part of the majority and don't care about minority rights there is nothing to worry about. 




 The problem here is not that fast food workers will make a living wage, 40K, but that college profs are worth more than 50K a year. 




 I don't know where you are from by homes of felons do not get confiscated by the state in the US. 

In this case all Palestinians involved or not lose their land and the vast, vast majority had no hand in this action. That is collective punishment. 




 Another little known piece of history is uncovered in looking back at the robber baron era. 




 That doesn't seem surprising. 




 You may starve if you eat this stuff everyday. 




 AP always does that. 




 I suggest you read the story. The headline is the first sentence. 




 Better known as collective punishment. 




 First you send the the country into the Great Recession. Then the government bails out your company so that it is now profitable. Finally you feel wronged and sue the government for $25 billion. That is a new level of crass capitalism. Greenberg should have been jailed with all the other banksters. 




 And to show their appreciation for this sweetheart deal the furniture company donated to Gov. Walker's re-election campaign. Keep moving nothing to see here. 




 Isn't it amazing how regulators allowed the utility to build in an active earthquake zone. 




 Remember Alabama's state slogan "At least we are not Mississippi." 




 The US constitution is not suspended for those who enter this country by extra-legal means. If that was true, we would have a two tiered legal system one for citizens and one for non-citizens. The injustice of such a setup would totally eviscerate the Constitutional protections for both groups. 




 I have to take issue with the word "going" in your headline. 




 A first small step but change many times happens in small steps. 




 Thanks for remembering this wonderful Twilight Zone episode. 




 Police still play the role of enforcing the law. The difference is the number of guns in the US. 




 September 11th. 




 Thanks, you are now on mine. 




 By the way Happy Cake Day. 




 Too big to fail, too big to jail. 




 Jail, they don't need no stinking jail. /s 




 How about an MRAP with a police officer in full riot gear on top aiming a military sniper rifle on the crowd. 




 Authorities previously banned the march and threatened to block the BBC Russian service over an interview with an organiser.

Please read the article to get to links to earlier stories about this struggle in Siberia. 




 The blue wall was in place local before police forces were unionized. Don't take due process as the reason the police are not held to account for their actions. That is a failure on the part of police leadership. 




 I don't think police unionization has anything to do with the militarization of the police agencies. Police forces added all these "toys" because they were free or had a minimal cost.

Unions have helped police forces not to use arbitrarily actions to remove officers who do not believe in the consensus opinion of their bosses. Unionization has helped keep dissenting voices on the force. 




 Brilliance is not a hallmark of bank robbers. 




 I think austerity during a recession or debt crisis tends to have some minimal effect in the short term but bring about larger problems long term. 




 Our economy is way larger than Spain's. So it is a big deal. 




 The Libertarian answer: lower taxes and lower spending has been a long-term failure in most western countries that have tried it. The answer for Spain's economy is not to strangle it. 




 It is always amazing to see hidden stories get rediscovered. WWI was 100 years ago and we still are discovering new stories. 




 The situation in Ferguson is getting out of hand. The local police are no longer in control. It looks like St. Louis County police are now in charge and they have a much different attitude than the locals. 




 Sorry your file has been lost - FBI 




 The source for this story is suspect. 




 It shouldn't be. 




 A real Nigerian 419 scam.

Edit: 1.2 billion Nigerian Naira equals a little over $7.4 million 




 Thanks for posting this. [Here is another memorial page](http://org.salsalabs.com/o/2426/t/0/blastContent.jsp?email_blast_KEY=1304256), this one from Buffalo Field Campaign. 




 You mean Kansas may have violated its own law. I'm shocked. /s 




 The Ebola outbreak is not just getting out of control.It has been out of control for months in parts of Africa. What you seem to be saying it has begun to spread from Africa to the rest of the world. 




 Take a look at [world maps from the 20th century](http://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/cabinetpapers/documents/maps-in-time.pdf) to see how it was national liberation struggles not internal coups that shaped the world in the early part of the 20th century. 




 They must consider Ghandi's political activities as a coup. 

The reality is between 1901 and 1960 is the era of national liberation. That is the period in which former colonial nations sought independence from there colonizers. To use this era as a baseline to compare with later eras is a false comparison. 




 Documents tell a story of corporate complicity with the murderous Brazilian junta. While corporate support for South American dictatorship is not unheard of, the proof it happened helps reveal how money determines corporate human rights policies.  




 This diary sheds light on one of the dark corners of history. A written account of what was happening in Cambodia as it was happening is a great find for historians. 




 Will they have to wear an ankle bracelet?  




 There is room for both stories. 




 I didn't question the facts but the source and the analysis. 




 That is the expectation. Maybe the voice recording aren't included in the black box system? 




 Who knew? 




 I would have no problem with all states having to get preclearance with special attention to those places with past records of clear discrimination. 




 Using a breitbart.com story to talk about Fox News and TV ratings is like using /r/socialism to talk about income inequality. 




 From 1975-1978 Pol Pot and friends were Maoists who committed genocide on their own people, no later conversion can change that fact. 




 This may not have gone unnoticed locally but has certainly not been a world story. 




 Thanks, you are correct 




 Are you saying mines can't operate without causing massive damage to the environment? 




 1.3 billion gallons of water polluting an area of Canada. No big deal.
Hundreds losing drinking water. Not a big enough tragedy. /s 




 Would you drink water in Toledo even though the government has said it is OK? That's what I thought. 




 You are why Reddit is a special place. 




 WV, NC, Ohio the questions about industrial pollution of our drinking water is becoming a worldwide scandal. 




 No. This is not  a science blog. It is a progressive blog. 




 Even a broken clock is right twice a day. 




 Franklin Park Conservatory 




 By the way we rank about 30th as a Metro area while being the 15th largest city. 




 Thanks for fixing that. 




 Keep dreaming.  




 Isn't the name, Republicans? 




 The 100th anniversary of the beginning of WWI has lead to an extensive reexamination of the war and its ramifications. 




 Thank you. I told that to the mods but they never really answered 




 I never mentioned Muslims. I think the story is important that is why I posted it with a disclaimer. 




 It seems the Nigerian army is not up to the task of taking on Boko Haram. 




 I'm not sure this is the way things happened but dozens of Uighars are dead in northwest China. 




 I was at the game. 9 




 This is a 69 year old story being told by a participant. It continues to show the history of WWII is still being revealed.  




 Happy cake day. Where is your cute kitty picture? 




 $370 million dollar fine for manipulating the world's banking system, where is the justice? Who is going to jail? 




 To the oil industry any day ending in "y" is an exceptional circumstance. 




 The only way to build a third or fourth party is not to abandon the two parties but to build local party organizations and work our way up. By abandoning one of the two parties on the national level is to give the party you like the least your vote. Until we build a new party locally we are stuck on a national level with what we have. 




 I have always wondered why fines and penalties for corporate malfeasance are not at least equal to the profit made by the company. I know companies write these laws but where is the public outrage and demand for equal justice 




 So it is the Palestinians faulted for protesting not the Israelis fault for shooting.  




 I used the first sentence of the story. Is that OK?  




 The ban of NBC preceded the establishment of /r/NBCnews. CBS News is also banned. 




 $3.3 million is not enough. Where are the criminal charges? The resignations? The firings? 




 We can't stop attacks on Dodd-Frank. How are we going to pass Glass-Steagall? 




 That is certainly not a reason to kill Dodd-Frank. Like any law it may need tweeks but all the GOP wants to do is kill it. Is it worth $100 an appraisal to you to kill a major piece of financial regulation? 




 The study can be found [here.](http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2446950) 




 That theory works a lot of the time but it didn't in 2008 when Barack Obama beat the better known Hillary Clinton. 




 [China Dynasty in the Lane Ave. Shopping Center](http://www.chinadynasty-cmh.com/)

EDIT: To include link 




 Opening up the UN archive on WWII will allow tens of thousands of people including scholars and historians easy access to important files. While there may not be any great revelation, the release of this many records may help show patterns that were not seen before. 




 That says more about the GOP than about Romney. 




 I don't disagree with your assessment and I don't think Falcone has a chance in hell to win this lawsuit. 




 Actually it was the other way around. the GPS bands were migrating into LightSquared spectrum. LightSquared problem is they were trying to stop or block that migration. The government considered their efforts as a threat to the current GPS system. 




 It is always important to see new footage from WW1. The digitization project is bringing WW1 images out of library stacks onto the internet. 




 I'm surprised it took so long for some in South Florida to realize Rubio's failings. 




 That may be true for the Kurds in Iraq but those in Turkey have been fighting for decades for a free and independent Kurdistan which would include them. 




 Sounds good but the Turkish government has been opposed to a Kurdish state. The Turks believe any Kurdish homeland will try to incorporate large parts of eastern Turkey which has a substantial Kurdish population. 




 Here is the [press release from Senator Cruz.](http://www.cruz.senate.gov/?p=press_release id=1502) 




 Here is a story about the [Cambridge 5](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-cambridgeshire-28143770) from the newly disclosed documents. 




 Oops. Sorry for the error in the headline. The demo was planned for Richmond VA. 




 It is amazing those who call for IDs for voting do not want a national ID card. The truth is the ID is just a smoke screen to limit voting of those that some people find undeserving to have the right to vote. 




 Then why not a national ID card for all these purposes? 




 The release of 19 boxes of KGB documents is a major contribution to the history of Russian intelligence in the last years of the Soviet Union. 




 Voters need an ID but I'm sure you oppose a national ID. 




 You would think. However, when it comes to holding the right accountable there always seems to be a double standard.  




 It's called Larry Craig syndrome. 




 The words "profoundly troubled" were taken verbatim from the State Department's official statement. 




 The role of Poland in breaking the enigma code is often left out of the history books. On the 75th anniversary of an historic meeting in Polish and British codebreakers this history is being rediscovered. 




 It's amazing how often banks are forced against their will to help others break the law. /s 




 Logic. They don't use no stinking logic. 




 The article clearly states it was written by AFP. By the way here is a picture from [AFP of one of the houses burning.](https://twitter.com/AFP/status/483760527886151680)
 




 Thanks for your firsthand account. 




 AFP is one of the three top world news agencies.

Your description of Arabs in this comment is racist. Please keep your comments civil and unoffensive. 




 Guilty before being proven innocent. 




 War is not good for archaeological sites. 




 Unfortunately Cheney hopes this is true, so the stain of 9/11 will be removed from his tarnished legacy.  




 Historical preservation should not be an afterthought to development. Placing electrical power lines in sight of the Jamestown Island is like placing electrical lines through Yellowstone Park. 




 To Congress this is tantamount to cruel and unusual punishment. 




 That is just one reason to ban drones. 




 And the House Ethics Committee finally decided to actually do their job by making a finding of wrongdoing.  




 Wnd.com is not a reliable source for world news. 




 Actual runs are unusual because banking officials usually step in before a run starts. Once a run starts it can bring down an entire country's banking system. 




 What is it about former Bush administration official's inability to say they were wrong or admit they made a mistake? 




 So you support the possibly unannounced dropping of pepper spray on groups of people demonstrating? Especially if done by private parties? 




 Bottom of page 16 




 If you don't think Cantor's religion played a role in his defeat, you're  dreaming. 




 Bachmann on an intelligence committee is an oxymoron. 




 In some cases money is returned to the injured parties but a portion is penalty paid to the government. It depends on the terms of the settlement or the jury decision. 




 But the judge's ruling has embolden the anti-tenure diehards.  




 The story was picked up by Talking Points Memo on Monday and subsequently blew up on Reddit, where tales of Congressional corruption  particularly involving Republicans  are catnip 




 It is wrong and illegal for Congresspeople to take money in exchange for their vote. That is the law. 




 Best Congress money can buy. 




 It is a quid pro quo and illegal. 




 OP says oops. 




 I don't think this case is about public school personnel but about corrupt officials. We know that a number of private/religious school officials are just as corrupt as public school administrators. 




 Oops. My mistake. I have reposted the article from the original source. 




 The idea the soldiers were playing games in the trenches is a fascinating look at WW1. The diaries which talk about these 'sports' were recently released in the UK. 




 I hope you are not saying that the Nazis didn't target Jews.  




 Real change takes years and lots of blood sweat and tears. Those who fought for this sea change are real heroes. 




 We don't have to hang them. I'd just like to see a couple go to jail. If that happened a couple of times see how fast banks would get their houses in order. 




 The GOP's rhetoric has been the Tea Party is in retreat. Tuesday's results show the Republican meme is not holding up. 




 The number has soared from the early reports but I don't know that we have reached a final death toll. 




 These guys were not rocket scientists they are nuclear engineers. 




 It is on the front page of r/worldnews. If you think this story should be on other sites, post stories on those sites. 




 This was a very early story. There was no attempt to downplay the number of dead or missing. 




 I chose the first sentence of the story because it added detail if clumsily.  




 Just give it a rest. This is about the death of hundreds of Turks not about US politics. 




 That would be totally tragic. I'm just hoping an early news report like this is not accurate. 




 Do you think the US would have brought criminal charges against the company? I think not. 




 I guess you know of a bunch of jobs that no one else knows about. People take the jobs that are available if they pay $15/hr great. If not that one they take the one that pays only $7/hr.  




 That seems to be the opinion of a good number of redditors. I wished these people would work at a low paying job, as their only income without help from anyone else, before they make some of their insensitive comment. 




 The story has changed since it was originally posted. I'm thinking of deleting the story and reposting with the new headline and story. 




 An increase in the minimum wage usually means higher wages for many people whose wages are just above the new minimum. 




