




 Wow, can I just say how bad ass spencer was tonight, not taking no for an answer. Im so glad that aria apologized to Hannah and they made up. As for mama Montgomery, I feel so bad for her, she just can catch a break. I swear if tonight wasnt foreshadowing a twin theory, then its not going to happen at all. I believe Noel when he says that Alison was never kidnapped. When he says that our friend likes to through away people when shes done using them I think hes referring to A. So if this is true, is A a woman. Im so proud of Hanna for ditching the booze and I have to say it was hot when Caleb stood up for his girl. I love Travis but haleb is growing on me again. I still dont trust Alison and highly doubt that she even knows this guy in custody. We will soon see.
 









 I dont know what upsets me more about the ending of that episode, honestly... that Malia and Stiles are going through a rough patch, which will probably lead to Malia hanging out with Peter! or the people who will use that fight to tinhat Stiles and Derek even harder! or that the people who will use that fight to tinhat Stiles and Lydia even harder.......!!!
 




 Loved this:  See, every time I have given you the benefit of the doubt, it bites me in the ass.
Dale Barbara 




 I just loved Lena`s words so much!
'nothings permanent. not the trees, not the mountains, not us. not even our sadness. i keep thinking about the fact that no matter what happens during the night, every morning the sun comes up. again and again.' 




 I know shes going through some stuff, but Daphne needs to be smacked in the head. Bay needs to tell her that its not Reginas fault. Shits getting annoying.
 














 I liked her when she was innocent and trying to help...afterwards she became a dumb bitch as you well pointed out 




 yeah but the writers made her talk and act like a retard slut sometimes...and that`s why she lost her initial character role 




 yeah me too...i liked her the first 2 seasons..or 3..after that...she began to really annoy me 




 I`ve only watched 10 min of the first episode and it didn`t make an impression on me...I believe it`s kinda like Lost...you think you will find something out every episode...but you don`t...and you don`t really know anything as seasons pass by.... 









 I haven`t watched it, I just wanted some opinions to make up my mind! Thanks for your reply! 




