 That needs to be a thing. 




 I use them as mini posters 




 Its my birthday too and I share a similar problem.  Happy birthday 




 I love N.H.K 




 Thank you 




 Thank you. I really needed someone to say something.  




 Anti-Flag. They may have started in the nineties but, they are still going strong In my opinion.  




 I'm actually on episode 4 and so far its ok. I hope it picks up. 




 Please help. 




 Thank you. I'm also a bit new to this sub reddit so I didn't know. 




 Exactly, that's how i feel. 




 Master of Medals be pulling your stings. -medallica 




 Yea that's what I thought. Since it evolves and has an egg.  




 This may be a stupid question but is Volcarona a legendary. You do encounter it like a legendary Pokemon but... 




 Oh.... 









 They need to make it for android... 




 That's really cool. You made it? 




 Thanks dude. I actually really like these. 




 I can't find any good Rakdos wallpapers,  can someone help? 




 Ok. I have been playing for about 2 months. Got all the basics and im actually decent. Recently I got Obzedat Ghost council and I need help with a deck to use it in. I was going to throw it into my exalted deck till I get more cards but I really need a deck type that works with it. Please help 




 Thanks dude! Helps a lot. Ill have to get some return to ravnica too. 




 Oh. So I probably should have gotten return to ravnica first. What guilds are in that? 




 Im pretty new to magic.  I've been playing for about 2 months. Today I decided to order a fat pack for gatecrash. Can anybody give me a better understanding of the set. I already know all the basics of magic and such I just want to know a bit more about gatecrash. I only know that it works with multi colored cards 




 YES
I made this post a month ago but no one remembered it. I used to love this game. 




 I'm not sure if i should watch them or not. Do they have any meaning or importance. Please respond!! 




 Pokemon Stadium. 99 Stocks. Only Item Pokeballs. That or the Earthbound Stage. 




 Orion would fit it better. 




