 PSWii60, though I didn't get the 360 until really late. 




 Put me down for "Sony Fanboy"...

I had/have a PlayStation, PS1, PS2, PS3, PSP, Vita, and PS4.

Plus a VAIO laptop and the Playstation 3D display. 




 Nope. There is a frame  or two of the blade touching the skin of her belly, which is enough to fix in the idea that you saw the knife penetrate the body. It never did on camera.

Hitchcock was a fucking master of cinematography. 




  Could I get in trouble for that?

Little bit, probably. 




 There is Direct Deposit, but a lot of bosses hate using it for some stupid reason. 




 I never saw it, but people remember things wrong sometimes. 

Many people swear they saw the girl get stabbed in Psycho, even though Hitchcock never showed the penetration of the knife.

I'm not saying this is the case here, but they *might* have remembered a referenced action without having seen it. 




 I see $918 total, and that tells me that pirates probably wouldn't even bother uploading it. 




 Well, Cash is still King, but checks between trusted parties are not a bad thing.

But, if you *don't* have a relationship, you don't take a check. 




 It is becoming less and less necessary, but many businesses here still prefer to use paper checks. 




 You can get to work on making that mod, for it says in the good book...

OP will surely deliver. 




 Meant you.

I assumed that you meant to use cocaine or weed to get out of your money troubles. Because snorting cocaine will not help that at all. 




 While you are clearly joking, it may be the right movie.

There is a scene where Doc has to deliver a baby (which would qualify as doing stuff to the vagina). 




 In regard to the real world, we have a number of competing companies, including CPL and TXU. And they do advertise. 




 I got the joke, but there were so many people ducking the pope's dick, it was like they forgot that he can't run.  




 Thankfully, it is mostly political idiots that claim global warming will cause any sort of short term flooding situation...

But it should be noted that according the the US Geological Survey, we are in an expected period of warming, which in previous Epochs have caused sea levels to rise up to 20 meters beyond the current levels. Soon, in that context could be 1000 years.

Would a 20 meter rise in sea level be devestating to a low-lying city, like New Orleans? Yes. Beyond yes.

Can we do anything about it? No. We can only move away from the shores.

It is mostly alarmists that make specific claims about short term effects of global warming. But that warming is happening, with or without us. When the glaciers have finally melted, then the Earth starts to bounce back and cool off again, and in about 20,000 years or so, our descendants (should they still be around) will be complaining how their technologies are causing more and more ice to form. 




 Easy there, Satan. 




 Bot dropped the ball...

Exegesis (/ksdiss/; from the Greek  from  'to lead out') is a critical explanation or interpretation of a text, particularly a religious text. 




 I think being anti-abortion is much more reasonable than being anti-gay.

Gay people don't *usually* kill babies. ("Usually", because someone will prove me wrong if I make that an absolute statement).

But abortion *usually* kills unborn children, with the only real question is when it is considered a child. 




 I'm sorry, but the scientists that claim stupid shit like "we are going to be flooded by melting ice caps within 20 years" lose all credibility as scientists.

The climate change issue is political. The people calling for climate change reform are the ones making it political.

Seriously, you want to get the rank and file republicans to take "green initiatives"? Stop fucking calling at a green initiative! Talk about how much money can be saved if X technology is used over Y. Talk about how renewable energies can be harnessed. Talk about how the fossil fuels will run out, and we'll have to come up with something for *that* reason.

Leave the craziness at home. 




 And doing the exact opposite. 




 I'm surprised no one mentioned that fact that Francis can never be the VP. 




 Because it is a good question.

In this case, if the killings were racially motivated (as it seems they are), then he killed the kids because he hates blacks. Old or young, it doesn't matter.

If there is a different motivation, then there could be any number of reasons why he would attack children.

The scary part about all this is that he attacked a church.

I'm not religious, but when people go to church, they expect to be safe. Even when the sex scandals were at their peak, parents felt save with their children there. It is a sanctuary, in much more than the religious sense. People like this violate that basic security. 




 They should use that with any check size and catch people that try to avoid the system. 




 Do not send the money.

Leave the money in your account and contact the FBI for further investigation. Tell them that you stupidly cashed a cashiers check and they want you to send the money elsewhere.

Have no further contact with the scammer. 




 I think he meant selling it, not smoking it. 




 My friend, I feel you completely. I'm much in the same boat.

Going over to fast food and retail is a pay raise, and the bosses here refuse to understand that. 




 I don't know why, but I like heroes that shift around their powers. They are simultaneously able to handle anything, yet still end up with vulnerability. 




 No, not a joke.

Clickbait.

We all were hoping to see the Dark Knight in place of Cloud's figure. 




 That's what kills me... ^^^^a ^^^^knife ^^^^to ^^^^the ^^^^chest...

Civil disobedience is where you break the law to protest the law.

You can and will be arrested for an act of civil disobedience, the difference will be how the public, jury, and media will see it.

Woman walks around without a top? She'll be given at best a fine, and we'll all talk about letting women go topless.

Black people sit at a restaurant counter where the owner only serves whites? They're heroes (but will still probably be in jail for it).

Kill a man because you think it's your right to kill a man? You'll probably be committed to an institute for the Criminally Insane. 




 I imagine a lot of deck swabbing. 




 No one anymore, thanks to the razor blade scare.

They used to give out candied apples, popcorn balls, or other handmade candies.

The scare was probably encouraged by the Mars company.  




 That is an interesting formation.

Pulling other ants to help pull the load implies a basic understanding of tool use. (If I want to help pull on this object, I can pull on something attached to it, instead of pulling on the object itself.) 




 My vote is for having some fun on camera...

... as a magician's assistant. 




 That's racist. 




 Yeah, they definitely made Bon-Bon, er... Sweetie Drops seem to be in that kind of a relationship with Lyra. 




 Just where are you going to get a *whole* bitcoin?  




 How do you not know these things before you have sex with her? 




 Actually... gravity is a force. What we think of as the rules which govern how gravity is exerted is a theory.

Evolution is a fact. The understanding of how evolution occurs and the path it took to reach mankind is a theory.

A theory is not a guess. It is an educated framework that may or may not include guesses. 




 To give actual information on the bus system...

The buses here run between 30 and 60 minutes between buses during the week, covering the vast majority of the city with 1-2 transfers.

Bus routes run from 6ish to 9ish, with some outliers.

Sunday, you may as well take a cab. Half of the routes don't run, and many run as far as 90 minutes apart.

Seriously, as someone who doesn't drive, if you can drive - do it.

As for the issue of the livability in the city, rent will be a minimum of $525 for most places, upwards of $1000 or more in others. If you make anywhere near minimum wage ($10.00/hr or less), you will need a roommate or second earner. 




 Uber is here, man. 




 This is true. And the sheer number of accidents that occur due to one fault or another is proof of that.

Computer errors and glitches, brake failures... I even heard of some cars accelerating on their own.

The point is that no matter what we do to remove humans from the driving equation, human error will still play one of the biggest parts in fatal crashes. 




 I'm sure things will go just fine. The last thing she needs is worry. 




 No, it's a valid question if you don't know much about the precedure. Don't feel bad. 




 As long as the dental surgeon and anesthesiologist did everything properly, and the anesthetic was not defective, there is no liability for the death.

It's just a freak occurance, and would be covered by life insurance as an accident. 




 The good news is that the condition this poor girl was stricken with is relatively rare. There is little need to worry.

One thing we can do to prevent this is to only get wisdom teeth extractions if it is medically necessary.  




 According to the article, she in fact had complications from the anesthesia, which activated an undiagnosed heart condition and caused a stroke - like event.

She died a week later. 




 Infection or complications from anesthesia.  




 The previous versions of MicroSD cards, that is Floppy disks and SD cards, tended to have Read Only switches. 




 I will say this. The best thing to come out thanks to belief in Adam and Eve is the Mormon Church's genealogical studies.  




 Well, part of the thing is that the Pope is still human.

He may be the chosen representative of God to them, but that doesn't mean every opinion comes directly from Him.

The Pope never said "God said that Global Warming was real." He said "Global Warming is real."

And there is a difference, especially to a believer. But even as a nonbeliever, one is an official declaration, and one is a personal opinion. 




 That's just how I was always told about it.

Apparently, it's a rule of thumb, born of the interpretation that one should stop at the sign or light before executing the turn
 




 You are supposed to stop for at least a 3 count. 




 Honestly, self-driving cars will not give a shit about their passengers.

These aren't complex intelligences. They will consider only what they are programmed to consider. 




 The biggest issue with self-driving cars will still be human error.

Manual override can be misused, if it is available (and it surely would be). Kids can do stupid things like vandalize sensors or toss objects out on the highway. Users can neglect upgrades because they think they don't need it, or worse out of paranoid fears. Programmers mess up a single character while programming, leading to malfunction... 




 I was going to guess Jon Voight. 




 In regard to the Natural Selection aspect, to put it simply, men and women have roughly an equal chance of surviving to the point of birthing a child, coupled by the fact that the nature of gender genetics gives a 50% chance of having a male child.

To make that mythical 100-1 ratio, there would need to be extra genes that suppress the Y chromosome, and make men into women. 




 No, even little shits like this don't need killing. 




 But his shirt says he's a thug.


not /s 




 The scary part of it is the fact that Eugenics was advocated heavily in the United States (It's actually where Hitler got the idea), and that the only reason we didn't gas people is that no one had that right combination of desire and ability to do so. 




 If you don't mind defecting, you should do at least one with "Intel Inside" 




 Into what opiates they are prescribing, and to whom they are being prescribed.* 




 I can't imagine how hard it is to replace a custom guitar on short notice.

Plus, insurance might cover the replacement of the original, but might not pay for the one used temporarily.

If these guys were bigger, they could easily sell off the "loaner", maybe even for more than they paid for it, but that's still a lot of money to hold in limbo.

I only wish I could do something to help, even if it is just loaning my Bullet out for the "cost" of an autograph and maybe a restringing (if they needed to).

If they post for help in Austin-centric boards, they might get similar offers to help.

Edit - Note, while I am serious about lending my guitar, I'm in Corpus,  not Austin. 




 You have a point there.

For that price, I am assuming it is a limited edition, which will keep it from being too many people. 




 Why do collectors want it?

Because it is unique.

If you want something one-of-a-kind that is show accurate, I can sell you my art piece. 




 Regarding the Big 3, I would put it this way.

Rule 1: Show, don't tell, but have your characters see, not say.

Dialogue is great for showing a character's emotion, but poor for world-building. Don't have the characters talk about how bleak the landscape is, show them in the remainder of the paragraphs. (Example: Lord of the Rings)

Rule 2: If you can not write about what you know, then know about what you write.

You probably don't know what it feels like to fling fireballs at a rampaging werewolf, because it can't happen. So, you have to think about and understand the effects in the context of your own world. If you can understand how it works in your world, you can explain it to others. (Example: Eragon)

Rule 3: Always have a sympathetic character for the reader to relate to, even if they don't like him very much.

Your main character, or someone in his entourage, must be someone the reader can sink into. They can be the most horrible person in the universe, but the reader will need to understand, at some point, the motivations of the character. The Why of his evil. If you can not show that from the perspective of the main character, shift the perspective to his Companion. (Examples: Doctor Who/Sherlock Holmes) 




 I absolutely love their Peanut Butter Sundaes. 




 No, from [Stan Smith](http://www.hulu.com/watch/16820) 




 http://www.hulu.com/watch/16820 




 It probably depends on how big the standard page is...

But if the 300 page novel is no good, people are far more likely to stop reading. 




 It is also able to be used as a noun. And a verb, if you try hard enough.

English is fucked up. 




 Honestly, I'm not familiar with the levels of payout on Amazon, like many of my interests, I'm more of a hobbyist than an expert, and think of myself as a better editor than author.

But, I think it still boils down to the number of readers being the most important factor.

Based on my reading of the new policy, if one person reads 1 page, you'll get 1 share of the earnings from the monthly fund, no matter what. 




 In general, yes.

But if one were to write 20 page long short stories, most people that start it will finish it, regardless of quality. 1,000,000 people means 20,000,000 pages read per story.

If he writes 10 short stories in the time it takes a novelist to write 300 pages, and 1,000,000 people download each of them, the short story author gets 200,000,000 shares, and the novelist might get 300,000,000 if he did well enough that every finished the book. 




 Ultimately it's not based on how big your book is, but how many individual pages are read.

So, if you write a 10,000 page series that is downloaded 1,000,000 times, but people universally get sick of reading it after 10 pages (like if it became a viral sensation for how horrible it is), you get paid for 10,000,000 pages.

If you write a 200 page novel that is read in its entirety by 500,000 people, you get paid for 100,000,000 pages. 




 It may have been even more innocent.

Guy supposes that the deaths are caused by drinking from certain wells, I don't believe it, but let's check it out anyway. 




 Assuming they even *have* the gold in the first place. 




 Aw... seems to be no love for Eobard. 




 Ultimately, they could have still appropriated it for the Emerald fight, because it is just used as a Game Flag, anyway. 




 Booster (unknown intended effect) and Law (Coin Toss and Throw on one Materia) are the two big ones.

Underwater Breath is the other big mystery, which was put into the Japanese release before they came up with a use for it with the Emerald Weapon fight. Ironically, the broken Underwater Breath still exists in the game data, and they made a new Underwater Materia for the EW fight. 




 Really it's just a code-word for "we fudged some of this stuff anyway"

For example, black holes don't *actually* have infinite density, they have **indefinite** density.

Basically, once the event horizon exists outside of the physical body, you can no longer measure how small the mass at the center is.

We can calculate the mass based on gravitational effects, which is how we know that one black hole the size of Mars holds approximately 1000 Suns, but it doesn't make a difference if that mass is the diameter of the Moon or a grain of sand. It is all underneath the Event Horizon.

However, because the diameter can not be calculated, equations that need that figure can plug in "infinity" and still work. 




 21 and 24 are 100% amazing.

My favorite bits of the show all revolve around them.

https://youtu.be/StzFZNWeMAY 




 Data points caused by activity not tested for in the experiment.

For example, if one of the children in the study with lower grades was huffing paint, it would be caused but not correlated. 




 The problem that I am seeing is that they tested the hypothesis by taking parents with multiple children and checking their grades against whichever one was called the "smarter" or "dumber" child.

But did they attempt to see what happens if you *pretend* to believe in your child? 




 Ultimately, isn't that all a hoverboard would be? A platform with a means of upward propulsion? 




 Didn't they announce this when they announced the HoloLens? 




 Sorry, dude. She's dead. She'll always be dead.

She has to die in order to utilize the Lifestream to use the Holy Materia. 




 There are improvements to be made...

They can either repair or remove Materia that didn't work in the original US release. They can smooth out the combat and improve the menu. The graphical improvements to the Summons are a given, but they could add a new one or two. 




 Don't do this, man! 




 Flying Mounts FTW 




 At the very least, it will be released eventually on PC. 




 Transgenders are normal healthy people, too. They're just different. 




 Wait.... Chris Pratt in blackface? 




 Not everyone on Tumblr is a Tumblrina. 




 I'm not the one that brought up the default.

But sexuality is not the same as favorite color. Gender identity is not the same as favorite food.

Favorites can change over time.

You don't become gay or transgender. 




 My whole point was that the normal, unqualified, male is the default. It will always be the default. No matter how accepting we are of transgenders. 




 I believe they use Naval and Marines for space because of the use of spaceships.

Spaceships are most like Naval vessels in regard to configuration. 









 Lady comes to the desk, just past the cutoff for when we can start eggs, and asks if I'm going to make sausage and eggs.

Sensibly, I have sausage cooking already, as I saw we were out. I didn't throw in omelets, because there was still some there. So I tell her that sausage is coming, but the eggs would be done for the day.

Lady: oh, and we need toast, too.

Me: Sure, I'll be able to replace the bread stuff.

Lady: There's bagels and all, but no toast.

Me: Okay, I'll get right on it.

I go, fix up the coffee pot that had just finished brewing and check which bread we need... and there is a whole tray of bread! I don't get it, did she expect me to make her her toast?

I point it out to her royal highness, wait a few minutes for the sausage to finish and bring it out. What do I see in the chafing dish? Omelets! There aren't many left, but they weren't out.

I think she was just trying to find reasons to complain, as if it isn't bad enough they have obviously way too many kids for their room. 









 My boss is talking to the inspector from corporate right now, and is seriously angering him before he sees anything by accusing corporate of trying to fail him...

Is he stupid or crazy?  




 I've tried campaigns before, and frankly no one ever bites.

I've tried being serious, earnest, funny, even comically irreverent, and it never picks up.

Basically, what I would need to get is a larger inventory for my store, and possibly a storefront.

I worry with Kickstarter that offering presales of products is against the rules, but everyone does it anyway. They all suggest making a video, but I am terrible at videos.

What can I do to increase my reach and my returns?  



















 I have an idea for an unofficial Sentai that I would like to see created, and well... no one has seemed to think about it before.

Shoot me a line if you think you are up for designing and drawing a never-before-seen squad. 





























 Most Super Sentai shows start off with a standalone enemy threatening world destruction or domination, but they are never confronted by previous Super Sentai.

After they become a fully fledged team, they begin to interact with other teams as if they existed together.

Some previous enemies will even show themselves as enemies of the newer teams.

In all media that focuses on more than one team, the passage of time stated between the two shows is sometimes longer than the actual time difference between them.

Most importantly, in Battle Fever J, the enemy Satan Egos was able to sense when the Battle Fever team was given their powers. This may have been caused by him sensing the shift from the original Battle Fever universe to that of the Sentai universe.

This shifting would also explain how the dinosaurs were destroyed in 4 different manners and created 4 different unique Sentai. 




 It's criminally low in some cases (night auditors are being paid under the table below minimum wage). For those of us who are legal, he tries to keep us as close to minimum wage as possible.

This is painful for us, because even being the highest paid desk clerk ($8.25/hr) isn't enough to pay the bills at home, and I'm having to borrow money off of future paychecks to cover them.

I counted out all of the hours worked this week by all the hourly workers, and if we assume this was an average week, then they pay about $12.28 per room-night for employees.

Raising the rate of pay for everyone to $10.00/hr would increase that average to $17.10.

That seems daunting, but the ADR has gone up over $10 since last year, because of rate increases.

Furthermore, if he were to continue paying the night shift as he has, it could bring the average down to under $15 a room. (I hate to throw the students under the bus, but the boss might not care about helping them at all.)

Ironically, the fact that he pays so badly is the reason why my job is secure enough for me to bring it up to him. No one wants to work starting at $7.50, with an occasional  $0.25 raise. (I started at $7.75 because I had 5 years experience, and I've been here 4 years.) So, most people that get hired don't even bother showing up for training once they hear the pay offer.

For that $5 a room, my boss would shift from being one of the worst paying employers in the city to one of the best that isn't in the oil refineries.

But, I wonder if he even cares enough to listen...

If he doesn't, then I'll just have to look for a new job, because he pays his assistant manager less than a guy that flips burgers under a heat lamp. 









 http://www.ebay.com/itm/171761940449

I promise, this will be the last time I post about this piece until a second is completed 












































 **I** push the button! 




  One of Comedy Central's Comics To Watch for 2013. Host of @CanceledPod. Professional goofball.

This is the bio of @ChrisCubas, the "normal fan" that "won" the PointsMe Challenge, and subsequently "won" the game tonight on @midnight...

While he was legitimately funny, the FTW challenge was obviously staged to have him win (the other contestant put out a lame joke that would have been beaten by a fart noise, and his "joke" was blatantly telling people to watch his podcast.)

I don't think Comedy Central had any intention of getting a regular guy to go on their show.

Sorry if this isn't the best place for this, but I had to say it... 




 Why is it that when you talk to Ace in the chocobo stable, the video recording/streaming cuts off?

There doesn't seem to be any reason for it. 




 We had one woman (we'll call her Monica) check in a couple weeks ago. A local, paying with cash.

She stays over day by day, doesn't really give us too much trouble, just paying late... until Monday last, when they decided they were going to check out.

Monday night, a group of 3 people from their room rush upstairs, break into a second room, and beat and rob the guest there. Unfortunately, we didn't know it was them until they had already left. (My boss didn't watch the whole tape until the morning.)

Needless to say, she was put on the Do Not Rent list, which I have tacked in the front with names, ID numbers, and the reason they are banned.

Fast forward to today, just now. I come in to work after a nice carefree weekend, and hear a woman screaming in the hallway, being chased, beaten, and dragged back into the back hallway towards their room. I called 911, found which room they were in, and they ask me who rented the room... it was Monica.

One of my idiot colleagues rented her a room again, even when we have her on a Do Not Rent list for robbery and assault!

I go down to keep an eye on the hallway as the police do their thing, and what do you know, they have a dog! They admit to me that they know the dog isn't allowed, but they "didn't have any other place to go".

And to make matters worse, the guy was caught with a huge packet of Synthetic and a grinder filled with marijuana... in the room with his 3 year old daughter!

The piece of shit was arrested, and I got the distinct "pleasure" of telling an assault victim with no ID and a toddler to find other accommodations.

And later, when I tell my boss what happened, I'll probably be yelled at for calling 911.

So, how's *your* Sunday? 




 ... That isn't part of a racism movement *by* white people? I don't want to end up in a KKK sub or something, just need to express grievances about the hypocrisy of anti-white groups. 




 The fan art community is one of the strangest things I've seen. People make figures, drawings, paintings, and other works of art, sometimes in complete opposite directions as the original work. 

They sell these works at conventions with near complete impunity, and only get C D generally when the work is closer to plagerism. However, they operate under a constant knowledge that the hammer may drop at any time.

So, my question is, "What is the best way to seek permission from the appropriate company to create and sell art based on their characters?"

Should I only send correspondence by regular mail, or is sending an email acceptable? 

Should I begin my offer only with a request to sell the art and copies of that work, or should I include the secondary acceptable offer of making the pieces directly for a commission?

Do I even need to worry about it? If the works are obviously of my own energy, and not damaging to the brand in question (there is no official outlet for this style of art), could this be considered "fair use"?

And, for a final and more specific question. The character from my initial piece is from the Japanese show "Super Sentai", owned by Bandai and Toei. The rights in America for the show are owned by Haim Saban. Who should I attempt to contact, as an American artist, Toei or Saban? The original artwork will only be made one time, and prints would be available worldwide.

Thank you in advance, if I should consult an attorney, I would love to have a suggestion for which one in the Corpus Christi area, if available, or one that consults by phone.  




 I have thought about the possibility of using a raffle to raise money for my business and wanted to shoot the idea out before starting it.

How likely are crowdfunders to buy raffle tickets?

What would be an appropriate ticket cost/prize value ratio?

How frequently should I make the drawings?

I have considered allowing prize donations from others to sweeten the pots, as well as increasing the value of the prizes if I "sell too many tickets", but is there anything else I can do to make this a success? 









 USA Network ran a No More SVU Marathon, to bring awareness to sexual assault and domestic violence. This was one of the organizations featured.

http://1in6.org

They gave a number of great organizations, based on the episode that was playing. 1 in 6 was featured with the episode with 'Teddy's Treehouse'. 




