 It's certainly a cool and interesting premise 




 This is baffling  




 The Lovely Bone 




 She should have saluted the flag instead 




 Wasn't it thermite? They've used that on Mythbusters a couple times. 




 There are not enough videos of these sorts of cuckolding threesomes around  




 I'd be super bummed if this movie had an anti-nuclear power message 









 Neonomicon was pretty terrible 




 The expression on the skeleton makes me laugh every time. It looks like it someone surprised him with an engagement ring. 




 Doesnt look like it, but that's based on that bit of blurry dark low quality footage. 




 The planet isn't rising. The apes are. Also having "of the" appear twice in a title makes it super long and awkward.  




 Will he have time to be in Fast 7?
 




 He's clearly not wearing a mask until he gets picked up and he's wearing the very same clown make up they talk about seconds later. Unless they were all wearing blindfolds while driving or didn't even glance out the window for a split second to see the guy they're supposed to be picking up, there's no way they wouldn't have seen him as they drive up and stop next to him. 




 How did no one, including the dudes who picked him up, notice that he was the Joker? 




 My two dream Godzilla games would be a fighting game like Destroy All Monsters, but with next gen graphics and physics and all that jazz,

or

A Battlefield style game where a group of people play as soldiers in a destructible city, and one player plays as Godzilla trying to cause as much destruction as possible. 




 The movie is still almost a year away. I really think they should have released that first teaser by now, even if it was just a mood piece made before filming began, but I would expect the proper trailer to drop towards the end of the year. 




 This looks perfect. It moves and is shaped like a classic man in a suit. But bigger and scarier and more animalistic. Plus the design looks like the awesome 80s/90s design, with a bit more of a scaly dangerous dinosaur look like the 2000 design.  




 It's actually the largest Godzilla on film ever  




 It really looks like a suit 




 Sounds more like Ted to me  




 Final Wars was part of the Millenium series, even though it was mostly a love letter to the Showa series. People are already referring to the new Godzilla as "Legendary" Godzilla so chances are that name will stick.

Also it's not a suit anymore 




 That's actually pretty cool 




 Final Wars would have been so much better if the fight scenes lasted more than a minute or two 




 What about the reveal of the new Bandai figurine?  




 That's because this movie has been in and out of production for like ten years 




 This picture is very old 




 I agree. I know we all just want to see Godzilla fight monsters, but everyone knows that the best Godzilla movies are for the most part just about humans vs Godzilla. Except the 1998 American version of course but that's for a whole bunch of other reasons.

Plus we already saw massive monster fights in Pacific Rim. Seeing people getting reports of Godzilla encounters out in the ocean or on islands, slowly discovering that this mind blowing beast somehow exists and the ramifications of such a thing, and then seeing it destroy human civilization while soldiers try hopelessly to hold him back would be awesome and scary and intense and something we've never seen done properly before. Once he gets to fighting other monsters it gets a bit more fun and silly. I kinda wish they had saved the other monsters for the sequels. 




 Well it's produced by Seth MacFarlane, who is very very much an atheist, so I think we'll be fine 




 I remember being addicted to this movie as a teenager. Me and all my friends were getting our first cars and driving together out in the country, so this was like super intense at the time. It probably doesn't hold up nearly as well now but I thought it was funny and creepy and creative and scary and awesome back then. Plus Steve Zahn is always great. 




 360, but only because all my friends have Xbox. I'm switching to PS4 this Christmas and hopefully we'll get a PS4 version in the near future.  




 Way to show everyone how big and tough you are by almost getting all your friends killed 




 Does cringe count when it's intentional?

I mean it's 5sf. Also, Comic Sans. 




 The Rock. He looks like a strong sassy Latino woman. 




 Again, this is just one of many concept designs. The actual design to be used in the film has not been revealed. 




 That's the Godzilla 2000 design. The new one hasn't been revealed yet. 




 That would be pretty awesome  




 I hate the Transformers films so very very much, but the third film has a falling skyscraper sequence and a wing suit sequence that both blew me away.

Also towards the start of Dreamcatcher where they find the sick dude in the woods and he gets worse and worse and eventually dies and some mysterious creature is birthed into the toilet was super creepy and atmospheric and made me think the rest of the movie might be great. It wasn't.  




 That's just a concept design. The final hasn't been revealed yet.  




 No it isn't. This is a concept design at the Godzilla experience at Comic Con. The real design hasn't been revealed yet.   




 It's sorta tricky since the specifics of both the scale, and the actual stats of most Kaiju are sorta pulled out of nowhere most of the time. Plus Godzilla Kaiju are all usually a lot smaller than Pacific Rim Kaiju, and yet they're all way way tougher.  




 Neil Patrick Harris was in Saints Row 2. Seems like they're trying to bring back all the characters from previous games, like Ben King, old school Shaundi and whatever Keith David's character's name was 




 Just for comparison with other similar and recent destruction filled disaster/monster movies;


Pacific Rim's budget was $190M (A lot more than I had thought)

King Kong (2005) was $207M

Transformers 1 was $150M

Transformers 2 was $200M

Transformers 3 was $190M

Man of Steel was $225M

2012 was $200M

Cloverfield was $25M

Battle: Los Angeles was $75M

Battleship was $209M

GI Joe: Rise of Cobra was $175M

Armageddon was $140M

D-War was $75M (Most expensive Korean film of all time) 

Godzilla (1998) was $130M

Final Wars was $19M (The biggest budget ever for a Japanese Godzilla movie)

And Gareth Edward's Monsters was half a million bucks; $500,000
 




 I'm not sure what the exact budget for this movie will end up being, nor do I know if Gareth Edwards is experienced enough to truly create a disaster movie of this scale, but this movie really needs to turn entire cities into radioactive wastelands.
So far the poster, interviews with the creators, and the Comic-Con teaser (which I haven't actually seen) seem to be hinting at exactly this, but I'm still not convinced. The problem is, again, I think the budget for this movie is a lot smaller than most disaster films, and Gareth isn't exactly experienced in epic large scale apocalyptic disaster films. Although he is talented and certainly knows how to stretch a budget

Pacific Rim was okay for what it was, but didn't deliver as much as I had hoped in the destruction department. After how disappointingly careful and harmless the 1998 Zilla was, bafflingly so for a Roland Emmerich film, and after seeing all the destruction based marketing so far, we really need a movie that makes Man of Steel and Transformers look tame in comparison.

If they want to set themselves apart, and deliver a truly terrifying and realistic and worthwhile reimagining of Godzilla, then they need to blow people's minds by showing off what a giant angry living nuclear battleship loose in a major city can do in a way no one has ever seen before.

I mean, surely if something as large as Godzilla were to actually exist, he'd do a lot more damage just walking around than just cracking the cement and smacking down buildings. He'd be a moving earthquake generator, and each footstep would permanently destroy the earth beneath him. 

Gareth and the writers/producers certainly seem to have a deep love for the original film, and the cast is absolutely superb, I just really hope they can use CG and modern Hollywood effects to take the wanton destruction and carnage of the Japanese films, and crank it up to 11. 




 Not bad. Bit too much background noise going on for me though. I really hope they do a new version of the classic theme for this movie. Big and orchestral and epic. Based on how many references to the original there have already been already I'm sure they will.

I'm pretty disappointed that Michael Giacchino isn't doing the score. If you listen to the theme he made for Cloverfield you'll see that he would have been perfect. 




 Bryan Cranston, Aaron Taylor Johnson and Ken Watanabe 




 Looks kinda like a mix of the original Godzilla, Godzilla 2000, and GMK designs. Which is awesome and perfect in my opinion.  




 The severed hand was hanging from the steering wheel. The hand holding the button was attached to an arm that is shown coming from around a corner thing. We never see what condition the rest of the body is in. 




 Looks real pretty and potentially fun, and I'm still looking forward to seeing more, but they didn't really show anywhere near as much as I wanted. Especially for a trailer that's been hyped up for the last week as a 'gameplay' trailer.

Also I really don't like the look of his face. I get that they don't want him to look like Mel Gibson or Tom Hardy and are going for their own take on the character, but he just looks strange.

But hey, Just Cause 2 was stupid and weird and poorly acted and that was still some of the most fun I've had in a video game in a long long time. 




 The T-Rex wasn't in the cargo hold. It was in the big giant cage on the back of the boat that was all ripped open when the boat hit the dock. It went into the cargo hold after killing most of the crew and that dying crew member closed it. 




 Whoa, Kevin Bacon is in this movie?  




 Nope. I'm sure Rockstar will announce a PC/Next Gen version once everyone has already bought the current console versions 




 That would be a much much better idea 




 Vegas  




 SON 




 Have they confirmed that there will be gang hideouts? 




 I don't think military would come after you at all. These new GTA games are trying to be a little more realistic and having tanks chasing chasing a single criminal in an urban environment is pretty silly. (But very fun)
I would imagine the military won't come after you at all unless you break into the base and steal a tank or a jet. 




 Sharknado

Sharkacane

Sharkageddon

This epic trilogy must come to fruition 




 Well kiss my grits this is fantastic! 




 For me, Vice City had a better story and cast of characters, plus an awesome 80s setting that still feels incredible to step back into, but San Andreas is way more fun to play 




 I kinda really hope it stays tropical 




 Do you have a source? I really want this to be true  




 One of my favorite new features in BOGT was that after every story mission you were graded on your performance, and given stats about your accuracy, time, headshots, things like that, and then you could replay any story mission you wanted at any time to try to get better.

Imagine how much it would suck to play through an amazing mind blowing heist sequence, and then not be able to do it again. Especially now that you can upgrade your weapons and gear and personal stats, or replay it again but switching to different characters at different times. 

I don't remember for sure, but I'm pretty sure while replaying a mission in BOGT you don't earn any extra money or anything, so no need to worry about people replaying heists for bonus cash or stat upgrades.

Sure, replaying the whole game can be fun, but if you just want to replay a specific mission or show off a cool sequence to a friend, or replay a certain heist to try to get better at it, you don't want to replay the whole game and lose all your progress in the story and side missions, as well as your money and weapons and possessions. There's already a pretty much perfect mission replaying system in BOGT that they could hopefully use in GTA 5. It only adds tonnes more replay value to an already jam packed game. 




 They're not  




 Garth Ennis can be pretty hit and miss for me, and he can really write some stupid over the top schlocky juvenile bullshit sometimes, but goddamn, that line, "You gotta be one of the good guys, son. Cause there's way too many of the bad." has always stuck with me. 

Preacher is definitely my favorite comic of his. It might still have some of his typical goofy 'edgy' crap in it sometimes, but it has a hell of a lot of talent and heart behind it. 
 




 It's not one of the optional tattoos available in the store, so it's obviously a permanent part of the character. 

I'm assuming it's maybe referring to Saint Michael, plus it looks to be on a cross. But that's obviously an intentional choice, and more than just a coincidence. I just thought it was interesting. 









 I love weapon wheels, and GTA has been needing one for a while. Saints Row and RDR had it, and I'm really glad it's in.

However I kinda think the actual wheel itself looks a bit ugly and messy. 




 Doubt it. 




 Huh, I noticed the different colours during the switching in the trailer, but I didn't notice that their stats and mission markers on the map were also colour coded. Awesome. 




 He's flying the jet 




 The fact that it's an online only game makes me slightly less interested 




 The first one is a brilliant and fun and hilarious cheesy old school action adventure movie. Honestly, I think reinventing a classic Universal horror icon in the style of a classic pulp adventure serial was a perfect idea. It felt like Doc Savage Meets The Mummy. It was going for the same tone and tongue in cheek reference-filled style as Indiana Jones, and I think it nailed it. It was purposely campy and self aware, but without being too goofy or jokey. I'm not the biggest fan of Brendan Fraser, but he was great, the movie was fun, great special effects, and some genuinely creepy moments. Not a masterpiece by any stretch of the imagination, but I absolutely loved it, and still do. Very much an under appreciated movie.


The second one sucked though. It's a shame that Stephen Sommers seemingly lost his self-aware campy style after this movie and went all ridiculous and terrible. 




 Hey Malkovich, think fast!  




 I don't want characters that control like big slow trucks driving through molasses and take a couple seconds to perform simple actions like in GTA 4. 




 Everything about the characters looks perfect so far. All really likable and interesting and not complete cliches. Hell everything about the game seems perfect, aside from the whole no PC or next gen thing.


...Also that jab about an unfit guy being dead before 35 is pretty ill timed... 




 When it comes to just Godzilla movies, my personal favourites are

Godzilla (1954)

Destroy All Monsters (1968)

Godzilla - or Return of Godzilla (1984)

Godzilla vs Biollante (1989)

Godzilla vs MechaGodzilla 2 (1993)

Godzilla vs Desotroyah (1995)

Godzilla 2000 (2000)

Godzilla: Giant Monsters All Out Attack (2001)

Godzila Final Wars (2004)

I think these have the most action, most interesting Kaiju, and are just the most fun to watch. Some Godzilla movies can be super cheap and light on the Kaiju action, or just plain strange. These are all fairly simple and accessible.  




 This is so much better than the usual Pixar specific ones that keep getting posted here. Some of these I've never seen before. Super cool. 




 This is actually one of my favorite action movies. No cgi or shaky cam, just ridiculously over the top action and stunts and really funny characters. Tragically underrated.  




 That's really cool. Here in Australia movie tickets cost like 16 dollars and we don't get anything extra. This could be a really interesting new trend. 




 I feel like the gameplay trailer that's coming soon will probably be a part of the multiplayer reveal. I can't imagine Rockstar showing gameplay of the campaign before release, and since they're doing this new GTA Online thing, I think it makes sense that they'd release a gameplay video of how it all works. Maybe in the style of those RDR and Max Payne videos. 




 The weirdest for me was his family all becoming successful super rich yuppies at the end and yet they still live in the same house  




 Oh it'll be cheesy, but it won't be garbage. The cheesiness and camp is totally deliberate.  




 Even if they were planning on releasing a PC/next gen version of the game, I feel like it'd be in their best interest to act like they weren't. Then after the game has sold a bajillion copies, they'll announce the GOTY edition coming out on PC/next gen in April or something so that everyone buys it again. 




 Ah, great, thanks. That's pretty much what I figured but I'm not nearly educated enough on the subject. Thanks!  




 Was the middle east still mostly Muslim back then? I know nothing about this subject so I was just wondering if these countries were still all pretty much Islamic throughout history, and it's just a new more fundamentalist and extreme type of Islam that has taken over more recently. 




 I seem to remember this movie being announced years ago with Ryan Reynolds and The Rock, or something like that, and then it never happened 




 Yes  




 The missed punches don't show how overmatched Batman is when Bane is still reacting to the hit. Not once during the fight did I think "wow Batman is out of his league!" or "whoa Batman is finally outmatched!" I could only think "Yikes this is poorly done."

There's a big difference between being deliberately choreographed in a sloppy messy fashion to portray the characters in a certain way, and plain bad choreography where punches miss clearly by inches and the other fighter acts like he got hit,  unrealistic moves, people swing their arms nowhere near an opponent just so the other fighter can block it, obviously awkward positioning, and Bane doing a sloppy little jump spin in the middle of a fight and Batman just sort of waits to get hit.

The negative things I said about that fight weren't the point of the fight, they weren't choices by Nolan or the choreographer. They were mistakes and sloppy filmmaking and poor stunt work. 

 




 I hope the final episode of that show ends with his kids getting sick of his rambling self important narcissistic stories about what a great guy he is and they get up off the couch and beat him to death.  




 Everyone was talking about how epic and brutal the first Bane vs Batman fight was. I heard 'amazing' and 'breathtaking' a few times before seeing the movie. The lead up was basically Batman saying,  "Take me to this movie's villain so we can have a fight scene." Then there's a weird awkwardly paced build up, before Bane and Batman finally clash in a pretty averagely choreographed slow fight with lots of missed punches and cheesy moments. I usually really like Nolan movies but his fight scenes are always terrible, and DKR was one of his weakest films by far. 




 This looks pretty lame. But hopefully now Ben Schwartz might do a cameo in Always Sunny 




 This would have made this movie so much better 




 Seriously, why is this one of the top posts for this subreddit?  




 The uploader posted this in the comments section four times

"AWWWWW WTF LITTLE BITCH HACKED MY YOUTUBE AND BUT HER SHITTY PROJECT UP!!!!!!! HOW DID I DONT SEE THIS SORRY PEOPLE WHO HAVE BEEN BLINDED BY THIS BACK STABBIN EX FRIEND OF MINE!"

...what? 




 Totally agree. Also, Chronicle was pretty average.  




 It's funny because this post clearly proves that whoever made it has never had sex with a woman   




 Roland's last movie 2012 was like that as well. It was so tonally inconsistent that it really drove me crazy. 

There's a scene where a man tries to make up with his son over the phone after not speaking to him for years. Right as the son picks up the phone a huge earthquake hits and the father listens to his son die. Then, as the old man cries, a giant tidal wave comes and kills him and like a thousand other people. Then there's a giraffe hanging from a helicopter and John Cusack's daughter says she doesn't pee her pants anymore. 

Also, a scene where a chihuahua walks across a tightrope while a wife angrily gives her husband the finger, all to goofy cartoony music, and then the husband falls to his death while his children watch and scream.

That movie was fucking weird   




 Very very common normal word here in Australia too  




 The whole point of Die Hard was supposed to be that it wasn't a typical action hero guy like Arnie or Sly. That's why they casted a romantic comedy tv actor. Bruce only became known as an action star afterwards. If Die Hard was made today it'd be more likely to be someone like... Jeez I actually have no idea... Maybe Joe Manganiello or Gabriel Macht or Jon Hamm 




 God, yes, he totally sold me on Monster Hunter. I'd always been interested in the franchise but I'd never been able to get into it. Patrick convinced me to dive in. 




 It's not so much him not being on the podcast that I'm gonna miss. It's the attention he gives to weird crazy indie games that most other sites ignore. I'm gonna miss QuickLooks where he and Vinny explore really strange niche games that we would usually never see. 




 Yeah because throwing the grenade and then taking cover in the hole would just be silly  




 That's the most interesting thing about this. Instead of trying to think of stupid ways for people to go back to this truly doomed dinosaur island, just rewrite history so instead of going to shit on the first day of Jurassic Park, everything goes to shit after 20 years of success. 




 It's weird that you approve this 




 We could all use some more EverythingIsTerrible 




 Every time this film has been mentioned in the last two years there's always tonnes of comments from people mentioning how similar it is to Evangelion. We get it. 




 Both consoles have 8GB of RAM, but the Xbox One OS takes up 3 GB, and the PS4's OS takes up 1. So PS4 has 7GB of Ram devoted to games and Xbox One only has 5. Also PS4 uses GDDR 5 and Xbox One uses GDDR 3. Plus, PS4 is cheaper, has better exclusives, support for indie developers, no online passes, and PS Plus gives you free games every month. It's still all around a cheaper and more powerful machine.

EDIT: And a 50% more powerful GPU 




 The director Colin Trevorrow already confirmed no feathers on Twitter 




