 shady shade 









 I'd rather see him do a harder role sincd he's such a great fucking actor. BC for Riddler. 




 WTF right? 




 That's some day after tomorrow shit. 




 Yeah but on the show on Wednesday they said they were doing a show on Friday from CC San Diego which is where I am. 




 Anybody know where the Comic Con stuff is gonna be going on? I'm here and wanted to check it out. 




 Jinkx looks gor gor. 




 thanks for actually depressing me 




 You have brought me great joy.  




 Omg Luna looks adorable!!! 




 Please write something. You are a great writer.  




 He's still a genius. 




 Are you trolling? 




 That is the question. So... I don't know what it is but when I go on NoFap streaks, around the second or third week (at least this has been true the 2 times I've made it this far), I find myself having women very attracted to me. It's weird, when I fap, I can't get shit, and right now, I have several women who are very into me. The only thing I'm afraid of is that if I have sex and ejaculate I'm going to lose this thing that's so attractive... My mojo per se. If it were with a single partner I might not be as afraid, but it's several women that want to meet me and I want to fool around with all of them (not all at once, but like, screw one in the early evening and one later that night), I'm just afraid I won't have the mojo I have right now after I have sex. Thoughts? Advice? 




 I just brought a sausage egg mcmuffin home. which side am i on? 




 Damn... she's sadistic.  




 This is awesome.  




 LMAO 




 Best part by far.  




 Nice. 




 That's definitely not a cake. 




 5 more to go.  




 Thanks! And yes, I laughed really hard at your comment.  




 You're not going to hell if you bang a broad before marriage. Hell, there is no hell.  




 I feel like he needs the grapple hook.  




 Yeah, I'm in enlighten.  




 Probably the best comment that will take place in this thread. Yet so few will fail to recognize.  




 I cringed more that you've never cringed so hard.  




 This photo gave me extreme joy.  




 She's trolling. 




 Where's that video of the indian guy who has like a huge as cricket and cockaroach living in his ear? Having them taken out was so satisfying... I felt so good for him.  




 That's incest. 




 I thought he was a tool but now he's a total douche.  




 Poor cow :( 




 I like.  




 I assumed a real foot.  




 Yeah... like they're going to do that.  




 Lucky as fuck 




 That's really sad. I used to be very pro-choice.. And I still am pro-choicem just not nearly as much... I don't go around saying yes, go abortion, because I think it's so sad. I remember a debate I saw once where somebody said, if abortion is murder, masterbation is genocide, but then somebody rebuttled with, the difference between the sperm in a sock and a fertilized egg, is that the sperm will never grow up to be a person like you or I. And that really got to me... I hate abortion... I wish the government would pay people not to have them or something.  














 Did I just see Elizabeth's period?  




 I think somebody thought Problem Child was a documentary.  




 What is it? A Douche? 




 I declare war on Japan.  




 is that shit true about the 10 weeks and the fully formed feet n shit?  




 How could he not know? 









 So here's my dilemma. I'm about 10 days into my current nofap streak, and I feel amazing. I really think this not ejaculating business really helps keep me sharp. I've been feeling amazing. But one of my biggest motivators to do nofap is because when I am fapping I never get laid... But now, tonight, I have 3 different girls who are literally asking me to come have sex with them within the next 24 hours. I would give these girls 7+ (almost 8s)... But it's more than I ever get.... But... I... I just don't want to. But I do. But I don't. But I do. But I don't.... I told one of them already, I'm more interested in a relationship than a hook up, so I'm very confused. I think I'd rather not have the sex. But yeah... I don't really know how to say that. That I want to date and not hook up.... It's weird / hard.... 

On a somewhat related note, I saw a music video tonight of a girl that was so gorgeous, like a 9.9/10 physically, and it made me want to fap so fucking bad but I didn't because I know it would take me further from my goal of being with a girl like that, and it made me feel almost hopeless. Currently, I hate my body so much. I'm about 20 pounds overweight. I used to be about 70 pounds overweight, but i've been working at this diet shit so long that it just kind of hurts. I want to be stunning. I want to look like those guys on the cover of magazines. It's just... It's mother fucking hard, and I'm super fucking jealous of those guys who are there and I don't know when I'll be there. I love shitty foods so much, that I need a pleasure release somewhere. It used to be weed, then sleeping, then masterbation, now food. It's hard to change your diet completely because even if I'm eating healthy, I want to eat a lot of what I'm eating. Like i'll have 3 fucking pineapples, not just half of one... Or the whole box of whole wheat pasta, not just a single serving... Anyway... What do you guys think of hard mode vs. easy mode? I feel like easy mode doesn't give you half the benefits... In fact, I know it won't... I'm not gonna have sex with any of these girls.

Thoughts? Advice? Help?  




 Wasn't this ad post Arrested? Or did he do another? I really thought I knew that was Buster when I saw those ads and felt sad Arrested was dead :( 




 Ellen Page was amazing in The Last of Us.  




 Sell this. I would buy.  




 Pizza and fries.  




 To me it's different. It's a different way of life, not a goal.  




 Come on man. Don't stress what could have been. What do they say about falling off the horse? You'll get there. Stop whining, start winning.  




 one of the best posts i've read on here. had some total withness today. withness is the shit. (can i get a witness?... teehee. i'm lame.) 




 This is one of the best games ever. EVER.  




 Speed Racer is a masterpiece.  




 wOw 




 WOOHOO!!!!!!!!! 




 Nice mang! 




 Those books make absolutely no sense. Portions do. But overall nah.  




 can we see before n after plastic pics of sharon please 




 I LOVE EPIPHANY. GORGEOUS.  




 I'm pretty sure that was Trey Parker singing.  




 Mind = Blown.  




 I found this amazing.  




 I cringed. COME OUT OF THE CLOSET.  




 "You have an ugly heart." GOLD.  




 How old ya be? 




 His name.... was John.  




 go to some conspiracy subreddit. that wasn't funny.  




 Can't wait to be king of trolls.  









 I kind of felt this way about the last of us... i was like... seriously... this much circle jerk over thaaaat? i on the other hand adored bioshock infinite.  




 Literally what I was going to ask.  




 Hey guys! Fellow Fapstronaut here. I wanted to make you guys aware of a 100% NoFapping forum (I know of other forums with NoFap threads, but not a forum dedicated strictly to NoFap). It's not my site and I don't know any of the owners or anything so I'm not trying to pimp out my own site or anything. The reason I'm telling you guys about it is because after having been here on this subreddit for almost 5 months, I feel like this is a great tool and resource but it lacks a community and user familiarity aspect which a forum can bring. I joined last night and was hoping some of you awesome fapstronauts could come join so we can get some good discussions going and get to know each other so we can push each other and help each other really achieve our NoFap goals. I'm user Water2Funk, so feel free to message me and stuff. I really hope some of you guys join because, as great as this place is, the forum will really help us get to know each other and help us support each other with this journey and struggle. God speed Fapstronauts! 

link to forum: http://www.nofappers.org/forums/forum.php

edit: there's also yourbrainrebalanced.com which somebody just messaged me about... but why not join both...? the nice thing about nofappers is there is an off topic forum too. :)  




 i was with you until the cold showers.....  




 LOVE IT.  




 FUCK THIS.  




 I was disappointed. Definitely wanted to see one of them explode.  




 SO COOL! I WANT ONE FOR CHRISTMAS MOMMY! 




 Let me tell you once again who was bad. Him.  




 PLEASE GOD JESUS 




 That was terribly awkward.  




 eh... cheer leaders.  




 When will Pokemon look good? Saphire / Ruby was kinda nice... The DS games are so ugly. Decide 3d or 2d..... Not both. So ugly.  




 I'm thinking of back in the SNES days when you could play Donkey Kong Country against a friend by seeing who could beat the game first. First you would play the level, then your friend would have different colored clothing and play the same level. I know New Super Mario Bros. allows you all to play on one team, but I don't really enjoy it. Thanks for the input.  




 Bioshock Infinite rapes The Last of Us... Sorry, but The Last of Us is nothing compared to BI. BI WAS INCREDIBLEEEEE.  




 That's Hoggle.  




 You need to be in a 1990's Tim Burton movie ASAP. 




 That was one of the first comics to ever make me laugh out loud. "He ate my dreams!" 




 Also, is he a dwarf? 




 K.... 

Jiffy! 02:16-02:19

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6Hzrbbga8c feature=youtu.be t=1m45s

 




 Hit those notes girl.  




 That was like the acting in every other porno ever.  




 That was the gayest walk I've ever seen, and I've seen some pretty gay walks.  




 This gif has made my day.  




 Jiffy! 02:16-02:19 




 I downvoted cause I found what he was talking about actually interesting.  




 Hehe.... Filthy Assholes. 




 How can you hide even a small dildo under a bible? 




 I thought you were going to say Veggie Tales.  




 U just have bad taste. 




 Whatever Sharon did... She looks a lot more... Masculine... And stuff..... Before she was kinda ugly... Now she's definitely attractive.... Don't hate me but I can see Sharon leaving Alaska..... UGH WHY AM I SAYING THIS I'M A HORRIBLE PERSON. I BELIEVE IN LOVE!!!! But seriously.... Sharon looks WAY different.  




 So... What was that secret drink? Also, this shit about only having abs after starving yourself and such has to be BS right?  




 You are high.  




 This actually made me laugh a little.  




 I love Ru... But.... WTF.  




 having seen this several times.... i still love it.... i always wish it was longer. i love the little fetus calling daddy kfed.  




 Damn 602 days. What's your secret? 




 i'm 23. and yeah. ledger's performance will go down in history as one of the greatest performances of all time.  




 dark knight's a classic. timeless 




 douche 




 NO I AM SOOO STOKEDDDD 




 helll yes, spider-man! you rock! 




 let's dooo it. add me on skype or something so we can keep each other motivated.  




 I'm gonna do it. My longest streak was 35 days. On easy-hard mode (hooked up and had sex without ejaculating).... I'm ready for this shittt.  




 Maybe. Oh is an Asian last name I've heard before.  




 YEAHHHHH. But seriously. 90 days hard mode, decided yesterday. Starting today. Almost 48 hours in.  




 that guy was such an annoying douche 




 FUCK THAT 




 HER?! 




 That was amazing! 




 http://image.made-in-china.com/43f34j00sMLavVjtElqF/Aisi420-Stainless-Steel-Ball-SUS420-.jpg 




 Lame. Not WTF just wanna be quirky. Downvote. 




