 I wasn't planning on doing any red. I did plan on some orange but I decided against it because of a background i may put on it in the future 




 Thanks! :) like I said im really indecisive about it right now which is why im waiting to make a decision. 




 I changed my mind! I decided im going to add more the the background on the piece, likely some blue/pink/orange tropical flowers. So its actually going to be a larger piece now rather than just the bird on its own. Perhaps. Not truly decided yet which is why im waiting! 




 Thanks! Her name is Lisa dowling she works from her home in the GTA. She's been tattooing for 20+ years so I really trust her with my pieces! 









 My next sit is February 6th, so i'll post one soon enough! :) i actually found it to be the most painful of any of my tattoos, i have 3 others which are all black and white, this is my first colour piece. I found the most painful spots we're the top of the wings near my butt and the back portion of the bird. But definitely the wings were the worst.

Considering it is the largest piece i've had and also the longest sit at 3.5 hours i feel that was part of the reason it began to hurt quite a bit. It's also a lot of shading and colouring in one spot, but definitely a sensitive area to get a large piece like this 




 When my tattoo artist was positioning it she was actually talking about how important it is that the lines follow your natural curve. I agree with her, if not it makes your body look off. Im really stoked she played good attention to positioning! 




 She doesn't, she has a group on facebook but I believe it's closed now and only previous clients can view it. She hard to get! The wait right now is about 6 months... PM me and I'll see what we can do! Btw hi from Whitby as well :) 




 She used to work at sinful inflictions in Whitby but ended up getting a great client base and left to work from her home! She now has a studio in her house, fully licensed and whatnot. 




 Yeah I found it originally as a chalk drawing and loved it! Searched up the artist and saw the blurb and then was of course sure to switch it up and give my artist her own personal freedom on the piece. It translated into a tattoo really well! 




 Im thinking orange and some mauve as well. Like a tropical colour theme 




 thank you! I gave her the basic idea and said to get creative with it and she honestly hit it out of the park! It looks like a pastel/watercolour which I find really amazing. 




 Thanks! On the next sit she'll be adding some orange into the blank areas and colouring the tail feathers. Im also considering adding some drop shadowing, but im not sure yet. 









 How come a girl can't just like a hairy man? i hate the concept of manscaping, i think men are meant to be hairy and i don't expect him to remove his natural growth! 




