





























 You coming?  





































































 Anyone have any pointers on a cool hotel to stay at and an awesome place to get Thai or Mexican food?

 









 Havent seen him live since 2002. I'm way too excited about this right now.  







































 I'm reaching middle age and I could spend a good day in the shed going through my drill bits, sockets sets and lures. All the while listening to some Supertramp.
Dont get me wrong, I love it.
What else, guys?  














 Anyone else have this issue?  


































 JN8AZ08W77W614669

Thank you much. 












































 Insert any sport. 
























 I have a chromecast up in my bedroom but now I have a full on smart tv. Anyone have any cool tips for me?  




 1FTZR45E63TA39056

Thank you so much. 




 Kickin rock?  




 I use it as a wood working area and the kids store toys/bikes etc. I have see numerous wasps inside but have yet to find a nest. It has a lot of nooks and crannies. There are 2 allergies in the family.  









 I really don't recall him doing anything that would call for this kind of hate. Is it just a build up? 



























































 Have you found anything that has actually worked? Allergy in the household.  
























 ...and it took everything in my soul to not pick up the free lazy boy and Foosball table I saw on the side of the road. 




 Stay strong. 














 They seem to be really cheap on craigslist. Like half of what others are asking for similar trucks. 



















 "at the truck stop we go our separate ways" Journey- Separate Ways 









 Here is the breakdown.

I live in Connecticut so I need 4x4 as I have already had it with my previous jeep grand cherokee and can never go back. Winters get really rough here and my driveway is a pain


It will be my daily driver and my commute is approximately 20-25 miles a day all said and done.


I want to spend no more than $6500

I mainly need it for yard work/dump as my new house has a large yard and no woods in the back. I prefer a long bed as I will be using it for holding my kayak and summer sports gear. 

This will be my first truck. What should I be looking for? Thank you for any response.

 






















































 We made it through to 2 seasons we were able to rent quickly. Where can we watch season 3? Dying for more.  



























































 They aren't frequent at all but they are persistent when they do happen. I am currently sitting in my living room, house to myself for the weekend, 8 beers in and almost just went down to the store to grab a pack. 

I'm not, though. Just typing this out to you guys reminds me of what is wrong with that picture.

sure fucking sneaks up on ya' though, huh? 




 Let's see them.  




 I quit smoking 5 months ago and quit drinking last week. I joined the Y last week as well. I have very high cholesterol. I am 215 and 5'10. My gut is embarrassing large. 

Yesterday though when I was jogging my shins/calves in serious pain. Is this normal? What should I be doing differently? Any suggestions on what to do?
 




 Tonight on SNL boys and girls.  




 as of now i use one of those 5 dollar usb thingys that i plug my s4 usb into but all it does is pretty much drain the battery. verizon wants like 30 bucks. does that sound right? 









 She is rubbing his balls for several minutes.

He asks "you sure love doing that"

She says "I really miss rubbing mine" 






















































 I was living in Seattle and it was around '99. I had entered a contest on Becks website to win a prize package. At the time I was 21 years old, living in a rented room in a band house and barely used the internet. 

A friend of mine bought me tickets to the Beck show at Key Arena as a surprise. It was the Midnite Vultures tour and I freaking knew it was going to be a god damn funky ass shit show. I brought my "demo tape" of  various songs I had created on a shitty four track in my back pocket. I snuck in a joint and had my robot dancing shoes on. 

Ths show, of course kicked ass. The one thing that really stood out was when he did Debra he started it by being lowered down on a king size bed. I thought that shit was the smoothest thing I had ever seen (and still do). At some point I threw my tape up on stage only to see some stage hand kick it back off :(....

Cut to about 3 days after the show I receive a good size package in the mail at work (that was the only address I really trusted at that time) I open it up to find every Beck album released to date...signed by Beck, a t-shirt and a letter that explained what everything was and it said "we hope you enjoyed your VIP experience" 

WTF!!!!

I rev up my bosses beige IBM desktop and sign on to my hotmail (which I never checked...apparently) to find an email congratulating me on winning the prize package. I was to pick up my 2 VIP passes at will call at the same fucking show I went to. 

Yep. That happened. 














 Won't let me interact with it. I press the play button but it just freezes everything and closes baconreader. I even downloaded the vimeo ap but it doesn't even ask if I want to use it when opening a vimeo link. Anyone have this issue?  
























 Any luck with anything? I'm about to [purchase this](http://joby.com/smartphones/griptight-gorillapod-original?utm_source=googleProductSearch utm_medium=CSE utm_campaign=JM3-01WW gclid=CN-o8ZLL_LsCFel9OgodmhkAnA) 



















 Some things you just don't know where to put. 




 I would love for anothber story line to happen with her.  







































 I just watched the dog scene in I Am Legend and I'm sobbing.  












































 I am most likely going to do it in this next year. 




 The axis logos keep turning on and off sporadically and my screens go back to different configs.  






















































 Hard part is; I am chef by trade and around food 8-12 hours a day. 









 Fuck.  














 I want to do live mic stuff. Is this a possibility?  














 I can get a free pizza at a local pizza place but I'm sure there are some other ones.  



















 anyone run into this problem? Also, why in the hell is my wi-fi not in any of my toggle trays? 




 Are you able to use the micro usb for an external mic while using the top headphone jack as a monitor? 












































 I would like to be able to be sure it all shows up the way I would like it to. ;) 









 What do you guys think [of this deal](http://www.musiciansfriend.com/pro-audio/cad-pro-7-drum-microphone-kit-7-piece?source=3WWRWXGP gclid=CPfCk8r_07oCFQpnOgoddFcAyQ kwid=productads-plaid%5e57299776267-sku%5e270749000000000@ADL4MF-adType%5ePLA-device%5ec-adid%5e30424599627)? 




 I have never had a credit card, mortgage or car payment. Hell, I use a pay as you go phone. I am 35. I believe In had a department store card about 15 years ago with a 200 dollar limit and I can't even remember if I paid it off or not. 




 +100 ,!!! 




 I am always really curious of the state or town these pictures are coming from. Love this sub. Stay cool, y'all. 














