 I am sorry, but bird is not worth a US Senate Seat or devoting that much land to it. 




 You are cute! Don't let people ruin your self-esteem like that. 




 I watch the entire story on the local TV news and the guy who filmed the beating stated that cop clearly used excessive force. 




 I think the local DA needs to charge the guy with Assault with Deadly Weapon (his hands) just to show to Cops that they cannot use excessive force.  




 Are they trying to set up a defense for "Not Guilty Due to Insanity" or trying to getting a mitigating circumstance to prevent the prosecutors from using the death penalty

Or is this case to charge her with involuntary manslaugher and get a twelve year jail term instead of life without parole.  Even if they reduced to second degree murder, she would still have to do 45 to life on the term. 




 I wonder if that person helped the NSA with some its nefarious activities. 




 I just find that sentenced to be a little stiff for my tastes.  He would have to produce a lot of images like (400-1000) to get that many years.  He should have gone 25 years instead which is still a stiff sentence but more in align with the crime. 




 It is their problem. Our social welfare system cannot handle them. 




 Why would we ever want to vote on that dreaded bill again. 




 The only way that I state "Yes" to this is that Fox News misinforms a large percentage of people on bad policy when it comes to environmental policy.  Since a large percentage of the Fox News viewer is misinformed on environmental policy, Republican politicians do not get significant pressure from their constituency to change environmental policy 




 What were the results? 




 Personally, I do not see it as offensive.  Only when the "God" means the God of fundamentalists do I cringe. 




 She is just like any othe ex-politico making money.  There is a huge market because everybody wants to know her opinion and analysis on things and therefore, she can command that type of dollars. Look at Clinton, Newt, Condi, or even the sociopath Cheney and they get big bucks for making speeches.  And Obama? He will get ton of money when he leaves office. 




 So is the GOP going to use this a fodder for blaming the Obama administration for making thee economy worse than it actually is 




 The real question is that removing money is going to desired effects that liberals want which is a more progressive government. Or is it really going not to have any effect because the wealthy and powerful will find other ways to influence government without using direct campaign donations. 




 Totally agreed, this is a travesty of justice especially knowing that she was a raised a Christian.   




 What BS is that? 




 True Libertarians are Ron Paul or Gary Johnson.  Note: They do not believe that LGBT people should be stoned. 




 Wing nuts at their best! 




 ISIS is going to turn Iraq into a Islamic theocracy. There is nothing that the US could do or should do except stay out of the conflict. 




 Spend time tripping on the net. 




 Well, that has been on a lot of National Enqurier posts. 




 Don't these people remember  the Status of Force Agreements.
 




 This stuff makes me gnash with me because it could be me.  Drinking and driving is the one of the reasons why I have to practice my recovery program harder or else I will be that driver. 




 I have not believed a single word of the IRS scandal.  However, this makes me suspicious.  Documents just do not "missing" unless there is something to hid.  The Obama administration should provide these documents so they shut up the GOP.  However, it seems the opposite thing is happening and so maybe there is more than meet the eye on this issue. 




 There is a really good place off Harbor and Banner that offers $7 hair cuts that are real good and cheap. 




 It was good to meet your group. Perhaps, I will stop by the next time to play some bocce today. 




 Is that a little bit of a cheap shot? 




 She is full of the bling, bling. 




 Now, the real question is how much that 12 cent hamburger is worth today.  In today's dollars, would be worth $1.72 or $6.00. 




 This sounds giving out a free lunch.
 




 Good video. 




 That is Japan is much more densely populated than the US. Yes, California has areas that extremely high density but there is huge distances of very sporadicaly populated where building a train would be inefficient. 




 Just end halt the railroad.  It is money pit headed towards nowhere. High speed rail works far better on the east coast. 




 Mile Square Park would have better location for those people who live in Central OC/North OC. (The 37, 35, 72, 66, and 70 run more frequently than the 87 and 90 does). 




 That area has terrible bus service.  The bus does run there but it only runs like every 80 minutes for both the 87 and 90. 




 Great, just what we need another military ramp up. 




 It is okay, but not really epic. I do not understand why his videos get a billion hits. 




 Your tits are rock hard! We love them! 




 Turn to my programs of recovery to deal with the pain of hitting rock bottom.  I also had my friends help me through the pain of hitting of rock bottom.   




 No pants rules! 




 It is conservative website.  What do you expect? 




 Yes, it happened yesterday.  It sucked. 




 Boko Haram is just pure evil.  They are even worse than Al-Queda.  Even Al-Quaeda does not do stuff like this. 




 Where is the gallow when you need it?  This guy is a poster boy for capital punishment. 




 Have autism and just not interested.
 




 Blame Citizens United for this one  




 Do people actually believe this stuff? 




 There needs to be a serious rewrite of rules regarding the application of use of force by police officers.  Any unauthorized use of force beyond that the proper rules of engagement can result in felony prosecution.  Once you get start jailing cops on mass for excessive force, than you will see these type of incidents.

If I were a prosecutor, I would have zero tolerance for this behavior especially if there is no real or perceived threat engaged by the officer.  The officer should be charged with misdemeanor assault.  He should not lose his job, but he will have a misdemeanor on his record for assault. 




 What about the concept of separation of Church and State. 




 beauty. 




 There is no such connection.  The guy is not even Christian at all.  There is a lot of patriarchal religions other than Christianity where the male is supposed to be the dominant head of the family.  This exists in almost of all traditional society where gender equality has started to be occur in the recent eras.   




 Maybe we should learn not to trust Iran ever, but to exercise extreme professional skepticism about Iran.  War is not option, but skilled, skeptical diplomacy is the key. 




 Why would people want that creep to represent them? Or maybe, he is a such creep that he makes $$$ on bad lawsuits.   




 You never really predict or you can prevent these events.  These are people are pure psychopaths and evil and this stuff cannot happen.  The only thing that you can really do is ban all firearms, but how much with this actually prevent these massive casualties.  




 The US fails to calculate the human cost of its military inventions and other indirect intervention.  If an external cost was placed on the cost estimate for each foreign incursion, the US would find out that its budgets are too high and would scale back on foreign intervention.  




 It will be impossible to get to 350 PPM at the current state of politics.  With the EU going to the far right and the US trapped with a far right House of Representatives, there is a little hope of ever getting to 350 PPM. 




 It should be should job of muckracking reporters like Glen Greenwald to tell the truth
 There is too much institutional paranoia and turf-fighting that prevents more open disclosure of state secrets that no longer should be state secrets. 




 Abbott=Dumb. 




 The British NHS and the VA model is not the way to go. 




 Neat 




 The real solution is provide better individual training to job counselors,  




 In my job market, I am beginning to partially "give up" my job search.  There is enough work at my local Labor Ready to get at least 32-40 hours a work.  Yes, it is grunt work, but at least there is work.

Most of the problem with people "giving up" exist in small labor markets with limited job opportunities in very limited jobs.  There is only so many grunt jobs/minimum wage jobs to go around.

The flaw in the Republican thinking about not extending benefits is to understand the job markets where there is abundance of low-wage jobs that are easy to get and job markets where there is limited low-wage jobs and there is huge competition for those jobs.

The other issue is that most one-stops center job counselors lack the proper training to teach job-searchers proper job search strategy.  Most of people need to taught how to network outside their comfort zone and how to develop large contacts of people.  The one-stop center really lack the in-depth training to use these resources. 




 Great freestyling there! 




 It was too high. It should be about $12.00 an hour which is much more reasonable minimum wage given the country's cost of living. 




 Awesome! 




 Beautiful! 




 Dumb, but kinda funny. I have seen a lot worse than this  




 Be on Reddit of course 




 How about cutting some dollars from the prison budget and bring parole to all offenders unless they commit a serious sexual offense or first degree murder.   




 Tax credits are big wasted of money is a lot of circumstances. 




 Right-Wing Bigots. 




 Rich assholes. 




 Seems like fodder for the NDP in upcoming elections.  Maybe Steven Harper's policies are actually showing signs of faltering. 




 I wonder what this guy is going to do to his prison cellie if he talks too much.   




 I better this a lot of people who are going to miss get high with that amount of dope. 




 There is incredibly stupid idea in California because people drive ridiculous commutes just to work for a job.  Not everybody has the ability to pick up where they live and relocate within five miles of their job.

I can do that especially in an area of abundance of recovery homes until I find a room to rent.  Not everybody can relocate very quickly and very fast.  And a lot of people do not want to move away from their families and friends just to live near where they work just to avoid to paying a tax. 




 Like deregulation and lowering tax rates is going to improving things.  That might increase corporate funds, but it will funnel either back to repurchasing stock or issuing more dividends to stockholders. 




 The real issues are not Benghazi, the IRS, or the Fast and the Furious. It is really the drone issue which is the real travesty of justice committed by the Obama administration. 




 People that habitual drunk driving laws should be subject to felony convictions if they commit at least four drunk driving charges in ten years.  Once they get more than four DUIs in ten year, each subsequent DUI is a felony.  Eventually, the subject offenders will get nailed by the habitual offender laws in their states and will face stiff jail time (like 15+ years in jail for DUI).  If a person commits habitual DUIs over a long period of time, but does not commit four in a ten year window, should not subject to be a felony law. 




 Like 1991? 




 Please tell me that we need more patriarchy in this country.  That is all what these "prayer rallies" are all about.  




 This is way too long to plot to kill somebody. Doing that is just way to throw your life in a heartbeat. 




 Everytime that I have to read one of these stories is less one reason for to drink again.  Just reading these stories is enough for me not to drink again. 




 Why this guy only doing 12 years on a murder charge. The guy should eventually get out, but not until doing at least 25-35 years in jail. 




 Maybe, it is time to quit. 




 Maybe, we should actually investigate as preventive issue. I think the Republicans should stop looking at the past so much and focus on more what can be done to improve border security.  The blame game with Benghazi should be over by now because the scandal is two years old and any future effort should be focus on improving diplomatic security in the future and any further investigation into Benghazi should be going forwrd. 




 This is absolutely horrible. I would give the guy 22 years for this. 




 They are moving to be closer to their manufacturing facilities in the South .  This is very similar when Boeing moved to Chicago to be closer to the defense manufacturing facilities in St. Louis and also be closer to DC for lobbying purposes. Northrop Grumman did the same thing in Southern California. 

Taxes are a secondary reason for the move.  It is a just a secondary benefit to the problem. 




 The problem is that places like Texas encourage America to have a run for the bottom.  People like Rick Perry do not even realize that they are allowing the corporate vampires to create a race to the bottom by making all of these business go to places where they score cheaper labor and bad regulations instead of making their regulations similar to California. However, they are so dumb and beholden to the dollar, that they do not realize that they are not helping the their own citizens. 




 How is Robocop is going to more efficient at catching the bad guys than humans are? 




 Has anybody look at the old tests that they give eighth grades back in 1912? I bet your average twelfth graders could not even pass that. 




 The stupid library and the Anaheim Work Center all use Internet Explorer. It is the government that likes to use Internet Explorer. 




 A easy Hilary Clinton blowout for sure.
 




 That is so sad, but some people just lack the coping skills to handle surprise rejection. 




 Maybe Christie is finally going to jail. 




 I went to treatment and built a strong support network. I also moved to a sober living. My story is a little bit complicated because of several major relapses and two duis. But I finally got year clean. Also, do not hang out friends who chronically smoke weed and stay way from friends who recreationally smoke until you got one year clean and are not triggered in any form by people who smoke on front of you.  




 Or better yet, pass out on the floor. 




 Throw up. 




 Since I am in recovery, I can relocated very easily and very quickly. 




 The cost of living is very high in LA and it has hard to find a place to live quickly unless you are in recovery.  The best way is to fake that you are in recovery and you will find it a lot faster to find housing cheaply. When you are in recovery, it is very easy to find cheap places to live that offer weekly rentals compared to living in a hotel that will be very expensive and unaffordable at that wage. 




 Unless the job is a job that is going to give a foothold into a industry (such as entertainment) that is around in Southern California or the employer will have a lot of contacts for future employment in that industry, I would say no. 




 Jail them for life without parole.  They are bunch of real creeps that need locked in the SHU and left to rot there for the rest of their life. 




 Please? Do not come here.  You are not welcomed. 




 American States Utitilies is a company to look at. 




 I think it is overgeneralization. However, some of those guys are linked to fringe right-wing sights, not your are typical wise-use supporters like Bundy is.  They are not terrorists, but rather people that are sketchy and unbalanced.

The other people just believe in the rights of landowners over the rights of the federal government.  In reality, this is over very different interpretations of the constitution and not people who are considered to be domestic terrorists.  




 In some places, it might. It might also inspire some gun nuts to accidentely kill somebody.

Concealed-carry laws should require strict background checks and risk assessments for the reason for having them.  There is needs to be a good, justifiable reason why you should the right to carry loaded gun in public concealed. 




 So the local news is going to replace the paper.  Who is going to report on the local news once the OC Register.  There is no local cable news network that dedicates itself to local coverage.

 




 Why would anybody vote that bill? 




 The answer to that question is "No" although I prefer him to Chris Christie or Ted Cruz. Rand Paul is better candidate than Ted Cruz/Chris Christie, but I think that he would dismantle too many government programs. 




 Try to post the link to City-Data which is another forum that deals area-specific issues.  Topix is another but that site is loaded with right-wing nutjobs . 




 Yes, that sounds pretty fishy to me.  Have you checked a premium support calculator yet? 




 So is going to work at place like Labor Ready a good idea for the long-term unemployed at this point even though they are very highly-skilled labor? 




 There is always LaborReady. Yes, I might do that (not because I running out of money), but I have to start working soon (at any job). 




 Orange County is doing very well economically.  Just remember to live in North OC to avoid high rent costs.  The best area is the border between Garden Grove/Westminster to avoid getting nailed on high rent costs. 




 Usually two interviews for all of the jobs that I have gotten. 




 I have never had Craigslist lied about salary, but for accounting and finance openings on Craigslist, companies are usually for real and not shady. 




 He will got some serious prison time for this.  He will least at get five years for this crime as stated in Georiga Code Section No. 16-5-70 (http://law.justia.com/codes/georgia/2010/title-16/chapter-5/article-5/16-5-70/) 




 The GOP is going to have a field day with these scandals. 




 It is all of those federal dollar is why prisoners are overclogged.  If the states did not receive all of the dollars in the 1990s, the states would have not adopted such draconian truth-in-sentencing laws.  




 I would to work in the FBI and go after corporate crooks at Wells Fargo, Bank of America, and JP Morgan.  That would be sole mission if I was in charge of FBI instead of chasing nonexistent terror threats. 




 Flipping over in my car on second DUI. Could have killed somebody and gotten 15 years to life.  That was scary. 




 Get drunk at work and drive home.  Got second DUI in three months and never drove since. 




 Nope because it based on chemicals that weave thoughts based on prior memories and things from senses. 




 The devil. 




 Why should let some foreign power control the Internet? Do really want the EU to control it? 




 Yeah, Single Payer will not happen any time soon because the GOP is going to get the Senate back in 2014.  




 I hope they do not schedule it during rush hour.  That would be insane knowing how bad the I-405 south gets.  




 Is this is a prelude to war? 




 I doubt that there is anything that the US can do. 




 Call my friend's business called Traffic Tax Services at (714) 603-2343.  For more details, please go to (http://www.trafficticketfixers.com/).

He advertises a 90% success rate, but I am not sure that if it accurate. Still, the method that he uses will significantly reduce the chance of getting conviction.. (Note: This business is legit). 




 Cashiers. 




 What an ass. 




 Great! This sounds like a flop. 




 Bitcoins are no good. 




 Another dumb move by the GOP. 




 This is where they could nail bush
"2340A. Torture

(a) Offense.Whoever outside the United States commits or attempts to commit torture shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both, and if death results to any person from conduct prohibited by this subsection, shall be punished by death or imprisoned for any term of years or for life.

(b) Jurisdiction.There is jurisdiction over the activity prohibited in subsection (a) if

(1) the alleged offender is a national of the United States; or

(2) the alleged offender is present in the United States, irrespective of the nationality of the victim or alleged offender.

(c) Conspiracy.A person who conspires to commit an offense under this section shall be subject to the same penalties (other than the penalty of death) as the penalties prescribed for the offense, the commission of which was the object of the conspiracy."
 




 2 DUIs in a year.  Top that. 




 My mom. 




 Yeah, but the Supreme Court would block such lawsuits. 




 Hmm. I had little issue with Kaiser plans at all. 




 Getting my second DUI. 




 This shows how weak the DUI laws are in that state.  She should get at least five years in prison. 




 Maybe, they regrwted that they did vote for Hilliary in the 2008 primaries. 




 The Harbor bus on the weekends can be bad. I remember going to Target one day and there was no bus for 40 minutes on the Northbound route. So I eventually took the Southbound route to the Walmart

The 56 was nailed me a couple of times but mainly due to construction delays that has nailed me with two job interviews. 




 He is an idiot.  Complete bungler. 




 US progressives need to understand the limits of what state intervention in the economy is.  Currently, there is too little regulation and state intervention in the US, but this country shows what too much overreach does. 




 This is just like Sochi. It is massive waste of public finances on facility that will have little long-term return on capital. 




 As much that I despied Morsei regime, this is totally bad tactics by the Egyptian government.  A better alternative by the military-backed government was to let Morsi go into exile into another country (aka: UAE or Saudi Arabia) 




 Cooper Fellowship has some rooms, but you need to be in  recovery and they have mandatory meeting requirements.  In addition, you have to share a room with somebody else. 




 He never get the death penalty. California is going to real hard time to getting a death penalty procedure past the Ninth Circuit and with the drug shortage, it will be even harder to get the proper drugs even if they did all of the death penalty procedures correctly. 




 This shows the effect of the insanity of being drunk. 




 dumbass. 




 Why do we want to have guns on post office ground, but refuse to extend unemployment insurance? What gives you right to bring a stupid gun into a post office? You are not hunting anything or you are not imminent danger of getting shto. 




 Yeah, I had a similar story. I lost my glasses in my own room. Could not find them.  Roommate finds the room in an area that I would not even consider looking for in my bedroom. 




 Maybe, the economy actually headed towards another downturn. 




 Those guy are psycho! Whole life term for those fools. 




 It seems that austerity never leads to any solution. 




 Hike gasoline to $8.00 a gallon in the US and you start to see some major changes.  The only to cut emission to stick it to people in their pocketbooks. 




 I lost several accounting jobs because I have had a serious case of ADHD. I just beginning to realize that my main problem is not ADHD, but the selection of music that I listen to.  I have to listen minimal or ambient music to have insane concentration.  I have the correct medication regiment, but I cannot function in perfectly silent background.  I guess ambient music has the correct connection to my brain.  




 I totally agree. 




 Is that a first world problem? 




 Why should they waste time with that? 




 What about in California? 




 Damn Brits! 




 Move it to a Schedule II drug. 




 He has the same approval ratings of Congress. 




 When will the India do something culture of male aggressiveness that promote thus behavior in the first place. 




 Consequences of a tax code gone insane. 




 It is because she was hot mama that it cost so much money If it was a dude, he would be a death row in a heart beat. 




 Why would I?  With the GOP, nothing is going get done. Obama is done and finished now. 




 Beautiful shot. 




 Where did you get that piece of proganda? The American Family Association or The Family Research Council. 




 He is a crook. 




 What a bunch of savages! They should be locked for a term not exceeding 50 years. 




 When I was 12. 




 Taking my pills. 




 bored at home. 




 This guy is a nut. 




 Well, that is the cost when you get duped by Goldman Sachs and you cannot collect your taxes properly. 




 Maybe they need join the fellowship Bill Wilson and Dr. Bob. 




 What is their fear?   




 This guy needs to wait ten years without commit another sex offense or felony (except for minor drug possession and pass a psychological evaluation before he can clear to practice the bar. 




 Having two DUIs. 




 They should have kept the major routes in central and North OC running until 2:30 AM such as the 53, 60, 43, 57, 50, 42, 29, 91, 1, 89, 47, 64, 54. 




 Yeah, that is why I did not go to my friends party last night. 




 The only way to end the problem is the enacting the Sherman Anti-Trust Act and tax, tax, and more tax until the corporate are banks are broken into dozens and dozens of regional and local banks that invest directly into the local and regional economies.  Our regulators are afraid of enacting a massive Sherman Anti-Trust act against the banks to break them up into dozens and dozens of large regional and local banks that are force to compete against each other instead of engaging in massive collusion.  This is the real free-market capitalism and not crony monopoly capitalism. 




 A UFO? 




 Because it upsets the balance sheets of his crony capitalist supporters.  Climate change is real and the right denies like a drug addiction because it undermines their entire political philosophy. 




 He never made reached his "potential" on the Lakers. How is another teaming going to use this guys abilities. 




 He is a punk. 




 Construction jobs. 




 I have been to Burning Man five times. 




 At my college. 




