 If it does what it says it does, it's ok for the price.  However it's not telling you what grade of metal.  Just "not pure gold" or "not pure silver".  You get much more detail with XRF. 




 The infinite thickness for gold is 10 microns. Gold plating is usually thinner than that. So our unit can see the underlying metal and give you a warning.  Even reaching the limit, it looks at the ratio between the M and L shell kEV cps and can also give you a warning.

Super engineered counterfeits can fool XRF for sure, but those are rare and costly to make.  What people are doing is getting stainless steel (austenitic aka doesn't respond to magnets), stamping them 18k and then going place to place to see if someone will buy it as white gold.  Stainless steel will pass the 18k scratch acid test, but it instantly shown on XRF to have no gold.  Same with grandma's jewelry.  People will swear up and down that this is a pure 18k gold ring that has been passed down for generations, but the XRF will spot regular plating and costume jewelry in 5 seconds or less.

XRF also helps you pay for exactly what you get when it is authentic.  14k gold should be 58.5% gold.  However, most of the stuff made in recent years is 55% gold.  So if your item passes the 14k scratch test, and you are paying out on 58.5% by weight, then you are losing money when you go to sell it to the foundry who will do an fire assay and get the correct %.

Most big pawn/coin shops will have an XRF unit.  Hardcore Pawn has 2 of ours that they use on the show occasionally.  




 Acid tests aren't even that accurate, but they are cheap.  I sell xray units that give precise gold concentration and tell you if they could be fake.  They are $18000 though. 




 my step dad has a  08 g35xS sedan and I have a 08 g37s coupe.  The coupe handles more like a 370z while the sedan handles more like a maxima. So, yeah there is a noticeable difference. 




 You were so preoccupied with whether or not you could, you didn't stop to think if you should. 




 I'm right in the butter zone.   Couldn't keep my unlimited data, but I'm not on the ones that up your rate if you do a 2 year thing.  I COULD save $20 or so by going to an EDGE plan and then having the phone be $25/mo for 24 mo.  But it's cheaper to get it subsidized and keep the current plan.  There is just a new 2 year contract and a ETF if it's canceled. like I said, I'm not going anywhere, so why should I spend $600 when I can spend $250? 




 The newest plans are like that.  "0 down and $20/mo extra until it's paid off."  I have a slightly older plan.  No extra fees or any garbage like that. 




 I'll keep my same plan, not an edge plan.  Just $250, no extra anywhere outside of an ETF, which isn't an issue because I'm not jumping ship until someone has better LTE coverage (not likely).  Sell my current phone for ~$250 and it's a net 0 swap for me. 




 some people want it subsidized. 




 So did DMX 




 If you can find a G37, I'd get that. But the engines are really bulletproof.  The accessories might give you some hang ups, but they would be all minor if at all 




 RC-F hasn't gotten good reviews 




 At least I'll get 5 days in before mine. 




 didn't wait a week... 




 Enjoy your faster burn in!

This is a setting that gets you to notice it on the shelves.  The black with blue circle isn't that noticeable...intentionally.  




 According to my wife, Horns was better as a movie than book 




 Been that way since you could change to custom ringers on old flip phones 




 Wd-40 wasn't made as a lube.  It's a water displacement formula (#40) 




 Read this as un-ionization and the effect on equality.   

Guess I'm more chemist than plumber 




 They are hearty bastards for sure...but I've never had an issue with them.  Even the rare one barely touched me. (that mission prompts were hilarious.) 




 Farcry 4 




 yup. me too.  Stock 19"s 




 Motorola finance isn't a credit card.  I'll Keep the plan I have (business one), pay $250 for the phone, sell my other phone, it'll be a net $0 transaction for me 




 ALMOST the same title.  The first one was "why don't you shut your whore mouth, watch" 




 The Samsung fit app 




 @20% interest...no thanks.  And I want the subsidized price 




 at least we can use it anywhere we go 




 "Think about how stupid the average person is, then think about half of us are stupider than that!" -- George Carlin 




 Pretty sure this also made those state restrictions illegal 




 I'm surprised WA has so many union workers even today.  It was consistently in the top 3 for all years shown.  I'm going to guess that's Boeing and oil refineries? 




 Ordered an exhaust from stillen, came in 2 large boxes with custom foam. The stainless parts would have been scratched to shit otherwise 




 2 types of people.  Those that have laid the bike down, and those that are going to 




 Could be how they normally were.  After childbirth some tits end up like this 




 Same here.  I can start a new line and get it for $250, then sell my note 3 to cover the etf and part of the nexus.  $200 is much better than $650 




 Me too. Just wish there was more beach volleyball close by.  Looks like I'll just have to wait. 




 construction, plumbing, welding...any blue collar field, etc

Women can certainly do those jobs, but they tend to be much more physically demanding.  The average man can do those jobs and get worn out pretty easily after a day of work in training.  The average woman will have a far tougher time accomplishing the same job.

Not sure what best describes this, "free market" maybe?  Of all the blue collar jobs, I would think electricians would be best for both sexes.  Lifting some wire bundles and running up and down ladders should be just as easy for both. Unlike normal construction/framing.  That's a lot of weight you are always moving around.

My father built houses all his life.  He's so strong (even at 72) that he is faster on his own than most 2 man crews.  That Y chromosome comes in handy once in a while.  




 I saw a Lamborghini Gallardo with a similar paint job last week in Mill Creek Town Center  




 This happened to me after the 5.0.2 update.

I uninstalled the AW, restarted (not reset) my watch and reinstalled the watch.  I think I had to hit menu, then connect again and it finally popped back on. 




 Good racing game, but I prefer the racing sims more like Gran Turismo.  Can't wait to see what Project Cars comes out with. 




 They are forced induction.  So they force more air into the engine.  If you can get more air in there, you can get more fuel (air to fuel ratio, or stoichiometry, says when the mix will ignite) .  More fuel = bigger bang.  Bigger bang = more power pushing the cylinder down.

Now how they function it's different between sc and turbo.  Turbo's use the exhaust to spin a turbine on one half of it, when then sucks more air in on the other side.

Super chargers use the belts of the engine to drive the turbine (or other type).  Supercharged cars usually have no delay or lag between when you hit the has pedal, while turbo suffer from turbo lag from them taking some time to spool up to pressure.

You rarely see supercharged 4 cylinder cars, but 6+ cylinder can go either way. 
 




 Can't stand them.  It's the most idiotic thing on TV and I can't figure out how they keep getting renewed.

I did respect them more when I found out that they were behind some of the Old Spice commercials.  Those are funny.  Their shows? Not so much. 




 When you are trying to record something at 250000-1000000 times per second, you can only get so much data from each frame.  Eliminating color saves a boat load of data.  The grainy look is the low resolution, but ultra high speed detector.  




 Shows you how much kinetic energy a bullet has.  Even a pistol. 




 Looks like Jon Stewart's hair 




 But only just recently. 




 Yeah, developer mode has to enabled first 




 Waze app will show you where people have reported seeing police recently.  




 If you mostly get calls from cell phones, the app seems to tell you "this information is not available to the public" 




 That's a Moto thing more than android.  But it's pretty cool.  That and Moto assist.  




 The running joke in central Oregon is that when you move in, you get a starter package that is a subaru with a dog in the back. 




 Max Hauss? From the newest Wolfenstien 




 Mass x velocity = momentum of impeding doom 




 Yeah, besides Dick Tracy, I can't think of any. 




 most them are like Omega, Movado, Citizen, etc.. you know, product placements.  I can't think of any watch that would stand out in a movie that's not something anyone can go out and buy. 




 What movies would you know the watch from?  Technically the bond one is from the video game 




 Had it for a year and I had a 100mbps connection.  It was noticeably slower on even the best one. But that was over a year ago, maybe it's improved 




 The speeds of some of the connections are too slow.  If you are paying for gigabit, but routing through a vpn that can't manage more than 10 mbps, what's the point? 




 He's afraid of Trent.

He's a beast.  I wouldn't want him stalking me either 




 Prey 




 nope. didn't know it existed  




 posted where? 




 What, people up north in Lynnwood not good enough to get an invite? Pshh 




 But I guessed the twist less than 1/2 way through it, and signs?  Yeah let's master interstellar travel and land on a place that is made up of 60% of stuff that can kill us.  




 walking down a flight of metal stairs in an abandoned aluminum plant.  My portable x-ray analyzer handle caught the stair behind me, came out of it's holster and the $30,000 unit went tumbling down 10 metal steps on to concrete.

Oops.. 




 I have a normal handcuff key on my keyring from back when I was security 15+ years ago.  i've never needed it, but rather not need it and have it than not have it and need it...like a condom. 




 Aircraft bone yard 




 Most of the west coast/I5 corridor actually 




 he posted that 3 hours after the pic, which is one hour after I posted this.

There was nothing to read at the time. 




 but then you can't go back to normal.  I like the small athletic frame.  Good for sports...and other things. 




 Yeah I think she saw it either from this chick or someone that copied it (maybe this girl copied someone else?) 




 This works well for Cosplay. 

My wife does this when she needs to go from normal to DD for a costume. 




 Call Ford and thank the engineers that you are alive. 




 Great A'Tuin 




 It's a safety thing.  If you know how to drive properly at speed, then you don't need VDC.  However, it's nice to have it on just in case you have a lapse of concentration.  I'll only turn it off on the track.  Otherwise, I let it be.

In snow and hills, these cars aren't that great even with snow tires. 




 Saw them in December in Seattle. I was sure that there was a backing track or someone playing off stage.

Lots of sounds from two dudes.

Also pretty cool that top gear used their song for their opening montage in this current series 




 She painted Mushu... 




 I was going to ask, Hydroflask? They were based in my hometown and they are amazing. 




 [Chris Rock has something to say about this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6dD32s-Qig#t=26) 




 me too 




 If you make an error on a return and they owe you more money, you get the interest on the money owed.

I didn't get the actual check until December when I filed the amendment in April.  There was a few dollars of interest on the extra $1500 they owed. 




 Or need it right now.  Price of convenience 




 it would have been like 2-3 if I hadn't been listening to KNDD all summer 




 Or there is something attached to the other side of the coin that we can't see 




 Only heard of 9 of these 




  Venomous

FTFY
 




 After he's born, you hold him with the look of "now what do I do?" 




 It's not fun, that's for sure 




 $63.45 




 I think some high end cars have it. Bmw Cadillac Mercedes, etc.  It's usually on their flagship cars 




 http://q13fox.com/2015/01/28/watch-seattle-school-teacher-on-cell-phone-pepper-sprayed-by-police-officer/ yup. Lawsuit for 500k in bound. 




 Well, yeah, but still.  I was really excited to have a really challenging boss to fight.  The other two were pretty easy after getting all the upgrades I had. 




 Napoleon complex 




 [this is her handywork](http://i.imgur.com/UBYRgab.gifv) 




 Yeah, I didn't like that you [kill Sauron God of War style](/spoiler) after like 4 button pushes 




 that's a genetic thing. Nothing you can do about it. 




 Her name is Blossom. 




 that and add the rings to Uranus 




 This is a day after my 15th birthday.  I guess I was just not in the cool club with these two. 




 Outside of the painful cold sores...on your genitals 




 But you can say that is "antique" and that will suffice.  




 and now with 3D printed bump keys, it'll get more and more scary how many people can have them. 




 my guess is he runs a coin shop.  [Numismatics](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Numismatics) is still a decent business most places.   I sell portable xray units to these places because they buy gold and need to verify that what they are buying isn't fake (and more reliable than acid scratch testing) 




 There are lots of [austenitic steel grades](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Austenitic_stainless_steel). I've verified the [316 portion](http://i.imgur.com/5SiEaQH.jpeg) myself. It's has a coating of chrome over it about 2 um (.002 millimeters) thick. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xVNRTaY4AM 




 The cop that choked out that guy in NYC wasn't convicted of anything, but he still did it.  We all saw it. 




 I liked the new judge dredd. Lots of blood and guts...like the old 80's and 90's action flicks. 




