 You need some scratching up on your Major League movies there Roger Dorn! :) 




 I know Georges line, but the free and clear reminded me of the scene when Pedro Cerano says Free and Clear, but Charlie Sheen asks 'did he day Free and Queer?' 




 Reading your title, have you watched the movie Major League part 2? 

 




 Yep, so have I.

I abandoned them when they were full blown iOS fanboys, but now they're less biased. 




 Josh went to the New yorker or something posh like that, didn't he?

He was a bit of a pretentious wanker at times, but he got the job done.

Jon Rettinger is probably one of favorites and I should visit technobuffalo more.

For video reviews, Jon and MKBHD are my top picks. 




 The verge is now the old Engadget. 

Engadget has now become what the verge used to be.  




 That I'm aware of, then again I'm sure parts of Asia are 240v too.

Holidaying in the states, the ex didn't shut the hell up about her hairdryer not working properly EVERYWHERE we went. 

She was hoping it worked differently when we went from San Diego to New York. 




 You guys 240v? I thought that part of the world was the 110-130v range too.

Well, looks like my hairdryer would work fine there.. If I had one, and if I had hair. 




 Its Reddit. There is a subreddit for every weird bit of obscure shit in the world. 




 240v ? Aus or NZ? 




 You need to post this in /r/NSFWmomoftheyear 




 Well hang on..

I did the ota manually to lollipop. 

So far I've had no dramas, the battery is better than it was on KitKat, the phone is still very snappy and quick, and it might be a placebo effect but the camera seems better.

The only issue I have is that the 4chan app Chanu no longer works. 




 I think its time for a r/bootgirl sub to be made specifically for her.

Trashy or not, I'd sub to it. 




 Well... Maybe her crotch looks like a worn boot 




 As long as that's not my family or SO in the pic, I'm all good with this post.

 




 Ooohhhh she's wearing boots.

Didn't see that till it was pointed out. 




 Mine showed the 'error', then told me to download it again, crashed the second time and now no new update is available.

They can't even get the bugs in the bug fix sorted 




 Nothing but a positive experience every time I've dealt with Vapeking 




 Oooohhh.. THAT Herman grid illusion... Oh yeah, I knew it was that I was looking for  




 Any episode that's Dale centric is a winner for me.

A firefighting we will go is awesome as well, not Dale centric, but plenty of his awesomeness  




 Thanks mate, what about battery? 




 Thanks mate, pretty basic, compared to the nexus 5..

- battery life
- camera
- sound quality
- screen quality

 




 Bingo.. Well 5.2 inch I believe.

The only down side is that it doesn't have dual front speakers. 

If the Aus play store sells out of the Nexus 6, then I can be 100% sure that they only released 15 phones on launch day.

No one can be stupid enough to fork out $800aud+ for a nexus.

I cringed at paying what I did for my Nexus 9, but at least thats a tablet. 




 Well either way, this just reaffirms that the Moto X will be my replacement for the Nexus 5 I have.

Fucking nexus 6 and its stupid size. 




 - The Sopranos
- Seinfeld
- King of the Hill


This is my top 3 which I've personally accomplished. 




 It was one of the nicest built phones back in its day.

From memory I think HTC released it with windows on it too 




 You're thinking of the HTC Dream / G1 




 We had that design in Aus, it was called the HTC Legend 




 Where does he find those shirts? And noticed the 360 on his wrist 




 4 chan less /b/ro 




 Being in Aus, that date made perfect sense to me.

It's only you imperial loving clowns that get confused :)

 




 How's your tailbone? 




 All I'm seeing lately is that The Verge has hired all of the reporters Engadget once had and vice versa.

Engadget was just a tech site for Apple fanboys, not The Verge has taken over that role. 




 Meh, I'd still tap it. 




 Metalife isnt a scam, I feel so refreshed and full of energy. I've lost 5 pounds and haven't even left the couch.

Idiots. 




 Huh? Their Banana custard rivals all the crap I've paid a fortune for from the US 




 Bosco? 




 My Nan Nan?! 




 That's the exact same path I'm taking.. The nexus 5 was a done deal for me, but a monstrously big phone with a hefty price tag isn't something I'm willing to just buy Willy nilly! 




 I bought one on release day by sheer fluke.

I was one of the 8 people that got the first run of the Nexus 4. 




 Count me in the club. 

I don't mind their shitty built plastic phones, with horrible battery life and over saturated screens, its Touchwiz that pisses me off the most.
 




 I have a Nexus One, Nexus S, Galaxy Nexus, Nexus 4, Nexus 5, Nexus 7 and just ordered a Nexus 9.. 

This sub isn't condescending at all, everyone is really friendly.

Oh.. Wait...

 




 This whole screenshot with the OP and 'creep' is worthy of r/cringepics 

'Welcome to r/creepypms, say cheese!'

The cringe.. 




 Mate, you're not alone, I thought the same thing.

Now they just have to make their phone's take decent photos 




 Even if it didn't, the lovely Nerds on XDA would surely conjure something up for us! 




 I have a N5 and a 2012 N7,

I pulled the trigger and pre-ordered a 32gb N9 the day it was open for pre-order.

I buy every Nexus, including the dreaded heap of shit Galaxy Nexus.

The Nexus 6 will be the exception, I don't mind the price as you're paying for what you're getting, but 6 inches is just too stupidly big.

Project Volta better sort out my Nexus 5 battery life, or I'll be updating to the 2014 Moto X instead.

Just when Google finally release the dream Nexus phone, with all the hardware and build quality we have been waiting for, they fuck it right up by making it the biggest phone on the market.

Where's my Nokia 8210, I'm going back to the days when my battery lasted 3 days and the phone fit in my pocket. 




 It's awesome that Google is listening to their userbase and including functions that have been on custom roms such as CM for a long time now, but they should've had these functions included a long time ago.

Especially the flashlight functionality, that should've been included with stock Android from the moment they made a phone with a camera and an led flash. 




 That whiney American accent made me internal rage throughout the whole video.

She sat there filming and barking orders instead of actually doing anything.

 




 Remember to pass it back on to someone who is now in the same shoes you once were. 




 Well as per some of the below comments, I hope its not.

5.9inch is fucked.

The nexus 5 is the border for me.  




 Order it to an address in Ballina :) 




 I knew exactly what the video was going to be before I even clicked it.

Still watched it in its entirety. 

One of the best clips. 




 I hope you're right  




 You need to remember, cigarettes tasted ok when we smoked, but you never had 4 in a row, you could see when you ran out and were left with just the butt.

When vaping, we are inhaling all types of flavours that taste awesome (most of the time) and if you really wanted to, the only stop would be you running out of juice in the tank or battery.

You definitely had too much nic and that's the feeling you get.

If you're a chain vaper and are on it quite a fair bit, maybe drop the nic to 8mg .. 




 I've been saying this since Gingerbread.. 

I want to be able to finally to a backup of my phone and then restore it app for app, message for message, icon on home screen for icon on hone screen, when I login to my new phone.

It can't be that hard.

I don't care about my music, photos are already backed up to google..  




 You forgot the 21. Do  a gonewild post, claim I'm shy and a virgin, but show everyone on the internet what I ate for breakfast 2 weeks ago, with a cat in the background and an anti religion poster on the wall. 




 I wish I didn't watch that.

I automatically thought of my son and almost shed a tear feeling the pain the dad was in the video.

 




 You need to cross post this to /r/justneckbeardthings 




 That episode had the best Dale moments in it.. Especially when Hank finally let Dale rip on Bill 




 They spelt what hwat wrong. 




 For any absolute beginners, I always recommend an Evod kit.

They're cheap and come complete ready to go.. If Vaping isn't for you and you don't like it, you're not stuck with an expensive bunch of equipment  




 Ha! As a kid when one of our family picnics went down the usual path of one of my drunken uncles getting into a fight with another picnic goer.. 

He threatened my uncle with "you want to take this outside??!!"

The response was an instant "We are outside you fucken idiot!" 

Needless to say, everyone laughed and situation was defused. 




 From memory, I remember reading somewhere that its the bodies way of checking that the old fella still works and the plumbing is all ok as it does its system checks and mainframe restarts while you sleep.. 




 I'm probably doing it wrong, but I'm not enjoying dripping at all.. I have a Stillaire on it at the moment and its not for me, the Kayfun lite and the Stingray are a perfect match. 




 Funny this, I'm having this same issue with mine and its a day old..

Gonna try and change the pin out as a first step..

It is probably the best mod I've owned so far, especially that it's smaller than the nemesis as well!

The nemesis is now in the draw. 




 Is your name actually Yatzi? I don't know any Jewish names but that sounds Jewish. 




 Spare some change for an old buccaneer? 




 That's not too bad, I'm trying to grow hair in general. 




 I almost drowned as a kid when I was caught in a really strong rip..

This article is 100%, screaming for help for some reason was the last thing on my mind, I did everything the books tell you not to do such as panic and swim against the current.

It took a while of struggling before I realised what I was doing and started to swim away from the current and not against it.

Needless to say, it scared the shot out of me and reaffirmed why I hate the beach so much.

Now that I have a son, I'm even more cautious when he is next to water. 




 Nancy, Why is John Redcorn in our shower? 




 He's copying this guy - Trent from Punchy: http://youtu.be/0RjC-vh06_c

I hope to good he doesn't get a following, that was painfully annoying to listen to and watch 




 MY NAN NAN??!!! 




 r/wtf has basically turned into r/mildlyinteresting 




 SPEAK UP FAGGOT!  




 Ha! Spacedicks is my go-to subreddit for when people ask me to show them what Reddit is.

Its the 2 girls 1 cup of Reddit.

The rest will remain Blue.

Ok I lie.. I just clicked on clop clop to see what it was.. Sad world we live in. 




 You are a gentleman  




 You want to advertise the bottle don't you! :)

Let me make some up mate and I'll give you a yell 




 Once you start with this stuff it's bloody life consuming!

The hardest thing I've found is a balance in making the juice strong enough for evod / clearomiser users but not too strong from Kayfun / RDA users!

Strawberries and cream is sickly sweet 




 I think I might need to register a new account with PENIS_Juice as the username :)

Thanks again mate and the work you did is absolutely brilliant. 




 Its the one that gets the most laughs!! 




 You are a gentleman and I would be more than happy to share my recipes!

At the moment I'm only really kind of happy with my banana custard and strawberries and cream. The grape is ok but nothing crash hot in my opinion.. But I'm a little finicky! :) 




 Mate you have outdone yourself.

I mean honestly outdone all expectations I had.

Bottles will be mixed up this weekend and on their way, I have all your details via pm as well.

All I need is your mg preference or do you want to mix your own? 




 Lol not attached to fonts colours etc.. And all my bottles are the standard 30ml size.

The ONLY thing that can be changed is maybe dropping the penis and balls off Nut Butter.. I love the joke being subtle :)

The grape isn't quite ready yet, but my Banana custard is and so is my Strawberries and cream.

Your concoction sounds bliss!

I have a bit of a sweet tooth, so be warned.. All my mixes are 70vg 30pg at this stage :) 




 Damn it, I haven't even sold a juice yet and I already have 3 employees on the books.

Fine, you're hired.

Plus you get a free bottle of Statutory Grape from PENIS Juice Down Under (Being from Aus, this only makes sense to add to the name)

No, honestly, PM me details, I'll pay the shipping etc and send you a bottle of Juice for you to try out and tell me what you think. 

Even though technically I can't sell Nic based juices in Aus, doesn't stop me selling to the US! , So let me know the mg.

 




 I sometimes spell Jerry with a G.. And an I !!! 




 I don't think you people understand that I will now make this a reality.

426 upvotes, to me means 426 possible customers with a sense of humour.

Thanks to User u/GhotiOuttaDHMO - I will make 'Statutory Grape' a my first flavour and send out the samples as a free give-away, 




 You are the WINNER!

Some of them made me actually LOL

You will be my PENIS Juice Chef. 




 I can make that juice a joint venture with you, 

A part of the new and improved PENIS range of Juices..

My PENIS Juice will be spread around in mouths world-wide, being sucked on by many people of many cultures and races..

Then it will be second hand inhaled by non vapers.

My PENIS Juice knows no bounds. 




 Veeeery good, but I'm really liking the other recommendation of 'Baby batter' 




 hehe, I have.. well, About 5 mins ago I asked him how he likes my Juice in the back of his throat. 




 Not available in my country... Damn it. 




 Not sure what Chicago flag stars look like, the only stars I know are on the Aus flag :) 




 Hmmm... let me consult google on this one. 




 You have now just labelled my Beehive Blend.

'Milky Man Honey' 




 See, this is clever.

Very clever.

It will be my Cookies and Cream name. 




 Well Mr Floorspud - thank you!

You're little comment has now become a reality.. Like that guy that watercolours everything. 




 It sure is, one of the events girls photoshopped the bow-tie on him 




 That boy ain't right. 




 Ooohhh that's a good name.

I've been trying to figure out funny names for the juice flavours. 




 Ha ha yes!! 




 Well that bottle was Strawberries and cream. 


Extra creamy 




 I'm going to show him the comments, the guy is basically Hank Hill, his squareness will make his cringe face even better  




