 Thanks for the input y'all. Good to know a cheaper bike still has the power to get around, especially for a bigger rider. Does that legendary honda reliability and workability transfer to the bikes as well? Or is that perk reserved for the civics? 




 Yeah see this is what I've been seeing around. I'm not one to shy away from mechanical work and I think a naked goldwing can look nice and prolly shave a bit of weight 




 I'm a pretty big dude, 6'-3" close to 300lbs. Help me pick out something that I can learn on and enjoy but still has enough ass to pull mine up a hill and to highway speeds. Been snooping around on here, I thought maybe a mid 80's goldwing would fit my price range and be big enough for me, any suggestions? 




 Another suggestion for a "cheaper" upgrade, bed that stock if it isn't already. There's good kits around for easily under $100 that'll wring a little more accuracy out of a factory rifle. 




 Not sure what the handguard in the brownells ad is, but rainier arms makes a similar looking model called the evolution, its a samson product rebranded I believe. To answer your second question, the barrel length doesn't have as much to do with the handguard as you might think, so long as you're using a low profile gas block. If you're using a railed block or one with an integrated front sight post it's best to match your handguard length to the length of your gas tube. These are typically pistol, carbine, mid, rifle and extended. For example, a standard m4 type 16" barrel will most frequently have a carbine length gas system, which would require a handguard in the neighborhood of 7" (from the front face of the upper receiver to the gas block shoulder). This link may help you out some if my explanation was unclear:

http://blog.cheaperthandirt.com/ar-15-gas-system-identification-guide/ 




 This is why I don't understand the craze. Yes its a slippery slope letting the ATF ban things and its the principle of the thing blah, blah, blah. I don't even like shooting it cuz it can tear up some of my steel targets, and I shoot SP or HP hunting anyway. Ban doesn't affect me too much 




 I was talking more about the accuracy. Actually if you shoot someone with a fmj 5.56(as is commonplace for military and police) its going through and through, small hole. 9mm is much bigger and I believe police commonly use hollow points which expand and create a much bigger wound. 




