 Whilst it is a good thought, I find that it's just such a waste of water. 




 You can also find it easier to play with a friend and have them if they video, choose somebody who you'll talk with and will help you lighten up and not feel too nervous. 




 If that happened in rank.. no no, but the reason Apollo can support is the protections he gains from his mez (in case you were wondering). Also, you need to try two junglers, just get somebody who can play safely on ADC and maybe have them play Neith. 




 Whilst it is a good idea in thought, in theory it would fail as somebody could always just leave an obvious loss just so that the team doesn't suffer as big a TP loss. 




 Not to be rude or anything, but I could not understand what that meant. 




 Well good guy Greg, have you seen... support Apollo?! 




 Heyo 




 The best/main way to join a professional team is to play league and get to somewhere such as masters and get people to notice you. Good luck on your quest to make it big. 




 Each god has a Gold ~ God Rank 1, Legendary ~ God Rank 5 and recently added in the Cabrakan update Diamond ~ God Rank 10 skins. 




 Another piece of advice is actives, while beads can be really good, on a support it would be wiser to get something that helps your team, e.g. heavenly agility, shell or creeping curse. And would be nice to get a reply for feedback but can't since it is only for ranked, but looking at your stats you didn't seem to have done bad. If you have any questions feel free to PM me. 




 Before the Cabrakan update in which it fixed itself, I couldn't hear any gods taunts, jokes or laughs. Can you hear any of them for other gods? 




 Exactly, I'm getting sick of players who just want a snowball game, who cares if you're down eg 10 kills, if you work together and try you could actually bring it back instead of surrendering. 




 That seems about right 




 I play a fair amount of conquest and these all seem normal picks to me but I can still run Neith solo, Ra mid/solo, (Can't jungle). What servers do you play on, NA or EU? 




 Keep in mind, this way also helps encourage the support when to ward, generally you should make sure the area is clear before putting down a sentry to clear another in case this happens^^ but as somebody who mains support, it does get annoying being unable to rotate to a fight because that ability was used for a ward. 




 When I get a Geb shield on at the last second saving them with the smallest amount of health and they escape (although it generally inspires people to run back in *sigh*) 




 P S with Garterbelt is an awesome series... if only they made season 2 




 Hoping for a Neith skin 




