 Very good essay, I was diagnosed with ADHD in my youth, never medicated. I am almost 32 and am thankful I never was medicated. I get a lot of my creativeness from my ADHD. It looks as though your daughter does too. But at the same time I did lousy in school (Frowny face) She should be a writer, She's really good. 




 Such a good book, but so sad. 




 Up voted, But yeah, more Awesome then WTF I'd say. 




 Come on guys, that's just a raisin, it's their "One raisin Only" bread.  




 We get a similar one here in PDX called "Busted" Is it called that in SC? 




 Is it 1987? Or has Stone wash denim come back? 




 I'm old and my feet hurt, Why are we here again? Oh crap, I just pooped! 




 I'm pretty sure that's a spinal column in the bottom right. 




 Or a "Major" in need of a hug. 




 I wonder if he has ever met Saul, you know, Saul of the Mole Men. 




 I almost got the Ammo can case, but went with the CM Storm scout 2 (White), My build is almost complete, getting my 2 Radeon 7870's this Friday. CANT WAIT! 




 Ha ha. 




 No doubt Gypsies, Am I correct? 




 Buy it in smaller amounts from various sources. If you drop a cool Mil in one go and your shit gets Stolen... You make a very happy little Chinese kid who spends his days key logging. 




 We only have the frozen microwave White Castle hamburgers here sadly. Stupid Ol' Portland Oregon! 




 "Urp!" 




 I live in Portland as well, I worked in the famous Hawthorne district. Has anyone seen the Aztec stone Ford tempo wagon? Or the 1000 troll doll car? My favorite was the homeless Rastafarian guy, Nice as hell and never asked for money, only bummed smokes.  




 You know, for some reason I was thinking Washington too, weird. 




 Oh that furry boot! 




 Here's a thought, small earthquakes "tremors" combined with the hard salt flats. Take a rock on your coffee table and turn your cell phone on vibrate ^(Or other vibratey thingy)
 and see what happens. 




 Okay, quick question. How does Bart reach the top of the chalkboard to write the sentences? He's way to short, and I see no stool! 




 Oh Cheesus Crust! 




 Yes what Captain_Generous said. Recipe maybe? Please and thank you. Looks delicious! 




 Why is Robert De Niro spanking this girl? 




 Meth hookers are fun to spot on 82nd. 




 Good ole Portland. This restaurant Gave us lots of laughs in High school. Anyone else here go to Benson? 




 What do you mean "You people" ? 




 The expiration isn't that far off, the date obviously is may ?? 2013. But as RozTron says, "What do you expect when you get apple slices at friggin Wendy's??" I think you'll be ok. 




 Or as happy as the people who have herpes. Have you seen those commercials? Apparently you get to Kayak, go mountain biking, stay at very expensive bed ad breakfast's, and are always beautiful or handsome. My herpes don't do anything like that, they itch. I wish I was as happy as those yogurt eating herpes having lucky SOB'S! 




 Is T "1910" the model year? 




 And here too. We should have a support group for "Ass broken" wooden spoons. 




 This is actually a sign from God that he wants to kill you in the creepiest way possible with other worldly nightmare insects. Just a thought. 




 We get whole trees covered here in Oregon http://oregonstate.edu/dept/nurspest/Images/insects/webworm%20in%20black%20walnut%20thumb.JPG 




 If this photo could speak it would say "Boy lawdy I be some gooood chicken parm suh!" Up voted, looks delicious. 




 His hands are HUGE! 




 Oh man, I love Pandora, all the music and shit. 




 [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/59eumlO)
I fixed it! She's actually quite pretty. 




 I own a GEO Metro, earlier model, a 1991, This has always been a fear of mine in an accident. But I would rather drive a 900$ GEO Metro that gets 40 mpg city, 50 highway, than a $25k Prius. And GEO's use only gas not $3k worth of batteries plus gas. 




 They look like Asian pot stickers, but more importantly whats inside? 




 Looks delicious!  




 And leaving University only cost six dollars forty! 




 Sweet! I have the Saitek Cyborg! Awesome keyboard. Mine did not come with a dead snake though. 




