  or better dexterit

Might try that. I de-set the kit a few weeks back, it's cased up and waiting to be set up in my new house (will be re-skinning as well). The Zil-Bel I might return to putting it on top of the china (felt, china, felt, zil-bel, felt, wingnut). 

I have a pearl icon rack in the picture, but too many things to rack everything (it already carried the four high toms and most of the cymbals). 

You're correct on the china - I only use the tip on the right hand one. I could invert the left one, not sure if there is much advantage though.

 




 The bass drum of my Roland TD-8 has become quite unresponsive sometimes - any tips for making it work properly again? 




 Remember flams are ultimately used for accent. Little things like "bass-bass-flam" work well inside longer fills. Or starting fills around the tom's on a flam (or ending on one).  




 Total agreement here. I haven't gigged in a few years - so the kit has grown. If I got a band back together (which I intend to do now I'm building myself a music room in my basement) then I'll probably go down to 3 toms, 2-3 crashes, ride, hi-hats, snare and bass drum. 




 Would like to get a picollo snare for the left of the hi-hat 




 A bit of it is perspective. The four crashes are almost touching each other. Their height is eye level, which suits me well. Perhaps this picture will make it a bit easier to see:
http://i.imgur.com/mll48ib.jpg
The smallest roto-tom is awfully positioned, but it was either keep it there and balance the other two, or just remove it - it doesn't get in the way even if it is almost untouchable. Agree with your point though.

12" drum is perspective again, you could almost put a ruler along the top three toms and it would lie on all the skins. 

China's are actually the normal way round - but many people prefer them upside down. I don't - since I often play them with the stick tip in the middle. 
Floor tom's are touching, but there is a cramping issue which is why the 16" tom is a little too far to the right for comfort. 

Appreciate the thoughts though. 




 Hehe, I bought some Quick beats a few years back and sold them within a week. I do like my New Beats - had them for about 10 years. 




 Perhaps buy better sticks. Otherwise watch the technique. Swipe the cymbals rather than "slapping" them. Let your fingers and wrists bounce your strikes off your skins (and don't angle the drums to sharply). Go for accuracy on rimshots not power (i.e. to hit rim and skin perfectly together) 




 It's probably the cymbals I'm most careful with. I used to invert the 14" China, but changed back a while ago.  




 When I've played small venues I've been loud enough to hear over the band un miced
If I've played a bigger venue they've tended to mic the drumkit out of course. 
You can play loud without breaking sticks. Hitting cymbals in a swiping motion, keeping hands and wrists supple on skins, and going for accuracy rather than power in your rim shots. 
If you hit the kit too loud you'll just dull the sound of the drums/cymbals. 




 Good technique, particularly on cymbals, and you can get a big noise without damaging your sticks. Saves money too. 




 Yeah I like to have it so I can use the tip or shaft of my sticks. I've only broken one stick in 15 years of playing.  




 The 16" Tom is in an awkward position. If I'm running round the tom's or playing I tend to turn towards it, but I use the 14" floor tom much more.

The small roto-tom is the only thing there almost impossible to hit due to the hi-hat rod. I keep it on the kit to help balance the bigger roto-tom on the bar that holds all 3. I need to find a solution to that. 




 Reuploaded and deleted old one since photobucket is rubbish and won't allow full size image links - used IMGR 









 Steep angles tend to result in dented heads and worse resonance 














 Here is a clip of the beat: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ZX72C2MTRE

http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v108/londonprophet/Dislocatedday.jpg is my best guess 




 I would only ever recommend Roland V-drums (having played both Roland and Yamaha). 
They also need to be a "high enough" series of V-drums to have the mesh pads on all drums. 




 Don't play too loud and have fun 




 K's are darker, A's are brighter, but every cymbal (even identical make and models) can be slightly different.

I prefer the A Customs, but I used  mix of A, K, and A Custom (I think I prefer the A's the most). 



















 Science communication 




 Moreover. Teachers are underpaid. Overworked. And the government in the UK is constantly berating them accusing them of not working hard enough. They are regarded as mid-level jobs. Why should top students be teachers as we set the system up now? 




 I quit teaching after 3 years (I came in through Teach First, the UK's version of Teach For America). I don't regret doing it, but my entire life became about teaching. 

Now i get paid more and have more time to do other things i enjoy 




 I'm not sure about responsible people, but some people who aren't PETA 



















 Was surprised this hadn't been posted already 





























 Fair argument 














 Shouldn't doesn't imply moral reasoning. 
Britain shouldn't keep pumping pollutants into the atmosphere

If the reason we should or should not do something is scientific in nature, then the argument is not necessarily a moral one. 









 
Baby: http://www.nature.com/news/grafted-ovaries-lead-to-successful-pregnancy-1.13845
Glands: http://www.newscientist.com/article/dn24303-mice-get-replacement-glands-grown-from-scratch.html#.Uk6UpYYm3hd
Chemotherapy: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-24346541
Stem cells: http://www.newscientist.com/article/dn24315-neural-stem-cells-pulled-from-rats-brain-using-magnet.html#.Uk6RRoYm3hd
Jetlag: http://www.independent.co.uk/news/science/body-clock-reset-button-discovered-by-scientists-8858326.html
Botox: http://sciencenordic.com/gastric-injections-botox-might-curb-obesity 






















































 My uncle persists in believing ID. He attacks the gaps in Darwin's tree of life (despite the fact many of those gaps have been filled since Darwin and the tree itself has changed), and has now cottoned on to the arguments of Stephen Meyer. I wanted to send him TWO very good links that would help debunk the common arguments of ID proponents and provide a good show of evidence supporting evolution. 









 Who is the other dude? 





























 - Spend a lot of time analysing background data
- Get all the walls neatened up with displays 




 The Italians have gone off the rails on science issues lately - they just introduced legislation banning breeding animals for research
http://speakingofresearch.com/2013/08/02/a-bad-week-for-medical-research-in-italy-but-science-is-fighting-back/ 




 The Basel Declaration had some pretty interesting papers on suggestions for improving transparency of research:
http://www.basel-declaration.org/basel-declaration/improving-the-publication-standards-of-research-involving-animals/

http://www.basel-declaration.org/basel-declaration/open-access-to-maximize-the-value-of-animal-research/ 














 Likely to be very nice. Polite kids. I expect the department will have clear resources. 
FYI - Private schools are often called Independent or Public schools over here 









 What's the school - what area is it in - Britain is a very diverse place.

Read the National Strategy for KS3 English. 









 Chemistry at Oxford 




 Torture is a ridiculous dramatisation of animal research. The laws are far stricter than pet ownership, farm animals, or almost any other industry bar nuclear weaponry.
Anaesthetics must be used to reduce suffering wherever possible. Alternatives must be used where viable.  




 Read the opening to the article - it echos that sentiment 









 Here is the ridiculous EDM: http://www.parliament.uk/edm/2013-14/263 


































 According to The Times article, the drug Cisplatin (who anti-tumour properties were discovered in mice) 
























 Good question 




 It comes from Taiwan's animated news network NMA. 














 The stats are not remotely related. It's like saying that First year TFA turnover is close to 0%.

Find the stats for retention of teachers after their first two years in a single school and you'll probably find it remarkably similar to the TFA. Lots of teachers want to move on after 2-3 years to find another school with new challenges.  




 Certainly graduating from an Ivy league doesn't automatically make you a better/worse teacher - but these are top graduates who have got into top schools and these kids can benefit from that. 

First year TFA teachers are ill equipped to go into the classroom, nonetheless studies in Louisana showed TFA'ers were "statistically significantly more effective":
http://www.nctq.org/docs/TFA_Louisiana_study.PDF
There are various other state studies as well. 

Now you point out cost, which is an issue - especially when long standing teachers experience is sorely needed (and as noted, TFA'ers often have lower retention). I do think some schools do pick TFA'ers as a cheap option. 














 Can you evidence the idea that 86% (100-14) of new traditional teachers stay at their initial placement for more than 2 years. That stat wasn't in the link you provided. 

Also, there is higher turnover at high poverty schools where TFA'ers go. 




 Why wouldn't we want the most able students to go into teaching? They weren't going so much by traditional routes. 




 When I started, around 60-90 hours

Before I quit it was more like 40-60 




 The evidence that the Swedish model is not all it was cracked up to be is making Michael Gove (Education Sec) follow the Singaporean system. This is a bad move. If there was a model to follow it is the Finnish, who don't test their students until 18 




 The UK has its own TFA program called Teach First. Occasionally it's attacked, however it's very popular with senior politicians.  




