 307 for us. Look for the big hammered guy in the Brock Sampson shirt. GO BLUES! 




 represent 




 what the fuck is happening with that woman in the back? 




 I've been waiting for this to make its appearance as a gif. Thank you! 




 On the xbox you can switch between the home and away feed. I don't know if apps on other devices can do the same but it might be worth looking into.
I'm in market but don't have cable so I've been using a vpn and sharing that connection with my xbox to watch games all season. 




 No. The surgery went well and he is recovering. He is back at work actually. 




 St. Louis, MO 




 yeah, he was in shock 




 6 or 7 months ago 




 I wouldn't say it's compelling but i always found Anselm's ontological argument interesting.  It's intellectual slight of hand but kind of fun in a way. To me it seems like the Christian version of the Tao Te Ching's "the Tao that can be named is not the eternal Tao"

http://www.princeton.edu/~grosen/puc/phi203/ontological.html 




 A guy i know went to Sky Zone indoor trampoline park. I guess Its all fun and games until your break your fucking foot off.  

His brother sent me this right after.  The connective tissue didn't even break it all just wrapped around to the side.

Edit: Removed extraneous detail for clarity.  









 Blows me away every time i see it. SO dirty. 




 outstanding 




 worse = better 




 Its been 300 years since a dire wolf has been seen south of the wall... 




 fucking NBC http://i.imgur.com/qeUxngp.jpg 




 JAX JAX JAX 




 I hope you get murdered by your Muslim family for expressing yourself. 




 Fingers crossed for a Steen intermission interview. He has no time for bullshit when hes in game mode. 




 STAG 




 "1) Are all American war dead heroic because, if nothing else, they had the courage to volunteer for service knowing they might ultimately give their life for their country? That seems heroic to me. But if they're all heroes, does it follow that everyone in the military is a hero? Why is dying necessary? And if everyone who volunteers is a hero, what about the guys who would go AWOL if sent to fight, or who assault their commanding officer, or who run away in combat? What about the ones who are dishonorably discharged? Was Bradley Manning a hero? Had Lynndie England died in Iraq, would she have been a hero? 

2) What about people who volunteer for foreign armed forces? Are they all heroic? Or does it depend upon their country? If an American helping to liberate Libya would've been a hero had he died in action, shouldn't the Germans from NATO engaged in the same conflict be heroes too? What about the Islamic fundamentalists fighting alongside NATO? Heroes?  

3) What about the morality of the cause? Does anyone think brave Nazi soldiers during the World War II era were heroes? How about the soldiers in Stalin's army? Does the nature of the mission matter, so that a Soviet soldier who died liberating a death camp was a hero, whereas another who died while ravaging German civilians he was ordered to take revenge upon isn't? There's this reality to confront: if bestowing the title hero has nothing to do with the rightness or wrongness of the cause or mission, we'll have to grant the honorific to individuals who took part in deeply immoral acts... and yet, if the mission does matter, do we really want to deny the heroism of a GI who jumped on a grenade to save his platoon, even if we think the platoon's presence in country X was immoral? It's a confounding choice. 

4) Speaking of jumping on grenades, isn't "hero" often invoked in common parlance as if it means even more than serving and dying? For example, when we hear someone described as "a World War II hero," don't we expect that he did more than fall overboard and drown en route to the D-Day invasion? Don't we assume from that adjective that he undertook some dangerous mission, or distinguished himself in combat, like the younger Bailey brother in It's a Wonderful Life? Were the average American to watch From Here to Eternity, would he or she call Robert E. Lee Prewitt a hero?

5) And say, for the sake of argument, that all American war dead are heroes, strictly defined, but that the word and its emotional resonance is being manipulated by advocates of an imprudent war. Is it better to give soldiers an honorific they deserve, consequences be damned, or to withhold an honorific they deserve to prevent future soldiers from needlessly dying?"

Taken from In Defense of Chris Hayes by Conor Friedersdorf following the dust up over Hayes' "I'm uncomfortable with the word hero" remarks on memorial day of last year.
http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2012/05/in-defense-of-chris-hayes/257744/ 




 That's the Calvinist doctrine of double predestination. I believe the Presbyterians were the last main line denomination to abandon it and that was a hundred years ago.  




 Rooooooooooob!!!!! 




 this gif just made this entire sub worth it. 









 Not just dying off, theyre the primary drivers of the very spending growth and budget deficits the GOP runs against every election cycle. Its kind of crazy. 









 where are the thigh high Spockings? 




 you just wrinkled my brain 




 Can I get one of these that says Fuck you Catelyn Stark?" 




