 Lets go darker: caught up in there captivating conversation he misses his flight. Later on sitting at the bar waiting for his new plane there is a news flash, plane explodes mid flight duh duh Duhhh... It was his flight.
Final destination 15  




 That was explained very well. Thanja 




 Can you pinpoint one life altering decision that you have made. Lets skip the obvious ones of having children and meeting loved ones.  




 I did this last week. I followed a article on TNation about warming up for max's. I blew my pr for deadlift out of the water but the next day when I did bench I feel way short of what I thought I could do. My recommendation would be to wait at least 3 days between 1rm attempts even between different muscle groups and for ideal recovery only attempt kne lift a week. 




 After 3 months of 5/3/1 I did my fist 1 rm attempt and deadlifted 405lbs at 230. My starting 1 rm was 365. Next month ill be testing my bench max, hoping to attempt 285. 




 I saw a Wine-o eating grapes. I told him "you have to wait" - mitch hedberg 




 He looks like Gerald Ford. Sorry for your loss 




 This guy is a keeper if you ask me. 




 Avalanches- since I left you, 70 min of pure gold! 




 My gym doesn't have wi-fi! 




 Wipe boogers on the underside of chairs Im sitting on, or if I'm perticularly fitigy ill roll them around between my fingers. 




 No, not at all and I would know, I'm white. 




 9/11 conspiracy theories. Just thinking about the idiocy and blatant disregard of fact infuriates me!  




 Yes! That's it oh man this has plexed me for Years. Thank you. Ill update the thread to solved when i get home. You rock! 




 Van damme wasn't in robo jox. 




 I know its not much but i used to see this movie on HBO all the time. it took place in a futuristic wasteland (possibly another planet) and all i remember is this cyborg fucker with a spider body rules over these gladiator type games and the hero has to rescue his chick from them. i know its not much but this shit has driven me crazy for years.  




 Primer. I was blown away when I saw it and it is still relatively unknown. 




 Reading all this makes me feel a lot less alone.  




 Steakandcheese.com was the site of choice In my day. 




 I had a grand maul seizure during sex. When I was 24 I had a long term girlfriend and was living at home. Well at one point my doctor and I decide to go off my meds to see if its still active. Well during that time of my med me and my GF are having sex and next thing I know I'm hanging off the bed and I've puked up my dinner. Turns out mid bone I went into a full blown seizure. My GF was aware of my condition but never expected this to happen. She was a champ though. The real awkward part was telling my parents how it went down. But hey now I have a cool story.
 




 I use "MyNetDiary" app for everything. I try to log everything best I can but don't fret if I miss something. I tend to over estimate my portions but that will only help. I've had the best results from just counting than any other diet. It just makes me more aware of what and how much I'm consuming.  




 Yah same here. I got a refund from GJ 2 days ago.  




 I heard somewhere that 1000 ius for every 25 lbs is recommended. No reference though :/ 




