




 Nope it doesn't. There's no farm. I just put that there because I thought it looked good. Good idea though! Might do that in the future.  









 Awesome. Thanks for this. Saved. 









 Is that Amplified?  














 There can only be one.  









 What if the entire universe is just one of the millions of cells of some being?  









 Today I learned.  




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IITJsTbPvlQ 




 Using the Kobra method, you can theoretically get an infinite number of spawners close together.   




 Would like to know the answer to that question as well. Wow.  




 Thanks. Just to clarify. I just want to try it once for experimental purposes, to see what it feels like. I feel like reading the research on these things isn't enough, you also need personal experience to truly understand how people who use it feel.  




 They left out the part where celebrities use nervous system stimulants like amphetamines to not gain weight, oh and the part where athletes and performers use testosterone products.  









 This. It depends on body fat percentage.  




 And also, you fear that I might hurt people. That's because you assume that I talk about these things in real life. Let me reassure you, I don't. My friends merely see me as some fit guy who works out a lot, but they don't even talk about food, so discussions on food in general rarely come up and even when they do, I just remain silent or out of the conversation, or if my opinion is asked, I give out some random generic bullshit nutrition advice. Sadly, they don't even understand the importance of nutrition for changing your body or in general, and I don't want to carry the burden of having to educate them on the subject.  




 You're right in the sense that I personally feel very, very alienated. Primarily because of my beliefs on food and health, which stem from my outlook on life in general. It's not something that I discuss with my friends or family, because I feel it would just make me feel further alienated to let other people know that I feel alienated, but I do feel this way very strongly.

And this is why I don't want to have children. I would have to choose between transmitting them the values that I believe in and the things that I believe to be true, and making them feel relatively integrated into society. If I did transmit them my values I'd be no better than the obese parents who transmit their unhealthy eating habits to their kids, thus condemning them to endure the same fate... But with my particular outlook on life, I don't believe that there is an in between. 

And Minecraft is just a game that I play. I play many other games as well. Online gaming is my main hobby outside of bodybuilding. True, sometimes I mine blocks while watching TV shows or doing homework. But I still go to university, work part time, prepare all my food, lift 4-6 days a week and get my 8 hours of sleep daily. All these things and online gaming aren't necessarily mutually exclusive, it's all about time management.  




 I don't mean poison in a literal way. I don't know if sugar has a lethal dose, but if it does, it must be insanely high. But it's what it does to your brain and body in the long run that's seen as poisonous. Evidence regarding the 'toxicity' of sugar mostly points towards more refined commercially types of simple carbohydrates, such as fructose and HFCS (HFCS is basically corn syrup that has been engineered to transform some of its glucose into fructose). Which is why soft drink and other 'artificial' sugar-rich products are particularly harmful.  




 I agree with what you said mostly. But if I'm going to 'enjoy life', I would resort to something that's less harmful than alcohol, like ingesting THC or Psylocybin. I believe that the need to alter one's own consciousness is inherent to human nature, but it does not mean that you have to destroy your own body in the process. And this is just me - but drinking in a pub with friends got old after about a year for me. When I was 18, I had that phase too, where I wanted to go out, drink and 'party hard', but after a while I started thinking of how shallow and superficial that was, and that my time could be used more efficiently. There are so many things to do in our vast world... It baffles me that some people would spend most of their free time doing something that has little benefit in the short run, and only negative consequences down the road.  




 Let me explain this in simpler terms. Nature does things well; humans have evolved to like sweet things, because originally sweet things were also healthy and necessary for survival: they were mostly fruits, which are rich in vitamins and minerals, and rich in dietary fibers, which balance out the nefarious effects of sugar by controlling appetite and maintaining gut flora health. But sugar on its own is a poison, as it makes you feel pleasure without satisfying your feeling of hunger, thus making you want to eat more of it - this is what is meant by the sugar-craving cycle. At some point in time, the food companies became aware of this, and they realized that they could make a fortune by exploiting humans' natural predisposition towards sugar and removing the things that usually accompany it and therefore make it fine to ingest, such as things found in fruits. And from this were born soft drinks, chocolate bars and most of the nasty processed sugar-rich food products that obese people and society at large consume nowadays. This is essentially an evolutionary mismatch between people's predisposition to eat sweet things for survival purposes and people's desire to acquire physical richness. What is the outcome of this? Widespread obesity and a bunch of other related health issues.  




 If that's all you got from what I wrote there, there's nothing I can do to help you. Either you didn't take the time to read, or you have nothing to answer that would support your own point of view and contradict mine.  




 There would be no psychological need for sugar if sugar was never consumed to begin with. From an evolutionary perspective, humans have evolved to like sweetness, but sweetness does not only equate to cake and candy bars. Look, you were not born with the need to eat chips or cake, or with the need to drink beer or hard liquor. The fact that you 'crave' certain foods is merely the product of a culturally enhanced evolutionary predisposition for certain nutrients and other chemicals, but it's not necessary for your survival. When it comes to the point where the instant satisfaction that you experience from the consumption of something far outweighs whatever long-term consequences may be on the line due to frequency of consumption, there is a big problem IMO. And this is why society is so fucked up when it comes to food.  




 If you knew what sugar in general does to your body, trust me, you would probably avoid it too. Sugar is decent for high endurance sports athletes, but not for the general sedentary population. The sugar in fruits is probably fine for everyone anyway, but certainly not the highly processed sugar that things like cake and candy bars contain. You see, from an evolutionary perspective, humans have evolved to associate sweetness with energy density for survival purposes - in the past, sweet foods were usually good. But this has nothing to do with the toxic, obesity-inducing , devoid-of-nutritional-value food products that are mass produced for economic purposes nowadays. In those foods,  sugar is a poison. In fact, sugar affects the brain's reward pathways and the nucleus accumbens, a region of the basal forebrain associated with motivation, pleasure and reinforcement of behaviors, but doesn't trigger the brain's satiety mechanisms, leading to something that nutritionists colloquially refer to as 'the sugar-craving cycle'. This is why when people eat cake, for example, they usually don't have just a piece, but rather 2 or 3 or more... and even if they have just one, it takes them a huge effort to 'resist the urge to eat more', because it just tastes so good and they feel like eating the entire cake.  




 Just a clarification: fruits are also sugar. In fact, they're primarily made of that. The reason why they're still healthy is because they're rich in sugar but also in dietary fibers, the two of which balance each other's effects on the body, and also because they're also relatively low in calories and rich in micro nutrients. But they are still sugar.  




 Not based on any research, but I would say the DB press.  




 So what you're saying is my kid would suffer socially speaking if I didn't allow her/him to do what her/his friends' unhealthy ignorant parents are allowing their own kids to do? Makes sense, and this is why I don't want to have children. But you're right, having cake once in a while is probably harmless. But the real issue is that parents who allow their kid to have cake also allow them to regularly eat a lot of a bunch of food products that are rich in bad fats and processed simple carbohydrates. This, in the long run, definitely has consequences.  




 Firstly, the assumption that you need to eat any food product, such as cake, is a cultural construct. Humans are born needing macro nutrients in order to survive and micro nutrients in order to be healthy, that's it. The rest is just a byproduct of the society in which we live. Also, how do video games and obsession relate to each other? Do you even know what an obsession is, medically speaking? A lot of different things could be byproducts of some kind of obsession or obsessive disorder, I don't know why you're pinpointing a video game in particular. If by 'you might consider seeing a psychiatrist' you mean 'I can't get over the fact that your outlook on the world strongly differs from mine', then sure, I agree. Otherwise, I just think that you're making a bunch of mostly baseless assumptions and you don't really know what you're talking about.  




 And that's why I would never say this to anyone in real life. But on the internet I don't come care as much. I just express my opinions in an unfiltered manner.  




 I agree. I love it so much that I've sacrificed everything for it. My good friends became shallow ignorant people (I don't tell them of course, but secretly I believe that). The foods that used to taste good, I now see as unhealthy processed crap that's all part of the grand industrial scheme to make tons of money from mass slaughter of genetically modified animals and production of addictive nutrients while slowly sending people to their death. All the people surrounding me and their petty lives... The person that they are only means as much as their inability to understand even the very things that they put through their month on the daily, and the fact that they'll unconsciously transmit those irrational and unhealthy habits to their offspring. In other words, they are utterly meaningless to me. When you come to truly understand what fitness and being healthy mean, your understanding of the world also changes drastically, and the light that once filled your unknowing mind is replaced by darkness as the reality of the pitiful lives of most people that inhabit this world unfolds before your eyes.  









 Whoa! That's fascinating! Thanks for sharing.  









 Avoid exercises that make you feel knee pain until the pain is gone and you get the okay from whatever professional is following your case?  




 Contrary to popular bro science, you don't need to exercise to lose weight. You just need to use more calories than you ingest. If you aren't exercising as much, simply eat less to make up for it. Eat lots of proteins and vegetables and there should be no muscle loss either.  




 The only thing that will bring back your pain is doing deadlifts with poor form, which is also what probably made you feel pain in the first place.  




 My first priority is always to increase muscle tissue. Second one is to reduce adipose tissue. When I was younger and fatter, it was the opposite. But the closer I got to 10% and the more I realized the truth: gaining muscle is much harder than losing fat.  




 Refeed days should be at maintenance, not above. They should also be high carb, moderate protein, low fat days. This is because the only thing that research has shown to affect appetite hormone serum production is complex carbohydrates. No significant correlation has ever been shown with fat, protein and sugar. Also, carbohydrates and fats do not mesh well together, because carbohydrates increase adipose tissue uptake of triglycerides.  









 Sounds to me like another excuse to have cheat meals more often.  




 What caloric deficit you should be at depends on your body fat %age, on how long you've been on a deficit and on how long you plan to be on one. If you are above 20%, you could be even on a 1000 calorie deficit and eat lots of protein and be fine. If you are closer to 10%, I would not go above 500 calorie. In all cases, I think it's better to just be on a daily deficit rather than only have some days where you're on a deficit. Discipline is not just something that you decide to have one day, it's also a habit, something that you learn and that becomes easier with time. If you wanna lose weight more slowly, just be on a smaller daily deficit.  




 It sounds to me like you're looking for excuses to not be on a strict diet. I don't see how eating with your girlfriend or eating out occasionally prevent you from being on a caloric deficit or roughly respecting your macro nutrient breakdown. 

Speech giver Eric Thomas said: 'the most important thing is this: the ability, at any moment, to sacrifice what you are for what you will become.' 

If you let the small things of your daily life, such as the ones you're describing here, get in the way of the future you have envisioned for yourself, then that future will never happen. There's a reason a lot of people don't go very far when it comes to changing their body: it's because they keep coming up with excuses like these. 'I want to diet but I don't want to never eat out', 'I can't be on a deficit because I have to eat with my girlfriend.' 

Sounds like a bunch of unfounded excuses to me.  




 I wasn't referring to you in particular, don't worry. This is sent towards the community as a whole. But I agree with what you said! 




 -Have you: 

-Made an Ocean Monument farm?

-Made a squid farm that uses Guardians to kill squids?

-Used the Ocean Monument blocks to build cool things?

-Used sponges to do things that involve building underwater or removing large areas of water?

-Made cool redstone contraptions that use slime blocks?

-Used red sandstone, diorite, granite, andesite, and chiseled   cracked stone bricks to build cool things?

-Found a Killer Bunny?

-Made a Minecraft map that uses the new Command blocks?

-Made a bunch of cool features   models that use the new Command blocks?

Because these are just few of the things you can do in 1.8, and I think that if you haven't done them yet, you have no right to complain that you are bored of 1.8.  




 Nothing is holding me back. And I am in fact reaching them. It's just a matter of patience now. It takes time to change your body.  




 I know the feel. It was hard for me to lower my bench weight so I could bench press with straight wrists. But in the long run it was worth it.  




 It's fine to be a small idiot with a big ego. It's fine to make mistakes. What I can't respect is when people stay that way and never learn and never change. But you managed to see your own shortcomings and overcame them. Congrats bro.  




 It depends on your body fat percentage. Even a 1000 calorie deficit, given sufficient protein intake, is probably fine for someone who is at 25% body fat. But at 10% body fat, I would never be on more than 500 unless I'm using steroids.  




 You're either at maintenance or on a deficit. If you're eating enough calories that you'd be at maintenance if it wasn't for the calories you burn doing Muay Thai, you're at a deficit. Period. Also, I'm no Muay Thai expert, but I would guess that you need mostly general strength, which means a strong core and good intra and intermuscular connections, which means heavy compound exercises, like squats and deadlifts. That's what you're already doing. I'd say keep doing that.  




 Healthier foods are said to work for weight loss because they are generally lower in calories than their less healthy counterpart. However, caloric intake is still what mostly matters in the end. You could eat a lot of healthy foods, and still not lose weight because you are not on a caloric deficit despite eating 'healthy'. Inversely, you could be on a diet of Twinkies and chips and still lose weight if you are on a caloric deficit. In experiments conducted in a controlled setting, reducing caloric intake far outweighs any other factor when it comes to lowering adipose tissue percentage and improving general health. Therefore, you should count your calories. 'Common sense dieting' is the best way to never drop sub 20%. It will obviously work for the morbidly obese, but isn't an effective long term method if you want to be serious about changing your body.  




 Unless you are really muscular or really tall or a mix of both, there's no way your TDEE is at 3500 calories. You must have made a mistake.  




 'Obsessed' is the word the lazy use to describe the dedicated. And having a nice body is what makes me happy. Perhaps I'm a weird breed, but isn't it what life is about - doing what makes you happy?  




 'Research suggesting that...'

OP offers no source to back up claim that research suggests what he's talking about.

Didn't read the rest, sorry.  




 I don't know if you guys have or have had a similar experience, but personally, I feel like the answer to the question in the title is yes.

My main hobby is bodybuilding, but it's a hobby that my friends don't share nor are interested in, so it's one central subject of my life that we can't talk about.

I also feel kind of alienated from society, because I don't really eat the foods that most people eat, I don't really have breakfast, dinner and supper and all that, I rarely eat out because the foods that most places serve don't fit my macros most of the time, and I don't drink alcohol. Sometimes I go out, but since I don't drink, the whole idea of 'going out, getting drunk and partying hard' doesn't appeal to me as much as it does for my friends and so most of the time I end up preferring to stay home and playing video games instead. 

I also tend to turn off social opportunities a lot because I'm busy lifting, doing cardio, preparing food or sleeping. I don't really have time to see people as much as before I started this new lifestyle. I get up, eat, prepare food, go to class, eat, go to class again, eat, lift weights, go home, eat, study, go to sleep, rinse and repeat.

It was never intentional, but I feel like the more I've immersed myself into the lifestyle, and the more I've felt alienated from society and the less I've had interactions with others. Is it just me?  




 Whoa! Looks good man! 




 What would you replace them with? 









 Looks like bamboo sticks.  




 No, but everyone keeps telling me that I should make one, so maybe I will.  




 I wanted to release a save, but I've heard of people getting their work used and not being given credit for it, so now I'm scared.  




 Amazing! 














 I have a Nether fortress farm. Wither skeletons drop coal.  




 There is a reason people who are insanely dedicated tend to only eat chicken, rice and broccoli: because there aren't a million optimally healthy food products out there. Of course that diet isn't sustainable for most people, but it's still the truth.  




 No, peas do contain sugar as well, but they have a much better dietary fiber/sugar ratio. Milk is higher in sugar by about 4g on average, and contains no dietary fibers. A cup of peas contains 9g of sugar but also 9g of dietary fibers.  




 For most people and most of the time, yes. Sugar stimulates the nucleus acumbens, a region of the basal forebrain that is associated with motivation, pleasure and the reinforcement of behaviors. Fructose in particular has also been found to affect the brain's reward pathways without triggering its satiety mechanisms, leading to something that nutritionists call the 'sugar-craving cycle'. Nonetheless, there are times when sugar is good. For example, when combined with a high dietary fiber content; this is because dietary fibers are known to decrease appetite, and is partly why fruits are healthy despite being made primarily of sugar. Sugar is also good during times of insulin sensitivity, such as during the first meal of the day and immediately following an intense physical effort. This is why sugar is especially good for high endurance sport athletes, such as marathon runners. 

But is it good for the average mostly sedentary overweight adult who does a moderate physical effort 2-3 times a week? If you ask me, no. These people have no understanding of the biochemical principles on which nutrition is based, let alone any self control, so they should stay away from sugar. When people ask me to help them lose weight, the first advice I usually give them is to stop eating industrial food products that are mostly made of highly processed sugar and bad fats. And when they don't follow that advice, they rarely succeed in the long run.  




 Of course you don't. You've been consuming sugar since you were a child, like most people. You associate it with feeling good.  




 It's not that I personally don't want milk. I just don't think it's a food product anyone other than a baby should be drinking, for the reasons mentioned above.  




 IMO drinking milk isn't needed in adults. It's good for babies who can't eat solid foods, but that's it. There are other sources of food that have the same protein, dietary fat and vitamin   mineral content, but without the added sugar. Take for example a cup of peas. It contains slightly more calories than a cup of milk and a little less fat, but more proteins, more vitamins and minerals, more dietary fibers, and much less sugar.  




 Alcohol slows down metabolism, reduces the synthesis of testosterone, reduces the synthesis of growth hormone during deep sleep, and depletes the body's reserves of vitamins and minerals, many of which are involved in various processes that relate to muscle tissue growth and maintenance. There is also evidence that it might reduce protein biosynthesis. Needless to say, if you're serious about changing your body, it should be a big no-no. If you're an athlete, it's even worse.  




 Love the use of the bed and trapdoors! 




 Something iconic about the game. A creeper, like you said, or a diamond, or a diamond sword. Maybe an Enderman.  









 Wow. This is truly amazing! Thank you! 




 Really nice use of the packed ice.  




 Holy mother of blocks.  




 Ok. Thanks! 




 Nope. Well it's not exactly a chandelier. But I wasn't sure what else to call it. I meant that thing made of light blue glass and sea lanterns.  




 Soon (I hope).  









 The technical definition of a village in Minecraft is actually a door. 









 Good tip. Thanks!  









 Got a world download? 




 Whoa! This is awesome! Thanks man! The things you can do with command blocks in 1.8 are crazy! A map maker's dream come true! 




 Thanks! 




 Is there a video out there for such a design? I've been looking but can't find.  




 Indeed.  




 Sorry I should have specified - yes you can, to answer your first question. The only thing that you can't do is the opposite, that is, using the snowball design for the Wither tree farm. For a cobblestone generator, you can use both designs. I'm not too sure which one is actually most efficient, though.  




 Different designs. The snowball design can also be used for the Wither tree farm. However, you would have to be planting saplings and creating snow at the same time in order for it to be AFK-able, which is impossible unless you are on a server and can control two accounts at once. However, in this case, since cobblestone is created on its own by water, lava and pistons, creating snow is the only thing that you have to be doing. In the case of the automatic smelting system I posted about yesterday, it's actually the reason why it cannot be fully automatic. You have to plant the saplings in order to create the charcoal, and attack a snowman in order to create cobblestone. If either process could be fully automated without requiring any action from the player, the entire process would become AFK-able. Maybe some day Mojang will make dispenser plant saplings, or make another block that does that. Who knows. 




 Dayum! This looks mighty fine good sir.  




 Even though I obviously don't know Notch personally, I always frankly thought he was just a weird funky dude. But I respect him for the incredible game he brought to life.  




 World download:
http://www.mediafire.com/download/1dwooomofkg24b1/compact_cobble_farm.zip 

Designs used for this farm:

[Cobblestone generator](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUfzi_A80pc)

[Snow generator](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BlVZc4tQ8Yk) 









 Mojang have shown that they are able to make NPC craft items. I wonder if they expand upon that idea in the future and give us more crafting automation. This would open up a whole lot of possibilities. 

For example, right now it's possible to make the process of transforming cobblestone into stone almost fully automatic. You have a Wither that breaks logs, the logs get sent into a charcoal machine, the surplus of which gets sent into an automatic smelting system. You also have another Wither breaking cobblestone blocks that get created by lava and water and then pushed in front of him with pistons. The only things that aren't automatic are providing the dispenser of the Wither-log-breaker system with bonemeal. But, in the future, if we have a mob that, for example, can craft bones into bonemeal, this process could become fully automatic.  




 Whoa.  









 No, but it sorts and collects them! 




 There is no need to prevent that. The Wither's upward and downward movements are limited by the ceiling above him and the hoppers below him respectively. And he will never try to break either because he's busy shooting his skulls into the Bedrock/Barrier/End portal frame block. The idea that you need something special to hold the Wither in place is a myth. You could literally place the Wither inside a square of iron blocks and as long as there's an unbreakable block in front of him and a hostile entity on the other side, he will never break out of the square of iron blocks.  




 Indeed! 




 :) 




 Nope. This design only works with oak, birch and jungle wood. The Zipkrowd design works flawlessly with all types of food except dark oak, but my understanding of redstone is not good enough to reproduce it and they haven't made a tutorial.  




 Dig out the Stronghold, replace the empty space with the farm itself, and make the Wither cage around the Portal blocks.  




 [There you go.](http://www.mediafire.com/download/vgzgat41y16ar3h/1_8_Tree_Farm.zip) 




 Well personally I have an Iron Golem and a witch hut farm, so it wasn't complicated at all to get all the resources necessary. But I see your point.  









 Maybe. Would have to test it before I can tell.  




 Lol. Your comment made me smile thanks! :) 




 Not sure what you mean. Can you elaborate? 




 It is. But you have to use the End portal frame blocks of a deactivated End portal.  









 Lol sorry I should have left out the '100%' part out. Simply 'almost fully automatic' is more appropriate. 




 End portal frame block is the only block that can be used to make a legitimate 100% safe Wither cage. The 3 other blocks that the Wither's blue skull attack cannot break are the End portal blocks (the actual portal, not the frame around it), the Barrier blocks and Bedrock. Although you could theoretically use Bedrock, it would be extremely impractical. Barriers blocks are not available in Survival. The actual End portal blocks won't be destroyed but the attack will still go through them.  




 Thanks! Pleasure's mine! 




 I probably didn't do it properly. I'm sorry.  




 Holy mother of villages 









 Exactly. I have a villager breeding   sorting system so getting emeralds and trading them for diamond tools is really easy. Also, I don't wear diamond armor because I find it boring that you're unkillable with enchantments. I mainly use Chainmail armor which looks cooler anyway. :) 




 I wanted to do this in my survival world, but it's a more complex design so I worked things out in Creative first and this was the result. Also, my world has a Nether fortress farm-powered smelting station that uses coal and blaze rod drops from Wither Skeletons and Blazes and I wanted to compare the efficiency between the two.  




 Why what? I'm so sorry I don't understand the question. :( 




 Why? I think it looks nice! 




 Well I did this in my survival single player world. :)  




 Oops! I fixed it! Sadly I can't fix it in the pic. :( 




 [There you go!](https://www.mediafire.com/folder/6t0bbowre79uv/1_8_Tree_Farm) 




 Oh, I know about that. I'm just not sure of what would be a good website to upload it.  




 I would really love to, but I'm not sure how to do that. When I have some time to figure this out, I will.  




 Yeah. Fixed that. Thanks.  




 This farm contains:

[-An AFK-right click wood compressor for oak, birch   jungle wood logs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I07oHxkwV8g)

-An AFK-right click 130 block/min cobblestone generator that can be mined with an Efficiency 5 diamond pickaxe and a Haste II beacon (basic design)

[-A 100% safe 1.8 Wither cage using Barrier blocks (Deactivated End portal frame blocks in a Stronghold can be used for Survival mode)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I07oHxkwV8g)

-[An infinite charcoal producing machine (only works with a constant input of wood logs)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RD1BQAUl134)

[-An auto smelter](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xzbx7vFqqE)

[-2 item sorters](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHjWYCDYJ4s)

You can also make a similar design using a witch hut, blaze or Nether fortress farm instead of the Wither Wood Breaker-Charcoal Maker combo used here. The only thing that you need is a renewable source of fuel. 

[Here's a world download.](https://www.mediafire.com/#6t0bbowre79uv)  









 Mine uses charcoal. Saplings grow into trees, tree logs get pushed into a Wither cage, the Wither breaks the logs, then the logs get turned into charcoal in an infinite loop and the surplus charcoal is used to smelt the blocks.  









 Yes. It's not like making a Wither-based farm is easy anyway. It's already something that takes a lot of work and general game knowledge. It should be something that is hard to do, but that can be reliably done. That's just my opinion anyway.  




 Yes.Technically, it might be possible to make a design that uses the End portal blocks as a wall for the cage, although I can't tell for sure because I've never tried this. But in all cases it's extremely inconvenient to do that.  




 It is the only reason why Wither cage farms cannot exist in 1.8 Minecraft. The players from the Zipkrowd server, which is pretty much the most advanced server in the community when it comes to redstone and general game mechanics, have studied the Wither mechanics quite a bit, and they have concluded that no reliable Wither cage design is possible in 1.8. This is due to the fact that the Wither has a 0.1% chance of shooting out a blue skull when targeting an entity, and that blue skull destroys everything except bedrock, end portal and barrier blocks. 

Redstonespire, formely from the Zipkrowd, has made a tutorial on how to build a tree log compressor, and his design is pretty much the only one that works reliably and compresses all 4 types of wood (dark oak excluded) without glitches or issues in 1.8. You can see it [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HW9-bHUmBbQ).
Since all Wither cage designs are based on the idea of a Wither targeting an entity that it cannot kill, you can see how this is problematic.

He explains why he hasn't made a tutorial on how to build the compressor itself or how to connect it with a Wither cage: because, like I said, there is no way to make a reliable design in which the Wither won't have 0.1% chance of breaking out and destroying everything.

In light of evidence, I believe that if Mojang removed the Wither's blue skull attack, it would be beneficial for the community, in that it would allow the player to interact with the Wither a lot more in order to create cool farms and other things.  




 The [farm from the Zipkrowd server](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sNZsP36hqxk) is much faster than Tango Tek's. Literally twice faster, actually.  And you don't need to build it inside the spawn-chunks either, as it repairs itself.  




 Yeah. This really sucks. I have a friend who plays on a survival vanilla server, and on that server they said that since the Wither has a 0.1% chance of shooting out a blue skull when targeting an entity, there is literally no 100% survival design that can work reliably at the moment. So what they did is they placed a wall of bedrock using Creative mode in front of the Wither (Bedrock and End portal blocks are immune to the Wither's blue skull). They built everything rest in Survival, but still, this isn't 100% legit.  




 I don't know if anyone has thought of this before me, but I couldn't find any videos. I don't know if this is technically possible either, but I would say it is. The logs get broken by the Wither, then sent to a charcoal farm where they get turned into surplus charcoal, then the charcoal goes to an automatic furnace system. Meanwhile, the cobblestone from the cobblestone generator is sent to the automatic furnace system as well, thus cooking it into stone. You could put something heavy on your mouse's right click button, create cobblestone for an hour, then do the same thing for the Wither log breaker and go AFK while you're placing saplings for an hour. This way, you'd get massive amounts of stone with little effort. 

Do you guys think this would work?  




 [Correct.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BTSieOFzldk)
The farm design in itself is not mine, of course. I just wanted to show off the aesthetics of the whole thing. :P  




 All you need now is a jukebox!  




 Looks yummy. What is it made of?  









 Whoa this is amazing! Thank you! Will most definitely be using! Also, I LOVE that it has some of the mod blocks included. Once again, amazing!  




 Just so you guys know, I haven't tested this yet. But I just came across it and thought it was very smart.  









 Yes. But that's just me.  









 Good to know, thanks! 




 I want to build one, but I hear there's a very small chance (less than 1%) of the Wither somehow not targetting the Iron Golem and breaking free from the cage? Is this true?  




 You don't need to do cardio in order to lose adipose tissue. What you need is a caloric deficit. You do cardio to - you won't believe it - improve your cardiovascular ability. I suggest you focus on maintaining a daily caloric deficit and lifting weights. Especially the deficit part. Good luck! 









 Thanks! 




 It is though. That's the reason why we are the dominant species on this planet. Instead of adapting to the environment, we adapt the environment to our needs. Humans have thrived on almost every continent and piece of land for thousands of years.  




 Similarly, why aren't there villages in every biome? Evolutionary speaking, humans can adapt to any climate/environment; this should be true in Minecraft as well. I think having snowy/jungle/Mesa themed villages would be really cool. Also, villagers could be trading different things based on the climate/environment of their biome.  




 It's a question that I've been asking myself for a while. My understanding of redstone mechanics is limited, but I know that you can make things move on their own with redstone, pistons and slime blocks. I was wondering if it would possible to make a Wither cage move on its own and, this way, automatically break and collect virtually any block that the Wither can destroy?  




 Great idea. Thanks.  




 Haha me and Etho are the only ones. :D 




 Fair enough. To be honest I had a double chest full of Endstone and felt inspired. That's mainly why I did it lol. Inspiration is a weird thing, so you take it as it comes.  




 What would you have replaced the Endstone with? I just think it's very fitting in this case, but I could be wrong.  




 H... How? I don't even. This is beyond my builder's understanding. Explanation please.  









 Nice beginner gains man! You did a good job on the training. However, you won't be able to get away that easily with eating 'pretty much whatever' in the future, you might wanna know...  




 Right now, I'm cutting so:

-Clenbuterol Hydrochloride

-Ephedrine Hydrochloride (when I'm not taking clen)

-Creatine Monohydrate

-Omega-3 fish oil

-Multivitamin

-5-HTP

-Aspirin (when I'm not taking Clen)

-Potassium tablets

-Taurine capsules

-BCAA supplement

-Caffeine tablets

-Glutamine

-Beta alanine

-Whey protein (not really a supplement but yeah) 









 Lol maybe (I wish:D) 




 Thanks! 




 Hum, maybe, but what? Sure sand would work, but wouldn't that be too much sand? 




 Haha I didn't mean in the End, like the dimension lol. I meant 'in the end' like 'ultimately' 'at the end of the day'. :D But on that note I think Endstone can look good with a few things... In fact I've used it as a building block in the past, I just can't remember for what or give you a specific example atm, will edit when I do.  




