




 I think we just created a playbook for other countries here. 




 Apparently he read the article. 



















 As if we didn't already know 









 Bahahaha! Good one 




 Wow, spot on. My pet peeve is random "drive-bys" at my cubicle at work.  




 What are you hoping to do/experience/accomplish while you are here? 




 Mostly looking for new website/app ideas, but open to anything! 




 Instant down vote. Can I multiply it by more down votes for you to have any sort of up vote? I think not. 




 OK, let me hop in my time machine to illustrate this "real-world" example 














 Just going to go out on a limb and guess you probably don't watch any type of sports either. 









 Who in IT doesn't have one. 



















 Cleaning crappers 




 I think Eli made up this phrase 




 is Jeopardy 




 "Well, sonny Jim, I'm gonna get me one a 'dem Facebooks right thare." 









 because they're "sharks" 




 eBay Auction: 
http://www.ebay.com/itm/221357006206?ssPageName=STRK:MEWAX:IT _trksid=p3984.m1438.l2649 









 And become a mountain man with th3battula? 




 Very inconspicuous 




 What does that affect injuring yourself? 




 We'll say boxers, extra runny poo with stark white pants to make things interesting 




 Bahahahaha! 




 You have no spare clothes. 




 Pretty much. 









 is this a sarcastic comment? 




 111 is the current record 




 Just walk away while they're still talking 




 How do you get this in edge-wise if the other person keeps talking? 




 Check my drawers for skid marks 




 That's not really a number. 









 It's the next logical progression in reality show entertainment 




 What if I told you this is a blatant lie. 




 Looks like an ant army took over 




 This is a fantabulous idea 




 OK, I'll check it out. Thanks 




 I don't see 'down vote them' on the list 




 Reddit 




 Amazon used to be really good with shipping even without Prime. I don't mind waiting 3 days, but man, 1 week+? 




 What if I told you this is the worst post I've seen all morning 




 Better tip for Amazon users - shop elsewhere. Amazon's shipping has been slow as molasses for every order I've placed this past year. 




 Robots will become smarter than humans and wipe us out. 




 Anybody have a playbook or guidelines for setting up/maintaining small business accounting from scratch?

This is for a new LLC. 




 Nobody? 




 Make way! 




 Very creative! 




 Why the quick down votes? You guys are no fun! 




