 He's stupid, he's short, he's ugly.  He will not do well in primaries.  Americans don't like short and ugly although they tolerate stupid to a frightening degree.  Wisconsinites do seem to favor ignorant dropouts, though.  Rep. Reid Ribble is a bible school dropout and Walker just couldn't cut it in college.  These men have no education, no brains, and no morals. They are Koch brother whores.  









 Walker is the puppet of the Koch brothers who are using Wisconsin as the testing ground state for their world/nation destroying policies. 




 One of my favorite Mozart compositions.  Also love Pollini and Bhm in K.488. 




 Vier letzte Lieder - 4 Last Songs.  There are many great recordings:
Anneliese Rothenberger, Andr Previn https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n77jQCrjA6M
Martina Arroyo, Gnter Wand https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0epM71y1l8M
Olga Peretyatko, Dmitri Bliss https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4QvFynvO7yc
 




 The live broadcasts of Tristan with Flagstad and Melchior at the Met, from 1935 to 1941, are the most brilliantly sung, imo.  Also immortal are the live Beecham and Reiner recordings from 1936 and 1937. 
 
There are some phenomenally sung/conducted Meistersingers from Knappertsbusch (3 available) and a studio recording from Kubelik with Sandor Konya's gorgeous, Italianate Walther and Gundala Janowitz's luminous Eva.  

The 1955 live stereo Ring from Keilberth at Bayreuth is first rate.  It was suppressed until recently because of preferential treatment of Solti's studio recording (with less excellent singing, imo).  I actually like the Keilberth 1953 Ring even better.  

There is a live Tannhuser from Leinsdorf with Melchior and Flagstad that is one of the greatest live opera recordings I've ever heard.

I prefer Golden Age Wagnerian singing/conducting. Many of these recordings are available on YouTube. 




 Ljuba Welitsch's Salome was unforgettable.  Here she is with Fritz Reiner and Hans Hotter, one of the greatest Wotans.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SJMlNDFS0Q
She recorded the final scene with Reiner in 1949 - hair raising: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3BReBIkkExM 









 All the more reason to condemn him and call him out on his repressive, backward attitude. 




 Rand Paul is anti-abortion. Period.   




 It's called the lieto  fine, a tradition in opera buffa to conclude with a joyful ending. 




 Whatever he calls himself, his position on women's rights is wrong. 




