 Can you provide 1 example that something like that even exists ? I don't think you can, because I'm certain that it doesn't. Whereas there are numerous examples of the JIDF existing and thriving. 

[You have this article from USA Today about them.](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2013/08/14/israel-students-social-media/2651715/)

[Then there's this one about the Israeli hasbara program from the HuffingtonPost.](http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2013/08/14/israel-pay-students-propaganda_n_3755782.html)

[You also have this one about Israeli college students engaging in social media manipulation from the BBC.](http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-news-from-elsewhere-23695896)

I look forward to your response, and please, please try to stay on topic. I don't need any of your 'whataboutisms', masquerading as excuses for Israel's pervasive social media propaganda program.  




 Damn that's a great painting.  




 Well this is legitimately depressing news.  




 Okay.  




 That particular podcast was especially epic. It was the 2nd podcast of yours that I listened to, and I would greatly appreciate it if you could revisit this topic in the near future. That Brookings Institute paper that you sourced, Which Path to Persia,  was equally illuminating and infuriating.   




 First I just want to say thank you for doing this AMA James.

With that being said my question is what do you consider to be the smoking gun of all well regarded conspiracy theories.  What grand government conspiracy do you think suggests that things are not in fact they way that they seem and that we are being deceived on a massive scale, involving an elaborate conspiracy encompassing powerful interests in the fields of mass media, government,  finance, etc. ? Basically what is/was the conspiracy that opened your eyes to the alternative news world of conspiracy ?  




 The submission has been up for over 2 hours and no one has pointed this out yet so I'll go ahead   do it. Malaysia's Prime Minister made this very controversial statement while hosting the heads of state of nations like Iran and North Korea. You also have the fact that [Malaysia's Prime Minister also hosted a 9/11 Truth Conference in Malaysia in 2012.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8HZdgaViIyI) 

Of course 2014 was the year of the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 which plunged the nation into chaos and destroyed a great amount of faith in the Malaysian government. The plane going missing basically was and continues to be a PR nightmare for the tiny, island nation that dared to speak out against the most powerful forces in the world.   




 Nah no problem, for the record I agree with your comment. Just saying that "the Jews" are in control of the world economy is an irresponsible blanket statement, and gives ammunition to those that would seek to discredit us as being racists. Its far more accurate to say that Zionists are in control of the world economy, case in point, Joe Biden, a self-professed Zionist. I'll chalk it up to being an error in delivering his message by the Prime Minister, obviously English is not his first language.  




 What are you talking about, he says right in the beginning:

"Today the Jews rule this world by proxy, they get others to fight and die. They invented socialism, communism, human rights and democracy, so that persecuting them appears to be wrong. So they enjoy equal rights as others. With this they have gained control of the most powerful countries."

I don't get it, are you hoping that people don't watch this 2:40 second video and just read your comment ? Also the title I went with is the same title as the video on YouTube, I never alter the titles of my submissions. I always go with the title that the person who submitted the original content decided was fitting. Literally the first words in the video are, "Today the Jews".  




 How is this a petition of poll ? I don't see why it was removed, its a straightforward article. Can you please indicate where/how it is a petition/poll ?  




 Shill, baby shill.  




 Right ignore my links and evidence that would implicate you as a paid Israeli shill. 

I'm sure I'll see you on another comment thread about Israel, defending their various land grabs, apartheid practices and continued collective oppression of the Palestinian people.  




 Said the guy who does nothing but post pro-Israel propaganda all day like its their job, which it very well could be. Just a casual perusing of your account shows that all you do is defend Israel with zero nuance in your comments. There isn't one condemnation to be found, and before you begin acting all incredulous about me accusing you of being a Pro-Israel hasbara shill here more than a few examples of this type of pervasive activity taking place on social media.

[There's Israeli college students that do it on behalf of the Israeli government.](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2013/08/14/israel-students-social-media/2651715/)

[Then we have this article about it from the HuffingtonPost.](http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2013/08/14/israel-pay-students-propaganda_n_3755782.html)

[BBC also wrote an article about this highly manipulative practice employed by Israeli's and the Israeli government known as hasbara.](http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-news-from-elsewhere-23695896)

[There's also the case of a user known as HamBaconEggs who plagued CommonDreams.com with anti semitic comments from something like 20 different accounts just to make it seem like that Jewish people were being persecuted on CommonDreams and it was a bastion for anti-semitism. Pretty despicable if you ask me, considering the fact that CommonDreams is reader supported and funded. HamBaconEggs and his 20 other accounts were all the same person and CommonDreams had to launch an investigation to get to the bottom of it. They tracked him down using his IP address and found out that it was just 1 graduate student in the Midwest,  highly manipulative and despicable practice.](http://www.commondreams.org/hambaconeggs) 




 [All you have to do is look at these pictures of Palestine from 1946 to 2012 to see how much damage these illegal Israeli land seizures have done to the Palestinians.](https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/articles/activism/7658-qdisappearing-palestineq-poster-campaign-takes-vancouver-by-storm)

While the whole Western media quibbles away on whether or not Israel is technically engaging in apartheid and ethnic cleansing, Israeli settlers continue to seize more land, with barely a murmur coming out of the Western press about it.  




 Swede !  




 Right, well your buddy on this comment thread Kobe got shadowbanned for trying to incite a witch hunt against me so I'd be careful about conspiring witch hunts against me on my own comment thread. Its a violation of Reddiquette to initiate witch hunts against other users. As for reporting me to the admins, go right ahead I have nothing to hide. My IP address proves I am 1 person with 1 account. So happy witch hunting. 




 If only India and China would set aside their differences and unite forces with Russia to create an Eastern block that could greatly raise the living standards of people in those 3 nations. They've been divided to the benefit of the West for far to long. Divide and conquer, the old adage rings as true now as ever. 

How can the BRICS nations really expect to give the existing world order a shake up with their 2nd and 3rd most powerful countries constantly at each others throats over control of Southeast Asia ?  




 Again, instead of ignoring me and attempting to incite a witch hunt against me why don't you address me directly ?

How do you think I am manipulating votes ? 

Are you sure you're not just butthurt because the majority of my submissions to /r/politics regularly make the front page ? 

Cause it certainly seems that way to me.  




 WTF are you talking about !? 

Please cite how I am "clearly gaming the system."

You are inciting a witch-hunt against me, which can get you shadow banned. I look forward to your response on how I'm gaming the system. Sorry my posts regularly being at the top of the page here and resonating with the /r/politics community has you so butthurt /s.  




 I agree, my favorite thing about listening to his podcast is his even keeled nature. Alex Jones, with his fear mongering and bombast does the entire 'conspiracy community' a disservice by acting so crazy on national television. 

Corbett on the other hand has a very professorial style of delivery, with his constant citations and level tone of voice. I've referred to him a few times here on /r/conspiracy as the antidote to Alex Jones.  




 Literally the 1st paragraph in the article:

'The number of homeless residents in New York City, the largest city in the United States, reached a record high this month at more than 56,000 people. Halfway around the world, another metropolis recently hit a homeless record of its own: just 1,697 people are currently homeless in Tokyo, also its countrys largest city and the most populated city in the world, a record low since surveys began in 2002.' 




 Do you have any links citing even 1 example of people being paid to post pro-Palestine or anti-Israel material ? 

The answer is no, because no such program exists.

[Whereas I have several that would heavily suggest that you are an Israeli hasbara shill.](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2013/08/14/israel-students-social-media/2651715/)

[Of course you are going to deny it, because that is your job.](http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2013/08/14/israel-pay-students-propaganda_n_3755782.html)

[You and your Israeli shill buddies can downvote me to oblivion but it doesn't change the fact that I have proof in the form of several articles on the subject while all you have are ad hominem attacks and baseless accusations.](http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-news-from-elsewhere-23695896)

[Again, just provide one credible link that would suggest that Palestinians even have the resources to employ a subversive social media propaganda of the like that Israel has employed for several years.](http://www.haaretz.com/news/national/.premium-1.541142) 




 Said the guy whose entire account is seemingly dedicated to defending Israel. At least half of your comments appear to be in defense of Israel. Sorry my posting articles about this obvious apartheid is forcing you to work extra hard in your Israel PR /s.  




 I have my reasons. That'll have to do for now.  




 Hello Mr. Gage, my question is what you think of former Senator Bob Graham discussing the redacted 28 pages of material from the 9/11 Commission Report ? 

Former Senator Graham has stated that what is in those 28 redacted pages directly links Saudi Arabia to the 9/11 hijackers. If that is the case, do you think that a grassroots effort by your organization could place pressure on certain key elected officials to introduce more bipartisan legislation to get the 28 pages declassified ? 

In other words, could it really be that simple ? Now I'm aware how secretive the federal government is with their classified documents, like how there are still documents that relate to the Kennedy assassination that are classified. Do you think that the 28 classified pages could be the holy grail of the 9/11 truth movement ? 




 Hello Mr. Gage, my question is what you think of former Senator Bob Graham discussing the redacted 28 pages of material from the 9/11 Commission Report ? 

Former Senator Graham has stated that what is in those 28 redacted pages directly links Saudi Arabia to the 9/11 hijackers. If that is the case, do you think that a grassroots effort by your organization could place pressure on certain key elected officials to introduce more bipartisan legislation to get the 28 pages declassified ? 

In other words, could it really be that simple ? Now I'm aware how secretive the federal government is with their classified documents, like how there are still documents that relate to the Kennedy assassination that are classified. Do you think that the 28 classified pages could/should be the holy grail of the 9/11 truth movement ? 




 Thanks, they haven't responded to my last retort and that was over an hour ago. 




 This is the 1st reply message I received from a mod at /r/worldnews, its from /u/green_flash:

"Not every Israel/Palestine-related story is major world news. This one surely isn't."

I'll keep you guys posted.  




 That is a great quote,  its the open secret that no sitting politician is allowed to utter. Scratch that, no important public figure is allowed to utter, anyone who has a voice out there that shines a light on this fact is immediately slandered, discredited and derided by the very machine they attempted to expose. Nixon was a dirty politician and he gets the entire force of the media brought down upon him. Whereas someone like Bush can steal an election, invade Iraq, create a decade-plus long clusterfuck in the Middle East, oversee an economic calamity and never seriois talk of impeachment. Its absolutely because someone like Bush is a staunch ally of Israel. Nixon illegally wiretaps a handful of politicians and he's the greatest enemy to freedom amd liberty to ever sit in the Oval Office, Bush amd Obama illegally wiretap the entire country via the NSA and those very same media establishments largely trip over themselves to defend and justify their actions, effectively pacifying the public. The level of hypocrisy is unbelievable.  
 




 Is it any coincidence the media then sought out to destroy and marginalize Nixon forcing him to resign. Think of all of the atrocities committed by other presidents before and after Nixon, the media didn't make it their sole purpose to force them out of office. Gee, I wonder why ? One of these things is not like the other. It is often said that the media destroying Nixon post-Watergate was the 1st demonstration of, "the power of the press", they sure aren't kidding about that. Was it really about Watergate, or was Watergate just a convenient excuse to get rid of the last president that wasn't completely subservient to them ? 




 I messaged the admins about you, you are insane, you are deleting your comments to cover your tracks, but you are spamming this same comment in the comments section of all of my /r/worldnews submissions. You have dedicated this account to defaming me and assassinating my character, you are a spammer, you are stalking me on Reddit, and are sending me harassing PM's. BTW, the fact that you have to resort to this kind of ad hominem attacks and character assassination only proves that you are losing the debate on the actual issue (Israel/Palestine). This is classic PR, you're losing the debate, so you are attempting to slander and defame me. I'm through messaging you as you don't respond to my comment here in the comment section, you'd rather send me harassing personal messages. Stop personal messaging me, 1 day-old account.  




 I don't get, bunny388 are you an Israeli hasbara/JIDF shill ? All of your comments in your 2 month old account are pro-Israel talking points right out of the Israeli hasbara-handbook. 

[Are you 1 of the many Israeli college students Israel has tasked with the duty of being a keyboard warrior ?](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2013/08/14/israel-students-social-media/2651715/) 

[Your entire account is literally dedicated to protecting Israel and labeling all Palestinians as terrorists. Keep on spewing your propaganda, and of course when someone calls you out on it, you can begin launching unprovoked, ad-hominem attacks against me to attempt to assassinate my character. All out of the hasbara handbook.](http://www.jpost.com/Opinion/Op-Ed-Contributors/Hasbara-public-diplomacy-and-propaganda-358211) 




 It seems like you created this account just to disparage me, that's pretty fucking nutty. Then you dig through my history to come up with that character assassination, your account is just 38 minutes old. The fact that you have to engage in such ad hominem attacks and character assassination just proves that you're losing the argument on the actual debate which is Israel and Palestine. Try staying on topic instead of creating gimmick accounts to attempt to assassinate my character.
Enjoy stalking me you fucking nut. I'll certainly be here continuing to expose Israel's many crimes against humanity. As for all the nonsense you just spewed, I'm not even going to dignify that with a response. 




 It seems like you created this account just to disparage me, that's pretty fucking nutty. Then you dig through my history to come up with that character assassination, your account is just 38 minutes old. The fact that you have to engage in such ad hominem attacks and character assassination just proves that you're losing the argument on the actual debate which is Israel and Palestine. Try staying on topic instead of creating gimmick accounts to attempt to assassinate my character. 

Enjoy stalking me you fucking nut. I'll certainly be here continuing to expose Israel's many crimes against humanity. As for all the nonsense you just spewed, I'm not even going to dignify that with a response.  




 Bingo, I've been exchanging mod mails with /u/EightRoundsRapid, /u/DonTago and /u/anutensil about the removal all morning. All post them here later when I'm through exposing the hypocrisy.  




 Yea, but those people are not being compensated for doing so like the Israelis are, its misleading to suggest that they are. No other country offers college credit for propagandizing social media websites like Israel does.  




 "outright left Gaza."

Maybe outright left a smoldering hole where Gaza used to be. You're delusional if you think that putting up blockade walls around the West Bank and Gaza is not annexing it. They have checkpoints for Palestinians to cross into Israel in the West Bank and Gaza. The Palestinians can't even get simple building supplies and medicine through Israel's inhumane blockade, leaving the Palestinians to fester in an open-air prison. Israel is overseeing a humanitarian disaster in Gaza. So if they don't have boots on the ground there its okay, as long as they imprison and confine them it doesn't count as annexation, good fucking luck with that 1. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blockade_of_the_Gaza_Strip

http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/monkey-cage/wp/2014/08/04/is-israels-blockade-worth-fighting-for/

 




 Right I forgot, any news source that is staffed predominantly by Arabs is considered "a local source" and not credible in the eyes of the mainstream media, remind me again, what is the ethnicity of the people that run the mainstream media, cause it certainly isn't Arab ?  




 "Oh my God ! Stop the fucking presses ! An Arab, drove his Jihad mobile into the Holy Land and started selectively taking out God's Chosen People its practically the Holocaust all over again ! You do remember the Holocaust, don't you ? "

That's just a brief summation of what I think David Brooks would've written in the New York Times today about it, David Brooks, whose son BTW is enlisted in the IDF, a fact the very influential New York Times journalist has failed to divulge in years of his employment at the NYT and years of his sons enlistment in the IDF.    




 This is the response I got from the mod u/EightRoundsRapid : 

"Is every road traffic accident world news?" 




 He said, without a hint of irony.  




 No other country does what Israel does in their Israeli hasbara program. Don't try to act like Russia and China have such pervasive propaganda programs, they actually have enough people of Chinese or Russian descent to actually be sympathetic to their cause and realize that their nation is rarely the aggressor in international disputes. Its usually the warmongering United States. Here are some links about Israeli hasbara and the JIDF, thought it sounds like you have your mind made up and are going to try to minimize the affects of Israel's government mandated international propaganda program:

http://www.commondreams.org/hambaconeggs

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jewish_Internet_Defense_Force

http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2013/08/14/israel-students-social-media/2651715/ 




 The black panthers also don't get $3 billion plus in aid from the US government and lobby for US intervention in needless wars that fit their interests in the Middle East, the way that AIPAC does for the US to wage war on Iran.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Israel_Lobby_and_U.S._Foreign_Policy 




 Never mind, make that 3 times you've referenced 1 removal of a story critical of Palestinians that was removed.  




 How many times are you going to cite that 1 example, this is the 2nd time you've done so, just on the comments for this submission ?  




 They also just removed this story about an Israeli settler running over 2 girls in occupied Palestine, killing a 5-year old under the auspices that and these are the moderator, u/EightRoundsRapid exact words:

"Is every road traffic accident world news?"

Here's the link to my submission:

http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2jr046/jewish_settler_runs_over_2_palestinian_children/

I messaged the mod in question about the selective censorship that had taken place and I'm awaiting their response.  




 That's right, keep on blaming the victims. Clearly the oppressed are the ones with all the power in the situation /s.  




 I wonder how long until the mods remove this for some bullshit, contrived reason. Anything critical of Israel must go. Just ask u/anutensil. That mod is practically an Israeli hasbara agent.  




 I think since Israel's war on Gaza this past summer the censorship has increased greatly. The PR battle on r/worldnews was evident to anyone who spent time there, that's also when they introduced filters, the first filter was "Israel/Palestine". Israel-related news stories also get downvoted into oblivion like never before as well, I can't submit anything about Israel without it immediately showing zero upvotes and just 25% or 50% upvoting it.  




 Here is the reply I received from u/anutensil about the removal of my submission:

"News about Israel   Palestine has always tended to overwhelm /r/worldnews, so guidelines were set in place years ago about what is considered major and what should be directed to /r/Israel or /r/Palestine, which were created, in part, to handle the overflow.

This particular story may become more significant in the future, but considering the context, it is not considered a major story at this time."

Make of that what you will. I don't know how much energy I have left to continue going to r/worldnews to keep on fighting the good fight. 

I was going to get into a long exchange with u/anutensil about this, but I just didn't feel like it today. [Also, what with the recent news on how Google News will now start including r/worldnews in their search results you have to expect that the likes of u/anutensil will be flipping the subjective censorship into overdrive. I knew as soon as I read about this, that it would even further negatively impact r/worldnews.](http://searchengineland.com/internets-front-page-reddit-now-worthy-google-news-205180)

R/worldnews used to be a place where you went to get the news stories that the mainstream media ignored, it is now a shell of its former self. All you get there now is the mainstream media echo chamber, its basically a sub dedicated to Russia/ISIS/Ebola-fear mongering. 

You certaintly won't hear anything critical of Israel there anymore, not after Google basically condoned r/worldnews selective censorship by putting them alongside the mainstream news outlets in their news search results. I'm certain the admins also congratulated the mods of r/worldnews on that recent revelation and probably told them to keep up the good work, or something to that effect. 

Furthermore, I don't think anyone should come down to hard on u/AssuredlyaThrowAway, he's the lowest mod on their totem pole, and to expect him to burn bridges in worldnews just to make a statement is childish. If you want to direct your ire somewhere, direct it to the mod that is responsible for this, u/anutensil. There's 26 mods on r/worldnews and he only has 1 account and 1 vote.  




 The mods said it wasn't posted in the appropriate subreddit. This, a story about settlers from one country, burning down a mosque in a different country is considered to be, "Not Appropriate Subreddit". I took that to mean that any criticism of Israel is not appropriate for this subreddit. I really can't believe it. They removed it about an hour ago and I messaged them about it immediately, I still haven't heard back yet and I'm sure they are going to drag their feet on this, if not ignore my message entirely. With this strategy, they get to put off approving the submission until tomorrow morning when the submission will be, approximately 20 hours old and still be sitting at the same 870 upvotes that it garnered in just 9 hours. Thereby relegating it to no longer front page material, effectively censoring it out of visibility. The mods think they're so clever. That's what's going to end up happening to my front page submission about this subject. It was critical of Israel so its not appropriate for this supposed worldnews subreddit.  




 "War against a foreign country only happens when the moneyed classes think they are going to profit from it."

 - George Orwell
 




 Red Ice Radio. 

Red Ice Radio recently got banned from iTunes because they aired a podcast with the director of our recent documentary of the week selection, Adolf Hitler: The Greatest Story Never Told. In that podcast they discussed historical revisionism and how the victors of World War II are the only ones allowed to expound anything about World War II or Adolf Hitler.  




 Its not my title, its the title from the author of the article. I never alter the titles of my submissions to mislead Redditors into upvoting clickbait titles that don't accurately reflect the authors intended message in the article.  




 Well that's what happens when you basically criminalize non-violent protests. Its a lot easier to manufacture consent when you don't physically see people protesting foreign policy in the streets on your commute home from your cubicle.  




 Yes, I do, at least more than I trust other alternative news sources. He's the only alternative news/ conspiracy podcast guy that talks about the evils of Israel and Zionism which buys him a great deal of credibility in my book.  




 It is said that no one truly knows a nation until one has been inside its jails. A nation should not be judged by how it treats its highest citizens, but its lowest ones. 

 Nelson Mandela 




 Sounds like Australia just got their very own version of the NDAA.  




 James Corbett did a great episode of his podcast on Noam Chomsky and how he fits the criteria of your classic academic gatekeeper. He parrots the 9/11 official story without batting an eyelash, the man is classic controlled opposition. [Here's the link to the podcast if you're interested, its called Meet Noam Chomsky, Academic Gatekeeper](http://www.corbettreport.com/meet-noam-chomsky-academic-gatekeeper-video/) 




 Netanyahu: No chance for peace deal unless the people we're committing genocide on, allow us to continue our genocide  




 If you want to tell people the truth, make them laugh, otherwise they'll kill you.


 Oscar Wilde, The Nightingale and the Rose 




 People don't want to know, the average American appears to be blissful in their ignorance. The way that Americans are taught history is in a childlike good vs. evil paradigm, there's no room for nuance in this paradigm. Take the biggest history lesson we're given in our compulsory education for example, World War II. We're taught that the Allies were the good guys while the Axis nations were pure evil, that is the same application used to judge world events by Americans. They're happy being the good guys, as juvenile as the notion is.  




 Unprovoked ad-hominem attacks are a sure sign of someone winning a debate /s.  




 What clout does the USA have over Israel, every time the US asks Israel not to do build new settlements on illegally seized land they're given the equivalent of the middle finger from the likes of Benjamin Netanyahu or Avigdor Lieberman. [Here's an article about how Netanyahu told Obama to "Never second guess him again", is that what you consider having clout over another country ?](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/08/02/netanyahu-hamas_n_5643852.html)

[Then barely a week later, Netanyahu has the balls to ask the US to help him avoid war crime charges at the UN. Netanyahu goes from, "Don't ever second guess me" to "Please save my rotten war crime committing administration". What an ungrateful asshole.](http://nypost.com/2014/08/06/netanyahu-asks-us-to-help-israel-avoid-war-crime-charges/) 




 When all else fails, resort to ad-hominem attacks. Its good to know you're losing the debate on this thread.  




 Yea you aren't allowed to say that Jews are much wealthier than Muslims and are very influential in politics. 

We live in an insane world when you can't state the truth without being downvoted into oblivion or called an anti-Semite.

[The single largest donor in the 2012 presidential election was Sheldon Adelson, a conservative Jewish billionaire who openly advocates for US military action against Iran and argues against diplomacy against Iran. Now I bet that has nothing to do with Israel, it probably has to do with using the US military to attack Iran to protect his chain of hotel casinos /s.](http://swampland.time.com/2013/10/23/sheldon-adelson-nuke-iran/)  




 Recognition, its about damn time for some recognition. I've said for a long time that the 1st country that recognizes Palestine will come from Western Europe. The US only ever pays lip service to the 2 state solution, while simultaneously funding the continued oppression of the Palestinian people.  




 Swede !  




 Swede !  




 Ok, I'll delete my submission and resubmit with the exact title.  




 [The Money Masters](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dq9yjt_JbWs)

The Money Masters is a 1996 three and a half hour non-fiction, historical documentary film that discusses the concepts of money, debt, taxes, and describes their development from biblical times onward. It also covers the history of fractional-reserve banking, central banking, monetary policy, the bond market, and the Federal Reserve System in the United States.

This is a must-watch for anyone interested in monetary policy or the Rothschild dynasty.  




 These kinds of videos always give me a freedom boner.  




 I got banned from r/documentaries for reposting this after it was initially removed. 

They definitely don't want criticism of Israel to become a regular thing over there. About a month ago, I got a documentary about AIPAC to be #1 on r/documentaries with over 1000 upvotes and more than 1000 comments. 

After I began inquiring to the mods about why my doc kept getting removed and why I was being hassled about reposting it, they accused me of having an agenda and not wanting anyone to use r/documentaries as a platform for anything in particular. 

When I asked if the fact that the submission was about Israel had anything to do with it being removed, I was derided for being a conspiracy theorist. Shortly thereafter I was banned. They accused me of having an agenda, when I countered and said it was in fact the mods that were removing documentaries critical of Israel and they were the ones with the agenda, I was banned. 

I messaged them 2 hours ago about my ban, and nothing yet. They responded to the rest of my messages pretty quickly, so we shall see ...  




 NOOICE !  




 Sure, 100% of them are rapists, murderers and thieves, that's what private prisons consist of. 

There's no way the vast majority of prisoners are nonviolent drug offenders /s.  




 You should have made a self.conspiracy submission about you being banned from r/history for posting this documentary. It would illustrate the level of lockstep being used to suppress this documentary. This documentary was also removed from YouTube and Vimeo. If it happened to me I would definitely let people know that I was banned simply for suggesting a documentary.  




 Loud and clear. 

Over.  




 [Adolf Hitler: The Greatest Story Never Told](http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=eaf_1382262528)

This documentary is responsible for radically changing my worldview, more than any other film I've ever seen. 

I consider myself above all to be a history buff, conspiracy, trivia, popular culture, these things come after what I consider to be a very good grasp of history. When you find out that you have been lied to you, your entire life, about the events that occurred in World War II; you will feel completely betrayed/hoodwinked by US history or propaganda on the matter. The propaganda is so pervasive and saturating that you will not be able to get over the deception. There has never been a more 1-sided story told, than the story of Adolf Hitler. 

Also as an added caveat, this documentary has the rare distinction of being so controversial that it was censored by YouTube   Vimeo. 

This documentary answers so many questions, and it portrays Hitler as being more than your usual psychopathic, power-hungry, raving anti-Semite. 

If you really want to go down the rabbit hole, you have to watch this movie about the greatest conspiracy of all, the fact that our own history has been hijacked. The 'history' that we are taught in our compulsory state-mandated education is nothing more than Ally propaganda, amplified by 70 years of documentaries   Hollywood movies vilifying Hitler.

If you do decide to watch this documentary, just keep 2 very prescient quotes in mind beforehand:

He who controls the past controls the future. He who controls the present controls the past. 

 George Orwell, 1984

 

History is written by the victors.


 Winston Churchill

Also, take into account that in the 12 years of compulsory education that you receive in the US, you don't spend a single history lesson learning about World War II from a German perspective. In democratically electing Hitler, Germans are written off by Western historians as collectively being gripped by a national lunacy. My response to this method of 1-sided teaching of a subject as expansive is World War II is utter incredulity. How can you expect someone to know anything about a war, when they are only teaching 1-side of the issue ? 

After you watch this movie, it will become apparent that we are all the victims of rampant historical revision. Everything that Hitler accomplished in a short amount of time, like lifting tens of millions of Germans out of dire poverty, has been effectively revised out of all the history books. Now, even if you are taking a college level history course, all that is taught about Hitler is that he was a raving racist. Not that his Chancellorship oversaw the most astonishing economic recovery in the history of human civilization. The fact that Hitler began issuing government-sanctioned currency and went around the fiat currency, central banking system that he saw as parasitic; was revolutionary. 

The real reason the powers that be went after Hitler is because he sought to systemically change the banking system, he wanted to issue debt-free German currency from the central government. The powers behind international finance could not allow such a thing to occur as it would expose their parasitic, money as debt, fiat currency system.  




 YouTube and Vimeo have both removed this documentary. The only quasi-well knows website I know that hasn't censored this documentary, LiveLeak. Just the fact that Vimeo   YouTube wouldn't allow this documentary on there websites speaks volumes.  I know its 6 hours but once you start watching it, it really begins to fly by. 

Best, most mind-blowing documentary ever. 

All I can say to people considering watching this documentary is to prepare to change your worldview in its entirety. 

Also, before you watch this movie, ask yourself 1 question:

How come in the 12 years of compulsory education you receive in the US where you get World War 2   the Holocaust drilled in your head from the Allies perspective every single year, how come you don't spend a single history class studying World War 2 from the German perspective ? Why is the German interpretation of those events never taught in school, even for a single history lesson ?  




 Just to let you know, the mods deleted your top comment on this thread. Pretty fucked up if you ask me.  




 Yea Afghanistan is also currently under military occupation by the United States, that is why its foreign aid levels are currently so high, whereas Israel's foreign aid is never going to go away. Afghanistan is getting foreign aid from the US in return for being occupied by tens of thousands of US soldiers, continually for the last 5 years. 

Remind me again, when was that long US-Israel war that the United States is still repaying Israel for ? Oh right, it never happened, so why the fuck are we giving them so much foreign aid ? 

Furthermore, the average Israeli gets more than $408.40 a year, per-capita from the US taxpayer, compare that to the average Afghan, who gets $423, per-capita from US taxpayers and has to put up with that pesky, US military to boot.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_foreign_aid#Recipients

[Also, there's the fact that total US aid to Israel over the last 6 decades amounts to $233.7 billion, or $3.9 billion a year, for 60 years.](http://www.haaretz.com/business/u-s-aid-to-israel-totals-233-7b-over-six-decades.premium-1.510592)  




 The real reason the Israeli defense minister is saying these things is because Turkey is planning on sending an aid flotilla through the Israeli blockade of Gaza to get much needed food, medicine and water to the people of Gaza. [No one has done more for the Palestinian people than Turkey, and that is what really bothers the Israeli defense minister. When he says "supporting terrorism", what he really wants to say is, "supporting Palestinians".](http://www.nytimes.com/2014/08/13/world/europe/turkey-aid-flotilla-is-planned-for-gaza.html?_r=0) 




 "The main purpose of the stock market is to make fools of as many men as possible."

 -  Bernard Baruch 




 [It has to be Bulls on Parade, the song is all about governments use of military contracts for business revenues. Its classic Smedley Butler material.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3L4YrGaR8E4) 




 Yea right, sorry the Palestinians can't be as honorable as the Na'vi from Avatar. 

These people have been oppressed more than any other group of people on Earth and now they are being given grief for resorting to guerrilla tactics. 

The Palestinians are living under the an occupying regime, when you are under occupation you resort to tactics you otherwise wouldn't. Its as simple as that, use guerrilla tactics against a better funded, better equipped enemy with strong international backing, or perish. 

The Palestinians are resisting an occupying force, a practice as old as warfare itself. 

The Israeli's are wantonly wreaking havoc across the West Bank and Gaza to try to force the Palestinians out. All the Israeli's have wanted from the Palestinians from day 1 is the Palestinians land and for the Palestinians to then promptly fuck off. 

Just look at the most recent, brazen, theft of land in the West Bank. Netanyahu just got behind a podium 2 days ago and announced that Israel would be stealing 988 acres of Palestine. No reason in particular, just for the fuck of it. How can anyone just announce they are annexing almost 1000 acres of another country. 

Anywhere else on Earth what Israel just did would result in war with a neighboring country. Why should the Palestinians be held to a higher standard when they are literally watching their future country disappear around them, 1 illegal land seizure at a time.  




 I like the [Kennedy Assassination: 24 Hours After](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FLtiw_x-Ik8)

It does a great job depicting all of the strange things that happened in the immediate aftermath of the assassination. I think the Kennedy Assassination is the ultimate conspiracy, it laid the foundation for the shadow government and military industrial complex to completely control the United States. Kennedy was the last, real Commander-in-Chief, or at least he thought he was, right until the end.  




 The most effective way to destroy people is to deny and obliterate their own understanding of their history. 

 George Orwell 




 They just removed this story from /r/worldnews entirely, the highest spot it now occupies is #34, its not on the front page at all. What a goddamn shame. Shit like that really destroys my faith in Reddit.

No sub bothers me as much as /r/wordnews. Its always the same recipe, remove all submissions about Israel that are climbing to the front page of r/worldnews, and when a post starts climbing to the front and the comments haven't been rigged in favor of Israel, just remove it for being "covered by other articles". I love it, covered by other articles, has to be the most bullshit reason to remove articles. 

if a Palestinian fires a rocket during a ceasefire its all over the front page of r/worldnews, multiple links at a time, but when Israel ends a ceasefire by annexing nearly a thousand acres, its nowhere to be found on r/worldnews. 

If you want to know who rules over you, find out who you are not allowed to criticize.  




 The land was taken first, that is not a question. The land was taken, then the rockets began coming, let's keep out timeline straight here. Its not like the Palestinians just began firing rockets 1 day for the fuck of it. They were dispossessed, put under occupation and were forced to live as 2nd class citizens with permanent refugee status in their own country. Then came the rockets.  




 That video is hasbara at its finest. The only way they could have done it better is by having it posted it by someone who doesn't have an account full of pro-Israel talking points. Had they posted it from an account that stayed away from the entire Israel-Palestine conflict it would have made it appear as though, this Redditor was objectively impressed by the Iron Dome's technological capabilities. 

I can't believe these hasbara agents are doing so well on r/worldnews and r/news that they've begun bleeding into other major subreddits.  




 This is Israeli hasbara, propaganda at its finest. [Here is a link about the program Israel has, where they pay college students to astroturf social media forums with pro-Israel propaganda and talking points.](http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2013/08/14/israel-pay-students-propaganda_n_3755782.html)

All u/KVillage1 does on Reddit is defend Israel and their atrocities. Just casually peruse through his post history, almost every single comment is in defense of Israel. There is no nuance in his iterations, just Israeli propaganda. If Israel is in the right here, then why do they feel the need to pay Israeli college students to disseminate this sort of propaganda. [Here is another link on this incredibly dishonest and manipulative practice that Israel engages in by having paid propaganda agents on social media hubs like Facebook and Reddit.](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2013/08/14/israel-students-social-media/2651715/)

The Palestinians don't have paid PR agents to astroturf their talking points on Facebook all day, they are more worried about getting food, water and medicine into Gaza, past Israel's inhumane blockade. Instead all the Palestinians have is people like me, who can see past the media blitz and all of the Israeli internet propaganda to make this look like an even sided battle. It is not an even battle, 1 side has sophisticated, US funded technology, whereas the other is being kept in an open air prison, otherwise known as the Israeli blockade. 

How can these Israel apologists expect the Palestinians to be subjected to being held in the deplorable, sub-human conditions, that Israel has subjected the Palestinians people to. Israel are the conquerors, they are mostly European Jews, colonizing a Middle Eastern nation. How can you possibly expect the native people to not try to fight against an occupying force ?  




 "The main points were: one, the amount of Israel's nuclear weapons, how many Israel had, that no one could predict or know, including the CIA. They were thinking about a number like 10 or 15. But I came out with a number between 150 to 200."

 - Mordechai Vanunu
 




 Please provide an example for these baseless assertions. Otherwise you are attacking my character simply for standing up for the rights of the Palestinian people, the victims in this quagmire. 
 




 "OP, you've admitted to jew baiting."

WTF !? 

When did I admit to, in your words "Jew bating" ? Why don't you hurl some more baseless ad hominem attacks at me without addressing the topic whatsoever.  




 I just wish this story was getting more traction. U wanna hear something spooky ? So I went to post this article to r/worldnews and it, unsurprisingly had already been submitted. Here's the scary part, when I clicked on the username of the OP, u/drone499, it turns out they had been recently shadowbanned. 

Further cementing my theory that the most taboo subject on Reddit is pro-Israel astroturfing/Hasbara/JIDF. I accused someone on r/worldnews of being a pro-Israel shill about a month ago, and I was promptly reported as a spammer and had to spend the next 2 hours exchanging messages with the admins to prove I'm not a spam-bot or spammer. 

If there is 1 thing that is off-limits on Reddit it is Hasbara/JIDF. It's scary to think about how much influence these pro-Israel shills have on this website. They seem to operate with complete impunity. 

Here's the link to the submission to r/worldnews about this subject, then click on the users profile, this was most likely the last thing he ever submitted to Reddit. 

http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2e3igz/the_double_identity_of_an_antisemitic_commenter/?already_submitted=true 




 I fucking love CommonDreams for doing this.  




 This song was pulled from the US release of Is This It due to the line, "New York City cops / They ain't too smart"not exactly a popular sentiment in the wake of 9/11.  




 That cop looks like a cross between Hank from Breaking Bad and Michael Chiklis's character from the Shield. 

Man, I watch way to many cop shows. I've always thought that all the cop shows on television are to condition us to love the police.  




 That cop looks like Hank from Breaking Bad.  




 Maybe if there wasn't an Israeli blockade stopping Gazans from being able to tend to their wounded this would've never happened.

Say what you want to about Hamas and their primitive rockets, Hamas are not the ones imposing a blockade on Israel and forcing them to live in an open air prison. Gazans can't even get medical supplies, water or food and they are the ones getting all the grief. 

Maybe these rocket attacks were retribution for Israel's blockade stopping someone in Gaza from saving the life of a loved one. 

If you want peace you have to end the blockade, take down the Great Apartheid Wall of Israel. No one has ever been able to strike a peace deal with an oppressed minority group by keeping them locked in an open air prison and rationing their calories.  




 As a former Sikh, current atheist, I can't begin to describe how reprehensible I find this story. Its very believable though, both times in my life that I've been called a sandnigger it was by 2 different white guys in pick-up trucks. 

I hope they hit this piece of shit with hate-crime charges, the race of his victim was clearly foremost on the assailants mind during the attack. 

Seriously, fuck this guy. The last time I was called a sandnigger was when I was crossing the street, walking home from high school and this dude, completely unprovoked yells at me as I'm reaching the other side of the road:

"Fucking sandnigger !" 

Then he just drove off, I couldn't even believe it had happened I was like in shock. This piece of shit was like a middle-aged guy just driving around his pick up truck calling young, brown men sandniggers. This all went down in a suburb of Philadelphia, so not exactly the deep South, and we still have this kind of simple-minded racism.  




 I think it should be Money Masters. I know its 3+ hours long, but its a damn shame that Bill Still doesn't even have a Wikipedia page. Maybe a surge in views of his seminal piece of work, The Money Masters, will lend him some more credence.  




 "Called the President a terrorist

Corporate sponsors like, how the fuck you gon' embarrass us?

Ain't my fault, I was just repeatin this

Professor emeritus from America

But my tone was like an Afghani kid without a home

Blew that bitch up with a drone

An Iraqi with no daddy, Palestinian throwing stones

The fuck you think they call him, I'mma leave that all alone

Cause this, the focus on this new shit is that hopeless

Place that I was born into systematic brokeness

Took that downpression and developed it to dopeness

It's that great American rap-rap ferocious" 




 Thanks, 2 day old account.  




 I didn't put in quotes, the author of the article put it in quotes. I thought it would be disingenuous for me to alter the title in any way. I never change the titles of my submissions. Maybe if you actually clicked on the link you would've noticed that little detail.  




 I bet your buddy Howard Stern loves the idea of this boycott /s. I'm sure you heard his temper tantrum last week about how apparently if you're anti-Israel then that somehow makes you anti-America.  




 Yea those comments are murder. I wish someone would take out the best clips of Joe and Abby talking Israel/Palestine and make it into a condensed version of the podcast video that isn't 3 hours. I'm trying to avoid having to edit the video myself and post it here, but it was a great conversation. It takes Joe a lot of balls to critically discuss Israel/Palestine like that, living in Los Angeles and working in Hollywood he's really playing with fire.  




 If I know Israel and their PR machine, they're going to turn this kidnapped soldier into Woody Harrelson's character from Wag the Dog. 

They're going to have carefully arranged PR stunts surrounding the soldier and his safety and well being. Maybe a viral picture of the kidnapped soldier looking rugged and handsome or something that will resonate with American military families.  




 I posted a comment yesterday on r/worldnews yesterday about the presence of JIDF and hasbara on Reddit and I was promptly reported for spam. I spent the next hour explaining how I'm not a spammer or bot to the admins to avoid being shadowbanned. In case you're wondering who reported me it was u/foamed. They don't want you talking about JIDF or Hasbara on Reddit. At least that's what I gathered. What a cunty way to silence dissenting voices.  




 FTA:

"Tappers numbers are accurate, but there remains some question about who bears responsibility for the deaths of every Palestinian child. As such, we rate this claim Mostly True." 




 Corbett Report is really an amazing source of information. I think that James Corbett is the perfect representative of the conspiracy community, with his professional citations and calm speaking voice James is an indispensable source of strange but true history. The fact that he is able to come off sounding so calm while saying terrifying but true things is the best part of his delivery. The mainstream media is more comfortable with ranting and raving Alex Jones as our figure head, alienating new people from joining or learning more about 9/11, JFK, etc. James Corbett, in more than 1 way is truly the antidote to Alex Jones.  




 White House then proceeds to green light the replenishing of all of Israel's artillery stockpiles to further enable the bombardment of the Palestinian people.  




 Thanks u/jennyMcbarfy, I messaged the mods of r/spam and told them about what had just taken place. Had you not made me privy to the fact that u/foamed had reported me for spam I'd be shadowbanned right now and I might still be, but in the meantime I'm here.  




 That was the most fucked up video I've seen in quite a while.  




 I think the CIA only released this now because they know that all of the precious few Americans that would've greatly cared about this a few months ago are so tuned out focusing on the madness taking place in Israel/Palestine and Ukraine/Crimea. Basically, who's got time to worry about the erosion of Congress as an institution in the face of the National Security/Military Industrial complex when we are imperiled with World War 3 or the massacre of the Palestinian people.  




 I'd love to see them explain this 1 away. Did they have to apprehend that boy and tie him to their windshield because Hamas is stockpiling rockets in his pockets ?  




 Really !?

Way to silence dissenting voices on Reddit. 

So if you support Palestine then you deserve to be banned.  




 Seriously you're going to report me for spam because I don't share your opinions on Israel, you're a real piece of work. Someone doesn't agree with you so you try to take away their ability to have their voice heard.  




 This post is such pro-war propaganda. OP should be ashamed of themselves for posting such a blatant example of what is clearly hasbara at work. This whole sub has completely changed. Hasbara agents have infiltrated this sub. I get my posts removed if they have a single of instance of opinion or analysis, but this just rockets up to the top of the page. Gee, I wonder why ? 

I have had both of my articles removed from r/worldnews today, supposedly because 1 was Opinion/Analysis, funny thing though is that it wasn't. My other submission was climbing near the top of r/worldnews and was critical of Israel, can't have that now can we mods ? They took it down and said it was covered by other articles. I asked them for an example of my article topic having been submitted and they haven't gotten back to me yet, go figure. This is blatant selective censorship of anything that isn't complete pro-Israeli war propaganda or hasbara as they refer to it.  




 [IDK what you're talking about, the Ayatollah came out the other day and said that the Arab nations in the Middle East should be arming the Palestinians.](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/07/29/iran-israel-gaza_n_5629631.html) 




 O A every day that's what I say.  




 Full text in case of paywall, although I didn't get 1:

Over the past two weeks, an increasing number of Facebook pages are reporting on people who express joy at the deaths of IDF soldiers or speak out harshly against the war effort, and calling for them to be dismissed from their jobs.

In some cases the efforts of these individuals have led to dismissals of people who came out against the IDF, or expressed happiness over harm to soldiers. For example, Hadassah College in Jerusalem withdrew a scholarship to an Arab woman student over a Facebook post. Hadassah College President Berthold Friedland wrote the student: We read your post with shock and disgust. Friedland also wrote that until clarifications are completed and the police deal with it, the college management has decided to prohibit you from entering the campus for any reason, academic or other.

Other educational institutions have issued warnings to their staff and students that they must avoid extremist and inappropriate statements on social media, and threatened disciplinary action or to go to the police.

Facebook pages of this type, such as Boycott Haters of Israel, Fifth Column in Israel have received between a few thousand to tens of thousands of Likes. In one case, the administrators of the Facebook page of the food chain Tiv Taam responded to a report on the Facebook page Concentration of Destroyers of Israel by saying that one of its employees, who had expressed happiness at the death of soldiers and Jews, had been fired.

Last week, the Lod municipality dismissed a psychological counsellor, Isra Gara of Jatt, after she expressed joy at the death of soldiers.

Shufer-Sol food chain reported on its own Facebook page that two employees had been summoned to a hearing before dismissal, due to reports the two had made what it deemed unacceptable comments, and warned that employees who did so would be fired.

The mobile phone company Cellcom also summoned an employee for clarifications following a number of reports about statements she had allegedly made.

Ben-Gurion University President Prof. Rivka Carmi wrote to students and staff that the university was following the discourse on the Web, and if need be would act according to the disciplinary code. Tel Aviv University also warned in a letter to faculty against hurtful and extremist statements by students or faculty. Thirty faculty members signed a letter of protest against the move. 




 The media's the most powerful entity on earth. They have the power to make the innocent guilty and to make the guilty innocent, and that's power. Because they control the minds of the masses. 

 Malcolm X 




 To learn who rules over you, simply find out who you are not allowed to criticize.


 Voltaire 




 Hanzi, you fucker ! 

I knew exactly who you are.

I heard you on O A a while ago, I don't listen to Howard anymore on account of him sucking a fat one for a long time. I do however have an interesting theory to run past you. It's my Sirius/XM conspiracy. I'm sure you heard about Anthony Cumia getting the axe ? 

Well my theory for the reason Antony got fired is because he is the single loudest, most influential, pro-gun personality on Sirius/XM. On the other end of the spectrum you have a hypocrite like Howard Stern who is anti-gun but has a permit to carry in NYC, which is incredibly hard to acquire. If you call him on it he'll tell you:

"But I'm a celebrity, I need one to ensure my safety, you know cause I'm so famous. Ho hoo." 

Basically he's saying he can carry a gun because his safety is so vital to the community whereas us plebeians don't deserve them because we are the poor unwashed masses, our lives don't have as much inherent value as old Howard from the Hamptons. 

BTW: I admire your attempt at getting through to Opie and Anthony, but they're hopeless and Jim Norton too. They are conservative guys and they can't hear anything that would upset their worldview and America's role in it as a beacon of freedom or soaring eagle or something else they can get a freedom boner to. It made for good radio though.  




 I get that a lot of people are going to see this submission and think to themselves:

"He's a shock jock, who cares what the hell he thinks ?"

Stern has the most heard voice in the Western hemisphere, his own radio show opening theme song boasts about reaching more than 10 million listeners a day. He's in people's cars, in their headphones, he has an intimate relationship with his fans, in short he wields a tremendous amount of influence. Imagine if Jimmy Fallon went on the Tonight Show and went on a rant like Stern did about Israel, it would without question sway public opinion in favor of Israel.  




 Truth never damages a cause that is just. 

 Mahatma Gandhi 




 Myth: USDollar is money. Fact: Gold   Silver are money. USDollar is legal tender/debt brought down to low parcels for spending purposes. 

 Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics 




 I'm aware you have to answer 2 questions to be able to view this article but its a good article and I think its worth the 30 seconds it'll take you to answer the couple of questions and get to see the article. It does a good job illustrating Israel's inherent advantage in the social media battle.  




 FTA:

"As The Jerusalem Post reports, the effort to make Israels case is being spearheaded by 400 college students posting comments, memes, video clips, images and explanatory graphics on Facebook and Twitter from dozens of computers in a Hasbara war room at the Interdisciplinary Center in Herzliya, north of Tel Aviv. Hasbara, a Hebrew euphemism for propaganda, literally means explanation, and the organizers of the campaign promise to equip like-minded volunteers who visit their website, Israel Under Fire, with everything you need in order to properly inform about and advocate for Israel, in 19 languages." 




 I was also banned for a week as well, perfect, I'll be unbanned as soon as Israel finishes inflicting collective punishment on the entirety of Gaza and its prisoners. How convenient.  




 Cue the Israel apologists saying :

"Who cares what a celebrity thinks."

Or:

"Really so we're getting our international political advice from pop stars now ? "

The story isn't that she may or may not support Palestine, the story is that whatever forces are at work in Hollywood do not want celebrities to speak their minds on a perceived injustice. It amounts to blatant censorship and for better or worst, most of the time worst, society gets its social cues from celebrities and in this instance people like Rihanna and Dwight Howard from the Houston Rockets are not being allowed to air their grievances.  




 [Netanyahu fires hawkish deputy defense minister](http://news.yahoo.com/netanyahu-fires-hawkish-deputy-defense-minister-185646618.html) 




 [Is an Israeli Official Spreading Propaganda on Tinder?](http://www.thenation.com/blog/180643/employee-israeli-pms-office-spreading-propaganda-tinder) 




 Fun Fact:

Dwight Howard plays for the Houston Rockets, the Rockets are owned by Leslie Alexander, a billionaire who happens to be ethnically Jewish. Just like the majority of NBA team owners and the majority of NBA Commissioners, past and present. Funny how that works, good on you though Dwight, you tried, he's just scared to bite the hand that feeds him, the professional sports industry in the United States in entirely run by Jewish people.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leslie_Alexander_(businessman)

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_NBA_team_owners

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commissioner_of_the_NBA 




 [Israeli troops kill Palestinian stone-thrower in West Bank](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/sns-rt-us-palestinians-israel-westbank-20140714,0,2738880.story) 




 Also there's:

u/ZachofFables 

 

u/rosinthebow  




 Said the guy whose entire account is seemingly dedicated to defending Israel. Have fun, you should be busy the next few days trying to suppress the civilian massacre in Gaza.  




 The illegality of cannabis is outrageous, an impediment to full utilization of a drug which helps produce the serenity and insight, sensitivity and fellowship so desperately needed in this increasingly mad and dangerous world. 

 Carl Sagan 




 How much longer is the world willing to endure this spectacle of wanton cruelty? 

 Bertrand Russell 




 r/politics always has some bullshit reason to take articles from Alternet, Rawstory and a handful of other great news sites down. They say Alternet  rehosts all of their content and an automatic spam filter takes it down immediately so you're on the defensive to the mods as to why your post deserves to stay up. Basically they wouldn't even allow this article to gain any upvotes or traction from the r/politics community before removing it.  




 This was literally the worst podcast I've ever heard. This guy is just an academic who sits back and talks shit about Muslims the whole time. Whoever heard of a Jewish guy complaining about Palestinians, so brave. This guy is a piece of shit shit, sitting there defending Netanyahu and his apartheid state in Israel. 

Hey Guy Saad, since you can't seem to figure out why the Palestinians are so incensed by the here's a little fucking cheat sheet for you. Maybe the reason the Palestinians have a grudge with you guys is because you took their land, forced them to live in hellish, permanently temporary refugee dwellings, leaving them perpetually stateless. 700,000 Palestinians were forced out in 1948 alone. 

Then he blames Muslims for all of the instability in the Middle East which is especially egregious because ever since Israel, the country Mr. Saad is unabashedly above criticism, was created in 1948, they have been the most disruptive force in the Middle East. 

Worst. Podcast. Ever.

If Joe Rogan's show ever comes back on SciFi they should seriously consider changing the name to:

"Joe Rogan Questions Everything, except Zionists", because that would be more accurate.  




 Train by day, Joe Rogan Podcast by night. All day !  




 Train by day, Joe Rogan Podcast by night. All day !  




 Thanks for the laughs bbbbbbbbbbboys.  




 "I think once you're in the public eye, whether you're a boss, a teacher or whatever you do, that you're automatically in the position of role model. You have people looking up to you, so whether you choose to accept it or not is a different question."

 - Talib Kweli 




 "I think once you're in the public eye, whether you're a boss, a teacher or whatever you do, that you're automatically in the position of role model. You have people looking up to you, so whether you choose to accept it or not is a different question."

 - Talib Kweli

 




 "01.Jul.2014 | SCGSCG "

That article is from yesterday. So yes, I'm almost 24 hours behind you. Sorry /s.  




 "Comments for this thread are now closed." 

Top Comment: 

"So what, 30+ people were shot and several killed over the weekend in Chicago. We care about Israel why?"

I wonder how long they tried to downvote that comment off the top of the thread before they decided to shut it down and move onto another platform to present their propaganda. 




 No I just stumbled across it organically when I googled, "Reddit vote", looking for articles about the rule change, I actually didn't click on that link but it's nice to see we are thinking alike. BTW, I was the mod who proposed stickying your submission. This entire situation is completely fucked. I spent 18 months religiously Redditing, just to have the rug pulled out from under me. How am I, a user of a sub that is regularly vote brigaded, expected to not suspect the worst after such a sudden loss of transparency ?  




 I could recommend stickying a banner across the top of r/conspiracy about this recent upvote/downvote visibility change just to get r/redditlution, kudos on the name by the way, a little bit of traction and new subscribers. I'll run it past the other mods on r/conspiracy and see what they think about it.  




 Wow, this post sure has a lot of comments, I'd love to see how many upvote/downvotes it has overall, now if only there was a way to do that ...  




 Congratulations admins, you've irreparably damaged Reddit. I spend the majority of my time on small subs, and those subs are now completely open to being vote brigaded. I don't understand why in a million years the admins would take it upon themselves to make a change no one asked for that in fact makes vote brigading impossible to detect. Of course I do actually know why the admins did it, and it probably has something to do with this article from the Guardian that was published yesterday about Reddit making digital marketing campaigns easier for corporations, here's the link to it:

http://www.theguardian.com/media-network/media-network-blog/2014/jun/18/integrate-reddit-digital-marketing

It's so blatantly obvious that this is a move to make Reddit more mainstream and corporate-friendly. This simple fact is this will kill the smaller subs, like r/guns, r/progressive, r/worldpolitics, r/conspiracy, r/documentaries and countless other subs. This is completely fucked, I can't even look at vote counts for my old posts from well before the implementation of this ridiculous rule. Reddit just opted for less transparency, to whose benefit ? Cause it's certainly for the users benefit, cui bono, Reddit, it's Latin for who benefits and that is the question we should be asking ourselves, who benefits from this ridiculous new rule. It's the government and corporations that benefit from this, Reddit is nothing more than a hollowed out shell of its old self, a PR agency that touts itself as the Front Page of the Internet, a bastion of democracy when in fact it just does PR for governments and corporations, a task they just got a lot better at. It's open season on every small, controversial sub, in terms of vote brigading, courtesy of the administrators.  




 I heard about that kid, when you hear stories like this you can't help but notice the hypocrisy of America commenting on the criminal justice system in Russia or the Middle East. Considering they are literally doling out life sentences for cannabis baked goods here in the land of the free. I would take some whips on the back over a life sentence any day. 




 Just as a point of reference, a few months ago a friend of mine got caught smoking weed while driving home. He got hit with a 3rd tier DUI because apparently marijuana is the most intoxicating substance on Earth and immediately warrants the highest tier DUI. He got sentenced to 90 days in jail and an 18 month license suspension. He's getting out in a little over 2 months, gotta love those mandatory minimum sentences. I'm outraged and completely unsurprised by the fact that there is no mandatory minimum for child molestation of all things. Additionally, I'd be shocked if this child rapist serves the entirety of his 120 day sentence.  




 This 14 minute old post has 11 upvotes   9 downvotes. Vote-brigade much ? 
 




 The human brain is a complex organ with the wonderful power of enabling man to find reasons for continuing to believe whatever it is that he wants to believe. 

 Voltaire 




 Fun fact:

The same company that owns Reddit also owns Vanity Fair. Reddit is owned by Advanced Publication, which is owned by Samuel Newhouse Jr.Advanced Publication also owns Conde Nast which owns Vanity Fair,the New Yorker and a couple dozen other noteworthy magazines and newspapers. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samuel_Irving_Newhouse,_Jr. 




 In a time of universal deceit - telling the truth is a revolutionary act.

 - George Orwell 




 Hey Kerry, 1948 called, they want their analysis back.  




 Reddit is owned by Advanced Publication and is not affiliated in any way with HuffingtonPost. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reddit#History

"On September 6, 2011, Reddit became operationally independent of Cond Nast, now operating as a separate subsidiary of its parent company, Advance Publications.[53]" 




 So what's strange about this is that Michael Ruppert has done Joe Rogan's podcast twice and the last time he appeared on there was in May of 2012 and he was as positive as I've ever heard him sound. The 1st time he did Rogan's podcast he was all doom and gloom, now granted this was almost 2 years ago that he was in good spirits and that is a long time, but that's the last I heard from him. I know he did that 6-part series for Vice called Apocalypse man, but I haven't seen that yet. Here's the link for the last Rogan podcast he did in May 2012:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-Pg8dMErHE 




 The shooting also took place mere hours after a very controversial decision by the Supreme Court to remove campaign finance limits in the horrendous McCutcheon v. FEC ruling; subsequently knocking it off the front page.  




 I had to articles removed as well, the justification was that it had already been covered by other articles, when I pointed that the story was no where to be seen on the front page of r/worldnews, m/SaraLee pointed out that they allowed to articles about to remain on r/worldnews. Both had been heavily downvote brigaded and as a result had just 6   3 upvotes a few hours after being posted. It's a damn shame, this is a pretty damning story for the US government. 

http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2233qt/us_secretly_built_cuban_twitter_to_stir_unrest/

http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2237qb/us_secretly_created_cuban_twitter_to_undermine/ 




 Ok, help me out, what exactly is going on here ? 

NSA bot ? Is that a thing now ? 

I've posted a lot of things about the NSA but have never had a post flagged like this, what gives ?  




 This is so enraging, the Palestinian people have done nothing to deserve this. 

They had to give up their country because of Germany's actions during WW2, I don't understand how it makes any fucking sense whatsoever. 

The Jewish settlers have no interest in living alongside a Palestinian state and are chipping away at the notion of 1 through these illegal land grabs. 

The cognitive dissonance in Israel apologists is so strong its amazing.  




 The Corbett Report. 

James Corbett is the antidote to Alex Jones.  




 Old stories ? 

It happened on Saturday. 

"Israeli troops killed three Palestinians in an early morning raid that was followed by a clash with angry protesters in a West Bank town on Saturday, the military and Palestinian security officials said, in the deadliest incident in months."  




 The Post was recently purchased by Jeff Bezos, the founder of Amazon. I'm not saying he is any more trustworthy than Rupert Murdoch, but it did get a fair amount of press coverage late last year I believe.  




 That was some straight up serial killer shit. 

No other way about it, it was murder, as plain as day. The guy was getting on the ground and everything and the 1 cop just unloaded on him for seemingly no reason.

Then his legs just barely twitched and they plugged him with 3 more rounds for it, simply disturbing.  




 Thank you.  




 I would be willing to do it. 

Also had I known that I would 1 day be throwing my name in as a contender for moderatorship of this, the sub that I created my Reddit account for, r/conspiracy, I would've spent more time coming up with a clever/incendiary username, but here we are. 

Here is a montage of my greatest hits on r/conspiracy : 

Why Reddit moderators are censoring Glenn Greenwalds latest bombshell
http://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/1z6kfy/why_reddit_moderators_are_censoring_glenn/

British rock star Roger Waters of Pink Floyd calls for a cultural boycott on the Zionist regime
http://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/1kqr8b/british_rock_star_roger_waters_of_pink_floyd/

There is no terrorist threat: The feds want you to think there is, compliant media goes along
http://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/1k0xu0/there_is_no_terrorist_threat_the_feds_want_you_to/)

Michael Hastings Cremated Against Familys Wishes, Deepening Mystery Of Journalists Death
http://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/1iti4d/michael_hastings_cremated_against_familys_wishes/

Autopsy finds Rolling Stone journalist's fatal car crash not due to drug use
http://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/1ksrr8/autopsy_finds_rolling_stone_journalists_fatal_car/

IMHO however my greatest contribution and what are more telling of what I consider to be real conspiracies are what Reddit considers to be my most controversial submissions:

JIDF, once respected, now a platform for harassment, bullying   libel
http://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/1mvq55/jidf_once_respected_now_a_platform_for_harassment/

Is the Movement to Boycott Israel Working?
http://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/1zjqlf/is_the_movement_to_boycott_israel_working/

Ukraine Protests Carefully Orchestrated: The Role of CANVAS, US-Financed Color Revolution Training Group
http://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/1ynggh/ukraine_protests_carefully_orchestrated_the_role/

Now, because this a democratic system I plan on using some good old fashioned fascism and fear-mongering to rile up the free thinkers to get them in a frenzy and sweep into the cabal of power   influence that is moderator status on r/conspiracy /s. 

This sub is under attack, the content on this sub has taken a nose dive over the last 6 months and that decline in quality conspiracy-related content has been in direct correlation with the spike in subscribers to r/conspiracy. How is it that around the same time the Snowden leaks began this sub saw a sharp increase in traffic of the shill variety ? Could it be coincidence ? I don't think so, and in IMHO most of you would agree with me. This sub has clearly been hijacked by r/conspiratard and their merry band of vote brigadiers. To defend this sub I would :

Greatly reduce the amount of memes that get submitted to this sub, the memes that make it to the top of the page here over the past 6 months have at times been either what I would consider to be circlejerk material or it's been things that have been entirely antithetical to what this sub is supposed to be about, like the link I've provided as an example. (http://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/1yzx2k/alan_moore/) 

I would also investigate/ban all suspected shills immediately after viewing their inane comment/submission. No one understands the frustration of witnessing your controversial yet somehow popular submission to r/conspiracy have it's comment section derailed by an endless cadre of suspected shills and their stupid jokes, like I do. 

If made moderator I would respond to any queries regarding the sub or my actions as moderator in a timely fashion, I've dealt with mods that are quick at removing your post and then slow at explaining why it was taken down, it can be frustrating. Over the course of an average day I am on Reddit on my work computer   personal laptop as well as being on the Reddit is Fun app on my smartphone   tablet while I'm out.

Thanks for reading all of this/considering giving me your vote.  




 48 minute post has 43 upvotes and 25 downvotes. That sure is an usually high amount of downvotes in a short period of time. This would be funny if it wasn't such a blatant example of organized vote brigading.  




 Unbefuckinglievable.  




 I can't believe it,  ... its actually some real, honest to god, good news.  




 Maybe that hacker from House of Cards sprung him from federal prison ?  




 I think you mean VENEZUELA and Chavez, but I suppose in your defense you have no idea what you're talking about so there's that.  




 Police officer to 70 year old man he just shot:

"STOP RESISTING !!!" 




 Fuck China,  they are by far the worlds biggest market for this pseudo medicine.   




  Bipolarbear0 is without a doubt the biggest piece of shit I have ever encountered on the Internet, and I've been online since '96. I can't prove it but I'm certain he's the reason I got banned from r/news.  I complained about him removing all of my posts from r/news to the mods of r/news and the next time I posted an article to r/news (it was about the amount of attacks by Israeli settlers on Palestinians had increased 4-fold in 2013) I was promptly banned for posting opinion/analysis pieces. This cannot go on,  my ban was supposed to be for 1 month, 5 weeks later I was told that only the mod that banned me can unban me and the mods of r/news will mot reveal which specific mod it was, but I mean come on.  I couldn't post an article critical of Israel to r/news without it being removed for some reason or another. 




