














 Thanks for the feedback. I can see from your high link submission karma that you know what you're talking about and you're not just an armchair dude farting on your keyboard. :) 
























 I'm not sure they are thinking clearly. I imagine they are working brutal hours due to overall shortage of staff. International workers and Red Cross have been attacked several times by locals and it's scaring off volunteers. Those that braved it are wearing themselves down.

I'm a nurse and I feel like more should volunteer to get down there and help contain this, but I have a family and take the easy way out. I still feel this has potential to get very very horrible.

I hope the doctor makes it through. :( 









 Where does Jesus advocate military spending versus helping the poor? I'm looking and...I might have a busted copy because this copy of the New Testament doesn't mention that at all. 









 Came to post this very thing. 









 That is also not true. Shareholders also have interest in longevity of positive return for investment. Criminal activity, even if it could result in higher share price, isn't the ideal scenario for the average investor either. 




 I'm going to go with this answer myself 









 Hawking speculated in 'The Grand Design' that conscious observation may be a fundamental part of the formation of the universe, since without it 'existence' ceases to exist. 




 I like to take it one step further. Since energy is infinite, time is irrelevant. Everything energy will be or can be/has been currently exists at once. We interpret the state we're in based on perception of our current existence, but that's our nature. That doesn't make time as we understand it a natural law.

If we were to perceive this infinite energy in its true form, we'd see the state of everything we know to exist as simply varying forms of the same energy. Everyone around you are simply different states of you. You are every single person who has ever been, currently lives and who will ever be. Along with every single other "living" thing. 














 The United States should install minarets, as many Muslim countries do for prayer. Each day, at sunrise, midday and at sundown this song should be blasted. 365 days a year. 



















 A piece my wife did of her cousin, wanted to share. Thanks :) 









 **My 5 Questions:**

1. Describe a typical day doing your job.
2. How much influence do you and your kind really have on global oil prices?
3. Do you feel speculation as a whole has a positive or a negative impact on global economies?
4. What made you decide to do this job?
5. Do you feel oil markets need more or less government regulation? Why?

Thanks for your time! 









 "Experimental evidence of massive-scale emotional contagion through social networks" by Adam D. I. Kramer, Jamie E. Guillory, and Jeffrey T. Hancock

Thanks for the advice. I am lodging a complaint now. Hopefully others find this as disgusting as I do. 




 Excellent point. Do you think there is a way to obtain the names of involved practitioners?  









 Because of the new movie, this franchise is dead to me. 




 I didn't ask what caused it. I asked how to lessen it. In my former life as a nurse, I saw hundreds of gallons of various fluids thrown away in sealed rubber bags. Bags that are not going to biodegrade in your grandchild's lifetime. This is daily.

My question is, over the course of years, decades, that kind of resource abuse is a zero-sum game. 

But a good friend of mine who is a devoted Tea Party member completely agrees with you and said almost your exact argument. I just feel like it fails to touch on the issue of preservation.

We recycle aluminum. We separate plastics at the bin. We take absolutely no steps to preserve water or reintroduce it into our ecosystem, which I feel is a misstep. 




 I was hoping for an intelligent response to this. Thanks for posting the opposite, though. 




 Shouldn't draining containers that possess water be required before disposing of them? It seems logical, but this question stirred quite the debate amongst my friends and I last night. 









 That is an entire season of Celebrity Rehab with just two men. 
























 Thanks everyone, I appreciate the feedback. He is nearing middle school age. The divorce was years ago, I can't even imagine her discussing me publicly knowing how many times we've been to court. I'm going to try the pro bono avenue, I've tried before and I get many rejections based on wages.

Any attempt to return to court from position of plaintiff fails on my part, they don't listen or take me seriously in any real regard. It's hard to get into details, but essentially the relationship between a counselor and the judge in my case wound up costing me. I disagreed with the counselor regarding her attempt to medicate my son (I work in healthcare and knew a licensed counselor was not legally allowed to recommend medications for my son), so I requested a new counselor and suddenly she testified that I didn't listen to medical advice and bam, lost medical rights over my son. This was followed by my ex immediately filing and stating that if I disregarded medical advice, then my son wouldn't be safe traveling to my place. Ta da. 

A frustrating aside, the divorce started when I caught her cheating with a man 20 years older, who was both of our boss in the civilian military contract we both were working at the time. She denied this in court, I presented evidence she lied. That's how she lost, as she was proven to be unreliable in court. But the moment this counselor and I disagreed, the entire game changed. Just incredibly frustrating how biased the family court system is in favor of the mothers, but in this case I am convinced there is a loophole or a crack I've been overlooking that could help me.

Thanks again everyone. 




 After my divorce in West Virginia, I moved to Baltimore MD. The courts had ruled 50/50 custody. My ex repeatedly dragged me to court for every single reason you can imagine, and each time I won until the final court case, case number 9, where she said my sons mental health was impaired because of the travel to see me. Out of money and representing myself, I lost that single case and she gained majority custody.

My ex has completely stopped letting me see or contact my son and I cannot get the courts to act. I am still paying a large sum in child support and live paycheck to paycheck with my current wife and our baby, even though she is married to someone retired from military and they own three houses. The fact that she has children with her new husband was considered a hardship by the judge in our case and I had an additional 10 percent added to my final monthly child support.

I just want to see my son. I have no money, at all, to hire another attorney. I've burned through every dime I had in court costs. I won 8 consecutive cases. I have tried appeals, they were overturned. The judge told me to get a lawyer. I make too much to qualify for legal aid but my wages are on paper. In reality, I have a family to support and I'm struggling.

Anyone with any suggestions, please let me know. I literally have no idea what I can do now. 














 Your English is great! No worries 




 Sreb's my wife. It's her sister that made these. 




 Could you ask her for specifics on how she did this? :)  




 They're all real eggs, apparently some type of tissue and tile? I have no idea what they're talking about :/ 




 I don't think I'd use the word easy to describe it lol. There appear to be no seams of any kind, it's one smooth shell with a layer of varnish sealing it and enhancements painted on them. 

I'm lucky if I can dye an egg in food coloring without causing skin discoloration and/or ruining clothing and furniture. 



















 "Hey, he don't thunk like me thoughts, he must be one of them weirds!"

Your post reads like a really bad bully in an old ABC after school movie. 




 The sequel: "Terminated by Noon"? 




 1) What timezone do you live in and what hours do you normally reddit? DC area, all day typically off and on. 

How many hours a week do you normally use reddit? 20+

2) Where have you moderated before? Game and music forums mostly, including the XBOX Addicts forum, dnbmp3, soulseek 'music', OKCupid and long ago dogsonacid

What do you like and dislike about moderating? I like interacting with people and helping solve problems. I do not care for having to sift through endless pictures of genitals.

If you could ask the admins to change one thing about moderating, what would it be? Bundled HTML notifications via email are always useful

3) What does AskReddit need to change? Less repeat questions is a big one

How would you improve AskReddit by being on the team? Actively search history, plus I am here enough that I recognize the repeats and questions that feel "common"

4) A post goes up and your gut says that it breaks the rules but youre not sure which rule it breaks. What do you do? Research. If that doesn't turn up a good solution, then I ask someone who may know (another mod)


5) Why is rule 5 important? Objectivity is important. This should be a place to share knowledge, not rant and rave. There's better places for that. No exceptions.

6) Why is rule 6 important? Should there be exceptions made? If so, what? There are more suitable subreddits for that. No exceptions.

7) Do you agree with the expansion of rule 8? I agree so long as it remains in genuine good faith adherence to the community spirit and not some personal act of spite against a particular user.

9) What do you consider to be a bannable offense? Blatant trolling, repeating a question despite the question being removed and harassing other users are significant issues.

10) Youre a new mod and you see another mod make a banning that you dont think is justified. What do you do? Stand behind the moderators decision and expect they stand behind decisions I make. If there's a REALLY strong case for "wrongful banning", I'd shoot them a PM voicing my concerns then let them make the final call.

 




 If you read Reddit without worrying what other Reddit users think of your opinions, you realize it's shit. 




 So you're saying conclusively that the standard of living of a nation is dependent on it having a stock market?  









 Never thought I'd have to break this down for someone, but since you missed something along the line...It's the sound of the word. I hate it. Hope that makes my selection acceptable to you. Do I have your permission to dislike it now? 




 Moist. That word has always troubled me. 














 I imagine virtually every single person who posts on reddit to look like some variation of a Garbage Pail Kid. 




 I vomited in my mouth. A lot. 




 They should have clarified that before wasting my time. 









 I'd suggest actually reading what he said instead of making random ominous statements. It's the literal definition of hypocrisy for the United States to object to Russias "intervention" in Crimea. The US government made their bed and they can scream like 2 year olds, claiming the sky is falling, but at the end of the day they have little choice but to sleep in it. 









 Funny, they won't say which care facility he is in. It's almost like they don't want a bunch of people showing up picketing at the location... 









 This is what I didn't understand, Chapter 11 doesn't apparently have any type of waiting period. Thanks! 




 Keep spending your time sitting around posting questions on Reddit. Nature will take care of the rest. 




 Insane ramblings from someone who thought they were special. 




 Technically yes, there can be some cauterization from the entry of rounds depending on distance. As an ER nurse, the majority of severe bleeding I saw in wounds from gunshots came from one of two major points. The exit wound or the internal bleeding which was normally related to the round exploding internally and causing significant damage to internal organs. 




 Taking into account the major shift towards "corporate personhood", it seems contradictory that they would have special privilege when it comes to going bankrupt. 




 If you do anything other than back off, you are wrong. 




 Depending on what country you were in, you may now even be married :) 














 Zero sympathy for someone unemployed for two years. 




 Unless the object of the game is to have sex with someone, I'm not seeing how it matters, honestly 




 Wish there was video of this. 
























 Seriously? 









 What is one role from any existing story you wish you could play before you die? 




 My ex-wife left me for her boss, who was 20 years older. That was...something. 

I once had to break up with a girl by telling her I was gay so that she wouldn't quit a play I was directing. It was a really weird time in my life. 









 I have the baseball one somewhere, if you are referencing the one with the red lights that moved? 




 I still use AOL Instant Messenger. Daily. 

*hangs head in shame* 









 Your history reads like a 7th grade girl on the playground screaming "I'm telling" over and over and over...

You knew that, right? 




 No, it is quite accurate. They are both beginning the process of discrediting the messenger instead of focusing on the message.  




 This proves beyond any doubt that our Congress has completely detached itself from the rest of the world. They literally cannot process how a man could see something wrong and try to fix it. They have to try every form of smear they can think of. And sadly, it took them this long to come up with "Blame the Commies!"

This is disgusting. 
























 "The governor accepted full responsibility but not an ounce of blame." Great quote, and a great way to explain exactly what Christie managed to do. 









 Disgraceful. 




 Rot in hell. 




 Exactly. And these aren't aides. One is a friend. A friend since high school. I don't believe for one second that his friend from high school hid that act from him. No way. 




 The person directly connected to it has known Christie since high school. I have a hard time believing Christie didn't know anything. The man is too much of an asshole to let things go by in his office without his sayso.  




 What do you mean? Personally, I think he is sinking. Not sure what you mean by motive? 

Also, did they ever conclude how these emails leaked? 




 Yes this is a political topic, but I'm curious what Reddit thinks about the issue.  














 This is so sad. 




 Unless you dont die. You linger. And require skilled care for years and years... 




 THIS is something I would love as a benefit. My insurance doesn't offer this and I think thats insanity 




 Whatever the case, they ultimately care about money. It seems like giving a discount card for members to get fruits and vegetables for 5 percent off would ultimately save them money down the road if they have a healthier membership? Until we address the fact that cheeseburgers at McDonalds are cheaper than balanced meals I think people will be forced to make the unhealthier decisions...at least here in the US.  




 Covering discounts for fruits, vegetables, whole grain breads etc seems like it would ultimately save the insurance companies money. why don't they do this? 




