 Its a secret grandma,its a secret. 




 Dont you get that shit near me! 




 Unlike you,stuck in your own time,overrun by the new generations. 




 That sounds real bad man.Well trust me,you can do better than a girl that wont help you go over bad times.Youll find another one,if you didnt already :) 




 So its a God-Of-War-ish RPG?Also does it have any sort of decent multiplayer?
 




 Ever tried telling the bitch the shit that was happening in your life? 




 Awful breakup here,i still loved the girl and she just told me its over out of clear sky.Feels bad bro. 




 A car that cant go forward. 




 What,so you can take a picture of them and say its yours?No way. 




 No!Halt,put your first impressions aside,I am a miracle worker! 




 I think they tried to stick to 'how it would look if it was all perfect'
Though in real life,youd be pretty sure to get shot as soon as sighted even if you had a big red cross on your head. 




 Have fun 




 Cowboy/girl,Police officer.Things you can dress up as with normal clothes.Or spray some red paint on your clothes and face and call yourself a zombie. 




 The leader got arrested for public masturbation,thats where it ended i think 




 One random thing.When did you get that text that she wants you to call her?It might start turning strange to her that shes not getting the call.Also,does her boyfriend have a deeper voice?I know i usually get confused with my father due to having the same voice as him over the phone.Im running dry on ideas here. 




 You are 100% sure that her mother wouldnt let her go?The very worst thing that can happen is her mother coming over to check up on you two, realising you've been lying to her,which would most likely end up quite badly. 




 Blade,BLACK panther... 




 Only Siths deal in absolutes. 




 I would not recommend it,but if you end up doing it,i want the pics 




 Ever noticed they never shoot the medics in Saving Private Ryan?Thats due to it being 'illegal',army medics are also not allowed to carry weapons,due to that. 




 Well ill start....how did it feel? 




 You know anyone older to take the role of your dad?Or tell the woman you are having voice problems and you cant talk right now. 




 A bear.So I could wrestle with him every time i come back from work! 




 Well i remember my parents always helping me out on things like this.Well at least my dad.How 'cool' is your dad on these things?He might be able to help you out. 




 Youtube.Watching two turtles doing it is always funnier while under the effects of alcohol. 




 Spit it. 




 "Hell to the no" 




 Fear.Children always terrified me due to unknown reasons. 




 Original ones.But if memory serves me well,i once tried it with hot and spicy.The way the tastes crash makes your tongue have an orgasm.Have fun! 




 "Fail" 




 Payphone by Maroon 5.I just cant say how much it reminded me of myself after a sudden break up maybe 3-4 months ago.It just came out of clear sky.Well atleast for my side. 




 Seeing someone i know in a place i dont. 




 A very fun night out in my experience.Worst i remember was 600 euros,but there was more of us to pay the price 




 Well the ideas are either r/cosplay or r/Halloween,but im not sure for specifics 




