 Just came to see if anybody dared to say rape and if it was upvoted 

Edit: checked the top 5, it wasn't there, I was surprised  




 299 is a lot of money for what they offer, isn't it?

You can almost get a decent phone for that money  




 I don't seem to understand what that means. Is it

A) there will be a way to simply change to a different room provided by Sony or

B) I still have to unlock the bootloader to get this (and accept the drawbacks)

 









 If he is saying that he is proud of himself that he is making this step despite all the shit that people will give him, then ok, I agree.

If he is proud of being gay, I repeat, what is there to be proud of? 




 What is there to be proud of. I'm happy for them that they know what they want but there is nothing to be proud of. 

It's like saying I'm proud of liking the colour blue  









 I was at a lake he was swimming to a little island and back. On the way back he was struggling but at first I thought he was messing with hims SO. Then she started panicking. I jumped in a saved him. He almost caused us both to drown. 
After I got up asked if he was ok and walked away.  




 Let's say 10 years from now.  




 How is that? 




 It got cheap. for me that is perfect. I do not need anything apart from a seat on my flight. I just want to get there fast and cheap. 




 I agree with you. I think the problem is that:

- It easy for people to make music now. Access to instruments and digital instruments is cheap and everybody has a PC
- Publishing on the internet is easy 
- people are stupid

Conclusion is that there is a lot of shit music that is published and stupid people consume it which is why it is on the radio all day.

BUT, people with skill have been making better music every year. 




 America.

And the rest of the western world for that matter. America is just ahead. Rich are getting richer, poor are getting poorer and soon it won't be white masters and black slaves, but rich masters and poor slaves. 




 What does that even mean? 




 Since when is awesomeness not included in that equation? 




 Saved a boy's life and walked away without saying anything. I will always be that mysterious hero.  




 Not my original thought but: 

We should all be against it for one reason: The argument "somebody who's got nothing to hide has got nothing to fear" is BS because accepting that puts you in the position to have to explain yourself. The government should not be able to look at all your shit and ask: why, what, when? What if you haven't done anything but struggle to explain something that looks dodgy? 

The government should be the one having to explain why there is a good reason to investigate you. 

this is not about protecting us from terrorists, this is about protecting the normal people from the government.  









 Also, he does not explicitly say it but I feel he wants more money they more the song gets played but still wants the price for Spotify to be higher. 

The way I see it I either:

- Pay once and own it forever (higher amount)
- Pay regularly and get access (lower amount)

I simply will not pay for Spotify if it costs me $50 per month. 

I really dislike his article. Poor him for only earning 10 instead of 40 million.  




 How did you go about learning? I am interested 

Edit: just played and I am super frustrated. I find it too hard to casually play it  




 Good morning.

I am looking for a weather widget that shows pictures of my location. Like yahoo weather just as a widget.

Edit: nevermind. Apparently yahoo weather has widgets. I'm an idiot  




 Just remind me, what is the traditional way?  




 Works fine again. I am not sure how you are able to do it so quickly and hw you are even able to identify the problem but all I can say is thank you! Awesome work. 

I like your app! 




 Hey, first of all: thank you.

I updated and it worked fine. Great app. Now I updated again thought and I've got the same problem as before. 

BTW, what are the scores based on? 




 Maybe I am misunderstanding but there are loads.

Best one is

Linkme mangarock 




 Keeps crashing on my z3c. But I am more than interested. Do you know what the problem might be? 




 I don't actually know what the keyboard is but the new Sony z3 has an amazing keyboard. It is almost like SwiftKey, just better. Predictions seem better and the layout is nicer. Only thing I miss is the dedicated numbers row  




 Why is she not sweating?  




 Well, I do not. I'm pretty sure OP will be alright.  




 Does nobody care about the fact that somebody killed themselves?

Poor her must have had a shit life.  




 OP I think your edit is great. The best out of all of them. Great picture as well. 




 I used to think that religion is the biggest problem we have on earth. I used to think that Muslims hate Christians and vice versa.

However I have come to the conclusion that the problem is not religion at all. It is that a large percentage of people are greedy, aggressive and stupid. The majority of these people that make up the followers of Islam and Christianity are no Muslims or Christians, they are idiots. They do not follow the teachings of their religion in the slightest. The cherry pick the rules that they follow and do not give a shit about many of the rules that actually are not at all optional (stealing, murdering, drinking alcohol, having sex, eating certain things, the list is long). 

These people judge other bases on a set of rules that they in no way want to follow themselves and just turn a blind eye to their fellow "believers" and everybody just hops that nobody ever mentions that they are all a bunch of sinners. 

And it the same with non religious people. People say you should do this and that and should not do this and that, but when it comes to it people's beliefs go out the window pretty quickly. And all just because people are greedy. 

I hate humans more than I am able to say and I am sure what I have written does not even begin to explain what I feel. 

I will do my best to live what I preach.  




 Do you sometimes feel like you have got something intelligent to share and you wish people would just listen for you for 10 seconds and then maybe spend another 5 minutes to discuss what you have just said? 

I do.  




 And IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII

will always love youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu uuuuuuuuuooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooouuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooouuuuuuuuuuuuuu 




 Yeah, I don't like OP's argument. But this is a good enough counter argument  




 Let me know when you get an update. I am also interested.  




 I feel stupid for asking. What do you mean by that?  




 Understood. Will go with wordpress 




 Hey, I have decided to go with wordpress. But I'll still have a look at this.  




 Our host provide wordpress integration. We'll go for that. I will def lok through your guide. I am a beginner so if you want I'll give you feedback for your guide.  




 It's for my dad's business. Just as a place customers can come for information and contact. Nothing fancy. I'm gonna use wordpress now.  




 Hi,
I appreciate your offer. However we would like to try ourselves. The feedback I got here was really good. Thank you. 




 That is what I will do. Currently playing around with it. Thank you also for your feedback.  




 I am going for wordpress. Thank you for your feedback.  




 That is what I went for. Thank you! 




 Hey,

I had a webhoest before and we are kind of stuck with them for a year. However they offer wordpress integration so we'll use that now. Thank you. All of you helped me a lot.  




 Hey, I decided to go with wordpress. I am now in the process of building it. Thank you. I appreciate you took the time to answer.  




 Thank you for your feedback. Decided to go with wordpress.  




 So, just to give you some feedback. I have now changed to wordpress. it's easiest for me and my dad. As soon as I am done I'll send you the result if you are interested.

Thank you very much for your help.  




 It's called 3 ways:
It starts with a scene where a young guy sits in front of a gangster in his office. The guys says, you got three possibilities: Run, lie or do what I am asking you to do. if you don't do what I am asking you to do, I will kill your girlfriend. We will never find out what he did. Not flashbacks (flashbacks are for the prequel)
Then the movie shows all three possibilities at the same time and at the end you will find out which of the three turned out to be the one he should have chosen and which one he chose. 

the movie will constantly switch between the three.

Awesome, right? Anybody wants to buy the script? 




 I thought you meant how do I feel about using make up myself. Not sure if that is what you mean, but I will answer it anyway:

I don't mind if men wear it. From my point of view there is nothing gay about it, if men do it well. However, I can't even stand cream on my hands, so I will never do it, no matter if it is acceptable or not.  




 You don't know what you don't know. Listen to people with experience. They know what they don't know.

It took me a while to understand this.  




 It is the other way round, surely.  




 I dont like the way you write, but I agree with you.  




 Losing weight. Of course there are 100 different opinions how to achieve it, but so many people get it 100% wrong and expect so much in so little time and then give up because they are disappointed. 

I get so frustrated with these people, not because they don't achieve anything, but because they don't want to listen. 




 Most difficult and I am not there but somebody in my family is. Accepting that you will die, old or young. From what I can tell it makes you free.  




 I can't believe somebody else wrote this. I also commented not checking before. I have never cried so hard from a movie 




 God, I almost forgot about this one. It is a brilliant movie. Thank for refreshing my memory. Do you know any similar movies? 




 If he knew there is no afterlife.  




 Click with Adam Sandler. Yes, I know... 

But I wept like a little bitch at the end.  




 Why? 




 Why? 




 Why? 




 why? 




 Fuck off and die 

 is the Japanese way to end a request in a polite way.  




 Haha, did that must be BS.  




 Black people and chicken. Why do they not eat anything else? I mean I like chicken, but I also like salad, pork and cheese.  




 I guess it's because this is the way to be accepted in that kind of environment. 




 I love Eminem. 

But I really think that any movie, song, story that ends with waking up is just shit.  




 Please let me know your interpretation. 




 I asked a guy this exact question. He was standing in the street preaching. He opened his bible and showed me the first page and point at the first and second line of the first page. Obviously I asked him: Sorry, what do you mean? 

His answer: You have to ready between the lines. 




 "World peace and no more misery on earth if we all clap our hands on 
04/05/2015. Don't talk about it."

Then We will have America clap on 5th April and the rest of the world thought it was going to be 4th May and everybody will wonder if it would have worked if we just had the same way to write our fucking dates. 




 untrain_subject9884 




 not useless 




 not useless 




 Not useless 




 Not useless 




 Eat as much as I want and never get fat.  




 Because?

Edit: Also Aquaman is not a superpower. 




 Love! I find this really funny. 




 There are two kinds of people in this thread:

Those that opened this thread with the intention to write something funny/interesting and then gave up because they could not think of anything

Those that opened this thread with the intention to write something funny/interesting and did it.

I almost deleted this because it's boring as fuck but what I wrote above kept me from it. Don't want to be a quitter. 




 Hey, I talked to my dad yesterday. It looks like we will go with either squarespace or wordpress (probably wordpress). I really appreciate your help and explanations on this. This has been great. My dad is insisting that I find out more about how people will be able to find us on google. 

He wants us to be able to add some key words somewhere. In his opinion that is what search engines look for. However I keep telling him that a search engine (as soon as they get hold of your website) "read your website" and will show it in their results if the content of your website matches the search entry. May I ask what you say to this? 




 Same here. Love that one. 




 They are. I just called them. I am just not 100% sure. My dad trusts me with the whole thing. They only thing he keeps mentioning is: "How can we make sure people will find us on google?" 
Also, one last question. Will I have to pay extra for wordpress? Not a massive problem, just asking. 

Again guys, thank you so much. I honestly appreciate you taking your time.  




 I feel like I am going to go with this of wordpress right now.  




 Thank you I had a look at it and like it. Can I just ask: How do I transport whatever I do on squarespace to my domain? 

How about finding it on google afterwards? 




 Directly on wordpress, but that was just to get used to it. I actually just called the people from strato.de They said with what my dad bought, there is no wordpress available. They have their own wordpress type thing and I would need to change my package, which is possible without a problem. 

However they said the SEO option we now have included would then not be available. I have no idea if that is BS. 

I really would like to change to wordpress and not use their own tools because it stinks. Will it be difficult for people to find my website on google?

Sorry for these questions. It must be annoying as fuck... 




 Thank you very much for your reply. 
Actually I have tried to do it via wordpress (and I have already set up something that is good enough from my point if view). However I do not know how to transport it to where I have rented the space. I (my dad) rented the space on strato.de because his friend recommended it. Also, will it show that it is a wordpress website at the bottom? 




 Ok. Cool. I have already rented the space. I will give this a go. So basically they write the html code based on my selections? Is my understanding correct? 




 I did not downvote you. I appreciate your offer. But I would like to try myself first. How long would you need? 









 I don't like that. Thank you for replying.  




 No he really did not. 




 Why? 




 I am simply curious. You see it pretty much every day. Bus driver closes his/her doors, drivers for half an inch, sombody knocks on the door and wants to get on, bus driver refuses (and then of course sometimes that person loses it, but anyway). 

I do not actually have a problem with that because buses come every 2 minutes anyway where I live and I think the bus drivers get way too much shit for this. Clearly they are forced to do this. I was just wondering what the rules are the bus dirvers have to follow. Are they only allowed to open doors in the marked areas at bus stops? If so, why? What happens when they do open the door where there are not supposed to?

 




 Did not think about that, but it makes sense to me.  




 That is the thing it is not heavy at all and it is really good to hold in one hand. It is much easier to hold than a flat tablet. 

And honestly I do not think there is an problem with putting it between to books. It is still slimmer than a book and surely you can put a book between two books.  




 I own a Yoga 8 inch table and the hardware sucks and the UI also does. But I will never go for anything else because it is sooooo convenient. Stand work flawless, it is really comfortable to hold and the battery lasts very long. I can only recommend this tablet 




 No SD card slot is a deal breaker for any device. What the fuck?   




 First of all, I wasn't serious. But now that I think about it. For me the best game of all time is the game that I enjoyed most, so Call of Duty Black Ops is my all time favourite. There might be other games that I would have enjoyed more than this one, but out of the ones I have played this is the best.  




 Good fun playing 4 player zombies with my friends. Just good memories  




 Easy: Call of Duty Black Ops 




 Don't just have strong opinions about stuff. You MUST lead by example.  




 go on 




 Well, in [this](http://www.zeitgeistmovie.com/) movie that is discussed in depth, but it's god, not Jesus.  




 Bread that has bacon baked into it with Nutella. 

Best I ever had.  




 Answer: Immortality

However, and I have thought about this way too much, I would be so scared that my superpower would, for some magical reason, disappear, that I would never make use of it. 

Anybody else have this problem? 









 It's difficult.  




 Haha, this is great. Made me smile. Thank you! 




 I really want to try 




 Same to you! 




 Garfield. The Halloween episode scare the shit out of me.  




 It's a technicality. For example: I am now going to put/not put your wallet on the table. 

* In case I do it and we leave it there, it will be there forever.

* In case I do not put it there and neither does anybody else, it will never be there. 

At any point in the future both things forever and never have the same duration. 

Does that make sense? 




 Is this really a thing? Can I "dress up" as a homeless guy and get away with spitting into peoples mouths?

Edit: I feel like it should be dress down, not dress up... 




 No reception on your phone when going through a tunnel. 

I hate people complaining about it. However, I hate not having reception in a tunnel even more. 




 This did not happen. I don't believe you.  




 I take the bus to work every day and every single day there is another person on the bus who is weird, strange or rude in some way. However I cannot remember anybody nice on the bus at all, ever. 

So the answer is no. Not really. Unless I know people, I do not like anything they do.  




 Pasta, sweetcorn, onion, pesto.

Cook pasta
fry onion (later add sweetcorn) in a wok
add pasta after it's cooked
add pesto
add some salt and pepper if you like

VOIL! 




 Honestly, I have been looking for ages and by far the best looking shirts (IMO) are DKNY shirts. The good thing is moss.co.uk very often has them one sale. Sometimes I only pay 20 per shirt. They are simply amazing.  




