 Avatar was badass 




 They both die in their respective movies, be kind of tricky to pull that off. 




 John travolta(vincent vega) and Micheal Madsen(vic vega) are brothers. Just watched quentin tarantino confirm this, ive watched these movies many times never noticed this.   




 Thats pretty powerful 




 I quote this alot, i really love it. Kind of even fits into Sam harris and the like views' on morality. But not even looking at it in that light, a quote that really sums up lifes lessons and a healthly way to view them.By the great Alexander Dumas from the epic "The count of monte cristo".






"There is neither happiness nor misery in the world, only the comparison of one state to another, nothing more. He who has felt the deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness."  




 You summon the Devil and realize he is the better(moral) of the two. God is more true to the old testament version, willingly letting sin thrive. The bible was falsafied to gain worship, the source of power for any higher being. The Devil names you as the prophetic messengar to change the worlds view, and lead those to worship, give power to, Satan...... 




 The lion king 




 Apocalypse Now




The Godfather 1+2




Avatar





Fight Club 




 Intelligence is not only defined by the ability to create. 




 Just watched this fight, Wow. Easily one of the best ive seen. 




 Ali gets out classed in that one imo, i think their 3rd fight was the best ever though 




 This is not true, for all states. In louisiana the state is notified regardless of an sr22 if your policy is revoked. There are also constantly rising financial  penalties for this as well.  




 I have actually seen this fight, no bout about it epic fight.  




 When I look around at the world, look like god is taken a 10 count right now 




 Yes, but in some cases when wages increase it's to combat the fact that prices of goods( walmart) have already increased. So in some way it's too even out raised prices. 
 




 They train there body, to the point they actually stretch their stomach. I'm sure some purge, but I would believe most exercise on a daily basis. They also do not eat like this all the time, they go through periods where they train, and go back to eating more normal proportions when they are not. 



I will also add, I assume this process is not the healthiest of things to put your body through and most will have consequences from this at some point in life.  




 This is a high risk policy. It cost an insane amount compared to regular insurance. It is mandate in louisiana for years after a DUI or DWI. It is essentially the same as a standard policy but it cost more because of your history and the risk it takes to insure you.




I'm sure there are other reasons, I can only speak to my experience in Louisiana and in my case it was a requirement after a DUI. I also had to ride out the years it was required to have without further incident or the requirement time would be longer. I pay about 70$  month now, but during my sr22 period it was over 200$ per month.  




 The best I ever saw was the thrilla in Manila. Like to watch other great fights but don't know where to start, help?  




 Religion shapes a warped view of reality. Most religions are not compatable with what we know about the world today. Not having a religion does not make a person cease to ask the questions that are important to us all, we just look for these answers without using fairy tales. 




It seems ludicrous to me to believe a book from 2000 years ago, obviously written by people who had no idea how the universe worked. Much more reasonable to look for answers from those who do.  




 I'm not really religious but you learn more from your failing then you do from succeeding. An old poker player can tell you every bad beat he had but have a harder time telling you all his winnings. Pain can be a powerful lesson. Suffering, as you described it, on a small scale can be a powerful teacher.



I'll leave you with a quote from the great Alexander Dumas, " There is no happiness or misery in the world, only the comparison of one state to another, nothing more. He who has felt the deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness."  




 Yes you get certain antibiotics for certain infections. When a cut on your foot gets infected you will get one set of antibiotics, and when you get a tooth infection you get another set. 




Also you can use antibiotics from your cut foot incident to help with your tooth infection. Antibiotics will help bring down your infection no matter what they were designed for. Why? That I really don't know but I have also heard many times it is not good for your body to take antibiotics for one infection when they were designed for another. 




 To add, another aspect of slavery rarely touched on was the price of goods. The south and it's products such as cotton could basically charge whatever they deemed. The north could not effectively combat these prices by boycott because the south wasn't paying their workers so a boycott would not effect them much. The north could only hold out for so long, they needed the products offered from the south.




So slavery was a human rights issue in one hand but also very much an economic of goods issue that had nothing to do with the terror of slaves or improving their livelihood  




 Mohamed is the most important one though. Jesus is basically the Christians Mohamed, with Christianity adapting Moses And Jesus as one of a few of their prophets. I assume this depiction has been an issue and probably still is but it's just not of the same importance as Mohamed who represents worshippers of today, as where Jesus and Moses in the Quran represented a certain people in a certain time.  




 Thanks for the links, although I do feel this thread has specific questions not touched on in several of the threads I read.  




 A prophet according to the Quran has been sent to each people throughout time, where Mohamed was sent as the last one for all mankind instead of for a specific people in a certain time in history.



A prophet is sent to portray gods law though actions and will power without nessicarily calling for his worship. A prophetic messenger is sent to reveal gods law by calling for his worship and people to follow him.  




 There are over 100,000 prophets in The Quran, maybe more. Jesus was amoung them, so yes important I never said unimportant but not the same importance as Mohamed. Mohamed was the only prophetic messenger from god, Allah. That's why Mohamed's' depiction is so deeply protected.  




 They are not concerned with these figures like Mohamed and they are not depicted as being as important either. 




 Muslims do not use or worship the bible. Their religious book is the Quran. The one true prophet in their religion is Mohamed. Jesus and Moses are not depicted the same and do not have the same importance in the Quran as they do in the bible. 









 Sequel is good 2  




 The way people retain information is almost individually exclusive. I have found highlighting quite effective. Really was just offering different avenues to travel to retain what you read, which was the topic at hand. 




 One of the sentences you pointed out does need some restructuring but most of what you brought up is just rephrasing the sentence to your liking. It's mostly your opinion on how you would write it as opposed to being grammatically correct. There are issues grammatically but not to the extent you are portraying. I do need to improve the effectiveness of punctuation. 



I disagree it doesn't have a good flow, which is mainly determined by opinion anyway. We can both read Hemingway and agree its good, well structured, grammatically sound but disagree on flow.



 




 Lighter would change the meaning of what I was trying to get across to you about the sentence in question and it's meaning. 


The "trip" sentence I see nothing wrong with in the story. Again I do like the concept of the story being written by an insane person who hasn't returned from the dark. I will experiment in my next draft to bring to life the insanity of this "author" and his plea for others to take this trip.  




 The revenant





Avatar 2 whenever this damn movie gets released 




 A long one 




 A misconception is actors can only do what they have done in the past. You can tell a great actor by diversity in his roles, so i do like Rockwell for this role as ive said but dont limit yourself thinking well this actor has never done this type of role so it means he cant.




I think Affleck seized the opportunity to work with one of the greatest directors in recent history. The first time i saw this movie it blew me away. But Fichers movies are so great b/c of their rewatch ability imo. I cant tell you how many times ive watched fight club, girl with dragon tattoo, etc




But affleck just doesnt hold up in multiple viewings after the script and its twist are revealed imo. With that said i think his directing will only improve a great deal from this point on. Makes me wish he was still doing Kings The Stand. 




 Thanks for the post, im glad you enjoyed it. Not sure how clear my intentions are, but i really like this concept and will probaly do a couple more drafts. 




 Robbins is probaly too old, rockwell is a thought. That guy from who played the villian in guardians of the galaxy, lee pace i think he would be a better choice than affleck. I still think leo would have nailed this, and rooney was made to play that part. 




 I appreciate your help. 



The second sentence is saying your dark(madness) side is linked to your light(sane) side no matter if you try to deny or confirm. A denial would be frail and weak and to confirm is bold and strong.




Good call on a few sentences there. Although i do like the idea "i have taken the trip some say i have never returned" so that madness plays a part in sentence formation and structure. Although this was not my intention it is a fruitful thought   




 Wouldn't underestimate him 




 I'm not a big fan of affleck especially in that movie, I do think his directing is damn good though. Great movie and pikes was good I have to say but I think Leo and Rooney would be a must see version. 




 Gone girl.  Leo dicaprio and Rooney Mara  




 Can you elaborate on cleaning up, I'd love some critical input  




 That's great to have someone to really delve into your story to where they offer insight into the little details. It did have a sort of "gameish" feel to it. I also found it quite cool I didn't realize the titles' relationship to the story till the end, and it hit me like a cold shower. 




I just offered a short story myself would like to know what you think.  




 This is hilarious. You are probably very close to the truth. 




 Where do you get trailers from? 



Edit, When it comes to movies, sites or critics almost never have the same taste as you, and when they do about a specific movie it's simply by chance. I don't rely on some site telling me what's good, what's bad, they are all inconsistent to my liking. I never use them, I watch a movie and make up my own mind before being infiltrated with ideas of others.  




 Write it down, dont type but write it down. The most important parts, however you want to summarize it. Use a sheet for every chapter and then you can go back and read what you wrote.




I dont know specifics but something about writing things down or even highlighting passages helps your brain to remember. 




 Great story, in some weird way it was like the movies Cast Away meets Ghost. I dont say that to undermine your extremely well written story just a thought that  popped in my head as i was getting to the end.




I was in a trance from start to finish, thanks for sharing. 




 Not me, some of my favorite movies do not have good scores to such a low degree in some cases i would never have attempted to watch. Once i found this out i lost any trust in those sites  




 That was very good. Your imagery is powerful and a steady flow to your story. I love the direction of a dark trip to an eerie forest, quite great imo. Thanks for your reply, only question did you truly return??




My only critque is the 2nd me, the 3rd me, i think keep that sense of dark mystery in naming the guides. 




 Red lights 




 That guide can lead you to not watch movies that have bad ratings you might have enjoyed imo 




 The music you know you can find its what happens off stage where the mystery is 




 We become the plague that unleashes the Plague.


I really enjoyed this, the flow you write with is impressive. It kind of grabs you and never lets go to the end. One of the better stories ive read so far. In a very distant way reminded of the stand by king. Thanks for sharing 




 I found it quite interesting. An atheist trying to find supernatural meaning ending in tragedy. Even with its unfavorable outcome and unreasonable evidence he never released that supernatural feeling. Like a non believer who knows you cannot prove something doesnt exist, but knows there is a possibility, he chose to indulge in the small chance of the supernatural that he cant bring himself to apply to the grand scheme of things, but instead applys it to his intimate side and emerse his love in the supernatural. Maybe not the authors intention but it provoked my reaction none the less. 




 I enjoyed this alot, well written. 




 To defend your madness is to defend your sanity. They are infinitely linked, eternally combined, a part of all of us no matter the frailty of the denial or the strength of the conformation. We are all trapped in our heads, there is no escape, there is nothing more. Our minds are a small galaxy and each of us add to the multiverse of the human existence. With your bloodline being your universe. We are all on the deepest levels at an extreme distance from each other but on a cosmic scale ever so close. We can if we really try and reach out, attempt to connect, like a highly advanced telescope spying on the surrounding cosmos, and dig into the endless wonders of the neighboring universe. And if you know how and what to look for the data can be immense and overwhelming. But never the less an illusion to a true connection.






We are all moving away from each other at a staggering pace, starting from the time we began. We hide parts of ourselves that can never be found, and with enough time not even by the hider themselves. Our secrets overlap secrets that overlap secrets that's overlapping a distant face of the Truth. The part of ourselves that are hidden are locked in a safe that's filled with other smaller safes. It is reopened from time to time and a smaller safe with a different combination is neatly tucked in next to all the rest. The individual combinations are lost over time and consequently only so many safes can ever be opened.






Even when you think you have successfully connected with a distant galaxy it is only an illusion to the true contents. You only receive ripples from an ever filling lock box. The real makeup of any soul is only fragments of the Truth. You can trace back their steps, study their orbits, even predict future reactions, and gather all the evidence available. But alas in the end you are only left with theories and no observable science to test, no universal key to their lock box. The mysteries that are trapped there are most not even obtainable to the author(hider) themselves, lost to the dark side. 






Living inside this false illusion is where the light shines brightest, you can only expose your forgotten past, hidden truths, and the origin of your true nature by exploring the Dark Side of your Mind, the side of your mind that's orbit never touches the light. A trip there and you will never return the same, if you return at all. The Madness, the Darkness, it will forever be intertwined in your being, grabbing ahold, tightening its grip and never letting go.







But there in that darkness will be the long lost combinations of your past, and the keys to your future. The trip is worth the burden, outweighs the risk of never leaving the comfort, the light. To make this trip is to make the most of your galaxy and better understand the multiverse that surrounds us all. My trip has been satisfying and enlightening, although some say I have never returned. But I find solace in something the great Alexander Dumas wrote, " There is neither happiness nor misery in the world, there is only the comparison of one state to another, nothing more. He who has felt the deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness." 




       

So Travel to the Dark Side of your Mind and contend with your Madness.  




 Well written., i would be interested in reading more of micheal and irene.



Might add a little depth to throw  in Irene's love of medicine or something to that effect, in the beginning. 




 Dear g,


Stop wasting your time and energy with me. Live your life with no more thought of the divine. Plunge into the depths of reality treading new paths where ever you go. Spark inspiration in others and freely receive these charges. Fear none but respect all. Enjoy this gift as this will be your only one. Make sure in your final moments , as the movie of your past and present plays out you are not filled with Regret but overcome with a feeling of having Reinvented the Gods. Only then will we meet, and i know you've got an entertaining film, so i got my popcorn ready, so 2 say.



GOD



Ps. Dont know how you got my email but wont fare you well to give it out. Dont reply, Im watching movies  




 To contend with Madness is to defend your sanity. We are all trapped in our heads, there is no escape, there is nothing more. Our minds are a small galaxy and each of us add to the multiverse of the human existence. Your bloodline is your universe. We are all distant but on some cosmic scale ever so close. We can if we really try reach out, sort of like a highly advanced telescope spying on the surrounding cosmos, and dig in to the endless wonders of a neighboring universe. And if you know how and what to look for the data can be immense and overwhelming.



We are all moving away from each other at a staggering pace, starting from the time we began. We hide parts of ourselves that can never be found, and with enough time not even by the hider themselves. Our secrets overlap secrets that overlap secrets overlapping a distant face of the truth. The parts of our soul that are hidden are locked in a sort of safe that's  filled with other smaller safes. It is reopened from time to time and another safe with a different combination is neatly tucked in next to all the rest. The individual combinations have been lost with time and only so many safes can ever be opened.



Even when you think you have successfully communicated with a distant galaxy it is only a illusion to the true contents. You only receive ripples from an ever filling lock box. The real makeup of any soul is only fragments of the Truth. You can trace backs their steps, study their orbits, even predict future reactions, and gather all the evidence available. But alas in the end you are only left with theories and no observable science to test, no universal key to their lock box. The mysteries that are trapped there are some no longer even known to the hider themselves, lost to the dark side.



Living inside this false illusion is where the light shines brightest, you can only expose your forgotten past, hidden truths, and the origin of your true nature by exploring the Dark side of your mind, the side of your mind that's orbit never touches the light. A trip there and you will never return the same, if you return at all. The madness, the Darkness, it will forever be intertwined in your being, grabbing ahold, tightening its grip, and never letting go. 




But there in that darkness will be the long lost combinations of your past, and future. It will not be easily spotted and it will not be easily obtained. The trip is worth the burden, outweighs the risk of never leaving the comfort, the light. To make this trip is to make the most of your galaxy and better understand the multiverse that surrounds us all. As Alexander Dumas wrote "there is neither happiness nor misery in the world, there is only the comparison of one state to another, nothing more. He who has felt the deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness."



         so Travel to the Dark Side of your Mind, and Contend With Madness.  




 What?!? I thought house of 1000 corpses was better but devils reject was damn good IMO  




 Any favorites? 




 Yea that was a good debate but it wasnt really a debate on the existence of god, it was evolution vs creationism.

 




 You like the film b/c you havent read the book. The movie with guy pearce literraly could change just the characters names and it could be called something else. 




 Good fellas 




 The devils rejects is the sequel to house of a 1000 corpses.




Anything rob zombie directed will be what you are looking for. 




 I think everyone has seen this 




 This has nothing to do with the topic, thats what i was referring to.  




 Any thats debateable 




 Never heard of dillhunty ill check him out. I agree with the great debates are very entertaining,i like the discussion videos too  but i like more of a back and forth though.



Harris and Wolpe, wolpe makes some solid points if you havent seen it. Nothing to doubt your views but he had an impressive case imo. Thanks for the reply 




 Ive watched alot of dawkins harris and hitchens. If there are any other great atheist debaters would love some recomendations. With that said what has been your favorite debate?




My fav: harris vs wlc, although hitchens vs hitchens is like a 1b 




 The tub offers more protection. I believe the middle of the house is the safest place. Not 100% though 




 Im not christian was curious to dicuss with those who are. We really arent "discussing" anything you are just throwing insults around. I dont understand how discussing ones beliefs show fear and predjudice, but again they are both quite obvious in your comments.  




 Acapolypse now. I dont think this war movie will ever be topped. 




 Yea I looked it up, you are right about the draft picks. So just my example was wrong but restricted fas do come with conditions.  




 Nba cannot use draft picks on restricted Fas? 




 I was not displeased just drawing a comparison to the way you make comments and comments you critize. 




 How do you see discussing others belief as fearful or predjudice of their beliefs? Can you see how your comments convey exactly that of fear and predjudice? 




 Its funny you make comments like these and critize mine 




 Im looking for personal viewpoints, so any who answer the questions fron their experience is satisfying. Ive made up my mind to my truths im curious how others arrived at theirs 




 Well said, thanks for touching on all topics 




 Lol, your childish insults are quite comical. 




 How do the gay people in your church justify worshipping a book that says they are going to hell? 




 Thats kind of sad. If i understand you dont think you have a choice to decide is quite a depressing thought. If you are going to spend your life worshipping you should have a choice and weigh your options. 




 Can you attempt the 4 questions asked? 




 Why have you choosen the "right" religion for you and can you attempt to answer the 4 questions? 




 Well said thanks for touching on all the questions i asked 




 Thats the same avenue i found, to me the only rational avenue to take. But im curious how others came to their path answering the same question 




 Im looking for how you answer the questions posed. 




 The rationlization you prefer to is what im after, i understand how it works. How do you personally rationalize it? Can you answer the 4 questions? 




 Yea dont have that option 




 Cant highlight or copy n patse 




 Well said thanks for the reply 




 Can you answer on the 4 questions in the description?  




 Cant copy and paste so that would be more trouble than its worth. But thanks for the link i see how its done now 




 It still doesnt give me an option unless you are manually typing the quote in 



Thanks for answering those 4 questions, no need for specific disagreements to be mentioned just wanted to know what you already provided 




 im not being critical and you can choose to see it that way. Im either addressing the fact they didnt answer the questions, only answered one, or askin them to elaborate on answers.



I dont see that as aggressive but i see at as inquirying further those who are interested enough to reply. If you dont like it thats ok i dont feel alot of posters see it that way 



EDIT: i also believe some people read just the title and skip the description, so some just might not know im looking for more than the title 




 Yea i dont have that option 




 Thats not really adressing the questions though, forget the title, the 4 questions in the description and your personal take on them 




 Read the description, no need to rewrite them 




 Np 




 Can you touch on the specific questions? 




 I dont see how that answered any of my questions 




 How do you quote, cant figure it out? Ill adress them in order




Most historical claims in the bible come under much scrutinty even by christians




Do you think if you were brought up in a different enviroment you would have found a different religion?




So you have looked to see what other religions offered or not?




There are some controversal things in the christian faith, do you agree with all of them? 




 Well said, thanks for touching on all questions. 




