 1987! 




 I didn't know that's how ^how ^^you ^^^did ^^^^it 




 Everyone has been talking about WHO the killer is, but regardless of the killer's identity perhaps it is more important to ask WHY he killed the kids.

One possibility is revenge against the company.  Another possibility is that he is a psycho.  However, I think it is likely that the killer was attempting something beyond violence and horror.  

We've all seen real animatronics.  They are slow, clumsy, and artificial.  They are mechanical and impersonal.

What if you could create a human machine?  A robot with character?  What if you could give dead servos and metal beams a life?

Perhaps this is what the real killer was after.  They wanted to bring hope to a dismal restaurant.  They wanted to give the robots personality.  They wanted it to be a place where "fantasy and fun come to life".  

And what better to give a robot life than the soul of a child?  Curiosity, joy, energy...  It seems perfect.  And each kid would give his character some type of personality, and they would live forever.

"It is lamentable that mass agricultural development is not speeded by fuller use of your marvelous mechanisms. Would it not be easily possible to employ some of them in quick laboratory experiments... Countless uses will be made by future generations." 




 I live 15 min from Disneyland haha.  Gotta love Disney but there's still something creepy about all those smiling animatronics... 




 What if someone who doesn't know the game finds these actually scary? 




 How come Cedar Fair is into building double B M hypers at some of their parks? 




 I made a watercolor painting of that in high school, pretty much the exact same angle.  The double corkscrews over the ponds are pretty amazing. 




 Excellent 




 He means it is scary, not bad. 




 Good stuff! 




 I don't care if you're waiting for the 3rd game to come out today.  Maybe you're trying to keep everything under control on the subreddit.  Whatever.

One of my favorite albums is Daft Punk's 2005 "Human After All".  Listen to it to make your Friday better. http://youtu.be/wh6Vh0xL0uI


How does this tie in to the game?

1. Human After All - Even if you don't think that the robots in the game are haunted, they have many human qualities gamers have attributed to them.  Curiosity, anger, loneliness, suspicion, playfulness... Do they actually have personalities or is it nothing more than basic programming personified by our imaginations?

2. Prime Time of Your Life - Several children have been cut down in the prime time of their lives at Freddy's Pizzeria.  Listen to how this song starts out slow and fun, but then accelerates into a ridiculous frenzy.  It is over before you fully appreciated it.

3. Robot Rock - Fun to hear the robot voice evolve over the course of this song from a guitar to a voice distinctly saying "Robot Rock".  You can imagine all the robots jamming out to this one on the show stage.

4. Steam Machine - There's no way that the company is good after everything that they've tried to hide.  Fazbear Entertainment is a ridiculous excuse for a corporation, and yet they keep plodding forwards, mechanically wiping everything out of their way.  At the end of the song, it sounds like the whispering voice says "Fear Machine" instead of "Steam Machine".

5. Make Love - Probably represents that weird part of the fandom.  Toy Chica... yeah, never mind.  But on a better note, maybe this relaxed song is about the parents trying to move on without their children and let it go.

6. The Brainwasher - Killer track.  Imagine those hallucinations getting more and more intense as the robots get closer... are they messing with your mind?

7. On/Off  - Sounds like switching a television on and off.  Minor glitch in the system.

8. Television Rules The Nation - Closed circuit television rules the pizzeria!  You are in charge, and somehow the robot's behavior is affected by which cameras you look at and when.  However, this could be the robot anthem against the security guard... you might think television rules the nation, but we'll see who's in charge at the end of the night.

9. Technologic - Shut it.  Wind it.  Switch it.  Find it.  Check it.  Close it.  Quick, replay it.

10. Emotion - Pretty much sums up the whole game.  Do the robots have feelings?  What do they think when the clock strikes 6-o-clock and they realize their robotic programming has made them kill someone?  What do they feel when they get back in their places as the sun rises?  Do the families come back to look at the restaurant and remember?


Anyway, thanks for reading.  Rock on and relax and remember how great the other 2 games have been. 




 How can you tell? 




 What is it? 




 I wasn't sure where one act started and the other ends... So they just kind of fade into each other 




 Yeah I think so 




 True.  Fortunately a lot of people are posting links to more story structures so next time I can cover more 




 Sure thing 




 Haha the Double Shyamalan... classic 




 I know it's click bait but gosh dangit I put some work into it.

Unlike Buzzfeed or Upworthy or whatever. 




 For sure!  Next time 




 Including Campbell for sure next time!

Aristotle's Poetics is boss.  Not sure what part to put on the chart though. 




 Haven't seen the movie.  Take the run time and spread it along the length of the chart, then find events in the movie and see if they coincide with some of the story descriptions 




 You mean thesis, antithesis, synthesis?  That's a good one, I should add that 




 Wow, why have I never heard this before?  Awesomeness 




 True that.  A lot of my friends also finish something for the first time and then spend forever trying to sell it, instead of realizing that they can go back and write something new and better now that they have the practice. 




 I've seen some of Kurt Vonnegut's simple structures and I really like them (Boy Meets Girl, Man in Hole, Cinderella).  Not sure if I should draw all of them in or what though.

Definitely going to include Campbell next time around, some other comments pointed out that Campbell and Vogler aren't the same like I thought they were.

Russian stuff is great too.  Never would have found that by myself, thanks.  And holy cow, that search engine is ridiculous.  

One of the reasons why I made this chart is because it shows you that one "structure" obviously doesn't have it all.  Learning from all of these and then borrowing what you can is great.  Personally, I think it's kind of hard writing from a formula, which is why I use this chart mostly for analyzing other stories and not when I'm writing my own.

I love what you said about vignettes/sequences.  If you think about it, you could shrink this whole chart down and then repeat it several times within a movie.  So we might have several separate quests within the overall journey and it will still be interesting to the audience 




 I really hate using computer software if I could be physically drawing it myself, but maybe I'll give it a shot. Any idea what software I should use?  Photoshop? 




 That's true, it is definitely not exhaustive.  These are just some popular ones in America.

What are some examples of foriegn storytelling that I should include next time?   




 That sounds awesome, thanks.  I'll be sure to include him in the next version of the chart.

 I like how he puts focus on ending your story well, because it's very easy to have a great opening and then not know where you're going. 




 Thanks for reading 




 Thanks for reading! 




 Sure thing 




 You're welcome! 









 Are teh same person 




 What game do you play solely for the purpose of how hilariously unpredictable the program is?

My favorite is Backyard Skateboarding from 2004.  Flying through walls, falling into the sky and having your character turn into a mangled ball are all common occurrences. 




 In one single shot, straight from the beginning? 




 Pride and Prejudice for days 




 I've only been here a week so it's kinda hard to keep up.

I've brought this theory up a few times and people say it's "likely", but to me it seems pretty obvious to me that the shadow ghost from FNAF 2 is a hint to the next game. 









 Makes me wonder though. http://i.imgur.com/nB83X7J.jpg 




 I know there's only a few interviews with Scott Cawthon out there, but what are your favorite quotes from him?

Here's mine from the IGM interview, Scott is responding to why the animatronics in the game rarely move:  "Thats one of the things that makes these 'creatures' so scary in real life. If youve ever been to an animatronic show at a theme park or a restaurant, they can be creepy when they move, sure. But its when they are turned off that the veil is lifted, and you realize that they were never alive. They are, and always have been, dead." 




 I think the hilarity of what you're talking about is that the game is an innocent concept gone wrong, and for some reason, everyone in the fandom has tried to put it back to normal. 

 So now we're at a place when everything seems so stupid because Bonnie, Chica, Foxy and Freddy are so familiar to us in their happy cute cartoon forms.

Until you open up the game and play it again, which is when you realize that metal sculptures left in a pizzeria at night are moving towards you for mysterious reasons.

Scott said it best in the IGM interview: "Animatronics can be creepy when they move, sure. But its when they are turned off that the veil is lifted, and you realize that they were never alive. They are, and always have been, dead." 




 Do you think it is likely that Shadow Bonnie is Salvage?  What else is it supposed to be? 




 Salvage obviously looks old and withered.  The 3rd game takes place 30 years later, so do you think that he could get that old and withered in 30 years time?

He obviously wasn't created after the pizzeria in FNAF1 shut down, and he wasn't pieced together from the remains of others since the Steam description says the animatronic was discovered, not built.  So he's been around.

What if he was in the first game.  What if he was the one creeping around, writing messages on the walls and on the backs of the signs...

WHAT IF SALVAGE HAS BEEN THERE THE WHOLE TIME

P.S. has it been confirmed if Shadow Bonnie from FNAF 2 is actually Salvage?  The teeth look similar.  If so, that would confirm his presence in both games. 




 Made it to 5 AM before power shut out, does that mean I'm getting closer? 




 Had this happen to me on mobile.  Had to put down the phone and look away 




 Bought it, there's a link on the side of this page, it's under "The Community" 




