 I've been searching for months for meets in the western Massachusetts area. The only one that's around me is my local elks club and it's really all old dudes in corvettes.  




 He can't even  




 Mines been sitting in our backyard for about 4 or 5 years now. My dad and I plan on making it into a straight axle drag car. 




 Holy shit another redditor with an F85! 




 Good God that thing is gorgeous, you should cross post it back into r/Porsche  




 My dads friend has a 1985 Countach. I don't think I have ever ridden in a car that was so amazing and so shitty at the same time. It looked and felt like it was built in a shed. But it was just such a surreal experience being able to ride in one of my hero's.  




 Or as Regular Cars would say FIX IT AGAIN TYRONE! 




 I spy with my little eye a turbo Buick :D 




 I can't remember what they're called, but the rims that are on the 993 GT2, they're a 3 piece rim that's based on the cup rims. 




 How can we see if our eyes aren't real 




 Or did a line, because you know, 80s 




 My dads best friend has a Countach that had a throw out bearing that went bad, and he asked us to fix it. We have to pull the engine out to get to it. Literally no idea how this is going to go 
Edit: Once the time comes, I'll post a whole album of us doing it. 




 It just looks so goofy that it works  




 As much as I hate low riders, I would definitely drive this one. It's not every day you see a Tercel like that. 




 This is Falken stupid, these Falken puns need to stop 




 The submarine factory called, they want their porthole back. 




 Wilwood big brake kits will do wonders. 




 I have a story as well! Last year, my cousin and I went to a swap meet and I brought literally no money. My dad was in Hong Kong at the time, so he told me to use some of his money if I found some Oldsmobile parts. Well, we head to the car corral, and there's this god awful 1980 Cutlass that's brougham 2 tone baby blue. The seller was asking $3,000 for it, so I told me dad. He said to go get some money and my cousin and I can go halfsies on it so we can flip it. Well, that's what we did. We ended up getting the car for only $1,300. I tell my dad we had bought it and he was pretty proud because we managed to get the price that low. We brought it back to my house and my mom was PISSED. We already have 8 cars at my house and when she saw this Cutlass roll through I thought she was going to kill me. My dad on the other hand, proud as fuck.  




 Ballaban is way worse IMO 




 Good God... What the hell is going on the with the front bumper cover  




 Ok I'll have to try that, but no of my other games are crashing like GTR2 though, even the other simbin games. 




 I tried configuring it through steam and through the directory for the video settings, but I took a break so I'll try audio next time I get the chance. 




 Tried all of that, and nothing. I asking tried running it in compatibility mode, uninstalling and reinstalling and still nothing. 




 http://s1374.photobucket.com/user/train_subject1541/library/Mobile%20Uploads 




 I can see why, there is no such thing as a cheap Porsche. The price of parts isn't too terrible, the thing that gets you is how often you need to do maintenance and all the special tools that you need. It's my autocross car so it only sees wear and tear for about 5 minutes each month. The Cutlass isn't bad at all, just because it has the 3.1 and not the 3.4. I bought mine for a grand and pretty much did a mini restoration. I bought 2 parts cars, got what I needed, and sold what I didn't need. I'm currently into the car for only about 1,200. 
Edit: Words 









 Damn that sucks, I absolutely love it though. I can't tell you the last time I've ever seen one driving on the road. I basically restored it my freshman and sophomore year. When I first purchased it, it was red, broken into, rotted, smelt bad, and had the most disgusting interior ever. Bought 2 parts cars, swapped out all parts I needed, then sold the unwanted parts. It basically looks brand new now inside and out, and I'm only into it for a grand. 




 Picked up a girl after school one day. It was pouring out, and I mean pouring out. I love my Cutlass to death, but since it's a convertible, the thing leaks more than Chernobyl leaks radiation. We're driving home, and water is literally going everywhere and it's not stopping anytime soon. Of course my side doesn't leak that much, and it's the passenger side that's terrible. Needless to say, she wasn't a fan of my Cutlass, and I took that shit right in the feels.
Edit: Completely forgot to mention I spun a bearing in it while in the school parking lot. Made the most horrifying sound ever. 




 I'll trade you the 550 for my 917/30 




 Did someone say new wheel bearings every year? 




 Gotta go fast 




 I have a really soft spot for the Javelin, ever since I saw the old Trans Am road race cars, I've been obsessed with them since. 
http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_FoXyvaPSnVk/S_rkktXroxI/AAAAAAAC4ss/8MaD1Te2Jb0/s800/1971-AMC-Javelin-Penske-Transam-001.jpg 




