 Still need help?  I'll be around tonite US Pacific time 




 And you bought all the transients from the undead female merchant?  Jagged ghost blade and cursed greatsword (made from Soul of Sif) kills ghosts.  If you can get one transient and you have the gold serpent ring I would highly suggest doing some transient farming on the ghosts.  Also you don't HAVE to go here right away.... 




 Sounds good!  I'll be on tonite like 8? pacific time 




 Got dragon scales?  I've got 10+ eye of deaths... 




 You can buy skme from undead female merchant in tunnel before burg or serpent ring farm some from the ghosts.   




 I'm on PS3 and have been in the Burg recently.  last nite I lose my first two rounds, get summoned for a third and as soon as I arrive the 'Target Destroyed' and bam 660k souls!  This seems to happen once or twice for me every time I fight for a couple hours.
The worst part of PvP for me is the lag.  lately I've been getting backstabbed from the side or even front! 




 rock and roll!  message me back here later where you're at... 




 My friend Sarah Sitkin made the video for [Little Red Lung - 50 Fingers](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kx-xE8GOoxk) !
 




 the "Four" Kings...when I finally beat this boss, there were three other Kings waiting in the Abyss for their turn.  Definitely a race against the clock.  I ended up two handing a Dragon's Tooth and using a +15 Pyromancy.  Also, I spent a lot of time PvP-ing and co-oping to level up a lot, so I recommend that as well 




 yea relax, go to where you killed the bell gargoyles and talk to ol' ozzy.  He'll set you straight.   




 But wait!  Smough and Ornstein! 




 Pam and Jim's wedding on the Office.  It was cool until the dance thing at the wedding.  Threw my hands up and said I'm out of here, but came back later....to the cold open where they do that little music video thing at the beginning starting with Andy in the elevator.  Terrible.
 




 [Confirmed](http://imgur.com/GnyYGNg.jpg) 




 Nice to see Samuel L Jackson getting some work.... 




 ^yesthislagistheworst! 




 Holy smokes, this is exactly what I needed in an amazingly timely manner!  [Thank you!](http://iruntheinternet.com/lulzdump/images/gifs/80s-kid-thumbs-up-computer-yospos-13643498000.gif) 




 Just some quick questions/rant....Sorry in advance if these are 'basic' questions...
Never took the covenants too seriously mainly because I think of Dark Souls as a game vs man (singular)....Anyways, got all the way to Smough and Ornstein in Way of White without summoning another player besides the two Knights for Gaping Dragon who I ended up beating without their help anyways....Was having some 'difficulties' with Smough and Ornstein and decided to upgrade my weapons with Andre/Giant Blacksmith and then figured I'd stay around Andre and join the Forest Hunter and see what happens, mainly because I want ALL the rings....  Little drunk during the whole joining process with Alvina, but all of a sudden bam I'm invading and fighting and at 99k souls when my max ever had been like 30k!!  The past two days haven't been as awesome and here's my questions....

1. Is forest hunter all 2v1 ???  
2. Anyone that's human running through this area has a chance of being invaded by me regardless if they want to, right?  
3. Is it random who I invade?  
4. Are people waiting to be invading/summoning me, and if so how?
5. When I get close to someone so our shields can touch they're all of a sudden backstabbing me.  How do I do this?  I thought I was good at it....
6. Can I summon another Forest Hunter member to fight people?  
7.  Is there a better covenant for someone like me who likes a more 1v1 approach?  I just don't like getting ready to fight someone then all of a sudden another summon is behind me blasting me in the ass.
8. Where the hell do I farm Humanity???
9. And finally, is Dark Souls online experience just another example of online gaming these days?  Where's the humanity!?!?!
Thanks again, I'm on a PS3 and want to keep PvP-ing........ 




 Billy Butthole 




 It's 'a' before a consonant sound, 'an' before a vowel sound 




