 aw damn I was hoping someone wanted MY tarte for true blood palette! lol 




 Yodeling. Oh dear lord do tell. 




 bah you should have gave her a small.
of course she'd complain that THAT was too small. 




 Not really suicide themed, of course that's what the headlines were but it was actually a "RIP childhood" party 




 Not everyone can cum from sex. I can't get myself off with my fingers, I have to use a vibrator.  Have you tried having sex with a small vibrator on your clit?  




 You don't have to.... 




 not paying for shipping and handling... 




 seems like 9/10 of these were always broken or otherwise fucked up and ate your pencil 




 I could sit there and literally shred my entire pencil 




 I try to use it to find my car in a parking lot 




 Yea $1 for the 2 pack and then 6.95 s h 




 did someone mention delicious russian pastries?
 




 Also we used to have neighborhood cats that would stop and get fed at every house on the street because everyone thought they were strays/starving to death.
They'd live with us for a while then go missing for like 3 days seeing their other families. 




 My mom calls my cats her "grandcats" 




 YOU'RE NOT MY REAL mom! 




 Yea kids will feed all kinds of stuff to dogs if you let them. Chocolate cake, etc.

NONONONONON We don't feed that to lard ass (I mean fido) 




 my cats are really good at this. I feed them, husband feeds them
and then when we get home I feed them, a few hours later he feeds them again.
We have a pig cat who will sit there are eat until she pukes.
And then continue eating again, if we let her. 




 I'm real bad about popping the blisters and then they leave like a crater scar where there's a chunk of flesh missing. :-0 




 my pink sparkly riding crop.
I think I'd figure it out quickly enough, though.... 




 are they burns? in my experience burns take a long ass time to heal, especially if they blister and you pop the blister.
 




 They have generic versions of mederma that are pretty good 




 It depends. if they are keloid scars they will almost never fade. If however they are just minor lacerations and heal without a raised scar they will fade to at least be a bit lighter over the years 




 yay! thanks :) 




 Sorry sir, if you don't like it write your congressman.
 




 I bought my mystery box today. Am I still going to get this one? or next month's? any ideas? Thanks!! 




 poor thing. RIP 




 My skoshbox came with the pocky and aero green tea demolished into a million bits. I was pretty upset. but I ate the powdered crumbled mess anyway 




 Well, in the defense of men, Sybians are fucking expensive. lol 




 we had them in west virginia in like 93 




 YES we had one of these in elementary school  (born in 85)
the notebooks were pretty badass, it took quarters. 




 YEP 




 Damn those sluts being under the age of consent! 




 Eh, did you actually have sex?
Because that would be bad.
 




 Thank god I'm not the only one who has that paranoia.
 




 "I haven't tipped in the last 10 years!"


I'm sure she's VERY proud of herself.

I would tell her to go die in a fire. 




  I haven't tipped in the last 10 years!

Go to hell. 

Seriously, you are going to hell.

 




 YOU CAN'T PROVE ANYTHING! 




 Well if there's change left over from my $5 bill then I give them the change in the tip jar. but since the drinks at starbucks are like 4.70 with tax, it's not a lot.... 




 Why don't they have a tip option when paying with a card? I feel like I dick never tipping but I do not carry cash. 




 Is it any better when I visually imagine myself stabbing the customers with a fork? 




 Yea sure I went to community college for two years and university for four years and the job market blows so I have to serve douchebags 9-5 in order to pay back student loans. but sure, I'm a high school dropout.

 




 our computers were down all day. YAY 




 I leave mine in the bathroom by the tub... So yes it's mine now mwahaha 




 Gorgeous! 




 Yea he has a heart attack or some shit 




 I think diabetics feel the need to urinate a lot. Still not an excuse. 




 oh ok I was confused, thought she bought it online 




 lol. 




 jesus christ lady, go online and print your fucking order summary. 




 ugh, I always get stuck in line behind "return lady" 




 "Is the item blue?"


....I don't know. 




 but it only weighs five pounds.
and she can ride in it.....


 




 maybe it's a drawing of a carriage?` 




 FUCK YEAH let's  GIVE COWS VACCINES
and DO KEG STANDS! 




 is it football related? 




 yea she's pretty much just crazy 




 she also shot andy warhol 




 well. Hold him captive I've coming over with cheeseburgers 




 olestra!!! 




 yea fine show up at 7. your shit won't be ready. bitch 




 Yea Ours are pretty fucking sturdy.... 




 the falcons are gone :( 




 owwww 




 I would have taken the free half dozen old donuts and left with a smile. 




 I want donuts at like 3 am. and coffee. Does that make me a pig?  I'm not picky though, I'll take whatever.
 




 Ok I read that, still don't understand why there was a riot. 




 holy shit why was there a riot? 




 lame. I really wanted the balm one but it's not worth resubscribing and getting broken stuff or tea. 




 how the hell did he break it? 




 yep, they were after free shit 




 "is it raining?" 




 I WANT IT 




 uh how the fuck are we supposed to remember every single customer's phone/pin number? 




 Yeah, if she threw her credit card on the floor it would stay there. 




 At my mother's clinic they had signs, basically "hang the fuck up"
and people still came up to the receptionist, phone in hand. 




 I don't know your pin number.
YOU have to do that part.
 




 That is awesome.
 




 That explains a lot. 




 oh my god that sounds horrible.
 




 CAKE IS NECESSARY! mwahaha 




 wonder if his wife is even allergic or he's making that part up, too... 




 tell him to go take a hike 




 roofie cookies. do not eat 




 What is this she owes the attorneys money business? Do you guys turn them over to creditors or what? 




 She wants you to let her in 




 "Sorry honey, the cat was here first." :) 




 I don't understand why people are so confused. They hand the card to me. I can't see the fucking screen!
Have you never used a card before? 




 I do the same thing. Until you hang the fuck up I am pretending you are invisible. 




 Reminds me of my coworker who had a customer who wanted to run her card as credit but inevitably kept typing in her pin number. So the coworker had to cancel and reset it. over and over and over again. sigh 




 If it was genital warts there would likely be more than one. 




 bah you can have it shipped to store? then shipping is free. what a whiner 




 hmmm $25 or $5, which is more. 




 I tried to tape the guts back inside. Then I cried. I was mad at my cat for a week. I was pretty young, like 9. 




 Bald eagles are no longer endangered, partially due to being bred in captivity. 




 Holistic dog dentistry?  I've heard everything now! 




 Covergirl pressed powder and lipsmackers.  Every day.  So chalky. 




 As a diabetic eating sugar, how is she not dead ? 




 Aw man, my cat brought home a baby bunny with its guts hanging out  :-(  was so mad 




 NO WAY is she gonna be able to find clothes that fit.
 




 Also, free babysitting 




 IDK, mine went through to the paypal payment screen. sorry :( 




 Sorry I had to downvote but your comment made me die a little inside. 




 The irony is the people in the prisons are eating better than the people on the streets. 




 Well for examples there are tigers which are endangered because their habitat can't sustain them. 




