 Fuck the Lakers 




 I'm telling you man...  Because Love and Rondo may go there and Kobe leaving soon...  And the Lakers fan base... They did the Cavaliers shit again...  




 Kobe has to much power...  




 Yea...  About that...  




 Told you...  




 Told you...  Haha 




 I believe we are gonna get a top 5... 




 Got it...  




 Yea...  But this is the Kings sub..  So fuck the Lakers.  




 Shit...  No I didn't... Deals off the table...  Gtfo of my office.  




 Are you kidding me!!!!  We are talking about Casspi the GOAT...  That's like asking us for Hollins..  You out of your mind? 









 Are you kidding???  We have to give up Landry AND Casspi...  Get out of dodge 




 I don't know one fan who actually thought this trade was gonna happen.  




 Im so confused with this question...  




 DON'T INTERRUPT THE MAN!  




 Honestly..  I doubt it.  [Here's a video that details the downside of union](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Gim8_5D2fA)  




 Yea but we did not have nearly as much attraction to open business down there now.  




 Fact...  I spoke to God about this.  




 Hopefully...  That's be awesome.  




 Getting rid of the dead K St mall will also breathe life into newer retail to position around that area. Restaraunts and hopefully night life.  I just worry about natomas falling  away. 


We also can't forget that we are building a soccer stadium for a team who may potential be picked up by the MLS... Big things people 




 Let's think...  We are putting a multi million dollar arena in the heart of downtown. We have huge hotel brands bidding on putting hotels near the arena and already have talks of improving the skyline.  I project the Kings to start being a contender in a short amount of time. This is a good time for sacramento to try and make huge strides. 


The drought hurts us alot but I honestly feel that in ten years,  downtown will be unrecognizable to an extent.  




 Midtown stomp 




 She does...  Because they paid her to do this video...  




 No you must declare by 2nd semester I believe  




 [/r/Prostitutestories](https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ) has alot of these.  









 THANKS REDDIT!!!  I might start a sub if anyone likes this song and wants me to do another.  




 Yea..  YouTube has a big area for covers of songs.  So I put my out a few months ago.  Glad you liked it.  




 I know.  I have been training for such a long time.  I don't mean to have people come in expecting me to be terrible. Sorry to disappoint you.  




 I like these stories but stuff like this are meant to be moments in people's lives that benefit humanity...  Not cheap stores to post to go viral... 


It makes it lose its appeal.  




 10/10 would *Putin* their dicks 




 Thanks! I've been singing for awhile and would love everyone's feedback.  




 Awesome!  Thanks for the correction.  




 If this is real...  This is the saddest thing I have ever read...  This guy is fucked up.  




 I only know you replied if you reply to the message itself.  


From my knowledge of transfers and what counselors have told me, you can change your major as long as you meet the requirements for that said major it shouldn't be an issue.  If the major is impacted or requires certain criteria such as GPA approvals and such per major,  then those must be met as well as deadlines if there are some. 


As far as I have heard,  TAGs cannot change.  That may be wrong but that is what I heard.  Hope this helps.  Call your advisor or the counseling office at the University.  




 Was it a TAG transfer?  




 Edit: Wow guys!  There is a sub reddit for awesome covers kinda like this!!!  Check it out [/r/music_coverz] (https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ) 



They were good but their harmonies were off.  Each of their individual voices were amazing but weren't very harmonized. 


[Here's a cover I did for the song myself to show at least I know what I'm talking about](https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ)  




 If this is a novelty video on you having fun with friends..  By all means this is a cool video of what you can do if your great with survival skills!  


A little more disclosure or clarification of the context of the video would be helpful but I think you are very good at what you do!  My worry was that some may take this in the wrong way. That's all champ.  









 #wutm8?  




 Alot of towns have nothing wrong but people leave for no reason...  Actually they are great to visit!  Chernobyl is a international landmark...  Visit it this summer if you can.  




 This wasn't actually *that* bad.  




 I like the part where he threatens to kill her...  That's my favorite.  




 I'm pretty young at heart.  I play sports,  party,  and socialize but also love school.  I think I could laugh the kids off most of the time 




 Where has ISIS attacked America on US soil.  Sources are appreciated. I would still not grant you as much because US is to far and to reluctant to go to war.  Look at Syria.  Israel is on the front line.  




 Threats are different than attacks...  They haven't attacked the US.  Otherwise your point would be valid.  




 So what your saying is you had a cock in your mouth...  




 Ha 




 I likes ya...  And I wants ya... We can do this the easy way or the hard way.  




 It isolates you and says look...  These people are bad..  They don't like you but we will protect you.  Come with us..

 




 Terrorists using scare tactics to terrorize? 

Well that's different 




 Knife attack in Israel isn't top priority on terrorists attacks...  Shit I think that is one of the only ones they could pull off.  Israel has been putting up with this shit for years...  ISIS is no different. The counter terrorist group is Israel is one of the best in the world. ISIS has picked on countries who are in shatters due to war... Jordan or Israel would murder ISIS. The bully never picks on the one that fights back.   




 /r/circlejerk  




 Because Israel is actually strong as fuck...  ISIS would be destroyed.  I'm not disagreeing with foreign support I just don't believe that is the reason why they aren't attack Israel.  Truth is they wouldn't stand a chance.  




 Starting to miss Saddam...  




 Allah 




 "Due to rapid onset food poisoning,  Al-shabein octzakar is no longer receiving visitors. Please find another sheep."  









 You literally posted a video on reddit that isn't stabilized,  that's vertical and has no way of even seeing the video because it's pitch dark about kids fucking around on a roof and no one got injured....  And you expected upvotes?  




 *points at sign* 

Sir..  Please don't feed the trolls.  




 Darude has good music.  Sandstorm is one of their top hits.  




 "HI!  I'm Taylor Swift.  I am a professional musician who makes hateful songs about my ex.  Wanna get coffee sometime?"  




 Mouth HANDIES are the best 




 [This is a good one](http://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/36c21c/kanye_wests_performance_at_billboard_music_awards/crco30n)  




 Sounds like my card.  PM me the name,  number,  civ,  and exp.  Date 




 I rode the trail a ton. Be vigilant and aware. I rode/ride the trail for over 5/6 years and never had an incident.  Doesn't mean there aren't any. Be smart and be aware and you I'll be fine.  You're at a bigger risk of getting a flat and a dick ass road biker won't help you ha 




 Pixies,  Purity Ring, Panama, Tyler the creator,  chromeo? LET'S GO SACRAMENTO!  




 General consensus agrees with me..  Faggot isn't a nice thing to say buddy.  




 :( 




 You are a cunty Canadian huh?  




 There was absolutely no booing in this... Was it during the clips of the whole audience dancing and smiling?  




 Well depends...  We have a woman in the US name Bruce Jenner so..  I guess it could be 




 I was at this game.  




 Yea dumb fuck.  




 Well that's definitely a boy...  Named Calvin...   




 This is on my list of things not to do if you want to live.  




 This police state bullshit is getting old.  You endanger yourself so much more and make a mountain out of a mole hill.  I'm just over it.  




 Lol 









 Haha dick 




 My bad Bro..  I'll PM for permission next time.  




 Nice. Did he seem to fit in well? I hear alot that the main issue is alot of the brothers are alot younger so sometimes they just don't sync well.  




 I'm a transfer and 23.. Will be 24 next semester...  Is that to old?  




 Lol that sucks  




 Yea depending on your age,  I like fair oaks and folsom. I live in Carmichael but all are decent areas. Folsom is a lot classier and nicer.  




 I'm more interested in Bernie Sanders...  




 For obvious reasons 




 Where the fuck is her ass?  




 Wait what happened?  




 Kinda my point.  I said take it for what it is..  I wouldn't rely solution anyone else.  They are helpful but can only do so much 




 Yea...  We should offer incentive to build more.  Like a tax break to companies.  




 I looked it up and what I read is they can be poisonous to eat if you do not prepare right.  Nausea and headaches can be death when your om an island.  




 Fair oaks, Carmichael, Orangevale, even citrus heights lol 




 Yes 






































































































































 Because now I have a headache that has lasted since Saturday and I don't have $100 to spend on Tylenol..  














 Hello gents! I am in the market for a pitchfork that is capable of destroying a mob/riot while still can start one if need be.  Does not need to be automatic but I would like a built in body cam on the handle in case of an altercation.  I also heard that the rioters in Baltimore are virtually undetectable at night so thermoscope or built in light is a must!  Help me out guys!!!  Paying big money!  






















































 He said "I don't tend to read into things"  







































 So my SO and I went on a day trip to take pictures with her new camera. We traveled down to the river where she was taking pictures carelessly as we walked down to the river. At the river, there is a bridge that overlooks the river with some nice vantage points. She resumes her photo session of taking pictures of the scenery when after a short while we decided to call it quits. We begin the hike up back to the car when she decides to look at her photographs. in one of the photographs, we see a man in the picture and we start joking about who this man was. We decided to zoom in on the picture and lo behold.... [I am pretty sure this man was exposing himself while eerily looking at us!](http://i.imgur.com/YmKbNGx.jpg) I am not sure but I am pretty confident that this is what is going on in the picture! Extremely disheartening for someones first photo shoot!

TL;DR Went to the river with Gf to take pictures... ended up accidently catching an old mans pork and beans. 



















