




 I'm not sure what I expected, but I was kind of disappointed. 




 he is going for a ride.  

As opposed to what he's doing? 




 When the fuck do you think this was?  




 If you want to add more, say you read it in a study. 




 Dammit OP! I'm browsing Reddit! I ain't got time to watch a damn movie and shit! 




 Squirrel? 




 Don't they have CNN in Norway?  CNN would report that it's snowing. 




 I'll never forget back in 2011 when a coworker said Kelly was going to hit about 30 home runs that year. 




 Can I get "One Night Stand Gifts" for $200, Alex?  




 I know [one person](http://imgur.com/3YQtw0r) who got pissed off at a pep rally.  




 *25   




 Did they use the same device to measure with?

 









 Renames it ISIS which is why they started calling the terrorist group ISIL. 




 Boehner figured out how to capture the Hispanic vote. 




 Is it me or is Boehner getting redder? 




 Dear God! Will someone turn on the fucking light so we can see it's just a pile of clothes! 




 That fucker ain't worth a second blow. 




 Rules unclear, penis stuck in tequila bottle.  
FYI- the worm tickles. 




 Who's the bigger bastard, the comment-er or the up-voter?  




 I'm hoping for head. 




 *vicious 




 That's actually kind of impressive 




 And it shall be called *The Purge* 




 That is patently false 




 No, but I have heard that about Ironwood. 




 No, this is not common knowledge. Spread the gospel! 




 Exactly! Quit inconveniencing me! 




 Simply didn't take the time to think of something witty as I'd only had a couple sips of coffee 




 Simply didn't take the time to think of something witty as I'd only had a couple sips of coffee 




 It's like I'm taking crazy pills

 




 Duuude 




 If you always hear the joke "Want some coffee with your sugar" this may not work. 




 Oh no, it's not fucking Bob from accounting. You know that if it was fucking Bob, I would have had to make an Insanity Wolf. 




 Not before his coffee he isn't

 




 ^I grab the packets of sugar then gtfo of the way  

You truly are a gentleman and a scholar.  
Back when I took sugar in my coffee I never had the bottom sludge problem.. 
 




 Maybe part of your routine can be to step aside while you're screwing around so others can get their coffee and get back to work. 




 I'd honestly never heard that before. So there is a minuscule chance the person ahead of me was simply misinformed and not just an ass. 




 [That's not as easy as it sounds](http://i.imgur.com/s5Dx3bn.jpg). 




 Irritable until I get coffee. 




 The 50's called and they want their breakfast of champions back. 









 OP better sleep with one eye open. Stewart looks shady as hell. 




 Kept waiting for the guy to roll paint on.  




 Seconded 




 Fox fucking up a show? Shocking! 




 What do you mean future? 




 It's a [tattoo](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tattoo). 




 My pickle game adds protein if you tickle it enough. 




 Damn near rekt her. 




 Can't you see how helpful it'd be if it had a mouth. 




 /r/theydidthemath
 




 If you really want to make it interesting, use an electric fence system. 




  3) The volcano gods would be really pissed.  

Couldn't we occasionally toss in a virgin to appease them?

 




 Your title says Henning so it's wrong. Whatever it is is wrong. 




 In Lost there was always the uncertainty of his character that he played up perfectly. 




 When they say everything in Australia is trying to kill you, they weren't lying.  




  Next time you q-tip a chunk of wax, give it a lick. It's pretty repellant.  

Truer words have never been uttered. 




 Just checking if there's peanut butter. 




 Not quite what I had in mind 




 Scratching cave walls?

 




 Misread title and was expecting a hippie cat. 




 That's Amazons new 2 hour delivery, no time to walk to the door. 




 Thought that was Stan Lee at first glance. 




 Front Room Cat?  This implies other room cats, which invites a whole mess of questions.  
1. How many other rooms contain cats?  
2. Do any of the rooms contain more than one cat? If so why?   
3. How are rooms assigned?  
4. Are any of the cats allowed out of their designated rooms?  
5. Is this some kind of "experiment"?  
6. Are the cats allowed to visit other rooms?   
7. Is the dog the warden or just a screw?        
8. Why do you have so many cats?  
9. Is this "experiment" you're running something that would be allowed on Youtube or WorldStarHipHop?  




 Shot with those CIA invented meth bullets. 




 My boner may be confused, but **DAT ASS!!!** 




 Yet. Come back after you're dead to claim that.
 




 Not her fault, nobody knows how the cloud works, its a cloud, and its a mystery.  




 TIL: Betty White's boobs look like droopy dog's noses. 




 It's like Ant-Man movie is going to show that he has actually been in every Marvel Movie. 




 That's because it was left in the woods and not owned by an idiot. 




 20 years ago is not the '80s anymore.  




 I read this joke back when it was on 178 punch cards 




 Sounds like experiment time. 




 Now you're just fucking with me. That program is no worse off now than it was before. 




 You get a second date. 




 I'm sorry, let me simplify my point. 
 i get the bowl ban being lifted since anyone who was involved is no longer w the program   

Nothing, including the bowl ban and scholarships, should have been reinstated because they would discourage future cover ups. 




 The purpose of taking the wins, scholarships, and bowls are not just to punish the guilty but to dissuade future violations. So that next time a head coach, athletic director, or university president hears that one of their employees may be diddling children on their watch they will think it's worse to do nothing.  
If Joe Paterno knew his legacy would be taken from him do you think he would have risked it by letting Jerry hang around?  
If the AD/President knew their program/school would lose the money from bowl games, the competitiveness from scholarships, and the prestige they got from the wins would they have covered it up?  
Take a look at how MLB handled Pete Rose. By banning him from the Hall of Fame and sticking with it you haven't heard of any other coaches betting on their teams because at least partially  it's not worth it.  
Of course now that NCAA pussed out they showed everyone that it's worth covering up something as atrocious as child abuse because the consequences are laughable. 




 WTF! Putting football above all was why those wins were taken in the first place. 






 









 Whoa, whoa, whoa, too far! Delete Facebook? But how will I know when my third-cousin twice removed birthday is?  I think everyone needs to just take a deep breath and calm down before this gets out of hand. 




 All panel vans are rolling probable causes. 




 It makes sense if the baby is Jewish. 




 Who the hell has time to read when there's so many damn movies to watch? 




 Cute, but I was expecting this [Taco.](http://imgur.com/ydCNcCr) 




 I'd do the same. Who am I kidding? I'd be on the curb with my head in my hands totally not crying. 




 You sir, win Reddit for the day. ^^^if ^^^I ^^^had ^^^that ^^^power 




 ~~All boys school?~~  
Edit: Wrong comment 




 Take a trip to Cornando 




 Porn always gets it wrong. That damn net never comes down without jiggling.
 









 Let me grab my fedora. 




 Those corners 




 We've come for your daughter Chuck. 




 Bob Ross was in the Air Force and Air Force boot camps do not have Drill Sargent or Drill Instructor, they have concierges.  




 So would I but I think they're freshwater 




 If her crabs are big enough to cradle RUN! 




 Only the males 




 Only males are venomous 




 Only the males 




 Minesweeper 




 When he wasn't looking, hell for $5m I'd let him hit me. 




 Aww, what a sweet hug and kiss 




 A Harley Quinn Davidson 




 No, but it's funner to say 




 As long as you hug him and pet him and squeeze him 




 [Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6QHzIJO5a8) 









 [Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6QHzIJO5a8) 




 [Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6QHzIJO5a8) 









 But when do we to rubbing one out? 




 Nailed it! 




 It's just not as fun as saying duck-billed platypus. 




 That little leg kicking... so much awww 




 Smaller hands make the belly look bigger

 




 Psyduck always looked more platypus than duck 




 Are they blinking "help us"? 




 Could be a huge Korn fan 




 At one time I wanted a platypus until I saw a show about their venom and then it was NOPE!  




 Looks so soft 




  Your mom has all kinds of penises in her body.  

But unlike OPs, these penises aren't tiny.
 









 Photographer didn't have to say Cheese! 




  treating births as occasions of great grief.  

So they've had a second child. 




 Damn, is that his motherfucking job? 




 Better give back the ball if you know whats good for you. 




 No idea if he has a middle name.  

Imagine if it starts with a V.  




 Holy crap! That last panel was a portrait of me last Monday getting up for work after almost three weeks off. 




 I thought it was all about the width :( 




 Imagine the marketing meeting that bore this out. 




