 Could be a failure of the imagination... 




 IN THE GAMEEEEEEEEEE 




 Dragon Knight's stun is the worst scaling stun *in the game*!

Dragon Knight's stun is the worst scaling stun.

I know many of you would prefer the first - but consider why.  The phrase "in the game" is constantly used to express emphasis, often as part of a hyperbolic rant about how much a hero sucks or is OP.  What's really meant is something more like

Dragon Knight's stun is by far the worst scaling stun; it fucking sucks.

Consider this: all of the mechanics we will ever discuss are, in fact, in the game.  That phrase adds no coherent meaning to the sentence, and is only included for emphasis or dramatic effect.

This might be fine if it were a rare occurrence, as it once was - an occasional cry of emphasis from casters.

But now, the community seems to have such a limited collective vocabulary (or is so intensely hypnotized by fluff casting diction) that there is hardly a thread that doesn't invoke this idiom at least once.

And so, from just outside, the community begins to look like a collection of underage hyperbolic cunts with no awareness of the vast and diverse array of adjectives just begging for use as emphasis in some inane diatribe about Lina's shit attack animation or whatever.

So uh...please use real words instead. 

Cheers. 




 What is the dose? 

 




 I don't see why not.  Composting works better... 









 So far, none of this conversation has been quantitative except my $.35 btc.

In economics, supply and demand are often represented as functions of price.  This is where the common visual of supply and demand curves intersecting comes from.  Supply at various prices and demand at various prices are plotted in one coordinate plane; the intersection point is a theoretical equilibrium, a price at which the two should be equal.

Perhaps in the future, bitcoin will be supremely useful, but only a tiny amount of coin will be needed to make complete use of it.

In this future, one would expect an equilibrium price to be quite low relative to a future in which bitcoin's utility was as a direct currency instrument.  You could call this "low-demand," though I think it would be better to think of it in terms of price.  People might buy it all the time!  But it would not cost much. 




 If you believe that an idea about supply and demand contradicts the possibility of bitcoin being profoundly useful for everyday transactions and also dirt cheap, then we probably disagree about supply and demand.  I'm quite comfortable with that. :P 




 Did you read the OP?  It seems like a reasonable assessment to me:

The explanations is and has always been simple. The REAL price of bitcoin was never so high yet, and it's is better for everyone to have a properly priced asset and not an over inflated bubble. Maybe current correct price is under $200, like it or not, but that alone doesn't remove the huge potential for bitcoin. 




 Such profundity! 




 Bitcoin is entirely unique by being the first time anyone has been able to directly invest in a technology.

Perhaps that is true, and means something, but I don't see how it has any relevance to what I've said above.

What is Bitcoin worth if it makes the internet 10x valuable as it is currently?  Well, nobody knows.  I think that's one of the main points of the OP.

Perhaps the next phase of bitcoin is to become so profoundly useful for everyday transactions that it transforms life as we know it and we reach a singularity hive mind consciousness that explodes the fucking galaxy into a cosmic mindfuck jism explosion of funkadelic sex magic, while also being worth about 35 cents apiece.

In that case, it would have been a pretty shit investment despite all its utility, as in this scenario the utility of bitcoin for any particular person is independent of the magnitude of that person's bitcoin holdings. 




 Very interesting...

The trolls worked in teams of three. The first one would leave a complaint about some problem or other, or simply post a link, then the other two would wade in, using links to articles on Kremlin-friendly websites and comedy photographs lampooning western or Ukrainian leaders with abusive captions.

Marat shared six of his technical task sheets from his time in the office with the Guardian. Each of them has a news line, some information about it, and a conclusion that the commenters should reach. One is on Putin offering his condolences to President Franois Hollande after the Charlie Hebdo shootings in Paris.

Vladimir Putin contacted the French leader immediately, despite the bad relations between Russia and the west, reads the section explaining the conclusion the troll posts should reach. The Russian leader has always stood against aggression and terrorism in general. Thanks to the presidents initiatives, the number of terrorist acts inside Russia has decreased dramatically. 




 This seems like a good argument to change OP's view.  College education can be made free without inviting everybody to enroll, or stay in school if they're already there.  We could make admissions requirements higher and raise the minimum GPA to avoid expulsion. 




  Supply of Bitcoin is decreasing while users are increasing. Who's selling? Who really knows? Probably the miners paying for their bills. Next year when the supply of BTC halves that may be just enough to get the swing going back to Bull.

What are you talking about?  By your language, it sounds like you're equating creation rate with supply.  Is that right? 




 The two categories are not mutually exclusive. 




 The supply is decreasing?

Are you sure you're not thinking of the rate of bitcoin creation?

edit:  I also took an econ course or two in school.  It is not so simple and straightforward to apply elegant quantitative laws of supply and demand to real life.  In that context, you do not actually know the supply, demand, or even the price of Bitcoin with precision.  Economics, like science, is math.  If you can say it in English without referring to a chart full of numbers, it's not economics.  It's not science. 




 That is not a good summary of the findings at all.  Also, the parts you quoted above are actually part of their introduction; the authors are referencing prior work in those sentences, not the work being reported.

The relevant bit is actually

Results demonstrated a duration- and dose-dependent reduction in cell viability with each cannabinoid and suggested that THC-BDS was more efficacious than THC-P, whereas, conversely, CBD-P was more efficacious than CBD-BDS.

and then 

Similarly, pretreating cells with THC-P and CBD-P together for 4 hours before irradiation increased their radiosensitivity when compared with pretreating with either of the cannabinoids individually. The increase in radiosensitivity was associated with an increase in markers of autophagy and apoptosis. 




 Yes, those are all fair points.

I find this interesting, in particular:

5-10 years down the line Bitcoin could be a million a coin. Or it could be zero. Who knows.

My understanding is that there are many commodities that offer a much more predictable return.  There are also many other potential tech investments with an uncertain fate.

If your goal is profit, investing heavily in Bitcoin makes little sense.  Bitcoin is not special in this regard; it is a risky investment that has its place, but should not be expected to pay off huge just because it possibly could. 




 That is an interesting point of view, but it is irrelevant to this particular conversation.  Vlarocca was talking about investments, and I am curious about Vlarocca's reasons for investing as they seem to believe there is some compelling reason to expect a high return. 




  hey found that cannabis in combination with chemo yields better results (generally) compared to chemo alone.

You misrepresented the study as only investigating the combination, and were arrogant about it.  You were wrong; the study specifically tested both the combination and cannabinoids alone.  Doesn't that bother you? 




 The fact that it did is compelling reason enough to believe it will again.

If this were true, then all commodities whose price ever rose substantially and then fell should exhibit infinite cycles of substantial growth and decay.

But they don't... :/ 




 You seem to have misread the study's abstract, which contradicts what you've said.  According to the scientists themselves, this study tested whether specific cannabinoids inhibited glioma growth with and without radiotherapy, and found them to be effective in both conditions.

 Cannabinoids have been shown to specifically inhibit glioma growth as well as neutralize oncogenic processes such as angiogenesis. In an attempt to improve treatment outcome, we have investigated the effect of 9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and cannabidiol (CBD) both alone and in combination with radiotherapy in a number of glioma cell lines (T98G, U87MG, and GL261). Cannabinoids were used in two forms, pure (P) and as a botanical drug substance (BDS). Results demonstrated a duration- and dose-dependent reduction in cell viability with each cannabinoid and suggested that THC-BDS was more efficacious than THC-P, whereas, conversely, CBD-P was more efficacious than CBD-BDS.

Then:

Similarly, pretreating cells with THC-P and CBD-P together for 4 hours before irradiation increased their radiosensitivity when compared with pretreating with either of the cannabinoids individually. 

**You should do your homework before pontificating on the errors of others.  You were wrong; they were not.** 




 I have lost money on my bitcoin investments. I will continue to buy faithfully. Bitcoin will go through strange changes, still I am excited for it's future and believe it will succeed.

What do you mean by success, though?  If you keep buying because you believe that you will profit in the end when BTC inevitably rises in price, then you are not a wise investor; there is no compelling reason to believe it will rise substantially again.

It seems to me that OP's most important insight above is that success for bitcoin does not necessarily require a high USD value. 




 You should not combine amphetamine (Adderall) with an MAOI because of the potential for physical harm from the interaction.

Combining low dose amphetamine with LSD should be fine if you're used to the dose. 




 This image is being reposted a lot lately.  I don't see how it contributes to discussion here. 




 That is not necessarily true.  The law you quoted was not made to be interpreted on Reddit, nor to be left open to interpretation as you have just done.  It is not as simple as it might seem.

There are many ways in which the actions Edward Snowden took in releasing classified information may not satisfy the conditions in the law you quoted.  Perhaps because he gave the information to American journalists, it cannot be said that he furnished it to an enemy.  Perhaps it cannot be shown that the information released has any tendency to weaken the power of the United States to attack or resist its enemies.  Perhaps there is important context not in the words quoted (hint: there always is) that could disqualify his actions from applying.  Etc.
 




 That hardly seems like a fair assessment; he's been quite consistent, honest, and straightforward so far as a senator, and has often voted against party lines. 




 All people's fingerprints are unique; no two people have exactly the same fingerprints. However, Leo's fingerprints contain the Mona Lisa on them. Therefore, Leo's fingerprints are ______.

What is the most correct English way to describe how Leo's fingerprints go "above and beyond" the normal level of uniqueness associated with human fingerprints.

Such a person's fingerprints are no more or less unique than any other fingerprint - all fingerprints are unique in exactly the same was as each other.  They are either unique, or they are not.  There is no problem.

It is like the number 5.  I either have 5 digits on each hand, or I don't.  It doesn't matter how incredible the fingers on my left hand are; they are either 5 in number, or they are not.

What you are probably looking for is a word describe how peculiar, unusual, distinctive, or remarkable this person's fingerprints are.  "Very unique" does not accomplish any of these ends.

The same problem affects phrases like "very pregnant." English does not have an easy way to compare someone who is 3 months pregnant vs. 6 months pregnant vs. 8 months pregnant.

Sure it does!

"She is pregnant." 

"Oh really?  How pregnant?"

"6 months pregnant!" 




 I have noticed the GMO downvote/flame phenomenon and found it surprising.

If I had a large stake in a product whose adoption depended, in part, on the views of educated 20-35 year olds, I would devote some resources to influencing views on Reddit.  It makes sense that companies like Monsanto would, too.  It would be very inexpensive and easy to do.  You could even do it with a small botnet and a simple AI that creates new accounts, browses Reddit making generic posts here and there, and frequents science subreddits to downvote anti-GMO posts.  It wouldn't have to be perfect, but just good enough to have a net pro-GMO effect.

Come to think of it, there are probably systems like this already acting on many different issues where stakeholders exist who have access to strong IT resources.

I don't necessarily disagree with your assessment of Monsanto activity on Reddit, except that I do not believe I *know* what is happening.  I was hoping you would share some evidence (e.g. a link to a fairly transparent shill post). 




 Well that's all true, but hardly relevant.  Rodney King was beaten by LAPD almost 25 years ago.  Few would argue that police brutality in the United States has improved in that time, yet nobody can deny the awe-inspiring growth of technology over the same period. 




 Prohibition has delayed the growth of scientific knowledge and public understanding for a long time, but at this point it doesn't seem to matter nearly so much.  There is a great deal of research happening now.  In some ways, we have a better understanding of cannabis as a whole plant drug than we do of tobacco (where research is mostly about isolated nicotine). 




 Well, those are very extreme statements.  Information technology has empowered ordinary people in privileged countries to create and distribute media, and this has led to some change in people's views and increased awareness of some issues.

But neither of those things is as extreme as you state - plenty of people were aware of police brutality before Facebook and smartphones existed.

But there is no evidence that I've been able to find that police brutality has decreased in the United States due to these changes.  I do not see how a modest change in awareness and public opinion is evidence that society's progress is matching that of technology. 




 I think reasonable people could disagree about most of what you just said.

You cite social networking and videos of police brutality as evidence of social progress.  To me, these things both seem like clear evidence of how sick our society is. 




 Wow.  That's a really interesting take on how augmented reality could play out. 




 They look fine man, don't worry.   But 1.3 grams won't get you very far. :P 




 cheers 3 




 Sounds like you vaped pretty fucking hard before you typed that sentence. :P  I have no idea what you're saying, but it sounds like you don't understand that there is no conceivable health risk from the copper in this device except through drinking acidic bong water repeatedly.

OP established that very clearly.  There are no copper fumes coming from the device. 




 So you have nothing behind it.  I could just as well say later that I encountered a paid shill whose job it is to make people who support Monsanto look like paid shills.

You're undermining the position you claim to support by making such obviously unsubstantiated claims. 




 I'll still try to minimize any health-concerning weak points I see when it comes to the colorful spectrum of things that go inside me.

If that's true, then you should use a vaporizer before concerning yourself with a little copper in your bong water.  Whatever tiny amount of copper that you might ingest from the bong water that may have trace amounts of leeched copper in it is benign compared to the relatively large quantities of known carcinogens in the smoke.

  You eat copper every day, you know - if you didn't, you'd get sick.  It's food. 




 Perhaps it's actually quite common, but stoners are, as a group, very slow to change their views. 




 The pH of the water doesn't matter anyway, unless you plan to drink it.  If copper leaches into your bong water, you'll have copper laden bong water.  So what? 




 Copper also has low toxicity. 




 Oh yeah, no worries.

If you verify that it is fully dissolved and agitate the pan before introducing the blotter, then yes - you can safely assume that the LSD is evenly distributed. 




 Yeah.  By measuring an amount of LSD into a volume of fluid (e.g. alcohol) that you know can be absorbed by a sheet of blotter, and then laying the blotter in a pan of that fluid, you can have precisely measured doses with minimal variation between them.

Dropping LSD on individual squares is rare, and introduces far more error into the process. 




 The only reason to think it wouldn't be is if you see signs that the tabs have had LSD solution dropped on them with a dropper.  This would mean that your LSD was laid on blotter by an amateur; LSD is properly laid on blotter whole sheets at a time, usually in flat pans.  

In all my years of taking LSD, I only ever saw this problem once. 




 Well, I'd like to think he has a better reason than that.  Maybe he'll surprise you? 




 Ugh.  All this mancentric language really turns me off.  Why talk in such a backward way? 




 It is a bit ridiculous.  But the power of self-interested corporations to skew the availability of scientific evidence is not trivial.

Science follows money; if you don't have funding, you can't do research, and you can't make a living as a scientist.  Because large corporations will pay for work that makes their products look good, and will not pay for work that makes their products look bad, these corporations do exert an influence over the relative availability of research into various questions.  Corporate funding for science rivals that of governments, and is a major force in the scientific community.

This isn't necessarily bad, but it is one form of bias that exists in the literature.  This is one reason why it is important not to weigh the existence or lack of evidence too strongly when reviewing evidence for or against a particular point of view.  There are plenty of bad ideas that have yet to be refuted, and plenty of good ideas that nobody has yet investigated. 




 Come on...if you're going to make a claim like that, you should provide examples.  Anybody can say that; why should anybody believe you? 




 No anti-LE posts will be tolerated, posting something that even remotely resembles anti-LE, baiting an LE poster or "poking the bear" you will be banned, this is your only warning.

Ask law enforcement - for all those questions you've always wanted to ask a cop, as long as those questions make us look good. 




 Rest in peace in peace? :/ 




 Also some kind of multitap delay, or a series of long feedback few hundred ms ish delays, and some kind of relatively fast (1hz ish) modulation on the reverb  




 Makes sense to me too.  I think it's important for the psychedelic community (in the broadest sense of that term) to continually explore potential harm from psychedelics and how to care for and prevent it. 




 Well...I guess there are a couple of assumptions there.  One is that these stories are approximately true (I can't comment, never having seen such a story), and the other is that the causal attribution made is accurate (that psychedelics caused the troubles).

Those seem like fairly large assumptions to me.  If psychedelics actually permanently fucked people up, I'd expect to at least be able to find a case study or two on pubmed.. 




 I'm going to be honest, here. I love the header image, I think it's an awesome piece of art. That being said, to the average person, it is a bit... scary. Does that makes sense?

Yup.  It's a very dark image, and to be honest I never liked it; I don't believe it communicates the intended vibe of the sub.

Perhaps it would be good for those active on the sub to discuss what feelings and ideas they'd like to communicate to newcomers at first glance; the header is a powerful part of seeing a new sub for the first time, and it could be used more effectively.

Unless the consensus is that this sub is about darkly trippy third eye new age duders :P 




 Seldom will anyone in these circles admit that the drugs they do ARE dangerous and that they DO fuck people up (sometimes permanently). They can be psychologically devastating.

Well...I was with you for most of this, but I feel that you've gone well beyond established fact with these statements.

What evidence is there that psychedelic drugs have permanently fucked anybody up? 




 No, it wasn't.  He didn't say "look here's a study showing why psylocybin in particular will probably produce a nasty withdrawal."  He said 

psilocybin affects the levels at least three known neurotransmitters (and probably a host of unknown ones) that can be adversely affected following a withdrawal

and therefore

Abruptly stopping a microdosing regimen of psilocybin will almost certainly have ill effects.

That conclusion can't possibly follow from the argument, as all kinds of substances that affect those neurotransmitters *do not* produce withdrawal at arbitrarily low doses.  And it is not specific to psilocybin: it is a general assertion about any substance that affects those neurotransmitters.

What you consider yourself is not relevant; if you can't comprehend such a simple line of reasoning, you are either very naive or you do not value reason enough to have learned how to use it effectively. 




 Rude... 




 His argument was not specific to psilocybin.  He claimed that any substance that altered levels of neurotransmitters would produce a negative withdrawal if taken regularly.

No evidence has been provided to support that idea so far.

edit:  I guess this is an anti-intellectual sub. :/  Disappointing. 




 The same way history is written: by whoever wins. 




 I am not misrepresenting his argument.  He is claiming that any substance that alters neurotransmitters will produce negative withdrawal effects if taken regularly and then quit.  I pointed out one instance in which his argument produces a false conclusion.

That is not a straw-man argument.  A straw man would be if I created a new argument that resembled his, but with flaws of my own making, and then pretended that my new argument was the original argument.  That is not what I have done.

I'm beginning to wonder if this is just a stoner sub. :/ 




 It's not a straw man at all :/  Your own exact argument entails a ridiculous conclusion.  Doesn't that bother you? 




 If you have basic soldering skills and an hour or so to spare, you could make your own and save a good bit of money.  I make my own audio cables using parts from Redco.  Even if I only bought the gear to make a single cable at a time it'd be cheaper for me to build my own high quality cables than it would be to buy the worst cables in store. 




 I understand your claim very well!

I simply don't believe that it's true!  :D  What's so hard to understand about that?

Ingesting chemicals known to affect neurotransmitter levels and processing in the brain, for a prolonged time, and then abruptly ceasing that chemical is known to most likely cause side effects.

By this logic, if I ate .000000001 grams of chocolate every day for a prolonged time and then stopped, it would most likely cause side effects.  You have yet to make any quantitative claim or provide any quantitative evidence.  

How do you know that this level of use will produce a significant withdrawal effect? 




 Troll post 




 Did you even read the pages you just linked to?  They aren't primary sources, and few of their references are either.

It's not purely chemistry and physiology - it's purely speculation!  Physiology doesn't happen with a logic like "X affects serotonin, serotonin makes you happy, therefore X could make you happy!".  Physiology is an extremely complex science and happens more like [this](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25342005).

Interesting that I've been downvoted for pointing out that your bold claim had no apparent evidence behind it.  Is psychonaut an anti-skeptic / anti-science sub?

edit:  If you truly have seen clear evidence to support your claim, link to an actual study that supports your claim directly.  Not speculation about psilocybin having some vaguely defined effect on a vaguely defined neurotransmitter system - actual evidence of a specific effect that could be harmful. 




  Abruptly stopping a microdosing regimen of psilocybin will almost certainly have ill effects. Just prepare yourself.

That's quite a leap!  You have no way of knowing it will have negative effects.  It seems just as likely that there would be no ill effect. 




 Pretty garbage article.  What makes this relevant to /r/anarchism? 




 No - this is not a trivial problem.  If demand for desalinized water exceeds demand for the salt produced by it indefinitely, there will never be a time when the excess salt is needed. 




 Well, that view is contrary to the article's main premise and it seems implausible to me.  You really believe those graphs and the article's systematically biased wording are the result of naivete?  Why? 




 This hardly seems relevant; this article isn't about ineptitude, it's about deliberate obfuscation. 




 Just edit it so that the specific employee can't be identified.  You have important feedback for them - don't just sit on it. :) 




 Wow...great read. :(

[google map of the 'lake' showing its size relative to nearby cities](https://www.google.com/maps/place/40%C2%B037'32.9%22N+109%C2%B040'10.1%22E/@40.6401853,109.6958997,6916m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m2!3m1!1s0x0:0x0) 




 The way the word is used now, it often is no different.  A cooperative *can* be structured so that the workers own the fruits of their own labor and collectively decide how to run their business.

But in practice, most cooperatives function as small businesses that pay workers a wage to obey a boss. 




 Hey, it was a fair question.  People toss words like that around all the time on reddit and the definitions tend to slip.  It's good to clarify yourself when borrowing vaguely defined buzzwords. 




 Well, ok then.  If you're determined to ignore studies that contradict your point of view, I can't stop you.  I really think you should read that last link I sent though.  Science doesn't work very well when you pick and choose what results to believe on the basis of ordinary thinking.

edit:  It is interesting how you can't produce a single reference to support your view. 




 Welcome to /r/philosophy!  This is not like some of the subs you may be used to, where snarky one-liners with only a tangential relationship to the OP are taken as valuable contributions.  Please read the sidebar and FAQ! 




 Dude I have stuck with scientific evidence.

But you refuse to acknowledge any scientific evidence that contradicts your predetermined views.

Why?  Doesn't that seem odd to you?

There are plenty of studies done on mice including live ones too that show it has the opposite effect.

Link to one study that shows the opposite effect (hint: there are none).

The study you showed me I had read about when it first came out. I studied it and wasn't convinced because in much better conducted and well performed studies including tests done on live humans or apes there wasn't a correlation between THC and brain damage.

Show us one study in live humans or apes that could detect such inflammation, or the behavioral expression of it (e.g. memory impairment), that gave a contradictory result.  I doubt any exists.

And amandine is different if it wasn't, there would be no point in using THC. The difference is THC is more stable and dosent break down as easily making it stay longer. However fact remains that it is only a partial agonist to the cannabinoid receptors it still isn't strong enough to do massive damage to the body that just doesn't make sense.

I don't see how any of this contradicts the finding that THC produces inflammation in the hippocampus.  And inflammation is not massive damage - it's part of the body's natural response to injury.  But chronic inflammation often causes damage over time.

...

You keep bringing up reasons why the finding could not possibly be true, which don't actually contradict it's being true.  In science, theoretical understanding *comes from empirical observations*, not the other way around.  If our theoretical understanding (e.g. your idea that THC can't cause inflammation because it is similar to anandamide, which you assume does not to cause inflammation) is contradicted by an observation of reality, then the theory must be abandoned or changed to match the observation.  In this way, our theoretical understanding gradually approaches a perfected model of reality.

If we threw out observations because they contradicted our theoretical understanding, we would no longer have an empirical discipline, and our theoretical understanding would gradually decay into a fairy tale with no particular correspondence to reality.

edit:  [Here is a helpful chart and explanation of the scientific method and it's excellence.](http://www.sciencebuddies.org/science-fair-projects/project_scientific_method.shtml#overviewofthescientificmethod) 




 This has no relevance to the OP. 




 I see...well, without some explanation of the standard they use, and some quantitative expression of how "low " or "high" your hormone levels are, the test results don't really mean much, right?

Maybe your estrogen level is dangerously high, and you need to take a drug right now to prevent developing breast cancer next year.  Or perhaps it's actually within what a health professional would call normal limits, there is nothing wrong at all, and any attempt to change it would only introduce unnecessary risk.

Given the information available, it's hard to see how the internet could possibly tell between these two scenarios.

If you have cause for concern, a doctor can surely help you to sort it out. :) 




  Every time it's done on live animals or live subjects it's completely different.

That's not true - I just showed you two studies, one using neurons in a dish, and another using live mice, each showing the same result.

In fact, cell culture is an invaluable and highly reliable tool for investigating the effects of drugs, toxins, and nutrients on various types of cell.  Your ideas about it consistently producing wildly incongruent results directly contradict established scientific consensus.

For other studies similar things happened. They used tissues or neurons from the animal and placed them in dishes. Than they used live animals to test out there hypothesis. Huge differences, it always seems that thc in tissue samples in dishes, are much more negative compared to tests on real animals.

Except in the two studies I linked to and summarized above...the cell culture study and mouse study showed the same result with the same mechanism. :/

There is so much evidence on both sides to this plant. And on to what you said earlier, about how you can't ignore that THC causes memory impairments. Of course it does. That wasn't what I was referring to, all I said was the memory impairments were due to different neurotransmission which is a fact. This is how every drug works whether there are a depressant or a stimulant or whatever they all act on increasing or decreasing chemicals. To say that THC causes brain inflammation in the hippocampus, and that is what is responsible for its effects is irrational at this point.

How is that a fact?  I provided you a study from last year that established the fact that - at least in mice - THC induced memory problems are caused by COX-2 signalling (inflammation).  How is it irrational to accept an established scientific finding?

By that logic, every day we would get brain inflammation from anamidide since it works in the same pathways as THC.

Not necessarily; you're assuming many things about *how* THC produces inflammation in the hippocampus, which may not be true at all.  Perhaps there is some meaningful difference between [THC](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4c/Tetrahydrocannabinol.svg) and [anandamide](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b7/Anandamide_skeletal.svg)?  They sure look different to me...

What about other drugs? Drugs like cocaine, and amphetamines increase brain function. Does that mean since the hippocampus is more active, these drugs cause the opposite effect? Well we know these drugs are neurotoxins despite there excitory transmissions. So Obvisouly just because they temporarily increase brain function doesn't mean there healthy. Hard stimulants are some of the most neurotoxins out there.

I don't see how this is even relevant.  Why not stick with the science and consider what I've shown you in the actual research literature, instead of speculating about other drugs?

edit:  I forgot to reply to the bit about lung cancer.  [Smoking cannabis can increase one's risk of lung cancer](http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/resp.12298/full)


 




 You should consult a medical professional before screwing around with your hormone levels.  There's a lot of garbage on the internet about this kind of thing; these systems are incredibly complex and generally poorly understood.  You can hurt yourself.

Who did the testing?  Did they tell you anything about the results' clinical significance?  Do you have any reason to believe that anything bad will happen if you do nothing? 




  If cannabis were legal it would be great, because than we could do studies on actual live humans, people who smoke the flower, and test there hippocampus to see if it is inflamed one way or another.

Hmm.  I have two questions for you:

How many studies have there been in the last decade in human cannabis users?  (hint: many)

How would you design a study that could test for inflammation in the hippocampus of a live human subject?

edit:  wait, you never did answer this...If THC doesn't produce inflammation in the hippocampus, why did [Hippocampal Neurotoxicity of 9-Tetrahydrocannabinol](http://www.jneurosci.org/content/18/14/5322.full) find that THC produced COX-2 mediated neurotoxicity in hippocampal neurons in a dish in 1998 - and why did [9-THC-Caused Synaptic and Memory Impairments Are Mediated through COX-2 Signaling](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2013.10.042) that THC produced COX-2 mediated neurotoxicity in hippocampal neurons in mice in 2013? 




 Personally, I think the robothooker would be far *more* desirable than a human - assuming they were indistinguishable.  Prostitution is not an easy line of work!  Given the choice, wouldn't you rather enjoy uncomplicated roboconsensual sex instead of weird, potentially traumatic, wage slavery sex? 




 Huh...well, good luck with that.  I don't think you understand how science actually works; it's not a process of deriving new truths from old truths by thinking about it.  It's an empirical discipline; ideas about what might be true are generated by thinking about things, *and then tested in the real world to produce scientific findings*.

I read you drawing many conclusions on the basis of your own sense of how thing seem, or ought to be in your view; this kind of process is only tangentially if at all related to science and isn't a reliable means of producing knowledge.

The study of cannabis is about as confusing as the study of any drug or collection of drugs - it's a very complex, but ultimately straightforward and well established science.  It doesn't require guesswork or speculation.  You can go read the studies and learn things about what THC and other cannabinoids do in the brain, and you can come up with new hypotheses that could be tested as well.

But you can't decide that THC doesn't inflame the hippocampus - it does!  You can't just decide that THC doesn't cause memory impairments - because it does!  These are well established facts.  There's nothing confusing or ambiguous about them. 




 Haha!  I apologize for my mistaken assumption; something about your writing style suggested to me that you were probably a teenager asking on your own behalf.

 I'm going to have to somewhat disagree because THC has been shown to be a potent anti-inflammatory drug, this is why is is very medically beneficial to patients with inflammation or disorder or conditions that cause inflammation. The main reason (based on what I researched) for the hippocampus related deficiencies was due to the differentiated neurotransmission that goes once thc has entered the body. For example we know that THC and the endocannibinoid system work uniquely because the system works backward.
 So rather than the pre synaptic cell transmits to the post synaptic cell it works backwards. This allows the pre synaptic cell to limit the amount of neurotransmission that occurs such as dopamine, GABA, etc. so the deficiencies in the hippocampus I dont believe are related to inflamation but rather the reason there are problems with short term memory and learning is because the amount of neurotransmission is decreased if it's decreased this means the hippocampus is going to work not as well because it's getting certain neurotransmitters blocked which are important for memory and learning.

But how do you explain studies (e.g. [9-THC-Caused Synaptic and Memory Impairments Are Mediated through COX-2 Signaling](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2013.10.042)) that demonstrated a causal relationship between THC induced inflammation in the hippocampus and specific memory problems?

Your ideas about cannabinoid induced synaptic feedback mechanisms are interesting, but I don't see how they would contradict the finding that THC induces inflammation in the hippocampus, thereby causing specific memory impairments.

Also, do you have a link to a study demonstrating this feedback mechanism?

edit:  there is often confusion about inflammation and anti-inflammatory drugs.  Many compounds have the potential to produce inflammation, even those that also have the potential to inhibit it (e.g. [counterirritants](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Counterirritant)).  So there is not necessarily any contradiction to the finding that THC causes inflammation in the hippocampus if THC is found to have anti-inflammatory effects as well. 




 I dunno about that; I think there are euphoric states within the psychedelic experience rival the euphoria of opiates.  I don't think most people experience them on psychedelics, though.

With opiates, if you get the dose right you *will* experience unbelievably strong euphoria.  It's reliable.  But I don't think it's necessarily the only way to experience such strong euphoria. 




 If you're not going to shoot it, though, there is really no point in using heroin.  You could get the same or stronger effect with a known pure dose by using one of the euphoric pharmaceutical opiates, instead. 




 Forget the bullshit about metabolism - it's a vaguely defined pop health concept that has no particular relevance to your problem about drug testing.  If you need to defeat a drug test, there are specific, evidence-based, well established methods for defeating them.  The method used will depend on what drugs are in your system, in what amounts, and what will be tested for.  You could use google to find the answer, or reformulate your question and get great answers here.

edit:  Damn bro, you should eat more. 




 Grapefruit juice actually prolongs the time it takes for many drugs to be processed by liver and thereby removed from the body. 




 The mechanisms are, of course, dependent on the drug being used, and likely on a variety of other factors related to the individual's health.

But the mechanisms aren't really what matters to you - you need to know whether you're going to fry your brain!  The answer to that question is:  you may, and it's much better to be safe than sorry.  There's a big difference between once a week and twice (100%), but either may have lasting detrimental effects on your development.

Anyway, your question:

The main source of cognitive impairment from cannabis is likely due to it's toxicity in the hippocampus, a part of your brain that creates and works with memories.  This is why you often can't remember a fucking thing when you're really, really stoned.  Where are my keys?  Why did I walk into the kitchen?  I don't know, because my hippocampus is inflamed as fuck right now.

Could inflaming your hippocampus once or twice a week as a teenager affect your cognitive development?  Of course!  Is it certain to?  No.  But is that risk worth it to you?  *How much* risk of lifelong memory impairment is worth it to you?

Although it's been reasonably well established that marijuana use in adolescence can cause lasting cognitive impairment, the mechanisms of that impairment are not, so far as I could tell, known.  Scientists have learned a great deal about the mechanisms of acute impairments caused by marijuana - for example, we know that THC causes inflammation in the hippocampus, and thereby impairs memory.  But I haven't been able to find any studies proving that this change in the brain remains after cessation of use, nor any that examine the mechanisms of impairments that are found to endure in some populations.

I think it'd be good for you to study some more science.  This is how I came up with the answer above:

[I searched pubmed, the leading database that biomedical researchers use to find each others' work](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/?term=marijuana+adolescent+mechanisms)

Then, I skimmed a few abstracts (research summaries) to refresh my memory.  Stuff like this:

[Mice on cannabis are dumber than mice not on cannabis, for really interesting complicated reasons](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25036610)

[THC is toxic to the hippocampus](http://www.jneurosci.org/content/18/14/5322.full.pdf)

There's a vast wealth of information out there if you know where to look and how to read the language.

edit:  I almost forgot.  If you're going to smoke marijuana, it's a good idea to protect yourself from some of its harmful effects on your memory by taking an anti-inflammatory drug or plant medicine (e.g. ginger).  [THC's effects on the hippocampus can be somewhat blocked by NSAIDS](http://www.elsevier.com/connect/preventing-marijuana-induced-memory-problems-with-OTC-painkillers) 




 Ahh - I'm afraid I can't recommend anything in particular.  It seems to me that most vaporizers of that quality and design are in the $200-$300 range these days.

I will say this:  although I almost never use the vaporizer away from home, I love the portability of it.  I guess part of this comes from being used to pipes; the thing fits in with my usual routine of going about my business while smoking.  If I owned a hookah or a stationary vaporizer, I'd probably never use it unless I was entertaining friends.

If you don't care about portability, there have been a few vaporizers of [this](http://dabuddhavaporizer.com/index.php/dabuddhavaporizer/da-buddha-vaporizer/da-buddha-vaporizer-blue.html) design over the years and they seem to work really well for plant material.  There used to be one like this that was quite good and ~$100, but I can't recall the name (this is was in 2005 or so).

There a many cheap vaporizers on the market now that are intended for use with hash oil and/or nicotine bearing liquids, but which are unsuitable for tobacco and other herbs.  You want a vaporizer that heats plant material with hot air, not a hot surface; the experience of vaporizing plant materials with a conduction (hot bowl) vaporizer is not pleasant.

Anyway, best of luck.  Feel free to run different finds by me if you like. 




 You're quite welcome. :)   




 You're using an incorrect abbreviation.  CBD is commonly used as an abbreviation for cannabidiol in particular, both in popular writing and in research literature (e.g. [1](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25799920) [2](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25779454) [3](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25777582)).

edit:  in general, it's very easy to learn the accepted convention for any particular abbreviated term in the research literature; simply search for the term on pubmed or the appropriate service for your discipline and check the first few articles' abstracts for the convention used.  There is usually a clear consensus. 




 Just want to second the vaporizer suggestion: they're way better than e-cigs as a pipe replacement.  I have a [DaVinci](https://www.davincivaporizer.com/davinci-vaporizer-black-bundle/) that I've used for pipe tobacco and occasionally cannabis.  I imagine my experience would be similar with another well designed convection vaporizer (like the Pax and many others).

It works very, very well with the pipe tobaccos I've tried it with (VaPer's and English, no goopy aromatics).  I like that I can adjust the temperature quite precisely, and that the tobacco remains highly responsive to the frequency and strength of my draw.  In some ways, the flavor can even be better than smoking; it tends to complement fruity, floral, and sweet flavors very strongly. 




 You could list it on ebay and offer local pickup as a shipping option, then link to the ebay listing on craigslist.  This removes the cash problem and allows either person to ask ebay for arbitration if something goes wrong. 




 We, inside the bodies, are still the same individuals; it's our ability to act through them that is impaired.

This makes no sense to me. :D  When I drink (or sleep poorly, or take a drug, or whatever), I *feel* and *think* and *perceive* very differently that when I don't.  It doesn't seem like there is any separation to me. 




  When we die, we are exactly the same individual as we were before death, except that now we don't have a body.

I see no reason to believe this is true.  When I drink alcohol, I become a new person.  If I suffered a head injury, I would become a new person.

The person arises from the body, in a sense; the person's qualities are dependent on the body's functions.  When the body is changed, the person changes.  Why should the person stay the same when the body changes so dramatically that it's no longer a body? 




 "Causal questions get causal answers" was meant to be the reason the statements are contradictory.

In that case, I believe you have misunderstood Chalmers' statements paraphrased in the OP.  Anyway, I don't see how the statement "Causal questions get causal answers" demonstrates any contradiction.  Could you explain? 




 Yes; Chalmers used the word consciousness to mean what chaosmosis would call experience[ness]. 




 Causal questions get causal answers.

Seems reasonable enough.

To exist is to have experiences. 

Whoah!  Now you're positing an answer to the hard problem by proposing that existence entails consciousness.  David Chalmers actually discussed this exact answer in a [recent talk](http://www.ted.com/talks/david_chalmers_how_do_you_explain_consciousness?language=en).  But you were in the middle of talking about a contradiction in the problem itself...

...which I don't see.  How do the two statements OP made contradict one another?  Could you be specific about that contradiction? 




 What would suffice as an answer, then? If you define a problem to be insoluble, you'll obviously never solve it. In what sense does Chalmers mean "why"? If it's not in the causal sense, I'm inclined to think it's a meaningless question. 

[He means it as a causal / explanatory why](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hard_problem_of_consciousness#Chalmers.27_formulation); it's not a meaningless question.  He did give it some thought, you know! 




 I think it was opium dissolved in ethanol. 




 If you buy a cutting or whole cacti, you could juice it instead of having to make tea or ingest powder.  Probably more enjoyable. 




