 hey now, ohio's an open carry state - it's totally legal for me to walk around with a loaded, ready to fire AR-15 so long as i ain't in a bar or within 1000 feet of a school and am not inside a car. 




 They run 3 to a patrol car, and i think that says something pretty profound about how dangerous the job must be. What an awful way to die. 




 The case is eerily similar to that of Loretta Gates, whose remains were found scattered throughout Niagara Falls in September 2012. Police say its still too early to confirm if there is a connection.

But family members of Gates tell 7 Eyewitness News that the victim in this recent homicide had close ties to Gates.

Here's hoping if it is the same guy they catch him quick; anyone cold enough to kill and dismember two people is a serious threat. 














 classic case of smart-but-dumb: he was smart enough to locate the phone, dumb enough to realize he was over his head in recovering it. I'd have just walked away and called the cops, myself, if i asked for it and they refused. 
























 what's really strange is that this isn't even a particularly large cleaver - 12 inches overall, and it looks like the handle's a little more than half of that. I mean it's a sharp piece of steel so it's going to do damage, but i am not sure there's not something much more effective in a 12-inch knife.

Also: try explaining this shit to the cops if they catch you with it. I'd almost pay to hear someone try. 




 Wow that is fucking vile. What the fuck is wrong with those people? 




 I'm just waiting for Voat to be like "haha you know what? we actually DO need some overall administrative moderation of the site or it turns to total shit!" in a few months. 




 bet those would be awesome for stress-testing a transport network 




 No doubt! 




 One can hope; if they'd broken it up or at least toned it down, it might have saved some lives. 




 For me, Meg exists solely as a prequel to Hell's Aquarium. Imagine Hell's Aquarium done with Jurassic Park's budget. 




 i'd have not declined - i'd have *laughed them out of the room*.  




 can confirm, have had authors offer me books on goodreads to review. 




 There is an absolute *flood* of those 20-page books, it's incredibly frustrating. Good to see amazon doing something about it. 




 It's like Freud up in there. I don't think the linked image is about the friendzone at all, but they sure like projecting... 




 i gather it was an almost new building (built in '06 or something?) - and almost every balcony collapse the story is "it was way overloaded" 




 But yet there are neither 19 nor 41 bullet holes in that image.

Interesting side note: judging by the way the bullet holes look, the *other side* of the plate was shot, and this is the reverse of it.  




 the rest of the quote probably goes "Us and our 7 users are very happy, now" 




 I have no idea, but i assume whatever method was used to construct it's about to come under some serious scrutiny.  




 Called it when i first posted it to r/news; if there's two people in a house and one's dead, it's a fair bet the other one had something to do with it. In this case, that seems to be the case.

Hopefully justice can be done. 









 There's a few ways to game it, depending on proclivity. Cobble gens work pretty well, *some* mob farms work pretty well, etc. Anything's gameable in modded MC, it's just a question of how much damage you do to the server's TPS in the course of it.  









 the Australian answer to Paul Bernardo and Karla Homolka, i suppose. Creepy. 




 It does seem like an odd turn of phrase; i'm not sure why they'd not consider this a hate crime (or if bias crime is synonymous with hate crime, or what). 

This guy sounds like a grade-a nutbar, though. Hope they catch him before anyone else gets hurt. 




 Indeed so. Human memory is incredibly fallible and suggestible.  









 It is less than helpful as a description. Interestingly enough, eye-witness descriptions of attackers are often useless unless there's some very distinguishing trait about them, or there's already a suspect in mind. 









 all countries (or empires, or kingdoms, or whatever came before those) change over time. I mean, the america of 2015 is not one that most americans from 1800 would really recognize or connect with, in terms of policy or stance.  




 Every generation always assume it'll be the last, and the world just keeps on ticking. 




 Indeed. Plus, either scenario is possible, at this point. Only further investigation by the police can determine what actually happened and piece together the events leading up to it. 




 Tori amos has alot of really clever lyrics, but my favorite is Jackie's strength:

    a bouvier till her wedding day
    shots rang out and the police came
    mama layed me on the front lawn
    and prayed for jackies strength
    feeling old by 21
    never thought my day would come
    my bridesmaids getting laid
    i pray for jackies strength

It always struck me as a particularly elegant narrative device. 




 People will do any drug in a recreational way. Poison's in the dose, and all that. 




 hah, indeed. 









 And i'd bet money we'll be around at least another 200 years, in some form or another.  




 Spartacus died in 71 BC; the roman empire persisted centuries after he died.  




 if we take the start of the roman empire as 509 BC (with the start of the republic) and then the fall as 476 AD (fall of the western roman empire), then it lasted about 900 years. If we include the eastern roman empire, it lasted until 1453 - giving a total run of about 1900 years. 

I'll take that kind of longevity if i can get it. 




 How quickly people change their minds about the IMF when it says what they want to hear. 




 Incredibly enough, i found that replacing AE2 with Project E was net-beneficial for the server over a long period of time:

1. People didn't feel a need to "hold onto" literally millions of cobble /sand/gravel/etc for no discernible reason

2. People didn't have enormous AE systems running 24/7 dealing with enormous feed stock inputs and processing systems. I did not realize how much of a drag on a server this was until we didn't have to deal with it anymore.

We just dumped stuff into the ProjectE network and pulled stuff out as necessary. It totally liberated us from the enormous drag of the usual midgame (or, as i like to call it "build giant quarries and enormous mob traps, then profit!"). 

The end effect was pretty much identical to AE ("oh, i need 1024 diamonds...better pull those out of storage!") but without any of the overhead or annoyances of the AE-type systems. 

It's not for everyone (and notably, i think most servers would want to turn off the automatic generation of points) but it definitely was very enjoyable and very liberating when we did it.  




 Yep. I'm sure in a few years it'll change (for certain if by some dark miracle a republican gets elected, suddenly being ultra-liberal will be hip again on reddit) 









 I think "contrarian" is probably the best way to describe reddit. Whatever's edgy is what reddit likes. 




 sounds like a crime of opportunity. Hopefully the DNA evidence turns up something. 









 It's certainly possible. 




 I would use "kidnapping" loosely until more information is found. This case could be more complex than it appears. 




 odd enough when we would interact with girls (there were a few who raided with us and a single one in the guild for a few months, with her husband) he treated them fine, if a bit distant. I never saw him do anything dickish and never heard any complaints or anything (and at least 2 of the girls we ran with would have said something, i'd think) 




 let alone having them die by foul play like this...just awful. 




 If two people are in a house, and one of'ems dead and well hidden and the other is found safe a few states away - it's a safe bet the one who's alive had a hand in the death of the other. 




 i always do mail.google.com - it's weird how different people do the same thing. 




 having a functional self-improving general-purpose AI would basically blow the lid off any kind of ability to even *try* to predict the future or long-term outcomes. It'd be the absolute definition of transformative. 




 A person murdered and then burned, and they only rate a few paragraphs of news, complete with this awful addition:

Brown said several items were recovered at the scene that may prove useful as evidence. Other than that, investigators have little to go on.

absolutely awful. 














 Wonder what the deal is, then; all the updated news reports are scarce on details. 




 There's not one in North Dakota - but there are 4 in wisconsin! 

 




 We weren't no casuals. 




 I'm a staunch proponent of the death penalty - and i should hope this asshole qualifies for it.

that said i think lethal injection is inhumane, and we should instead use firing squads or something because they are more reliable and less likely to go wrong. 




 Really weird situation all around. Hopefully it's resolved soon and the daughter's found, at least.  




 Indeed so. Either this was a very stupid criminal - or it didn't go down exactly as described.  




 for what it's worth, the other 20 people in the guild thought he was a lunatic on the topic, and we'd go out of our way to warn people about it to avoid problems.  




 I'm a pretty hardcore fallout fan, but i really could give a shit if it's vault boy or vault girl on my pip boy/girl, so long as i can shoot things and hunt slavers in the wasteland. 




 no joke: I played an MMO with a dude who was, 99% of the time, totally great. Real team player, friendly as the day is long, self-sacrificing to help other people. Top-Notch human being, he'd keep playing on raids and shit till he *passed out on the keyboard* rather than let the team down.

but then there was the 1% of the time that that girls + games came up, and he went completely off the deep end. His attitude was exactly that girls played games for attention, unfairly benefited from attention, and generally should be avoided for the sake of a good experience. 

Trying to talk to him about it was like talking to a brick wall, so after a while we all just learned to ignore it/never bring it up. 




 When deputies arrived just before 3:30 p.m., several friends and neighbors were already at the home. One of the neighbors had entered the residence through an unsecured window 

Nice of the neighbors to *totally fuck the crime scene up*.

Very curious what the suspicious facebook posts are like, but couldn't find anything on them.   














 indeed, i gotta think most people could not survive a full thread. 




 someone should devise an /r/news cop-shooting thread drinking game.  




 I'm not questioning the official version of events, but it does seem, shall we say, unlikely that someone would walk up to a group of 5 bikers and demand the keys to a bike while pointing a gun at them.

For one thing, how would the would-be thief make his escape? he has to get onto the bike and turn it on, and that would likely entail turning away from the bikers to do so.  




 Give me your keys, said the man, pointing a .380 caliber handgun, cops said.

If that's an accurate depiction of events, the corrections officer must have been very confident and very fast to draw down and fire with that kind of accuracy before the other guy could return fire at him.  









 i mean really i don't know what people think SHOULD happen, here; they literally hounded a human being until they killed themselves. If that's not a crime, then crime has on meaning as a concept. 




 Riptide is absolutely terrifying to me as a concept. You know that movie, Abyss? With the aliens that controlled water? I thought that was terrifying when i was a kid, because those water things could attack you under water and you'd have no chance against them. They would blend in perfectly, be totally invisible, and strike without warning.

Riptide is like that in real life. 














 i ain't afraid of sharks in the ocean - the rate of attack is very very low and they typically are not fatal attacks (though quite serious, as in this case where they both lost limbs!).

I don't swim in the ocean because of all the OTHER shit that can get you. Jelly fish, sting rays, sharp coral, etc. best to just stay in the pool. 




 I really like this, very stark. 




 I hope the people who harassed her get brought up on hate crime charges and the school brought up on discrimination charges. Make the next district so afraid of the consequences that any talk of it's crushed instantly. 




 Highly irregular to have ANY shark attacks, let alone two separate ones.  









 The worst part is she still had vital signs when they got her to the hospital - so they were grievously injured, but still breathing, when found. Must have made it incredibly traumatic.  




 Good grief! My brother had a smith and wesson with a trigger pull about that - i can't imagine pulling that thing without serious intent, let alone accidentally!  




 Yep. The only time i touch the trigger of my gun is when i'm firing it, or when i'm decocking it (and even then only when its pointed in a safe, controlled direction). 

There's only two parts of a gun that can hurt someone: the muzzle and the trigger. If people stay the fuck away from both, no one gets hurt. that simple. 




 That's a lot of misfortune in a short amount of time. It's good someone was there to help him when he got to the breaking point.  




 There's a few tricks.

First rule is to remember FORD, which is great for any situation: 

1. Family/Friends
2. Occupation (fuckers love talking about their job/profession)
3. Recreation (what do they like to do for fun?)
4. Dreams (What do they want to be doing?) 

Second rule is to remember GRAPES, which should never be talked about in polite company:

1. Guns
2. Religion
3. Abortion
4. Politics
5. Economics
6. Sexuality

Third rule is: Always have a smile. Act like you're having a grand time even if it's boring as fuck. People like happy people, even if it's a facade.

Fourth rule: Observe them closely. This takes practice, but over time you can gauge out how their reacting to you and adjust accordingly.  




 Yep. blockbuster's probably wasn't video rentals, it was their entire business model and their entire management structure. They'd have just mis-managed netflix into the dirt.

 




 basically, when using a weapon like this, you can choke up on the head to use the top of it for strikes. that'd require whoever used it to have some training/know how and i'm not sure they would, of course. 




 Don't gotta chop through the door, just have to break the hinges or the lock (whichever is easiest). It'd be pretty fast, but not as fast as a battering ram or a shotgun. 




 [There was a scandal about this around six months ago](http://fox8.com/2015/01/29/how-much-first-aid-training-does-cleveland-provide-its-police-officers-i-team-investigation/)

From the article:

Akron, Columbus, and Cleveland all offer 12 hours of first-aid training to their academy recruits. Thats mandated by the state of Ohio. By comparison, Boston said its recruits receive 40 hours of first-aid training, and Pittsburgh said its recruits receive 56 hours.

Even more damning:

Boston also said its officers must be re-certified in first-aid skills during various times during their careers. Pittsburgh said officers there receive refresher courses every two years.

Ive been a police officer for 22 years, Loomis said, and we had one in-service training (in Cleveland) in 2009.

the tl;dr is: Cleveland has absolute shit for first aid training for it's cops, and it is not surprising they had no clue how to handle a gunshot wound.  




 hey look, it's a rich guy telling everyone what's wrong with the world. That's worked out so well in the past, we should SURELY listen to him, right?  




 It totally baffles me - i mean, seriously i am *confused*, here - who would keep their finger on the trigger once they were off target. It's absolutely against everything i have ever learned about firearms handling.  









 This is 100% a human error problem. No excuse for it. 




 but how would you keep the oceans from pouring down onto the overworld?  




 Yep. I've never seen an accidental shooting that could not have been prevented. This is no different. The gun should have been kept secured, and the owner should have *maintained control over it*. 

Absolutely tragic and absolutely avoidable. 
























 That's pretty cunning, really. The risk is you'd get a lot of false positives, but still, that's probably one of the better ways to locate drug abusers.  




 Politicians have to beg for money; judges just tell you how much they want and take it.  




 If it came down to a vote for jeb bush or the Zombie of Stalin with running mate Vampire Hitler, i'd vote for the undead. You should always vote for the lesser evil. 




 Japan's navy is not going to go light up a sovereign country over destroyed property. They'd just cry to the UN like everyone else. 




 It would in fact be perfectly legal for them to pass a law where they executed the fishermen. The saudis behead people for less, to say nothing of the *really* rough countries like indonesia.  




 you keep saying "rule of law" but you don't seem to understand this *is*, by very definition, the rule of law. Their a sovereign country and can pass whatever laws they like. 

Not everywhere is america or has the same values as america. 




 We actually didn't even have organized, 24-hour municipal police in america until around the late 1830's. Prior to that it was a system of constables and night watchmen. 




 Bet that'd be a real bastard to dig out of someone in the ER. 

I've actually considered getting some and running a 50/50 mix of these with FMJ's in my 9mm.  




 that central dome looks like shit, the entire painting has a weird, bent feel to it, the plants look like an over-grown abandoned lot, and the artist has no eye for light. 

It ain't something a first-grader would do, but it's not something i'd expect from a professional, either. 




 there's lots of legitimate uses for armored vehicles (among other things, valuables transport and security uses).  




 Those things are, literally, life-savers.  




 The problem with having 10,000 hitler clones isn't the ham-handed attempts at world takeovers (they always bog down in russia) or the genocidal tendencies (no one's falling for *that* trick again); it's the god-awful paintings everywhere.  




 actually now genitals are not only part of dwarf fortress, but "gelding blows" are a legit thing in fights.  




 That is correct, from my understanding. This is fucking appalling. The guy shouldn't have been on the streets in the first place. 




 [Here's another article from china about it, with more pictures](http://www.whatsonxiamen.com/news39191.html) - the more i look into this the weirder it gets. It's like there's absolutely *zero* mention in any us media source i can find about this. 

I'm just baffled at this point. 
















































































































































