 original guide? 




 Holy Fuck! I have a friend with that last name. Oh myy. 




  oh i was assuming it was $60

It says on the box. It is easy to see. It is on the top of the box. http://www.bestbuy.ca/multimedia/Products/500x500/103/10341/10341740.jpg 




 At walmart it is $40 new with code. How much did it cost a Gamestop? 




 That is exactly what I was wondering... 




 Nerd3 crashed the site! I didn't know of the game before him. I would like the fans to know we are sorry! xD 




 Outer Wilds even! 




 No DLC if pre-owned. Even if the person didn't use them. I only saw New Day One at walmart. TBH You should probably take it in a get your money back, then save a little to get the preorder bonus if you want it.  




 Pick me! 




 I didn't preorder, I didn't have the money at the time, I really wanted the exclusives. I got them, legit, here is how. If you don't have the game yet, great, if you do, you need some extra money. Anyway here's the point. At Walmart, because they don't know how games work, you can still get the Day 1 edition! The code works too! It is valid until 2099, so you'll be fine.

EDIT: Sorry! Only console!! :(
 




 You know why he did this? To show her that he had been wanting to marry her for a fucking year. Every day, no matter what he loves her and cares for her. If you view this as messed up you need a marriage counselor... 




 If a man has 60s. And receives a flair, has he reached the nirvana beyond humanity? I believe so. 




 NG+? 




 Show them reddit. Damn, I'm going to die... 




 Have a wide variety of games. Would love to play with anyone and everyone. My steam is the same as my reddit. 




 Damn, I wonder what the incest in that will be like. 




 /r/softwaregore 




 Well, there was obviously an error in the card randomization am I correct? 




 Well, by Wallgreen's I mean non-gaming shops. 









 Probably. 




 It confuses my simple mind. 




 When you get a pack at a non-gaming store, like Walmart or Target it comes in a cardboard container. The container has these tear able flaps. What are they for? Does anyone know? 




 Oh, that makes a lot of sense. Thanks for telling me. This will help me a lot. xD 




 We've all seen these messages, but can someone explain to me what they mean 




 Yep, because there sure were lots of black people in medieval times. Don't even get me started on how many important roles females had! That post is like saying 12 Years a Slave is racist because there was slavery. 




 The swipe and the hand laser always gets me. I roll into that small pit that is impossible to see. 




 My tip is just avoid it. The game gets even harder when you beat gravity. 




 [Spoiler:](/s "Mine is definitely Old Iron King. He IS an easy boss, but the terrain is so odd you roll in to lava every time to try to fight him. All the semi-invisible lava pits make it a lot harder than it should be.") 




 How many souls in total you have. You can only meet people within a certain range of your SM so you don't get invaded by lvl 100's when your'e lvl 33 




 My SM is 373337 and I need help pm me on reddit or add me as MoonChap on psn 




 Sent  




 Yes please,  I finally finished the wharf and an now on lost bastille  




 My soul thing is 214407 




 I posted my soul memory above in the original post and I don't really know what to do next. :P I have beat the first 4 bosses but now I'm stuck. 




 I need help on DS2. Right now my total soul count is 135000. MSG me if you can help. 




 Really dick of me, I know, very sorry 




 Sorry, but I got involved in a stream (http://www.twitch.tv/last_grey_wolf). It's almost over will check then. 




 Why are people talking about bumper stickers related to god in a restaurant that sells [fried chicken](http://www.churchs.com/)? 




 That's flippin awesome! 




 Don't mean to be a dick but this should be on /r/badcopnodoughnut  









 When you expect it to be a gif so you wait for 5 minutes for it to load... I should have checked what subreddit it was posted to. 




 My PC is really old and apparently doesn't support VM. It is confusing me as how does it not? How to hardware limitations not let me run VM. Also, is there any way I can make it run? 




 Sometimes after a road trip at night my wife licks the bugs of the grill and while they are in her mouth she blows me. The scary thing is, when I posted complete bullshit, you didn't even question it. This thread has changed me.  




 [This](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monty_Hall_problem#Simple_solutions)
is what gave me the logic. I am not sure it would be applicable here though. 




 I believe B has a 75% chance of being right. He knew that to begin with he had a 50% chance of being right, or 2/4. Then he knew A was red and that he only had a 1/4 chance of being red, and a 3/4 chance of being blue. Prisoner C also had a 75% chance of being red since when B left, who was blue, he knows there is only one more blue. so the 50% became 75%. Correct me if I'm wrong 




 So sad, please don't. 









 I have spent a lot more time on Isaac. My steam may be fucked up. idk 




 Wasn't able to get on internet for a long while so was playing in offline mode. Once I played the game in online it updated all my achivements. 




 lol, thanks. I made it when I was a little kid for some browser game and I just kept using it. 









 Okay, will take. Thanks. :) 




 As Azazel, (non-seeded) I got mom's knife first item room and took it. Now the deal with the devil is scythe tears. Will it override mom's knife or make the knives spin? Anyone know? 




 The upcoming expansion.  




 Nope. The principal keeps phones forever if they are out. Don't risk it. 




 Damn dude! You gf got ripped off. I think the "aquarium" is a toy fish and a blanket! 




 I can't take a picture because no phones in school. So I drew it in MS PAINT. Every classroom has one blue wall now. Why? 




 Cell. He was definitely the most interesting. All his forms just made him creepy and more in-human than some of the other villains. 




 It was a Cloverfield done right in my opinion. It has the scares, suspense, everything you need. It is inspired slightly bi Slenderman but really added most of the iconic Slender things like the noise when he's around, the static, many other things I won't spoil. Its great but expect the spoops. :D 




 What do you mean? 




 Windows 7. It popped up an install thing and it worked fine. I don't know why it isn't working. Did you use a torrent? I downloaded mine on the same disc from my childhood. 














 Reddit: Discussing whether or not a window is high. 




 Hello, I would like to enter in the giveaway if still possible. My current mousepad is some mousepad from 6 years ago that came with a vista laptop if i remember right. I would love this: http://cinematrices.files.wordpress.com/2010/10/vlcsnap-02225.jpg
as a mouse pad because it is from one of my favorite movies. (The Final Sacrifice) If the resolution is not right, I would not care if the image was stretched or had black bars. Thanks! 




 wait. what did i do. I tried to make a serious comment and ended up making odd slidey bar thing. What. 




     Is hooked in incredibly dangerous and addictive drug that could kill the user any day and finally gets off drug.
    Gets mocked on internet by someone who has no experience with the drug and how addictive and terrible it is.

Dick move OP, Dick move you filthy, scumbag OP.
I hope you enjoy your fucking reddit gold. 




 The dollar store gloves. :) 




 More like Bad Luck Brian? 




 It can run AA games. If I put it on the lowest setting and mod the hell out of it. 




