 it costs like 20 bucks 




 it's actually extremely healthy and extremely helpful for recovery/reenergizing your body 




 It's actually incredibly useful for recovery and energy. Have a place like that in my town, used it before and after every game last year. It's insane how much spring you get in your step 




 Ive said it before, I'll say it again: Mike Miller is going to be huge these first two games. He'll spread the floor offensively and he can guard Mirotic or Dunleavy. I know his shot has been off when he's played this season, but he is a playoff performer. Look out for MikeMillMadeIt come Monday 




 Am a white kid from Texas who didn't have the daddy money to buy a car with. Can confirm. Nobody actually cared about anything if it didnt have to do with them. The reason I listen to the kind of rap that actually says something about life is bc i have no clue what that life is like. I actually wrote a paper about it this semester, and I just basically like seeing life from different perspectives and trying to understand from a distance what people are going through bc i have no idea what that life is like. 
Anyway, I'd like to apologize for the jackasses who didnt give a shit. All us white kids aren't like that, I promise.  




 Bless you 




 Thank you! :D 




 must be 




 I thought it was clever. I'm sorry, reddit :'( 




 http://imgur.com/33e5gfR 




 This brought a tear to my eye. Thanks, Kev.  




 *hole 




 I dont want this theory to hinge on Bruce pulling something Batman-ish out of his ass. I think Nolan showed Selina Kyle in that scene just to mess with the audience and make us question everything we just saw, exactly like the end of Inception. I just find it extremely hard to believe that Bruce either got the bomb out far enough from the city and somehow escaped the blast radius himself in that small amount of time, or used the auto pilot to take the bomb out which would mean that everything we see of him in the aircraft is fake. Just doesnt make sense. Makes a lot more sense for him to sacrifice himself to protect the city he has dedicated his life to protect and for Nolan to throw Bruce and Selina in that last scene just to fuck with us. For me, that was Alfred seeing what he always wished he would see every time he went there. Completely in his head.  




 No, the ship was not put in autopilot. It simply said the auto pilot had been fixed.  




 That Bruce Wayne is alive and Alfred actually saw him at the restaurant in Paris. Bruce Wayne died. He sacrificed himself for the city, as it was always intended. What Alfred saw is what he always hoped to see when he went there. That's what that scene meant. He was, once again, seeing what he wanted. But Bruce died. Period.  




 I just hope he has to deal with that disgustingly thin "goatee" for the rest of his life. talk about shame 




 Always imagine this track playing behind a video of like slow-mo phantom cam nba highlights. The beat just reminds of somethin like that. cant explain why 




 No. Just saying that he has the ability to defend guys like mirotic, as i said, and spread the floor offensively for Kyrie and Lebron. It's really not that hard of a concept to grasp 




 Ocean's 11, 12, and 13. But mostly 11 




 Guarantee Miles Teller will win one. He's going to develop into a phenomenal actor 




 YES. AGREED. THANK YOU 




 Iman Shumpert is expected to play well. Mike Miller isn't. Therefore, him playing well is the unexpected X factor.  




 I promise I'm not! Just watch. He'll come up big in this next series 




 Mike Miller is the X factor in our playoff run from here on out. I saw it in Miami, I see it now. If he can hit 3's like he has in playoffs of old and if he can defend like he has in the past, he's a game changer. He is a guy who has been through it all before with Lebron and knows where he needs to be at critical points in a game. He's 6 foot 8 so he can guard some 4's who tend to stay outside (mirotic, for example) and he can rebound the ball too. If Blatt actually plays him, he can genuinely affect games.  




 Why can I only see the To Pimp A Butterfly album cover when I look at pictures of these protests? 




 More optimistic about our chances in the East? Absolutely! At winning a title? Not so much. If Kevin indeed tore his labrum and has tendon damage, he might not be back at all. Especially since he would be banging that shoulder in the post all game. and ESPECIALLY since he can be a free agent. I just don't know if we can beat, say the warriors, without him. If he can play (and chooses to) i 100% think we can win it all. but he has to play 




 We can beat either team without Kevin. Neither team is playing well and both have weak points. Guys, I'm excited 




 Heat beat the post-heavy Pacers without Bosh. Cavs can win without Love. Gonna be tough and it'll take everything Lebron and Kyrie have, but it can be done 




 Didn't he sign like a 6 movie deal? Cap 3 would be number 5... 




 Mike Mill is gettin pt this series. Lebron knows who he is in the playoffs (game 5 in '12, 7 3's, shoeless 3 against the spurs) and he's is gonna make sure he plays. The only issue i see is our starting lineup. we have to match pau and noah so tt and moz have to start. cant spread the floor with that. so we have to wait for the bulls to put a smaller guy in before we can have a lineup that suits our strengths. in other words, we cant make the first move. we'll be adjusting to what they do instead of the other way around. still think we got em tho 




 Hopefully Leron doesn't throw up clankers for 3 quarters before he realizes he can just drive past anybody and score. But if anyone can get it done, it's Lebron and Kyrie 




 Yeah Kevins mad. He's playing as soon as possible. and losing JR isn't going to be huge for however many games it ends up being. I think we'll see a lot of Mike Miller next series and a lot more post up Lebron. I'm not worried about this series honestly because we have all the pieces to win. If guys like James Jones, Mike Miller, Kyrie, And Shump all hit shots, we'll be fine. Plus, I don't trust DRose to do anything 




 Hahahah yo that's hilarious. That's how it was for that Heat team against the Hawks too. But yeah, things are different now. Winning this next series with injuries and suspensions will just cement his legacy tho 




 basketball reference.com. literally showed it on screen during the game. in the NBA, when a dislocated shoulder is listed as the cause of injury to a player, the average number of games missed is 27 games. However, I am not saying Kevin will be out for 27 games. I am saying that, on average, that's how many games are missed by players during the regular season. and yes, if there's no ligament or tendon damage then of course it wont be that long.  




 Average games missed by NBA players with same injury: 27 games.  




 This is the dumbest comment in this whole thread.  




 this is fucking atrocious 




 agreed 




 bend him over a table 




 james jones is fucking terrible today. get him out of the damn game 




 you clearly didnt watch him the past 5 years. Especially last year in memphis. dude locked people down for long stretches of games. and again, you clearly dont know mike miller. he could shoot 0 for 500 in the regular season and come into a playoff game and go 7 for 7. he is a big game, big shot maker 




 MIKE MILLER AND SHAWN MARION NEED TO BE PLAYING IN THIS GAME. MIKE IS A 3 AND D GUY AND MATRIX IS A SLASHER/POST UP GUY EHO DEFENDS AND REBOUNDS. I DONT UNDERSTAND 




 This game is hard to watch at best. So much settling and stupid shots and isolations and bad defense and fouls and im sad now 









 Surgeon was like http://imgur.com/gZu0LPL 




 This man is wearing jeans. Walter Hartwell White wore khaki pants. I am not convinced 




 hahaha this is gold.  




 Still no. Just because they are boobs, doesn't mean the person with them is attractive.  




 THANK YOU. She is supposed to be the most unattainable woman on the planet for the nerdy kid. That's what makes it so awesome when he wins her over. COME ON PEOPLE.  




 Woah there bud. Lets take a chill pill. With a little research, you too can find the pictures of him on set actively filming a scene in his costume and make up without a big ass tattoo on his forehead! Woohoo! The internet is awesome! In the words of Walter White, "Fuck you, and your eyebrows!" ass.  




 Yes! I feel the same way! I loved the original ones at the time but upon comparison I thought Garfield was just more spiderman like 




 Let me clarify, the acting wasn't bad. But Spiderman wasn't convincing. Like somebody said farther down the comments, Tobey was a better Peter Parker but the Garfield guy was a better spiderman. I just didnt like the spiderman depicted 




 Exactly 




 Yes, she wasn't hot. Just cause she's soaked and her tits are showing doesn't make her hot. MJ is supposed to be an unattainable level of hotness. She, clearly, is not.  




 Jerry Maguire:
Miles Teller as Jerry
Emma Stone as Dorothy
Anthony Mackie as Rod
Margot Robbie as Avery
Channing Tatum as Cushman
Tom Hiddleston as Bob Sugar
 




 Holy shit. Why is this not a movie yet 




 He doesnt have the tats in the movie. that was just for the promo pic 




 "How many.. of your friends... have I killed?"
"Would you like to know.. which of them were cowards?" 




 Fight Club. Like, it was okay. I guess when it was released it was probably a big twist-at-the-end thing people hadnt really seen before (speculation cause i have no clue. im 19) but I just didn't get the hype.  




 I thought Garfields version was much more Spiderman-like than Tobey's.  




 Acting was bad. MJ wasn't hot. Only thing good about it was the villain. 

Let the roasting commence.  




 Yeah thats cool, but how is that end result achieved? 




 HAHAHAHAH AMERICAN PSYCHO!!! PATRICK BATEMAN IN THE FLESH!! HE HACKS HIS FACE IN WITH AN AXE TO "IN THE AIR TONIGHT" SHORTLY AFTER 




 A Few Good Men and Jerry Maguire are his two favorite. Pretty much slips a line from each one into conversation every day. I also love those movies, probably because of him 




 Azizi Gibson, anybody have any good stuff? I know Claustrophobia and Backward Books, but that's it. Really feelin the beats to those two 




 I encourage all daughters to kiss they mothers, with those lips that all that lipstick covers, you're never too grown up to miss and hug her 




 Yo, this is Drakes song. Not a verse from Ross's song. He put his out way earlier and Ross asked for it 




 Exactly what I was thinking. Dude always looks so pissed off at those people.  




 Well, correct me if I'm misinformed, but I believe a clock operator is the guy who operates the damn clock so fuck you and your sarcasm, dumb idiot. 

Archer voice, obviously 




 Selfie. bae. thats all 









 rekt 




 But how? 




 Confirmed.  




  (   )  




 (   )
     




 There is no better sound in sports than a perfect swish 




 but but but... where are the scars???  I WANNA KNOW HOW HE GOT THE SCARS 




 thanks fam 




 Hey can somebody post the post game interviews for those of us in a college dorm with no NBA TV...... 




 He said "I packed it" one time too haha 




 HAHAHAH HYPE TRAIN 




 Read that in Dave Francos voice from neighbors when he's doin that impression with jigsy cat 




 Holy fuck. That was incredible. That's gonna be an Oscar worthy Johnny Depp performance 




 LoL 




 Anybody know when some new Drake is coming out? Seems like pretty soon would be a good time since he is trying to recover from the bad reviews he got about his Coachella sets.  




 Kate Beckinsale, here here 









 That would be the sickest thing ever. Loved Treasure Planet when i was a youngin 




 http://i.imgur.com/qh56qoH.jpg 




 get outta here. he didnt give him a chance to land. look at the feet 




 Sallgood, man 




 Lebrons gotta step up next half. Been playin like hes been to 4 straight finals and is tired or something..... 




 I think that half showed how important JR making shots is for our offense. If he isn't hitting, our spacing is bad and we go iso and settle for stupid shots way too much.   




 Lead at the half.  upvotes for everybody 




 well fuck me. im too filled with rage to realize we said the same thing. apologies fam 




 he looks lost 




 No, he's either settling or too passive. He's driving to pass, not to score. which is infuriating.  




 oh god. she's younger than me. oh god oh god oh god. does this mean i have a chance?!??? 




 Some of that Inception, city turning over on itself stuff was dope too 




 I feel like this is an understood thing about the movie.  




 This song will forever be in any top 5 drake list. gold 




