 It looks like everything is out of stock at the moment, but keep refreshing the page and be quick to order once it comes in stock 









 Can I ask what a yearly home entertainment loan is? 




 Did they not offer relocation compensation?  




 I used to work at the Riverside Intl Auto Museum, we had one if those 8C's. Thing was awesome

http://i.imgur.com/CxZ9hIIl.jpg

 




 Someone skipped legs day 




 10/10 would carve 




 Thanks for the feedback 




 Thank you! 




 Not very. Although there are regulations in place, the majority of bluefin caught are still juveniles and countries rarely abide by the catch-limitations set by the ICCAT 




 I am a graduate student at the University of San Francisco. My group is trying to gather some data from the general public about their eating habits regarding tuna, as well as their willingness to pay to preserve this species. We are trying to get as many responses as possible in the next 2 weeks.

You can take the survey here:

http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/7L8CK6H

Thank you! 




 I am a graduate student at the University of San Francisco. My group is trying to gather some data from the general public about their eating habits regarding tuna, as well as their willingness to pay to preserve this species. We are trying to get as many responses as possible in the next 2 weeks.

You can take the survey here:

http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/7L8CK6H

Thank you! 




 Wouldn't "Wilson" be a bull, not a cow? 




 As someone currently on Yolobus #39, can confirm 




 Who would win in a fight tho 




 "Hey honey I'm going to go get some milk and eggs! See you tomorrow" 




 So did you tell your brother? 




 Why the fuck are you talking about crack when your original post was about doing an "ungodly" amount of cocaine?  




 Why are you being downvoted? It's totally not feasible to smoke/snort/inject 42 grams of coke in a few hours and live to tell about it... 




 Is that like a serious crime or something? I can understand getting in a little bit of trouble but taking something like that to court seems a little over the top... 




 ITT apparently the majority of redditors are butchers  




 You should have hidden the thumbnail 




 State worker here. Contrary to popular belief, I actually do work. Please disregard the fact that I am commenting on askreddit threads at 2pm on a Monday  




 Orange is the New Black. I think it's the song... 




 He's just sleeping... 




 Frontside boardslide 




 Ex-fianc I hope 




 He just took bullshitting to a new level 




