 Thanks for the cents! We are looking for an AG recipe. Looking to pick up from our local HB store. Any tips for using actual berries either in the secondary or flame out or in any capacity at all? Wondering how to best achieve those flavors. cheers.  














 a hole in the sky or saturns rings melting off 




 Depends on the mood. If im super stoned I will listen to very laid back chillwave esc electronic. I am not unknown to listen to 80s RnB with friends and have the occasional dance party. Love me some 60s   70s classic rock. Huge Rush and Moody Blues fan. Classical music is also super cool. Steve Reich to Bruckner-its all awesome. 




 Me and some friends were lucky enough to be there for this when they filmed it. They played through the tune like 6 times and each time it got better. As a trumpet player, I was super impressed that their trumpeter had the chops to play like that 6+ times. They ended up playin us some other fun stuff at the end. These dudes are crazy good and super fun! Real deal 




 Wow never done that. I'm sure it tasted lovely! 




 Time for a grandfather blunt sir! 




 so if you marijuana whilst sleeping? 




 Take my money 




 cut me some FRIGGEN SHLACK!!! 




 Got home at 2am and smoked. Cleaned my room to some music [7] and when I woke up I totally forgot I cleaned my messy-ass hovel of a bedroom. It was immaculate. Surprise to my [0] self. 




 im about to watch Spirited Away. Any Miyazaki is the right move though.  




 I'm so sorry man 




 This played out at my last physical.  




 Been training to become a tokemon master  




 Record Business. yes. people still buy music. me included! 




 i do that also.  




 what pieces were you playin?? Woke up once for a recording session with my WE still stoned from the night before and I somehow made it through.  




 smoking with friends outside makes me forget about the cold. We talk and its easy to not worry about weather and just focus on conversation. Otherwise, when I am alone, just dress warm, light my j and enjoy being with my thoughts. I did go to school where it averaged 0 degrees during the winter months so I have some training. Good luck! 




 great soundtrack. This reminds me a lot of some Phillip Glass operas. Check out Satyagraha if you like the Interstellar score. 

Unrelated to Glass, Steve Reichs Music for 18 Musicians is phenomenal. You will certainly go places if you listen to that above a [4] 




 and then hit the vape? [7] 




 Smash bros is a staple for us. Always love messing around in GTA. Others include Age of Empires II, Harry Potter   The Chamber of Secrets on PC and not a video game but Settlers of Catan is awesome. Anything open world!  




 this is fucking incredible. I have been listening to The Moody Blues since I was a kid, maybe 8 or 9. This song is something that has been left unheard by me in a long long long long time.  




