 I'm up for it. 




 The concept of plane blowing that is. 




 It's a great concept, however i heard that Valve's policy is highly against such maps due to 911 stuff.
I would love to see this idea realized. 




 READ:
Before you go and say this is the wrong sub-reddit - I am not asking about mapping questions, i am asking about CS:GO maps in general. The user database here is larger, thus i can get more feedback on my projects. This IS related to CS:GO.
----

Hello! I'm a relatively new map maker. You might remember me from my crappy little teasers such as.. de_russka port, de_oasis, de_nuke remake and so on back and forth.
I come down to be very nit-picky and specific when it comes to how players accept new maps and how maps accept new players, and i find it important for the experience to be enjoyable. Here's a few questions to all of you dear CS:GO pros/players/noobs.

1. When players talk about "new" maps, they wan't to see something "new". If so, could you point out specifically what new mechanics/dynamics would you like to see in maps besides boost spots, mid control ETC? Maybe buttons to turn off lights? Anything.

2. Do you find new maps less attractive gameplay wise than the old 1.6/Source maps? Do you think the map should stand a test of time to become acceptable?

3. What feature do you think makes the new CS:GO maps different from 1.6/Source maps gameplay wise?

4. What does CS:GO maps lack gameplay wise in comparison to 1.6/Source?

5. Do you think that mid makes the map more acceptable to new players, or not?

6. What do you think would make a new maps different from each other more?

I will be very thankful for any feedback, i do not necessarily need the answers to ALL of these questions, but i would like some/any feedback to collect data and make new maps more enjoyable. Thank you!
 




 Your neighbors sitting under your desk using a wireless keyboard :P 




 Do you have in any-case installed Teamviewer? Teamviewer allows to control computer remotely. Also, i would suggest to possibly use VPN.
(I'm not tech-savvy too so don't blame me D:) 




 With some rough chin. 




 In 1.6 you were able to kill someone with HE grenade through thin walls/doors (R.I.P de_dust2 wooden doors), i think having explosion properties through certain materials would be pretty nice. 




 That means don't buy anything at all. That's the only way to ECO. If you are spending money, that is not economical. Especially on later rounds when enemies buy kevlar/armor, SMG's become practically useless. 




 On Source, if you kill someone you die the next round. I wonder how it would fit into CS:GO scene. 




 There are several clip textures, the basic "clip" for everything, "player clip" so that grenades and stuff can pass but the player can't and the "prop clip" is the one that does not allow props / grenades to pass.
Sorry for misleading a bit! :P

Good luck. 




 I guess the weirdest way would be to add prop clipping brush at water level, so grenades bounce off water? :P 




 Did i say anything about useful appliance in matchmaking? Nope.
For fun. 




 Fixed. :P 




 In my language Guma - Bubble gum, apparently in Polish it also means condom. 




 Great findings! I hope this is true. 




 When i saw the demo and looked at some frags they looked pretty weird, but that's just because the demo is glitchy, thus why i wrote "I was unsure". I never said he was walling or anything like that, the phrase "Overwatch pls" is just a joke about silly players reporting for skillful shots.
 




 Cause he's got swag. 




 So i checked it out, pretty interesting.
It seems like you had a good layout and theme idea, but still lack a few elements.
As good as it looks at the moment, it lacks visibility, which is a very important aspect in CS:GO.
Here's a few things you could do -
Slightly turn up light_environment brightness. (For non-mappers - visual brightness)
Add lamps/lights at entrances to highlight important parts of the map. Valve used this lighting method to lead players where they have to go in Half-Life 2.
Add tarps and planks to cover ground-level elements, such as crates barrels ETC.

A little minor thing... Increase the texture size on skybox displacements... It looks very repetitive.

Other than that i found no problems, seems like a potential map! 




 Let's add building size tarps so we can see enemies clear! :P 




 On CSS de_nuke you were able to shoot fire extinguishers. After bomb exploded there was alarm too. 




 Please, don't. Don't monetize it.
Unless the money goes to Volvo 128 tick server hosting i doubt anyone is going to pay for it.
I'll leave this here:
aim_training_csgo (Workshop map)
nuke_silojump (Workshop map)
And there's plenty more!
This is not a way to start a discussion.
 




 Yes, it is totally possible! I would love to see something like that being utilized in competitive scene.

I will try whipping up a map. 




 This, is what still drives 1.6 without tournaments.
Amazing way to relief yourself from matchmaking. 




 These commands aren't new, however, backdoors in CS:GO are new.
 




 Well, that's new. Kind of reminds me of 1.6 viruses through MOTD. 




 Well that's a good comeback, no problem.
And i do have a lot of free time.
 




 And what makes you think I'm 13 years old? (By the way, spaces)
I didn't post either my photos or age, so your argument is invalid. 




 Valve did a wrong move by making floor impossible to wallbang on A, so that's going away... 




 Your comment makes no sense. 




 Heat may not be very competitive suited, but it looks fuc**** amazing!
 




 You didn't even bother putting the L at the end. I guess that shows how much brain effort you put into discussions. 




 I will extend it. 




 Go back to 1.6, troll.
 




 Pay a bit attention to the floor. The screenshot has bad angle i guess, but simplicity is not a bad thing in Counter Strike. 




 It's a normal reaction and i fully understand you, CS scene needs some new competitive maps. This is not the only project on my list, so don't worry, good stuff is comming! :) 




 Unoriginal top comment wannabe No2. It was a funny joke, but you're not even trying. 




 Unoriginal top comment wannabe No1 




 You must be fun at parties. 




 Russka was scraped, as i was unable to go well with Brutes "fans".
Torn was delayed to future, as i still have no idea what layout direction i should go for. Oasis is on its way, its nearly finished i just have to give clipping, quality and bug pass. I'm glad someones interested though, thanks for asking. 









 Yeah. :( 














 Guys name is HipScripts. Yeaaa.. Right...
I still don't get it. 




 Gonna be that asshat.
Rank-up depends how well you have done during the match.
Surrendering allows you to end the game faster without hurting your K/D, but it counts as a loss.
If you surrender 2-3 times it's a derank anyways.

Source : Experience. 




 I'ts not easy to make a layout, but it's pretty basic from the ground up. Don't do the same mistake as i do, start detailing and then shifting the layout.

Take some paper and pencils and start drawing your layout, try to see where choke points meet. Check out Valves Clover-Loaf layout, it's basically how Dust2 works. In hammer try to see the rotation, bombsite times. 
Good luck, don't go for an easy grab. 




 Not that hard, I'd use mirage textures and mainly rely on brush-work. I've seen one mapper do that style, good idea. 




 xXxDoritosxXx :D 
 To be serious, i eat before or after the match. Having my stomatch work at the same time while i'm in intense situations can feel uneasy. I just have some water and prefferably chewing gum. 




 Think about what market means, is it urban market? Or is it country-side market?

I usually love to take references from real life, especially locations which you often visit. It makes it a lot easier to convey realism and achieve a good style!

I suggest you trying to do Iran based market place, of course there is a lot of dusty maps! But if you properly worked out as it was in BF3 you would get a stunning looking map. 




 Cubemaps in Source engine are not parallax corrected, which means that when you move they will move along you since they have no stationary information stored. In this VRAY demonstration it seems like either the reflections are parallax corrected or he is using different rendering methods.
Either way, take a look at this video to see what i mean -
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZH6s1hbwoQQ 




 You must be pretty out of place for this game then. 




 It looks more swag. Especially before that flashbang kill. 




 Can you tell us how you found this model/screenshot, if it existed in beta?
P.S - Does it have animations? 




 Not all Russians are bad, but oh god would this help so much. Especially when you get the retard ones. 




 That could be the case, i was sure i was far away from the wall tho! :P

One thing i could tell is that they all had min; 1 VAC bans on their accounts, and less than 60 hours on CS:GO. (They were from Russia too) Isn't that suspicious? 




 I actually tried stutter-stepping/fake peeking when one of them had AWP, i heard him miss the shot even though i didn't peek at all, that was a dead giveaway. Thanks for letting me know. 




 We did reported them, now I'm hoping for the best.
I just wish there was an live Overwatch, where players who have free time can check an on-going match and when at least 2-3 overwatchers verdict the same thing after the match it applies an instant ban. I guess it would work like spectating. 




 Does that benefit in any way? 









 This is the same bug as in De_Dust2, apparently it's not as common (Garage Bug). I think it happens because of how the Source engine works, the player spawns at 0,0,0 coordinates and gets assigned to a team and spawn, if you disconnect and join at unfortunate time i guess the spawn information is missing and you get a small chance of spawning at T spawn, as if you were assigned to Terrorist team.

Don't ask me i don't know, I'm just guessing. 




 wat 




 That's correct, for casual it's fun. At least they are free, that's what's good about them.  




 Overgrown is pretty good. 




 I'm not to sound like a hater, but what happened? Remember when we got these quality maps on Operations like Cache, Seaside? It seems like more and more map makers are focused on getting their maps on operation rather than gaining map longevity by making them more competitively viable?
For example, Black Gold - It would make a good map, but i tried playing it and even after 10 matches I'm still unable to navigate no matter what, all those pipes and railings, huge vertical changes made it impossible to play it competitively for me. Any time i peek a spot i always get shot from somewhere i didn't expect, just cause a player was able to climb up on a railing where it shouldn't have been, or was able to see my feet below the pipes. Also, did i mention a single problem that all the new maps have? Z-Fighting, almost anywhere on a map i can find two props inside each-other causing weird glitches and lag.
There is a ton of maps to choose from that could have made it to operation - Tuscan, Crown, Sparity ETC...
Let's just hope they delayed the maps for a better operation. There are some good maps in the operation too, but we could have gotten a lot more.

Anyways, i wish map makers will take consideration into this, and firstly sort out map layout and then focus on details. I can recommend good communities to get feedback on layout and get the map tested on servers, such as Mapcore.

(P.S - I know the maps are free to play, that doesn't mean they are supposed to be designed for casual only play) 




 Whiskey is my backup plan after a match if i get rekt. 




 Operation Insight - Introducing the new Inferno collection, choose from 20 new scopes for your AUG/SG. 
Added ability to have StatTrack modules on your scope! 




 Take breaks between matches, always have some water near when playing. (Helps me a lot after intense round.) 




 - Haha, you have Howl for m4a4. Better save your money for that one.
- Ali? I didn't find the same experiences on Ali as on Cache, as you can see Cache is so good it stood the time test and became official.
- Few good maps, please, but ten? :/
- I felt like Crown was too spacious, i don't know what others think. It's a lovely map though. Tuscan would have been a better option.
 




 I just love how badass Mp5 looks, i would feel like spec-ops troop with that gun. 




