 I loved this book.  It was a little dry when it came to the science portions but overall extremely humorous and exciting.   




 Think of George Clooney but not as attractive. 




 Ya was the book kinda shallow? Yes.  Did it have flavor and some flair? Yes.  If he keeps that cycle going then hell I'd buy the sequel. 




 Ending to the devil is a part timer.
 




 Russia isn't a country, it's a corporation.   




 I think they started out the show with that episode to plant the idea of a giant transmutation circle. 




 I think the opening to log horizon is pretty awesome as well as the ending to kill la kill. 




 What are you looking at smooth-skin? 




 I am reading it right now and I know exactly how you feel! 




 You should try tea, I don't like drinking coffee either. 




 The orange box.  




 What kinda phone do you have?  




 She wasn't going to even if you didn't forget the tip.  




 I absolutely love the song caravan. 




 Whooooooooo AMERICA!!!! 




 She was great in the west wing.  




 It looks like it has been sitting underwater for the last 10 years.  I like it, it's different.   




 Three of those knives cost over 200 bucks.  I wouldn't call that humble.   




 He was also in an episode of The West Wing.  




 The west wing. 




 Because we walked out of the cave.   




 Iroh- the last airbender 




 I love anime.  My friends think I'm weird but nothing else comes close in story telling for me. 




 Congratulations.  You corrected a figure of speech.  Douchebag.   




 I love that show. 




 It would only be for non-violent offenders. 




 Haven't you ever read a book that changed your life? 




 Why not? 




 Obviously there would be some conditions on what books qualify but the logic is sound.  The more you read, the sooner you can leave. 




 Then have the democratic congressmen stand with him and just leave the Republicans at the altar.   




 For every book they read and submit a book report they should get X amount of time shaved off of their time.   




 He should just do the state of the union on the steps of capital hill.  Speaking directly to the people not some asshole congressmen.   




 Skyrim. 




 I love that small one! 




 I don't know if ya'll would consider it anime but the credit music for the legend of korra always gets me a little raw. 




 I couldn't stand Rossiu from TTGL.  I thought he was a douche-bag.   




 Gta V,
Sleeping dogs,
The last of us. 




 Where can I place an order for the larger one? 




 2014 




 Gone girl was FANTASTIC! you're gonna like it. 




