









 Fallout 3 









 Ask the same questions over and over on /r/AskReddit 




 The first one was pretty good, then it started going downhill. I started watching them just to how they relate all together, or for the some what story that was there.  









 Thanks I guess... 




 You're a bum Rock 




 You have the cartels, protests and a corrupt government. Mexico will soon be a faild nation.  




 Wonder if they got stuck on that duty or they volunteered so they could also see the Beatles.  














 Just paid for Bioshock Infinite a month ago. Maybe I should just stop paying for games.  




 You'd have to constantly replace the wall paper because everyone would pop it.  




 Juggalos 
























 Whenever I hear someone refer Obama to a dictator or king, I just remembered those people probably don't know history.  




 There are terrorists running all over Pakistan with their nuclear program around, no one seems to care about them.  



















 So they could have two nuclear and one hundred WW2 era diesel subs.  









 If terrorists keep poking at the major middle eastern countries, air strikes will be the least of their worries.  




 The adventure of getting shot at everyday.  




 Source. http://www.warhistoryonline.com/war-articles/73317.html 









 If I'm at McDonald's I don't want a hamburger patty with cheese 




 Rusty Shackleford 




 Trying to use someones death to push you political agenda. I don't see how anyone could believe this BS, but there's some that probably do.  









 Someone destroyed a lot of friendships during that.  




 The Catholic church seems to have turned it's self around as a whole. Hopefully they don't revert back to what they were a decade ago.  




 Is everyone that works there a Christian? 




 The boat  




 They threaten everyone in the region.  




 They even hate themselves.  




 The military throwing down a lot of money on Lamborghini, I'm hardly shocked.  




 Need money for alcohol.  














 I demand that day back.  



















 I would say it is probably one of the only pieces he has left of his parents. Right now as a child he's just thinking about cigarettes, however when he's older he would realize the sentimental value of the award.  




 Thanks for ruining everyday life ISIS.  




 He doesn't understand how important that medal will be to him later in life.  




 Throwing rocks at other rocks.  









 It's different day to day. It really just depends on what is "trending" or the "what's hot" askreddit of the day. It's just the repetitiveness of the same questions that sickens me.  




 They'll soon be at the Antarctic research areas, with coats on.  




 I wouldn't say reposting is a way to get karma. Originality,contributions, and being witty is how you get karma.  




 Seems a lot of countries are buying F-35's recently.  




 You found what I did there. Bad translation/grammar on my part.  




 Smells like bigfoots dick 









 Military waste. They should keep soldiers and benefits. The waste, useless spending, ect....has to go.  




 A polar bear.  




 Sweden does army commercials right http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Yg139clg5sA 




 I read somewhere that they overlap the towers so when one goes down the connection isn't broken. I can't find the website though.  









 Dark matter.  




 Doesn't say if it'll have a Ray J boss battle.  




 Have fun 




 We'll wait until they've decided in a couple of decades.  




 The dodo bird. They seem pretty hilarious on ice age.  









 http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=sTbc2NeErnU 




 I didn't personally but I think most people on Facebook spent a lot of money on Kony 2012 




 It gives people the excuse to keep the military industrial complex going.  




 The white lady of Spring Canyon Utah http://www.legendsofamerica.com/ut-springcanyonlady.html 




 It's like they trap you. I get better cell coverage than my other friends companies but I have limited data.  




 Power or greed.  














 I prank called the Russian embassy two weeks ago when I was drunk. They hung up after I said "hello comrade". 




 Interior Holding Device Supervisor.  




 New York City. I've always wanted to visit there because I've lived in the west most of my life.  














 sharia law 




 Doesn't Syria have enough to deal with than to provoke Israel? 









 The disappearance of 3,000 Chinese soldiers in 1939 http://unmyst3.blogspot.com/2013/07/mysterious-disappearance-of-nanking.html?m=1 




 What if Archduke Franz Ferdinand wasn't assassinated? 




 Tool, Undertow 




 United Nations Headquarters 




 They work at Taco Bell. It surprised me that they didn't aspire to do something greater in life.  









 He admits to this but still claims the VA is a efficient organization.  




 Lotion and condoms.  




 I thought of this song when I first read the title http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=cM4kqL13jGM
  My hoping of them to be hip hop lovers got shot down.  




 e.g. Ukraine Crisis, ISIS, economy, presidential race? 




 North Korea "gears up" it's military South Korea and the U.S. do drills. Just like every year before and many years down the road.  









 Drink a lot of water, take Nyquil, then I sleep with enough covers to sweat it out.  




 Of course.  




 Smash it with your foot, then eat it like a dog.  




 The mexican cartel is a greater threat to American citizens than ISIS, yet they have no major news source talking about them.  




 It could I be, you can watch drone videos of Ukraine calling in artillery. It might be a person looking at the security weaknesses. Then again it might just be someone's hobby. They should have gave a little more info.  




 I wouldn't say it's all money for YouTube. I tried to watch a Uncle Ruckus compilation that I've shown people for over a year. I go on last week, it's gone and everything related to Boondocks is gone too.  




 I wanted Fury to win, because it's the only movie I saw in the theater.  




 I'm trying to teach myself how to play the banjo, it's not going fantastic.  




 Your taxes go to something productive.  




 I learned this from the history channel series The Men Who Made America.  














 Freetopher is real at least https://mobile.twitter.com/freetopher 









 According to the quiz it is. Maybe the person who made the quiz is banned from reading it.  














 The guy would be the one crying and being emotional. That would be awkward for everyone around.  









 American Psycho by Brett Easton Ellis 







































 On a normal work night I go to sleep at 1 am. I'm usually on the internet or reading a book.  









 More information on the monument http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robespierre_Monument_%28Moscow%29 





























 I'd say almost every culture besides "American" is bad at chewing tobacco.  




 Water 




 Yellowstone National Park 




 Insane Clown Posse and everyone related.  




 Scrambled eggs, biscuits and gravy, add cheese on the top.  




 Music up...Dance 














 I'D ask him why he invaded Russia 




 Waikiki 




 I used to appreciate the box car children. Why was I not informed of this earlier? 




 Any inquisition or witch hunts.  




 Hopefully an article comes out about his experiences and treatment while with the Taliban.  




 The rebels use T-72's and T-80's. I'm sure they'd be quite effective unless the rebels were fantastic crews.  



















 In a perfect world..... Turkey, peshmerga, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Iraq, and Syrian rebels would all attack with ground troops. Along with coalition air strikes. Just completely overwhelm them.  














 Sounds like great news but we're going to  need a better source to confirm this.  



















 They spend more money policing the world than helping their own citizens.  
























 Gossip Girl.  Love that show.  




 Spades.  




 I hate Wendy's 




 Video of the execution http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=VtAmk0Nrut0 




 What'd you sue them for specifically? 














 You can interview me, with stipulations.  




