 cool. At first I thought I was just missing something. 




 Angela Merkel. Probably the most  in the know, powerful western politician. I'd tell the truth about the system.  I'd also be killed before the day was out by the puppeteers. 

Or some hot lesbian. And I'd explore stuff. 




 Thanks, I just had a Thai red curry dish on Saturday. I'm looking forward to trying the Vietnamese curries. I've only tried their Pho. My next trip after this is Thailand which I am looking forward to also. 




 No pu'er tea for me yet. I find them to be too earthy.  More and more tea is getting used for red tea in Yunnan because it is gaining such an international following and the prices they can get. They're also finding they can age them and develop a lot more flavor without becoming a pu'er tea.  The link from earlier talks about the differences. 




 Or more accurately, removed for admitting to hacking into the airplane systems while flying with them in the past, and deemed a security risk because of that. Personally, as a frequent flyer, I support United's actions. 




 My parents had no way to control my or my brothers behavior short of putting themselves in jail by keeping us chained in the basement. And as a parent now, raising kids can be tough. Pressing harder with the boot on their neck is not how you keep them out of trouble either. The more a kid is stepped on, the more they rebel. There is no formula to raise good kids or everyone would do it. 




 I just have overnight layovers in Taiwan flying to and from Vietnam, so I'll just hit the 2 tea stores in Taoyuan City I found last time and maybe the day market if I have time. 




 They also both describe a curing method. https://www.teatrekker.com/new-rest-aged-tea  
It's almost like the chlorophyll you get with some herbs. It's also more of a smell flavor than a tongue flavor.  
I have found this to be true with all of the Yunnan's I get and notice it very little with the Taiwanese red teas. TWG's golden needle and T2Tea's grand yunnan are the flavors I am looking for. Yunnan Sourcings Feng Qing Golden bud is close, but I think they use more tippy leaves. And I really like Wu Liang Hong Mao Feng from autumn 2014.  Spring of 2015 is really bright still and it overpowers the subtlety of a nice Yunnan. 




 We already have enough Omen sequels. 




 Red. Pu'er teas are a bit rough for me still.  I'm not really sure what the difference is between aged tea and pu'er. I just know aged tastes more mellow and has less of the brightness a new leaf has. Pu'er tastes like dirt to me.  There are other notes, but the earthiness is the main taste I get. 




 Can't it be added so we can put it in before we save? I have no idea what functionality is allowed when a subreddit is created. 




 I see a lot of interesting stuff on ali baba but it seems like an ebay to me. IMO the minimum you need is a website. But I am not a blended tea drinker. It seems to be a lot of mass market tea with flavorings added to hide that you're drinking the bottom rung of tea. 




 She probably meant her parents owned them. It would fit with the attitude she showed. 









 I fell in love with a couple of mid size companies Yunnan tea. I think a lot of what I was getting from them was aged tea because of the volume I imagine they buy. Their prices were both outside of what I would consider for everyday tea.  
My dilemma is, when I find a tea that I like after it has aged for 3 to 6 months (or more), that seasonal variety is gone. Since each season is different, as is each year, I'm struggling to find a tea to get in enough quantity to get me through a while.  
Tea Trekker has some Yunnan's aged 2 years that I am going to try next.  Hopefully the curing allows me to find something that I can get 250 or 500g's of. 




 I have a travel mug that I pour into a small tea cup. My strainer sits on top of the travel mug. When I'm done, I throw them in the garden 




 I feel bad for the farmers. I'll be there in a couple weeks and I am planning on getting some high mountain teas, especially the Sun Moon Lake area. It looks like it will be more expensive than last time. Maybe I can get a discount on last years crop. haha 




 Just some general info you may like:  
There is a grading scale for tea you may see: SFTGFOP1 or parts of that. It means:  
Special, finest, tippy, golden, flowery, orange, pekoe, 1st quality. It has to do with where the leaf is taken and when. You find this rating a lot in Darjeelings. I rarely see it in Chinese teas.  
The main types of tea are:  
White tea, which is the first leaf and is not fermented at all.  
Green tea, which is also unfermented and has incredible variation based on region and curing methods.  
Oolong, is a fermented tea which means it is cured with heat to develop more flavor. There are huge variations in region, how much they are fermented and how they are processed.  
Black tea is heavily fermented tea. Like oolongs, there is significant variation between regions and processing.  
Rooibos which is not really the same plant as tea, is very popular in Africa and becoming more popular in the west.  I believe it has a lot more medicinal and nutritional properties. I found it a little too tangy.  
Herbal teas, which can really be anything. Check Celestial Seasonings varieties as an example.  
There are also a lot of regional drinks that are unique, like Chai's, Mate's, etc.  
That is just some basic info I have gathered since I was in your shoes about 4 or 5 years ago. I hope it helps. 




 If you like Darjeelings, hopefully you have been able to try some of the good ones. They are an excellent example of how the same tea and region can produce incredibly different teas. So as you try new teas/regions, remember that same thing holds true.  
I also found a lot of people don't like green tea because they brew it like a black tea. It gets bitter very fast and like a good Darjeeling and oolong, you cannot use the color as an indication of when it is ready. 




 When I thought of blends, this was the only thing that came to mind for me too.  Unfortunately, what I liked was Twinings loose and I cannot find it anymore, even online.  Although I did like sleepy time tea, but that is tea in name alone. 




 Not sure about blends but;  
Yunnan black tea - I found this about 4 years ago and have never looked back.  
Taiwanese black tea - I love the natural fruitiness and floral side of their teas.  
Highly fermented oolongs - I like the nuttiness oolongs get when they have a heavier fermentation. I like oolongs from both China and Taiwan.  
Twinings Prince of Wales - My regular before I started getting into whole leaf tea. It has such a unique taste that I still keep a tin around.  
Jasmine green - I like gunpowder green too, but if I drink a green tea, it is a Jasmine 90% of the time 




 It's a lot faster to fly over the thin part of the globe. Any flights over or near the equator fly pretty much a straight line, within flight paths.  I've done ParisJohannesburg, S. Africa, ChicagoBuenos Aires, Argentina and LAMelbourne, Australia. Those flights over the equator are long. Very long 




 I did this to myself. The first corporate job I had was running database processes, After about 6 months, I was wondering why this was not automated so I started building VXRexx scripts to automate it.  Once the team realized what I was doing, they created a project to turn the whole process into a script. I won the corporate annual achievement award for coming up with the idea that took a multi day process and turning it into a program that will run in under an hour. However, I did program myself out of a job. Luckily I proved myself by doing it, so they put me in another position instead of letting me go. And 20+ years later, I am still working for the same company. 




 Vonnegut has a book called Player Piano that is about technology automating all of our jobs. As a trainer I am creating my player piano by making all of my lessons available in podcast. 




 Yes, I bring 5 or 6 dvd's with me when I travel. I hadn't watched it in about a year so it was a good selection for a 14 hour plane ride. 




 Yes, from a little shop about 4 blocks from the big mall in Taoyuan City 




 Unfortunately Twinings does not make their Russian Caravan anymore.  I was able to find some old tea bags in Europe somewhere, but I preferred the loose. I've tried other companies and they are not even close imo. 




 I've never tried anything but Taiwanese and Chinese in a gaiwan, but they were both very different than in my travel mug steeped through a strainer. 




 I would definitely be interested. This looks very close to T2Tea and will probably be the next tea I get online. http://www.teatrekker.com/teas/yunnan-jingdong-wuliang-golden-threads-12  




 Are they fairly clear brews like you get from the higher altitude?  When I first brewed a high elevation FTGFOP Darjeeling I thought I messed up and didn't add enough leaves. Then I tasted it. mm mmm good. They're much more tannic than a Taiwanese or Yunnan black though, which makes them rougher on my stomach. 




 I got tea drunk in all the shops trying so many teas.  My biggest problem was testing everything in gaiwan's, when I use a strainer at home. There is a big taste difference between the precision you get from a gaiwan and what I get from the strainer. I also use a little local honey which brings out some flavors and mutes others 




 About 10 of that price is shipping. TWG's website just recently came online so I have not checked their shipping price but their price is over 40US for 50g online (I think 25US in Singapore's airport), where T2Tea was 45 US to ship 4 50g bags but their tea was only 18 for 50g.  I've since tried about 30 Yunnan's looking for their flavor, with very limited success.  Yunnan Sourcing is the closest I have found, so I am still going through their varieties. Tea Trekker looks interesting too, but I haven't tried them yet.  
There is one store in a city about 50 miles from me that gets an occasional organic FTGFOP1 Golden bud Yunnan that has almost everything except the intoxicating aroma.  
Processing is so critical to tea, I just figured I was paying for some master to turn good Yunnan into an elixir. :-) 




 As for the key chain, just put it in the small cheesecloth bags you can get for adding herbs to stews and soups and put it in anything you can attach then. The cloth would protect the pearls of gunpowder tea. 




 Twinings makes a decent gunpowder green and it is about 5 US for 100g. It is a main brand out of England and distributed around the world. We have it in our local grocery stores. 




 Thanks. I'm excited to go back and get more Oriental Beauty and the High Mountain box.  I routed myself through Taiwan on a trip to Vietnam I have coming up so I could get more.  
I have all those Yunnan's because I am trying to find something like TWG's Golden Needle Yunnan or what T2Tea's Grand Yunnan used to taste like, without paying 25+ for 50g's.  
Thanks for the translation too. 




 Have you tried something like a Lingia or Steinthal plantation Darjeeling? I find them much more mild than the Taiwan teas unless it is very lightly fermented. 




 Excellent information. I do find a huge taste difference between low and high altitude Darjeeling teas. Low ones are almost like a Ceylon tea. High ones are where Darjeeling got the name Champagne of tea. 




 It's like the latitude Taiwan is on is perfect. The mountains and moist air makes perfect tea growing weather. Northern Vietnam is starting to develop the same mountains that butt up against Yunnan province in China. Continue west into the Darjeeling region of India. For me, that latitude has all the teas I love.  
To get more specific so it is more of the terroir (new word for me) I'd say Feng Qing county in Yunnan province, which is the true origin of Dian Hongs, fits.  I also think Taiwan has their own terroir. You can taste the soil like you can in a good coffee bean. 




 http://imgur.com/gallery/GGPVR/new  I put this on Reddit but I don't see it. I think it is the 2 on the right in the luggage.  




 For me it is their Grand Yunnan 22, surprise. :-)  
Their Russian teas are nice too. 




 She didn't tell me it was red tea. Just that it said Tieguanyin. I bought it in Taiwan as black tea. There may have been a bit of a language barrier that my smartphone did not get past in Taiwan. :-) 




 That bag was pu-erh tea. I gave it to some of the Chinese I work with. I couldn't handle it. Way too earthy for me.  Most of the silver bags in my cabinet are Yunnan's, which are my favorite.  
That TWG Yunnan is dangerously good. Sort of like trying Bellhaven's for the first time.  
My Tiguanyin and Darjeeling Ligia are in my tea cabinet at work. I'm hoping to get my new order of 2015 Dian Hong's and bring one of those in. 









 It's interesting you say that. I was given 2 tins of a very nice Taiwanese black tea. When I asked a Chinese girl at work what the tin said, she said tieguanyin, which I thought was oolong. She confused me even more. So, can tieguanyin be both oolong and when fully fermented become red tea? Is it a region or leaf type? 




 Watching Russian cadets learning to march is only slightly more interesting than watching paint dry. 




 I travel a lot for work and last year I was in Mexico for about 3 weeks. While there I ate any fruit and veggie I wanted, had ice in my drinks and pretty much ate what I wanted.  While eating with a co worker his college professor walked up and while talking he asked if I had Montezuma's revenge yet. I said, thankfully no.  When he was surprised I told him I drank tea all day long with honey in it. (Honey kills bacteria.) When he heard I was eating so much honey, he realized why I had not had problems. 




 EU3 (Europa Universalis) 




 Sometimes trying to figure out which are inexpensive and which are cheap can be a challenge. 




 Yes, you are correct. #18, not 28.  Thanks for clarifying that.  Just me getting confused.  Personally I am not a huge fan. It comes across as something the Brits might like a lot because it may stand up to milk and sugar. 




 I try to switch from my Yunnan teas on occasion so I do not lose the subtle flavors I love. There are 2 main black teas from Taiwan. One is the strain developed when the Japanese controlled Taiwan in the 30's-40's which is known as #18 or Hung Yu. Most of the large plantations use this tea.  They also still have the native tea which is incredibly fruity. I like that enough to ration my use of it. I'm hoping to get 250g's when I go back next month.  
Today I had the Hung Yu and it is much stronger and more tannic than I am used to now.  Very strong teas make my stomach a little wacka. At least our guest restaurant in our building is Indian today, which means I will have a big lunch so it won't bother me much longer.  
Edit: updated with correct # 




 Landfills release a lot of heat. Makes snow melt fast.  We have one converted landfill but it was an old fill and the slope is actually more off the side than directly on top. 




 Read the history of Margarine. The same thing is happening with Tesla.  The existing product is using gov regulations to protect their market share. 




 A little steel wool will get the rust off. No worries about it.  
If you have tea bags, use them. Tea bag manufacturers grind the tea and it really doesn't work well in a strainer. Especially the larger hole strainers that typically come with those tea pots.  
I can taste if the cup I use had coffee in it last time, so using the same container to brew both would be unacceptable to me.  You can get a french press for coffee for under 10 bucks and that will work fine to make your ground coffee.  People even use French Presses for tea.  You can really put anything in any strainer and pour hot water over it and you will pick up the flavor.  In a pinch you could probably use a food strainer or cheese cloth. 




 I'd think getting supplements from China would be very, very high risk.  
Here is a link I found though: http://www.weiku.com/Sliced-Herbal-Medicine/buy-Ephedra-Ephedra-Sinensis-Ma-Huang-Herbs.html 




 I started drinking tea again because of honey. I have too much acid in my stomach and I had bad pollen allergies. Honey greatly reduces both problems. I have friends with acid reflux who I have turned on to honey as well, and they then became tea drinkers too.  Tea and honey is my lifeline. 




 I agree. Twinings was the tea brand that opened my eyes to better tea.  I drank their Prince of Wales for about 10 years. I also like their gunpowder green and still get that. Their jasmine green is nice and people who like Earl Grey, love theirs.  I still use their tins for my loose tea that comes in bags. 




 I'm not into flavored teas beyond jasmine green so I can't help with that side.  However, I'd try teas from different regions.  I love Yunnan teas. I find them to be very floral and naturally sweet. Fujian teas are a bit stronger imo. They are sort of 1/2 way between an Assam and a Yunnan. Ceylon teas can be very strong and have a taste close to what you get from a nice bag tea.  Darjeelings are some of the most sought after teas and can be the most expensive as well.  I really like the Lingia Darjeeling. It's not too expensive, but it is way better than a mass produced Darjeeling like Twinings or Harney and Sons have. Darjeelings have some of the most subtle flavors of any tea I have tried.  
Also try different teas, white, green, oolong (lightly and heavily fermented) and black teas.  I wouldn't go crazy with expensive teas until you really know what you like. A decent mid grade will give you a good idea of what the tea type will be like. 




