 Keep in mind that Tel Aviv is very far from Gaza. Not to mention US flight plans go via europe and into tel aviv, avoiding gaza. 




 This should be the top comment lol 




 I for one wouldnt ever want to leave Earth! This place is great. If you dont think so then you need to expand your horizon and travel! 




 True. But also give a gift receipt. So they can just change it. 




 This is ideally what this tip is centered around. Find if its ur ideal path. 




 We need a new toilet because i've spent way too much money on trying to figure out how to fix it and have come up with failed attempts. 

So... I need a new toilet! Less than $300 and preferably one that wont have any problems with clogging and is elongated.

Terrylove.com seems to recommend toto alot. Do you recommend that or something else?

We have an American standard that has been great for years but lately it just takes multiple flushes for everything to go through. We have used an auger, used pumic stone to remove any scale, and nothing that helped. So instead of wasting anymore money I think I must buy a new one. 









 So i tried all of the suggestions and it does seem to help. Lol stupid eye contact! Why the heck is this an issue!  




 Is there any medication that helps the body from getting anxious during eye contact?

I can make eye contact its just that I have to hold my breath and I can barely concentrate on what they are saying. 




 Yupp. Its called being burned out!
Take a break!
Though more importantly, you're not doing this from your heart so why even bother? I say that because you're ultimately going to get bitter whereas volunteering should produce some form of joy.  









 Theres a whole facebook page devoted to it 




 It used to be. In philadelphia area there are still many cricket grounds. 




 I say it was bombed in the indian ocean and they're covering it up. But literally between India and China.
Why? There was an article about a lady who saw debris off a plane in the ocean from her flight. She reported it but the search was never concluded in the area she mentioned afaik. 
Now im going to speculate and say that this plane was headed for one of the stans via india. And india wasnt going to let some lunatic fly and danger its people so they bombed it or maybe malaysia bombed it. Now if india did bomb it and that information was disclosed than china and india would be at war. Something no nation wants.  




 7.1.1 im on iphone 5. My coworker, my phone and my moms phone are affected. But my cousins iphone 5s isnt. So maybe its targetting specific phones? Idk. 




 Same here 




 Well i was talking to my coworker today who mentioned that the latest patch makes the phone stop using non-oem wires. 

Which is the issue i am having now. Only oem wires r workig 




 Why does the iPhone recognize the non-oem cable and whats the difference? 
Im referring to the iphone 5 cable but obviously its a general issue.

Why cant we replicate the cable to the t? 




 I'm thinking about stopping my 401k contributions which are roughly $400/month. I was trying to meet my companies match but I think it doesnt make sense when you have loans with 7% interest rate. hmm..
edit: lol and ive been also trying to save up for wedding. and only saved up 5kish aiming for 12k at least. 




 How much were you paying monthly? 




 Look into Loan Forgiveness programs. Such as the military. Do national guard and get some of that removed. 




 If you dont mind me asking but what is your financial situation? Salary, etc. Because 3 years is ambitious for 40k. 




 So apparently I have 49k in student loans. Its been four years since i have graduated and the main reason I guess I wasnt as aggressive in paying off my student loans was because I bought a car (audi a4) which just took all of the money. Thankfully I paid it off so now I should have more money to pay off student loans but it seems like it will take forever.

So how long did it take you guys   gals to pay off your student loans and how did you save up for a house, etc? 




 Apparently goat. Im from india. 




 I like the quote on Ruth Graham, wife of Billy Graham, grave. "End of Construction. Thank you for your patience" 




 I hear ya man. I feel the same way. And the older u get its harder to make new friends, esp christian ones.  




 Check out glassdoor.com. Read reviews.

See how management interacts with the team. I went to one interview and the manager was talking down to his employees. Thankfully he didnt act like too much of a jerk off when he interviewed me but nonetheless if he cant act appropriatly with all of his employees then i cant work with him.  




 Lol i can counter this and say it can also be good to go independent of ur parents and enjoy life.  




 Lol 




 Piano is easy to pick up vs guitar, etc. as you either press a key or combination of keys.
Plus you can play any instrument you want using it. 
 




 I've had the same issue. The best thing to do is put pill in the back of your tongue. 
Stick tongue on the roof of your mouth.
Swallow.
And wallah you have solved your prescribed pill swallowing problem. 




 I believe its called music theory. 

http://www.musictheory.net/lessons

I cant read music myself, dont have an extreme or urge or need for it so no real desire. But my advice would be to take your time, pace yourself, and practice.

Check out youtube clips too. 




 I completed the one year bible few years ago and i so agree with u on this. The whole trying to finish the bible for the sake of it does not help u at all besides saying u "finished" reading the bible. 
If u do however do it that way than at least dont restrict urself from reading it in one year. Lol it made me very depressive because it took me much longer than i thought it would take and it just made me feel dumb. 

That said, i have read the bible multiple times. And i would say that the best way to read it is understand how the bible is categorized, and see which category interests you. And then pace yourself through it. 




 I absolutely love the red letters for what Jesus spoke.

You know what would be cool? How about what God spoke in Blue?

i dont like references. It just gets in the way of reading the passage. And i absolutely cannot stand that there are no gaps at the left and right of the pages. I understand bibles need to be minituarized but there should still be some space.

Make paragraphs. Alot of time ur just reading a constant group of text. It would be great if paragraphs could be added. I see it as a positive thing for grouping content, supporting contextual reading, and lastly offering people the optiong to pace through the text. 




 whow we can ask these kinds of questions. i so need this question answered. 




 My mom has a pinched nerve and i believe a bulge near her l4 l5. Her recent doctor recommended that she get only a sitting job.
I dont think her current employer has a sitting job and she is 58 and has constantly complained about her lower back. She is currently in short term disability and does have long term disability insurance.
Whats the procedure for getting long term disability?
And also does she qualify?
Im worried that if we go to the companys HR and ask then they might lay her off eventually if they see that she has this problem. 









 Not really. The move for punching and kicking is trivial. 
For example, punching requires an arm extended and feet in proper alignment. I know the powers comes from the hip but I guess what I'm asking is that maybe my hip doesnt have that much power. So how do you increase it. 




 How do you increase the force of your attack?

I feel alot of my moves are just moves without any packed strength / force behind them. 




 Save money and but Crest Whitestrips. 

Everything else is going to be a waste of money. 




 Im surprised this doesnt have more upvotes. This is the only logical comment. 




 Andys Hot Fries 




 Sort of, I offer Slingbox hosting services out of Philadelphia.
What my subscribers get is a full Fios TV experience for a monthly fee. So yes, technically. 




 What kind of issues do couples that are "yoked" together face?

I can understand the reason bible is against unyoked couples. But i also know that all marriages tend to have issues. So what kind of issues do couples who are both believers face? 




 Lol 




