 Ah you mean this one (sorry for shitty Instagram)
http://imgur.com/13jsmOn 




 http://imgur.com/4tbM0AP
 




 Tunnicliffe was touted as a rising star, not to the level of Pogba but people thought he would be able to do a job for us as a destroyer which we were sorely lacking in at the time. 

I don't know how many matches until he proved his worth because I don't watch Juve that often but as someone who goes to about 80% of our youth and reserve games (at home) I can tell you Pogba didn't deserve to be getting games for the first team. He got put in because of his complaints and when that happened didn't actually do anything to cement himself as a first teamer. We couldn't give in to him otherwise every youth player would do it like is happening now with us and pereira who once again is playing for the reserves and feels he deserves to play for the first team and won't sign a new contract but he doesn't deserve to be in the first team as he is playing quite average himself but no doubt if he leaves and starts playing well then it will be the usual "oh United made a huge mistake"

You argue obviously he was ready but with Juve he is in a midfield 3 where as with us he was in a 2 so maybe that's why he couldn't shine with us, maybe that's why he was able to look so good for you because he plays in a formation we never would have usually under fergie

He wanted a chance that's true but he can't just say he wants a chance and then continue to be bang average playing against people that were inferior to him, he should have been tearing people apart to prove he was ready

Also don't know who's down voting you and don't really no why, you're just putting your opinion across 




 Then he should have played better for the reserves that year instead of just moaning about not playing, the year before he alongside a youth team that consisted of Morrison, tunnicliffe, keanes etc won the fa youth cup. Pogba played well for us in that but still wasn't our best player in the kids hat year, tunnicliffe rivalled him in midfield and Morrison was the standout. The next year (where he complained about not starting) he was absolutely average for the reserves playing poorly at times and just doing enough so why would we play him when he wasn't putting any effort in? Tunnicliffe was playing better and we didn't play him either and he wasn't signing a new contract so why play him? The times he did come in the first team he didn't set the world alight and yes he was only off the bench but he still had time to try something and he didn't do anything 




 After the great battle of the wounded knee massacre a lot of towns knew that there would be trained soldiers who would need a new job after being kicked out of the military due to severe knee injuries, so they contacted the empire to try and get a job for them with health benefits that included things like physio. This offer looked good to the returning soldiers and boosted the economy and the towns now had trained soldiers protecting them. 

Why that battle targeted knees however is still a mystery...

EDIT - Sorry the source is my friends dad called Thorin who was at the great battle of the wounded knee massacre and is now a guard in Riften 




 Which God? Several Gods?

Was it Gorr the God Butcher? 




 Wahey. He was handing a check over as he had raised about 25 grand for the hospital. 




 Met Michael Owen when he came to our work (I work at Manchester Royal) and that was ok, seemed a bit dull and like he couldn't be bothered. 

Then met The King Denis Law as well and he was amazing kept me talking about football, got pictures with him and just an all round great bloke and a pleasure to talk too 




 I don't know what he would learn, I'm just giving an opinion. I'm basing my claims on the fact the finding stuff out in 6 months would be easier than 3 so he could have more chance of exploiting weaknesses 




 Would give him more time to get better materials, maybe research supes a bit more and find out about red sons etc. 3 months he might scratch the surface of these but an extra 3 would be a lot better 




 Build a suit that could possibly beat superman 




 To cook for themselves on a small budget, just in case. Would help countless people in the long run 




 The Hunger Games: Catching Willy 




 No you have to be 18 to be deployed by the British Army. You can join if your under 16 with your parents permission but you won't be deployed in a combat theatre till you are 18. 




 Please be Rich
Please be Rich
Please be Rich
 




 Petr Cech Yourself
Baines on toast 




 Because Cartoon Network have no soul.  




 Pearl Jam - Ten - Fave song "Black"

Led Zeppelin - Led Zeppelin 2 - Fave song "Ramble On"

John Newman - Tribute - Fave song "Out of my head" 




