 Just buy pasteurized eggs and don't worry about undercooking the yolks. 




 I love FTM, and theirs is not really a sound I've been able to find again. But, recently I stumbled across Closure in Moscow, and their two albums have excited me in a similar way to FTM. The two bands aren't very similar, maybe, but it might be worth a look. 




 There are no gourmet cakes "designed just to look good." That would preclude the label "gourmet." There are competition cakes or cake dummies, of course, but those aren't gourmet cakes, and they aren't intended to be eaten.

So, if you're suggesting that supermarket cake is better than styrofoam and other things that aren't supposed to be eaten, I completely agree.

As for whether supermarket cakes are "intended to taste good," I question that assertion. Sure, they're packed with enough sugar and artificial flavorings to pass without objection in many circumstances, but the primary concern is creating an inexpensive product. Not a great-tasting cake. 




 Will John Wick at least seem like a decent assassin in the sequel? He spent 80% of the first film getting his ass handed to him, and the other 20% failing to kill people with a gun at close range without using at least 5 bullets. 




 Or, on the other hand, you could be completely wrong about the cake in this picture (and cake in general), and that's why people are downvoting you. 

First of all, you might have a point about sculpted cakes requiring a denser recipe, and thus flavor may be sacrificed. However, the cake in the picture is not a sculpted cake. It is two round tiers. There is absolutely no reason the inside of that cake couldn't be any recipe you can think of. And, for the record, dense cake does not mean flavorless cake (many people love pound cake, which is great for sculpting). 

Second, fondant-covered cakes are not necessarily any less delicious than cakes without fondant. Leaving aside the fact that some people genuinely enjoy the taste of fondant (and some fondants are quite flavorful), the cake underneath the fondant doesn't have to be any different than any other cake. Just as much buttercream, ganache, etc. may be used, and the cake is identical if the fondant is peeled away (which is what many people do). Also, from that photo, I'm not convinced that cake is covered in fondant. The mosaic tier could easily be covered in modeling chocolate or some other medium, and the top tier could be straight buttercream.

Third, if you suggest cheap grocery store cakes are delicious or taste better than gourmet cakes, you pretty much lose all credibility. Grocery store cakes are the bottom of the barrel, food-wise. They're packed with artificial ingredients and decorated with hydrogenated oil. No thanks. 




 I'm really glad other people are willing to kickstart videogame projects. I sure as heck wouldn't do it.  




 If you say so. I would prefer to have liked something other people don't, than be so bothered by something other people do.   




 I liked The Order. I agree with your thoughts on the cool new tech, but I'm not sure why it was necessary to bash a game out of the blue. 




 These days, I'd bet only 1 red velvet cake out of 100 gets its pigment that way. Most cocoa powders are now processed with an alkalizing agent that neutralizes the acidity and prevents the red finish. Consequently, red food coloring is the norm. 




 Current price is generous. The savings I've realized in free games and discounts is staggering. 




 Jeff is 100% right about Guitar Hero Live. 




 Also... can't believe I didn't think of this one right away: 7 Wonders. Great game, plays fast, scales perfectly--all the way up to 7 players. One of the few games where more players =/= longer game. 




 Small World, maybe? It's great with three, though it does have a fantasy theme (if that qualifies as "nerdy"). It's a pretty lightweight game, easy to teach, quick to play. But, it has plenty of meat to it, so it's a good one to come back to repeatedly. It is pretty confrontational and competitive, though, and that might bother some folks. 




 If by "almost all of them" you mean less than half, then you're right. Nine films in production, only four of which are confirmed sequels. With two non-sequels being released this year. It's not all doom and gloom. 




