 well get it back. why get rid of a perfectly good console? 




 1. Dead or Alive 2

2. Dead or Alive 3

3. Dead or Alive 4

Dead or Alive 5 doesn't exist. It is not a real DOA game.  




 ok I'll rent Dark Souls 2. then you only have to worry about the pug shirt.  




 go to E3 




 if you buy me a copy of dark souls 2

also buy me a pug shirt. I wear a men's small. 




 buy reach 




 sadly I do not own a PS3 




 I bought Ground Zeroes for the Xbox One (way too short but pretty enjoyable). Is it worth it to buy Metal Gear Solid 2, 3 and Peace Walker? I am obviously new to the series and want to have some Metal Gear Solid background before The Phantom Pain is released. 




 Cool, but you're going to have to have it removed once Fallout stops being the "it" game. Replace it with one representing the new most popular game. repeat. you've got yourself a never-ending karma generator.  




 The Witcher 3 




 It seems you would enjoy The Wolf Among Us and Game of Thrones (if you're a fan of the show/books). 




 It's the "expansion pass," meaning you are able to buy all upcoming expansions now, and download them when they are released. 




 umm... no, it has not been released yet... 









 I can't wait! 




 only if you cut yourself really deeply. no pussy shit. but in the end it won't solve anything so *put the fucking knife down* 




 plot twist I'm a masochist. whip me, big boy. *rawr* 




 ..................*sobs* 




 my Son... violence is *never* the answer! this is *not* how you become a magoo! 




 ikr 




 Cease this insolence, my Son.  




 What do you mean, my Son? 




 I have a baby face. And I'm white, my Son. 




 srs. I'm doing ICF while fasted. no real gains yet 




 I am Father Magoo. AKA not a troll 




 That's Father Magoo to you, sonny. 




 Doge 




 no, but the one to the left of it is 




 100% Doge 




 Ok then, it is settled. I am fasting for at least 2 months. 




 So that I can be judged by my facial features.  




 Respect the Doge. 




 Dammit! So there is a chance that you think I am fat! I am cutting now! 




 I'm sorry, I just am very insecure.  




 Please be honest. No trolling. If just one person says I am fat, I will immediately start cutting. This is a very sensitive subject as I used to be obese and cut down until I was admitted to a mental hospital for anorexia. All I am asking is for you to be honest. I am uncomfortable taking my shirt off because I have loose skin.  














 Witcher 3

Witcher 3 Expansion Pass

Arkham Knight 




 I'm not saying I don't agree, but you have to respect the fact that the thread calls for only 6 games for whatever reason. 




 I recently bought that. Should I wait to play it until I finish Borderlands 2, or is it unnecessary to know the stories of the previous Borderlands games to appreciate the story of this game? 




 "I don't do the whole top X deal"

then don't post on a thread about "top X"

 




 The Witcher 3; Shadow of Mordor; Sunset Overdrive; Wolfenstein: The New Order (and The Old Blood); Borderlands: The Handsome Collection; Halo MCC 




 Ok, good. Imlerith took me like 5 tries to defeat.  




 I feel like such a dumbass. 

How difficult is Eredin compared to Imlerith?
 




 ...oh

well I look like a complete idiot now. 

How difficult is Eredin compared to Imlerith?  




 They do not stop regenerating their health. It doesn't matter how long I spend fighting them; they always get back to nearly full health. What do I do? I'm at level 31 btw. Should I go back to my save before the On Thin Ice quest and level up/upgrade gear? 




 The Brothers Karamazov  




 My Daughter, penises come in different lengths, thicknesses, and colors. Obviously as you did not know this, you are young and innocent. Please leave this Forum, as I do not want your innocence ruined.   




 My Daughter, you cannot limit the Children of the Garden of Men to describe my Sons as a whole in merely five words. This is *not* how you become a Magoo. 




 not funny 




 "that's the cool motherfucker that has a prius. BUT I DOUBT IT."

pls dont hurt me. im an adidas guy too, richie. can we be friends?  




 where is Jeff Seld 




 Chess 




 My Son, every Man or Manlet in the Garden of Men and Manlets with disordered eating does not know that he indeed has an eating disorder. Stay safe, my Son. 




 2 wet seasons, 2 dry seasons. well, at least it's something. D 




 My Son, please seek help at the Temple of Magoo, for you have what is called in the Garden of Men an "eating disorder." Usually only my Daughters have this Condition, but that is irrelevant. Please seek help, my Child. 




 Not gonna lie, I'm a little hard right now.  




 Star Wars Battlefront 2 is on Xbox... 




 I bet there are brown horses in many games. 




 you have 2 inches on me 




 stop being an asshole. they're just fucking videogames. 




 but assassin's creed isn't cool right now, dude. if you posted a tattoo of Fallout 4 or The Witcher 3 on your forearm, you would have a chance at the front page. C'mon, get this removed, and get a tattoo pertaining to one of the "hip" games I mentioned. then once a new game come up that is the talk of the land, remove that old tattoo and get a new one. repeat. never-ending karma generator 




 goat simulator 




 is this a gaming subreddit
 




 The Witcher 3; Shadow of Mordor; Sunset Overdrive; Wolfenstein: The New Order (and The Old Blood); Borderlands: The Handsome Collection; the Metro Bundle 




 Magoo Senior

The Witcher 3; Halo MCC; Sunset Overdrive; Wolfenstein; Shadow of Mordor; Bordlands HC 




 The Witcher 3

duh 




 Ok, fair enough. I guess I mean't to ask, "Don't you hope Gears of War 4 reverts to the gameplay mechanics of the original trilogy rather than try to fix what isn't broken like People Can Fly did?" 




 It completely destroyed what made the other games so good. Now it's y to switch weapons? wtf? why are they trying to fix what isn't broken? and the campaign was awful. "30 seconds until next wave." What is this? Horde: story mode? 









 You've played Skyrim, right? Did you play all 4 previous Elder Scrolls games beforehand? 




 I'm tired of all the shit on the benches myself 




 I have a PhD in Broscience, so I will conclude that you should see an acutal medical doctor because you can't get a doctorate in Broscience. 




 I had high expectations for this game because I love DOA 2 through 4, but now it seems to have lost everything that made me enjoy those three classic fighting games. 




 Dead or Alive 4 




 cool 




 how evil 




 glad you have such high self-esteem  




 Pug Simulator

i dont care about goats, but pugs are cool. oh they're so adorable. i love pugs. i want to be one 




 but he didn't tell any jokes 




 ok well I have to do something, so I downvoted you. sorry 




 yes.  




 Ok, cool, you watch Game of Thrones and/or have read A Song of Ice and Fire. you are so awesome 




 wait prove that it's in boston. i dont believe you. after my wife cheated on me i dont believe anyone... sorry, i shouldnt tell you about my personal life. im going through a mi-life crisis 




 but i don't wanna 




 BUT HE DOESN'T KILL!!!!!!!!!!!! 




 I'm dying of laughter. 

no wait im not actually, please don't that that to heart 




 ok what happens when it is almost as expensive as the game? please finish your thought 




 I've noticed that not every quest gives you xp.  




 Yes, I have the ability to time travel. I have done my research by working out after masturbating, then going back in time and working out without masturbation. No significant difference other than the fact that penises shed moonlight when exposed to cats.  




 lolwhut
 




 wait are you really max payne 




 calm down, francis  




 I think so too 




 [This is my buddy's latest video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBP1d_KvOgk) 




 he's not fat right now. 









 no memes. 




 how do you know...

wait...

are u from the future

fuck im so high right now 




 Keep telling yourself that.  




 I know they harm children. When my son is naughty, I force him to play the Xbox. I don't know why, but he keeps getting naughtier and naughtier.  




 Wait, are you whipped too? 




 Witcher 3. My saying is: "When life gives you lemons, spend all waking hours playing The Witcher 3." 




 "lets me"

No offense, but you're seriously whipped. 




 Oh, he has a Youtube channel called "JuggernautFitnessTV" so that's why I thought you were a fan. 




 Quests that are at least six levels lower than yours won't grant xp 




 I sure as hell did. But now I'm having nightmares of crossdressing elves. FML 




 good to hear you follow the great Jason Blaha 




 But Planet Fitness is a joke. This changes nothing. 




 I'm afraid OP might actually take this seriously. 




 IIFYM 




 unless your diet is severely lacking in protein, there is no need for protein powder. 




 surprised it didn't go down more 




 When I grow a beard, I will never shave or trim! Never!  




 No. Please stop trolling. Jesus Christ, dude, grow the fuck up. 




 what 




 I'm being serious. I need to grow a beard. Time is running out. I must ascend to Gandalf the Blonde status. 




 Yes every male in my family has facial hair. 




 serious responses only. stop trolling. 




 So do you think I should just start the quest now? 









 I am playing on Death March and want to be able to prepare for this quest properly. I am level 31. The Imlerith boss fight was really frustrating. Is the Eredin boss fight even more difficult? 




 are you furious pete 




 My Son, I need more information.

...

Deadlift, Squat, Bench PRs, and of course your 8 rep max for the Facepull. Your height, weight, bfp. How many friends do you have? Do you have a girlfriend? Is your middle name "Max"? How many Daughters of the Realm of the Garden of Men have you seduced? What are your political views? How long is your penis? What are your favorite hobbies? Are you currently employed? Have you ever stepped foot in a Planet Fitness? Are you subscribed to Jason Blaha on Youtube? What are your top 12 favorite films? Favorite books? Television shows? Videogames? Are you a convicted pedophile? Do you live in a house or a boat? Natty? Favorite color? When did you first discover masturbation? Exact date. 

...

Some of these inquireies might seem irrelevent to the question at hand, but please bear with me. Lifting weights is mostly mental in the Realm of the Garden of Men. In order to help, I must get to know you. It's not as cut and dried as you think, believe it or not. It is a very intimate sport.  




 Stop this nonsense. 




 Pass the bong, my Son, for you must be smoking the Holy Grass if you cannot figure out why you should upvote Father Magoo. 




 My Daughter, thank you for asking Father Magoo this question. He will answer shortly.

...

*Sigh*

...

My, sweet, sweet Daughter, this will hurt, but you must part ways with this Fiend. Father Magoo has checked out his Case. 

It would be in your best interest to listen to Me. I promise you, he will *not* become a Magoo. 

Father Magoo has spoken. 




 My Son, Father Magoo does not have it in Him to turn down one of the Daughters of the Garden of Men. 




 Please, my Son, stop this Trolling. Trolling will *not* be tolerated!

Father Magoo has spoken.

     "In the Realm of the Garden of Men and Manlets, Father Magoo has spoken. So it is. So it shall be. " 




 My Son. 

...

Stop. 




 No. 




 My Son...

...

You have so many questions. I will NOT tell you how to succeed in this theft.  




