





































































 I know this is way out into the future, but once the Gen 3 is out and into the world, what's next on Tesla's plate? There are rumors they might revive the Roadster.. any other rumblings out there? 




 Yet he's still smart enough to give the finger while using the stolen phone 














 it would have been season 3 i believe, the one with tito and shamrock 






















































 All hail R/Soccer... where highlights go up faster than on ESPN 




 3 times a year isn't ludicrous :-p 




 Not Jones specifically, but as an example since he's the LHW champ. Cain Velasquez last fought 3 times back in 2009. Come on UFC! 




 I mean from a fan perspective. The UFC wants to build stars yet we only see the champs twice a year at the most it seems. 




 The UFC seems to like its champs to fight two times a year. The last time Anderson Silva fought 3 times in one year was in 2008. Frustrating that the UFC keeps its best stars "less busy" while during their prime 




 New meaning to the phrase "double header" 














 Wow, I thought that quote was Griffin being sarcastic... apparently not 









 Not a surprise. I put out a text post saying how "blah" the UFC 174 card was and got downvoted into oblivion. The fact is that the UFC needs more compelling stars. Old stars returning (arlovski) doesn't cut it. There are far too many UFC shows to keep track of these days and dillution is a real problem.

More problematic is that the more of these ho-hum cards we have, the more the UFC's reputation will suffer. 3 ho-hum cards in a row, hypothetically speaking, makes ordering the next UFC PPV (even if it seems great) a little bit tougher.

The UFC seems so dead set on worldwide expansion that they're losing focus of what got them to the promised land in the first place. Also, how often do we hear fighters talking about wanting to fight more? The UFC needs to get borderline top guys like Luke Rockhold more fights. I just saw him on UFC tonight the other day and he wants to fight ASAp, but he may not even get a fight lined up till September. 














 there's an imp difference b/n scratch and shatter resistant. With a sapphire display, it would be nearly unscratchable. How shatter resistant remains unclear  


































 Is it just me or the UFC starting to unravel without any clear business plan and a slew of meh' ppvs .. dilution is the anti solution! 



















 At this point stacked/intriguing cards are the exception and not the rule. Dillution is getting ridiculous with the UFC not doing enough to build up any new star power 
























 wasn't there a similar gif from a different"fight" that ciruclated not too long ago? 














 There's no photo of a menu bar without the apple.. seems like idle speculation based on alleged conversations with developers ?? 
























 Wow Greg Jackson was young once? 



















 Meanwhile, he's making no $. Horrible businessman 
























 yes 




 definitely.. can finally see which apps are the culprits 










































































 Hot damn, that's amazing 









 who would u have him fight next as a test? I mean, that's why the condit fight was gonna be a good test.. shame it got cancelled 




 Fair, but he's been FINISHING folks. 




 Josh koschek and dan hardy come to mind 









 Lame linkbait 














 Musk said the company is working hard to make sure they are useful and not just a gimmick.. Is the public ready for such a drastic change in doors? 







































 Will this downward trend continue tmrw? 
























 Isn't this the same video footage and audio from the megafactories episode, only with a Wired pre-roll? 









 why is this being downvoted?! 







































 Don't think so. As more information comes to light, the worse is gets 





























 Jordan typically never takes a stand on anything. This is rather significant. Props to MJ for stepping up 









 Jones said he respects Teixeira but sure did taunt him during the last 30 seconds 

















































 Most stacked card in UFC history, eh Dana? I get you have to sell a card bit don't insult the fans.  Also, what's up with that too tight vneck Dana is sportin 




 The Eco-Friendly BLUEPRINT 














 Tesla Model S is a premium product that folks are willing to spend a premium price for. Will the Model E, as a mainstream product, be able to attract mainstream buyers who only have 1 shot at making a correct purchasing decision?

In other words, will most folks be too put off by Electric? The rollout of superchargers can only help tho, esp with gas stations almost everywhere 
























