 Don't go to college, get a 9 to 5 job, save up my money, and google "Bitcoin" religiously... and patiently wait. 




 Just wanted to say thank you, downloaded GIMP and did all my logos and all my head shots last night. My index finger is exhausted but it's done.


Here is some of my work just so you know your time wasn't wasted:
http://i.imgur.com/b9Nd9cF.png

next up... how to post imgur photos correctly lol 




 I think your pops looks like a hippie Brad Pitt 




 I hope this is the correct place. I'm a Realtor ... in Virginia as my name has given away. I've noticed a few photos, including one we have at our disposal, can be used on flyers and websites where only the picture is shown. No background or blank space so if you place a different colored background, there is not a square or block. The one example I have is we have a company logo with a .png format that can be placed on anything and it's only the Logo, no block or white background. What exactly is this called? And can you do it with a mac with basic software, no photoshop etc.? I would really like to do it with my headshot and some additional logos (Realtor logo etc.)

I'm sorry for my lack of knowledge and probably terrible description but any help would be welcome. Also is there any companies that do ? 

Thank you 




 Wow... good sir, you have made my day 




 I loved when Jill held up the "TALK" card and it perfectly covered her mom's mouth.  




 Gang bang 




 buzzkill 




 I got hooked onto the Lord of the Rings game on my phone, became my nightmare. Finally just gave the account away just to not do any further damage. 




 This was my first and really only gaming addiction. I'm 28 yearsold, haven't played in years, and still occasionally check into UO website/ Stratics community to see what's going on.  




 How much did you pay for the little guy? And can you post more pictures/videos? I love olde English bulldogs I've been checking out a breeder for about 2 years but still not quite where I want to be in life where I can get one. 




 Imagine how blue balled Kevin was. 




 Is it just me or does Gladys look a little stoned in this episode... 




 Dad it's a cat and.... SHUT THE FUCK UP JILL.  




 Wtf is happening... Cocaines one hell of a drug 




 Such a bad show 




 Do you ever hear the ICQ message noise near cash registers in gas stations etc. 




 You should never negotiate for repairs to be done after a closing. It's always wise to have the repairs re-inspected by a professional after repairs are made, thought I won't lie, I don't always recommend that if it's only a few hundred dollars of repairs. 




 NO ULTIMA ONLINE?! You've never played a MMO 




 Laser Pointer. 




 I'm 28, much too old for this kind of imagination. But when I saw this today and kept picturing Foley still alive next to this coward. I wish I could have just teleported there, as this dirtball spoke into his 3rd world GoPro, with a machine gun, and spray that sick bastard down.  




 Only thing that worries me about NTEK. I feel like eventually the native 4k will be built within the TV's  




 You think it's hyped now..... 




 Would love to hear that. 




 I know this is purely speculation but I'm just curious, what do you think will be the ceiling of the GTAT stock if Apple released that the sapphire will be used on ALL iPhones and the upcoming iWatch.

Once again I know it's speculation but curious peoples responses that are much wiser then me.  




 Oh.... oh yes!  




 Well now I can sit in silence and feel like a real Einstein, thank you.

I think that this was the first episode that really made me enjoy the story as a whole. Before this episode, even though it felt like some of the story lines were coming together, they still felt mostly frayed.  




 I could go on for hours about the death of Gladys. My girlfriend doesn't get home for an hour, and I'm just sitting in silence mind fucked. 

Why did they kill Gladys? Did they really kill Gladys? What does it say about Gladys that she was begging for her life during the stoning? Did Gladys death really do that much good? Wtf is Patti saying 99% of the time? Why was it so important for her to die? Why did Kevin have to understand THAT way?  WHY, WHY, WHY!?! 




 OMG.. The glass?!? The neck?!? But in the end... I still have no idea what I'm watching and I will be back next Sunday. 




 I definitely will update this post if anyone is interested. I put another $2,000 into GTAT on Thursday. I have 2 closings this upcoming week but hopefully after I get through the craziness I can continue studying investments and invest a few more thousand.  




 Purchased and received today. Not exactly what I was looking for but will definitely be a great starting place. I'll read this first.  




