



















 So I start college in the fall and they offer an EMT training/certification course. It's something I'm very interested in but I'm pretty out if shape. Lifting wise it's not that bad because I've been lifting for about 5 months now, but cardio and BF% wise I'm waaay out of shape. 237lbs, 5'9. But I have lost about 10lbs so far! Anyways would it be better to take the class and get certified once I'm more in shape or would I be good to go now? 









 Special thanks to /u/CongratsOnYourBike (and the rest of rideit) for [his advice](http://www.reddit.com/r/motorcycles/comments/2b5hl0/why_cant_i_use_the_clutch_properly_its_so/cj201cr). To be completely honest, I was about ready to write off motorcycles as a lost cause, but today was so fun once I got the whole pressing thing.

So I'm wondering how I can practice more. My instructors recommended that I come back and take the intermediate rider training or practice for awhile before I really try to hit the streets so I don't stall out in an intersection or something. I can work on all that friction zone stuff at my house, but to practice braking my issue is that the nearest large empty parking lot is a few miles away. Any ideas on what I should do? 




 So I just finished my first day of my MSF course and they've got me on a GN125. I can't get the clutch right. I'm either rocketing off the line uncontrollably or I stall out. I get off the line correctly about 50% of the time and the rest I'm just having trouble. Do you have any tips or tricks? The parking lot we're using is weird because it's sloped a bit so you have to apply more throttle depending on ehat side youre on. I need to improve clutch control because I really do not want to fail tomorrow and have to pay another 200 dollars. 









 Iirc the most dangerous place for motorcyclists is actually within the city, specifically in intersections. Which makes me wonder, why doesn't cycling have the same reputation as motorcycling? In the city a bicyclist is basically a slow motorcyclist with less protection.  









 http://imgur.com/a/awt1S (NSFW) 

She's an instagram fitness model famous for the belfie (butt selfie) 

 









 I kind of like the look of [this bike without the fairing](http://oi44.tinypic.com/2wnd2f6.jpg)

Specifically the bit I circled in green [here](http://i.imgur.com/OEYnVqk.jpg) 




 Tl;dr: Would it work as a social lubricant? 









 I found a 2000 KTM EX250 for $1825, but I can't tell you how many times I've seen someone make a joke about getting their buddy a tool kit with their KTM. It would be my primary mode of transportation, 20 miles round trip per day on highways and surface streets. Plus however much I ride trails.  



















 So I'm looking for a sort of casual shoe/boot that could work with most outfits. I'm not the type of guy that wears kicks or leather boots. I primarily wear Nike frees, vans, and topsiders.

I kind of like these

http://images2.revzilla.com/product_images/0070/9488/sidi_gas_shoes_zoom.jpg

And these

http://images3.revzilla.com/product_images/0069/6378/dainese_merida_shoe_black_zoom.jpg

I'm open to suggestions though. I'm buying my first bike, a GS500E in a couple weeks. It's a standard/naked.

Edit:

Here's a bunch of different shoes and boots for motorcycling. I'm not looking to spend more than $150

http://www.revzilla.com/motorcycle-boots#v2-page=1 page_size=48 sort= tab=all 














 They posted a couple videos of tests that included a drag test and holding the material up to some kind of spinning metal wheel thing. It seemed to out perform kevlar.  




 So here's the listing. It's a ninja 500

http://eugene.craigslist.org/mcy/4528619780.html


The alternative being this GS500

http://eugene.craigslist.org/mcy/4558114417.html

I know these prices aren't great for these bikes but the local market isn't great either. To get cheaper prices I'd have to go to Portland and then ride the bike through portland and on the interstate for 2hrs which I'm not sure I'd be comfortable doing right off the bat. 














 *be helpful 




 So I was on Craigslist looking for bikes and I found a GSX600 streetfighter and I think I came when I saw it. 

http://i.imgur.com/b3mGlJ2.jpg

It looks like sex. How are these things when it comes to acceleration and all that jazz? 









 I'll start off by saying that I mean no disrespect to you, /u/WNW3. I think you're doing a fine job, but I liked the vibe of this sub when we governed ourselves. I do think that we need a mod to update the sidebar and post meetups and whatnot, but beyond that I think they should be hands off. Experimentation with subreddit dynamics is, in my opinion, a poor idea. 









 M/18/5'10/SW:247/CW:???/GW:150

So six months ago I wouldn't touch a salad with a ten foot pole and the only time I did anything that would get me out of breath was when I went up stairs quickly. 4 months ago I started a strength and conditioning class at my high school which got my mile time from a ~16:40 to a ~13:15, which is great! but I wasn't progressing fast enough! So, I go to the gym twice a day now! In the early afternoon I go do a 40-60 min cardio/light lifting workout, and on the way I stop and pick up a cobb or caesar salad and a bottle of water. Then in the evening I go do a 40-60 minute light cardio/heavy lifting session. I haven't been completely keeping track of my calories but I think I'm eating around 1800-2000 per day. I've been supplementing creatine and whey protein so that I can continue to build muscle mass while in caloric deficit. 









 I kind of want to try a [teatox](http://www.bootea.com/products/14-day-teatox), partly to prove to myself that I can, partly because I'm hoping that it'll clear my mind, and partly because I think a strict plan will help me cut calories.  









 So I'm starting at a CC in California and I noticed that they offer an EMT course and it got me thinking. Would it be possible to work as an EMT Basic and attend school full time? The primary ambulance company in the area is AMR btw. I figure I could take the EMT course this coming term, get fully certified over spring term and start working over the summer, assuming there's a job opening.  







































 I've been away from the reddit nootropics community for awhile, but last time I was here everyone seemed to recommend modup.net as modafinil/armodafinil vendor. 





























 I'm thinking about going on a cleanse for multiple reasons, one of which is to sorta kick start my weight loss because I've been stuck for a while, but also to feel more energetic and happy 






























































































 You sacrificed yourself in the line of duty for the sake of others. That is the ultimate sacrifice. So for that, here's to you, Capt. David Van Camp. May you forever rest in peace.

http://imgur.com/a/jSOAJ

Context

http://www.reddit.com/r/cigars/comments/29d5ny/smokedrink_one_for_captain_dave_tomorrow_please/cijwryb?context=3 




 I found one for 3k and I'm tempted to pull the trigger. Would it be too powerful or too unreliable or anything like that? Im 5'9, 230 lbs, riding experience is limited to the MSF course. 

Side note, most if the bikes I'm looking at are 70's/80's motorcycles, primarily British and Japanese, are old bikes just a bad idea in terms of reliability and safety?  
























 I've been to two gyms in my town (a YMCA, and a local athletic club) and neither have had an area to deadlift, nor have they had the big bumper plates. 






















































 Often times I'm in a rush and have little money so I'm forced to go to McDonald's, BK, or DQ. What are some healthy options from drive thru restaurants? I always skip the soda. Usually at mcdonalds I'll get the 10 pc mcnuggets with medium fries. At DQ I'll get the 6 piece chicken strip basket. At BK I'll get a burger and medium satisfries 




 So I've been bench pressing for about 4 months, and in that time I've also tried DB press at least once a week, but anytime I'm using dumbells that are actually hard to lift I have trouble balancing them and keeping my wrists from wobbling and keeping them in control through the rep. I don't  have this problem when I'm bench pressing. Any tips or advice?  









 I was just looking at a post I recently made and when I clicked the link, which when I posted it lead to a picture of a jacket, it redirected to a porn site. 




 My favorite breakfast of champions is:

[1 scoop of Optimum Nutrition Oats and Whey](http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B002DYJ0K2?vs=1) - ~200 calories

10 oz of 1% milk - 125 calories (12.5 cal an oz)

1 banana - 105 calories

Blended all together gets you a surprisingly filling ~425 calorie chocolate banana breakfast shake. Toss it in your shaker and mix occasionally to prevent the protein powder from settling. 




 My favorite breakfast of low BF% champions is:

- 1 scoop of Optimum Nutrition Oats and Whey - 200 calories

- 10 oz of 1% milk - 125 calories

- 1 banana - 105 calories

Blended all together gets you a surprisingly filling 435 calorie chocolate and banana breakfast shake. Toss in shaker and mix occasionally to prevent protein powder from settling.  
























 I purchased ON creatine monohydrate and instead of dissolving it settles on the bottom of my shaker. 














 I'm between gyms at the moment and looking around. I'm especially interested in the snap fitness by market of choice on Willamette 









 So I've been lifting for about 3.5 months now and I'm at this kind of weird inbetween stage where I could really do either a beginner or intermediate workout. I'm looking for something that I can do 5-6 days per week. My primary goals are strength building, fat loss, and muscle growth. 

I'm so confused by the different workout plans and I have no idea how to decide. I've looked at a [P/P/L Routine](http://forum.bodybuilding.com/showthread.php?t=149807833) but it seems like it'll leave you with an underdeveloped lower back. I've looked at [Cory Gregory's program](http://www.bodybuilding.com/fun/cory-gregory-fitness-360-lifted-up-training.html) and that one also looks good but I would probably have to sub out day 6 for a rest day. 




 I'm thinking about starting this now. This would be my first legitimate workout routine, previously I've just been following a loose list of lifts set up by the weightlifting teacher at my high school but I've just graduated so I figure I should start a legit program. My goals are fat loss, strength gains, and a bit of bodybuilding. 

Here's the workout:

http://forum.bodybuilding.com/showthread.php?t=149807833

I'm concerned about underdevelopment of the lower back woth that program but I figure I can just do the variant that includes deadlifts. 

I'm also eyeing this program, but it might be a bit much. If I did it I think I'd sub out the 500 and 1000 rep days for cardio days.


http://www.bodybuilding.com/fun/cory-gregory-fitness-360-lifted-up-training.html 



















 I've seen a lot of bodybuilder bro science that says 1-2gallons per day (how is that even possible???) But I'm having to dig pretty deep to get a legit answer. Anyone know? 









 Would using protein powder work to help me lose weight? My plan is to use it as a meal for breakfast and occasionally other meals if I'm in a rush. The stuff I'm looking at is 120 cal/24g protein/1g sugar per serving so I figure it's healthy enough and the protein will fill me up nicely while also help in me take a nice chunk out of my calories. I do lift and have been doing so for about 4 months.

Edit: 

Secondary question,  for meal replacement would it be better to use whey or casein? 




 I'm trying to lose weight but I don't want to lose my gains. Would it work for me to take creatine for a week every once in a while or a few days a month so that I can pack on some muscle without getting the water weight side effect of regular creatine use? 














 My doctor put me on 150mg of welbutrin about 3 months ago and it worked for a while but it seems like my depression is coming back. Not as badly as before but it's definitely there. I'm going off to college im two and a half months so do you think it'd be best to ask my doctor to bump me up to 300mg or to wait and ask the college medical center? 




 I was doing modified dips yesterday, feet up on a bench and hands on boxes on either side of me, and after the first rep my collarbone started hurting like a bizatch. I could only do one more before the pain became unbearable. It hurt for about ten minutes afterwards and then went away and I continued my workout, even doing bench press with no problem. I chalked ut up to me being heavy and not having trained for that exercise before. Today though my left collarbone has a slightly dull pain when I move my left arm or head. Can DOMS occur around your clavicle after dips or do I have another problem?

At the time of the workout the pain was probably a 7/10, now it's a 2 or 3/10 




 I was doing modified dips yesterday, feet up on a bench and hands on boxes on either side of me, and after the first rep my collarbone started hurting like a bizatch. I could only do one more before the pain became unbearable. It hurt for about ten minutes afterwards and then went away and I continued my workout, even doing bench press with no problem. I chalked ut up to me being heavy and not having trained for that exercise before. Today though my left collarbone has a slightly dull pain when I move my left arm or head. Can DOMS occur around your clavicle after dips or do I have another problem?  














 So I'm looking for a low calorie/carb/fat/sugar, high protein powder that I can use to supplement small meals. My goal is to cut weight. Here's my problem though, protein powder brands are confusing as fuck. I've been told that muscle milk is straddling the line between a genuine protein powder and a full meal replacement powder. That's the only brand I actually know of and I'm wary of consuming powders from a ranfom source.  
























 Material,  graphic lifespan, etc 









 It's a modification of your standard bench press sets. I put my usual BP weight, 25 each side, on the bars using 5lb plates. I do 10 reps for each set, and remove 10lbs after every set. For the last three sets I increase the number of reps by 5 so that on my very last set I'm doing 25 reps with just the bar. My friend that showed it to me called it a burnout but I've come to learn that a burnout is something else. 




 I've been lifting for about 3.5 months now. Gained a bit of muscle, haven't lost any weight. I'd rather lose weight than gain muscle but doing both would be a huge plus.  




 Idk if you guys saw but the Daily Nexus released a list of all the Guachos that died this year. 11 total. It also makes me wonder just how many Isla Vistans die every year. I think that every year on either may 23 or may 28 we should have a paddle out to honor all those that fell on that tragic day and all those that die each year in Isla Vista. 









 http://www.hashtagfifty.com/ 




 Both the DAC and the Y are closed 




 "I mean, they say you die twice. One time when you stop breathing and a second time, a bit later on, when somebody says your name for the last time."

Let's not give that monster what he wanted. Let his second death happen when the last reporter utters his name. However, let's make sure the people that died at his hands live on forever.  




 Anyone want to get the ball rolling on this?

https://www.sbfoundation.org/islavista
Here is an article on the shooting:

http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/isla-vista-rampage/gunman-kills-least-six-uc-santa-barbara-shooting-spree-n113931

Summary: A SBCC student tired of being rejected by women decided to have his "day of retribution." He stabbed his three roommates, ~~all believed to be chinese exchange students~~ two of whom were exchange students and one was an American, and then went on a shooting spree in Isla Vista where he intended to kill sorority girls. He ended up killing two sorority girls and one male UCSB student. 7 other people were wounded either due to bullet wounds or being hit by his car. The shooter wrote a 140 page manifesto detailing his hatred of women and outlining his plan to get revenge on society. He also posted a video on YouTube which is essentially a condensed version of his manifesto. 





























 I wouldn't mind a bit of dropkick murphys or blink 182.  And Radical Something even has a song about us 









 Didn't go, anyone got pics or vids so I can see why I too should be obsessed? 














 The only way I could get it to turn off was by removing the battery which I've done twice but that didn't work. 




 I want to work on a ranch next summer doing work like mending fences, digging irrigation, herding cattle, but I've got no experience in agriculture. Honestly, I kind of want to do this because being a cowboy sounds like a fun adventure, even if it requires doing a lot of dirty work. Next summer will be after my freshman year of college, what kind of part time work can I get to help build my resume for this? Currently I've got a line on a construction job. What websites advertise these jobs? I'd prefer to work in Wyoming, Montana, or Colorado at a larger ranch. Thanks for your help! And I apologize if the answers seem obvious to you guys but this whole industry is confusing to a kid that grew up in a city.  









 IE: scumbag steve type posts, bad luck brians, good guy gregs, etc 




 I was telling my friend about a forearm tattoo I want to get that has lettering and he was saying that typically a forearm tattoo has the bottom facing the wrist and the top facing the elbow which seemed counter intuitive to me because I wouldn't be able to read my own tattoo without putting my arm in an awkward position.  












































 I know that we're considered one of the most bike friendly cities especially due to the bike lanes they add whenever they repave streets, but it seems exceedingly dangerous,  especially because a lot of bikers don't follow the rules of the road. I've seen one biker get hit in my years here, and I've been in and seen plenty of near misses. Just today I was walking on the bike path by SEHS and I saw some kid fly into the parking lot at 10-15 mph and nearly get hit by a car that didn't see him.

Until Eugene expands the bike path a bit more I'm afraid that I'll always view them as a bit of a nuisance.  














 I've never really been on campus at night but last week I was driving around campus at 11 o'clock on a friday night and I was surprised that I didn't see any house parties during my travels. I'm obviously nit planning on dropping in, but I've heard that there's one street that has a bunch of parties.  









 So I'm a fat ass but I've started taking a strength and conditioning class to get in shape and lose weight. Running hurts my back like a bitch. I think I need to lose more weight before I can actually run. Should I use an elliptical, or bike, or some other stationary machine instead? 

Lifting is no problem although I did jack my back up doing SL deadlifts but it's almost back to normal now. 














 Basically are there any that are not massive fast food chains? 









