 I find myself going a few weeks without masturbating at times. It's not even like I abstain, I just don't feel like it most of the time.

So yeah, it depends on the person and how they say it, and situation dependant. 




 I'm writing one at the moment. I have a backstory and an ending in mind. The rest is as it goes.

Though i'm doing a _lot_ of procrastination on that. 

I'd say so! 




 My border turns 11 this year too! He's still as manic as ever. I think they Immortal, sometimes. 




 Apps on smartphones. I see other people's handsets and they're absolutely overloaded on silly games, gadgets and other faffery. 

I have a couple of News apps and a music mood thinger, and that's it. I can't sit and stare at my phone for extended periods of time. 




 "Dude, it's been like 10 years. Wait 'til you see the fucking sweeet flying car I learned to fly. I can do loops and shit with it, though I have bumped a few kids on their hoverboards.

Also, dude. Space Marines are _real_" 




 Thanks! I love making up characters - though I never thought I'd make one for the ME universe. Yet another character to wander around in my head. :D 




 Well, that's what I get on average a month. I get about 60MPG when I drive well enough 




 As someone who fills up once per month on a payday - the whole Panic Buying thing _really_ ticked me off today. I was forced to buy the Premium stuff because I like to run my tank to fumes before filling up.

Yeah, Kinda my own fault, but the whole thing kicked off on Monday - guess who had no money until today. :(

300 miles to a tank though. Bitchin'. 




 I'd probably be a Quarian Engineer.

Rei'einya vas Sayania - Left the Migrant fleet to embark upon his pilgrimage, and is still on it! He has spent years wandering the Galaxy, salvaging, fixing and interacting with the other races as he goes.

In his travels, he's managed to save up enough credits to buy himself a small frigate, which he uses to travel to and fro. He is a free spirit and is even considering returning to the Migrant Fleet, to announce his plans to remain outside the fleet. He'll visit, obviously, but he enjoys exploring and meeting new people far too much.

(Oh god, did I just make a Mass Effect OC? Keelah..) 




 It was a sort of nick I came up with a few years back. Stuck with it longer than all my previous alias' - and it's better than;

Coolio55, Cid55 and NatH 




 Doctor Who. There are so many mind fucks on your first run, watching it all again isn't the same, you know what goes down.

Also - Mass Effect, because aside from the ending, holy shit all 3 games were amazing. 




 [](/twibeam)I have absolutely no idea what I just read, but it was full of **SCIENCE** 




 Redbubble are good. Ordered a few shirts off there. :) They were shipped pretty quick too. 




 My ringtone is the "Gimmie Gimmie Shock Treatment" Static X cover

[](/priceless)and my text tone is John De Lancie saying "Guh, this again?" 




 When I first saw the ["HUURRR I'M A HOERS"](http://pigroll.com/img/hurr_im_a_hoers.jpg) Image.

Damn, I had to stop what I was doing for 20 minutes to calm down. 




 [](/fabulous)I'm subbed to 189 subreddits, and it's kind of hard to pick my favourite.

I post the most here in AskReddit, but I lurk a _lot_ on /r/mylittlepony

 




 My friend went in there and did the test, He knew it was all grip strength that sent the reading wacky. It was funny as hell. If the poor guy interviewing him believed it worked, he must have thought my friend was a proper nutjob 




 [](/hahaha) Not OP - but I airsoft a fair bit.

Most airsoft guns are battery powered, some pistols are gas powered though. If you're hiring on site, most places will offer replica coloured guns, though you can buy your own two-toned with no UKARA Licence

Airsoft shots sting like a bitch, but not as bad as paintball - I think a single hit anywhere on the body will count as a kill.

Obviously, rules can vary site to site.

As for your knockout - Go for it, it'll be funny. Take vids. 




 It was my first visit to the Netherlands ever in '07. 

I'd love to visit again, everyone was so nice. :D  




 [](/pinkiefear)Brugge, Belgium: Holy shit so many bikes 




 [](/flutteryay)The stars, the moon,
They have all been blown out,
You left me in the dark.

No dawn, no day,
I'm always in this twilight,
In the shadow of your heart.  




 [](/hahaha)I think it might be 50 times _today_

[Caravan Palace - Clash](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yebo5ILBMC0 ob=av2n) 




 Fuck, it hurts just even thinking about it... 




 If you were the Goofy in Florida in 2004, and the stupid teenager ran away from you - My bad, you chased me a little bit. It was warm and I can only imagine how you felt in the suit. 




 Aw, and I got all excited then too.
Welp, now I know how to fuck with people. :D 




 Because cake is ace. 




 Must have been about 6 years ago now, we were just getting into DnD and we were in the process of creating our characters. 

Most of us had already read through the rulebook and were in the process of refining them, our other friend was still reading through, picking his class and traits and all that. 

It was pretty late on, and the host's little sister was asleep.

Suddenly, with absolutely no warning, the guy reading the rulebook just shouted out "I CAN'T READ"

We blinked - assumed he meant he couldn't read, and was looking at the pictures in the rulebook. We were rolling around the place laughing.

He looked totally dumbfounded and then was all "Ah! No! My character! Not me!"

It was too late, the little sister had woken up, and we were in for shit when the host's parents woke up. 




 Hmm.. I've always thought of this. I'd go for a Augmented Reality interface, coupled up with a personal HUD embedded in my vision. With a sweet aesthetic look - much like SFX contact lenses. 

I could turn the Augmented view off with a series of blinks though, I could see it getting in the way if I ever just wanted to see something pretty.

And maybe some kind of heat resistant material on my hands. I burn my hands all the damn time picking up pans and oven trays and shit.  




 Yeah.. I was gonna say. I took Tali and Garrus and saw them on the cinematic.

Eh. I'm still confused. 




 Wait, the guys you take died on the beam?

I was so immersed, I didn't even notice, I was just all "GOTTA GET TO THE BEAM"...

I feel bad now. 




 I think they're still on the Tom + Jerry chef stuff in the UK

(Van driver - I pass them all the time) 




 Custard Creams. Man, I'll kill for those things. 




 I didn't _hate_ the ending.. I just hated the lack of sense it made, and the complete lack of a follow up to either choice you made.

[No matter what, Shep dies (Unless you get that secret ending), but no matter the choice you have (Synth, destruction or control), the Relays get destroyed, and all we're left with is a Normandy Crash Landing on an unknown planet with your crew who were with you not 15 minutes ago, running behind you before you got fried](/spoiler)

_There's no follow up, that's what makes me mad._ What Shep did at the end was totally in character, he'd do that if it meant it would end the threat. 




 Hah, hey there fellow Brony! :D [](/hahaha)

I'll just echo [Honilee's](http://www.reddit.com/r/asexuality/comments/qsdun/i_was_routed_here_by_some_bronies/c403dzi) comment, discovering the sub and the community just gave me that sense of "Dude.. This is me." and there's others like me. 




 Ho, dawgies, I've been digging in ASDA's blind bags. 




 Superbad. Seriously dislike the film. Jonah Hill's character made me want to pick up and leave my friend's house mid-watch.

 




 Aah, I was in Blue last year. We were camped next to some guys playing some crazy Toilet Roll + Water bottle drinking game. 




 Shortly after being showered. [Oh god why am I posting this](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/-rQN-trCzSCk/T1PdmKfodWI/AAAAAAAAOfI/fss2tV2Jjr0/h301/2012-03-04-032.jpg)
I am making a pathetic attempt to gain facial hair.

It is miserably failing. 




 Dude, where were you camped? You look awfully familiar.  




 I dropped history in my 4th year, took on Geography instead

In the 3 years I did take history though, I learned absolutely naff all, really. 

We were more focused on the World Wars, Ancient Egypt, and I remember this point where we focused on this fella dubbed "Peat Man" 




 Despite how much I hate Hollyoaks (British TV soap opera - total bollocks), [I quite like the intro](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7iL6gZJC48c feature=related) 




 Still feel for you guys having to do the dwarves while I was dicking around in Org with me new mount! :D 




 Doesn't do wood, though.. 




 I would! If in a year I still want a pony-related tat, I'll get one. Subtle-like. 




 PONIES!

Man, the more I look at the word Ponies, the less sense it makes. 




 If you don't mind the source - [Smile, Smile, Smile!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNrXMOSkBas) From MLP cheers me right up

_"I love to see you grin. (Awesome!), I love to see you beam. (Rock on!) The corners of your mouth turned up, is always Pinkie's dream! (Hoof bump!)_ 




 Sorry to be a pain, Lorck, but can you remove Zeifey from the list? I dragged my 85 hunter over from my old realm.

Shaile is pretty much ready for raiding. 366 ilevel currently, Valour capped this week, which is a pain, but I'll replace my current 333 trinket and 346 ring when the reset hits wednesday, should be good to LFR then! 




 Fellow My Little Companion user! Greetings! 




 I don't get ID'd for Alcohol any more.

It's awesome, but after the 7th consecutive time, I realised.. I'm getting old. 




 I listen to Nickelback

I watch My Little Pony

Dogs  Cats

And one more for kicks. I don't like Sex 




 /r/mylittlepony

It's seriously made me what I am today. Just on an accidental click on the Random button. 




 "Don't be a dick" 




 Go to Options  Video, and there's a drop down menu. you can pick Fullscreen, Windowed or Windowed (Fullscreen)

Windowed (Fullscreen) is the borderless mode. It's a dream when you're running multiple monitors. 




 Definately set on my hunter now

Zeifey - DPS

Might be another week before I hit 85. Soon, though! 




 Chronicle.

Sweeeeeet.
[Unless I was the guy who got killed.  Or the fucked up kid.](/spoiler)

Edited for Spoilers. Sorry! Posted last thing last night 




 I knew it was either Adventure or Quest, I always get mixed up.

I never actually noticed that though. :D 




 Played the shit out of DK Country 2: Diddy Kong's Adventure when I was a kidder on my SNES. Got it for an emu the other month and played the shit out of it again. 




 http://www.wow-petopia.com/ 




 My friend uses this, and I keep swearing I'll use this myself one day:

TM: Hey there, can I speak to Mr or Mrs [Lastname]

Friend: ... They died last week! [sobs]

TM: Oh.. I'm sorry.

Making a Telemarketer awkward is always awesome, but if it was the bank, (They'd tell him) he'd be like "Oh no, they're fine. I'm just messin'" 




 I can't find the image again, and I never saved it. Kicking myself for that. I remember it being a cleaning cart with a paragraph on it 




 Seriously. I've been stuck in a dead end job for 5 years running now, and after seeing one image a few weeks back, I realised what the hell I was doing - absolutely nothing.

I am now in the planning stages of starting my own business - an LAN centre (I've a passion for gaming and socialising)
I'm now in the mindset that _I can totally fucking do this!_

I'm inquiring into properties and this weekend, I think I'm going checking out one of the places I've eyed up.

So again, from the very bottom of my heart, Thank you, /getmotivated.

Stay Hungry. 




 Levelled a hunter to 85, raided with him in heroic WoTLK content and most of Cata normals. Currently levelling another on a different realm + faction.

1. Nope - Int was _okay_ back before Cata, but with the change to Focus, Int is useless now. Get the mail gear (or the leather set at a push)

2. It's not too bad - but I'm not too much of a PvPer, I arena'd with a Holydin for a bit in WoTLK and I had a fair bit of fun kiting warriors and paladins

3. Depends. Questing is BM hands down. Get a bear or another [Tenacity pet](http://www.wow-petopia.com/). Personal tank!  If you're Dungeon levelling, (It's been a while for me) it doesn't really matter, whichever suits your playstyle.  




 May 17th.. Dad's birthday is 13th May.

Great. 




 DeviantART + Snopes, mostly. Never did finish reading the Urban Legends 




 If you also lack a sexual drive, you could be Asexual 

/r/asexuality and [AVEN](http://www.asexuality.org/home/) should help you find out. :) 




 Of course I do, in the blood of my enemies. 




 It's true I do own an axe and do have tendencies to go into a frothing rage.

But I am quite civilised and will sit down for a cup of tea before swinging like a savage 




 Well, I've been unacceptable for years.

I wear a beanie at work. 




 Coolio55

Yeah. Habbo Hotel, baby. 




 Music tastes are subjective. Everyone has their own.. style that they like best. SOAPF and Reroute to Remain really do it for me with In Flames 




 I think I'll be lynched by r/metal (again) for this, but In Flames. A Sense of Purpose was a bit meh, but Sounds of a Playground Fading is my new favourite album. :D

Anders has changed his vocal style from a deep growl to a more.. screamy style. But it's a nice one. They've gotten a lot more melodic too. They've been going 22-ish years now, to be fair. 




 Not necessairly weird or crazy, but I can only remember bits and peices, but it's been the only dream I've remebered for months.

It's a normal day. Walking in the town centre on a cold winter's day.. and it suddenly gets warm. Warm enough to take the jacket I was wearing off and wrap it around my waist.

It's getting warmer and warmer, I look up, wondering if we just happened to catch a good day... The sun was much bigger than before. It was getting bigger.

All of a sudden, I'm in some kind of Canyon, steam rising from the river at the bottom.  I must be flying, because I look down and I'm right over the chasm, I've no body. The sun was supposed to be setting, though if it was midday, it probably would have taken up half the sky at least.

Then suddenly, an explosion over the horizon. I look back up, A wall of white rips the canyon below me apart. There is nothing left.

I wake up. Somehow the curtains were open and the sun was right in my face.  

I think I witnessed the end of the world. 




 Lets see...

[Alex S - Party with Pinkie](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sryqaS07WaU)

[Devildriver - Grinfucked](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AWKppF-ZcBI)

[Florence   The Machine - Cosmic Love](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EIeUlvHAiM ob=av3e)

(Edited for song links) 




 Way too many. My head is a whirly-swirly bastard machine full of ideas. I might try pitching an idea at some point, they're super fun to watch in my head. 




 It's my cake day too!

It's not going too bad, actually. Quite boring. 




 It was 2002 (or somewhere around that time)

Furbies were just starting to gain popularity and we were on holiday in Turkey. We saw them. My 12 year old self and my 8 year old sister _had_ to have one.

I settled for a green one, and my sister went for a black and white one.

We played quite happily with them for a day or two. Poking its belly, sticking our fingers in their mouth, all that jazz.

There was that one night, it was stormy as all hell outside, our parents were at the hotel bar downstairs, me and my sister were in the room, trying to sleep on the sofas, Furbies on the tables opposite us.

The lightning cracked outside, giving the room that lighting you see in horror movies (you know, with the cracked shutters?)

They were there. Staring at us, eyes wider than fucking dinner plates.

These things close their eyes when they "sleep". But there they were, staring at us. My sister was on the other sofa, and hers was doing the same. I heard her start to wail.

"Feed me!"

I don't think I ever punched a toy so hard in my life. 

Since then, not heard a peep off the thing, it's hiding in the attic. Somewhere. Not sure where. I'm always careful when I go up there, though. Demonic little bastards. 




 I'm currently on the "How can I do it?" step.

Mainly because I've no fucking clue what's going on and and stepping way out of my comfort zone on this. 




 Thanks, you too, my good man! 




 Crash Bash was legendary. Wasted many a weekend with my sister playing it. 




 So, today (Yesterday? Meh. it's 1am) was my birthday, and I got to thinking.
What the fuck am I doing? I mean, yes, I'm planning this whole internet/gaming caf thing out, but there's this part of me that knows I'm pretty much secure in this job that I have right now. It's boring as fuck though, and I've been doing it for two years now.

(and that's only because I got shifted department. I did 3 1/2 years in the most soul sucking department ever known to have existed, and I'd still be there now if it wasn't for the fact that I slacked off a bit.)

I digress

I'm a big fat pansy when it comes to security. I've been working almost every day since I was 13. It started with my little paper round I picked up, and since then, my jobs have overlapped each other, only leaving the prior once the workload eventually sent me mad. So that puts me at nearly 10 years working. I went to college for a year (Americans, College here is 16-18. University is 18+) I dropped out after a year, because I couldn't fucking stand it.

Unless I grow a fucking backbone and learn that being a fucking warehouse lackey is an "Inbetween jobs" job and that I should kick my own ass into finding funding and property for my ideas, I'm going to be stuck there for years and years and years. Even the prospect of that pisses me off.

On another point - I live in England. Our nightlife, like many others revolves around getting drunk, flirting, pulling and eventually having sex. Mostly.
Girls won't even look at me twice if they're not drunk.

Here's my problem. I'm not much of a drinker. I'll go out, maybe have a few bevvies, hang out with the lads, then the girls are completely wasted and start flirting with everyone. Every fucker in that bar is out for a one night stand - I'm Asexual - no fucking interest in sex whatso-fucking-ever. Going out on a weekend is a waste of my money, and a waste of my time.

Every few weeks, I lie in bed, thinking. "What the fuck, man. Everyone you know is getting girls, getting engaged and being happy. What have you got? Fucking no-one."
I get sad as hell, and start thinking I'm destined to live alone, that creepy dude living in that flat upstairs all on his own, never leaving except to work. But what the fuck am I to do? I sure as hell don't give a fuck about sex (Aha, pun!), so any relationship I wish to pursue will end up falling apart after a few weeks, because "He's that guy who never puts out, even for his girlfriend"

There. Vent over. If you read it... thanks, I guess? 




 I'm a big scaredy cat when it comes to healing. When I'm on a roll, I'm quite happy. One little fail will send me on a downward spiral of "Oh god I'm terrible why did I even try" as some might have seen a few weeks ago.

I'm a little busy this weekend, but after work (dependant on how I'm feeling, too!) I might give healing another try and see how it goes 




 The fact that _everyone_ is different. No two people are alike - personality wise. There are so many different people to mee, though it makes me a little sad that I'll never get to meet them all. :(

That, and the small acts of kindness I occasionally see. I always feel better after seeing one, then I usually go and do 3 or 4 myself. 




 Visited back in '07. Didn't want to leave. Everyone I met was super-chill and happy to chat for a little bit. My choices would either be Belgium, Sweden or Canada. :D 




 I've lost me authenticator!

I've ordered a new one, but I'm not going to detach my old one until my new one comes in. I'm a little wary of hackers, and I've spent waaaay too much time earning all the gold I have across the realms I play(ed) on. Not risking losing it, even if I can get it back off a GM. xP

~~Hopefully, It'll be here soon.~~ Sorry for not posting earlier. :(

(Disregard that, It got here this morning! See you in game tonight. :D)

~Zeifey 




 Love the Flair! Surprised you put Bolton in there. :P
Layout's pretty cool too. Thanks for the work! :D 




 With the rise of Smartphones and laptops, would an internet Caf be widely used? 




 I'm the same. My nails become nothing if I'm in shotgun, the backseat - I'm not as bad. 

I usually drive when with friends, just for the sake of my sanity! 




 After my abysmal attempt at healing in yesterday's HC dungeon, I think I'll roll with what I know best until I get back into the game (I've been off for a few months)

Gonna roll on with my Hunter (Zeifey) for a while. Might hit 85 end of this week, or mid next week if all goes to plan!  




 Fucking hate this thing. Guaranteed I'll see it every week before I go to bed. (Someone will post it at 1am. They just know, the bastards) 




 Smoked up for the first time last night and got a serious case of the coughs.

I have learned now, and will buy this next time. 




 I wub you too, Karma! [](/raritydaww) 




 I use an Emulator with my copy of the game. I've got a new-ish GPU and it still struggles on very busy environments. Make sure your PC is powerful enough! 




 Shameless copy paste from a reply before:

I toked up tonight with the lads. I didn't reach a [10]. I probably reached somewhere along the lines of a [2] or a [3] I just found things funny for no reason and felt really sleepy.

Then we ordered takeaway and played some halo. 




 Thanks for the advice. I actually toked up tonight with the lads. I didn't reach a [10]. I probably reached somewhere along the lines of a [2] or a [3] I just found things funny for no reason and felt really sleepy.

Then we ordered takeaway and played some halo. 




 Pefect, thank you! Just what I was looking for. We'll be smoking up at their place, and they're my best mates - so I've no worries there. :) 




 Nice one! Wish I was there to cheer you guys on. Next time, you'll have the one lone hunter on, cheering you on from /g :P 




 I've only ever seen Star Wars: Episode 1, the Phantom Menace.

I plan to remedy this, soon. 




 I've not really smoked many cigs, either. I have done a few though, so a joint would probably be best for me. (I have also used a hookah, but with Shish flavouring) 




 I've never smoked before, and for the past few months, I've been considering giving it a try. I know a few smokers IRL, so I'll probably be lighting up with those guys, but they can't really remember their first blaze - it was a while ago

So I've come to you guys for a bit of help.

What should I expect from my first time, so I don't freak out? I think the guys usually just do joints, but they do own bongs. Which is more intense, which would you recommend?

If there's a comprehensive thread on this, feel free to whack me on the head and tell me to go over there. 




 Me too, brony. I actually welled up a little bit. And that's only reserved for when I get hurt lots or other various bad things. 




 I just got back from The Darkest Hour, but I still welled up like it was my kid who just said "Daddy" for the first time. 

I'm not even a dad!

[](/raritydaww"I might just have to take up Babysitting..") 




 [](/allmybits"SHUT UP AND TAKE MY BITS") 




 Dude. I just got finishing watching The Office (US) for the first time.

He's not that crazy, I assure you.
Maybe a little bit crazy. 




 Yeah, but they're cool guys. Pretty relaxed place. I mean, who lets us flings a screaming stuffed monkey around the offices and joins in after 3 or 4 throws? :D 




 I remember when I was offered a job, my name must have been passed around the office as "New guy [train_subject8542] is starting Monday." I had so many friend requests even before I started. xD 

Turns out that total random guy "poking" me 2 weeks before I started was my boss. 




 3.50 for my usual poison in the local. Pint of cider.

Pissed myself when they asked for 7 for a Double Vodka+Coke when I was in Newcastle 




 I'm a member, but I've not been for some time.
It's quite a ways out for me to come down often (I'm in Bolton)

I miss it, but, hey. I usually hung out on the upstairs bouldering walls, and the downstairs ones. I wasn't much of a climber. I belayed a lot, though! 




 True. It's still bloody cold though. : 




 My windscreen was iced this morning, are you in an alternate dimension?! 




