 Pokemon. Obviously. 




 KAI-OH-TEE 




 To those Redditors that like their partner's genitals to dangle, how do you prefer their pubic hair to be (shaved/trimmed/natural/other)?

Out of interest too, if you don't mind, would you mind stating your gender and sexuality as well? 




 Best/favourite sexual technique to receive? (You said serious, but mentioned nothing about being cheeky) 




 Exactly what it says on the tin- you can define "best" however you want- funniest, weirdest, strangest, sexiest, whatever!

Note: have marked the thread NSFW just in case! 




 Online booster pack for what? 




 How much is Pokebank? 




 If that's how he broke up with you hon, you're better off. Keep your chin up and smile- get out there and be sociable, don't look for the next relationship, just be yourself and focus on enjoying life - let life happen. 




 How do the Crabs cards compare in style/quality to the Cards ones? 




 Yeah I know, by the end I was deluding myself about us, and it took a LOAD of friends banding together to intervene to make me realise we weren't actually working and that I was severely unhappy.

Long story short, much wiser and happier now! 




 You're young, you'll get over it.

It sounds harsh, but I made the same mistake and started a long term relationship when I was 14, lasted almost 7 years before I realised that I'd grown up and she hadn't. Trust me, you'll be better off. 




 I'd suggest ditching him love, as harsh as it sounds. It seems like he's stringing you along and not into you at all, and it's cruel of him to treat you so.

You should let him go and get on with your life- better will come along. 




 Zodiac- that shit was long and bad. A few hours of my life that I'll never get back... 




 I'd love your blank cards, if you're sure you don't want them!? 









 "I will find you, and I will kill you."

"Ohana means family, family means, no one gets left behind." 




 If it's just for E4 and not HM's, I'd skip the flyer and swap in a grass type. I'd recommend Exeggutor as a covering for psychic too, which can really pay dividends on Bruno's fighting types. 




 Left 4 Dead 2 - if you've got a four-strong group of friends this game has so much value for money. It has gags, it has a storyline, it has challenges, achievements and online (PvP) play, plus zombies and weapons.

If you play with linked skype/Teamspeak or similar, it's that much more enjoyable. 




 Forgive me if this has already been done, but; Redditors! Show me your Pokemon tattoos! (Doesn't have to be on your own body, can just be one/'s that you've seen online or out and about) 




 I sent a message to the Cards Against Humanity creators, saying that their game was awesome, and to suggest they make a "Blank Card" expansion, so that us creative types can add more than just the number of blanks you get in the five expansions.

Today, I received an email reply from Cards Against Humanity, and it was blank.

Touche, Cards Against Humanity, touche. 




 Umbreon swiftly followed by Glaceon for me.

I think a bug Eeveelution would be cool, though Steel, ground and dragon I'd imagine would look pretty badass. 




 Exactly what it says in the title, favourite Eeveelution (or maybe you prefer Eevee as Eevee) and why?

Also, for the hell of it, what type would you like to see the next Eeveelution be? 




 It's not designed to hold it all, it's designed so that the force of ejaculating inside the condom doesn't force the material to split/rip/tear with the added strain at that moment. Sure some the semen is caught there (hence reservoir tip as mentioned before), but no, not the entirety. 




 Heh, quick and awkward discharge.

Gotta love ulterior meanings. 




 To check, college = university right? (for us UK redditors)

In a biology lecture, some guy asked a (fairly valid) point on spirit in relation to the human body, of which the lecturer dismissed him (rather too harshly I might add). Barely had the words left his mouth than the skeleton at the edge of the room (the model type you get) dropped to the floor.

Probably a rusted bolt or hook breaking after slowly eroding away, but the timing was hysterical, as it had the circumstantial look of a "spirit" disagreeing with our lecturer. 




 By reminding myself that no-one else is or has been me, the sum total of my unique experiences, memories and perspectives, therefore everything I do is unique, even if it seems like it is an imitation of others work.

By this reasoning, whenever I approach a project (I'm a writer, though I dabble in art too), I can happily draw from other's work for inspiration without worrying about replication (though I do refrain from outright copying, because feelings), knowing that no-one in the world will have thought of this thing that I am about to do EXACTLY like I am about to do it.

Sorry if too deep. 




 Lord of the Rings Fellowship of the Ring - when Aragorn is running through the pile of dead Uruk-Hai after beheading Lurtz, to get to the dying Boromir, a supposedly "dead" Uruk actually sits up and looks at him passing, before remembering he's meant to be dead and laying back down.

ALSO - Earlier in the film, as Aragorn is leading the hobbits through the marshes - Aragorn's bow (sticking out of his pack) hits the camera and jolts it, rocking the scene for a brief second. 




 The Day After Tomorrow (so much wrong), specifically, the scene after Jack Hall has finished briefing the president and joint chiefs - the Vice President says, regarding evacuating the entire Northern half of the USA, "It's alright for him suggesting such an action, he's safe here in Washington" (I'm ad-libbing).

If they're meaning Washington DC, the seat of US politics, then they're not that far (in the grand scheme of the USA's size) from New York, and still ABOVE the red line that Jack has drawn on the map.

If they're meaning the original Washington state, which just happens to be one of mainland USA's most northern states, they are STILL above that red line.

Either way, they are by no means safe, as per Jack's statement when the President asks "What about the people above that line?" - "For them it's already to late".


MAJOR error.  




 Okay, looking so far it'll be ORAS, but a further question - is there any differences to ruby or sapphire bar pokemon version differences? I usually go by that alone when deciding which to get... 




 WOOHOO! One fellow fan of nostalgia lol 




 Besides the planetary calculations and observations, there's another flaw in your post (maybe someone else has said but I'm too lazy to scroll too far); "beneficial for life". Whilst we cannot deny that our conditions on earth have been ideal for life as we know it to evolve, it remains impossible to tell if a form of life may be able to survive or evolve in different circumstances.

I'm of the firm belief that life has/could evolve in other conditions a lot different to ours, so would prefer scientists to be searching for planets that are "suitable" for "Earth-like life", instead of the more general terms.

Note: I'm no astrologist, astrophysicist or astrobiologist, this is all my opinion formed from general knowledge, and I give full kudos to the spirit of the original question 




 Jelly!! 




 Anyone remember these? They were a bit like chupa chups, but with chewing gum inside and a Pokemon sticker on the inner packaging. I used to collect so many of them... 




 So, I'm soon to get a 3DS and the capability to resume playing the Pokemon series once more. My problem is that, initially I can only afford one game, and that I have only played up to the Black/White games. Here's where you come in.

I want to know whether I should play X/Y or Alpha Sapphire/Omega Ruby first, and why (convince me). I have played the original ruby/sapphire, so know the storyline, but obviously with the revamp it'll be a whole new experience. I would say BW2, to pick up where I left off, but I can't find that available where I am unfortunately. 




 Hey guys,

I'd like an up-to-date Pokemon list (so all 718 Pokemon), preferably with types and if possible with pictures/avatars too. I don't care about the Mega-Evolutions, but it'd be handy if the list were on excel.

Hope someone can fulfill this request!


P.s. Open to other lists that maybe don't have the avatars/types, too.

P.p.s The reason I'm looking is I want to figure out what my favourite Pokemon is, so I want to have a list where I can easily delete any Pokemon that I dismiss, and sort/order them handily. 




 Pokeballs. I don't care if there aren't Pokemon to catch, I'd just love to have a super high quality display of them, just for coolness. 




 Thanks everyone! 




 You could interflora them? 




 Personally, I don't see a problem with it. Though I'm not an avid gardener, I do appreciate wildlife and beauty in nature, and fresh flowers do smell great (mostly) and brighten up a room, so I would appreciate a gift of flowers, even more so if they were hand picked because of their significance/name/colour/beauty - the thoughtfulness of a gift would be a significant part of the pleasure of receiving it. 




 Pro: individual government
Con: individual government 




 I'd respectfully argue that a selfie is defined as a photo taken of yourself by yourself, whether or not other things are included, so "selfie" being the mode of picture taking rather than the picture itself.
Edit: added respect. 




 Technically might not be classed as "celebrity", but when my mum met Princess Anne at a horse show event.

There's a great photo of her shaking hands with her ladyship, with 6/7 year old me in the background, more interested in my burger/hot dog (forget which). 




