 Yes/No:

The Australian gun control laws instituted after Port Arthur required law abiding citizens to relinquish guns to the state for destruction.  














 Yeah, but our president is so much smarter, better looking, and spiritual than the rest of us that it's OK if he acts unilaterally and without the consent of the governed.  




 I actually didn't read it. Other than the occasional lifehacker article, I have tried to make a concentrated effort to not click Gawker links. 

 




 Please explain how throwing law abiding command in jail for owning a gun makes anyone measurably safer.  




 I think it's cute how you arbitrarily pick 1999 as your cutoff date, and then wring your hands about how "very little progress has been made."

It's a perfect demonstration of how anti-gun people are thoroughly disingenuous. No matter how low gun crime is, no matter how many tens of millions of responsible gun owners there are, you'll still call for idiotic gun control laws, and agitate for throwing people in prison for stupid reasons.
 




 Actual statistics are that US citizens justifiably use firearms in self defense upwards of 2 million times a year.

Please explain why you want to deny people the ability to effectively defend themselves. 




 What's it like? 




 That basically makes him the intellectual equivalent of this guy:

http://i.imgur.com/TUPDUkA.gif

 









 Nothing interesting comes from Gawker media. 




 Even if I had a solution, and I do, there's no point in presenting it to someone who's not only a troll, but a completely authoritarian lunatic.

Please explain why I should take you, an admitted troll, seriously on any level? 




 The blogger in this case is a female.  




 Ha!  




 California requires background checks for all gun sales, including person-to-person. 

I don't know if there are exceptions for inter-family transfers.  




 I don't know the details of California gun laws, but I wouldn't attempt a buy-up interdiction without taking to a lawyer first.  




 Something... Something... No place for weapons of war on our streets. 

-Obama 




 It's a blog who's author is ardently progun and works in snark and sarcasm the way other artists work in oils or water colors. 

I was unaware that we were obligated to only post links to places that adopt the supposedly neutral tone of the mainstream media.  




 I am intrigued by the notion of an ideological Turing Test. 









 Better take your FFL with you.

California requires all gun transfers to go through a background check, and I believe there's a waiting period for handguns. 




 I think it's cute that your solution is to take all the guns away from the people who didn't do it. 




 He is deluded.

He's also the worst kind of troll, an earnest hatemonger with no sense of humor.  




 MY UP VOTES. HAVE THEM ALL!  




 There hasn't been an anti to show up in the last decade who doesn't make the entire movement look like it's populated by lunatics, narcissists, or outright cowards.  




 Nothing like being Monday-morning quarterbacked by people who couldn't even catch a football in a back yard game.  




 So, what you're saying is that these shooters managed to have more friends than you do? 




 But you have said you hate Americans, so why are you so upset about this? 




 I would categorize it as your wet dream.

Two lunatics executing people who actually like to have a beer now and again. 













































































































 So I've just started to try a Creatine supplement for my workout. I bought the Body Fortress brand, which claims to have a whole bunch of stuff in it other than Creatine.

Here's a link to the nutrition label:
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/815qNfV4toL._SL1500_.jpg

I've noticed some positive results, but since picking this stuff up, I'm wondering if it's the right choice, or if I would be better off supplementing with just plain creatine.

I'm completely new to this game, and a lot of the supplement marketing and advertising strikes me as being about as trustworthy as the average used car salesman.

So am I good sticking with the Body Fortress stuff, or should I be looking at something else?

Thanks for your help! 
















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































