 That toy really tied the room together, dude 




 I am sure someone can give you a better answer but anecdotally - you adjust. It felt very weird when I went from using the spare dojo iatio to my own. Everything felt very odd but I quickly adjusted. I would look at sizing charts and, as you said, const your sensei.

Welcome to the sport!  




 Its professors like you that not only got me through my degree but helped me find my passion for research and for the world at large through science. I have a rewarding career in R D and love every day. So, thanks! 




 Erlenmeyers are used mostly for mixing or culturing. The graduations are typically guidelines to indicate **relative** volumes. They suffice perfectly fine in a lab setting when used as intended. OP may have a flask that should have been scrapped in production.

Source: work in a biochemistry R D lab 




 Well it certainly does suck! 




 Some what tangential but I was at an animal behavior seminar (I work for a veterinary diagnostics biotech company) and one of the presenters who studies wild dogs and wolves indicated that muzzle and face 'biting' among dogs is a symbol of affection. Pretty cool stuff to see especially during play. 




 No problem! It's a lot of fun and there are always things going on with the program as far as activities and events. Here is the site:
http://blogs.portlandschools.org/phspma/
 




 Portland mentoring alliance through portland high school. You are matched with a student with whom you have similar interests and you spend time each week doing something you both enjoy. It can be hugely important to some of the kids and is a pretty fun program. Its a great way to help at risk kids keep out of trouble and to help other kids learn more about the world and get them through that awkward process of becoming an adult. They always need mentors, especially male mentors. 




 This. My SO and I play a game we call 'Left, Right, Straight' in which we drive/walk around town and pick random turns at each intersection. We've discovered a lot of awesome stuff about our city doing this. If you have GPS on your phone you've got nothing to worry about; just have fun. 




 Thanks! The leave it command sounds like it might be a huge help in this; I hadn't even thought about it for squirrels! 




 Thanks for all of the info! She certainly has a big personality. She does have the husky independence but that is overlayed by the  Basenjii stubbornness. There are days where she listens great and others where the only reason I know she hasn't gone deaf is her running to the sound of me making a peanut butter sandwich. If she doesn't want to do something she will protest the whole way.

I'm going to work on trying some of her commands in different environments, that's a pretty solid bit of insight! We do short leash her when we walk past a few certain houses and cherry trees but I want to try to break her from the habit of eating everything. I'm afraid she's going to swallow something dangerous that we might not have been able to spot in the grass some day. 

Thanks again! 




 She's got a pretty good drop it but she keeps going if it's something she can eat. I'll check out the links to see if there is a better way to deploy it than we currently are. Thanks!

As for the interactive toy - We tried that one. She likes to take things apart if it's possible. She burns through the 'indestructible' toys in no time. Any feeder toys that are as rugged as the 'black Kong' that you'd recommend? 




 Just discovered this sub. So far there is a lot of good information but so far I've yet to stumble across a thread with the answers I'm hoping to find. 

We adopted a 2yo Husky/Basenji/Border Collie mix this past March and she walks very well on a leash over all, but, often times she can be pretty difficult. She tries to eat everything on the ground; berries, trash, bugs, etc. We feed her a stable diet that our vet approves of (activity level and weight appropriate 2x a day at regular times) but it makes no difference. We've tried walking using small treats and redirection but that still didn't help. She does eat incredible quickly at breakfast and dinner and when we are putting food in her dish will do every trick she knows at once (It actually is as funny and endearing as it sounds). She loves to eat but we keep her at the target weight assigned by our vet.

Eventually we'd like to train her off leash but it's seeming that between her prey drive (She locks on to any squirrel or bird) and her focus on what might be edible on the ground suggest that it might not be a possibility in the near future. 

Any tips on how to get her to stop trying to eat the neighborhood trash? Bonus tips for working on prey drive (We currently make her sit, redirect her attention to us, and wait for her calm down when she locks on to a squirrel.)?

Thanks! 




 
* Fort Williams and the Portland headlight in Cape Elizabeth are pretty excellent if you like the cliff over the ocean feel.
* take a ferry from Commercial st to any of the islands or just ride one around the loop to see the coast and skyline
* Check out the cemetery on Stevens ave. I know it sounds a bit macabre but it truly is scenic and beautiful. All of the statues and monuments make it feel like walking through a museum and there is a small duck pond in the back. 
* Deering Oaks park has some nice scenery and usually some cool stuff going on. Bintliffs Cafe right off the park has the best brunch in the city IMO. There is also The Holy Donut right there which makes some of the best you'll ever have.
*   Riverton trolley park has trails through the woods that are literally impossible to get lost on and have cool stuff to look at like a river and a 'castle' wall. The Alligash Brewery is right across the street and will serve you with a free flight of their beers upon walking in.
* The back bay has a 3 mile trail loop as well as some benches and cool views of the city skyline. Not too far down the street is my favorite sandwich shop called The Local Press (woodford st) which is a must try. 
* if you're looking to get out of the cold and grab a drink or food check out Novare Res for over 500 beers and small but pretty impressive food plates (Crab Rangoon grilled cheese sandwiches are killer) or Sillys for a pretty cool menus and stellar shakes.

E - spelling  




 What do you think you're doing? Only Garth and I get to talk to the camera 




 I've recently started learning Toyama ryu (I practice MSR) to 'save my knees/legs' from over training. Toyama is a requirement for nidan testing in my organization so it is something I will need to learn anyway. My question is this - in the fourth form, Ushiro, there is a moment where both arms open and the chest is completely exposed. What is the purpose of this? My instructor believes it is to generate power or that it may possibly be to 'move bystanders' out of the way. Any insight? 




 One major contributing factor is what is called your chronotype. Tons of functions in our bodies are governed by cirvadian rythems which are ~24 hour cycles that influence the way many functions in your body work. An example of this is how you always seem to get hungry around the same time each day, or better for this thread, how you get jet lagged when you fly a few timezones away. You have a set of very specific proteins that, through a relay of 'signals' in your brain, adjust to light/dark cycles. These proteins interact to make a 'clock'. This clock has an output which could be anything from releasing certain hormones to make you sleepy to raising or lowering your body temperature. Now here is where chronotype comes in. Each "healthy" persons brain chemistry functions largely the same but with some differences - timing of protein and gene interactions are among them. Some people, no matter how regular and consistent their schedule or routine will always function better when they wake up late. Some earlier. It comes down to environment, life style, and genetics. Hope this helps!

Source: I worked in a neurophysiology lab studying molecular mechanisms of these rhythms. 




 Your action might be too low; raise it in 0.5 to 1mm increments. Measure with a ruler at the 12th fret 




 Here's the deal: I have been searching for an original (not the re-issue) Washburn HM-20V for over ten years and have been unsuccessful. I have scoured ebay but managed to either miss a decent auction or have not been willing to shell out $800 for a guitar with a broken head-stock and bent truss rod. I've given my phone number to all of the local and semi-local guitar shops and haunted message boards; I've searched Craigslist for most major US cities. A few years back when they were first released I picked up a BSG Customs M-20 (run of 50 HM-20V re-issues before the mass re-issue). I love everything about it. I played with a guy who had an 80's HM-5V and it wasn't half bad. 
Now my question is this. Has anyone played the HM-20V or even own one? Is my white whale worth the hunt, or are the odds so dismal I should just resign myself to not finding one?  




 Have you seen "The divide" if not I think you'd cry alone in the corner and contemplate what's worth living for. FTFY ;-) 




