 I honestly don't really like the pancakes.  The GF will support that statement.  I only make them for her.  I prefer waffles or french toast if I am going to have some kind of hot bready griddle treat... 




 Yes yes.  I forgot last night...

Pork was rubbed and cold smoked for 6 hours before roasting for 10 hours at 225.  Rub consisted of an approx ratio of chile powder, garlic, black pepper, brown sugar, salt, oregano, and cumin.  Ratio was about 6:1:1:2:2:.5:.5

Canadian (pea meal) bacon was brined with a green chile/juniper brine and smoked over pinon.

And the rest of it...  Oh man...  I know I made it... 




 Santa Fe, my house. 




 I have not clue what that is, but I'll check the link.  Thanks! 




 Here's a whole gallery to drool over.  I'm in a serious mode looking for start up.  So if you feel like telling anyone to check it out, they can at least find me on Reddit ;)

http://imgur.com/a/BYZRe 




 I'm about to head out to the airport, I'll write a couple of things about it when I get back... 




 If you have $125K to front up and want to make a deal, there is a location in my town that is turn key available.  I just don't have the funds.  That's a serious offer. If someone ever takes me up on the investment opportunity, they'd be quite happy with their return. 









 Notice the beautiful home made Canadian (pea meal) bacon behind the sandwich... 














 There is more to it than just that... 




 Yes.  To season the skillet, when it is clean, throw it in the oven at 350 for 1/2 hour or so.  Pull it out, rub it down with oil and toss it back in oven for a bit.  The oil should set in 15 min or so. 









 Pretty much.  Hence why the album was crap. 




 Go back to washing dishes for a few years. 




 off set serrated? 




 Thanks.  That has been the point of all my sandwich makings for a while now.  I've been assembling a menu of easily executed and simply awesome snacks.  I've been ready to open a shop for a while, I just need to get the backing to do it... 




 If it wasn't already either cluttered or dirty.  Beside the fact that a cutting board doesn't give a pretty picture ;) 




 You better watch it.  You fuck with Paul, next thing you know Justin is going to be busting down your door.  I gar-own-t. 




 Yeah...  I wish I could just bust it down.  I don't use recipes any more and just go by feel and method.  I really should write more stuff down...

The pork was brined in green chile, garlic, and juniper solution.  It was then pounded thin, seasoned, and breaded.  It was then seared in brown butter.

The bacon was a green chile dry rub, then smoked over green chile husk and pinon.

The aioli was made with 1 egg, 1 T of 5% acidic liquid, 1 T mustard, salt, 1 quart of roasted garlic olive oil, and 1/2 C fine minced green chile.  This was made in a food processor.  

Bread is a standard french loaf.  It was griddled and pressed.
 




 Good good!  Hopefully you tell people your source and you turn them on.  The GC is one of the better things to happen to food in general.  Not being from NM, I never thought I'd say it.  But I'm a convert through and through. 




 Ya know, it's been years and I've forgotten most of it.  And even though I still keep an entire catalog of Floyd stuff (something like 165 shows, dozens of boots, etc) that I don't listen to anymore, out of all the random things I should have in there is that album.  I just didn't even think about keeping it and can't even bother to pirate a copy... 




 Something like that has already been done.  It's called "The Other Side of Pink: A tribute to Pink Floyd."

Mind you, I say something like it.  It has tracks by the likes of Alien Sex Fiend, Sky Cries Mary, Pressurehead, Electric Hellfire Club, etc.

The whole of it, for the most part, was total crap. 




 Well maybe if were all lucky, I'll get a shop opened up one of these days and you can eat such delicious things. 




 Yes. 




 Hatch Brined Pork Cutlet
Rocket, tomato, Hatch Cured lardon, and roasted Hatch salad with fresh Hatch aioli
Fingerlings tossed with smoked Hatch salt 



















 You are correct.  That is *a* definition of a lardon.  




 It's also the name of a knife cut. 




 I like it.  I also like my double burner sized lodge cast iron double sided grill/griddle pan to make pizza on as well.  Now I should look up structural integrity and heat retention between the two different metals... 




 I said don't before and I didn't explain myself, as I don't feel the need to so much anymore.  I'm trying to be more of a positive person.  But fuck this town.  I mean seriously.

So here is a good reason for you to not move here.  Mel Brooks' Blazing Saddles is playing at the Lensic (restored vaudville/stage/movie theater) this month.  Awesome, right!  I mean, that is one of the greatest comedy movies ever made.  Mel Brooks is amazing.  More people need to see that film.  However, tickets are $50.  WTF Santa Fe? 




 I'm jealous of the tacos that scrap would make... 




 Hatch Green Chile cured and smoked.  It went on a pizza.   









 I just threw in a while loin of pea meal bacon, half a belly of regular bacon, 2 dozen chicken legs, and a small picnic.  I wish I could say something like the neighbors are hungry, but all of this is for me :) 




 don't.   




 I wish I knew enough to contribute to something like that :( 




 Well alright then, I stand corrected a little.  I honestly don't know anything about the place other than all the media. 




 Given the cost, exclusivity, and product I say yes.   




 Yep.  Which is why I say places like that are not for me... 




 Don't know what it would be like to work at that level or caliber or if I'd want to.  I also don't know if it's common to find a job posted in one of those shops.  But I know a lot of you shoot for this kind of shit.  Fine dining is over rated in my book, but if you're going to do it, do it right... 




 I'm not in NYC, but browsing online and curious, I noticed a couple of line and a Sous position on the momofuku website.  Thought a couple of you might be interested in knowing that.

http://momofuku.com/careers/ 









 Thanks.  Now I know someone else to stay away from... 




 Very nice!  I'm intrigued.  From scratch? 




 No shit.  I mean, I was gunna say at least Douchey McDoucheington doesn't have a hipster neck tattoo.  And then I looked at the pic and sure enough, on the back of the neck.  My god OP, WHO IN THE FUCK IS THAT. 




 Rellena or arancini anything.  Empanadas.  Buy a case of puff pastry and have someone bust out a shit ton and freeze the leftovers.  I love em simply for that.  Bitchy low blood sugar line cook needs 4 fingers across the face?  Toss an empanada in the fryer! 




 Does the individual in the middle know what they look like? 




 adverb that participle! 




 And I've made many more like it.  This was the bacon in question.  

http://i.imgur.com/qsKVsKZ.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/s2VQu9N.jpg 




 Bread is simply a quick rise round loaf, proofed in a dehydrator. 




 poorly. 




 Well, I make all of my stuff from scratch.  So which part?  The chile itself you can pick up anywhere in NM.  Since the season just got over up here, I'm almost back to using frozen and canned :( 
























 I am just that awesome of a sandwich maker.  The link below is my 99% from scratch work.  I should be running my own shop.  I'm actively looking for someone to front me the money if you know anyone.  Straight up legit and can put everything needed to back up an investment in front of me.  I could make someone a fortune up here in Santa Fe.

http://imgur.com/a/BYZRe 




 Yeah, I'm thinking in need another one of those as well.  But I'm lazy :( 




 Hatch Cured and Smoked Bacon

Roasted Hatch, tomato, parm, and rocket salad

Triple cooked chips with Smoked Hatch Salt and fresh Hatch aioli
 









 Cast iron grill pan and oil brushed bread. 




 Ya know, it's the stuff that 95% of all the restaurants in NM use anymore.  It's the standard.  And keep that tip to yourself, we don't want a run on the chile!  Or if it is leaving the state, we want to charge the premium for it :)

Seriously though.  I've been turning people all over the country to it as it is CHEAP.  The thing that cracks me up is that on the grocery shelf here in NM, chopped chile is $3/lb minimum.  Out of state it is $5/lb and up.  If you go to the restaurant supply and buy a 5# frozen of hot Hatch, it is $6.50.  I love it. 




 Something to keep in mind...  If you know anyone who gets Sysco/Shamrock/FSA or any other national chain delivery service (restaurants, bars, etc) and can get them to pull a favor for you, ask them to order a case of Bueno Mild Frozen Chopped Green Chile.  Should be a 20# frozen case and run about $30.  Just fyi ;) 




 I used powdered green chile in the salt cure.  It was also smoked using the dried trimmings and husks. 









 Not in the ABQ, but if you're ever interested in coming up to Santa Fe on a monday evening, come to The Game Thing at the comic shop in town.  There is a lot of magic that gets played then.  Plus a whole catalog of board games to choose from... 




 Yes yes, I'm in Santa Fe.  I'm not originally from here and didn't get the whole chile thing when I moved here.  Thankfully, I'm a convert.  But fuck that red chile noise, that shit is weak yo!

Edit to add...  I'm happy to ship jars or seeds.  Just ask ;) 




 Not British, my family is from the Isles though.  And the best "fries" in the world are British chips! 




 Triple cooked chips, basic russets.  Nothing special in my book, just run of the mill chips to me... 




 You can kick it in Tiny's probably.  Try Del Charo.  Your friend can always get a drink in one of the hotel lounges and walk it out into the lobby as well.  Just gotta check if it's cool.  Usually is.  Loretto and St Francis are two I know of. 









 Smoked Hatch Green Chile Cured Bacon

Dressed tomato, arugula, and Roasted Hatch Green Chile salad

Parm

Garlic Grilled Sourdough

Smoked Green Chile Salted fries with Fresh Hatch Green Chile aioli.   









 And make a profit?  No.  And break even with product left over, yes. 




 Yes yes!  Sorry.  Will do so shortly... 




 Honestly, I don't really do recipes.  I just dump and pour.  Sorry.  I really should write more down. 




 Formed, but then baked out of the pan.   




 Second the Auto Angel.  Also Lou at Abet Moters off of Silar is legit. 




 Hatch Green Chile meatloaf

Roasted grarlic parm mashers with mushroom gravy

Brown butter peas and carrots

Garlic toast 









 Water.  Yeah yeah, you carry water.  But double what you think you should carry at this altitude.  Seriously.

The thing you should worry about the most hiking in the area (and that is depending on where you go and what time of year) are rattlesnakes.  The cats here are scarce, black bears are wussies, and the elk herds run before you see them.  The scariest critters you can come across in the woods are humans, sadly enough.

The real danger we have here is snapping an ankle.  So many 4' rocks or 10' faces that "are easy enough to get up" and we never think about it because they are so easy to get up.  But the landscape here can be tricky footing...

But if you want to run at night in town (as long as you have a decent enough headlamp as the trial isn't fully lit), you can get a 10 mile loop in easy enough, mainly staying off of the road ways. 




 Grill is seasoned fine.  I don't have a blower in my kitchen, hence the smoke... 




 Margs are delicious, one of my personal favorites.  I actually pull my own mozz as well, but basil is out of season and i won't pay $30/lb for it at the grocery. 




 Fried. 




 Oh I know.  I just got a new pan and was playing with it.  Pan in question is a 2 double burner cast iron griddle/grill combo stove top pan.  Still don't know how to effectively grill meat with it and not smoke my house out.  I don't care, but the GF complains loudly... 




 Yep.  It took me a few tries to get the temp dialed down.  And for the crust to set with a little bit of a crisp, I've had to let them rest on the pan after taking them out of the oven.

I can crack off perfect pie all day long in a 700 degree oven.  Doing this in a home setting is a little bit different... 




 Sadly I have to say yes. 









 Some good, some bad, but all edible! 









 Man, I used to agree.  I live in SF and ate at the old location many times.  And at the new one.  I was there just the other day.  It's not the same.  It's not as good.  It doesn't have the funk or the legend.

I mean, it's a good burger.  Messy, large, expensive.  It is good.  But not the legendary shop it was.  If you've not been to the current location, you should make a trip up this way and check it out.  It is worth it.  But only if you're in the hood. 




 It was a Hatch Green and smoked cheddar roll.  And yes, my work from scratch. 




 I've been playing around with a couple of techniques and recipes, getting something dialed down to make the kind of pie I like. I've simply been working on the tools I have on hand at home and seeing what I can do and easily replicate in other ovens. My goal was yeast risen crust in an hour (Suzi Q homemaker style) and I've got it about down to that.


Right now the method is


mix dough (10 min)

proof it in the dehydrator (30 min)


rest (15 min)

bake at 500 on/in cast iron 12-15 min 




 Since you liked that, here's a couple more for you to wish you had.  I should really open up a jammer joint somewhere...

http://i.imgur.com/k7E9I5j.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/0Hjrk6z.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/ZNflyDE.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/Nk4tMOv.jpg
 




 something like this?

http://i.imgur.com/zDUqULA.jpg 




 I believe this is the point where the sub is supposed to say "tits or you lie!" 




 I'm just curious about what his ties to SpaceX and Elon Musk are.  This is straight up tinfoil hat stuff here, but what exactly was this guy working on?  I find it highly suspicious that someone tied to that program, who would have direct access to the money behind it, would bother with such a thing.  Just thinking out loud.  This guy could be "guilty" in the eyes of our current judicial system.  I'm not agreeing with those laws/opinions, but just saying.  However, I doubt it is to the degree in which he is being charged. 




 It's almost a deal.  However, if that was to happen, I'd rather just call in an order and have you bring me bread for me to make my own.  Their bread is the reason I head in there, it really is top notch.  Well, and then there is the $5 sandwich... 




 Fried yucca tossed with smoked green chile salt.  Only a third made it onto the plate as they were being eaten out of the bowl... 




 Sure.  But I don't just make sandwiches for strangers.  It's sort of like that whole taking candy from the police rule.  So that will have to be figured out.

In the mean time, I will tell you that you should go acquire a tasty snack from Bhan Mi Coda.  That place is awesome. 




 You are correct.  It was chopped.  After it was pulled.  And technically, pulled pork means that it was cooked long enough for the meat to "pull" away from the bone.  Pulled does not mean hand shredded. 




 I'm in Santa Fe.  Drop a line if you're ever in the area.  If I'm available, I will be happy to make you a snack. 




 My house. 




 It was delicious.   














 Yeah.  I moved down here from the SW WA and NW OR Columbia Basin.  Grew up around/in PDX.  What part of OR are you in?  I only ask simply because out of all the transplants I've met, the cross between NM and the NW is staggering.  All these people down here from Seattle, PDX, Spokane, Bend, etc.  And up there?  Folks from NM and AZ... 




 Oh those guys!  I've met them before, but haven't been to their shop.  Has it been that long?  I guess I don't make it down that way nearly as often as I should :( 




 Are they a new shop?  I'm up in SF, but a fairly active gamer who hasn't heard of them.  Just curious, I thought I knew of most of the shops in the area... 




 Friday Night Magic can be found at Active Imagination.  Also, if you ever want to come up to Santa Fe, every Monday evening (like tonight!)  is an open to the public board game night at our only comic shop in town. 




 with a carbonara style egg binder of course... 














 Smoked red chile pulled pork with green chile and arugula 

cilantro/onion/lime mix

browned cojitia

fresh tortilla

sour cream 









 Roasted Green Chile

Hand pulled mozz

House red sauce

Smoked Green Chile Sourdough  




 I just question if she can actually cook if she was on that show... 




 Appetite for Destruction was 1987.   




