 Or if you just don't loathe her. Seriously, the Iris whining is worse here than on the show! 




 Stupidity? Joe's a control freak? Needless plot drama? 




 You definitely have them mixed. Her knowledge was never an issue, Joe's investigation was. 




  I think it's even worse for female characters.

Noticed that, have you? 




 And that cost would be 100% the same if Iris was hurt due to her ignorance - or with no regard to whether she knew or not.

Let's look at the people who know his secret identity. We've got one, two, three, *four* supervillains. Do you really think any of them would hold off on Iris because "after all, she has no clue"? She's *already* been threatened by two supervillains and had somebody she worked with killed, and this despite her ignorance.

Barry woke up and told two virtual strangers (Caitlin and Cisco may have known him for several months, but as he was in a coma he certainly didn't know them) before telling his best friend/foster sister/love interest. That is *cold*. 




 Why does Eddie believe Eobard, though? I mean, by his shocked look he does, but not only can any doofus mock up a fake newspage but clearly, if Eddie is Eobard's ancestor, he gets *a* girl. And Eobard is a murderer. Who knows how he blows off steam? Maybe casual emotional cruelty is to him what checkers is to normal people. 




 This is a guy who poked brains at a decaying zombie while crouching above her. I watched that and *cringed*. Surely a sensible person would have laid on their stomach and scooted? 




 Geez, is this supposed to make sense? And they say soap operas have convoluted plots! 




  Like she said she could help if she had known, but trying to help the Flash is the easiest way to get kidnapped or killed.

Then she could have *known that* and known *not* to get involved.

 I mean if I was a superhero I definitely wouldn't tell people about my identity because knowing automatically puts them in danger.

It does not. Supervillains knowing puts your loved ones in danger. Your loved ones knowing does nothing of  the sort. That's a silly conceit that needs to die.  




 If Iris had laughed it off, they'd be pissed. If Iris had kept it to herself and said "I'm sure it's important to him, he had a good reason for not telling me", they'd be pissed. If Iris hadn't figured it out after that spark, they'd be pissed. If Iris had really known all the time... well, you get the picture.

Rightly or wrongly, this sub's hatred for Iris goes well beyond "she has bad writing" at this point. 




 Why? 




 Well, if it's any consolation, plenty of autistics are awful at math and computing, not big on gaming of any sort, and/or are extroverts. I have no data on how many autistics have lots and lots of friends in high school. 




 They certainly are more qualified to speak for "everyone else on the spectrum" than you are.

However, I would really like to see a statistic that "most" autistics are "low-functioning" (or however you're trying to phrase it). An actual citation, that is. 




 Yes, actually, it's quite common among autistics.

http://www.autism.com/symptoms_toe_walking

But it's not *universal* - and honestly, out of his scare list, it's definitely the least harmful. Might shorten the tendons, I suppose. 




 The previous system wasn't really working. You'd hear of kids "moving" from one diagnosis to another - well, under the diagnostic criteria, that should not have happened. I'm not saying this system is better, time will answer that, but the DSM-IV system was seriously flawed. 




 If you fit the diagnostic criteria for autism, then you ARE autistic. If you have received an autism diagnosis, but don't fit it, then probably this is because you need the services anyway but whatever your real diagnosis is *won't get you the help you need* and an autism diagnosis will. People do not get their children diagnosed - much less themselves diagnosed - for funzies. 




 The rise in cancer has nothing to do with "our bodies trying to adapt to how the world has changed" and everything to do with greater longitivity and better screening. If you don't die of cholera, war, childbirth, polio, SIDS, or the plague, then you'll probably live long enough to die of cancer. And if the doctors are good enough to prevent all those other deaths, they'll probably see that you have cancer sometime before you die of it. 




 Many older autistics were never diagnosed. Others may have been diagnosed (either as children or adults) but simply don't disclose that information to everybody. Still others who need more support did receive a diagnosis and were institutionalized, meaning the odds of people outside their family meeting them are slim.

At least one study has shown that when you take adults and use current screening methods, you find the same rate of autism as you do in children.

For the record, my grandfather was autistic. My mother has a second cousin who was almost certainly autistic. I strongly suspect both parents, both grandmothers, and my maternal uncle are part of the "broader autistic phenotype". I have several friends who are older than 30 who are autistic - and I only met about *half* of them on autistic-specific fora. But if you don't know what you're looking for, and you also don't ask, then you'll never know. 




 It'd be very strange for a child to be diagnosed as autistic for pointing given that it is *lack of pointing* that is typically associated with autism.

These are the actual diagnostic criteria for autism, as distinct from the ones you made up in your head: http://www.cdc.gov/ncbddd/autism/hcp-dsm.html

Note that examples are "illustrative, not exhaustive" and that it is not necessary for a person to hit every single note to obtain a diagnosis, and it is possible to obtain a diagnosis even if it is "by history", that is, not something they currently do. 




 Just because a person may appear to be "less autistic" than another person, that doesn't mean they don't "really need help". 




 Sorta. Asperger's only became a diagnosis with the DSM-IV. Prior to that, it wasn't listed as a disorder and many people who would now be diagnosed as autistic didn't receive any diagnosis at all. 




 Twenty years ago, inclusion was not as popular as it is today, and disabled children were more likely to be segregated. 




 Recent studies have shown that genes for intelligence are linked to genes for autism: http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2015/03/150310105232.htm

And when you give IQ tests that aren't biased towards verbal skills, autistics do as well as NTs: http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/the-hidden-potential-of-autistic-kids/ (I had a better link at once point, but that was two computers ago)

So your therapist suggesting this has nothing to do with your intelligence, real or perceived. 

Additionally, many autistics have had healthy relationships and professional success. Of course, you can show every possible trait for autism, and if it's not negatively affecting your ability to work, go to school, or generally live your life you won't qualify for a diagnosis. Still, I assume that you had *some* problem that led you to a therapist. It wasn't unreasonable for him to try to figure out what it was. 




 Not all autistics engage in scripted speech or echolalia. Not all autistics are "obsessed with routine". Not all autistics toe walk. Not all autistics self-injure. (Actually, only 10 - 15% of autistics self-injure.) 




 Well, no argument here on the "educational environment" front, but I disagree that giving a clear label of "autistic" is "segregating an entire portion of humanity". I think it's no different from people being labelled as gay or left-handed. (But then, I'm a big fan of the social model of disability.) 




 We've known for a long time that autistics usually have family members with autistic traits, frequently people who merit a diagnosis themselves. And we also know that if you take the adult population and use current diagnostic criteria, you get the same percentage of autistics as you do in the youth population. I think it is unlikely that prenatal vitamins have anything to do with it. 




 You're talking out your ass. My grandfather was autistic. He absolutely fit "today's criteria". If you're going to use the 1:68 statistic, then you have to include the *entire* spectrum - not just those who are most obviously autistic. Most children getting diagnosed today would not have qualified for a diagnosis under the DSM-III. 




 Most young autistics don't bang their heads against walls. Not chronically, anyway. 




 Wait. You think it's the *having a diagnosis* that keeps autistics from being employed? It's not the autism, it's the diagnosis? 




  If I were growing up today, I'd have had the ASD label slapped on me as soon as I entered public school. Instead, I grew up 30 years ago, when my "uniqueness" was not just tolerated, but appreciated and nurtured by my teachers and parents. Did I have problems? Yes. Did I grow up into a successful, happy adult? Also yes.

You're lucky. I mean, you're *really* lucky. There are many more people who grew up the same time as you, and *because* they had no official label they did not have their uniqueness tolerated at all, much less nurtured. They got labels, all right - "stupid" and "bad" and "lazy" and "weird". Autism is a better label any day of the week. 




 You are way off base. Autism has a number of components. Trouble with social skills is only a small one (and, anecdotally, many autistics have no trouble at all socializing *with other autistics*, only with NTs). Even if you could induce the social symptoms, you can't induce most of the comorbidities - sensory processing disorder, dyspraxia, auditory processing disorder, faceblindness.... I'm just listing things off the top of my head, of course. 




 Yes, and also the average age of the paternal grandfather - that is, men who are older when they father children are more likely to have autistic grandchildren. To my knowledge, the jury's still out on whether this is something changing about the sperm or simply because people with autistic traits tend to be older than their NT peers when they start their families. But I haven't obsessively followed this stuff in a few years. 




 You're quite mistaken. The CHAT (checklist for autism in toddlers) has as a starred entry *not* pointing. Indeed, not pointing at things is one of the two classic hallmarks of autism, along with lack of eye contact.

http://www.autism.org.uk/working-with/health/screening-and-diagnosis/checklist-for-autism-in-toddlers-chat.aspx 




 Yes, there was. I don't have the original source to hand, but I do have a report in the popular press: http://abcnews.go.com/Health/AutismNews/autism-epidemic-challenged-uk-study/story?id=13518453 




 Pretty much. The diagnostic standards have dramatically changed in two ways.

First, they've changed to encompass the idea of an autism "spectrum". Many of the kids getting diagnosed today (and the adults as well!) would not/did not get a diagnosis 30 years ago simply because they could speak. They got a diagnosis of ADD or they got no diagnosis at all.

Secondly, even for those "low functioning" autistics, it is much easier to get a diagnosis. It used to be the case that the default diagnosis was *childhood schizophrenia*, that if you didn't hit enough criteria, that's the label you got. And if you're about to say that the two are nothing alike - you're right! But that's how it shook out. Other autistics were misdiagnosed as mentally retarded, which is kinda a catchall.

Additionally, reporting was half-assed back in the day. When the diagnoses started going up, mandatory reporting was improved. Then people realized how much more common it was than they had thought, and that made them look for it harder. It's a little feedback loop at this point in the story. 




 Do you know what her IEP entailed? They generally don't consist of "dumbing things down". For example, many people have IEPs that allow them unlimited time on tests. Evidence shows that for people who do not need those IEPs, unlimited time offers them no advantage. That's not "dumbing down", that's leveling the playing field. Some people have difficulty concentrating in crowded lecture halls and need smaller classes. Well, that might make working in an ER impossible, but there's no reason they couldn't be a pediatric nurse at a small practice or something. 




 You are incorrect. Previous studies have shown that the incidence of autism in adults is the same as in children, once you bring adults in to be diagnosed.

I once made a long comment about this, and lucky for me I saved it to my computer because now I can't find the original. Just gonna c+p it here for you:

Okay, now people have been screaming about the rising diagnosis rates for autism since the mid-90s. They say that increased awareness cannot possibly account for all the increase. I submit that it certainly can and probably does for several reasons.

First, starting with the publication of the DSM-IV in the early 90s the diagnostic criteria for autism changed significantly. It became much easier to obtain. Previously, if you did not perfectly match the criteria you got a diagnosis of the catch-all "mental retardation" or even of "childhood schizophrenia" - and if you're about to say that autism is nothing like schizophrenia, don't bother, I know. But that's how the diagnosis was back then. Since it was easier to get a diagnosis of autism, naturally, diagnoses went up. (And every time I say "diagnoses went up", remember that this means awareness went up as well.)

Secondly, at that same time, "asperger's" as entered into the DSM, and the whole concept of an autistic spectrum emerged. Plenty of children who would have received no diagnosis at all prior to this, or who would've been diagnosed as ADD or as OCD were now obtaining diagnoses such as Asperger's, HFA, or PDD-NOS. (This actually happened to me. My parents dragged me around to doctors for years trying to get me diagnosed (my mother had apparently worked with autistic students for a while, and they'd read some books by Temple Grandin), but back in the day you basically couldn't get diagnosed as autistic if you could speak, especially if you were bright and/or female. When I got diagnosed as an adult I was told it was really pretty obvious. Trust me, I don't act more autistic now than I did as a kid!) Of course, the thing to take away from this is that diagnoses went up.

Thirdly, prior to the 90s, reporting of autism was sporadic at best. Many states made no reports of cases of autism, or only half-hearted ones. But as awareness continued to rise, more and more states started making better and better reports, allowing us to get a better grasp of new cases being diagnosed. And this, of course, in and of itself led to increased awareness.

Increased awareness is, of course, the fourth piece of the puzzle, the one all the others lead to. Doctors, as we know, are told "when you hear hoofbeats, think horses, not zebras". Sound advice in most situations - if it looks like a cold, it probably IS a cold. But the problem comes when what you think is a zebra is really a horse.

Prior to the DSM-IV, doctors were told that the autism risk was something like 1 in 10,000. And parents didn't really hear about it at all, or if they did they thought of "Rain Man", and if their kid didn't match that profile perfectly (given that Kim Peek, the inspiration for the character, wasn't autistic they shouldn't expect that), assumed that the term "autistic" didn't apply to their child and didn't ask doctors to look into it. (I am certain that if I had been given the Checklist for Autism in Toddlers as a toddler I would have been diagnosed much sooner. I would have failed it at 18 months. Heck, I would have failed it at 8 years, and that's not an exaggeration. Now it's standard, but it wasn't when I was a child.) Because the doctors parents went to assumed it was rare, they didn't look for it, and so they failed to diagnose it. But as awareness continued to rise, doctors were more and more likely to look for autism, and thus more and more likely to diagnose it. And when the alarmist bells started to ring about how autism is "increasing", doctors and parents BOTH started to look for it a LOT more.

Now, of course, this all doesn't show that incidence is the same as it has always been, simply that incidence could be the same as it has always been. Anecdotally, though, I will say that it is a very common story among adult autistics to be diagnosed only after a child in the family is diagnosed. Sometime during the process they start to realize that everything that applies to this kid also applies to them, and then they get diagnosed. Not so anecdotally, at least one study has shown that the rate in adults is really no different from the rate in children: http://abcnews.go.com/Health/AutismNews/autism-epidemic-challenged-uk-study/story?id=13518453 (I've seen other sources, but it's been a while since I avidly kept up on autism news).

Another note: Many people on my family match the broader autistic phenotype. My maternal grandfather was most definitely autistic. Last time I said this, the person I was speaking to literally replied that this was impossible because autism didn't even exist until Kanner started studying it in the 1940s. I suppose that is the logical conclusion of "rates and incidence are always the same", but I laughed right in her face. Kanner himself noted that the parents of the children he worked with showed autistic traits. (It is this observation that led to the monstrous "refrigerator mother" hypothesis  which has now been thoroughly debunked, but the observation itself was quite correct.) You can see, though, if you haven't thought of it, that we really only have accurate information about autism going back a few generations at best. It's only recently, for example, that we've found that men who are older when they father their first child are more likely to have an autistic child (that applies to my father!) or grandchild (and that one applies to my mother's father). The jury is most definitely out on why this should be so, though - is it because something happens to the sperm as men age? Or is it because men and women who show autistic traits are slower to enter into relationships and take longer to start having sex? That is also most definitely possible - just as it is possible that people who show autistic traits prefer to be in relationships with other people who show autistic traits, a form of assortive mating, and one that is evidently true within my own family, though I cannot speak for how common that really is. 




 Incorrect... or, at least, only partially correct. Prior to the DSM-IV, people with Asperger's couldn't get diagnosed, and thus weren't included in the statistics... which, back then, were fairly patchy.

It's fairly common for adult autistics to only get a diagnosis now after a child in the family is diagnosed. Heck, my parents *knew* I was on the spectrum, and they tried to get a diagnosis back then, but it just didn't happen. I was a girl, I could talk quite well (well, if you don't consider that an inability to switch out of a formal register and a marked difficulty with figurative speech are problematic) and so little things like the fact that I didn't make eye contact or point to things at the age of eight were overlooked. 




 Note: Autism isn't a mental illness, it is a developmental disorder. 




 Not gooood, grooood. 




 She didn't make things worse this time.  




 There's a big difference between "keeping secrets" and "lying". Every time he spoke to her as The Flash, he was implicitly lying to her. (And I've said it before, but here I'll say it again, when somebody says they don't want a romantic relationship with you, you need to back off, and so does your costumed alter ego.)

Additionally, Barry had a moral obligation to inform her when her ignorance was putting her in peril. Which it *was*, precisely *because* her life had been threatened. With that information, maybe she could've gone on an extended vacation abroad, away from the RF's reach. 




 Yes, Kira rocks. But she wasn't a captain, and she only wore a Starfleet uniform for a few episodes. Where you gonna get a Bajoran uniform? 




  Yeah, that's a clever dodge, except that Trek didn't operate that way until the Abrams films, so the writers of that episode did wipe out the timeline in favor of that new one. 

Oh, didn't it? I present [Exhibit A: Parallels.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parallels_%28Star_Trek:_The_Next_Generation%29) As seen in that episode, diverging histories lead to divergent universes. The multiverse is, and has been canon, and not just the mirror universe. As further proof, we have [Deadlock](http://en.memory-alpha.org/wiki/Deadlock_%28episode%29) - two Voyagers enter, one Voyager leaves. (And nobody ever brings it up again, which is odd, but par for the course.)

To our knowledge, none of these alternate worlds were caused by time travel. However, our knowledge is patchy at best. We don't know the exact circumstances that created *any* of those branches in the multiverse. Therefore, it could have worked that way from the beginning. You certainly cannot assert confidently that it did *not*.

As proof that Janeway did care, the people who were in on her plan had made plans for the future. They expected to keep on living even if she succeeded in her one-woman mission. Barclay did not run off to Risa, he continued teaching. The Doctor didn't immediately run and tattle to Starfleet Command, he only told Harry. Kim did not laugh madly as he decided to help her, he pointed out he would get "demoted to ensign" once caught.  




 If it'd been photoshopped on, don't you think she wouldn't've worn the purple turtleneck under it? 




 That wouldn't help you very much with learning a new dialect or language. To eliminate or alter an accent you'd want to deal with a vocal coach. 




 You don't have to personally kill the rats, just  go down to a pet store and get feeder rats for snakes. Or heck, put out a few snap traps in the alley and call it a public service 




 1. Ravi becoming a zombie. Has potential. I kinda ship Ravi/Liv anyway.

2. Maybe it's because Iris finally found out on The Flash about, well, The Flash, but I'm big on bringing people into the loop. Specifically, Major. Major needs to be brought in on this whole zombie thing. (And eventually Clive does as well.)

3. I knew zombie!Arthur had a 50/50 shot of being bad news.

4. What the hell did Blaine mean "she has her part to play" or whatever exactly he said? 




 The 25th century. He came back in time to kill The Flash, because he's crazy and going back in time to kill people is, according to the wiki, pretty much how he solves all his problems. 




 It's enough to give anybody trust issues. 




 I'm thinking most men would've been more upset as well if their best friend did this to them. 




 ...a wizard did it? 




 Except for the whole keeping Iris in the dark thing. Well, at least that's finally over. 




 He kinda *does* have to go help everyone at every time. He's a superhero, that's the job description. He certainly has to help his substitute father figure. 




 Or at least, I don't know, *use* them. 




 He hasn't eaten in *centuries*. 




 Well, after living in a sewer we should just assume he IS dirty. 




 You know what would've happened if they'd done that? She would have said the exact same thing I'm about to say: Her life wasn't threatened "if she knows Barry is The Flash", her life was threatened "if you (Joe) keep digging into this". And Joe kept digging into it and didn't tell her anything!

If he really wanted to keep her safe, he should have told her *everything*. Knowledge is most definitely power when there are people who have threatened your life. 




  
 
 
 
 Wells talked him through that vibrating through solid objects trick--it's something Barry should be able to do, but not something he can do at the drop of a hat right now.

He ought to be practicing new tricks at home or something. 




 Maybe Grodd came to his own conclusions about that one. 




 So maybe if he already threatened her life, *as she pointed out*, she would have been safer if she'd been kept in the loop! 




  the fact that she wiped out an entire timeline at the end of the series in order to satisfy her own selfish wants and desires is in itself reason to detest her and not want to emulate or champion anything about her.

So did Jake Sisko, but he doesn't get this level of hate. Neither does Harry Kim, for that matter. (And if we believe that the new Star Trek movies exist simultaneously with TOS - which is what the writers insist is the case - then surely Janeway did the same thing. She didn't "wipe out" a timeline, she just created an additional one that runs alongside the first.) 




 No. No, it wasn't you. It was /r/botsrights. 




 He didn't tell Eddie that!

Also: Iris is a grown woman. She does not need her dad to be her marriage and dating gatekeeper. She does not need him to be her matchmaker.  




  Shining voyager far from home....

That's a great episode where nobody at all angsts even a tiny little bit about breaking the prime directive, even though you'd think they'd at least give it some lip service. The plot is better for it. 




 Only by breaking the temporal prime directive! 




 Not lost like "destroyed", lost like "misplaced". I think ending up in the Delta Quadrant is pretty darn lost!

(At any rate, given that she did end up admiral, I was mostly engaging in snark rather than seriously suggesting that she should've been demoted.) 




 Well, then? You tell us who is supposed to be punishing them and I'll send whoever it is a strongly worded letter to that effect. 




 She lost her ship! She could hardly expect to be promoted to admiral upon her return, could she? 




 Sometimes smart people can be incredibly stupid. The blog isn't unethical, it's just risky. 




 In real life NYC, the rising costs of housing is a VERY real issue. Anybody making moves to kick low-income renters out of their apartments, even without the violence, really *is* a villain to the public. 




 Not as main characters and you know it. 




 Yes, but which half? 




 Who knows what that did to its digestive system? 




 Yeah, but what a stupid messiah. All she does is show up when it's time to land on a planet? Seriously? Who the heck has a religion like that? 




 That's dedication for you. 




 Living well is the best revenge. Have yourself a marathon!  




 Maybe he gave it up like the time Riker was Q and decided he didn't want to stay Q. 




 Because she can be the captain and drink coffee. Duh. 




 Well, I walked right into that one. 














 God, who *doesn't* love the Satanists? 




 If I could fall into the sky
Do you think time would pass us by?

NO SENSE.

And I never understood any of Kissed By A Rose. None of it.
 




 I must say, only eating orange food is a new one by me :) With toddlers, so often they'll only eat white foods (rice, pasta, cheese sticks, plain chicken breast) or only eat brown foods (chicken nuggets, peanut butter, chocolate chip cookies). Orange at least gives you room for healthy foods, even if many of them will turn her orange! (But it's harmless, seriously.)

I would suggest that if she is eating fewer than 15 foods and this has been going on for longer than three months, or if this is severely impacting her health and/or ability to function, or if you have reason to suspect that this might be a component of a broader disorder such as autism, reflux, or sensory processing disorder, that you speak to your pediatrician about getting a referral to a speech-language pathologist (yes, even if she has no speech issues) or an occupational therapist to help with the "pickiness". 

That's not intended to scare you. I suggest it every time, because so often parents don't know where the line is between "normal pickiness" and "not normal pickiness" is.

If you're confident she's in the normal range, then what you want to do is start with baby steps. This might mean having her get through dinner without screaming that you put some green beans on her plate and don't you KNOW she HATES those. Or, if she is willing to sit with those things on her plate, it might mean getting her to sniff the green bean and maybe put it in her mouth before quietly spitting it out. Baaaaaby steps. 

What sort of foods does she eat right now? I'm thinking squashes, sweet potato, carrots, scrambled eggs, cheddar cheese, oranges, tangerines? Anything else? 




 My own mother went (so she says) three years on pasta, salami, mushrooms, and apples. Her parents figured they were doing a good job getting her to eat and didn't stress it. "Disciplining" children for food issues is counterproductive - it just turns the dinner table into a battleground and entrenches their rule to "never eat that yucky stuff".

Oh, and in my mother's case? She hadn't "decided to be picky". She had undiagnosed asthma and only ate foods that she knew from experience she could eat without having to chew too long, because if she had her mouth shut she *couldn't breathe*. There are many reasons for a child to go through periods of refusing certain foods. Many aspies, for example, go through bouts of only eating foods of a certain color, and it's terribly common for children of all stripes to be unable to eat certain textures of food. Rarely is it them "deciding" to be "picky". 




 Best place to start is this: what sort of food do you like to eat? No matter how healthy it is, no matter how much of a budget it is, it won't do any good if you don't like to eat it. We start with the foods you already enjoy, then we branch out.

So... what do you like to eat? Maybe we can figure out some ways to make 'em cheaper and healthier. 




 Yes, they do need to talk about it on the show. (Also about Cisco's ridiculous little crush. I think that entire blog is freaking adorable as heck.) 




 Why is there a /r/botsrights sub? 




 Except you need to put up quite a bit of money up front. When you're living hand to mouth, you don't have that - especially when you have no idea how long food takes to go bad, or whether you can pay the electric bill this month, or if you're gonna screw it up and end up with inedible hockey pucks.

You're not doing a good job of putting yourself in other peoples' shoes. 




 I meant that you don't prefer. Is there any part of the US that only gets the native species of wrens and blue birds? (Serious question, because I surely have no clue.)

 edit: starlings also aren't native, but I leave them alone.

That makes you unusual. I've tolerated starlings (not a birder, but I know the general opinion of them) ever since I saw one rescue a mourning dove by flying right in the face of a cat, but.... 




 Are you allowed to pull out the nest and eggs of "anything else nesting" if it happens to be a dispreferred native species? 






















































 My mother (who has a mean sense of humor) hid her key under a *neighbor's* door mat. Well, until we found out and made her stop.

She also spoke about getting a collection of those fake rocks and putting useless keys in 'em. One of these years somebody's gonna break one of her windows. 




 Well, if it's official canon I take back much of what I've said about those prisoners not having any TV. They get movie nights. And it is adorable. (Still, it's illegal detention and more or less solitary confinement and dubiously ethical as hell.) 









 His procedure took two months, and has a high failure rate, as seen by those episodes where Jack et al. show up. (It's stated, iirc, that the success rate might be better if they could get this done legally... but "better" doesn't necessarily mean "without high risk". We don't know what the failure rate really is.) We have no idea how long it would take in utero, nor if the success rate would be any better. We cannot assume that because *this* condition can be easily treated in utero - more easily than after birth - that *another* condition is the same way. 














 Yeah, but Paris considered his Starfleet father to be emotionally abusive. Weren't they estranged at the start of that show? 




 But if you're not going to eat those things before they go bad (or get too freezerburned), you've wasted that money.  




 Ground beef where I am is $6/lb, easy. I could buy the huge family packages and get the price down to $4.50/lb, but I have no place to store that much ground beef. My freezer isn't that big.

Tomatoes surely aren't $1/lb either unless I get the hard ones that taste like nothing and are a waste of money. Actually, I'm pretty sure those are $1.30/lb anyway.

That cheese looks off too, but I don't know for sure. I'll check at the store. 




 You can rinse it and pre-soak it, that will cut down the cooking time. 




 You're speaking like somebody who knows how to cook :) 




 Oddly, there are many people in the US who don't have consistent access to a fridge or a stove. People in shelters, people who are living in motels, people who are renting a single room in some woman's house... these people are kinda stuck. 




 And don't forget, if your budget is that strapped, you don't want to have to throw food out. What if you screw up the rice? What if your kids decide they won't eat the beans? Hamburgers are safer, because they always taste good. 




 It's not very healthy if you need to eat low-carb, say, due to diabetes. And you're really underestimating the food ignorance out there - I cannot tell you how many times I've suggested to somebody that they start off with dried beans only to be told that they can't use an entire pound of the stuff at once and are afraid what's left will go bad. 




 We saw them fix the spinal defects. Are mental defects such as the one Bashir faced as easy to fix? 




 Mmm, "orphan" can mean a child who has lost one out of two parents. That's not the usual definition, but it has been used that way, usually in the context of "widows and orphaned children" where one presumes that we care about the orphaned children even if their widowed mother is still alive. 




 It's canon that everybody has enough food and medical care and a place to live and clothes and leisure time and an education. It is not canon that everybody gets everything they could ever want.

Let's suppose that only a tiny minority of doctors is capable of doing this sort of genetic engineering - perhaps one for every thousand babies. No amount of going "but we're post scarcity!" is going to make that number higher. 




 Why would we need to be able to do that? 




  Good thing the Federation is post-scarcity and thus everybody can "afford" it.

Post-scarcity doesn't mean "everybody gets what they want". It means "everybody gets what they need". 

 There is nothing inherently bad about becoming super-human. All it means is that we are objectively better than we were before.

"better" is not by any means an objective word. 






















































 Maybe it's really hard to do it right, and there's 99 failures - even with legitimate doctors instead of the back alley approach - for every "success". 


































 It's the oldest one we've found, but that doesn't necessarily mean it is the first. There may have been others which have been lost.

 




 I read that book at least once a year. 














 When were you in the 4th grade? 














 Yeah, sounds like a lot of victim blaming in your family. It's more likely than you think.  




 Space is big. Really big. Really, really big, and three-dimensional as well. So long as the Krenim aren't causing any substantial trouble, the Zahl probably don't think it's worth the effort to try to track them down.  




 And Tuvix, who gave a reasonably good deathbed speech. (Not that good, but, y'know, he was pressed for time.) 




 Okay, first of all, you're assuming that Julian is utterly truthful about how impaired he was before the procedure. That's the assumption I usually make as well - no exaggeration, he's not misremembering. However, in fairness, it is *possible* he is mistaken somehow.

So you've more or less asked two questions resting on that assumption.

The first is, why on earth didn't Julian merit genetic treatment under the law? And that is an *excellent* question, because that's pretty darn impaired. Exactly what sort of therapy or help *was* he entitled to? No answers on that front, and I wish there were. I agree with you wholeheartedly here. Julian Bashir should have had *real* help for his *real* problems. Had he been able to get that, this whole second question could have been avoided, because he probably would have ended up as average instead of as a super genius.

The second is about whether or not it's moral to punish the child for the sins of the parents. In this case, I have to disagree with your conclusion. If you only punish the parents, you run the risk that pushy parents are going to risk it anyway to give their children an edge. And if the pushy parents do it, then a great deal of non-pushy parents are going to feel they have to do it as well just so their kids can keep up! Remember, Julian's parents didn't ethically stay within the spirit of the law (if not the letter) by simply having his impairments corrected, no, they made him *special*. And that's what every other parent would end up doing if there was a loophole. You can't be honest if everybody else is cheating. The only way to ensure that people don't break the law is to make sure that if it's caught, it all comes for nothing and *everybody* involved, parents and children, gets punished - the parents by being imprisoned, the children by being locked out of the best jobs. It's unfair, but at least that method has a chance of working.

One note: We have no idea if his genetic changes are heritable. It's not unheard of for people to carry two genetic codes. There's a case of a [woman who was accused of welfare fraud](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lydia_Fairchild) because genetic testing on her children showed they were somebody else's! It wasn't until they tested the third immediately after she gave birth that they realized her reproductive organs had a different set of chromosomes than the rest of her body. There's no reason that this might not have been done to Julian. (But was it? I have no clue.) 




 Thanks :) 




 Yes, but do you really think that schools are unsegregated today? Not in NYC they're not. 




 Oh, god, I had teachers like that. Fuck 'em. 




 All trains of thought eventually hit the racism station, have you noticed? 




 Until recently? 




 Because if we accept that dialect we're "dumbing down" English.

If you ask what the hell that even means, they go "It's common sense".

If you point out that they used the phrase "it's common sense" rather than explaining what the hell they mean, they whine that you're mean. 




   The assumption that there's anyone on reddit who's unaware of this controversy by this point.

They may as well ask if we've heard of Jesus Christ. 




 That, my friend, is why I exclusively say "from the gecko". I mean I don't, but I think it in my head. 




 Is your aunt, um, all right? I mean, I don't want to make fun of people who are *actually*, you know, not... right. 


































 Alternatively, you will see a world where police are even more obsessed with covering shit up, because they're scared of the collective punishment. 




 Punished by whom? The cops? Yeah, right. Buffy? She's got a blind spot a mile wide when it comes to people she cares about. The Watchers? To be honest, I'm not sure they *care* so long as they don't call too much attention to themselves. So who does that leave to do the punishing? 




 Her mom loved this other kid she made up in her head, her *son*. She was in huge denial over the real kid she had living with her. It's not so surprising she didn't want to accept the suicide, especially as suicide is also widely considered a major sin. 





































































 LOL, I'm not criticizing, though if you think it's better we can just delete everything and pretend it never happened. I'm just gonna assume that anybody interested in the subject *is* caught up. 




 Yeah... of course, if I hadn't, that reply would have given away everything. That's why I didn't bother with spoiler tags, because their very existence gives away everything :P 




 That title is too long, and spoils the ending. 




 Really? Do you have a link? I'm surprised Einstein has an opinion on this!  




 Oh god that's painful to read. 




 Yeah, if he's the only one doing the zombification.  




 Okay, but nobody else knows she's in the loop yet because that just happened, and since she had to figure it out on her own I don't think that counts. 




 I could never stand Kes. Seven at least doesn't give off this air of being mystically perfect. 




 Except for Iris. EVERYBODY IS IN THE LOOP BUT HER. (I don't care if you like the character or not, that's just not right.) 




 Liv has met two zombies. Each of them did the "how do you get your brains?" thing first time. Whats-his-face-Bad-Guy said he got his by grave robbing. Lowell says that a guy at the morgue will look the other way for cash. We know that Whats-his-face is lying. 





























 Honey, if somebody is "rejecting your kindness" that's because you're not actually being kind. You're being a nuisance, and they want you to stop.

And yes, kind people are nice to everybody.  









 The ! part means not... though not in IPA, where it means an alveolar click. (Wait, am I [reading this right?](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/8/8f/IPA_chart_%28C%292005.pdf)) 




 It's gonna be a cover *now*. Doubtful it was involved in the brain "farming" before. 




 Oh, I'm sure it's an excuse. I'm just saying that the fact that it's an excuse doesn't actually preclude them finding bodies on the property. 




