 Samurai Champloo! 




 Couldn't agree more with you!! 




 For me it's Paranoia Agent.... 




 Technically you don't even need nx. You can buy meister cubes or master craftsman cubes but those cost A LOT of money. Theres an option to craft it yourself but you need meister level smithing which is a pain in the butt. 




 I always upvote /u/Poem_for_your_sprog
 




 Try asking /r/manga or /r/anime.
 




 I'm not really funded would it be okay if I use 70% scroll because clean slate scrolls cost a lot of money.... 




 I don't have sympathy towards those who constantly complain about their problems and manipulate others into feeling sorry for them. 




 Seryu Ubuquitous from Akame Ga Kill 




 I know this is kind of late but is it better to scroll your CRA gear with spell traces 70% rather than spell traces 30%? I know spell traces 30% gives a higher boost but theres also a huge chance of failure... 




 First thing that came to mind was League of Legends. 




 Anime. Lots and Lots of Anime. Although like many other pleasurable activities, you are temporarily pushing the problem aside while immersing yourself in a fantasy world.  




 Never stick your dick in crazy! 




 I was suspended in 3rd grade for raising my fist at a kid who wouldn't let me play with him.  









 This was in the Walking Dead I think back in Season 4! 




 You Found Me - The Fray 




 "You must therefore be content to slubber the gloss of your new fortunes with this more stubborn and boist'rous expedition"

*Othello* 




 How do you remember Wyoming but not New Jersey, Pennsylvannia, Massachusetts or any other major states? NO ONE CARES ABOUT WYOMING. 




 Same for my school! 




 But did you try turning it off and back on? 














 Suicide doesn't take the pain away... it only passes it to someone else. Even though right now it may be tough, life always does get better. Tthink of all the opportunities you're missing out on life if you decide to end it? Think of all your friends, family, and colleagues that your death would affect. Good luck dude, just remember there's always a light at the end of the tunnel. 




 Type 8008 on your calculator. 




 Couldn't have said it any better. 




 You truly are an optimistic robot lord. 














 Oh I see. I would do Root Abyss but it's too hard even on Normal as my main probably can't even solo Gollux on Easy. 




 I'm on Scania. I'm selling some Crystal Ilbis for 70m, if anyone is interested please contact my Dark Knight, xDKnightzx1. Yes I know Crystal Ilbis are selling for ~100m but I just want to make some quick money. 




 All Mods

How do you guys earn your money? I know /u/icephoenix21 sells crystal ilbis and balanced furies. 




 I'm more of an anime person but yeah I agree. 




 Swap the Taj Mahal with the Eiffel Tower. 




 Anime. Most people assume anime is for little children but they're very *very* wrong... 




 I meant it as a joke.... 




 90% of statistics here are wrong. 




 Most mothers are cheating cunts because apparently nearly everyone I've met while playing video games claimed to have "fucked my mom". 




 Camden, Bronx, Baltimore, pretty much all the ghetto uneducated and impoverished communities.  




 My mom asked me what the stain on my bedsheet was, I told her I drooled a lot when I sleeped. Not sure if she belives me.... 




 Wanking off actually is a great way to fall asleep as it helps to relieve stress and to take your mind off of things. Other than that I watch anime until I get tired...  









 Thanks for answering! One last question, is making crystal ilbi's your main source of income or do you go on gollux runs and stuff too? At first I thought about making money off of Gollux but my damage is so bad I can't solo it even on easy so thats why I need some money to get better gear and stuff.   




 How long did all the prequests take? What level do you recommend someone should  be before they start making crystal ilbi's? How long does selling one take?

Sorry for all the questions but I think I might try to make crystal ilbis now when I have a chance. At first I thought it was incredibly annoying to make but looking at it now, it doesn't seem that hard.  




 Yeah I know, I wasn't asking specifically if you would make one for me but rather if I can accompany you while you make them or work on my own set while you're there. I'm also on Scania btw also, I used to play ms five years ago so my guild has been inactive for a long time. 




 Thank you! I probably won't be going on maplestory for today but whenever I have a chance I'll add you. My username is xDKnightzx1. 
 




 But if I recalled the drop rate for the badge's weren't very high and also don't you need 100 dark crystals to make one set of balanced furies? Oh and what server are you on? If it isn't too troubling for you can you help assist me in making one set :D? 




 How? Care to explain or perhaps teach me? 




 They both are quite hard to make as they require a lot of exepensive materials and a lot of time spent on the prequests. 




 That's like asking why does your arm hurt when it's broken or fractured. 




 I was placed in Bronze 5 in League of Legends and I only cried for two days. 




 Waking up in the morning.... I think that goes for everyone though. 




 Does anyone wanna do Gollux runs with me? I'm on Scania and I have a lvl 140 Dark Knight. My damage isn't that great so I can't solo it even on easy. 




 I'm clutching my scrotum right now, oh god, I feel really bad for you it's extremely painful for me to even think about it. 




 You got your priorities straight! 




 Or you get stabbed right when you open the curtains and you start crying like a little bitch. 




