 (singing) "suicide is painless...." 




 reminds me of a terry gilliam movie 




 im sorryv that was a little harsh, but im just saying theres records for breaking stuff with peoples heads in there, so if THOSE can get into record books, THIS can get into record books (or SHOULD) anyway 




 hmmm i must've missed that one, but still in the yearly edition that'd be cool 




 dude, ANYTHING GOES in record books,so stfu

EDIT: ok that might have come out a little harsh 




 well technically i knew it for a while i just slowly got around to starting a discussion. but anyway, i think Guinness world records should have it in their next edition. like i can imagine that paragraph as follows:

pocket monsters (or pokemon depending on where youre from) is an anime based on the videogame series of the same name (also known as pokemon in english speaking markets) has ran for 17 seasons as of (insert date here) for over 800 episodes. pocket monsters also has been made into 16 feature films as of (insert6 date here and yes im aware theres a 17th movie coming out) making that the longest running film franchise based on a videogame.

wouldnt that be awesome? i say make this happen!! put that in the next guinness world records book! 




 Hey! He is not z-list! He's listless! You however just made my list! 




 http://imgur.com/h8A09QY 




 ah poopie! 




 ah poopie! 




 well what i wrote here i wouldnt write in english class. so in other words im not in school i can write whatever. even if it might offend some which i probably did 




 no but im quite a fan 




 i found similarities between the anime and doctor who, and they are as follows

. both ash ketchum and the doctor travel to weird and wonderful places

. both always happen to go somewhere where something bad is happening

. both ash ketchum and the doctor change their looks
   1. ash ketchum changes his outfit from time to time
   2. the doctor changes his whole damn body

. both ash ketchum and the doctor have an ever changing array of traveling companions 

i dont know about you guys but im on to something here, if i missed any other similarities let me know 

 




 In what way did you enjoy it? 









 Infect or repulse, I'm having a hard time determining which is being used as the negative term 




 patrick star lost his shit
 




 just in case you don't know who he is here's a link explaining who Doug Jones is:

http://imgur.com/h8A09QY

anyway who would he be good to play? 




 just in case you don't know who he is here's a link explaining who Doug Jones is: 

http://imgur.com/h8A09QY

anyway who would he be good to play? 




 before i watched the aforementioned episode i waited a 24 hour period so i could prepare myself for watching it, and i didnt have a seizure. but the flashing lights kinda gave me a little headache which went away. as for the episode itself its kinda interesting showing them go inside the machine kinda like TRON. and porygon was well represented. but all things considered the quality of the episode feels irrelevent, for its more (in)famous for the incident it caused, in fact most people dont even know what the episode is even about. and it brings me to the question, Should 'electric soldier porygon' be considered a 'fan favorite'? yes or no and explain why in the comments 




 oh man i hope i end up disagreeing with you, ive been waiting MONTHS to watch this movie. 




 i hope so, i could barely hold back tears at the end of movie 6: jirachi wish maker AND they top it off with a song to boot. i mean cmon man that wasnt fair 




 can someone get me in the right mindset to get ready to cry or be sad (or both) 




 i thought itd be a nickelodeon logo at first 




 My alternative titles are 'live and let BI', 'the living GAYlights', 'closet of solace', 'the BI who loved me', 'goldenBI', 'you only come out twice', 'come out another day', 'COONraker', 'BIamonds are forever' or 'closet royale' what do you guys think? Also whoever gets what all these alternative titles have in common will get an upvote.  




 im craving ocean spray cranberry juice all of a sudden 




 that would be a cool glass eye 




 reminds me of: https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSb-Vu1auDcS2POpxPJIjiG7BuVgG6qX9IHhQip-ktkJHh6VHg_ 




 My Alternative titles would either be 'live and let BI' 'the living GAYlights' or 'closet of solace' what do you think? 




 because man I freaking hate people who don't like the reboots, they literally wrote the highest grossing and rated star treks of all time! rotten tomatoes does not lie people!!!! all im asking is for once I would like to have a thoughtful and intelligent discussion about the movies and not trigger these bitchy ungrateful "long time fans" to shit on my good time! I mean does 95% and 87% mean ANYTHING TO YOU PEOPLE!? anyway I would like to see what bob orci has in store and sorry if I offended some people but youre still ungrateful. 




 you know like the part where the team rocket soldiers in the black shirts reveal like those wind blowing devices on the ship? and then like they show some trainers whose pokeballs are flying off their belts and then they cut to the main three who are surrounded by said team rocket soldiers demanding them to hand over their pokemon and misty is like saying "no way!" in that same scene they have those same air blowing devices and somehow the main characters just get asked to give up their pokemon while all thes trainers pokemon are literally flying away!? this is a troubling question from an otherwise great story arc. and i mean GREAT story arc. i get like a doctor who vibe from this episode . hell i often compare the anime to doctor who anyway. anyway i just thought it was weird that these team rocket grunts who had this high tech pokemon theft equipment just ask them for pokemon. any thoughts on that? 




 how about 'from seattle with love' 'live and let BI' or 'the living GAYlights' 




 i thought they are fun and action packed. i mean ive heard some people say like "it doesnt have the heart of star trek" "i hate the new actor for spock and hes gay" "i hate the actors" "i hate the new enterprise" the list goes on. meanwhile here i am not having too high standards wanting to be entertained and agreeing with the rave reviews (a movie doesnt get 95% or 87% on rotten tomatoes magically people!) its like one moment its like "critics and audiences agree the new star trek is awesome" and then its like "PSYCHE! heres some asshole mean spirited,ungrateful and hateful purists to keep it interesting" im literally afraid to have discussions of the new star treks on this site fearing ill get a hate message of some kind. because some trekkers are very royal. i swear to god if i hear ONE MORE TIME about it not having genes vision i will slip into a stress induced coma. if anyone has a good reason why i should or shouldnt like the jj abrams star trek movies dont hesitate to explain why. thank you 




 ive seen tblt MANY times and its great 




 Just so you know this kind of an edit of another post I did because someone pointed out the bad grammar and punctuation and this is an improvement over it. So anyway about 'a goofy movie' Man, I watched the HELL out of that movie as a kid, I havnt seen it in a while but I'm sure I still do today. I mean imagine for a moment you're a producer for Disney and you're waiting for an idea for a 'goof troop' spinoff film and you want it to appeal to the current generation (when the 1990's WAS the current generation) and make it as trendy and hip as possible. And just when you thought all hope was lost, someone comes into your office and is like (spoilers) 

guy: I have an idea for that gestating goof troop spinoff film. 

Producer: alright let's hear it 

guy: ok so max is in high school now and gets in trouble. 

Producer: hmmmmmm that's interesting tell me more 

guy: ok so after the principal calls goofy and Tells him if max keeps this up hell get in trouble in life.

Producer: ohhhhhhh yessssss keep going 

guy: ok so goofy arranges to go on a cross country road trip to get their relationship back to normal but max wanted to watch this concert on tv with his girlfriend. But now can't. And now that max and goofy are on said road trip they come across many strange characters and obstacles including Bigfoot. And they learn a little something about each other in the process. 

Producer: I love it!!! It's a sure fire winner! Let's make it a musical and yo got yourself a deal.

If I ever met the guy who wrote the screenplay to 'a goofy movie' I would thank the HELL out of him for such an amazing childhood film. Know what I mean? 









 Man, I watched the HELL out of that movie as a kid, I havnt seen it in a while but I'm sure I still do today. I mean imagine for a moment you're a producer for Disney and you're waiting for an idea for a 'goof troop' spinoff film and someone comes into your office and is like (spoilers) 

guy: I have an idea for that gestating goof troop spinoff film. 

Producer: alright let's hear it 

guy: ok so max is in high school now and gets in trouble. 

Producer: hmmmmmm that's interesting tell me more 

guy: ok so after the principal calls goofy and Tells him if max keeps this up hell get in trouble in life.

Producer: ohhhhhhh yessssss keep going 

guy: ok so goofy arranges to go on a cross country road trip to get their relationship back to normal but max wanted to watch this concert on tv with his girlfriend. But now can't. And now that max and goofy are on said road trip they come across many strange characters and obstacles including Bigfoot. And they learn a little something about each other in the process. 

Producer: I love it!!! It's a sure fire winner! Let's make it a musical and yo got yourself a deal. 

Know what I mean? 




 i want him to like turtles 




 yes, and if they arent do any pretend to regenerate 




 do any characters regenerate? if so whom? and if not, does anybody at least pretend to regenerate? 




 Oh I see, but still saying that synopsis must taste pretty damn good. 




 I mean pretty much any kid who grew up in the 1990's knows what 'space jam' is I mean I'm jealous of the guy who was able to walk into a studio and tell a producer: (spoilers)
Guy: ok here's the idea, the owner of this intergalactic theme park which is panned by its customers, wants to improve the park by having the looney toons work there . So he sens his henchmen to kidnap the looney toons.
Producer:hmmmmmm that's interesting, tell me more.
Guy: so then when the henchmen attempt to kidnap the looney toons, the looney toons challenge the henchman to a no holds barred basketball game with the aid of a soon to be retiring nba superstar Michael Jordan.
Producer: I LOVE IT!!! We'll get started immediately!
I mean that takes some balls to have that plot just pass your lips like that. You know you'd have a ball pitching it. That guy must've had the best day of his life then. I mean (the late) siskel and ebert both gave it a thumbs up.
 




 I said stuff like "wash the c*m out of your mouth" "good luck losing your virginity" "fag" stuff like that. I mean, is it wrong that I liked into darkness? I mean all I'm saying is that I want to feel safe saying something and not have anybody push me around. I mean do those rotten tomatoes scores mean anything to Trekkers? Anyway I'm sorry for all the mean stuff I said. 




 Oh I get it! You're checking both the man and woman out whose skating 




 Do any characters regenerate? 




 i think of the war doctor as 'the 8th doctor mark II' because it was eights decision to take the form while still alive with that face, and even after eight changed into john hurt he still bore a slight resemblance to eight, just throwing that out there 









 I see a beautiful kissable ass but no tatoo 




 uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh yeah, that's gross 




