 I didn't even know you get an engineering ring! 




 So far, i've been reading to no avail. What i've found is that some limitations included:
- Women, Slaves, Foreigners were excluded
- Men, regardless of education, were allowed to vote so some uneducated people could be making important political decisions
- Unpopular but necessary decisions would not be likely passed (can't find examples though)

Pros:
- Allowed a representation of what the people want. 




 About writing music, i've composed a few musical pieces, mostly for the piano like double and triple fugues and etudes though i've sketched out an incomplete symphony (only the first movement)

I don't think i'll ever be a band leader, not really interested in leading, I just want to play music aha

And about the type of prog, i'm still relatively new to prog so i'm open to everything right now :)

Thank you for such a detailed reply! I'm going to watch those links now. 




 Hey all! For the last 15 years i've been playing as a classical pianist and did dabble a bit into jazz and was wondering what advice you could give me if I wanted to move into prog rock? 

For a sense of ability, my repertoire included Chopin's op.25 (Full), Debussy Preludes Book II (Including no.12) and the Shotakovich Concertos.

Thanks! 




 Two worlds one sun... If only the warring nations of this world realized that we all share a single sun 




 That sounds cool! Thanks :)

One more question, how long after you submitted your materials did you get invited for an interview? 




 This one. 




 How much money do you make monthly? 









 Thank you soo much for introducing me to Palmgren! I have never heard of him or felt this way about music for a very very long time. :')

edit: Just sightread it after printing the score from IMSLP and played it on my piano with my windows open close to midnight and I am soo happy right now, thank you soo much Catt! 









 Never said any of my pieces were easy :p, yeah that prelude was a monster! I included it in my fellowship recital a few months back. Loved the quote of La Marseillaise towards the coda xD 




 Listening to it right now and I am in awe! Can't believe i've never heard of this gorgeous gem before (esp. the third one!) 




 Hi! Just to give a sense of my ability, here's some pieces from my repertoire:
Chopin Etudes op.25 (Full)
Schubert D.960 Sonata
Beethoven op.110,109 Sonatas
Debussy Preludes Book I and II
Shostakovich Concertos I and II
 














 Exactly 666 comments, how meta- ops I spoiled it. 









 So I can just buy a plane ticket right now with no preparation whatsoever and fly straight into South Korea? 









 It's freezing down here in Melbourne! 




 A high school friend of mine did a research essay on Nobili's Rings and Liesegang Rings which I thought was subtly beautiful! 



















