 I think the point of the documentary was not to come out with any crazy new revelations about Scientology, but to bring the information to the masses.  

Before the movie I knew scientology was weird, and they harassed their former members and stuff, but i did not realize how messed up it really was.  Extorting people of money, keeping people confined through mental abuse.  I think there are many people like me that sort of knew a little bit about Scientology and that it was weird, but didn't really know about the really truly crazy stuff it has done.

 




 I imagine this would make getting to the ISS a lot easier considering Tony's suit seems to have an unlimited amount of DeltaV, and pressure capability.

That would actually be an awesome movie Iron Man in space. 




 the issue is not equalizing pressure, this would only take a minute or two.  The issue is making sure they have a good seal. 




 There is plenty of propellant on the Soyuze to facilitate multiple deckings.  Propellant would not be a limiting factor. 




 Thats what I was going to say as well, I believe that the hollow point of the bullet is creating the super cavitation reducing drag on the bullet and letting it maintain enough speed to penetrate the second jug of water.  It would be interesting if he used a hollow point rifle round to see what it would do. 




 Me too, I thought it was so cool that he got to vote. 




 I just watched going clear this video on top of it just makes it that much more creepy and scary.  Started off today thinking scientology was some weird cult that harassed people who quit.  Ended thinking "Damn Scientology you really scary." 




 Dude get your facts strait.  Your quote is completely out of context.

When you actually read what he was saying you realize it is not that ridiculous.

It is time to leave the call of violence and the politics of division behind. On so many issues, we face a choice between the promise of the future, or the prisons of the past. And we cannot afford to get it wrong. We must seize this moment. And America stands ready to work with all who are willing to embrace a better future. 

The future must not belong to those who target Coptic Christians in Egypt  it must be claimed by those in Tahrir Square who chanted, "Muslims, Christians, we are one." The future must not belong to those who bully women  it must be shaped by girls who go to school, and those who stand for a world where our daughters can live their dreams just like our sons. 

The future must not belong to those corrupt few who steal a country's resources  it must be won by the students and entrepreneurs, the workers and business owners who seek a broader prosperity for all people. Those are the women and men that America stands with; theirs is the vision we will support. 

**The future must not belong to those who slander the prophet of Islam. But to be credible, those who condemn that slander must also condemn the hate we see in the images of Jesus Christ that are desecrated, or churches that are destroyed, or the Holocaust that is denied.** 

Let us condemn incitement against Sufi Muslims and Shiite pilgrims. It's time to heed the words of Gandhi: "Intolerance is itself a form of violence and an obstacle to the growth of a true democratic spirit." Together, we must work towards a world where we are strengthened by our differences, and not defined by them. That is what America embodies, that's the vision we will support.

The rest of the speech is here (https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2012/09/25/remarks-president-un-general-assembly)

And a video of the part of the speech you are referring to (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T6uZFSj_ueM)

Before you go shouting out these quotes, you should look and see where they come from and see what they actually mean in the context that they were spoken. 




 What does Muslim sympathizer mean?  Are there such thing as Christian sympathizers, Jewish sympathizers or Hindu sympathizers? 




 Obama is christian dude.  This is the same thing as people thinking he was born in Kenya. 

Ted Cruze was born in Canada yet nobody seems to care because his a natural citizen due to his mom being from the US.  Well even if Obama wasn't born in the US(which he was) he is still a natural citizen due to his mom being a US Citizen. 




 You cant claim that every news site but Fox has agenda.  The important thing is to question what you are seeing.  cross check what you see on one site against others, did what they said hold water?  Politifact might have a slant but that does not mean what they are saying is not true, just like Fox has a slant, but that does not mean what they are saying is not also true.  

Also it concerns me just as much when MSNBC tells half truths or blatant lies, as when Fox does it.

Edit: I just wanted to say I don't watch MSBC I get tired of feeling like I am being lied to, even if I do agree with what they are saying. 




 I can't tell if this is sarcastic or not. 




 I would guess that it would be handled similarly to refusing to pay your taxes, or refusing to pay a ticket. 




 This was my thoughts put a nosecone in there to protect the interstage. 




 Why not just stick a nosecone over the interstage like the side boosters for falcon heavy?  Then the 1st stage stays aerodynamic after separation.  




 I don't think it would take that much effort to design a nosecone to go over the interstage, and fit in the trunk of dragon 




 I want my flair 




 I understand your opinion, but you should try to phrase it better in order to contribute to the discussion.  Calling people parasitic and clueless just makes you sound like a jerk, maybe say uninformed voters who support more public spending.  It will go a long way to making your opinion herd and more convincing. 




 This assumes that the people who vote now are informed.  There a bunch of people that vote right now that have no understanding of the issues, and only vote one way or another because of an add they saw or the way the party has told them to vote. 




 There is also early voting.

Also on another point, I do not understand why early voting is not available on weekends, it seems silly. 




 In US only about [50% of people vote](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Voter_turnout_in_the_United_States_presidential_elections) in presidential elections, and for midterms(the elections in-between presidential elections) that numeber is [more like 30-40%](http://time.com/3576090/midterm-elections-turnout-world-war-two/).  So it is a big problem here.

As for taxes you have a fair point and I agree with you, taxes are necessary, but in the US a lot of people see forcing people to pay taxes as against their rights.  

As for Jury Duty, this is actually very interesting to me, how does Sweden get people to come to jury duty if it is not mandatory?

And to address the police question, as I said in the post you would receive a fine, police would not arrest people for not voting.

 




 We enforce plenty of things right now that many would consider worse than voting.  Jury duty and taxes just to name two, so it is not unprecedented to require voting.  




 Like I said it is not that it is not possible, but it is much more work for a poor person than a rich person. A rich person does not have to wait 6 months in order to go get an ID. 




 I addressed this in the post.  You do not have to fill out the ballot, you can leave it completely blank if you want to.  

This is not any different than how it is now.  When you get your ballot you could make a vote for every single thing on the sheet, one, or none.  There is no law that says you have to fill out the whole ballot. 




 I am just basing this off of other countries and what they do.  You need some sort of incentive, and a fine is the most practical. The idea is the amount of people paying the fine should be very small, less than 1% of the population.

Also you could make the fine proportional to your income. So a rich person would pay a much larger fine than a poor person.   




 See but I believe it should not matter what kind of job you hold.  I know plenty of people that have very successful careers, but are on hourly pay.  For instance carpenters or other labor workers.  Hourly workers are not just in the service industry. 




 Sorry I will add this to the post.  I will assume that this would only be for national and state Elections to begin with, basically president and midterms.  not primaries and other stuff.

Although I think there should be a national election day for primaries and county stuff too to standardize it, and make it less confusing.

Edit: Sorry National and State. 




 It is not just about getting fired, what I am saying is many poor people can not afford to loose 4 hours of pay or whatever it would take to get an ID.  If you are in a salaried position that is one thing, but as an hourly worker this could mean coming up short at the end of the week.  

Don't mistake me I am not saying it can not be done.  A person can make sacrifices, but my problem is a poor person has to make significantly more sacrifices in order to vote than a rich person does. 




 A few things first.  In order to avoid unnecessary arguments.

* You do not have to vote for anyone if you do not want to.  This is the case now and would theoretically continue to be the case.  You would go get your ballot, and if you wanted to you could leave it completely blank.  The point is you showed up. 
* Taking examples from other countries, the penalty for not voting would be a fine.
* We are assuming there would be sufficient early voting times and possibly make election day a national holiday.

I don't know if there is anything I missed.  I would like to hear what people think.

Personally I support mandatory voting, as it would eliminate a lot of the problems we have now like poor people not having the time/money to go vote, and disenfranchisement of parts of the population.

Edit: /u/DeShawnMann brought up a good point to start this would only be for national and state elections.
 




 The problem is a lot of times voting doesn't require effort, it requires money.  A poor person can not afford to take a day off work to go wait at the DMV to get an ID.(many states do not have DMV's open on weekends.) A rich person can. 




 I believe voter ID is fine, if you give everyone an ID.  There are plenty of countries were ID's are required to vote, but they also issue ID's to everyone in the country for free starting at a very young age.  

Basically if you want to require ID's you better make sure everyone has an ID. 




 Are you just going to make it look good, or are you wanting to make it flight capable? 




 There are plenty of people out there that do not support interracial marriage.

My point is, would you support Memories Pizza if they said we have decided not to cater black or interracial weddings because of their religious beliefs?   




 I think that it is important to understand this is a bit of a grey zone.  What happens if a place says we will not serve black people because of our religious belief?  That seems a lot like Jim Crow to me, especially if a lot of businesses are doing it.

People do have a right to religious freedom, but when does refusing service go to far?  It is not quite clear. 




 Possibly, but I think that they want to keep the hatch open so the crew can enter it quickly in an emergency.  But who knows what they would do. 




 I was assuming the defect was with the seal on the Soyuze 




 Wanted to report a bug, when you loose internet connection the extension will continue to count down even after connection returns.  Eventually it goes into negative numbers, and just keeps gong until you quit Crome and reopen.  It would be nice if you could fix this so it resets automatically or you can reset it manually when this situation happens.

My internet goes out frequently, but returns seconds to minutes later, and it is annoying that the extension continues to count down even once i have internet again. 




 Not immediately, but astronauts have been evacuated to the Soyuze capsules during problems or high risk times.  Usually they are evacuated to Soyuze and then they wait for further info and directions from the ground.  In Soyuze they are pretty safe, because the capsules are capable of providing life support to the astronauts, and landing capabilities if that becomes necessary.  No sense being hasty and landing all the astronauts when the problem is small and can be easily fixed.  

I just realized your question was about air leaks immediately after docking.  I suppose it matters how bad the air leak is, and what is causing it.  It might just be the seal didn't line up very well during docking, in this case just dock again and see if the seal is better.  On the other hand if there is a physical defect in the rubber seal that can not be fixed, I suppose NASA would be left with no options but to land.  In the mean time Soyuze has enough resources to sustain the three people in the capsule for at least a few days it is likely that NASA would use at least a couple days to work on a solution before sending Soyuze back to earth. 




 In general if their is an air leak you want to be in a vehicle that is equipped to land.  There is really no point to letting the astronauts in and then doing the leak check, because if something goes wrong you are trapped outside your capsule. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsNnGZZusiQ 




 Tone it down Zaheer, you are still chained up in a mountain.


Also just for chuckles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JjYRYUVjhEg 




 How did you get the blades to spin around the central axis if this is with stock parts? 




 Yea this is true. 




 I didn't say that it would be safer, far from that. I just don't think Iran is going to be too trigger happy.  There is no incentive for them to use the nuclear weapon on the US if they did have one, North Korea is proof of that. 




 What would Iran do with a nuclear weapon even if they did get one?  North Korea has had nuclear capabilities for years and they have not used them.  These governments are not stupid if they used these weapons, or accidentally on purpose let them get into terrorist hands that would be the end of their government. 




 I think the bigger question is could we afford another war that drags on for that long.  The Iraq war is estimated to have cost almost [4 trillion dollars](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/03/14/us-iraq-war-anniversary-idUSBRE92D0PG20130314).  And in your argument you say we should have stayed longer.  How long were we supposed to stay?  Was Obama supposed to keep troops in Iraq for another 8 years?  I don't think the US could have afforded to stay much longer.

Other points:

* Iran is much larger than Iraq, and would require more resources to effectively control than Iraq did.  
* We would receive even less support for an Iran invasion than we did for Iraq.  This would mean higher costs and back lash from the international community which might lend substance to the arguments of some other countries like Russia, and possibly lead to unforeseen consequences and backlash.
* On the subject of cost our debt is already in somewhat of a precarious situation.  adding to it by trillions would not help, and possibly if circumstances were not favorable push the United States to a default.


My last point and in my opinion what i think is our best course of action.

Many younger Iranians have become somewhat disillusioned with the ultra conservativeness of their government.(enforcing headscarves, no dancing with the opposite gender outside your family, restrictions on western clothing...) There is a good chance this will lead to political change within the country if we give it time.  Invading would most certainly destroy these political movements.  It would play right into the hands of the government who has been preaching for years about how the US is horrible and they will attempt to destroy us if we give them the chance.  Right now the government is becoming the bad guy for many young Iranians.  Invading preemptively would fulfill the Iranian governments predictions, and make us the bad guys.  

It might be best if we let the foundations of the government slowly erode and let these social movements work over time while holding Iran to the terms of the agreement.  It's not like we our blind US intelligence will almost certainly find out if Iran begins working on building nuclear weapons and if they do we can act accordingly.

Edit: I realized after rereading that I didn't quite address your argument.  Basically I am saying yes Iraq was relatively stable compared to a few years before, but at what cost?  It is likely that no matter when we puled out Iraq was going to have problems. Were willing to continue to spend over 400 billion dollars a year just to keep a country stable?   and are we willing to create that situation for ourselves all over again? 




 You know I understand the sentiment, it is quite possible that Iran could obtain a nuclear weapon.  But what other options do we have?  A preemptive war?  

As we can see with Iraq, those have not been going so well.
 




 I completely agree it's not acceptable on either end.  I am glad they suspended him. 




 What is the reference here? 




 I would guess it was do to a degradation in the quality of the posts.  From the daily dot article i read, it sounds like /r/atheism was just becoming a place with a lot of loud atheist bigots.  As for /r/politics which i still go to, it is undeniable that it has a very democratic lean.  I even feel weird reading over the comments there, because even though i agree with most of the stuff, I am realizing more and more that it is an echo chamber of liberal ideology and politics.  So i am guessing they got rid of /r/politics because it was becoming less about politics and more like /r/democrats.  

You have to remember this is what everyone sees when they visit reddit without an account, and are automatically subscribed to when they create an account.  I am sure they are conscious of the image they are projecting, and want to do their best to keep the default site as neutral as possible.  

Basically if you like that content on reddit you can find it but the people in charge don't want that stuff to be the first thing you see. 




 Awesome, thanks.  I wouldn't be looking to do it on a per second basis anyway most likely i would just be doing daily(martian day) changes. 




 I thought that the part about the Fukushima nuclear meltdown was a little off base.  Yea sure the fish are not that bad, but there is an exclusion zone where the ground is radioactive now, and can cause long term health problems like cancer, and that is not going to change for decades or centuries just like Chernobyl. 




 They think that making taxes zero is the only thing businesses care about.  I just hope NC doesn't go the way of Kansas, that would be sad. 




 I saw somebody with a blue circle instead of purple and it said 45 seconds. 




 I am tempted to hit the button just so i might get a trophy for it later. 




 I have recently created a subreddit called /r/opportunityrover I t has a slot for the martian sol date and other things i the sidebar, but as i recently learned CSS is incapable of updating these times automatically.  I read this post over at CSS http://www.reddit.com/r/csshelp/comments/2xu2fd/how_do_i_add_a_clockthe_time_in_the_sidebar_like/  and the commenter explained you needed a bot to update the time.  Can someone explain to me or give me the code i need to get a bot to do that.

PS: I am supper noob at this.  I am still sort of confused how bots even work so sorry ahead of time. 




 you are saying this while your up and down vote icons are anchors lol 




 It is possible to release the trunk before you cut the engines which would give sufficient separation. 




 It's really too bad this is not true.  CNN would have way better sources and less hysteria.  

Also I love the poking fun at /r/aviation.  It's funny because it is true. 




 lol its cool. 




 i meant the Lisa Akoya would cost 300k
 




 You should check out the Lisa Akoya.  I ran across it recently.  It uses hydrofoils instead of the more typical hull.  Evidently this helps a lot with gas.  They claim it gets 3 gph.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VwSCR0LoAyo

Fast forward to 7 minutes to see it actually flying and stuff.

Unfortunately the plane is supposed to cost around 300K. Which is just crazy expensive. 




 I don't think that is true. 30 years ago flying was significantly cheaper than what it is now and not everyone was becoming pilots.  A cheaper airplane would be good for everyone. 




 can you explain that one too.  Again I have no idea what that was. 




 Sorry i never seem to get sarcasm on here. 




 Thanks i just switched it back. 




 ohh sorry my mistake, but same idea. 




 Well fire would because it is hot obviously.

http://s3.supplyhouse.com/images/products/zoom/815628602-1.jpg

You can see the clear little bulb at the end of the red stick, that is the glass plug i am talking about. 




 This is silly you don't need to take pilots out of the cockpit and completely automate the plane, you just need to fix your procedure.  make it so the pilot is not alone in the cockpit.  Thats what they do in the US.  When one pilot goes to the bathroom a flight attendant goes into the cockpit.

This is just people not thinking.  its like saying we need to design cars without tires because we got a flat one time.  Maybe it is more practical just to take along a spare.  You don't need to completely reinvent the wheel.  Not to mention I would be way more concerned about my plane being completely flown by a computer rather than two very capable pilots.   




 I would disagree, he likely created a lot of water damage, and especially if the administration saw the video, it is pretty apparent that he is being an idiot.  It doesn't matter who you are, if your neglagence creates a few thousand dollars in damage your job is likely in question, not to mention that the fire department was called, thats probably even more money. 




 Yes thank you, interesting fact, what actually activates the sprinkler is a small glass ~~wax~~ plug covering the opening that is designed to melt at a specific temperature.

Edit: http://s3.supplyhouse.com/images/products/zoom/815628602-1.jpg

You can see the glass ~~wax~~ plug at the end of the red stick on the sprinkler head.

Edit2: ~~Wax not glass, thanks /u/bostonfire15~~

Edit3: /u/sfall showed proof that /u/bostonfire15 was incorrect.  Thanks /u/sfall. 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/310a3t/say_hello_to_no_fucks_francis/

Your Wish has been granted. 




 It's so cool how jagged the rocks are they are so un eroded. 



















 I just love how people took back the subreddit that is so awesome. 




 How did they manage to pull this off? all the posts are from the opposite subreddit. 




 In other news /r/AdviceAnimals has transformed into /r/funny ohh the irony. 




 Man that seems like so much fun I wish we could have something like that again. 




 Can anyone explain orangered vs periwinkle. I joined like a month after that.  




 Sorry to hear about that. Didn't know bout the dips. I have never driven through the prairie of Canada before.  




 What in the movie made you question the religion?  Was there anything that stuck out? 




 That is true.  Still i feel like 90-100 MPH is not unreasonable.  God just look how strait it is. 




 wow cool 




 When do they get sealed?  They always motor out of port. 




 yea if you pull out your sectional you will notice that a ton of the runways in an area will all point the same way. 




 Yea I was going to suggest you get some meds to relax you during the flight.  My aunt has big anxiety issues on flights she pops a pill before the flight and it calm her down and the flight is alright for her.  You need to watch out though sometimes the pills can make you a little nutty, like if you have had to many mussel relaxants. 

Evidently one time my aunt ate her neighbors sandwich and was saying crazy stuff but hey it makes it so you can go to your friends weddings and stuff so its a trade off. 




 Are there any rules about using the engine? 




 I feel like you should be allowed to go whatever speed you want through there. 




 What are they going to do until they get to port?  it looks like the bottom of the mast is good, if they can get some of the supporting cables hooked up again to the starboard side of the mast. 




 Sorry :) 




 yea I get it now I didn't get it before. 




 Sorry I suck at titles. (not sorry) 




 I thought about this, does best picture count? 




 ok i get it now i didn't pick up on him being tied up so he couldn't mess with the airplane.  and no i was not joking.

I was just like why is the copilot tied up? 




 Tell us more, what did he do? 




 Why is the Copilot tied up then?  That is what I don't get.  What statement is it making? 



















 Can someone explain the comic.  I don't get it.  I understand its related to the german wings crash, but i don't get what it is trying to say. 




 Yea I chose to ignore the title. 




 I can understand that, but i still feel like the overarching plot could allow for more character development. 




 They are just kind of nutty, and i wasn't just talking about quiverfulls the religious crap in general is getting ridiculous. 




 Fair point. 




 God what is wrong with our country? 




 I think Mods need to start deleting stuff that is labeled NFSW but not NFSW it is just starting to get ridiculous, and ruin the point of the tag. 




 Why is this NFSW? 




 The problem with the Palin choice is it reflected bad on McCain's decision making, and also made it seem like he was not in control of his campaign.  The decision just didn't seem to make any sense.  It only got worse when it started to show that she had no idea what she was doing.

I would compare the Palin decision to Clint Eastwood talking to the chair and the RNC.  It was so much of a distraction that nobody remembers what the candidate said.  




 I am not quite understanding your logic.  Who would win? 




 Because with the two party system we have, you are actually making it more likely the guy you like the least will win. 




 Just wondering, what is everybody's thing against Hillary?  I am just wondering what are some specific things people don't like about her. 




 I agree you should see her bit on the Daily Show about public schools.  It is so true.  




 The difference is Dianne Feinstein is not running for president, Ted Cruze is. 




 He compared climate scientists to flat earth's while comparing himself to Galileo.  The crazy fact is it is not only completely ironic, but he got his history completely wrong.

http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-fix/wp/2015/03/25/ted-cruz-compares-climate-change-activists-to-flat-earthers-where-to-begin/ 




 Yea I hate it when they do that.  This show isn't as bad but they do turn up the drama sometimes which is kind of annoying.   




 Yea I understand why they had to do it.  I still wish once they knew there was going to be more seasons they would have developed a bigger multi season plot. 




 A little Dramatic in parts, but compared to TV shows in the US it is pretty mello on the danger stuff.  I liked it and liked how they let the pilots do most of the talking. 









 I just kept thinking they cant come up with another rime to mess up.  

reminded me of this.

https://screen.yahoo.com/b108-fm-busty-rhymes-000000543.html 




 Yea I felt like that is my biggest disappointment with Korra there is no overarching plot from season to season.  In ATLA every season was working towards the eventual confrontation with Ozai.  Because of that you got to see a lot more character progression, on the part of the good guys, but more importantly, on the part of the bad guys.  Ozai starts off as this shadow and you never even see his face.  By the 3rd season he is completely menacing, and there has been a ton of back story on his relationships to other characters. There were still minor villans and seasonal plot points, like Zaho attacking the north, and Azula taking over the Earth kingdom, but they were made that much deeper because they had significance towards the final plot of beating Ozai.

In Korra on the other hand each season has to completely introduce you to a new set of villans and a new plot objective each season, which really takes away from the sieres as a whole, because each season is pretty insignificant to the next.

I would have liked to see some sort of overarching plot like ATLA. 

PS: I think one of the best opportunities they had with Korra was with her loosing all her bending but her airbending.  I feel like they could have made the whole next season about her developing her Airbending skills to mastery and eventually getting back her other bending skills.  I felt disappointed that she basically lost her skills, and then got them right back, it was a huge missed opportunity for a great plot, and a really interesting opportunity to develop her character more.  ohh well. 




 American companies are notorious for penny pinching and treating employees like machines and resources rather than real people.  Would you give the delivery truck vacation time? Would you give the computer vacation time?  Why should we give the employees vacation time?  Unless there is some sort of financial incentive that is easy to calculate on an excel doc the company does not care.

This is what is bad about penny pinching and trying to make the bottom line.  You end up making the employees your enemy.  In a company that has the employees back, the employees will defend the company , and put in the extra effort.  At companies that focus on the bottom line and treat their employees like crap, you will have a whole army of employees that bad mouth the company when they are off work, and will never put the extra effort in to help out. 

It also tends to piss everyone off that the employees will take a pay-cut, and then the CEOs get raises for increasing profits.  It is just ridiculous. 




 I didn't think about that.  It could go either way, the hydrofoils might perform better in chop. 



















 I wonder if this article takes into account that it is a lot easier to find planets that are very close to their stars rather than far away ones.  This would certainly account for their being so many planets close to their stars we just don't have the ability yet to see the others. 




 Can you link to the discussion? 




 yes please I am learning so much about different fuels just from this thread, I didn't realize hypergolic fuels were inefficient. 




 Couldn't they stick an engine bell on the super Draco to increase efficiency?  I thought it was so inefficient, because the way it is designed now it has no engine bell so it can fit right in on the side of the dragon.

Are there other reasons for the Draco being inefficient? 




 Wow that was close I almost got put in repost jail.  Thank goodness because I don't have enough money to repost bail. 

PS: I found the video on my own and posted it, I don't consider that a repost.  I am not going to waist my time looking through the whole history of /r/flying on the off chance someone posted the same video 2 years ago.
 




 What game is this referring to? 




 OP What has brought you to these dire straits?!?!?!
 




 The thing on the tv is a really bad scene from the absolutely horrible  movie who's name [must not be written](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Last_Airbender).  

It is so bad that I almost wish they would make a remake just so we could permanently delete this movie.  And I didn't like the idea of a movie adaptation to begin with.  That is how bad this movie is I almost wish they would make one that is less bad just to get rid of this one... almost.  

Honestly idk why they had to make a live action version, I think it wold have been so much better to make an animated movie that continued the plot.  I really hope they don't make a live action Korra.  Just stay animated, that way you can keep the same voices and everything.  That or make a live action about a completely different story line, maybe about earlier Avatars or something.  When you try to make a live action about a story line that is already animated, you have a 95% chance of disappointing everyone.  It's like movie adaptations of books, except much much worse. 




 I think you have to watch how much you skip in series like this.  A lot of times you don't realize it but there was character development going on that you didn't even realize was happening.  even insignificant episodes can help you get attached to a character.  

(TLDR):Skipping episodes only makes the series worse for yourself because you miss small things that end up adding to the overall plot.

Edit: There are some times in some series when skipping episodes is necessary because the episode significantly hurts the series.  Avatar is not one of them. 




 Quite possibly runways are very long. 




 I forgot about ice buildup, that would be a big reason not to have it. 




