 Hey fuck you, buddy. Who died and made you Conductor of Assumption Junction, eh? Society dictates what's "normal" or not. I mean, sure, there's the whole thing about normality being established by statistical representation of sex and gender identity, but the implication is you're calling non cis NOT normal, and that's mean. Also accurate. BUT MEAN. 




 I really wish there was a large group of black people watching this go down. I'd pay handsomely for that commentary. 




 So... WERE YOU THERE FOR HER? 




 Was waiting to read this. Former court reporter here. Cameras are shown to have a significant impact on the judge's sentencing. Doubly so considering judges are elected in America, leaving them prone to handing down harsher sentences to please the public. 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dead_cat_bounce 




 A school is using perfectly legal means to reduce interest payments! Burn it! 




 Am I the only one that would like to see confirmation that this is OP's mom? 




 FUCK. THAT. NOISE. 

My balls just retreated quicker than an arctic glacier on rollerskates. 




 I'd have to be certain I had something worth saying. Otherwise you're just asking to be haunted by the disapproving gaze of the president of the united states the rest of your life. "Yeah, I met the President," you'll tell your grandkids, trying your best to forget the way his eyes belied precisely how disappointed he was that you were even in the room. 




 The fuck is everyone angry at then?  




 Yeah. Only a fucking moron or a genius would speak up during something like that. I'm the loudest cunt in the room 90% of the time but you couldn't get me to give my thoughts in a situation like that in a million years.

EDIT:[ Thank you.](http://i.imgur.com/86etTSn.gif) 




 Wait. Really? Did a gay couple ask them to cater, or did they just say they wouldn't cater gay weddings? Maybe I run with a different crowd, but a pizza place announcing they're not going to cater a gay wedding is a bit like me announcing I'd rather not make out with the hottest girl in school. 




 That's precisely what I meant by "solution". Apologies that it came off differently, I agree 100%. My point was that the public doesn't understand that the "solution" to addiction is in mitigation, not eradication, and that our current way of dealing with the problem only ends up costing everyone more money and ruining more lives.  




 Very much so. The most interesting aspect of drug treatment court for me was that it's more like a therapy session. I'm of the opinion that if you enjoy using drugs, you should be free to do so until your drug use infringes on the rights of others. That's when your addiction becomes a problem for the state and community to address (although that's not to say it shouldn't be addressed sooner). I'm a big advocate for the "it takes a village" approach. 




 Cassie???? 




 I appreciate it, but I'm only a conduit doing its job. Covering such stories is to my benefit. It just so happens that what benefits me also benefits the public. It's impassioned people such as yourself that really need to be thanked. Without people like you I wouldn't have a story to write. 




 Funny you mention it. I'm looking at Ross Perot's cigarette boat "Blue Thunder" as I write this. 




 It's actually astounding how much push back there is to the idea that sticking a badger in a cage is the best way to make it nice. Alongside the public perception of addiction, I think Americas biggest difficulty will be taking capitalism out of the prison system without plangent screams of "socialism" from the right. We've already seen how hard it is to take capitalism out of health care.

EDIT: clarity 




 Weird. The religious people I know are some of the most positive, genuine, and selfless people I know. I'm as athiest as they come, but still... 




 I've reported on the rehabilitation of non-violent drug offenders for a while now. Was given unprecedented access into a drug treatment court, which is not open to the public or press. Wrote a solid 15+ articles on the subject for my country's national daily paper. Was interviewed by a PhD student studying the same thing for their dissertation. Was thanked profusely by the lawyers involved in the process (who are some of the most genuine lawyers I've ever met). Basically, everyone who knew anything about the subject was super stoked that it was getting coverage, and a lot of it.

Every article I wrote received little to no attention. The comments came in on the web version were derisory, often along the lines of: "Yeah, I'd fake being 'rehabilitated' as well if it meant getting out of jail."

I can't speak for other nations, but to me the problem is clearly with the public's perception of drug addiction. There is still the prevailing mentality that people do this to themselves, and they get what they deserve. Up until those articles I was as gung-ho about drug reform as you could get. After seeing how much the public actually cares, I've lost every last bit of optimism. My only hope is that enough countries begin taking such approaches, so countries like mine can see just how powerful this kind of rehabilitation can be.

EDIT: THANK YOU FOR THE [GOOOOOOOOOOOOOLD](http://i.imgur.com/86etTSn.gif) 




 Betty probably said the same thing about her dog. 




 I've seen it matter firsthand working in a single industry for more than 10 years. You're not even out of high school.

There are times when diversity can be of value, and times where it's not needed. Saying point blank it doesn't matter just shows a total lack of understanding when it comes to workplace dynamics. 




  ...placing diversity over skill is clearly counter-productive to the bottom line.

How you managed to interpret the exact opposite of what I said is a miracle.

My point was only that diversity can be a positive thing when it's not prioritized above skill. 




 Why not? Having a gender diverse workplace is shown to have a number of advantages. If you have two equally skilled male and female candidates in a workplace that is largely comprised of men, there are plenty of reasons for why the female candidate would be a better option.  




 Not to be contrarian, but [workplace diversity does have its advantages.](http://newsoffice.mit.edu/2014/workplace-diversity-can-help-bottom-line-1007)

Obviously, placing diversity over skill is clearly counter-productive to the bottom line. 




 Probably risks having the whole cave collapse... 




 "Skeets Miller" is possibly the best journalist name ever. 




 Glad to see this sub going back to its roots. That "bathrooms should be pull to enter, push to exit" nonsense rustled my jimmies a bit too much. 




 I guess people don't care when it's TIME magazine. Unabomber, Gaddafi, Bin Laden.... 




 Rolling Stone is hardly the first magazine to put a terrorist on the cover. 




 A total pisshead is who.  




 Solid plan. Let's run with it. 




 I didn't realize /r/showerthoughts had become /r/commonsense  




 Spot on. No idea why I keep clicking on the comments section. This is the ONLY time it's ever paid off. 




 We need more women like you commenting in this sub. Dear lord that would be so refreshing. Like a paper daisy on a cum-stained corkboard. 




 One of the few times I'm glad I got the titties 




 It was piss my pants or dash for the bathroom. I chose wrong. And yeah, they sell beer inside the stadium but you cant bring it with you to your seat. Hence the chugging. 




 Nah, Essien's famous screamer against Arsenal in 07/08.  




 He was far and away my favourite player, which made it all that much worse. But yeah, he was crucial for us for so many years. Won't ever forget the Ess Express and his love for naps. 




 I know. It'd be like having an Army badge as well as a Green Beret badge.  




 Whenever I watch a game with the English side of my family and we go down a goal, they all tell me to go take a piss so we can score. Its worked a solid number of times actually.  




 SO fetch 




 I'm just being pedantic and I love WWII history. The creator clearly just threw on as many Nazi logos as possible.  




 It would be a bit difficult to be a part of the Schutzstaffel, SS-Totenkopfverbnde, AND the luftwaffe...  




 Oh man. Almost feel sorry for him. It takes one hell of a falsely inflated ego to flip out over something like this. Even if you WERE lying, I've had plenty of dates "reschedule" on me then never follow back up. I'd rather sit at home a watch a movie than go on an awkward date where one of you doesn't want to be there. 




 $10 says "Easter dinner" comes in scare quotes 




 Not a hope in hell that is Courtois' fault. Jog on. 




 LOL a bedpan? With that kind of money I could just pay someone to piss in their mouth. 




 You try holding it in after chugging as many beers as possible before the whistle.  




 What kind of ham did you use? And it better have been whole wheat bread. Hovis, preferably.  




 You know nothing. 

My first Chelsea game I went to take a piss. Walked up the stairs back to my seat and the crowd goes nuts.

[This was the goal I missed.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kl1L67rzuEk) 




 Called the whole family into the TV room for this one. Jesus Fuck.  




 I didn't know "heads up" was shitting on someone 




 Ugh. Yeah, that's the ticket. 




 Oh man. I saw these chicks in London and this song had me DYING. I want to marry them both. So glad they're making it big time. Only person to make me laugh that hard at a show was John Stuart doing stand up.

(If anybody has a clip of his closing act, where he talks about trying to fuck his wife while his dog is puking outside his bedroom door, that would be great) 




 Live in one of the world's largest green turtle sanctuaries. Our country has protected them since the early 1800s. Not sure where you are, but where I'm from this picture would get you in shitloads of trouble. Highly illegal to even catch them. Just a heads up. 




 I think it's pretty fucking stupid that Jesus needed to roll a giant rock out of the way to escape the tomb when he has teleportation powers, but you bet your ass I'll be chompin down on some candy bunnies this weekend.  




 HA! Thanks for pointing that out. 




 I posted this same TIL to Archer a while back. Most people on the thread pointed out Hiroo probably wasn't the guy as there were lots of "hold outs." 




 Not really, no. So just putting it out there. Bring me a puppy, you've got yourself a free stay at Chateau du Weiner!  




 I mean... it doesn't HAVE to be an aussie. How hard would it be to get a puppy to Bermuda? I am so down for this trade 




 Ummmmmm that can definitely be arranged 




 [Bill Cosby's thoughts on the subject](http://media-cache-ec0.pinimg.com/736x/84/83/f9/8483f904e67132d9251c6c720422bdf1.jpg) 




 It is. Fun fact about the house: Adam Driver married my cousin 2 summers ago on the front lawn. 




 The racism in this thread disgusts me. Clearly this woman is hedgehogkin. 




 If puppies result you've got yourself a free week at [my rental cottage](https://www.flipkey.com/sandys-cottage-rentals/p522705/) in Bermuda in exchange for one. 




 Ugh.... I've wanted an Aussie for so fucking long. Directions to Jelly school, plz 




 [A humble token](http://i.imgur.com/PvNJZgI.jpg) of my broke ass's appreciation for that comment 




 Wait. Who is Alex? 




 Why even bother? Or are you that much of tool to think you can get laid because a girl posted a picture of herself? 




 Far crazier things have happened... 




 I have no idea what's going on, but clearly you've ruined it. Thanks. 




 Wait... did they recently release an album that sold like 4 copies in Australia? 




 That's because you can't get in trouble for saying two grown ups had sex. Try saying a major celebrity fucked a 14 year old and see how that goes down with their lawyers 




 That's my cousin. 




 This is PRECISELY how I feel after missing an easy birdie. 




 The ONE link I click on thinking it might be real. Fuck you OP. I had the biggest freedom chub and you ruined it. Thanks. 




 wasn't just for you. I've had a few messages and there are other similarly themed comments to yours 




 Yeah... I get that my comment came across that way. But there are a lot of circumstances to my personal relationship and how it ended that has resulted in me being a lot more judicious with who invest myself emotionally in. No sense going into them, this isn't /r/relationships, but for clarity's sake it's not my trust in women that has gone specifically, it's the realization that the person I choose to give myself to wholeheartedly can at any given moment turn around and leave me with my dick in the wind. I doubt that person would ever be a man, so it's not a leap to say that relationship has left me wary of any woman I should want to spend my life with. 




 Mixed, but close enough. 




 Go ahead and check my post history. I'm all for remaining with England because of the advantages it offers us. Carry on. 




 Spoken like a true member of the Empire.

Since you clearly can't pick up on colloquialisms like "readins", I guess I have to explain.

Bermuda was settled by people on their way to settle in America. Therefor anti-British sentiment was strong circa 1775, since many of the people fighting in the Revolutionary War (sorry, "The War Of Independence" in your parlance) had close ties to Bermuda. Famous figures like John Rolfe, for example, had been wrecked in Bermuda (he even named his child with Pocahontas "Bermuda Rolfe.")

Seeing as those who settled in Bermuda did so for the same reasons the colonists settled in Virginia, it's only natural that they would side with their American brothers and sisters in their fight to gain independence.

Subsequently, we have attached our own dollar to the American dollar, become the darling of your biggest corporations, and underwritten the majority of your insurance. We are the oldest self governing colony in the British Empire, and have made shaky steps towards independence on a number of occasions, each push ultimately failing because no longer being a part of Britain would deprive us of valuable education and work opportunities both in the UK and the wider EU.

But what do I know, I'm just a Bermudian journalist with more than a decade worth of experience and research into Bermudian history to draw from.  




 It was more savage than that. Literally stopped responding to me when I lost my job.  




 Fuck. It's not a joke when this has actually happened to you. Completely erased my trust in women

EDIT: the women I have intimate relationships with. Obviously not all women. You don't get hit by a car then not pay more attention the next time you cross the road.  




 Found the professional comedian everyone 




 My sisters are good friends with him. Went to school together. He's hilariously self deprecating. 




 Either the mods are morons or this is a really bad April Fools joke... 




 Totalling a car? Check.

Driving fast and annoying neighbours? Check.

Eggings houses? Check.

Being late because video games? Check.

Pissing in inappropriate place? Check.

Distain for authority? Check.

I did every single last one of those things as a kid. You've only made me feel sorry that Justin Beiber has to live his life under such scrutiny that regular teenage hoodrat shit qualifies him for being vehemently hated. 




 I'd still hit it 




 What makes him so twattish? I know nothing about the kid except he has a face I want to punch. 




 Found the Belieber  




 Actually I had no idea. Thanks! Growing up on an island, we don't get much readins done, but when we does its awlays good to learn something new. /s 




 /u/trollabot EvilBrent  




  a nation of naked knee school lads on a scouting trip

I ain't even mad. That's the best goddamn description I've ever heard.

And if you want showy, try lying on that pink sand and being able to stick a little flag in it every time your $12 daiquiri needs a refill. 




 Honorary patriot* 

/r/Bermuda reporting for duty. 

When it comes to helping Murica fight off red-coat scum, let alone the wand waving kind, we've [got your back.](http://www.revolutionary-war-and-beyond.com/the-bermuda-gunpowder-plot.html) 




 I agree, although I found her more annoyingly stubborn and pompous. The way she walked over the house elves really irked me.  




 What makes you think Hermione would want a domestic life?  




 I feel compelled to say sir, yes sir right now. 




 Actually, my last name is double barrelled. "Spicy-Weiner" just sounds too weird. 




 Ah. TIL. Good for them. Must've been fun. We in Bermuda had a Cat 4 hit us dead on last summer. One of the coolest things to experience, so long as nobody gets hurt. 




 IIRC that picture was photoshopped or taken at a totally different time to the hurricane. Did they actually, or was that just more Facebook bullshit? 




 Well Muslims born and raised in the west usually ARE like every other muslim. Regular people.

The media is responsible for a lot of things, not least of which is the total confusion over what is going on within Islam right now. You're right in that it's helped spread xenophobia and racism and prejudice. I totally agree. You're right in that plenty of other religious groups have practiced the exact same things from time immemorial.

But Islam is in the middle of a massive ideological battle right now that is spilling over, costing hundreds of thousands of lives. Should talking heads be wondering on national television if the guy was a muslim? Of course not, if there's nothing to suggest that. Of COURSE that is wrong.

Is it prejudiced to wonder if a muslim who has carried out a violent attack was doing so in the name of Islam? No, because prejudice is by definition a pre-conceived notion not based on actual experience. If 20 people have been bitten by sharks off of one beach all summer, and a body washes up with chunks taken out of it, you're going to assume a shark did it.

EDIT: #notallsharks 




 1 + X = 2. Assuming X = 1 is not exactly rash.

It's not prejudicial to assume that if a Muslim commits an act of mass murder, especially in the West, it's usually in the name of ideology. And when it comes to killing people with planes, it's not like there isn't a history. It's irresponsible to use a label such as terrorist without knowing the motive, absolutely, but questioning whether an act of violence was ideologically motivated these days is only natural. 

Just to be clear, I lived for three years with kids from Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and Iran. Some of the best friends I ever had. I'm not trying to shit on Muslims. Hell, the most devout Muslims I met were the most morally upstanding people I have ever come across.
 




 I'm one of those people. Worked in journalism from 16 onwards. Went to college. Realized in my first month that it would be way more beneficial to stay in the industry for three years instead of spending money on getting a 3-yr degree. Going to get my masters next year, and the newspaper I work for is paying for it! 




 I think you misread my comment. I wasn't saying that. And it's not just a dick on a motorcycle that thinks this. There are plenty of economic studies that advocate for flexible speed limits, especially on rural roads where noise pollution is not a factor. [Like here, for example.](http://docreader.readspeaker.com/docreader/index.php?jsmode=1 cid=bqcrm lang=en_au url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bitre.gov.au%2Fpublications%2F2003%2Ffiles%2Fwp_059.pdf v=Google%20Inc.)

 




