 Probably a Tucker Blair belt, but i cant find that specific model though. 




 Yea throw em his way! Hope this one works better. Many many community respects. 




 Dunno about those whiskers. 




 beautiful, should be front page any minute! 




 Maybe new in box, the name zelda sells units.the more units sold means the less valuable it will be in the long run. 




 25 seems reasonable. 10 for the console,5 for the joystick,10 for the games.unless there's some crazy valuable game in the stack, because zelda is a 50 cent game 




 If you go up to NH at all you could check out myriad games and double midnight comics.both great gaming spots about 45 mins north of boston 




 no hackers on the stand alone. 




 I dunno about raws. "Here's a pair of really expensive denim." "Wtf they are stiff, uncomfortable, and I want to wash them." "Naw man it's cool just wear them for the next three months...trust me".

I mean I love me some raw denim,I just don't think they are great for someone who doesn't care.  Personally I'd say a pair off dark washed denim,jcrew or something of the sort. 




 Nintendo needs to give up the virtual skoal. 




 Yea they opened a store in boston recently too, dropped in today and the sale was pretty great.seemed it was 50-75% off everything except a small section of next seasons line.

Pretty sure it's gonna be my new between season go to spot! 




 Yea my thoughts exactly, I wouldn't hold my breath. but it would be a great surprise. 









 sports cap and normal attire.  if its really cold i'll wear a sports beanie and normal attire. 




 faux fur isn't "pretty much the same thing" as coyote fur. 




 is that good at factory.jcrew as well? probably your best bet. :D Super cute though! 




 Solid chinos, and they sometimes drop around that price between seasons.

 




 [gap GQ collaboration](http://www.gap.com/products/gap-gq.jsp)  has alot of solid pieces, really depends what your looking for.  Some of those Baldwin denim pieces look really nice though. 




 If you have a couple extra bucks, these would be a solid pick-up for sure.
[selvedge denim](http://www.ae.com/web/browse/product.jsp?productId=0118_2957)
Edit: didn't notice the lack of sizes.... could be good if your real skinny. 




 Def the tassels 




 Girl got me a Jcrew [rucksack](http://i.imgur.com/zgmS5iV.jpg)  and bro got me a load of Jcrew vnecks.
pretty happy with it :D 




 Looking for something decent, and as cheap as possible. New England funeral, so it'll be cold.leaning towards functionality over looks, but I'd rather get both. No time for my tailor and I suppose no time to be picky. Thanks in advance. 




 So you don't have to pay 60 for the full release.potentially. 




 From what I saw at the pax east panel the interface was a lot more user friendly and intuitive. 




 So the parents who are just trying to be holiday hero's all deserve to be scammed? 




 arma 3 




  if you wind up parting it out send me a message. interested in gpu and psu 




  the boots are completely different, beyond color. 




  the hurricane 




 originoo gunn clappaz, tradgedy khadafi,  unless I missed anything 




 I would actually recommend watching a bit of a few "let's play's" not enough to see the whole game, but to see what and how experienced players grapple with the beginning quandaries that leave newcomers stuck. essentially get a feel for the game. 




 if you are in the new england area, bullmoose records as well.
http://www.bullmoose.com/p/15400409/ps4ac-psn-12-month-subscription-card 




 and or just take a pair of jeans you like, and do all the measurements and compare them to measurement guides of jeans you are looking at.  If you cant find a fit guide, dont shy away from sending emails to customer support. Nothings worse than having 150$+ jeans that you dont like. 




 Sized down n f skinny guys work well for me, im 6'/145 lbs. just size down once or twice. 




 rick ross 




 A PENTIUM.  yah sure 




 2 write 




  omega virus 




  tried it once, looked like a  flat-top. I guess I could use like a whole can of pomade  every day, but ain't no-one got time for that.
edit: my hair it's brillo pad curly 




 " THE HAIRCUT ALL MEN SHOULD GET"  except for the curly haired freaks :( 




  maybe check on frugal male fashion advice as well. 




  headache setup. 




  not the cable torn, the whole hdmi port got torn out of the ps.. 




  God damn, that's horrible. 




  too casual for anything classy. but I guess it depends. 




 Valkyria Chronicles of your into that sort of thing, and the infamous  games are good. 




 you forgot about a horn 




  like a horn? 




  it has as much DRM as any other console, it's the only one that's region locked, and the cost is not that low. 




  Yea I honestly thought I needed to upgrade to a ps4 ps+ or something. way too big, way too much, way too everywhere. 




  dang. update went super smooth for me. after that I anticipated just logging right in. but nope.
 




  happening to me when wired to Ethernet connection. when I try wireless it's "please wait..." 




 FF XII 




  height is a little too big, width is way too big. you also look young, so cheap glasses are more than fine. it would suck to buy $100+ glasses only to outgrow then in a year. 




 vamp ass hoes 




  top right 3/4 view actually looks pretty good. top pair are better. but concur way to large 




  no offence, honestly interested in why you would get a v-neck  t shirt tailored. why not just get a better fitting t. unless you have a really really strange build.I mean even great quality t shirts have a finite number of wears before they are no good anymore. unless you just have a real solid income. 




  np hope it works out.I swear finding good fitting shirts off the rack is like an at form. 




  if you have a Brooks brothers near you try and check them out.  especially if your near an outlet store they have great deals.  I'm 6 even and 160lbs,jcrew slims fit me great, but Brooks tend to be a little too big for me. they'd probably for your build better.  you could also check out jcrew chambrays, more of a classic/ loose cut than their ocbd's 




 morte ruled 




 dayz? 




 I wonder if current ps+ users that keep their reoccurring payment going well be grandfathered into the old price. 




 Neeks fits from 06-07 era hypebeast.  First person I remember bringing street wear from crazy ass all-over prints and evisu jeans to minimal slim cut raw denim, and chukkas. 




 krs-one, I got next. tragedy, saga of a hoodlum. cnn the war report. are pretty much what got me in. 




 nujubes 




 co-sign jc2 




 nore 




 I'm don't generally like supras, but those aren't bad.  Really minimal as far as supras usually go. 




 I dress nicer than the average factory fare.  Granted my specific job is less grungy than most other factory jobs.
workwear look m-f.  Every season shift I tend to bring in nicer/old weekend pieces into my usual week wear. 




  still lookin for crunchy black. 




 garbo. 




 haha must be pretty nice, but ya i'd give them a shot figure its worth a try if it isnt too out of your way.  I also know theres a uniqlo in SF if you felt like going on a long ride for some shorts haha.
gluck 




