 that puddle is actually a portal to another dimension 




 for being able to save for gold. I gave you some well done OP 




 your name made me laugh... 




 what this person said. (I'm a fireman) also mostly we change them when approaching intersections, people get used to hearing the sirens so we change them to warn people when we are about to drive through intersections. 




 I'm always that guy 




 no this subreddit is /r/dadjokes 




 so today my bank account was hacked... I lost everything but the money in my home loan. I get the money back but it takes up to 45 days for the bank to do all the paperwork. so that leads me to my question. has anything like this happened to you? how did it all go?

Edit: had to edit it because I wrote this in the text box instead of the comments box 




 wait... he pooped on your front step? did you poop on his? 




 wow that's pretty crazy, glad it all worked out for you in the end  









 not going to lie it took me a couple of goes to find the mistake 




 someone that obviously needs the money to buy better robbing gear 




 we don't have time for leap years. pretty much every animal wants to kill us 




 Like the title says. But if you look at it that way pokemon is a pretty dark and twisted game. You also fight young children's pets and take all their money. 




 just started playing and i love the dialog! excellent game so far 




 https://ssl.redditgifts.com/marketplace/product/nicolas-cage-christmas-card---merry-nic/
https://ssl.redditgifts.com/marketplace/product/happy-holidays-bitch-breaking-bad-jesse/
https://ssl.redditgifts.com/marketplace/product/funny-love-you-card---mac-and-cheese/
I would give the Nicholas cage one to my brother as he loves him (actual man to man love) the breaking bad one to my sister, she loves the show and also is a bitch... and finally the mac and cheese one to my SO, she makes amazing mac and cheese 




 pretty sure if your being buried alive they wont let you take your shirt off to cover your face, most probably have hands tied 




 damn now every time I blink I see a dickbutt... 




 if one twin is born on February 28 and the other February 29 one twin could turn 100 while the other only turns 25... 




 you need to charge you phone 




 So like the title says. I wonder what some bad things some peoples pets have seen (Might end up NSFW) 









 Maybe a similar one. But no he is mine and legit picked him up today 




 Holy crap, yeah that's pretty crazy in itself 




 This is Zeus, he's my 14 week old Siberian husky. Today is the day I finally got to pic him up. So I thought I would show him to the world. Enjoy :) 









 Ok so everyone knows. I know you have to spread the branches out. My SO called out to me, saying that it looks nothing like the picture.(she didn't know) Should have said that before but have been busy trying to fix it after her Christmas tree failure. Sorry reddit 









 Flintstones chewable morphine? 




