 Yeah, in Poland.  Not on any U.S.carrier. 




 dipyourcar.com

Learn.  Tons of video how-tos 




 Ah...Never been to either 




 Um...huh? 




 You are correct 




 I'm sure you actually meant to say M. Bison when referring to Mr. Julia. 




 Semi-gay kind of life; baby! baby!

Showing my age here lol 




 What the hell we talking about, Riggs? 




 St. Mary's County, Maryland, USA aka "Southern Maryland".  Though I'm not "from" here.  I'm "from" the San Francisco Bay Area originally. 




 I don't like being in a position where I'm not fully in control of my faculties.  I've never smoked, I've never done any kind of illegal controlled substance, and I rarely drink.  I "drank" in college but that meant one beer, say.  I'm 34.

And it doesn't help that my girlfriend (30) just recently discovered she likes to party (drink, hang out at bar, stay out all night w/out me, and I do mean all night - talking 0600 return) and it's really stressing our relationship a lot.   




 I like it.  Never actually seen that one before, where does it get used a lot? 




 Thanks.  Things are challenging right now.  This helps. 




 I did the same last weekend, but ended up resurrecting Twitter and Google+.  G+ for photo backup and Twitter as I use it for many blog logins (to comment). 




 On 3.0 as of yesterday with 11C modem.  Working fine, don't notice much difference, truth be told.  A bit smoother scrolling, that's about it. 




 Not especially.  Usually it's because I called someone out on something and they didn't appreciate it, LOL. 




 This guy. 




 http://youtubetime.com/

Or you know, you could just say when in the vid it happens... 




 Em...?  Captain Jack (Harkness, not Sparrow), herlerrr?  Granted, he was a 51st century pansexual, but he waaaaay preceded the Red Viper... 




 My OPSEC comment was in relation to some other posts you've made about your duties and qualifications.  Not this post. 




 Ya know, I don't think as an E3 you get to cop an attitude like this.  People make mistakes.  If you hadn't heard anything since September, you should've followed up.

Also, was looking through your posts and suggest this - OPSEC.  That is all. 




 Not to be trendy but I didn't vote either.  I moved last year and didn't reregister.  This is the first time since I could vote that I haven't.  Not a single race locally was affected by my not voting, for those who insist every vote matters. 




 I didn't see it mentioned but Innovate is no longer distributing these in the US - they're being distributed by a US subsidiary of the manufacturer now - Sprintex.

http://sprintexusa.com/ 




 Ok, OP, so you asked for advice on how to achieve in a career and you got a few folks bragging about their salaries.  Sorry about that.  I won't do the same.

I'm not in software but the general principles are the same.  Perform well at every level and go outside your required duties.  Take extra tasking on that would not typically be expected of you.  Let people know you're interested in new and different opportunities, even if they may seem outside your area of expertise.  Maintain networks of folks you've done work for - you never know when you might need or benefit from a reference.  Take training opportunities that come your way.  Make yourself invaluable.  Learn things that are new and exciting, or old and fading away.  Things that are out there in the world need to be maintained, just as much as the new things need to be created.  Strive to do better on every assignment then you did on the last.  If something's due on a particular date, get it done early.  Anyway, that's what I have for now. 




 The S-70 is the civilian variant of the Blackhawk.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sikorsky_S-70 




 My parents tried to raise me in their church but it never clicked for me.  I consider myself an atheist. 




 2015s wouldn't be worth it, even if they did fit, given the fact there probably are very few to no systems out there and they'll all be brand new.  At that cost the aftermarket is superior.  That's why older takeoffs and rebuilds are worth iit by comparison. 




 Very good, sir. 




 Looks sharp.  Hankook tires? 




 Cyber conversion much?  Brain and structure's all you really need... 




 Speaking as someone who's worked as a civilian engineer for the Navy these last 11 years, get a(nother) haircut, hippie.  :D  But seriously, it looks good. 




 I'm 34 and even I don't like parties like that.  It's the introvert in me. 




 OSMAnd

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.osmand hl=en 




 iloome Flex tempered glass screen protector 0.15mm thick and a Diztronic black TPU case.  Been using Diztronic for a few years now though this is my first glassy screen protector. 




 Try 37...1977.

http://9to5mac.com/2014/05/19/fancy-a-piece-of-apple-history-apples-original-rainbow-logo-signs-being-auctioned/ 




 Stuff like this is why I deleted my Facebook account last week.  People suck. 




 This idea is not specific to this phone (doing research before updating).  It's all over XDA that this patch would likely close known exploits.  That's the whole point of patches. 




 This was expected and IT'S WHY YOU DON'T PATCH WITHOUT READING ABOUT IT ONLINE FIRST ;) 




 They haven't managed to reverse Roe v. Wade... 




 Really, no one mentioned Game of Game of Thrones? 




 I had roommates for two years and then a private bedroom in a four room "suite"/apartment for the remainder.  It worked out fine.  I went to a small highly technically oriented school so we pretty much all had stuff in common. 




 Yes, these would look great on my desk amongst my Legos, Domo, Matchbox cars and motorcycles, and challenge coins. 




 Watched this ep for the first time just a few minutes ago.  Loved the boating.  Though not as many gut busters in this as the few eps immediately prior. 




 Was watching with my girlfriend aboard NAS Pax River...Saw a bright red flash that lasted about 10 seconds then nothing.  Caught up with the live stream on UStream.tv to find out what happened and saw about the explosion.  One of my coworkers watched from a boat out on the Bay and forwarded some pictures as well.  Pretty crazy; an unfortunate setback for commercial spaceflight. 




 What the heck is a "sort of kind of relationship"?  I don't understand this attempting to be with other people when you're in a relationship.  If you're not in it to win it then in my opinion you shouldn't be in it at all...If you feel the need to explore then get it if the relationship.  Sounds like it's not meeting your needs... 




 Tied an onion to our belts too, it was the style at the time you see. 




 Sloth love Chunk? 




 Garcon 




 I've got the Maxpiders as well.  Really wish Husky made the Xact Contours for our cars but they don't. 




 Yes, I understood.  My point was, it is good to share a video of people actually standing against someone, because it's far too rare an occurrence. 




 People actually cared enough to do something rather than turn away.  That in itself is noteworthy. 




 I find myself at DFW quite frequently and I'm sorry to say this is far from the first time I've seen stuff like this there.  Maybe alcohol doesn't belong in airports what with the potential for unruly behavior and all every time there's a delay or cancellation. 




 Well unfortunately we aren't evolved enough as a species to do away with the need for it just yet. 




 I'm think along the lines of Foxtrot Uniform. 




 There is a fix and it's called the Open Flash Tablet.  You're welcome. 




 You don't need xposed or greenify. Everything carrier and most LG stuff can be disabled without even needing root. 




 It is not a "manumatic".  It is a traditional torque converter automatic transmission.  Just because it has paddles doesn't make it a multiple clutch transmission.  It's no different than what's in your mom's Camry. 




 Um...why was ANY of that "funny?" 




 Well obviously in some cases that will work, because it has, but there's always a risk that in a particular update they change something that causes you to lose root or prevents the update from working.  Then again, those of us on Verizon have no experience with this process since we've never had an update yet.  And now that there's an unlock, I never will. 




 Currently you have to flash it back to stock.  Wiping everything in the process. 




 You ignore them. 




 You are indeed mistaken.  Unroot still requires LG Flash Tool.  It's not a Nexus. 




 Even if you are just rooted you should not install ANY update until its confirmed it doesn't cause any issues. 




 It has a .26" larger screen and it's just about the same distance taller and wider which makes perfect sense. 




 4.5 mm...0.18 inches...I don't think that qualifies as "a lot". 




 More importantly he was "Perfect" in "The Fifth Element".

http://i.imgur.com/AY19QFd.jpg 




 Same.  Can't deal with being lectured at.  I have a very adversarial relationship with sound. 




 I still get this infrequently, even after getting my SIM replaced. 




 Absolutely love The Underwoods. Never been in a relationship with an Ixxx.  Everyone has always been solidly ENxx, including my current girlfriend. 




 Ah ah ah, spoilers sweetie. 




 Oh and it's "Allons-Y", aka "Let's go!" 




 He uses the Socratic method on himself.  Alternatively, he's the Gollum Doctor.  I personally find it amusing as it makes him more alien - being able to more actively witness the wheels turning. 




 Here.  Read.  This is very well known.  And it isn't unique to his time as the Doctor.

http://www.google.com/search?q=peter+capaldi+wedding+ring 




 Stetsons are cool. 




 What?!  Next you're going to tell me that she was the Doctor's wife. 




 I'm so sorry.

http://imgur.com/VgXCk 




 I saw that too at one Maryland dealer.  Maybe they wait to install during PDI so they don't get scraped up on potential test drives? 




 Indeed!  Folks, for the record, if you want stock updates, then unlocking and maybe even rooting are not for you. 




 13 years can add a lot of perspective.  And I was feeling pent up.  The shitty thing about coming out is that it's something you do for your whole life, again and again. 




 A non gender specific pronoun would be something like "they"...not partner.  But I get your point.  My point is simply, don't expect to get away with that for long as people notice it taking an effort to maintain.  Intelligent people, anyway. 




 Because I used them to refer to someone I was seeing once upon a time and a particular friend/classmate caught on in minutes and basically outed me.  I was ready though so all in all it was a good thing  




 Uh...it was hardly a backdoor pilot.  A backdoor pilot is when you have the folks on NCIS travel down to New Orleans and then the week after NCIS: New Orleans starts.  Or when the guys on JAG go talk to NCIS and the hour after JAG is when NCIS has its first episode.  Or when the Originals of TVD travel down to New Orleans to get into fisticuffs and then next week "The Originals" starts...It's when a show uses another show's setting and varies the circumstances slightly to spin off another show. 




 OG Doom.  Done.

Doom Hanger theme E1M1 original version: http://youtu.be/JxGzsJKg8zw 




 I prefer dark wheels on light colors but otherwise the style looks all right. 




 Lived and worked there for ten and a half years out of college until last August.  Being in the middle of nowhere brings it's own unique benefits and complications.  And it's so often windy.  That really got on my nerves as a cyclist and a motorcyclist.  The average wind is higher than the highest winds at Pax, for example.  But at the same time if you're outdoorsy there's plenty to go and do.  But plan to be out of town on weekends otherwise plan to be bored.

Feel free to shoot me a message if you have specific questions. 




 I guess the person's boot polish did end up catching on fire in the end.  Closing signature says "Singed,..."  ;) 




 Agree.  People catch on to non gender specific pronouns very quickly., Ask me how I know.  ;) 




 Um..no. Unless of course if you're referring to how I typically see other people.

My comic would look like this:
First panel, "On the first day god created nothing, because he doesn't exist."
Second panel: Just a sound cloud with the word "poof!" in it.
No third panel. 




 Cursed.  That's what it is.  Just like the frogurt. 




 These days I run an emulator of the graphing calculator I used in junior high and high school on my phone (HP 48GX).  So in that was they've changed. 




 Actually in that skit they identified a book, the sound a cat makes and the sound a cow makes.  Little tidbits of information throughout.  You have to remember, this was a show for pre-K type of folks... 




 Sheetz.  Ahthankyou. 




 I was only thinking of the data usage, not so much privacy.  I'm sure it'll be all encrypted and what not. 




 For the record...I am not now, nor have I ever been, a millenial.  That is all. :D 




 Been known since the first reviews came out...Anandtech addressed in their review.  LG didn't implement the required charging hardware. 




 I saw this article the other day...It seems like you have to purchase a subscription?  Also, it's sending the recorded audio up to a server if I understood it correctly, and finally, ideally it needs to be installed on the phones of everyone you're hanging out with.  It's a neat idea I will admit but the implementation is challenging. 




 Monogram series 2014 or a Release Series 2015 Scion, then buy the badges here:

http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showthread.php?t=55312

Because that is all you're seeing.  Very highly doubt any of those vehicles are a EU import. 




 It's not the Note, it's your headunit.  My G3 does it in my car (FR-S) but not in my girlfriend's car (Hyundai Sonata).  It's a "feature" of Android that Google refuses to fix and no one seems to be able to find a workaround.

http://www.google.com/search?q=music+autopllay+bluetooth+android#q=music+autoplay+bluetooth+android spell=1 




 Scosche MagicMount

http://i.imgur.com/PwNKOuh.jpg 




 I'm so sick of these whiny kids complaining about Verizon not going live 'till the 23rd.  It's been known for weeks.  It was never a secret.  Guess what - if you want the phone, pull up your big girl panties and deal with it, folks. 




 Other folks have had issues with fonts so yes, possibly. 




 There's a stock DPI version as well with 1.0.1

http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=56028380 postcount=129 




 Hm...Anything else you've fiddled with?  I haven't had,a single FC with Tapatalk on this device.  Or from any other app, for that matter. 




