 I'm just going to go ahead and cancel this week - see you guys next week! 




 I'm just going to go ahead and cancel this week - see you guys next week! 









 Fyi might cancel today since there's only 2 rsvps so far.  




 Might cancel today since there's only 2 rsvps so far.  




 I will... eventually... 




 Yes! Doesn't have to be this week, but anyone else interested in a play?  




 Also, figured out what was wrong with your chair: http://imgur.com/994F87X

tl;dr: You're dumb.  




 Agree - I was shocked how similar it was tbh. I figured they were already bringing David Tennant back and they've said the killer is going to be another person so I figured it would be pretty different from the original...  




 Sigh... /u/spacenut37 we've got a troll. Please ban. 




 Anyone have a copy of Descent?  




 CANCELED - see you guys next week.  




 It's been awhile since I've seen Broadchurch but I swear huge chunks of the dialogue were verbatim from the original (not to mention the scenes themselves). I found it highly distracting even though I loved all the American counterparts on Gracepoint.  




 Yeah, otherwise Chinese spelling would be Mei. 




 Sorry for the sporadic updates - work's been crazy. 

As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 Part of me wants Ward to feel bad at what he did to Fitz and part of me just wants him to continue down his path of evil and openly mock Fitz's current state. Long live evil!Ward.  




 I think Fitz knows deep down because he's still a very intelligent young man, but he hasn't come to terms with that reality because he's trying to lie to himself (think Shutter Island style). I think we'll get a really heartbreaking scene when he "lets go" of dream!Simmons.  




 They keep showing Skye's creepy (and possibly alien) dad with blood on his hands. I MUST KNOW MORE.  




 I really want to know more about Coulson's episodes. Does he blackout during these? Does he just feel an unnaturally compelled to draw these symbols and lines he sees in his head? Will it become a serious impairment as his new job as the director of SHIELD? 

And more importantly - how does this tie into the 084 and the overall season plot?  




 "And that's just tip of the iceberg!" 

"... now let's get out of here before the iceberg runs of out of fuel."  




 Great episode for developing Lance's character - I'm still not quite sure I believe Lucy Lawless's character is gone for good though. I feel like she might get resurrected somehow and crawl out of her grave they made a big point of showing this episode.   




 I still cannot get over Nathan Petrelli's molestache and European footballer hair. Dear make up department, there is a way to do too much. You have succeeded.  




 Fitz and Mack did have some great bonding moments this episode though. Though I'm afraid of liking this guy... we know what happens when the audience starts to like someone in Whedon land.  




 Though it would be an interesting twist if Simmons actually did leave Fitz because he's slightly brain damaged now and she just wants to work with the best and brightest to advance science. 

More likely, she's trying to use Hydra's better resources and equipment to help fix Fitz.  




 Who's in charge of Skye's wardrobe this season? They are clearly obsessed with black shirts with cutouts/random strappy lines. 




 Poor Fitz - you could literally feel his frustrations coming through in the is episode. Also, it's going to be a heartbreaking scene when he realizes/comes to terms with the fact that Simmons left him.  




 And the biggest OMG moment was the preview of the next episode. I really hope Simmons is just infiltrating Hydra because she needs the resources to fix Fitz. Though it would be a nice angle if she just gave up on Fitz because he's slow now and she just wants to work with the brightest and best in pursuit of science.  




 Miller's Crossing, The Godfather, and Hot Fuzz.  




 Aw you'll be missed Brad. And good luck again with all your future endeavors. 

I'll forever cherish your throne - so much squishier than my current computer chair. Now if only I could figure out how to make it tilt back like it's supposed to...  




 Hey, I'm interested in the black and white Anthro tunic. How long is it?  




 And humans won!  




 Great link - I wasn't in that uber cab so I can't comment. We took one 30 mins prior and it was $45. I'm just saying as a psa everyone should be warned. I had no idea they had policies like that. 




 My roommate just paid $190 for a ride from downtown Raleigh to Morrisville. A regular cab would have cost right around $40. Watch out - they didn't know the fare until they were getting off.  




 Aww... I'll totally play as Cally and use my move to shoot you in the face.  




 Read an article on how Ted Melfi got Bill Murray to star in his movie. Trailer looks good - would be interested if anyone has the script that interested Bill Murray enough to reach out to this first time writer/director (for a feature film).  




 Noo you said you were coming last week!  




 Would anyone be interested in playing Munchkin Quest this Sunday...? :D  




 Asara? Or something fantasy-ish.  




 The Awesome Covers collection.  




 Board gaming is moving to Morrisville starting this week. As usual, use this place to discuss what games and food you are bringing. 

Don't forget this week is long game day - so we'll be starting at 2 PM. 

If you're new - PM me for the address.
 




 And the best so far.  




 There are two scenarios I would accept: 1. Ward is a broken man all season, then gets broken out by Hydra, reasserts his evilness 2. Ward plays their sympathies, finally convinces them he's had a change of heart and then betrays them all mwhahaha 




 Milk that sympathy and then betray them all Ward!! Evil!Ward forever! 




 I know... it was so much worse than it was first presented. :'(  




 LOL - the joys of watching live.   




 Is she really dead though??  




 OMG and it got worse. SO MUCH WORSE.  




 Is she really dead though? She did just grab some weird alien tech thing right before she "died".  




 Jed proving himself to be a true Whedon :(  




 OMG IT WAS WORSE THAN I INITIALLY THOUGHT. NOOOOooooo 




 OH SHIT OH SHIT. THAT ENDING.  




 Coulson is too cute.  




 Aw Coulson trying to act tough. Too cute.  




 Milk that sympathy and then betray them all Ward!! Evil!Ward forever!  




 Poor Fitz :( This is probably the most real fallout/consequence of all of the events that happened at the end of last season.  




 Oh no Fitz!! 




 Robin Taylor is doing an awesome job. Penguin was the highlight of the pilot for me.  




 It seems like the kid who plays Bruce is not half bad though, judging from that last scene so I'll reserve judgement on the whether or not having Bruce in the main plotline will be good or bad.  




 I think cinematography really sells the grittiness of Gotham well.  




 Ditto. I was not expecting to see him in pilot so I definitely had a ! moment when he showed up. 

Really all the casting is spot on. Ben McKenzie is doing a great Gordon and Robin Taylor is a great Penguin. 
 




 Yup completely agree. I wish they had paced the show a little better (especially with the villains) but this is just a problem that network pilots run into. You basically have to use the first episode to hook your viewers so you need to throw every single crazy plot twist/characters into it. All the character introductions were solid though a little rushed. We should have had a couple of episodes to establish Mooney   Penguin's relationship and also a couple to establish Gordon and Harvey's relationship - that way the last scene would have been more powerful. Like Penguin realizing he's on the brink of loosing everything from his attempt at betraying Mooney and Gordon realizing the true extent of his partner's corruption would have made for a way more powerful scene. 

On a side note, everyone is wonderfully cast and I look forward to this season. This was a solid pilot and solid way of introducing all the characters very quickly.   




 Ooo... is this going to be a new service? I like. :)  




 I'm running a little late - will be there around 5:30.  




 Ops sorry for the confusion, I am bringing sour cream! 




 Won't be necessary. EDIT: I'm doing a mango salsa and a corn side and bring sour cream.  




 Remind me if I forget about those stools. 




 I'll be there with some spinach and artichoke dip as well as fish tacos!  




 Our last meeting at /u/Bio-ScienceGuy's place before he sails off to greener waters! ;__; 

Gaming will start at 5 PM. Please post your RSVPs and food details below. Bring something special - let's make this a send off party for our awesome (though sometimes snarky) host!  




 As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 Brooklyn Nine Nine! 




 Got back from the beach early - heading over now. Be there around 5:30.  




 As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 I'll be there with a pie.  









 LOL - nice try.  




 /cryy 

Now who am I going to trade mean jabs with at board game nights?  




 Why would you pay $44M to stream one season of the Blacklist? Surely no show is worth that much... for $2M/episode you could easily produce 22 solid episodes of new content.  




 Companies NEED competition, otherwise they turn into monopolies. And we need constant the innovation and improvement, otherwise we pay up the ass for subpar service.  




 I have to say, it improved a lot towards the latter half of the season and I actually started to get invested. I do have to agree that the pilot was one of the worst I've seen in recent memory. SO many stereotypes.  




 Hey I'm interested in the BR red skirt and blue Gap shorts. Will you take $25 for the both of them including shipping (I live in NC)?   




 Back from my vacation and getting back on schedule! 

As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays.

 




 Oh boooo! Where are you heading off to?  




 The Godfather! I've been watching that movie at least once a year for the last 15 years.  




 I'm baaaaack! 




 No I did not but I had just applied to two different credit cards that were giving me 50,000 AA miles and 40,000 UA miles if I spent 5k in the first 3 months so worked out perfectly.  




 I used cardpool when I was buying a set of new appliances for my house (washer, dryer, fridge, stove, dishwasher) which winded up being around $5k worth of gift cards. No problems whatsoever. Make sure you stack with 20% off coupons and other promos.  




 Very eloquently put. My feelings exactly.  




 Thanks for the hat tip!  




 Or Pushing Daisies for something romantic, whimsical, and just plain unique.   




 As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 I'm taking a road trip with my SO and we're doing a bunch of (casual) hiking and will probably be walking around outdoors for most of the day. I know it's going to be insanely hot and I've never done much hiking before - what types of clothes should I be wearing? I've heard people say looser cotton/natural fabric items or even cotton sundresses. I was originally planning on just wearing tanks/tees with gym shorts (or something similar to that) - what do you guys think? Should I throw some loose cotton sundresses in there? (Or will I look like a fool traipsing around the parks in a dress?) 

Also, any recommendations on a reasonably fashionable hat to wear? 

Thanks in advance! 

EDIT: Thanks for all the great tips. And don't worry I will definitely plan on bringing enough water and sunscreen. 




 Going to be making dinner for my parents tonight so I'm out this week. And I will be in LA   Vegas the following two weekends so I'll see everyone in Sept most likely!  




 3000! 

As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 Snap back to reality 




 It was almost like a "snap back to reality"  




 His facial expression in that picture is just perfect. Chris Pratt goofy white guy face juxtaposed with rappers trying to look their most gangster.  




 I love how Chris's rapping had to be slowed down to match the beat. The man absolutely owned this song.  

Also HUGE thanks OP for doing an amazing job... now if only we could all laughing from the radio hosts edited out haha 




 You might also want to check out Firefly (TV show) and it's sequels Serenity (movie) and the Serenity comics.  




 Holy crap Chris Pratt as a undercover agent posing as a hardcore biker? 10/10 would be SO awesome.  




 This one of those great song in movie scenes that will always be with me.  




 This must have been incredibly difficult to shoot for both the director/crew and the actors. Practically *everything* is green screen.  




 RIP the flip cam.  




 I'll be there. Bringing my friend Richard again.  




 You know you can turn that off under settings by setting notifications off.  




 Thanks for offering to do this! I sent over a very short story!  




 I think it's a good tool for for highlighting adverbs and passive voice. Thanks for sharing. 




 I'm now 100% on board for an Uncharted movie with Chris Pratt as Nathan Drake.  




 **"Unspoken"**

Two characters talk about an event without ever referring to the actual event itself, but the details and repercussions are made clear through their dialogue. 




 Just did the loudest snort-cough ever in the most quiet office from reading this comment. -_- 




 As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 This is beautiful - are you a native writer of either arabic or chinese scripts?  




 Yes! I am absolutely committing line to memory. My favorite super villain comparing his role to my favorite action movie villain. My day was made.  




 Came here to say this.  




 Availability heuristic in the US. I'd say Bebop probably deserves the spot for legacy, but personally I'd vote for Baccano.  




 You should really give it another shot. There's a reason why it's a plot point that both fans and writers pretend never happened. My personal recommendation is just to skip the entire second half of season 6 starting from when it happens.  




 I feel like this just gets more and more ridiculous every year.  




 This comment needs to be higher.  




 This is an absolutely beautiful album. Great images of daily life and fashion in Tehran and Iran in general. (Women really rock those scarves!) I had no idea the city was this modern and pretty! Thanks so much for sharing.  




 SO good. I've seen this movie like 3 more times this year.  




 I bet - usually happened right before all the pre-frosh and their parents start touring the campus.  




 LOL - this just makes me think of all the times they were returfing the grass near the West Campus bus stop and then you were forced to walk along those stupid diagonals to get to the bus stop instead of being able to cut across the grass.  




 There was a kid in my 7th grade class who was a little weird, but one day he showed up to class one morning and he had stitched thread into his cheek (at least 3 or 4 stitches). The needle was still hanging off the end of the thread and was just grinning like crazy when people saw it. 

The teacher called for security real quick.   




 I'll be there!  




 Check your spam folder. Mine was in there.  




