



















 For me it had to be when I saw this kid, must of been like 12 or something, come out of the store with his dad holding a pack of cookies. He looked really happy with them. Then he saw a homeless guy and his dog sitting near the entrance of the shop. 
He stopped, hesitated for a second and then went up the guy, giving him his cookies. He also asked if he could pet the dog, I could see the dad wasn't to excited about that but let him proceed. He then walked away with an even bigger smile, as if he knew what he had just done was nicer then wat I'de say 75% of adults would ever do.
Really brightened up my day. 




 More reddit then you'll ever need.

Disclaimer: age might be exaggerated 




 I'm a belgian, AMA 




 DAE trees?? 














 I know it's far from perfect but hey, who's first one was? Still kind of proud! For anyone wondering, it was either my friends that used to roll or me with one of those machine-thingies. 









 [Thanks](http://i.qkme.me/3rskp7.jpg) 
 
Kidding, didn't notice that indeed but hey, this is IGTHFT, not a spelling contest :) 









 But srsly, upvotes to the left cuz sweet karma AMIRIGHT?? 




 If there's one person 'X-P-special' in the room, it's her. Good lord, so bad.. 




 Ctrl+F 'fuck himself' was not dissapointed 




 Is this out on EU or just NA? 'Cause I can't seem to find it :/ 




 Thanks for the replies! Going to see it tonight 




 Sorry if this is the wrong subreddit, didn't know where else to ask this. All tips are approciated!! Thank you 




 [Mars](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iODdvJGpfIA) 




 Damnit, just realised what a bad timing this is, US is asleep right now.. Oh well 




 Hi,

I believe most of you are well aware of some of the stereotypes the rest of the world has about the United States of America. I would like to hear your point of view about these things and what you think about them! 
Also, people who visited the US, what surprised you? What did you except to be completly different?

Thanks!

Ps:apologies should there be any mistakes, English is not my native language 




 As asked above, what would it be? Would you be world's best dancer? Be able to pursuade/manipulate people like no other? 
Preferably something realistic, so no superhuman powers and such..:) 




 Hi,
So I recently upgraded to iTunes 11. Everything went great for a day or 2 but ever since then, iTunes just doensn't open anymore. I tried everything, re-installing, opening as admin, giving priority, deleted iTunes and all sub-components, cleaned registries and reinstalled. Same problem tough, just doesn't want to open..

When I try to launch it and have task manager open, it actually shows up in the list of processes, only to dissapear after a second or 5, never showing the iTunes screen or pictogram in the system bar. 
Could anyone help me please? Thanks alot!!

Info: I run Windows 7 64 bit, any other information needed, just ask! Cheers 




 'Murica best country in the world, mmmkay? 




 Thank you! I would love a probe aswell, over a zergling tbh. Surprised probe has so few votes 




 I found the Late Game Ward map pretty accurate 




 Thank you for responding! Yes, the same problem still occurs when I switch accounts. Do you have a suggestion for a subreddit that might be able to help me better? Thank you! 




 Hi,

So I recently upgraded to iTunes 11. Everything went great for a day or 2 but ever since then, iTunes just doensn't open anymore. I tried everything, re-installing, opening as admin, giving priority, deleted iTunes and all sub-components, cleaned registries and reinstalled. Same problem tough, just doesn't want to open..

When I try to launch it and have task manager open, it actually shows up in the list of processes, only to dissapear after a second or 5, never showing the iTunes screen or pictogram in the system bar. Could anyone help me please? Thanks alot!!

Info: I run Windows 7 64 bit, any other information needed, just ask! Cheers 




 I am the 17%!

No seriously, it's pretty disturbing that 17% actually chose that option 




 Nevermind how fast Rengar got there, DAT FLASH!! 




 Smart leopard, wanting to keep the baby to stuff it untill worth eating 




 My mom used to say 'Oh, those dates on products don't mean a thing, if it looks and smells good, eat it' 
I have a pretty strong immune system now.. 




 Would love to see the final 4 players A-move the middle of the map simultaniously, would be epic! 




 Also, if you happen to be without an ashtray, you can peel a piece of before smoking and tap your ashes in there! 




 Signed up. What kind of stuff will we be trading? Things like Champions and Skins? Best of luck with this project! 




 I was watching this and just knew it would end up on reddit.. 




 Tried this, deleted iTunes and all sub-components, cleaned registries and reinstalled. Same problem tough, just doesn't want to open :( 




 Hi,

So I recently upgraded to iTunes 11. Everything went great for a day or 2 but ever since then, iTunes just doensn't open anymore. I tried everything, re-installing, opening as admin, giving priority.. Nothing worked.

When I try to launch it and have task manager open, it actually shows up in the list of processes, only to dissapear after a second or 5, never showing the iTunes screen or pictogram in the system bar. Could anyone help me please? Thanks alot!! 









 This is actually very true, well said 




 No need to upvote, just wanted to tell this..

Important: I'm not a native english speaker and I will try to make this nuanced as possible.

IHonestly, 've wasn't a huge fan of Idra, he was once one of the best zergs out there but then eventually just got passed by others. Nothing bad there, but he kept his 'BM' behaviour and 'I'm the best out there attitude', something wich I tought was a pretty dumb thing to do with no results to back that up. I tough that he would just keep on sinking, trying to survive on the name he once made for himself. 

Now, I must say tough, I was really impressed the last few times I've seen him play on stage, he seems to have really dedicated himself on reaching the top level again. Wich was partially what made me open his stream this evening when I was bored. There, I was pleasently surprised, I found a well-playing Idra, explaing his tactics to his viewers, interacting and not calling people bad every 5 seconds. I really enjoyed it and even felt bad for him and the other viewers when he had to stop streaming because someone tought it would be funny to do the Clan Invite glitch thing.

Just an honest story I wanted to get out there.

TLDR: Idra improved and cleaned up his act imo, best of luck for him in the future. 




 Hi,

So I recently upgraded to iTunes 11. Everything went great for a day or 2 but ever since then, iTunes just doensn't open anymore. I tried everything, re-installing, opening as admin, giving priority.. Nothing worked.

When I try to launch it and have task manager open, it actually shows up in the list of processes, only to dissapear after a second or 5, never showing the iTunes screen or pictogram in the system bar. Could anyone help me please? Thanks alot!! 




 I speak both Dutch and French yes, how'd you know? 




 Hmm, if I don't find another solution I might have to try this. Weird tough.. 




