 The troops are there because the corrupt Baltimore police force have been killing people for years and couldn't get their shit in order. The riot was inevitable. Anyone who knew Baltimore is amazed it didn't happen way earlier.  




 That breaks my fucking heart. 









 Clarence "I found a pube on my Coke" Thomas? We should devote an entire day to that guy on this sub. 




 Word.

[Agent Orange and Monsanto](https://www.organicconsumers.org/old_articles/monsanto/agentorange032102.php) 














 Erm except for this:
[Monsanto has sued farmers 16 years never lost a case](http://www.fooddemocracynow.org/blog/2014/sep/6/monsanto_has_sued_farmers_16_years_never_lost_case) 




 Pan y tierra muchacho! Pan y tierra! 




 No pasaran!

 




 It's an instinctive thing. People don't want to face it especially when there's usually plausible deniability. I can't blame people for being freaked about the rabbit hole. People don't want to know. But the thing is it only takes a few percent of the population to get it for change to happen. 




 Who loves ya! 




 One more thing: use a TOR browser. VPN alone is insufficient. Look into getting something called Pretty Good Privacy. 




 Unfortunately you'll be grouped in with them. Another tip is to contact organizations that you respect in other countries. Here's a very old one, the IWW, also known as the Wobblies,  check them out and if you agree with their views or even if you don't, consider contacting them for advice or help: [the IWW](https://www.iww.org.uk/) 




 Serious advice: be paranoid. Cover your identity carefully. Only send e-mail if you can secure it. Stay anonymous. Use VPNs. Wipe traces of what you do. Organize yourselves but be smart. Be careful who you trust, you WILL be infiltrated. Never openly advocate violence or let anyone trick you into advocating that. Watch a movie called the Battle of Algiers from the 50s for amazing tips on organizing secretly using the principle of threes. Don't openly call yourselves Anarchist. Stick to something like left wing libertarian or another nicer sounding name. 
Be smart, be safe, and good luck! I wish you the best, it makes me very happy to hear that your group exists! 




 Holy shit, infrastructure... forgot about that. That's one we really need to talk about more on this sub. What a disgrace American infrastructure is now! 




 It's all in the timing. 




 He's practicing luring his prey in close, so he doesn't have to waste bullets. He can just gut his target with a Bowie knife. 




 Exactly. I think that's a huge part of the equation. 




 Funny you say Iraq. I think you could make a case that this is an example of blowback. 




 What Bieber listening drone downvoted KRS1? Take this: [Sound Of Da Police ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jcojxeMibA) 




 Just subscribed. Great sub. 




 KRS1 had it right:

Overseer, overseer, overseer, overseer
Officer, officer, officer, officer

Yeah, officer from overseer
You need a little clarity, check the similarity

 




 Diet and exercise are probably a little too much to ask. Better to slice it off or medicate. 









 Thin air. Seriously.  




 We need a new civil rights movement against police power. 




 People outside this sub have a hard time accepting there's such a thing as brainwashing, but THIS is what brainwashing looks like. It's very intentional, and it's insanely effective. 




 This scares the living shit out of me. If it doesn't scare the living shit out of you, you've been brainwashed.  




 It could have paid for education and health care for the whole country. As it is we have a trillion dollar student debt bubble that is about to pop. The next recession is going to be violent.  




 Yes we are. Martial law has many layers, and we've been living under it since WW1. There have been decades long programs to keep people under control. This goes back to the violent suppression of socialist and anarchist groups in 1918 by the Bureau of Investigation, precursor to the FBI. Eddie Bernays work in propaganda and later PR was massively connected to dissuading people from radical politics by promoting consumerism. Our society has been deliberately kept docile and apolitical.

Troops on the street are a manifestation of the existing reality. They come out when the powers that be feel they are useful. Just because troops are not on the ground during certain periods, don't be fooled into thinking that there's no martial law. 




 Join [the Rent is Too Damn High Party](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rent_Is_Too_Damn_High_Party) 




 My instinct is that this is a fake because of the blinking and Christmas lights. But if it's true that a news crew took the footage, I don't know what to think. I've seen a couple of weird UFOs before but they weren't like this. This is like the Close Encounters ship. 




 Bowart was in many ways a counter-cultural hero. He started as an editor of the underground newspaper the [East Village Other](http://eastvillageother.org/) and became a fearless researcher into America's darkest secrets. Anyone interested in conspiracy theory should know about his work.

[Walter Bowart page on Whale site](http://www.whale.to/b/bowart.html) 









 Wow, thanks for the info. I'll look into this. 




 I'm scared these cameras will end up being used against ordinary citizens. I would prefer laws to be strengthened to protect people who wish to film or record the police.  




 [Further confirmation of this insane law](https://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20071224165014AAcftxO) 









 That's why I still think a lot of this has to do with military technology because the proximity of events to military bases is typical.  




 No, there are fun sized candy bars in my real world. 




 You got it. 




 You're right on points one and two that a lot of stuff has been happening that is just criminal. However I totally disagree on point three, I know people in Baltimore and the activism during the Ferguson protests and since has been widespread. The organized protests against the Freddie Gray killing were big and peaceful. I think there has to be a distinction between people who engage in criminality and the majority who do not.  Many of those involved in organizing protests against the police have been on the front line attempting to stop the violence. 




 Or he'll be in some blockbuster starring a journalist as the hero who saves everyone. Hollywood is predictably twisted that way. 




 Mark Passio's really good. He had a good talk where he was explaining that Anarchism doesn't mean a society with no rules but instead a society with no rulers. 




 After a few years where I feel like the UFO issue has been overshadowed by other stuff, things seem to be heating up again: [San Diego Lights yesterday](http://www.nbcsandiego.com/news/local/Mysterious-Lights-Spotted-Above-San-Diego-301729021.html). 




 It's how they're covering the riots. They always cover riots because they can whip people up and scare them and that sells papers. 




 [You break the law every day without knowing it](http://www.zerohedge.com/contributed/2013-10-22/you-break-law-every-day-without-even-knowing-it) 




 So many of the stories about police abuse follow a narrative of "the bad cop" deviating from all the good cops, but this case in South LA really shows how systemic the problem is when it comes to how the police view and deal with the public. 









 You mean the cops should behave themselves better? I agree. As for doing an illegal U-turn every now and then, we've all been there. People do what people have got to do. If you're white you get a ticket when they catch you, if you're a person of color, you get arrested and/or beaten. 




 The final episode of the Almighty Johnsons. 




 Media bias that regularly paints ordinary citizens as violent animals is a conspiracy. Maybe it's an intentional one by power elites or maybe it's a systemic one caused by the financial bottom line of the media companies who need to sensationalize everything in order to sell copy, but it's still a conspiracy because in the end the media distorts reality and people get harmed because of that distortion. 




 Just like all those rich neighborhoods where no one does drugs? Or the middle class or blue collar ones that are so drug free? Drugs are everywhere, so why is it only poor people get locked up for them?  




 What's great about this is that after Morgan Freeman offers a nuanced perspective about how maybe just maybe some elements of the media are starting to listen to protestors after their shameful misrepresentation of them in Ferguson, the reporter then sensationalizes Freeman's message by focusing on his throwaway line at the end thus proving that the media really does suck. 



















 Great quote. 




 Fuck the law. 




 If people want to do drugs, let them. Who gives a shit? What kind of moralistic assholes give a shit about people doing drugs? I mean, I don't personally do drugs, but listening to assholes telling me how evil drugs are makes me want to get high as fuck. 




 We have 5% of the world's population and 25% of the world's prison population. We have far more prisoners than China including Chinese political prisoners. We also have legalized slave labor as enshrined under the Constitution which exempts prisoners from the prohibition on forced labor. And trust me, what's happening in Baltimore has a lot to do with African American men being removed from society for prolonged periods of time to serve sentences for non-violent drug crimes. How can communities function let alone grow and thrive when all the men are taken from them? And at least Stalin's gulags weren't for profit.  




 Pretty intense, I'd want to know more about the video before judging it. As an aside, why are the comments in /r/news always so stupid? I mean, no one can say anything that isn't jokey. Can't they ever say their opinion without trying to make it seem cute or ironic? I hate leaving this sub for other subs. 




 Another dimension of this is that Weld comes from one of the most powerful and wealthy families in American history. William Weld was governor of Massachusetts for example.  




 It's kind of nuts, that's why it's hard to follow.  The theory says that Tuesday Weld, sixties actress, was at the center of a satanic underground. She does pop up in a lot of places including the Stones song Ruby Tuesday. She had connections to the Sharon Tate murder and to a ton of esoteric goings on during the 60s and 70s. The guy who is talking about this theory is named Jeff Turner and there was an amazing documentary about him called I Think We're Alone Now. This is one of the weirder conspiracies to come out of the sixties. 









 I guess what I'm saying is Bernays taught the black magic and Hoover acted on it. 




 So - if I've got this straight - if they get caught it's a conspiracy, but if they don't get caught, we're tinfoil wearing loonies. 




 No other single human being is so responsible for brainwashing the masses as he was. People point to Bernays, but he was just trying to dupe us into buying shit we don't need. Hoover set groups against one another and turned this into a spiteful, paranoid country. It's like we're living inside the guy's twisted head. 




 Or better yet, sit your five year old in front of this: [COINTELPRO](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDbVIDJnPzA) 




 I'll give it a stab: Hoover... bad man... FBI program to frame and disrupt political activities by blacks, Latinos, lefties, and college kids... highly illegal... Fred Hampton and other Panthers murdered... Vietnam protesters harassed, John Lennon followed, mass infiltration of activist groups that continues to this day.
I'm assuming I'm talking to a really smart five year old.
In a nutshell: America is far more right wing today because of COINTELPRO. 




 Sorry to spam, but here's a discussion of this history from Democratic Underground: (http://www.democraticunderground.com/discuss/duboard.php?az=view_all address=104x4086438) 




 This was a classic technique from  [COINTELPRO](http://disinfo.com/2013/01/the-return-of-cointelpro-2/) and they're still going strong! 




 This is seriously fascinating stuff. I'd like people to keep a keener eye on the behavior of the super rich. 




 [America](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDbVIDJnPzA) 














 [Rupert Sheldrake's The Science Delusion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JKHUaNAxsTg).
It's called the cult of scientism. Science and scientific method are great. Dogma is not. 




 Ironic somewhat that #14 has 12 points and is complaining about being deprived of a right to due process. Apologies if I'm reading this wrong. Could be a Reddit glitch for all I know. 




 Kaczynski drew much of his philosophy from Ellul and in particular the book I posted called Technological Society. In fact they had a long correspondence where the one thing they disagreed about was the use of violence. Check it out, you might find it interesting even though it was originally written in the 50's! 




 Cool. I think you essentially have the idea. It's about human beings becoming more purposeful with their use of technology, taking the reigns back and not just having blind faith in technological systems. Technology certainly can save us, but we have to cultivate the wisdom to use it better than we do at present. Hope you find it interesting. 




 I'm for non-violence but not necessarily peace. Creative non-violence was a powerful movement in the 70s and 80s. Collective civil disobedience can work wonders. Maybe one could argue that what we're seeing in Baltimore fits in with that. But when movements target the police or military, they're falling into a trap because those violent entities feed off of attempts at violence used against them. They love violence. Their budgets balloon, they get to seize control, they get to fear monger the public. Any act of violence - as opposed to destruction of property that results in no harming of human beings - any attempt at violent resistance will be fuel to the fire of these authoritarian forces.
Resistance needs to be smart and sustainable, but it probably shouldn't obsess over being peaceful. 




 If anyone is interested, here's a link to Ellul's masterpiece [Technological Society](http://monoskop.org/images/5/55/Ellul_Jacques_The_Technological_Society.pdf). 

No other book has had more of an influence on me.  Ellul is criminally forgotten, but his ideas are more relevant than ever. 




 I've watched this a bunch of times, but never straight through. I always get sidetracked looking stuff up. The David Ovason book The Secret Architecture of Our Nation's Capital that he bases some of this material on is a great read. 




 Hey, we've all been there. I come from a long line of cops and soldiers. It took me a while to wake up. Your co-workers will get there. We're all on the same side. 




 If anyone is interested, here's a link to Ellul's masterpiece [Technological Society](http://monoskop.org/images/5/55/Ellul_Jacques_The_Technological_Society.pdf). 

No other book has had more of an influence on me.  Ellul is criminally forgotten, but his ideas are more relevant than ever. 




 Thanks for posting that. Great video. That mirrors what I've gone through the last few years. Everything we discuss on this sub basically boils down to a war we're all in over human consciousness. The way to win the war is to reclaim your own mind and trust that others will follow this act of sanity.  



















 It's in 23 parts. No one in their sane mind would watch it all the way through. It shows Masonic symbolism in Washington and elsewhere. 









