 Hi there,


I was wondering i have had this EKG's done in a year time but i notice that in lead V1 the rsR is getting bigger each time not by allot but its happening so last EKG where i don't have the print out from show an even bigger rsR in height (don't know the right terms but it looks like that) Does this mean anything? I do have som slight enlarged right ventricle on MRI. 

Starting to get more and more out of breath
And getting heavier quiet a bit. Without eating more.

http://imgur.com/a/aljUk

 




 Thanks for your answer again! Very kind of you! I have no clue how many leads it has.. 




 Thanks allot! Very helpful! so far I think it's a pretty handy and cool device! 
I do have another question about ecg's i have this rsR in v1 but on the second one the rsR the R' is gotten higher if you understand what i mean. The qrs duration however hasn't become longer. Does this indicate something? Or does this already happen with lead misplacement? 




 that Tarte flambee looks absolutely delicious with that goat cheese and bacon!  




 Hell of a conclusion they are making here. 




 The factory is right next to my house, only it is in Delft not in Amsterdam I only don't know how you can see if its a fake o real porcelyn.  




 You are such a terrible dad if you don't let your daughter have sex with her BOYFRIEND unless you are both 12 years old. 

edit: spelling 




 Do you by the way know if they can detect a myocardial infarction in such a tiny thing? Or evidence of it?  




 Recently watched the perks of being a wallflower and I have to say it hit me pretty hard liked it allot. 




 Thanks! Well unless it's a nasa rocket manual it shouldn't be rocket science! 




 Watched the movie again last week and it was truly a joy te see it again. Also the list of actors in the movie is pretty impressive. 




 Thanks really helpful!

Are you a cardiologist? :) 




 http://imgur.com/a/cXqQl

Have a history of some cardiac enlargement end yesterday i was severely tired but i don't know if this is edema or something to call the doctor for to see if something is progressing?

 




 Since 2 weeks I have this Medtronic Reveal LinQ implanted but I was wondering how the report looks like and what it records and saves? Does it monitors your heart rate consistently and does it say from everyday what the lowest heart rate was and what the highest? From the manual I understand it automatically records the more worrisome heart arrhythmia but in my case it's implanted for the slow heart rates.

Edit: spelling 









 Yes! 




 That's why he hates America, makes all sense now. 




 Get the counseling asap just call the psychology office and just go. It won't kill you and they have excellent therapy's! Good luck! 




 O boy mussels are so tasty, when my dad makes them everybody is eating at home that night.  




 Awesome, good for you and good luck! 




 Remember the post on reddit about this but it was an obvious clickbait. 




 Out of interest is that still a big market that telephone sex? I'm always looking at those ads and thinking you must be pretty retarded to call something like that. 




 Thanks for the answer. Have a nice day! 




 I read allot of people how suddenly "die" of heart failure also at young age. But isn't it with heart failure that there would be warning signs like edema and stuff like that? Or is it just wrong information given by the newspapers?
For instance here in a newspaper in Holland:
"The father of the teenager found his son (15 years old) death in the bad tub. Research has to find out what the cause of death is but they are thinking about heart failure."
It is very sad news but I really don't understand it first of all sudden cardiac death at that age is extremely rare and heart failure is something that doesn't develop in a couple of hours without warning signs isn't it?

t

 




 Dit ziet er veel belovend uit, ben het volkomen eens met dat er veelte veel management lagen zijn dit is overigens in de hele zorg sector zo laatst een nachtje en dag in het ziekenhuis gespendeerd en dan heb je een doktersassistent, verpleegkundige een verpleegkundig specialist hoofdverpleegkundige vervolgens een arts-assistente vervolgens een specialist in opleiding daarna een specialist en vervolgens heb je nog 30 management lagen er bovenop voordat je bij de eind verantwoordelijke ben en die mag zelf ook niet eens bepalen hoe of wat. 

Terug on topic:
Ziet er uit als een fijn verzorgingstehuis! 




 Personally I think you would better be off without a mentor. You need to fall and stand up in life and fight your own way thru it. If you made that decisions back then it was probably the right decision. Just don't hesitate about it and you will be fine. 




 Are you considering an operation to get them smaller?  




 It is pretty funny  that those guys think you are totally in the mood and you are just making a cup of coffee.  




 ORS, Oral Rehydration Salts they come in little sachets. Also a good walk outside helps allot of times first you will feel awful but when you get home you feel much better.  




 I'm starting to think what is real and what is fake what Snowden is telling it can't be all true. Isn't he just a psycho who loves attention? Or are the Russians feeding him information he has to say in order to stay there?  




 Very missed opportunity for BBM to wait so long to make BBM cross platform and also computers.  




 Nice! 




 my most happy picture!

http://imgur.com/i2TRd2b 




