 No, he needs to witness a murder. Then starts fighting crime, using his trusty garbage truck to compact and dispose the bodies of countless henchmen. And it turns out, the real enemy is the CEO of a recycling plant! This show writes itself. 




 Plus Everyone knows tony stark is Ironman, so I could just be like: 


"Yeah I can bench press over 20 pounds and oh yeah I'm Iron man's best friend. We're bros." 




 We need a gritty garbage man show. 




 I feel like you're trying to convince your gf to give you a bj after the plane crash for "Protein". 




 I would say the doctor but something terrible might happen to me, instead I must pick........*Drum roll*..............Tony stark. 




 ...what? 




 Donate all of your organs, no "you" left to feel good about your actions. 




 I will be going as Steve, are you going this year? 




 Yes, with poop. And puke. And bad feels. Been there, sucks for about half a day, don't eat and stay hydrated. 




 Those who can't sleep with their feet uncovered or just over the edge of the bed. 




 Bottled Water. 




 When George Carlin compared humans to fleas that the Earth can shake off whenever and has been through far worse than us. 




 "It's all cool, here." *Extends hand for hand shake.



*Go to shake his hand. 


*He moves his hand out and over his head.

"Sike!"


 




 Germany, you owe me 5 bucks if I'm right. 




 I like christian finnegan's bit about the effects of Monopoly.

Edit: here's the link, whole bit is funny. Monopoly at :59:http://www.cc.com/video-clips/9mxydo/comedy-central-presents-monopoly 




 Cancer. This needs to stop. 




 Grind house. Planet terror+Death Proof. 




 Open World Environments, It does soo much for my immersion. 




 I like my internet. 




 can't go wrong with a little [dickbutt](http://imgur.com/etjgJ2D). 




 ...[Ahem](http://i.imgur.com/PaS6IO9.jpg). 




 How to Potty train your dragon 2. 




 True Dat Detective. 




 Game of Porcelain Thrones. 




 District 9 is the go to answer but I'd also like to see a well done sequel to cloverfield. Wtf happened after that. 




 I am literally hitler. 




 It was a day just like today when an irrational man did something unspeakable. some men aren't looking for anything logical, like money. They can't be bought, bullied, reasoned, or negotiated with. Some men just want to watch the world burn. .
.
.
.
.

Jepenna wanted the world to accept his madness, ocounter1 stood amongst the masses and said: "No. it's spelled 4ever" 




 Jaywalk.....and loiter. 




 No sleep, booby traps everywhere. 




 Thundercunt-Self-Explanatory. 




 Not sure if unmemorable or completely blackout drunk. 




 what'd you end up doing? 




 It's depressing and does alot of damage to your self-esteem, but life goes on. 




 You picked the perfect day to start drinking. 




 Don't remember what age, probably 3rd grade. I personally handed out flyers to nearly 40 of my classmates. Not one showed up or called.

a close second was another where my father showed up drunk and began arguing with my grandparents. I just remember standing in the living room crying. 




 Well, from the accounts of war I've heard, there is not much dignity in war at all. Just helmets full of blood.  




 Where do I sign up? 




 Billy bob Thornton documentary. 




 they use a green cloak later in season 1 which seems easier to acquire. 




 I saw a lot of attack on Titan folks at FSC, you could do Eren Yaeger and Mikasa Ackerman. 




 Aw c'mon Gollum ain't so bad, he just has an addiction in a land without methadone clinics. 

Sauron is the REAL cunt basket. 




 Anyone who tried to make a difference would be called a faggot, except for Unidan. 









 Nibbler 




 Yes, Truman. 




 Huh, what's on the TV guide? 




 Citizen Kane 2. 




 I don't see how there can be good faith if Ubisoft is willing to lie about a game's visuals in order to build up hype. 

I understand they are trying to garner good faith by doing this but it isn't enough of a gesture, they're just admitting to a lie rather than doing something to satiate the customers. 

   How it come off, to me, is Ubisoft saying "look we're going to give you a product that is of lesser quality than what we promised but because we admitted it you guys shouldn't bitch about it." 




 You see, the problem isn't so much the game itself, it's the marketing. Ubisoft has a fantastic marketing department that knows how to sell a game and make you believe you are buying more than what you really are but without lying about it. This can potentially become the industry standard if the consumers go out and support Ubisoft. 




 There's also the opposite end of that coin, the author of fight club thought the movie was better. 









 "imprint" Starring Morgan Freeman and Joaquin Phoenix. 




 Oh you gotta watch 24. 




 The Apatosaurus scene in Jurassic Park. That scene just captured manic on film. 




 Tucker and Dale vs Evil 




 Have him follow someone. He's wandering around and sees a pretty girl who he begins to follow. She is buying food and picking up medicine for her father/grandfather. Who then during a conversation with the old man your protagonist has a revelation. 




 Are you on the TS yet? 




 Come onto the ts. 




 He's on TS but doesn't need help anymore. 




 Where is this?
 




 Cabin in the woods. MGM made this movie when they were in hot financial water, so they sold it to Lionsgate several years later. Lionsgate didn't market it well. This also happened to Red Dawn but that movie is forgettable. 




 Blue valentine, maybe. 




 Darth Vader's house. See what I did there? 




 The V/H/S films are decent, helps narrow down what kind of horror you like. 




 what they showed, i get where you're coming from but all that remained static was tom cruise and the omega. they never implied other universes. 




 They never implied that. 




 just a gritty crime movie like that, character focused. 




 Alice in Wonderland!!! 




 Yes. 




 Haywire. 




 It is, but it's going to lose so much money in the long run. It's a 180 million dollars budget and it only made 29 million on opening weekend domestically. It'll make it's money back overseas but Tom Cruise is not doing well in America if you consider Oblivion.  




 Since Edge of Tomorrow isn't working like they wanted it to. I would love to see Tom cruise in an independent film like Killer Joe. 




 That...would be funny. I woulda laughed my ass off. Time is frozen in a continuous loop until he gets a blood transfusion. 




 Why do you exist?!? 




 Watch it. Very fun action movie. Great movie if you love Tom cruise. Great movie if you hate Tom cruise cause you watch him die again and again. 




 Bad Robot/ J.J. Abrams 




 Hangover(2009)


Tucker and Dale vs Evil (2010)


Kung Fu Panda 2 (2011)


Hotel Transylvannia (2012)


This is the End (2013)
 




 How about Batman lives? Am I the only one who likes happy endings? 




 Don't say the twist in the title. 




 It's so warm!!! 




 Cabin In the Woods. 




 I don't know, that opening roll was too pretentious. 




 The town. We didn't need that last shot. 




 I understand, good question. The movie doesn't answer this, it's up to you to assume. Maybe Cage slept with the wrong General's daughter. 




 Usual Suspects, the negotiator, Watchmen. 




 Initially, he was sent to London to address any media concerns with regards to the impending invasion, presumably. Is this what you meant? 




 The Bourne films. 




 Erm, nah. 




 The Avengers= Tony Stark and company. 




 I've heard that rather than focusing on Bilbos story, Peter Jackson has convoluted the plot by adding major aspects of The Silmarillion. I have yet to see the movies though. 




 Don't know if it applies but I'm waiting for all the hobbit movies to come out before watching them. 




 Why would we want it to be any different? 




 Predator. Considering the technological and evolutionary advantages versus a squad of spec ops. 




 ...aaaand dead. 




 People tend to have so much free time to be getting in comedic shenanigans or pondering what to do about the other person. Don't these people have jobs? 














 I like the trailers and thoroughly enjoyed the first. 




 No country for old men, the movie is very visual and already doesn't have a soundtrack. It's your typical black hat versus white hat versus josh brolin. 




 Both very good films IMHO. 


Both loosely deal with trying to fix the past.



Edge of tomorrow is a one-off movie, you go watch it and enjoy it. Take someone with you to talk to about it(not during). It's a bit smarter than a popcorn film. Good performances all throughout.



X-Men DOFP is also a very good movie, but something to take into account is how dense the movie is. This movie doesn't pick up right off of X-3, this is 10-20 years in the future and introduces the sentinel program. If you are ok with turning your brain on and have seen at least 2 X-Men movies then this is a good flick to watch.  




 Blue Valentine. 






Not a movie but the tv show shameless focuses on this. 




 Dodgeball, Vince and Ben never once touch each other. They leave the competition on the court despite Ben stillers attempt to bribe Vince. 




 Where the cops literally say "den of evidence"? 




 It's friendly until one of them dies. 




 =( 




 Chris Evans. 




 American beauty. Lester comes into his own in figuring out what he wants out of life and his main priorities. 




 Citizen Kane- sad ending, great message. 




 Pulp fiction did this justice, I think. 




