 I really want to see your shawls! 




 Many people don't stuff the puffs as much as I do, so mine is going to be super heavy. I get cold really easily so I think it will be perfect!  




 You are an inspiration!  




 I'm shooting for 400. But you can make a small quilt with 250-275. Thank you so much!  




 Nope! I use my 4s for all of them! 




 I plan on doing Sailor Moon one day!  




 Me too! I'm on vacation and there's this amazing yarn shop nearby! I'm planning on getting at least four new yarns for this! 




 When I first started it took about 1 hour and 15 minutes to make one. But, now I can crank one out in about 50 minutes! 




 Oh wow! I loooove your pattern! 




 I actually only stuff them with scrap yarn or cheap red heart yarn. I think it works so much better than fiber fill or poly fill. Less messy too.  




 Oooooo! I'd love to see that! 




 Not yet. I'm debating whether or not to crochet them all together. It looks really neat but it spaces them out more. I like how they look all touching too, so I need to figure out what I like more.  




 I've used all different weights to make mine. The key is to keep the larger ones surrounded by medium sized ones, and then the smallest ones around the medium sized ones. I used every size yarn. Lace, fingering, worsted, and even bulky. That fuzzy one in the picture is one of the largest.  









 I'm 5'6 1/2". Gotta add that half in there. Haha. What's really weird, is when I was big, I was taller. I was 5'8" according to my doctor for about four years.  




 Will do! Keep an eye out! Thank you!  




 It took a year for the first 70, and I've been toning and working on my distance running this year, and I've dropped another ten. Thank you! 




 Eat less move more. Lol. ;) I'll be posting an update on my progress to /r/progresspics soon. Thanks! 




 I will be posting an update of my progress in a week or so. I've lost 80 pounds.  




 I actually do have some stretch marks, but they are very hard to see. I went to see a dermatologist and I was prescribed trinoin cream and had red light therapy. Thy are only visible if I stretch my skin a certain way in specific lighting.  




