 Probably first and only time I post here, but wow.  




 Cool, Thank you! :) 




 Do you actually have to join each covenant to get the achievement? So far each covenant I go to does not give me the achievement, but I have not actually been joining them.  




 Can anyone confirm this? I have been blowing friends off on Live for the last week! 




 I thought I was the only one.  




 Works both ways pal.  




 I have been advocating this as well for a very long time. Maybe then some people would realize how batshit crazy some of the people they vote for really are.  




 That said, it only takes a few elephants with explosive diarrhea to turn everyone's lunch into a shit taco

Did you make that up? Because, if you did, you are now my favorite person.  




 Nathan Fillion is the only man that can make me question my heterosexuality.  




 Exactly. Sorry if that was misleading. 




 Fuck. I just realized that I fucked that up too... 




 Had roughly 4,000+ souls and 6 Humanity sitting at the Gargoyle boss. I needed to get more humanity so I could reverse hollowing and summon someone to help. Ended up getting poisoned trying to farm the rats for humanity. Ran out of Estus Potion and died about 5 feet away from bonfire.  




 Jumped off a ledge...like a boss 




 because you should be reading it in Sean Bean's voice. 




 Curious to see reddit's take on this. Bill seems to forget that a large part of these amenities are provided to the poor through social programs we have in place. Without those programs, I think the numbers wouldn't be as close.  




 I imagine it's pronounced, "Joe-lynn". If so, it's not that big of a deal. 

EDIT: Spelling 




 Obviously there has been improvements, but overall it is more Battlefield. Mostly all new additions are welcome, even though some need more work. Graphically(XBOX 360), this game looks to be comparable to Modern Warfare 3. 

It's a good game, but too early to tell if it will be great(or surpass MW3 for that matter).  




 goatse 









 tubgirl 




 I am betting it has something to do with adjustments made to a part of ME2 that was less than popular. Mining?  




 I am just curious if you think games like Mass Effect and Deus Ex are also wrong for coming out with content for the game after release. 




 EDIT: I'm a dumbass and can't put shit in the right place 




 Yeah, but we seem to constantly rip MW3 for this while letting every other game off easy. What about Battlefield 3 or Gears of War 3?  




 I didn't know Call of Duty was the only game to release map packs. Interesting.  




 Tyrion says hello 




 I liked the Doom movie too. Kind of tired of people saying that movies sucked just because they didn't like it.  




 Was I the only person that liked the Prince of Persia movie? 




 I think if you were moving FTL, than most of these rules would no longer apply, since our understanding of the universe is based off of a theory that states this is not possible.  




 I am pretty sure that Brian Greene explains this in *The Elegant Universe*. It's been a while since I read it though. He explains how one can essentially "travel through time" given our current understanding of the universe.  




 [Somewhat Relevant.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btuxO-C2IzE) 




 As soon as I saw the article, I came into comments expecting black joke to be top comment. I was not disappointed.  




 At first I was like, "Ok, this guys must work for some professional sports team and is selling used game socks". Then I was like, "What. The. Fuck." (audibly) 

Now, after reading this AMA, What. The. Fuck. 

 #3232;\_ #3232;
 




 6 months, against 10 years.  




 I was already laughing after the first sentence.  




 When I pee I kick 




 I need to go to these places where people dress up as Mega Man for Halloween. I'm missing out.  




 TIL 




 Not sure if it has been mentioned yet, but when you are trying to exit a parking lot in your car and nobody will let you out. When you are next to a stop light and some asshole pulls right up into the exit of parking lot, even though the light is red, I just want to ram right into their fucking car.  




 with the strength to carry on... 




 I must have got 4-5 straight calls back for 2nd interviews before finally getting a job (an underpaying one at that). To me, getting so close and feeling good about your chances only to get the "Thanks, but no thanks" email was a much bigger kick in the gut.  




 I am saving this thread for the next time I hop on Amazon 




 That's the point. Ron Paul even says, " I just don't think we're at the point where anybody has absolute proof on either side". 




 Ron Paul definitely believes in a creator, and in that sense he does believe in creationism. However, what he (and, originally, you) is arguing is the theory of evolution which specifies how we as human beings came to be and not necessarily who created us.  




 Actually that statement says that he does not believe either side of the argument entirely. By your logic, that would put him squarely in the anti-creationist camp as well. 

EDIT: Spelling 




