 Honestly, there may be some truth to that (I'm NOT a denier). Zyklon B was an industrial agent made to be a cleanser for sterilizing whole rooms (think like a field hospital). There were absolutely gas chambers, but chemical sanitizer was expensive and probably wasn't used to gas people when cheaper alternatives existed. 

From what I've read, several accounts point towards using diesel engine exhaust being used in the chambers. It was cheap and plentiful. Just hook up some engines to exhaust to an enclosed space with little to no ventilation and that's it, carbon monoxide did the work. Plus you could find any low ranking soldier and tell them to hook up a tube. There was no special training needed like there would likely be for a specialized agent like Zyklon B.

This is a horriffic thing to say, but if you are a Nazi officer, you are still trying to fit into a budget. Carbon monoxide from exhaust is far cheaper and more budget friendly than a medical grade cleanser that has to be purchased from IG Farben, especially when you need it to actually sterilize rooms too.

I don't claim to be a holocaust scholar, but it seems like it would make more sense to me. Then again, I don't know if diesel was rationed for the Nazi war effort, in which case that would be a strike against that approach.

Edit: After doing some more reading, it looks like both were used, depending on which camp. 




 That's not really true. People in China and Korea (ESPECIALLY Korea) are very cognisant of it. Though Japan was less likely to do death camps - they usually gassed entire cities (to be fair, gassing an entire city was way cleaner than some of the things we did to them - there's a reason why firebombing is now banned). As far as using prisoners - the Japanese were far bigger on conscripting prisoners and forcing them to fight, or using them for medical research.

We also don't talk about it as much on the US side because most of the Japanese researchers who performed medical/chemical weapons research on living human test subjects were given clemency and jobs working for the US doing chemical weapons research (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unit_731). There was no big showy trial where the dirty laundry was aired like there was with Nuremberg.

We went so far as to then claim that anyone who accused the Japanese of such warcrimes were spreading communist propaganda. So, that's pretty much why no one talks about it in the west.

The only country that tried to perform legal proceedings for Japanese war crimes was Russia. 




 It doesn't. But it is a nice reminder that no matter how many horriffic things there are in the world, some things are still good and pure and wonderful. Like puppies. 




 +1 for the puppy picture.
Honestly, I love that it's the last photo in the set. After all of that darkness and horror and human tragedy, it's a wonderful reminder that there are genuinely wonderful things in this world.

It kinda reminded me of this:
http://thedailyshow.cc.com/videos/jtbjft/moment-of-zen---a-puppy

Edit: A little context - this was the first episode of the daily show to film after 9/11/01, and the whole country was reeling. So Jon Stewart presented a puppy to show the world that there were still good, wonderful things out there. 




 They did build gas chambers out of diesel engines because exhaust was cheaper than dedicated poison agents. The gas chambers currently at Auschwitz aren't real (they're reconstructions) but that doesn't mean the there weren't other gas chambers there beforehand.

The medical experiments alone prove some of the horrific atrocities committed by the Nazi war machine. Sadly most of the Nazi research was medical or psychological in nature, so we executed most their researchers. Unlike Japan whose research was mostly in torture and chemical warfare - we granted most of their scientists clemency and allowed them to continue doing research for the US (but without human test subjects). Kind of pathetic how that worked out. 




 Cognitive dissonance. You can ask a young-earth believer if they believe in the speed of light. You can ask them if they can see the stars in the sky. You can ask them how a 5000 year old world could see light from a planet a million light years away when technically that light should still be 995000 miles away. They'll attempt to rationalize to justify their position even though they know that their position cannot logically coexist with the scientific facts they already accept. People are able to handle cognitive dissonance incredibly well when beliefs are on the line. Basically, they don't believe it because they don't want to believe it, and it's easier to just ignore the facts or become numb to the cognitive dissonance. 




 I 100% agree. I too have a copy from pirate bay, lol. I think the most "useful" one is the meat book 




 There is a TED talk where they discuss how they made the book. The work that went into it - well... I will eventually buy a physical copy out of respect. Some of those photos took weeks to create. 




 It would be a tie between my Antique copy of Larousse Gastronomique, and a really interesting one called "[In Memory's Kitchen](http://www.amazon.com/In-Memorys-Kitchen-Legacy-Terezin/dp/0742546462)." 

Neither one is a traditional "cookbook". Larousse is an encyclopedia that happens to have a lot of recipes in it, and my edition, 2nd, edition still has all of the cool quips and jokes before the editors advised they be removed. In Memory's Kitchen is... different. It is a compilation of recipes, written from memory, during the holocaust by concentration camp victims.


I love both because the recipes are very often just general guidelines. They aren't like modern recipes where you are walked step-by-step through every detail. Rather, you'll see an ingredient list and then "assemble like a pudding" or "prepare like a cookie." They are difficult, and you often have to do work. In the case of In Memory's Kitchen, a number of the recipes were written by people who were terrified for their lives and on on the brink of starvation, so some of the ingredients make no sense. The difficulty really drives home what the people were going through when you try to recreate the food. 




 Came here for tacos de lengua, leaving happy. Seriously one of the very best dishes you can make with tongue.

The other option is braise it until it is shreddable, but do NOT shred it. Peel it and put it in the fridge for a day to re-solidify. Warm in a steamer until it hits about 190 and then slice as thin as you can and serve on some crusty bread with horseradish and cheese. 




 Go out of your way to do something nice for her and let her know that you don't want to be a deadbeat. Make a nice candlelit dinner. Try to find some free things in the community to do together (free or cheap concerts, go to a museum, go walk around a park). Worry about building memories together and not necessarily spending money on her. Get across the point that you are trying.

Make a conscious effort to improve your financial situation - all the tools you need are available on the tubes for free. /r/personalfinance is a great place to start. The folks there are incredibly helpful. If you think this could go for the long haul, you owe it to the both of you to get over any bad habits you picked up from being in a low income/low NAV family. I'm *not* ragging on your family, I came from a low income family too. Usually not having any money comes from bad habits in conjunction with misfortune - stuff like not having an emergency fund, not budgeting, etc. You can be the one to change that. 




 Did you see the tread watch while you were there? I want to get one but I'm still having a hard time justifying the price. 




 Hello,
I just received further correspondence from the law firm that they need my name, date of birth, my parents names, and an ID number (such as passport). They also provided a copy of the PCC-3 form that they say it will be used for.

I'm working on translating it. My concern is that my passport number in the wrong hands is extremely problematic. Do you know if I can provide an anonymized version?

Sorry to lean on you for this, but I find myself in a rather uncomfortable position. I understand that there can be real consequences of not paying the tax, but I also understand that the ramifications of people opening up international accounts in my name is very very bad. 




 Hello,
I just received further correspondence from the law firm that they need my name, date of birth, my parents names, and an ID number (such as passport). They also provided a copy of the PCC-3 form that they say it will be used for.

I'm working on translating it. My concern is that my passport number in the wrong hands is extremely problematic. Do you know if I can provide an anonymized version? 




 The danger in ground beef comes from how it is processed. In most American meat processing plants, ground beef can contain meat from literally thousands of different animals. All it takes is one bad animal to contaminate thousands of packages.

However that doesn't mean you can't do it safely. If you start with a single good cut of meat (or a few good clean cuts of meat) and grind that on site, it is just as safe as eating a steak. The key is processing at a restaurant (or in a home) produces a product that is far less likely to have a contaminant. 

I usually take it as a sign that a restaurant cheaps out on ground beef if theu refuse to make me a rare burger.

If raw or rare ground beef could never be made safely, how would anyone make beef tartare? 




 First, always ALWAYS brine chicken breasts. There's just not enough fat to keep them moist otherwise unless you are perfect, and given salt and water are cheaper than chicken breasts it just makes sense to take the extra step.

Then I usually sear for about 2 minutes on each side and check temp. If I am not at 150 I will ginish in the oven.

You can also heat in the oven to 135 or so and then sear to finish on the stove. 




 His duck episode is legit. When I plan to cook the whole duck at once I usually go his route. 




 Eat this Rock.

I never understood how powerful salt was until watching that. It also started an entire career of canfy making for me by making the salted caramels.

Followed closely by "The Catfish Shall Rise Again". 




 Hm, usually I cook the barley separately with some beef stock.

To get it velvety, there are a few things you can do. First, make sure you cook the beef low and slow. The gelatin and collagen need to melt out of the meat and into the cooking liquid which happens above 190 degrees (f).

After cooking, strain off the cooking liquid and reduce it until it is closer to what you want (French cooks look for it to be napp, which is when it will coat the back of a spoon, and you can draw a line across the back of the spoon with your finger that holds its shape).

You can also add some bloomed unflavored gelatin.

Once you have the broth where you want it add back to the meat and stir in the barley.

For the "not too beefy" flavor, use mostly chicken stock in the stewing liquid (usually ill do 3 cups chicken to one cup beef). Also when browning your veggies, add about a tbsp of tomato paste and about 1 tsp of anchovy paste. Cook for a minute or two until it Is rust colored and fragrant. Then add a little flour and stir and cook for a minute or so. 




 Probably the only one who will say it, but I freaking love pickled herring. 




 Go as big as you can afford. Lodge is awesome, amazingly enough so are the food network and Mario Batali ones.

For your first one I would HIGHLY recommend you get an enameled dutch oven. If you cook acidic foods in a cast iron dutch oven you will not only end up with some really nasty flavors, but you can damage the pot. If you were using it for short fast bursts of cooking it would be less of a deal, but usually you go low and slow in a dutch oven so it becomes a bigger problem. 




 I don't peel unless necessary for presentation. The skin is where a number of vitamins and a large amount of fiber are located so you're really doing a disservice bu removing it.

Just wash thuroughly. 




 Tofu parm.

Buy a brick or two of firm tofu but do NOT freeze it. Slice into 8-16 slices, coat with a mix of breadcrumbs, oregano and parmesean cheese with a tsp of baking soda mixed in. Brown in a skillet with two tbsp oil.

In an appropriately sized cooking dish, pour some tomato sauce (9x13 should work). Lay out the slices of tofu, overlapping if you need. Add the rest of the sauce until coated completely. Top with a generous amount of mozz/italian shredded cheese and some more parmesean. 

Serve with some pasta and a salad. 




 Do both. They aren't mutually exclusive.

Usually I use a rub as a dry brine. Rub the day before and include a good bit of kosher salt (usually for a 5lb butt I use 1-2 tbsp), and whatever spices you'd like.

Before cooking, pat dry with a towel and sear in a ripping hot pan on one or two sides.  You can probably sear about 8 mins a side.

Then add to your dutch oven, add enough cooking liquid until the meat is between half and mostly covered, and bring to a simmer, then put in a low oven (between 275 and 325) for a few hours.

Check with a fork, if it feels tough, put it back in the oven for a half hour.

Braising is basically foolproof. 




 Brine the duck. 

You need to give yourself as much buffer as possible because the breasts and leg/thigh cook to very different temps at rather different rates. Thats why most recipes call for breaking down the duck, it lets you treat the quarters differently.

When you roast whole you lose that flexability, and run into a very real risk of having the breast turn into cardboard by the time the thighs and legs are done.

It CAN be done, but you will definitely benefit from brining to give you some extra buffer for the breasts. 




 There are several things that make food go bad. Bacteria, fungus, and oxygen just to name the big ones.

The first two we can control via sterilization or pasteurization. Cooking essentially falls between the two (leaning a bit towards sterilization). The act of cooking essentially wipes out most of the "bad bugs" in your food. However, it doesn't remove any toxins or waste products that they may have already created. It also doesn't prevent them from coming back.

So cook first, serve later. If you dont think you will use it, cook and then freeze. 




 I have a dream of opening either a late night diner, or a public house. In either case, I know I need to better understand the "little things" about running a kitchen.

How do I plan a menu? How do I budget for supplies? How do I figure out how much to make? How are the different stations organized? How do I delegate work?

Stuff like that - things an amateur wouldn't know but someone who has gone to culinary school or hospitality school WOULD know. There's a marked difference between hosting a group of friends and hosting a ton of folks at a restaurant.

I have never worked in a real restaurant outside of a pretzel making job (and silly me didn't realize the meaning of the fact that it was the happiest I'd ever been at a job). I know these fine points are what usually kill most restaurants, so I want to learn them... somehow. My work schedule blocks me from getting a part time job at a restaurant or attending culinary school, so I am almost entirely self taught.

We have several soup kitchens in our city, and I was thinking - wouldn't this be a great place to cut my teeth and learn a lot of that stuff for free? Would skills learned there be applicable? I know most are on tight budgets, they have full kitchens, but I know many essentially serve from cans. It isn't perfect, but it seems like the experience cooking on a budget for a crowd is really what I would get out of it. Plus, y'know, the good feels.

I'm just looking for feedback from anyone who has commercial kitchen or restaurant experience who may be able to tell me how applicable the experiences would be. 




 Depending on the alloy though. Like, 300 series stainless, it gets exponentially harder to work with every time you do something to it. 




 Hey everyone.
A buddy of mine has what I believe is the metal gear solid legacy collection for PS3. However, every video/unboxing I find has the game in a plastic case. His case is Metal, very similar to the special case that came with Beyond: Two Souls.

For the life of me I haven't been able to find a copy of the legacy collection with the metal case, or any of the other collections for that matter.

Does anyone know what this is? 




 Moloko aka Risn Murphy. 




 Hands down one of my very favorite music styles.  




 Edit: accidental repost

HAHA I suck cocks! 




 Especially they aren't wearing chainmail gloves. Holy hell. 




 Sir, you are brilliant.  I would like to subscribe to your newsletter. 




 Garlic custard.
http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/garlic-custards-recipe.html

Also goes very well with crown rack of lamb. 




 OP I feel you. I am on the board of directors for a company, and since I am the only one who works in the nearest large city, I have to attend and represent the company.

I literally sit there, look around at people talking, and drink beer until the bartender shoos me away. 




 Damn, Dolores O'roirdan is still flipping gorgeous.  




 ...with the fist of an angry god. 




 How the fuck did he pass the medical licensing exams? What licensure board lets this happen? 




 Yeah, I do have to concede on that one. The price they get on the bulk buys of chickens is absurd. I can usually get a roaster pretty cheap but not THAT cheap. 




 You can make it better, have a little confidence in your ability to learn. Remember - Julia Child didn't learn how to cook until her late 30's and look what came of her :)

Cooking is just a collection of different techniques you apply, I promise, you are totally capable of doing it. I'm saying this as someone who teaches cooking classes. I have yet to meet someone who is unable to learn unless they've convinced themselves they can't. 




 God damn that is a gorgeous dog! 




 Our grocery store sells bags of hard boiled eggs for $7. First, that's a 250% markup. Second, HARD BOILED EGGS. 




 It is so sad. At least he is in good hands now. Hopefully Death brought his kittens.

http://fc05.deviantart.net/fs70/i/2012/073/b/9/death_and_kittens_by_powermadmistress-d4sqc98.jpg 




 There is almost no prepared food in the grocery store that can't be made better at home with minimal effort and lower costs. 




 Oooh, too soon? 




 Just now watched the recent [NOVA episode on sinkhole formation](http://video.pbs.org/video/2365411270/), and one of the major items it covered was the formation of the [Bayou Corne Sinkhole](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bayou_Corne_sinkhole). The sinkhole was caused by injecting water into salt domes, which slowly dissolved, causing a massive sinkhole several football fields wide, and massive leaks of natural gas to escape. Several communities had to be abandoned, still others are in danger.

The process of salt brining involves injecting water into salt mines to dissolve the salt, and then the salty water is pumped out.

It occurred to me that this process is not unlike hydraulic fracturing OR deep injection wells. Both are usually done in limestone rich areas, and limestone, like salt, is water soluble. This seems like it's a ticking timebomb for the surface. Yet hydraulic fracturing and deep injection wells are constantly advertised as safe.

Some of the events preceding massive sinkholes were bubbling up natural gas into local aquifers and surface water. Also, they were paired with earthquakes. I live in a state (Pennsylvania) with hydraulic fracturing, and have personally seen well water that reeks of diesel gas near fracking wells. In addition, the USGS has stated that [hydraulic fracturing is causing earthquakes](http://www.usgs.gov/blogs/features/usgs_top_story/man-made-earthquakes/). 

Is there another factor involved here that allows hydraulic fracturing to be safe? Is this just whitewashing a real potential catastrophe? What makes hydraulic fracturing and deep injection wells different from the processes experienced in the Bayou Corne sinkhole? 




 You know ima let you finish but no. 




 Whoever downvoted you is a moran. Paul Harvey was the man. I grew up listening to "The Rest of the Story" every morning/evening on AM radio. 




 I don't think so. Kaufman actually did some really cool things if you were smart/intellectual enough to understand it. Like reading Great Gatsby for an auditorium of people who wanted to watch an hour of him pretending to be a character from Taxi. 




 Just saying, your mom rocks. 




 Excellent - I'll check it out. Hopefully they're registered in the state where they're located... if not I'm guessing Delaware is a safe second guess. 




 USA
Pretty simple question I hope. How can I look up a corporation's charter, and legally required public announcement of formation?

Is there a free way to do it? I am basically trying to find out a listing of the founding board members for a particular corporation.


Edit: Holy cow, thank you all for the great responses! I managed to hunt down the company - they were registered in a neighboring state from where they currently reside. Thank you! 




 This could totally explain why it isn't shown on the w-2s then! I saw some sites (non-IRS) that stated it was only valid for undergrad education though, so it looks like that may be old info. 




 Thank you! Ultimately it would be a difference of a few hundred dollars back on our refund so I'd like to find out how to approach it correctly.

I can see the two reimbursement payments for the school which completely cover the cost of tuition. However if the school considered it part of income, then we should still get credit for it since you're not supposed to include income from your w-2 as part of employer sponsored education assistance. 

But if it's tax free, then we can't take it. 

But then I would think the employer would need to call it out on the W-2, right? It's certainly a head scratcher for me! 




 So, my wife is a music teacher. She finished her masters degree last summer. We are located in Pennsylvania.

As a teacher, she does receive tuition reimbursement from her school. However I have found mixed information about whether or not tuition reimbursement is tax free or if it counts as taxable income. Specifically, it seems to meet all of the criteria EXCEPT it was used for graduate classes, which don't seem to be tax exempt.

The riembursement is not marked off on her W-2.

I would assume that I enter the cost of tuition, and then enter the same value for the riembursement? If it isn't clearly indicated on the W-2, that would imply it was tax free, right? 




 Will rate up for dog pictures!
I'll see if I cant get a pic of my hound up this evening. 




 Well, the guy is the one on trial, not her. So if you can do anything at all to cast doubt on his case, you're not only sowing seeds of doubt in the minds of jurors, but in many cases you can use it as a strategy to appeal down the road OR for getting a smaller sentence.

In this case, you can claim there is doubt that he was the driver. You can say that her purse was on his side of the car. Anything to cast doubt on his guilt. Remember, all it takes is one juror to say not guilty.

In this case, it was pretty much rock solid, but in a lot of cases sowing doubt and blaming other people can provide enough doubt to keep your client free. The prosecutor then has to prove that those people couldn't have done it, and prove that the doubts are unfounded. 




 Heh, no. Nice suits reference though. 




 Anecdote:
When I was still in pre-law, I had an internship at a very successful law firm. I was focused on constitutional law. I wanted to fight "the man" and protect "the little guy." My plan was to work for the ACLU. OR, to go into corporate litigation and go after companies who wrecked the planet and abused people. But an internship at a defense firm was where I started.

A client of ours had gotten shitty drunk, and got into his car with his girlfriend. He drove headfirst into a cement embankment going well over 100mph. He was wearing his seatbelt in the driver seat, and survived. She wasn't - she was thrown through the windshield about 60 feet from the vehicle. She also survived... if you want to call it living. She suffered massive internal injuries, just about every bone in her body busted, crushed spine, etc. She had been a pretty, young, straight A student, huge dreams and potential. 2 years later when this was in trial, she was still in the hospital being put back together.

My mentor handed me the case file and told me to find a way to put this girl in the driver's seat. I saw the crime scene photos. I saw what she looked like beforehand. I realized I would be telling the public "well the truth is THIS WOMAN drove into the embankment! It's all HER fault!" I felt nauseous and realized there was just no way I could do it. I couldn't, ON PUBLIC RECORD, try to victimize someone who had already lost so much for one stupid decision. I read through, couldn't find anything despite some halfhearted looking, and gave the file back to the lead attorney and said there wasn't anything.

I also saw my mentor on multiple occasions literally get up and walk out on people who desperately needed his help because they couldn't afford to retain him for $5k+. Folks begging him for help. Folks who were beat up on at protests. Folks who got caught with a dime bag of weed and were unlucky to be faced with a DA who wanted to make a name. One kid was assaulted with a baseball bat at a rest stop, so he pulled a pocket knife and stabbed the other guy. The DA wanted to charge him with aggravated assault because apparently there was a juvenile record. And my mentor just shrugged his shoulders at desperate crying people who had huge chunks of their lives on the line, and calmly walk out of the room. He just looked at me and said "they almost always come up with the money when they realize you don't owe them help."

I have huge respect for people who can do defense law. But a lot of time there is either a blatant coldness, a certain amount of moral flexibility, or a certain amount of moral dedication to the idea that everyone deserves an ardent defense no matter the cost... maybe some of each... that defense attorneys have. I just didn't have it.

At the end of that internship I dropped out of prelaw. 




 Honestly? I completely disagree. Traditional power companies will try to put them out of business, but companies like Google will fight it tooth and nail because it would be significantly more cost effective to build a small power plant than it would be to pay for the cost of power for a series of datacenters. 




 She started out on classical guitar. I'm pretty sure she knows it already. 




 Hey everyone
A few years ago, I made absolutely KILLER cupcakes. They were chocolate stout cupcakes with a chocolate stout ganache frosting, topped with a raspberry.

There was also a filling that, if I remember correctly, was made with pureed raspberries, lindemans framboise lambic, heavy cream, and some sugar (possibly some other ingredients I can't remember). The resulting product was about the consistency of a pudding. It made a wonderful filling for the cupcakes, and the leftovers made a wonderful standalone dessert on their own.

For the life of me though, I can't find the recipe for it anymore. Can anyone help?

I have found these two:

http://ohmyveggies.com/recipe-chocolate-lambic-cupcakes-with-raspberry-cream-cheese-frosting/

This recipe produces a final product that LOOKS like what I made, but I absolutely didn't use cream cheese. The pictures are good for a reference.

http://www.beercook.com/details.htm?record_id=3d56c9a17e7637d7_97910

This one is CLOSE. I may use the ice cream base without the puree, reduce it a bit beyond nappe, cool, and stir in the puree to loosen it up to a pipeable consistency.

Has anyone made anything like this before that could help? Sadly raspberries are out of season so I won't be able to afford taking more than one shot at it. 




 I saw that... it honestly made me wonder if maybe she was playing rocksmith. Not that there is anything wrong with that - I also started with classical guitar, and I love me some rocksmith. 




 That sounds exactly like where I am! 

I have a classical, a strat, and a little martin... any suggestion on what the best to learn it on would be? The nylon strings are the most forgiving but sometimes it's easier to learn on the steel strings... 




 I honestly felt the same way. Especially when he had both of their weight on that floppy ass diving board. She seems cute enough, it'd be a shame for her to get hurt. 




 If you are doing individual stocks and you aren't an institutional investor, you may want to check out robinhood (not sure if it's public or if they still have a waiting list). No commissions on basic trades. There are some big limitations... you need to be using IOS for starters. And not all stocks are available. But for the majority of my single-company stuff they've worked out extremely well. 




 First, I'd see if you can get mom and dad to find a 1/2 or 3/4 scale guitar. It would be way easier to learn on. Not that it can't be done, but it'll be way easier.

I would stick with teaching music. Songs. Some scales would be fine. Teach her to improv on some pentatonic scales so she can learn to make her own songs. Kids that age are a bundle of learning ability and don't have the hangups adults do. Improv would be choice. Even just one or two notes and build from there.

Theory is simply beyond someone her age right now. There's a lot of abstract concepts that, while they have good justifications behind them, most kids simply won't be able to get (why are there 12 notes? what is a note? what is a semitone? What is the 12th root of 2? Why is A 440hz? What is a hertz? what is an interval?).

Send me a PM reminder and I'll talk to my wife when she wakes up. She's a professional band teacher for elementary students, but most of her kids don't start until about age 10. She may have some ideas. 




 I've tried the following:

* Arching my finger
* Tilting my finger so it's against the corner/side of the finger instead of the bottom
* Holding my guitar like I play classical and letting gravity pull my hand down on to the fretboard
* Just pressing with all of my strength

No matter what I do, i can't get strings 1, 2, and 3 to sound clearly. Usually 4, 5 and 6 sound ok.

I have really short fat fingers, so the area that is causing problems is really fleshy/chubby. Any tips would be really helpful. 




 OP needs to listen to the sing "Common People" by Pulp. It sums it up well.

No, you may not have money, but you'll also never have any idea what it's like to choose between food and rent, or what it's like to live on the street because a boss decided his son needed the job more than you before rent was due. You'll always have a safety net. A lot of people dont have that luxury.

I'm not trying to belittle your situation OP, but it sounds like you have a lot more than you realize. 




 Honestly, I use it for their portfolio builder these days, I can't invest in the individual funds as cheaply as I can invest via SB.

A long while ago when I invested in single stocks their automatic investment was a great deal. Not nearly so much anymore thanks to robinhood. 




 Pretty simple question. At the end of last month, they sent an email that they had an extension until the 12th of March. As of a few days ago, I received a new one saying they had an extension until the 18th.

What is the point of having a deadline for the materials if a brokerage can keep extending ad infinitum?

My account is just a series of funds, so it shouldn't be anything complex. Specifically, this is the message I have been receiving:

 As a result of the reallocation of dividends for certain securities you hold, your official 1099 tax form(s) will be available no later than March 18, an IRS approved extension. For details see the icon to the right. 




 "Quick, congress, I need approval to commission Motorboat 1" 




 Did you give him grief for screwing over Pluto? :) 




 As mentioned, this is a question about US law. This is mostly hypothetical, though it is also concerning a number of leaks about a company I used to have a business relationship with that have come out over the past 2 days. A number of people would like to see the company prosecuted for defrauding tons of investors, and the leaks are extremely damning.

To my knowledge, the constitutional protection against illegal search and seizure protects you from the government illegally searching you. However, another person like a thief or a hacker is certainly not the government. So if they uncover evidence of a crime being performed (suppose they hack into someone's email account), that should be admissible, correct? Because it wasn't a government agent who took it illegally? 




 So, my brother and his wife have consistently had financial issues. They are well over a quarter million dollars in debt, they both work minimum wage jobs. They have two kids that both have medical issues.

A few months ago they ran a gofundme campaign to raise money for their plight - as far as I know they raised several thousand dollars.

I am in significantly better financial shape. I use kickstarter occasionally because I like to help get businesses off the ground, and it's a great way to get fun art and gadgets for around my house. Well, it turns out my sister-in-law is using kickstarter too.

Daily.

Like - almost every day I get a notice that she has contributed to something. But then a few hours later I see posts on facebook from either her or my brother that they're hurting so badly financially that they don't know how they'll make ends meet, etc.

Then I think about all of their friends that they suckered in with their gofundme thing.

I really want to call them out on it. Should I? 




 Hey everyone. I got my LXME earlier this week, and it sounds great. It's meant to be a travel guitar for me, so it isn't super fancy. I picked up a strap as well. I have no problem attaching the strap on the heel. 

The problem comes up when I try to attach the strap to the end pin. It's about 3x the diameter of the pin on the heel because it's also accommodating a 1/4" jack. Working it a bit I was able to get it to fit, but there are still tabs of leather sticking out everywhere and it seems very insecure.

Is there a trick I'm missing? Is this normal? Should I just rig something else to make it work? Can I cut out some more of the leather to make it fit? 




 Hey everyone - hopefully this is a simple question. I am trying to send a letter to a Tax Attorney in Poland. I used the USPS calculator here:
http://postcalc.usps.com/

And it says that the product "international letter" for less than 1 ounce is $1.15.

Can I just attach 3 forever stamps? Or do I need to take it in to a post office to ship? 














 Any help would be appreciated...

Este nevoie de o zi de sptmn de administrare care se utilizeaz cteva zile mai devreme 




 This should be a very simple request. I'm still new and don't have a very good ear yet. It sounds really easy, I just can't quite figure it out. It's just chords.

Here is a youtube vid:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mnvf9f_3RmU 




 It seems whenever I post about something like it on this sub, I get rated down but no one is ever willing to offer constructive criticism to help me ask the right people. I'm just trying to find the right place to ask.

For example:
http://www.reddit.com/r/Guitar/comments/2wubf1/can_anyone_tell_me_the_chords_in_i_hate_the_man/

No comments, just a rate down.

Is there a sub dedicated to tabbing or figuring out how to play songs? 









 So, I personally find I like playing with my nails vs using alaska piks, fingertips, or other fingerpicks. 

I've never really been one who had to worry about having a manicure kit, so I'm learning how to handle all of the care-and-feeding of having slightly longer nails.

What do you recommend putting in a "nail kit?" I've seen some for sale from companies like Savarez, but it seems like $40-50 is awful pricy for what looks like a few emory boards, some press ons, some sandpaper, some resin, and some silk.

So, for those of you who play with nails, what do you keep on hand to both shape, maintain, and repair your nails?

I've also seen the Mel Bay "Guitarist guide to fingernails" mentioned some places, but I wasn't sure if it's really worthwhile to spend the cash on such a narrowly focused book. 




 Just an esoteric post because it's lunchtime and the smells are overwhelming. 

Currently wafting from our work pantry/kitchen are the fragrances from an amazing assortment of different curries, daals, kadhi and more. No matter where I go in the building, I can't escape that incredible sweet-spicy smell. Every pantry is the same way. It's both divine and torturous at the same time. It's like standing outside a restaurant but not being able to go inside.

Does anyone else work in an office with lots of foreign workers? I can't be the only one who undergoes this torture on a daily basis. I guess I'll just softly weep into my sandwich :'(


TLDR: Indian co-workers are reheating their homemade leftovers, and it makes me want Indian food. 









 So, I know this song is simple. I have been playing for less than a year and have a really hard time playing by ear. There seem to be no tabs or chords available for it.

Would anyone be able to tell me the chords?  I can figure out the strum pattern from there. 

Here is the song:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mnvf9f_3RmU 




 I am located in Pennsylvania, USA. A few months ago, on a lark, I saw a small bitcoin point-of-sale that was running an initial offering in a Polish Joint Stock Company. I had some play money, so I invested. Worst case? It's a scam. Best case? I help get a business I believe in get off the ground. The investment was in bitcoin and I had some bitcoin on hand, I figured what the heck.

Well, as of today I received my stock certificate. In addition, I also received a form letter, and  surprising to me, a power of attorney form. 

The body of the form letter:
 Dear Sir, Acting as the Board of Management of InPay S.A. with its seat in Warsaw (register number 0000512707; herinafter referred to as "COMPANY", we would like to kindly thank you for your interest in the activities of the Company. Regarding to the completion of the public offering, subscription and allotment of shares, hereby we state that on 22-10-2014 was concluded a contract of purchase registered shares of the Company, which shall enter into force on the date of receipt the document of shares, on the basis of which you acquired 10 Company's registered shares of A Series with numbers from 64122 to 64131.

 Therefore, please find attached to this letter the document of company's shares which is corresponding to the substance of the contract referred to the above.

 Simultaneously, we would like to inform you of the obligation to pay tax on civil law transactions in respect to the conclusion of the contract, which should be paid to the proper tax office within 14 days from receipt the document of the Company's shares, according to the Act of 9th September 2000 about Tax on Civil Law Transactions (you can find a consolidated text of this act in polish law gazette under the number: Dz.U.2010.101.649). In order to facilitate the fulfillment of the obligation described above, we would like to offer the possibility of preparing and filing the appropriate tax declaration with the payment also of that tax. **For this purpose we submit the attached power of attorney to sign, upon receipt of which we will make the payment of this tax to the proper tax office.** Please send this power of attorney directly to the law firm, which is cooperating with us, on the address which is indicated in the document of power of attorney. Sincerely (president, management board member).



The power of attorney form requests me to:


 "grant power of attorney to a tax advisor (name) to prepare, sign submit, and to represent me before the proper tax office in the issue of submitting the tax return no. PCC-3, in respect of purchase contract of the share/shares of InPay S.A. (polish joint stock company) with its seat in Warsaw (register no. 0000512707), which have been concluded between me and that company."

I've attached images of the 3 documents (including the sealed, watermarked share certificate). http://imgur.com/a/bSLUG

I have 3 concerns -

1. Does this look legitimate? Does it look like a scam? Having foreign nationals have power of attorney to submit taxes for me raised my suspicions a bit.

1. If it is legitimate, the sale completed back in November. If they want me to return it to Poland within 10 days, that's going to be nigh impossible. How much leeway is given? Is it only the postmark date that is important?

1. Did I open a can of worms investing like this? I figured it would be fun, but I have to admit I didn't fully think of all of the consequences of the investment. It's tiny, but still I want to CMA.

Any help would be really appreciated.


Edit: added emphasis 




 Sadly it takes having some extra ingredients on hand and a few hours of work, but one little (well, 6lbs) duck's sacrifice gives me the following:

* 4 meals (2 breasts, 2 leg quarters)
*  1 pint of rendered duck fat (no idea exactly how much, i used about 2/3 cup making roasted root veggies)
* about 3/4 cup of duck liver pat
* 1 quart bag of dog treats (rendered duck skin rinds)
* 1 quart of duck stock

IMO, it's the single most versatile animal for home cooking. The only thing that comes close is a pig, and I can't really buy a whole hog at a time like I can with a duck.

I wonder why they aren't more common in American kitchens? There's pretty much nothing to waste.

Sorry there aren't any pictures - too busy cooking to take any :) 




 So, I am trying to remember what episode this was. 

Basically, I remember a number of quotes along the lines of "Americans have it so good that all they can do to fill their time is complain about everything."

For the life of me I can't remember if it's the episode about smug, the episode about the economy, or something else. I just remember that the point was that people who complain all the time are people whose lives are so good they don't realize it.

Anyone have any ideas? 




 Hey everyone! My teacher and I have been working through the Parkening method book, and recently we added in the Pumping Nylon technique book.

I have been mostly focused on the finger independence exercises.

If I leave my middle finger planted on the third string, at first it was almost impossible for me to put my ring finger on the first string. I had to use my other hand and push the finger down.

After two weeks, it will go down there on its own but the movement to get it down there seems like it is in slow motion, and it almost never sounds clearly. It also makes my hand ache for a good half hour afterwards. If I move it up to the 6 th string, 90% of the time the middle finger comes up with it, even when I am consciously telling my hand not to move my middle finger.

Do some people just have really "stuck together" middle and ring fingers? Will I work through this? Is it a normal part of developing finger independence?

I was expecting the little finger to be way worse, but I don't seem to have any issues with that one. Just the ring finger. 




 A buddy of mine has been attempting to sell and then backing off of selling this guitar for years. In college it was his baby, so he is hesitant to part with it. But he never plays, so it jas been languising in his basement for nearly a decade.

So I asked him if I could long term borrow, and if he ever decided he wanted to sell, I would buy it. That way he could always get it back if he wanted.

Anyways, I got it set up, but he has 3 of the tremolo springs missing, the backplate is missing, and the tremolo bar is missing. I want to replace the missing parts (probably not the springs because I don't want to set it up again and it plays nicely).

I've found a replacement backplate, but I see hundreds of different tremolo bar options.  I tried reaching out to fender but got no response. Can anyone link me to the correct one? 

Feel free to use an amazon aff link if you want to get a few cents off the purchase, its the least I can do.

This is basically the exact guitar (sunburst with gold hardware):
http://www.musiciansfriend.com/guitars/fender-deluxe-players-stratocaster-electric-guitar 




 Hey everyone. I want to make black pudding for an Irish breakfast party we are having sunday. For the life of me, I cannot track down pig blood. None of our butchers carry it (going so far as to claim it's illegal for them to sell). None of the meat processors will work with us.

An Ethnic Chinese market near us sells quarts of frozen cooagulated pig blood. Every black pudding/boudin noir recipe I can find calls for fresh though (going so far as to strain out anything that is coagulated).

Does it matter if it's been coagulated? Is it TRULY necessary?

After researching, [pig blood curd](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pig_blood_curd), the stuff the Chinese market has, is usually just blood that has been left sitting for a few minutes to solidify and then it is frozen. The way to serve it is to cut into cubes and poach. Similarly, black pudding is mixed, cased and poached. So it seems like the processes are not entirely different. 









 Just curious - is this expected? When I launch through steam, it seems like steam has all of my profile info saved. But if I try to click on dlc, it tells me I have to set up "external purchases in steam." However if I exit steam and then launch, uplay works properly.

Is there any way to make it work properly with steam? 




 Hey everyone. I want to make black pudding for an Irish breakfast party we are having sunday. For the life of me, I cannot track down pig blood. None of our butchers carry it (going so far as to claim it's illegal for them to sell). None of the meat processors will work with us.

An Ethnic Chinese market near us sells quarts of frozen cooagulated pig blood. Every black pudding/boudin noir recipe I can find calls for fresh though (going so far as to strain out anything that is coagulated).

Does it matter if it's been coagulated? Is it TRULY necessary?

After researching, [pig blood curd](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pig_blood_curd), the stuff the Chinese market has, is usually just blood that has been left sitting for a few minutes to solidify and then it is frozen. The way to serve it is to cut into cubes and poach. Similarly, black pudding is mixed, cased and poached. So it seems like the processes are not entirely different. 




 In the exercise, it says that you are looking to snap the second finger on to the string to create the snappy yet even tone. However it also says that as soon as you have applied the second finger you're not supposed to apply extra pressure.

After playing with it, i've found if I completely relax the second finger while leaving it on the string it mutes, creating a nice staccato sound. If I leave it with some pressure the note keeps ringing producing a nice legato sound.

Which is correct for practicing the exercise? It just says not to apply extra pressure, not whether or not you should remove all pressure. 




 Simple question I hope. My bonus came in and I am looking to pick up a little martin LXME for when I am traveling.

Basically everywhere you look the price is the same, and pretty much all of them have free shipping. Are there any vendors that differentiate themselves by including a bunch of extras?

Stuff like extra picks, strings, etc? 




 Hey everyone. We have a 51" Samsung PN51e7000 plasma TV. My wife tends to be the one who uses smarthub, and lately things like netflix and amazon prime video have been freezing up, causing the tv to hard reset itself.

I've tried doing firmware upgrades and downgrades and gotten nowhere.

So, I started looking at the smart upgrade kits that are made available for smarthub. I know the sek1000 can be had for under $100, but I figure if I am doing it I may as well go with the latest and greatest.

For those of you who have used the upgrade kit - how well does it work? Are the problems with freezing apps gone (googling around this doesn't seem to be an uncommon problem)? Do you NEED to use the new remote? Does the new remote replace the old remote entirely, or is it only for smarthub?

Just trying to get a feel for the product and if it's worth it to drop 150+$ 




 Hey everyone.
I am looking to rebalance my portfolio over the next few weeks. I currently have about 1k invested across the following funds, with 50$ being added weekly and an additional 750$ quarterly:

* 7% - EWX (SPDR emerging small cap etf)
* 17% - PID (PowerShares International Dividend Achievers Portfolio)
* 10% - SCHA (Schwab U S Small Cap ETF)
* 17% - SCHM (Schwab US Mid-Cap)
* 4% - VNQ (Vanguard REIT Index Fund)
* 30% - VONV (Vanguard russell 1000)
* 15% - VOOG (Vanguard SP500 Growth index fund)

In addition, I am making the 3k minimum investment into VPAIX (Vanguard long term tax free PA Muni bond fund). I'm a PA resident, so it seems like a no-brainer to add it to my portfolio.

However, once this is added I will have to rebalance out my portfolio - the muni bonds would make up 75% of the portfolio. I want to try to stick to the Ben Graham 50% stock/50% bonds (leaning as far as 75%/25% based on market conditions) suggestions. How much of my portfolio should go into those tax free muni bonds? Should I look at adding another bond fund as well? 




 Hello everyone. I am looking to help diversify my portfolio by investing in VPAIX (a vanguard tax free PA muni bond). I am a resident of PA, so it makes the most sense for me.

In the past week or so as I was assembling the minimum investment, my sharebuilder account now seems to show that the fund is closed to new investors. However my fidelity account gives no such warning.

Is this just a website thing? Is it possible for new investors to be blocked from one brokerage but not another?

Checking on the vanguard website, there doesn't seem to be any indication that the fund is closed but I don't have an account there to really be sure. 




 I know the books were originally released in Polish, then the video games were made. I haven't played them, but the world caught my fancy.

After the games were made, the books were translated by fans and then official translations were released.

So, that said, I began reading the Last Wish 2 days ago. I've been surprised that the book is actually VERY readable. Not a masterwork thus far, but good enough I keep wanting to read more.

I suppose I am so used to video game related books to be... Well... Terrible.

So who else has read them? Your thoughts? Are all of the translations decent? 














 The caps are intentional.
Growing up, I was raised to know there is a difference between hot cocoa, and hot chocolate. Hot cocoa is based on just that - cocoa. Hot chocolate includes both cocoa solids and cocoa butter.

I can find tons of recipes that use just cocoa, but I can't find any for hot chocolate/hot drinking chocolate.

Does anyone have any decent recipes they could share? I haven't been able to find it since I was in belgium, and with the snow I'm going nuts! 









 Pretty simple question. I know they both effectively mean the same thing in practice, but can someone explain what nolo contendere really means to set it apart from guilty?

Location: Pennsylvania 









 I haven't been able to find an answer to this anywhere. Do the little martins use a nitrocellulose, polyurethane, or laquer finish?

I'm looking at purchasing an LXME for traveling, but I can't seem to get an answer about this question. 




 Just curious who out there has purchased one of these guys? How do you like it?

I am considering picking up one of the HPL little martins with my bonus from work in a few weeks for when my wife and I travel. I thought that it might be fun to pick up one with a pickup and connect a tonewoodamp to it for some neat effects while we're camping, but I'm not sure how well the TWA works, or how well it would work on a parlor guitar. 




 Hey everyone.
In june of last year I purchased a kremona f65c. I have been using the stock strings since then, practicing about 1-2 hours a day daily. None of the steel strings have any visual degradation like steel strings would, except you can see marks from the fret wire on them - specifically the steel strings. They still seem to be ok and are keeping tune just fine.

The only issue I seem to be running into is that g# on the 3rd string (first fret) refuses to play clearly. Where everything else on the guitar rings nicely, this makes more of a "thud" sound. I've had people suggest it could be a wolf tone, but when I play g# elsewhere it rings cleanly so that seems unlikely. Other suggestions were it could be the strings, or it could be a problem with the guitar.

So, does it sound like time to change my strings? Could it resolve my g# issue? How do i know what strings the guitar shipped with? When I bought the guitar the guitar shop gave me a pack of d'addario pro arte normal tension strings, but I'm concerned using them if the tension/weight is wrong because I don't want to damage the guitar (I know that changing string weight can cause other guitars to need to be re-setup because of tension on the neck changing the action, but a setup is less of an option on a classical with no truss rod). 

Do classical strings age faster or slower than steel strings? Am I due for a change? 




 Hey everone. First, an apology. I am a newbie when it comes to tea, and I am posting this using a mobile app so I cannot see the sidebar. I hope discussion of specific brands isn't prohibited (since I already seem to have gotten a rate down). 

A year ago a coworker gave me a box of tea - he called it "red tea". After some help on /r/translation I have found it is   (xin xiang brand tai guan yin tea).  It's a type of oolong tea.

I have fallen in love with this tea. After some research I've learned that the traditional varities count themselves among some of the most expensive tea on earth, and usually it comes in single serving packets. 

I would like to purchase more, specifically the Muzha variety (he described it as red tea, so that would make the most sense right?). I have had no luck finding the same brand.

However for the life of me I can't find much more information. I can't really go to a store and buy more, so I was hoping there are notable trustworthy brands.

Any advice for a relative tea newbie who wants to track down more of this awesome tea?? Preferably in relative bulk?

Really any help would be appreciated. 




 Can anyone tell me what brand of tea this is? It was a gift from a Chinese coworker and I'd like to buy more because it is quite good.

Hopefully this image is clear enough:
http://imgur.com/jaTk5dr 









 Hello everyone. My wife and I are planning our vacation this year - a little 2 week roadtrip through the Finger Lakes in NY for wine tours, and then the Canadian side of Niagara falls for 3 days, and then south to Falling Water (the famous Frank Lloyd Wright home) southwest of Pittsburgh.

Currently we are planning to travel from our home to the Finger Lakes first, and while in wine country of course purchase a healthy amount of wine for our personal enjoyment.

My concern is about crossing the border into Canada with a case or two of wine, and then back into the US. I know that it really comes down to the border agent whether or not they want to hassle you about "personal use" amounts.

Since it would have been purchased in the US, do I have to declare it when entering Canada? Do I have to declare it when coming back into the US (we obviously will keep receipts)?

I'm just trying to figure out if we need to reverse the order of places we are planning to visit so the Finger Lakes is on the last leg, but we had really hoped to enjoy sitting on our hotel room's balcony, watching the falls, and drinking some wine.

Any thoughts would be very much appreciated. 




 So, for christmas my wife purchased a stationary trainer for my bike. I have been using it periodically since. When I set it up, i replaced my brooks saddle with the stock saddle for the bike, thinking the more race-oriented saddle would be a good way to go.

However, after about 30-35 minutes on the trainer, my groin/penis goes numb. Not "my foot is asleep" numb, but completely dead to sensation. Sensation comes back after about 5 minutes of being off the trainer and everything is ok.

I am, I think quite reasonably, concerned about this. I have heard about poor fitting saddles putting pressure on nerves to the side of the groin, but never anything that would directly impact the genitals.

Does this signify I need a new saddle? Do i need to adjust the saddle? This is the first time this has happened to me so I'm kind of at a loss. 




 Hello everyone. I am trying to verify the authenticity of what I think could be the first copy of a first edition of a book from a rather famous artist (Ralph Steadman). The book is little.com. 

While in Paris on our honeymoon, my wife and I stopped by Shakespeare and Co. The store is split into the main store, and a rare and antique books section next to it. Being an antique book lover, I stopped in.

There I beheld this guy. A signed first edition copy of little.com by Ralph Steadman, one of my favorite artists. Further, it seemed to match up with the books own claim to being part of a limited edition run of 300 books. Even more, it claimed to be number 1 out of those 300. Considering the price of 40 EUR, I thought it was too good of a chance to pass up and picked it up.

The imgur album shows off the book, but it also shows the part that has me concerned about the authenticity of the book.

The copyright mentions the limited edition run of 300. On the title page, the authors autograph is prominently displayed. At the top of the page in different writing is 1/300 (though it could be printed vs script). That would indicate that this is the very first book out of those 300 special editions. But its also what has me concerned. The only other example I have been able to find is this:
http://www.stellabooks.com/stockimages_sorted/384/384394~2.JPG

The numbering is completely different. While mine is in what appears to be pencil, the other example seems to be written in the same ink as the authors signature. Now, obviously Mr. Steadman could have started it out one way, and then switched over.

The copyright also mentions that the limited edition and the normal edition have 2 different ISBNs, but I don't know if the different ISBN is just the same book in alternative packaging.

Mr. Steadman is based in Wales, so it doesnt seem farfetched that a copy in that limited edition would find itself in Paris. Further, it seems doubtful that a book store as acclaimed as Shakespeare and Company would sell a forgery given a substantial portion of their business is selling antique and rare books.

I tried reaching out to Ralph Steadman over twitter but only got a confirmation that there was a limited edition run of 300 - not really a verification.

So - what is everyones thoughts? Could this really be the first, first edition of this book?

I tried posting before but automod removed it because it was a link to an imgur album, so I am reposting with a bit more info.

The imgur album is here:
http://imgur.com/a/urWxE 














 Hey everyone. This is something I am pondering. The wife and I are going to be doing our vacation in Niagara falls this year. We will be staying on the Canadian side, and spending a day in Canada and a day in NY.

I am not paying for international roaming, so while in Canada I will most likely just turn my phone off. However, when we are in NY is there any chance of my phone trying to go into international roaming?

When I am on the canadian side, is there any chance my phone will try to connect to NY towers?

I'm not near international borders very often, and when I am it's usually in Europe so I use my work phone. 




 Hey everyone. My wife and I have been looking to begin small-scale production of jellies, jams, and candies to sell publicly. We are in Pennsylvania which has some of the looses cottage food laws in the US, which is a great boon for us. However the department of health still requires that any food prepared in a kitchen be done so in a home that has no pets - we have a dog and a cat, and we aren't just going to kick them to the side. We don't have an in-law suite or a place we could put a separate kitchen/sink, so it seems like our house won't work.

I have investigated renting a shared commercial kitchen, but the prices are simply absurd. We're talking $25-50/hr, a minimum of $250, with a $500 deposit. So at least $250 every single time we would can or prepare candy. After purchasing jars, ingredients, and the time it takes we will barely make a profit (if we make one at all).

So, how did you get started with your food based business? 




 I've been playing since july of last year, so I absolutely still a beginner. With my teacher I have been working through the christopher parkening method books (still on volume 1). We have splashed in some other material (some chord work with folk music). I've been practicing about an hour to 1.5 hours a day. In addition, over the past month and change I have been mussing around with a strat that a friend is letting me long-term-borrow along with an application called rocksmith - usually another hour to another hour and a half a day.

However, I seem to be hitting a pretty heavy wall. My teacher had been assigning 3-4 pieces a week, though that has slowed down. Reading reviews, apparently one of the big criticisms of the Parkening books is that they have a HUGE ramp up in difficulty. 

I am up to about exercise 60 (Beethoven's 5th) and I'm finding that I just can't keep up. Working on that one piece all week, playing extremely slow (15 bpm-30bpm), and I'm only about half way through. My fingers just can't seem to find the right spots on the fretboard and it doesn't seem to be sticking mentally.

It just feels like my progress has seriously slowed down at this point and I'm feeling a little discouraged.

Is this normal - like if I just keep pushing it will pass? Is there a "hump" when you're beginning? Or is this a sign I'm doing too much? 




 I have heard this multiple times, and I honestly don't understand the logic or math.

So can someone explain where this statement comes from? 




 Hey everyone!
I know the echo has no battery backup. My plan is to use it as a replacement for an under-cabinet radio we currently have that is dying. I also think it would make a great kitchen companion. My wife and I cook a lot, so the ability to be in the middle of working and just say "alexa, add fresh cilantro to the shopping list" or "alexa, set a timer for 20 minutes" is fantastic for freeing up our hands when we're busy.

My concern though is if for some crazy reason we lose power. I know when you start a timer, it shows up in the companion app. If you start a timer and the echo loses power, does the timer keep going on the companion app? Or does it stop completely?

Second, my wife and I both have android phones. Does a single echo only work with the companion app on ONE phone, or can she and I both use it?

EDIT:
One more question - can you modify the wake word? I have heard several folks say that it can only be configured as "Amazon" or "Alexa" 




 Super excited. I'm even more excited having played around on youtube and finding some really creative hacks people have come up with to let Echo handle home automation.

I'm especially interested in using it in tandem with Nest thermostats (we don't have any yet, but it could be a deal maker) - something really cool about saying "Alexa todo - turn the temperature to 70 degrees" and having the thermostats all adjust automatically. 




 Hey everyone. Not sure if this is appropriate for here or /r/personalfinance, but I think this may be the most appropriate.

I work for a large telecom that lots of people hate - enough that it was caricatured on a popular sitcom. The company is in the process of trying to purchase one of its larger competitors, and in the event of regulatory approval, the stock could see a significant jump in value. That's all the information I can provide - it should be enough for most of you to figure out who I am talking about.

They offer employees an ESPP which provides shares at a price of 15% off the first or last day of the quarter, whichever was lower. This usually leads to a handsome return. The catch is shares aren't eligible to be sold for 1 year (I know there are tax ramifications with that short of a sale anyways). After 1 year, they're yours to do with as you please.

So, after years at this company I have a decent sized collection of stock, but my concern is that I am so heavily invested. Most of my portfolio is well diversified. But this one particular brokerage account - if the stock nosedives, the account will go with it. 

My speculative side wants to keep the shares that are eligible to be sold with the likelihood that the merger is approved. My safe side wants to sell the eligible shares and buy shares of an index fund to minimize risk. I have 4 quarters worth of shares that I can't touch so if the deal is approved and the stock soars, i will see some benefit. Also if the deal is not approved and the stock dips, I will see some pain when speculators jump ship.

The stock soaring is at least a little unlikely given the efficient market hypothesis, right? Outside of some folks who will jump in when they hear that the deal is approved but I assume that would be temporary.

Just looking to get a feel of what other folks would do in this situation.

My goal is long term growth. 




 I am asking this based on experience with piano. Many pianists have worked through the Czerny's 101 exercises OR Hanon - they're considered essentials.

I know Bach fugues are kind of a big deal, but are there any other exercise compilations that are common? 




 Hey everyone. I am working through my new lesson music, and one of the chords is an inversion of A major. It's played on the 2nd fret, 2nd, 3rd and 4th strings.

Per my teacher, I'm supposed to play using 2/I on 4th string, 3/M on 3rd, 4/A on 2nd.

The problem I am running into is it's a rather small space for 3 fat fingers, so obviously one of my fingers has to be almost entirely across the fret from the fret wire. It feels like I am choosing between having one or more strings buzz when playing, or I am muffling a string, OR I have to press with a death grip. Damn my sausage fingers.

Can anyone offer any advice on how I might be able to play this a little bit more clearly? It seems like it should be simple, but I just can't get it to ring. 




 After having yet another guitar-related post get downvoted within seconds on /r/guitar, I just wanted to throw this out there. Everyone's helpfulness on here is greatly appreciated for beginners like myself.

The folks on this sub all seem to be helpful, willing to listen, and always good for pointers. I genuinely enjoy posting here, and most of the time get great answers to questions I ask. Most people seem to have the same luck. Further, it's really cool that there is a sense of community and that we even have devs poking around.

So, just keep doing what you do. You guys rock. 




 Any suggestions? So far googling around is yielding a lot of "learn the pentatonic and major scale" which isn't really an exercise per se. I can play the scales around the fretboard, I am looking more for exercises on applying them. 




 Pretty simple q I hope. I use sites like amazon mechanical turk and microworkers to pull in a little extra cash. Is there anything like that built entirely around bitcoin? 




 Exactly what the title says!
What are your favorite easy songs that you learned really early in your career? Ones that you're still playing when you pick up your guitar presumably years later??

I'm still new to guitar - I've been taking classical lessons since june, and recently started branching out into jazz and rock on my own (with my teacher giving some guidance to help me learn chord shapes). I'd just love to hear what "easy" songs you never get tired of playing - things that are enjoyable to play - it doesn't necessarily have to be a crowd pleaser or some mainstream tune. Stuff you'd play when you have 10 minutes and are alone in a room with your guitar and no one else is listening. 




 Yesterday I was playing RS and I realized that none of my DLC was showing up. I exited the game and went into steam, and for some reason the game was grayed out as if it was uninstalled. I right clicked to check DLC and it said that both the game and cherub rock were uninstalled. 

I doubleclicked to install - it brought up a dialog that said "checking existing files" which took about 2 minutes, and the game suddenly showed up as installed again, and with it, cherub rock came back, and further all of my CDLC.

So has anyone else had this happen? I've never seen it before. 




 So sometimes I will have issues transitioning between chords for a particular song, and the game recommends playing star chords.

But then when I take the suggestion - none of the chords I need to practice appear in the game. So, while it is helpful, the suggestion doesn't really help with the song.

So, is there any way to specify ONLY specific chirds to show up? 




 Hey everyone.
I have noticed that on my classical everything sounds great EXCEPT the first fret on the 3rd/g string (A flat).

Where pretty much every other note sounds fine and rings clearly, when I play that fret it sounds very dull, as if the string was muted.

Does anyone have any idea what the issue could be? My teacher suggested it could be a node on the string, but are there other possibilities? I doubt it is the fret because first fret rings clearly on every other string. 




 For me:

* [Grateful Dead - Friend of the Devil](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XacvydVrhuI)

* [The Stray Cats - Stray Cat Strut](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vEtbfzMLVWU)

* [Django Reinhardt - Django's Tiger](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E9ZYLvcAFXQ)

* [Pink Floyd - Pigs on the Wing \(Full 8-Track Version\)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KGSPUOaHYn4)

* [Peter Frampton - Do you Feel Like We Do](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V9Yq5m9eLIQ) 









 Exactly what the subject says. It seems like biologically it would be a disadvantage. The act of tearing the hymen would (at least theoretically) expose the woman to the possibility of infection. Tearing creates an open wound, often created by a foreign body entering the vagina (which should allow external bacteria to get by the normally acidic fluid in the vagina). Obviously this wouldn't be the case for tears that come from any number of other reasons, but still, a lot of females do have it torn via intercourse.

Are hymens found in all species? Is it a vestigial thing? 




 So, in light of the sony hack and subsequent threats of violence (and likely blackmail based on unsavory info gathered in the hack), I am of the opinion that this, along with drones, is going to be the way a lot of modern warfare is going to be heading. We all know (whether we want to admit it or not) that human beings are good at killing one another. That will not stop.

So, what are options for investing here?

I have a long stake in Kratos Systems (control systems for drones). I assume a lot of the more traditional players (general dynamics, raytheon, LM, etc) aren't the best options because they have more  traditional warfare solutions they have to attend to in addition to cyberwarfare projects. What other players are there in these markets? Are there other smaller players who are dedicated entirely towards cyberwarfare or cybersecurity that may be more nimble and inventive than some of the traditional players are capable of being? 









 The title says it all. I am currently long term borrowing a friend's deluxe players strat. He has done some minor work to it, part of which I think includes adding noiseless pickups.

The one thing I have noticed though, the pickups have what looks like metal nubs that stick out of them under the strings. Some of them rise out of the plastic block part of the pickup a few mm. Others are actually sunk down into the plastic block. Still others are about flush.

Is this correct? Should they all be flush? I don't have a pic but I can try posting one when I get home tonight.

The pickups look kinda like this:
http://www.themusiczoo.com/PDGImages/Noiseless_Stratocaster_Picups_0992115000_a576.jpg
 




 So, I posted a few days ago about rocksmith not detecting a lot of notes. I took advice from folks here and got my guitar a full setup for the new strings I put on it. No matter what, I'm glad I did it because notes south of the 12th fret are actually correct now.

However, rocksmith STILL seems to be intermittently ignoring certain notes. For instance, I can't seem to get 100% on the shifting practice track, as simple as it is. Half the time the 7th and 12th frets aren't detected. I've used my snark to verify that the notes are being played as expected (B and E respectively). There aren't any problems with intonation. Despite using HDMI I seem to have lucked out with having no lag (good TV maybe? or maybe the fact I'm using a HDMI 4 cable?) so that isn't the issue.

My fingers are in the right spot - at least with the 12th fret there are times when the note repeats multiple times with a few counts in between. My fret hand doesn't move, finger is placed directly next to the fret and I get a clear tone, yet only 1-2 out of 3 will actually be detected by the game. I've tried downstrokes, upstrokes, finger picking it, hell I even slapped it a few times out of frustration.

I have my pickup volume cranked for all pickups. On my mac I went into the mixer and cranked up the line in volume for the rocksmith cable to as high as it would go before I started getting a hum.

I've easily put in 50+ attempts now and it always seems like either the 7th or 12th fret has trouble.

So, has anyone encountered an issue like this? Any idea how to fix it?


**UPDATE**:
I seem to have resolved my issue! I made the following changes.

1) I began using the bridge pickup exclusively as opposed to the neck/center pickup on my strat.

2) I went into audio midi settings and verified that the cable was set as 48k audio.

3) In audio midi settings I raised the volume from the default to about 40%

4) In rocksmith, I changed the audio engine settings from the default 4 to 6 (I had previously changed this, but it seems to have reverted back).

5) In rocksmith audio options I increased the realtone cable gain from the default to 4.1

As it stands, I am now nailing every note.

Thank you to everyone who helped! I compiled together a bunch of your suggestions. 




 I am currently working on a seemingly simple piece arranged by my teacher. However, I am still fairly new to guitar. I'm used to chords being arpeggios,  not more traditional strumming/picking with multiple fingers.

What I am finding is that I have a very hard time switching between picking single notes, moving my fret hand and playing hand into place to play the chord, and then moving everything back into place for playing single notes.

Are there any decent exercises anyone can recommend for this that I can drill on? I know it is a fairly simple thing but I seem to be having a really tough time with it. 




 Hey everyone. I've been drooling over some vintage Gretsches in the store (we have a vintage 1964 country gentleman at our local guitar shop). One thing I noticed - it's a hollowbody, but the f-holes are filled.

They referred to it as a "closed hollowbody."

I'm used to archtops that have the f-holes open. So, what is the major difference sound-wise? Does it have less of the noise and feedback issues that a normal hollowbody has? Is it more or less resonant? 




