 same here, dream-home material for sure
 




 sick reference 
 




 Genocide is the systematic elimination of a specific group of homogenous people who share a common characteristic. Not at all similar. 




 pfft Mike is the one with the brown hat, pay attention! 
 




 Is this your first time dealing with human emotions? Fearing for our own mortality is a regular occurrence and has been for millennia. 




 Sorry, guess I'm unbalanced for being a little disturbed by the possibility of mass murder 




 I could see using a vertical monitor for plugins but it definitely doesn't make much sense for arrangement view 




 great selection mate!
 
 




 Very nice setup! Photo seems a tad bit contrived, like you're trying to show off all your cool hobbies at once. Or maybe you do just juggle producing, browsing, streaming and programming all at once. Either way cool rig man.  




 I kept holding out hoping for a less fucked up answer... but even I can no longer deny this seems like a mass murder/suicide :( 




 I've read more than a few comments to the effect of "I hope that scumbag murderer co-pilot rots in hell." Don't underestimate the ability some possess to rapidly condemn strangers to hell based on pure speculation.

Nothing wrong with harmless and educated speculation, but some definitely take it too far once they've made their premature opinion. 




 All these americans going "In the US we...." are soooo helpful  

 




 Cracked front windshield, cockpit depressurizes while the one pilot steps out, co-pilot starts emergency descent but then passes out in cockpit from hypoxia, pilot either can't get back in for whatever reason or does eventually get back in but then also passes out..plane continues unguided emergency descent into mountain
  




 There is still the possibility that even after the locked-out pilot regained emergency access, whatever incapacitated the co-pilot got to him soon after. Think about it... if it was a cracked front windshield causing depressurization leading to hypoxia like experts are now hypothesizing, merely regaining access to the cockpit wouldn't be enough to save the plane. It would likely just lead to more incapacitated people. 




 You're telling a recently deceased man to rot in hell before you even know he's guilty of anything? Fucked up dude. It still could have been lots of other things. Speculation now is that a cockpit windshield pane could have cracked, causing depressurization and knocking out those in the cockpit. 
 




 "Like exactly what I like or you're just a noob lolz"

Seriously though, I love Ducky but objectively, they aren't even well designed keycaps. The designer literally just made a bunch of jagged lines for the "cityscape" with the pen tool in Illustrator then plopped a monument or two in each depending on the city. And everyone still loses their shit over it. 
 




 Love it! Definitely reminds me of Unreal Tournament's soundtrack
 




 My other bike is a bike.
 









 Nice web, Mr. crackspider.  




 Sorry nooby question maybe but whats the thing on top of the Marshal? looks interesting
 




 nice man I figured from the setup you did something techno-y and your soundcloud didn't disappoint.
 




 B W filter and you've got yourself a Techno album cover 




 dude I looove these! 
 




 First thing I thought was PRIDE
 




 Korg Nanokey or MPK Mini's are great for le plane  




 Lots of classical music is what gets me. Stuff by guys like Ludovico Einaudi or Yiruma. Idk why..

I find the darkest of atrophic, nihilistic berlin techno to be more happy than that shit.

 




 Nice one man
 




 I'm a design student with limited extra cash for designer clothes (go figure) so I tend to wear a lot of plain, cheap dark clothes (plain black v's, drop crotch sweats, black slim fit jeans, black converse/high tops, dark scarves) and cheapish techy outerwear (think Superdry). If I had the money, I'd be decked out in DEMOBAZA, Rick Owens, and a Google Glass tho LOL..
 




 Edmonton, AB! New to this sub but long time lover of dark things so I feel right at home :)
 




 I think it's usually an indirect way of letting everybody know "I would have even more cool stuff if my money didn't all go to books/bars/subway"

At least that's why I would mention that i'm still in school.

 




 Soundcloud is the way to go my friend! Join a group or find a few artists you like and go from there. Most artists have contact/booking info right on their profile. It's really easy when you can see the likes of your favourite artist, just follow the trail to new stuff.

 




 oh Russia...
 




 nice but definitely not original. We actually learned how to use the pen tool recreating vector lotuses just like this at my school.  









 Woah! I've been using this as an avatar on a random music forum for years now. Cool to finally know the source. I think I originally found it on tumblr.

 




 Great photo! Made me hungry for some reason...
 




 Music producer and graphic designer... Wanna be my best friend? 




 oh yeah...wow, how about that?
 




 Love it :)
 




 more like hikikomori stations. The second last one made me laugh tho. Some 4channer eating frozen yogurt up in a crawlspace.  




 I lost it when I saw the calculator!
 




 Honestly probably not a whole lot, but they exist for the same reason luxury vehicles and $5000 suits exist. People like nice things. :)
 




 Oh man those are soo gorgeous.
 




 First thing I saw too
 




 zoomed in on the sticker set thinking it was something super cool..
 




 Also I LOVE the framed Starcraft race emblems!  




 I want to go PLP too but then i'd be covering up my monitors :( small desk/room problems..

Anyway nice setup, just made some student jealous ;)
 




 Hello, welcome to Gamestop....
 




 I love this! Simple and understated but you genuinely get the feeling that work gets done here. Not just another fap/anime station
 




 source? looks exactly like the kind of cheesy low budget cyberpunk films i've come to love so much.
 




 Are you afraid of it?
 




 didn't teach it any new moves hope that's alright
 




 I can help ya out!

 




 [item] Yeah so I just want to move my stone from my copy of X over to Ruby. Will trade it along with the charizard. Appreciate any help!  




 Great setup man! love the baman/piderman sticker haha.. nice touch.  




 Yeah until they realize how much fun it is to play MTG blazed...
 




 Nice! I was impressed and then I saw the pano and now i'm really impressed. I too hope to someday have a big 3 desk setup just like this for mixing, production and gaming respectively. Also I didn't know people stream their studio sessions on Twitch, good to know..
 




 all that beautiful desk space!
 




 Just imagining the possibilities if I had a desk that big..
 




 LOL I kinda got used to the hat for a while, since he could actually pull it off, but then back by season 4 I was like dude... enough with the damn fedora. He's dealing with the worlds most elite rings of thieves and he's dressed like a fucking Le Chateau mannequin. 




 I find the writing is consistently great and I love Neal and Mozzie, but the way they wrap up EVERY SINGLE episode with Jones and Diana busting in at the last possible second and then the "caught the bad guys" happy ending slow jazz track rolls out. I still don't even hate the endings, just hard not notice the pattern after 5 seasons..
 




 haha fair enough! I think tipping within Canada is different but yeah I could see the ones who go down for the winter on a budget tipping poorly. 




 I'm an apparently gullible Canadian and i'm genuinely curious as to whether you're serious or not. 




