 Works for Bill Simmons 




 Lighten up.  Just downvote the shit you don't like.  Upvote the shit you do.   That's how reddit works.  No need to take yourselves and entertainment so seriously. 




 He said he didn't want it. 




 This man knows his shit. 




 I didn't realize this.  

I also think fish oil in large doses works better for inflamed muscles. 




 ....for men. 




 Just downvote it.  Or cry. 




 I make my own powder supps.  The only thing that burns is cayenne pepper when you poop.  Turmeric, ginger, and black pepper are really mild.

Zinc and B vitamins on an empty stomach can make you nauseous.   




 Woah.  That's some intense police work there. 




 Is there a YIL? 




 Just a puff piece.   




 You're free to post whatever you want.   




  "victom blaming"

I like that 




 He obviously wasn't really playing basketball. 




 "Different cultures, cunt." 




 I hope that camera is made of pillows
 




 Kefir is pretty easy to make, too.  It's drinkable.

I nuke the milk to temperatue.  Dumb some kefir in and wait.  It's pretty forgiving, too. 




 The worst jokes also do. 




 Apparently Siri is directing them there 




 I like her disproportioned head.

http://www.technologytell.com/entertainment/files/2015/03/Rihanna.jpg

*maybe face is what I meant 




 LA Gear 




 Well he does editorials like this all the time.  Feel free to post the ones you disagree with. 




 I saw her live and up close.  She didn't sing.  It was also a free hour long outdoor concert that wasn't broadcast, so the fans were getting what they paid for. 




 Low altitude flying 




 The guy is an actor.  Still pretty good. 




 I understand people not liking Olbermann because he plays a caricature to make a point, but he's usually right.  

Hope Solo should have never went on TV.  She also shouldn't beat people.  She brought this all on herself. 




 Or PEDs and changing his body's chemistry 




 Nope.  It autotitles them like that. 




 If everyone has a beard, then it's really not unique.

Some people do look legitimately ridiculous in beards. 




 It's a joke 




 The history of the Lions being terrible. 




 The largest crowd to ever gather at the Silverdome was on September 18, 1987 for Mass with Pope John Paul II, with a reported attendance of 93,682 - just shading the record of 93,173 set at the Silverdome on March 29, 1987 for WrestleMania III. 




 Chris Evert has 7 titles 




 They need a height division for men's tennis.  That dude was amazing for a short player. 




 French clay?  The Nazis? 




 Has never won a real war without outside help since never?  

Nice insult, bro. 




 Cabrera is on steroids though 




 LOfap 




 They're both cute and ultimately bland 




 Sour cream and sriracha.  They're pretty good. 




 I'm only laughing because I don't want to feel like a dick for laughing. 




 Deep 




 Ha.  Never thought to. 




 That's how reddit works 




 The other guy is great too.  They're selling a $250/year credit card. 




 That's the joke 




 What does yelling keeper mean? 




 Society, essentially other adults, feels the need to judge the decision not to have children.  




 It's because social media didn't exist back then and Hannibal framed the story/joke well.  His show wasn't meant for broadcast.

Google Bill Cosby memes 




 She recently died.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mary_Ellen_Mark 




 Neither.  It's a completely different link, reddit will send you to the post if it's already up. 
 









 He was part of this, the largest bankruptcy in US history.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bankruptcy_of_Lehman_Brothers 




 Sounds deep yet meaningless. 




 He's also a potato

http://www.kappit.com/img/pics/201409_1833_iddcc.jpg 




 He puts himself at the center of the contestants' jokes and hams them up.  He's not really funny.  




 I think this qualifies as Tia 




 Sense of humor = none :) 




 Typical Robin Williams, stealing other comics jokes. 




 Batman and Robin (Williams?) 




 It's a different opinion.  Probably doesn't resonate with everyone.  What does? 




 Canada 




 Just burn it.  I doubt Irish people give a fuck. 




 Chicago overlooked shit when they signed him

http://www.chicagotribune.com/sports/football/bears/chi-george-mccaskey-ray-mcdonald-signing-20150324-story.html#page=1 




 She was probably drunk.  




 They never did.  They're a piece of medal embedded in a sidewalk. 




 "Moderators may use their discretion to determine whether a post is trashy or not."

That's a fancy way to say you're taking it out of the vote of the subreddit and censoring shit yourself. 




 Why? 




 Defensive much.  Shit like that is silly.  It sounds cute but you don't get much out of it. 




 You're going into construction and lane switches.  It's not a smart place to pass or ride side by side with any vehicle.

Why not slow down and keep some space?  There are better spots to pass. 




 Sounds silly 




 1.2GB

15 tabs
 




 Here's him not letting Rogan shit all over his win.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHZN24t_BG8 




  realized it's beneath him

He does have a snobbishness to him.  He also talks down to his audience. 




 30Rock openly made fun of GE.

But late night TV is more a commercial within a commercial.  Dave does have a crotchetiness to him. 




 It's one fucking coyote pup.  Lighten up. 




 2nd place is a pretty good showing for the Sabres. 




 It was a reach, but now I'm convinced. 




 Some good trolling.  




 It's not a savvy business move, then. 




 It's also a savvy business move.  Why produce a show that's going to be a ratings failure when you can run a rerun for with no production cost that will also be a ratings failure? 




 Leno was a ratings machine.  He was obviously pretty good at what he was doing, so much so they'd admit Conan was a mistake and pay him to walk away.

Here's Kimmel impersonating Leno:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OYK-JPxLOMQ

 




 Shhh.  He's on a roll. 




 They fuck, they get comfortable with each other, they get content. 




 Corey Crawford only played 116. 




 Getzlaf was out of position. 




 Unsportsmanlike 




 It's originally from reddit 




 en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stand-your-ground_law 




 For easy access.  I like it. 




 This an honest, open story from a young woman about her marriage. There are some powerful truths spoken here, worthy of notice and reflection. If youre married, have ever been married, or plan on getting married eventually, this is for you. 




 Default on it.  It's the new American Dream(R). 




 He's into tagging. 




 I assumed people were smart enough to figure it out. 




 I can only find 6 million in sales figure from 65-77.  Anyone have more info? 




 Lorde? 




 They're taught to do that.  That wheel will break your arm, shoulder, career. 









 "thoroughly debunked"

They got the address wrong.  That's a pretty obtuse assessment. 




 At 1:30 




 Shooting each other according to the story. 




 The new thing is to delete articles where the titles aren't verbatim even when they are verbatim.   Mods will destroy reddit. 




 From experience? 




 Aww, sorry so feelingy.
 




 Kobe Bryant and Bryant Gumbel 




 Apparently.  I was hoping someone would translate. 




 Pro tennis players, but if you're truly competitive and driven, team sports are kind of a turnoff. 




 It's from the Eastern Market in Detroit according to FB.

http://www.easternmarket.com/ 




 And get upset by this fact. 




 I think this was downvoted because it hits a little too close to home. 




 TIL people still listen to Pearl Jam. 




 Not everyone.  Not overrated. 




 It plumps when you cook it. 




 It sounds like a laugh track/canned laughter.  I think people might be getting had on this. 




 Fecundity means fruitfulness and fertility, the ability to produce abundant healthy growth or offspring. What a wonderful word fecundity is! It refers to a powerful productivity, usually in the area of natural growth, either from the earth or by human reproduction. 




 $20 at walmarts

http://www.walmart.com/ip/Rawlings-Official-Major-League-Baseball/4528990 




 I didn't see anyone laughing. How do we know this isn't a laugh track recording to make the host look good?
 




 I didn't see anyone laughing.  How do we know this isn't a laugh track recording to make the host look good? 




 This probably doesn't belong here 




 Ha.  It's kind of running joke around these parts.  Ska and music are used interchangeably. 




 This bot sucks.  This is exactly the fucking title. 




 That wasn't him.  His brother.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nick_Moore_(Canadian_football)
 




 I am le sorriez. 




 I'm thinking RVs weren't built to roll over.  

How did the driver and passenger(s) do? 




 There's no pro team in Columbus, OH.  Toledo is just down the road from Detroit, though. 




 One cut block away from being forever irrelevant. 




 Roger Goodell suspended for the preseason. 




 She's dead. 




 integrity of the NFL = bookmaker's and gambler's confidence 




 LORD OF WAR - Intro (The Life Of A Bullet) [HD]

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VHn1zogeyO4 




 Yes.  It works on some level. 




 They have a free day coming up.  You get a tour guide who knows way too much and interesting details.  The building is great.  The cars are worth who knows how much.

It's worth $10.  I'll probably go back sometime soon. 




 Game.  Blouses.

http://i.imgur.com/be6uTBF.jpg 




 Something.  You are correct. 




 Me neither 




 PR nightmare = typical day in the NFL

 




 The clip is 7 minutes long and within 5 minutes there's 4 downvoters it seems.

Great quality subreddit. 




 "Now 50% more corny references."

He's so fucking street. 




 Never heard that expression.

They replaced the train.  The track looks all the same.  It's an upgrade, they're calling a new ride. 




 Is it triggering? 




 Which one is he? 




 You're the first person who acts like Nike is ethical. 




 Funny to teenagers doesn't necessarily translate to funny to everyone.  Rewatch his comedy.   




 He's pretty much always been kond of a snide asshole.  But that's hip and cool.  

Never really heard him saying anything funny.  Just laughing.

 




 They're called moderators and they just delete posts. 




 They don't want to relearn a new possibly struggling QB. 




 Ha.  So much kneejerk. 




 in a championship game of a Superbowl winning year? 




 nah 




 This is why you shouldn't watch TV for sports analysis.   




 Probably. 




 Eddie Murphy - Boogie In Your Butt

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07P538K83iU 




 Reddit has amazing customer service. 




 I have no idea where this belongs 




 I don't know if salon's allowed 




 3deep5u, bro? 




 John Oliver shits on everything.  It's kind of his only talent. 




 1 Bible.  Used. 




 Amy Schumer helped kill him

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MylhoTBrLrI 




 Eh, I could care less.

It's more about the kneejerk voters than Hillary. 




 Did you even read the article? 




