 Write my dreams down in a journal to improve lucid dreaming. I'm trying to be productive in my sleep too :) 




 Time to call in the National Guard. 




 I've only played Persona 3   4. Is SMT a turn-based RPG too? 




 This is so true. Thanks for posting. 




 God I'm totally with you guys. I had a great day yesterday, ate healthy, worked out and figured I could do it again today...nope! Had projects galore pop up and will now have to skip working out, eat something fast and work until 9 to get it all done.

The only advice I have is to think of all the work you're getting done as one step closer to improving your life overall. I just log every major project and late night I have so I can bring it up during my review. 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/Cyberpunk/comments/1anbix/atlas_hood/

This post had some good pics of it. 




 As I'm in the middle of my 1+ hour commute from my 60+ hour a week job, I've have some concerns about the accuracy of that prediction... 




 I love pictures like these...they really tell people are the same across times and cultures. I bet if you went back to Ancient Greece you'd find the soldiers dicking around with their spears. 




 And we can build this dream forever, standing strong together... 




 Wow nice work! 




 I think about this same thing  lot too. I'm 28 and just hoping to stay healthy And alive long enough for those advances to start rolling in.I'm pretty optimistic though since the pace of technological growth is accelerating so rapidly. After the airplane was invented it took less than 50 years for man to break the sound barriers and then we walked on the moon in just a little more than 20 years after that.

So I think if I can hang in there for 50 years we will hopefully be at a point when life can be extended much longer. 




 That's really awesome! 




 I saw Brazil in the title and two big round things in the thumbnail...

 ...Disappointed 




 Pretty clever 




 That's really bad... 




 That's really great work. 




 After watching The Cove I have to say I agree with this. 




 Man that takes me back. I love how your bow sounded like a fucking chainsaw when you had it charged all the way. 




 God it's so true... 




 I'm cool with this. It's 2013, we might as well start building better relations. 




 "Hide the weed! Hide the weed!" 




 I agree with a lot of your points. Triple Triad was probably my favorite mini-game in all the FF series. And I loved Balamb Garden as a setting. I think it would be awesome to have a game that used Balamb Garden as a setting and worked in simulation elements like in Persona 3.

But yeah the story was a little too confusing and the junction system could have been better. 




 Nice! I've been waiting forever hoping it would get added to Netflix streaming without luck. Thanks! 




 I wonder if anyone has done a study on the prevalence of autisim in mixed race couples, who you would think would have less homozygosity. 




 Survey research. We did a study on fears around nanotechnology once so that kind of , maybe counts. 




 Woo Minnesota! 




 The phone book, newspapers, elevator attendants 




 Honor among warriors. When the Red Baron was shot and killed, he was given a full military funeral. 




 Did Bono mess up how to give the finger? 









 That looks amazing. Would love to hang out there for a night. 




 But if only half as many people buy Xbone's... 




 Those damn vegetarians...tofu is the work of Satan! 




 Totally agree. Plus with all the free games PS+ and Xbox Live are giving away, I can afford to wait. 




 Sony did the exact same thing. 




 Thank you! I can't believe I had to go this far in to find a level-headed post like this. Personally some of my best memories are playing Battlefront on my 360 with my brothers, so I'm looking forward to doing it again in the future. 




 Believe me, I've been there many times in the past. But one of those times eventually worked out and now I'm happily married. Nice job taking risks! 




 I was there for 6 months and just took a carry on. Basically just clothes, any electronics, and 1 nice outfit. You can buy pretty much anything there cheap, although if you're tall it might be a little harder to find. 









 Same here. Every kid should have someone to tell that in their life. 




 Wow, that's really good! Nice work. 




 Waking up early is literally the best habit I have. I can get so much done while everyone else sleeps. 




 That's awesome! Just listening to their new album now. Thanks! 




 My phone has taken the place of a ton of other electronics, so I think of mostly as a benefit. My wife and I even got rid of internet at home since we just use our phones for everything. 




 That's awesome! I know exactly how you feel as I'm similarly great when drunk and partying and then terrified to even talk to a girl when sober :) 




 He already looks fast as shit 




 I think fake-it-till-you-make-it can actually work in a lot of situations and I've definately done it before quite often.  




 Well played OP 




 That's so sad! 




 VII for sure 




 In future news Isreal just bombed the shit out of what's left of Assad's army. 




 Congrats!! 




 Went in Minneapolis. Great show and got to seat hop up front at the intermission. Wonderful. 




 Nothing says badass more than having a huge Logitech scanner hanging off your belt. 




 Marry Freya, kill Cait Sith, nail Fran 




 Spot on 




 Spot on 




 Oh Del Taco...I used to have one in a gas station by my house in Colorado. The scent of beef and gasoline was heavenly. 




 Totally agree. Iria was actually the first anime I ever saw and got me into it in general. 




 Congrats! 




 My thoughts exactly. It sounds like the future will be amazing but they need to get crackin on immortality/ life extension so I can enjoy it. 




 My thoughts exactly!  




 That's really sweet 




 Badass! 




 Human breast milk? That's pretty cost effective! 




 Manna is a great one. Got me interested in futurology. 




 Wow she's pretty 




 Or the moon from "A Trip to the Moon"

http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/04/Le_Voyage_dans_la_lune.jpg 




