 Is that sticky? Just curious for preparations sake lol 




 Spit = no bueno. Got that. 




 Why am I getting downvotes for legitimate questions? I'm not pushing an agenda I'm genuinely curious about opinions and suggestions... I'd be happy to have my girlfriend join in on the discussion. 




 Noted. 




 It was the heat of the moment, we didn't think about google. Haha 




 Good point. I thought about that too. 




 I went really really slow and let her decide what was what. I thought about lube but I've had issues with lube before because I have generally sensitive skin and I'm uncircumcised. 




 I was thinking this, the lube part. 

Here's the problem. I'm uncircumcised and I've had issues with sensitive skin all over my body and particular issues with lube on my member. Luckily I know how to get things going with her so for vaginal sex lube is completely unnecessary.

Suggestions? 




 I feel you. I still feel the same way about Wisconsin winters.... 100 degrees 7 months out of the year isn't fun but I deal with it better than I do 20 below with a wind chill. I guess it's all about what you're used to. 




 Good question. 

TBH, I don't care either way. I just want it to be viewed equally. 

Similar to me not caring how many partners my SO has had in the past, why should her partners be calculated differently than mine? 




 That yes, and if you work outside that alone is a calorie burner. I worked outside for 3 years doing construction. It was awful. 




 The ocean breeze in Galveston actually helps significantly. 

The road you're referring to is Seawall BLVD and yeah it's nice as long as you don't have to park lol. 




 You know when it's 80 degrees outside and sunny, and your black car has been sitting in the direct sunlight for hours windows up and you sit down in it and you instantly become damp with sweat, and it feels like the heat is crushing? That's what it's like to just walk outside on a typical summers day in Houston. 




 That you're not allowed to say anything negative about a minority if you're not one yourself or you're considered a racist/homophobe/transphobe etc no matter the context or situation or how you word it. 

That its okay for a woman to fly off the handle and verbally abuse a man, sometimes even physically. Call names, shout, throw things, push or even punch. But if the guy retaliates at all suddenly he's the fucking spawn of Satan and deserves to be carted off to jail. 

That its okay for women to ogle men and drool over his stunning manly features, but if a guy gets caught sheepishly glancing at a nice ass or chest he's a pig objectifying women. 

That its okay for women to call people "sweetie" or "dear" or "baby" (that last one is definitely regional, more common in the south) or other such things in a perceived to be endearing motherly way, but a man would be written up, suspended or even fired from work if he tried to do that. *To clarify I have no desire to do this, but I find it uncomfortable when females do this to me and wish it was the same universally.*

That it's okay to publicly "show concern" for someone who appears to be too thin, or joke about it and ask if they ever eat anything, or say a strong gust of wind would blow them away. Try the same thing with someone who's overweight. "Haha, do you ever stop eating? JK LMAO!". "You're so heavy it might take a forklift to move you! Haha!". 




 Slightly relevant, I somewhat recently moved to Appleton from Houston and I find it hilarious when people whine and stress about "traffic" here being horrendous. Obviously the picture linked here is a joke, but coming from Houston I find the lack of traffic here to be rather refreshing. 

Also the "heat". As soon as it hits like 73 degrees people are acting like we're in an inferno. 9 months out of the year in Houston 73 is a rather cool night, temps hitting 95-110 by 10am every day for the majority of the year. I don't go into that much detail with the average complainer of heat but I do laugh and say I think it's nice out, but then again I'm from Houston. So they respond with "YEAH BUT THAT'S *DRY* HEAT!". Funny, cause Houston is only an hour (with traffic) from the Gulf, prone to tropical storms, hurricanes and very high humidity. 

Anywho, I got a kick outta the pic. 




 The article won't load on my mobile can someone summarize it for me real quick? 




 Have you ever tried to become addicted to a carrot? They're awful. 

First of all, that's an opinion. Some people rather enjoy carrots. 

I don't subscribe nor do I think the scientific community subscribes to the idea that you can become addicted to anything. 

Well, your carrot example was sort of a reduced and exaggerated one. Is a person likely to become addicted to carrots specifically even if they like them? No. But they could easily become addicted to the idea of eating healthy, for example, and overdo it to an unhealthy point. Things aren't black and white usually. 


I agree, most addiction comes from reinforcing behavior through reward systems. Let me rephrase. 

Anything a person can do multiple times over an extended period of time, that *that particular individual finds to be satisfying* yet not satisfying enough to ever be completely satisfied, can become psychologically addictive. Video games, working out, biting nails, smoking weed, masturbation, cleaning their living space, throwing a ball into a cup, *throwing up* etc. You get the picture. There are obvious exceptions, such as suicide for example. Not much chance of becoming addicted to committing suicide. 

Are you familiar with OCD? I have OCD. I also have a generally addictive personality. I've become psychologically dependant on numerous things throughout my life, and some make more sense than others, but they're all similar in one aspect: I find it to be satisfying, but never satisfied enough to call it quits, and I am able to repeat it over a lengthy period of time. An obsessive behavior or thought process associated with OCD is remarkably similar to becoming addicted to say, playing WoW. 




 I think this question is oddly right up my alley at this moment in time... 

I actually just had ana sex for the first time with my girlfriend last night *very briefly I might add* it was her first time too. 

It was easier than I think we both thought it'd be to get it started, but by no means could I have "accidentally" fully penetrated her anus. I have drunkenly fumbled in the dark before and accidentally pressed up against the back door but nowhere near actual penetration. 




 I don't think it's even a myth, I think it's just a saying referencing how nimble cats are and how to a far less nimble human they seem to scrape dangerously close to serious injury/and walk away unscathed. 




