 x-posted to /r/NotTheWire 
 





























 Yeah... I really do like the concept of crowdsourced volume buys though.  I'm sure its made more difficult with "premium" brands that exercise more pricing control.  




 oui, ca 




 I'm actually seeing it as a few bucks more on Amazon but with Prime shipping ,but point taken.  Looking at the discount tiers on Massdrop, their max discount rate, and their  comparison to MSRP (not street) ... Massdrop doesn't seem particularly impressive....at least this offer, perhaps others are.   Novel concept though for sure. 




 Man, I came here to the comments because I couldn't see the offerand didn't want to register just to see it.  And this, the first comment.  Thank you /u/MassdropBot ! 




 I want to start numbering stuff like that here, in USD and see how it flies.  




 uh-huh.  noone ever thinks twice about ole Milton in the basement till the office is on fire. 




 yeah, how bizzare to see someone in a Batman costume at an amusement park.

Oh wait, you meant the girl in the fleur d'elise t-shirt?   




 Tractor chicken 




 It may be time to implement metal detectors at the building doors. 




 Exactly my experience. The vietnamese barbershops around me do actually a better job for 9 bucks (plus 3 tips always) than some of the fancy salons I've gone to.   




 yeah, just figured that one out but thanks for letting everyone else know.   Not sure why they did that ... it doesn't make sense to have the messy detailed interface come up first, and then make you click through (so to speak) for the more simplistic one.  I'll say too that a lot of recent Android "improvements" (realizing that the one we're talking about here is either HTC or ATT, not native Droid) in their UI are just backwards to me for the last couple years 




 No clue,but the default settings panel (with the shortcuts to wifi, bt, brightness etc) is gone now....  




 Nah, it was the initial boot screen that stayed on so long I thought it was bricked. Now that it's updated seems to be running normally.  Some stupid UI changes though, like removing the large settings buttons (ie the easy wifi/bt on off screen) and replacing it with normal settings. That one settings panel was the only good thing in there IMO. 

 




 This.  If you want peace, work for justice in it's broadest sense of the word. 




 "'It kills a lot of business,' he said."

Captain Literal. 




 ok then "fault of "whoever's job it is to realize that since year books were invented high school kids have been doing their best to prank them and someone who knows better needs to double check everything that goes into them."

    




 woke up this morning to an update notification for my att m7.  Turned on wifi, plugged it in, started update.  20 minutes later ... bricked. Or so I thought.  Hit the power button, prompted for encryption pin.  Then went to the HTCOne boot screen and stayed there for like 10 minutes before finally moving to "updating android app x out of x".   

So, could have sworn it was bricked, it's actually just really slow. 




 no smokehead is ever going to denigrate for asking how to start.  OTH, refer to grilling as "barbecue" and you'll likely get corrected.   




 or they could just not give a fuck, which seems the most reasonable  thing to do here. 




 Seems like the publisher's fault, not the kids.  




 nice, i caught that. 




 Your mate's homebuilt smoker appears to have every bit the functionality and quality of my expensive store bought one but with 4 times the personality.

"Dexter my 1 yr old dark passenger".  Got that reference.  Makes me wonder what's going in the smoker th0. 




 You really need to read the label on your chem for that ...I'd add a couple days to a week to be safe. Nothing stinks like putting down a couple hundred bucks of seed only to realize you jinxed yourself.   




 Hi all, 

I'm trying to ID this ground cover... or it may be an actual grass.  When we bought our house this was the entire yard... very nice for "no mow" as it stayed relatively short and they would all grow to a uniform height, but over the years I beat it back.  

Now it's resuring.  I'm half tempted to give it a part of  the yard, but after all these years I still haven't figured out what on earth it is, even with professionals looking at it. I even tried some grass and weed identification sites and still nothing. 

Does anyone have any idea [what this is ?] (http://imgur.com/a/FA02X)

 




 If you use a weed killer you won't be able to seed for a while.  I have 2/3 and acre and while I definitely will use a hose attachment for laying chems across the whole yard, for a small outbreak I'll use a hand carried pump bottle instead, or just a mechanical weeder. The nice thing about just using a mechanical weeder is they're actually pretty darn fast, get rid of the weed right there on the spot, no waiting and watching it all wither and turn brown then black, AND it leaves a nice hole like core aeration that I can then go drop some grass seed into.... most definitely a faster turn around time than when using chemicals. 
 




 I would concur with this.  And then for next year I'd plant some food and cover in a remote area of the yard and hopefully attract them to an out of the way place.  




 I've done anywhere from 1 to 6, kind of depending on what I need to do and how I feel.  I do have a specific goal in mind, but mostly I'm just enjoying running 5 to 10 k at a time.  I"m getting ready to go out now if you want to 




 looks exactly like my bathroom floor.no big deal, chop out the bad areas, block brace and replace.  or just replace the whole floor if  you want.... I did, so I could have a stiffer floor for tiling.  




 If you trust their ratings to be accurate, yes.  I don't.  If it isn't EN rated, I don't trust the numbers, period.  Every manufacturer who doesn't subject to standardized testing has huge variances in their numbers ... even I myself recently spend hundreds of dollars on a (different bag) that was "labelled" 15 degrees and is absoloutely, 100% NOT a 15 degree bag.    

If you're Ok with carrying a 10 pound bag, great.  




 thanks !  




 That's not the best choice you could make.  The limit is only +1C, that's 5 degrees more than you expressed, close enough if you add some layers I suppose.  However, it's probably not using the EU standard ratings; those standard ratings are the only trustable ratings, so the temperatures they present could really mean anything.   The real problem though is that it's 4.6 kilo - that's over 10 pounds...completely unusable for backpacking IMO.   Fine choice if you're driving to a camp site though. 




 I agree with Mr. Slater.  Regardless of who actually hit the shutter release, it's his photo IMO 




 Hmm, if I wanted to hide from the law in Mexico I'd probably do it in a police station.  From what I read in the news those places are pretty empty and isolated.  




 I have some unsettled business to tend to.  In early April there was water galore. ... like literally streams crossing the trail in areas and you could get by with 1 liter just reupping frequently and camelling up at the streams.  What's the water situ like now  ?  Still bountiful ?  




 That's quite cold in my option (-20c ~ -4F) and would require a full on "winter bag".  That's not a problem, but finding one that's packable and light enough for backpacking near 100$ is a challenge.  

I bought a bag for close to 300 that packs quite nicely and have personally used it down to 5 degrees.  Adding base layers and liners I could probably take it to -5 (F) no problem, but it definitely isn't a hundred dollar bag.   




 I experimented with it a few times, as well as with metal plates to distribute heat and help flow the smoke out more.  Ultimately just using the best cut of meat I could find and keeping the heat controlled (as in "stop checking the damn thing" ) produced far better for me.  




 that's some crooked ass shit right there. we need to stop treating crooked cops as administrative mistakes and start treating them like criminals.  




 I've collected a few stamps over the years.  Never once ever thinking they'd be worthy anything, more just because they're so cool.  I mean, they really do put a ton of great design work into those things. 




 For more pointed advice, tell us:

* What the "colder" region is. 
* Time of year going out.
* What purposes - a bag that's perfectly suitable for camping may be inapproriate for walk in camping or backpacking
* Your size.  Yep, different manufacturers make different sizes.
* Your budget 




 The one with a fire extinguisher in it ?  




 I believe it.  DC music has always been a bit known for more conscious music.   




 Yep.  they have staff researchers who do nothing but get smart on specific topics.   IIRC, the gentleman who spins Saturday Night Hot Jazz on WAMU is a staff researcher. 




 Yep, you have to register in Madison for a card first.   There's also a public library on 7th SE.    




 I like rap battles and liked the vid ... wish there were less violent lyrics personally. 




 There's a Library by Congress ;) 




 I suck at biking, but I have a buddy who's really in to it and it's about time I went on a ride with him, I can ping him, that'll make 3.   




 I'm definitely an afternoon/ evening guy although on the weekends I could do mid morning. What I definitely cannot do anymore  is getup at oh dark and PT before work ;)  Actually heading to the gym right now for a treadmill tempo run before lifting. 
 




 ITS BAYSIDE KILL IT, KILL IT NOW
 




 Super slow runner here, always looking for a support network.  I can push 3.7 12's around Centennial, 13s when with a partner (talking) and I've done 6.6 around it before at 15s. Any other turtles out there want to do some long super slow distance together ?  




 Shoot me your mobile and email, next time I go for a hike I'll give you a shout if you like.  If you run I could use a running partner, I'm too slow for my current one.  I'm also in Wild Lake. 




 Patapsco has several bike trails.   I don't ride, but my biking friends tell me their quite good, and the NA Mountain Biking Association maintains additional trails in the area as well.  

 




 thanks! I always intend to try seeds, but it never happens so every couple of years I stumble across seedlings and plant them, but the variety available isn't always my preference.  I would love to have a nice bounty of TAMs that my non heat loving friends  and family could enjoy.  And those Hatch chiles are just the best I've had, would love to have those freshly available. 




 Dang man,  you're really lucky to have real tacos available as fast food.  We have taco bell here in Maryland.  Fortunately though actual mexican food seems to be growing in popularity so there are couple sit down restaurants that have good stuff ... but man that place looks fantastic !  




 I'm completely confused.  It looks like actual mexican food, but it also looks like fast food.   I'm also really hungry now. Where is that ? 




 Yep, special.   What country ? 




 Thanks ! I hadn't found them in my googling.  The seedlings were nice and healthy on arrival ?    




 Your personality made this really fun to watch. 




 Title says it all ... I'm not up to growing from seed but if there are any TAM Jalapenos or Hatch seedlings available in Maryland I would really appreciate knowing where. 




 Just bought a bunch of beautiful little seedlings that are ready for larger homes.  2x thai's (likely numex twi's) , 2x fish, and 4x jalapeno's. 

I may just put the thai's in containers so I can move them around for maximum ornamental effect, as I've grown them before years ago and remember them as simply being too hot to cook with.   That would also make more room for the jalapeno's to grow out and yield.   Fish peppers I have no experience with though they seem as if they may make better ornamentals than eating peppers.   

I have a relatively small bed prepared alongside the house, and I can't figure out what the full height of the mature plants would be so I can plant them in order of height. 

So if you had these seedlings, how would you plant them ?  




 Wow, after seeing that I really want to hear you say "fuck you guys".  I bet you make it eloquent.  




 So am I the only person marvelling that they used a real life story for the ad ?  




 well said.  




 I see your point now ... it isn't exactly a discussion based post, but it's still a community oriented based post.  There are some things  I would put on CL before here, but if I wanted something for MY community, not the greater Balto region, then it would go here.  Personally, I'd rather keep things in my neighborhood first, my town second before resorting to all of Balto, so if I was looking for a cleaner and I could find the right cleaner for me locally first I would.  Dunno if that makes sense or not. 




 Second vouch for Colosseum.   It's definitely pricey compared to economy gyms like Fitness 19 and PF, but if you want to lift and lift right it's the place.  I'd been powerlifting for several months and spent just one hour with one of their trainers (they have zillions) and learned a ton. Didnt know about  the groupon thing, wish I'd known about that...  




 hey thanks - unfortunately i'll be away but please remind me next time!  




 But...  but I thought Casino's were the epicenter of morality and responsibility and would only attract wealthy out of state citizens looking for mildly exciting entertaining while donating to our state Education funds.    




 yeah I gotcha  




  Bier Baron

Thank you! Is this basically BrickSkeller part deux ? Location seems the same, menu instantly reminded me of it, even the model of "over 600 beers". 

 




 hey thanks I was using the wrong key. stupid me. they sent two keys (one right, one wrong) and the wrong one fits just enough to seem like it's the right one not fitting.   if that makes sense.

 




 That's actually not bad if they were truly jumbos.  I've paid more than that for mediums that were called large :(   

I need to get a  john boat and get back out there myself....  




 Hi all, I bought some winters on new wheels as a complete combo online, and my mechanic mounted them. Invoice says they are  [montegi 128] (https://www.google.com/search?q=motegi+mr+128), with locking lubs that look like [this]  (http://www.amazon.com/Spline-Drive-Small-Diameter-12x1-75/dp/B008RCINW0/).

Thing is, with the key provided I can't get them off.  There simply isn't enough clearance between the lugnut and the wheel to fully seat the socket key, so it's rounding instead.  I honestly can't figure out how the shop got them on in the first place.  Could it be their key has a slimmer wall and fits better ?  Or maybe it's just one of those things where putting them on requires a lot less torque than getting them off ? 

When I looked up the wheel and googled it, every picture shows lug nuts with internal threads.  Never seen that before, but it would explain why there isn't clearance for a socket.  I don't like locking lug nuts either ; don't live in a region where having my tires stolen is likely, and it's alot more likely to just present big problems with changing a flat than anything else.   I have special stripped socket removers that will probably get these off, but at the cost of destroying them... is it possible to replace them with normal nuts if I just go ahead and replace the lug bolts as well?   Thanks


 




 Hey fellas is the Brickskeller still considered the bomb ?   




 tl;dr. 




 You obviously haven't dealt with the Md comptroller's office.  "Competent" isn't a word I would use to describe them.   




  out sourced, practice crab 

Added to lexicon !! ;) 




 mine does at least. they have the ON *isolate* which is the best I've found so far in terms of having very few extraneous calories.  




 I'm mostly playing, but seriously over here they cut down trees along the Parkway to make room for condos.  Traffic is pretty fricking horrible around the clock now, and the beaches are so damn crowded.... 




 I prefer to run and / or workout after work, so that I don't have a deadline and can take as long as I want.  




 I did a couple days backpacking over the break so when I finally came down out of the mountains I ate three breakfasts at once.  The waitress couldn't believe it.  But 3 days on mountain house and beef jerky .... believe it. 




 i also get my ON at Costco.  Don't remember the exact price, but remember than when I checked the price and checked  the quality of the ON (I get the isolate) it was a no brainer.  




 If you went from the couch to a 3 mile run than having flat feet probably has nothing to do with it; that's just plain ole "too much too soon". 

If  you want to start running, I definitely encourage you to :  

a) go to /r/running specifically and start learning more, 

b) go to a Running store - not a sports store, not a shoe store, but a running store to get fitted with the proper shoes for your foot and gait.   The right shoes makes a big difference.  

c) start  it very slow and build gains gradually avoiding injury along the way. 




 and don't forget to account for paying the man.  




 bears or bubbas ? 




 /r/ANormalDayInRussia 




 highways surrounded by trees. 
heavily urbanized area to the countryside in just 25 minutes
pristine beaches

Oh, so you left in ..... the 80's ? 

 




 I've been on long hikes where I start singing to myself.  After a point, I just need to hear music.  If I can't hear music, than I'll make music to hear.  




 yep, I hear ya.  It's kind of a "takes a ccw to spot a ccw" type bag.  




 Yeah, you know yesterday while playing around with relatives (food still cooking ? Lets make fire !) my daughter suggested I take a pencil sharpener to make shavings from sticks.  Pretty ingenious idea actually. 




 Its also pretty simple to light a lighter.

Lighters are definitely convenient, but I've definitely had them fail on me, fortunately not when I depended on them. So now I carry a light for convenience and speed, but also carry a mag/ferro and a couple wet cubers.    I see it as one is quick and easy, the other slower and a bit more of a pain but guaranteed. 




 this seams pretty reasonable.  Even though I backpack with a propane stove, I make a point of having two additional fires on me, one of which is a mag/ferro bar and some wetfire cubes.  If you can't start a fire with those damn things, you just can't start a fire.   




 yeah, good point, hadn't though of that... last time I carried a sidearm it was in a thigh holster, not exactly park friendly ;)  




 You wouldn't believe how much beef jerky, pepperoni, salami and pouches  of tuna are to be found on the AT.  That's all I ate for an entire 12 mile day. 




 Not to burst your ccw bubble but if  I were passing you on the trail, I'd immediately ask you what you were carrying ;) they scream 'carry pouch'.

they do look useful for "body storage separate from a pack" as you said though. 
 




 Just take all your stuff, and put it in a runner's pocket belt. The pockets stretch like pythons to swallow up more gear than they look like they would, and they're surprisingly comfortable to wear, and you can wear them next to skin 24/7 and put anything else you want (parka, clothes) on top of it so it's always with you.

Honestly though in your scenario, without more details (ie it's 40 degrees and getting colder, or you're 3 days from nearest town) than I'd just camel up on the river water, hoard the snickers, and start hoofing. 

You should always know where you are when hiking as well, and know your bailout.  In other words, at any point you should be able to lose your map and compass and generally know the bailout route.  It's not as hard as it sounds - it's often as simple as "that draw takes me to hardball." You don't have to remember specific trails, distances, etc, just "in an emergency, if I remember nothing other than go down that draw or hike up that spur it will get me to hardball and then i can move fast or flag someone down".  

You'd be surprised how many miles you can log in a day on minimal food, especially if you carry calorie tanks around your belly.  Snickers is very dense too.  Seriously.  I've done all-day strenuous hikes with a light pack on no food at all, but I have plenty of calorie reserves.

If the idea of drinking river water au naturelle doesn't appeal to you, and the area isn't abundant with springs (many of which I'd have no problem at all drinking from straight in a pinch) than carry a 25 dollar sawyer mini in your pocket. 

Fishing kit ... LoL.  If you're ever in an area so remote that hunkering down and FISHING becomes your best survival option than I would hope that emergency step 1 would be to activate the beacon, step 2 would be try to locate satphone.   




 Funny what you noted about tent footprints.  I just got a new small tent and elected to pass on the footprint, since I intentionally paid alot of money for a very light weight tent. While on the AT I find a lovely campground to bed down for in the night and ... like so many campgrounds here in Maryland ... the sites are all gravel.  

Since I hope to bring my dog into this new tent, a foot print would  help there as well....in this case going INSIDE it to help prevent her claws from piercing the gossamer floor. 

I think one good thing about these lists however is that they get people thinking more about what they do and don't need, and thinking about the different angles to gear and hopefully helps them rethink conventional wisdom.   




 Also forgot, Bertha's in Fells Point.  Feels like for decades you'd see those Eat Bertha's Muscles bumperstickers *everywhere* 




 And if we're just including great places that aren't necessarily a "maryland unique" thing ... Ethel and Ramones is one of the best restaurants I've enjoyed in the entire Washington Baltimore region.  Cajun and Creole, all presented by a chef owner steep in one of the most famous New Orleans restaurants.   It's on my short list of favorite restaurants in the region, for sure. 




 Yep, pretty sure they're using pasteurized, forgot about that.  




 Yep, all depends on where you live/hike.   




 this is true. I do enjoy elevating my feet on my ruck at night though.  




  3 season tents during winter in the White Mountains
My understanding of the Whites is that 3 of your seasons *are* winter.

 




 INTERESTING.  It looks like someone decided to build a better mousetrap.  I like the large dump pouch on top, perfect for say ditching the hat/sunglasses temporarily.   I'm a little curious about these lines though: 

water-resistant/breathable soft-shell fabric  /  100% waterproof fully-taped seams throughout 

One of the benefits of a poncho is that it's a simple, single large sheet that shouldn't need taping.  This one also weighs 2.5 pounds, so I'd say it's probably best for non backpacking use. 
 




 Oh, there is.  LoL. 




 I have scolios and thoratic kyfosis. Years of pain, serious posture problems and occasional chiropracty. Bad posture to the point where people would say stuff about it.  

Over the last several months I've made a big transformation.  Of all of it, I would say honestly that the biggest impact on my posture has been the yoga, deadlifts, and rows. Can't say enough good stuff about doing deadlifts.  




 I really want to find the right one. I have a couple nice PVC ones purchased on the cheap years ago, but they're too small for a pack.  For me the key is finding one large enough to go full hunchback of Notre Dame with.  I mail just mail order a military one... they're just so useful.  I can't tell you how many nights I've spent just under a poncho hooch.  




 Charm City Cakes, actually got themselves a reality show and product line in major grocery stores. 

Boh hasn't been a Maryland brand in 20 years which fascinates me especially since I've seen young folks (in their 20's) with Mr Boh tattoos.  

I would agree on G M although I'd say the other side of that crabcake debate is Timbuktu. 

 




 Irocinally despite their plastering the Maryland flag on every square inch of anything they can, they're also quite proud of being the single largest importer of the asian blue  *swimming* crab.  

 




