 I seriously doubt it is.

There's no hard and fast rule for this.  If you call your dress that, and an attorney for the movie company thinks it looks to similar, and they feel like suing you, you'd get sued.  You'd have to pay for an attorney to defend you. 




  If I sell them only on a marketplace for handmade items and specifically state "This is not an xx-licensed product," would that satisfy that requirement?

Almost certainly not. 




 I thought I read somewhere that it has to be 20% different, but I don't know if that's right.

I've never heard that.  How do you judge want percentage of a dress is different?

 




 [Come on.](http://bit.ly/1CwahrG) 




 This is just a hypothetical situation.

Sounds like maybe it's your torts homework. 




 I would be ok with a mutual agreement that neither parent is allowed to have their unmarried partners over during child visitation.

You have little to no chance of getting something like this.

You should speak with an attorney so they can inform a judge about what's going on.  If what you're saying is true the girlfriend's actions are inappropriate and a judge can order her to stop. 




 Top comment to the old post is from NYPL... :( 




 Not a legal issue. He should go to the head of the department.  




 If you want the prenup to be valid you both need to retain separate attorneys to review it before signing.  




  ya because i would prefer not to pay. I'm not saying I am a good guy or anything.

The cop can and would issue you a new ticket for going 44 in a school zone. 




 I'm in the midwestern US. I'd rather not say which city.

What state? 




 We don't do referrals here.  You can call your local bar association and ask them for a recommendation. 




 As I understand it, the FPT concept exists in criminal law and allows defendants to be charged with a string of crimes all descending from the original violation. Why does it not extend into civil tort law?

[That is not at all what that means.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fruit_of_the_poisonous_tree) 




 This is not a legal issue.  It is an administrative issue with the school. 




 If you're going to be running a real life charity, you need to consult with a real life attorney.  This is too big an issue to ask here. 




 There is nothing here. If you made a formal request for the tweets they would print them out and give them to you.  




 I'm not sure what you're trying to say. It is a fact that both mulatto and negro originated as Spanish terms and have since become part of our language.  




 Negro is a Spanish term too.  They've both become a part of the English language. 




 Here's my comment. 




 I've never heard the term used in the North East, and I've known many mixed race, or biracial, people.  If you google it, you get results that refer to it as a derogatory term.  It's archaic in the majority of the United States.  I certainly wouldn't refer to someone as a negro or colored, just as I wouldn't refer to them as mulatto.  The fact that your cousins are okay with it doesn't change that. 




 How else would you describe someone who is half-black and half-white?

Mixed race? 




  OP sustained an injury to his honor and his standing in his family.

Good thing OP isn't a Klingon. 




  mulatto

Do...do people still use that word? 




 You can sue the bus company yourself in small claims. 




 Cast iron pans have to be the most bizarre circlejerk on this site. 




 The first thing to remember is that you need permission from the government to erect something on government property.

If permission is granted, the government must let any other private group that wishes to erect a monument do so, so long as they are comparable.  For example, if a small cross is erected in a park, the local atheist society cannot put up a 20 foot tall billboard-they can put up something comparable to the small cross, like a small sign, etc. 




 No one has contested it because that would be stupid. Lawyers get paid for the work they do. There's no require you be an "expert" whatever that means in order to bill someone for something.  




 Social engineering isn't a real thing. Do you mean via fraud and/or lies? 




 Yes of course it is, so long as what he described actually happened.  




 I'm a municipal prosecutor and it makes things tough. Their only option often is to go to trial. There's not much else I can do for them sometimes.  




 What an idiot.  




 Why can't someone go in and then mail it to you? 




 No plea bargains for DUI allowed in NJ.  




 In NJ it actually changes the fines and penalties. Also the municipal prosecutor doesn't need to show her driving was unsafe, only that she appeared to be under the influence. The field sobriety test is a good indicator of that assuming it was done properly.  




 Plea bargaining for DUI is not permitted in NJ. You'll want an attorney to review the discovery and the information on the breathalyzer. Her potential penalties will depend on what she blew. She's looking at minimum a 3 month lines suspension and several hundred in fines.  




 For real? 




 Can they arrest her for not feeding a patient? I would hope so.  




 "Principle of legality" I have no idea what this means.

"Right to a fair trial" There is no specified right to a fair trial in the Constitution.  However, the Sixth Amendment guarantees a number of rights that, taken as a whole, ensures that trials are fair. 




 The question was not "how do I fight this ticket."  The question was is GPS evidence real or was that a scare tactic. That question was answered.  




 Lol okay. What helpful advice would you provide? 




 None of which makes citicop's response wrong, much less disgusting. He was absolutely correct. If there is GPS data it CAN be used against you.  




 What are you talking about? Cops do that all the time.  




 I got a lot of upvotes for that. 

Also downvoted.  




 Citicop's response was 100% on point. What was "disgusting" about that? 




 If you don't fill out proper paperwork the church can refuse to perform the ceremony.  




  does hereby remise, release, acquit, satisfy, and forever discharge with prejudice the said Releasee, of and from all manner of actions, causes of action, suits, debts, covenants, contracts, controversies, agreements, promises, claims and demands whatsoever, which said Releasor ever had, now has, or which any personal representative, successor, heir or assign of said Releasor, hereafter can, shall or may have, against said Releasee, by reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever, from the beginning of time to the date of this instrument with relation to claim certificate #

 




 So the shipping company has insurance. Their insurance settled with you. You have ale of no chance of a successful lawsuit after a defendant's insurance settles with you.  




 And who are you attempting to sue? 




 The locationbot works just fine and performs a needed service. 

Also this is not a democracy!! The mods rule with an iron fist! I'm starting an underground brotherhood to oppose them from the shadows...just call me Emmanuel Goldstein... 




 Wait who purchased the insurance that reimbursed you? 




 It says it takes into account the value you put down. Not that that value is set in stone.  If it's not reasonable they can discard it.  




 I get your point about the PR campaign, however the point is to make it untenable for him to drag it on and NOT settle. The goal is to never get in front of a judge.

Again, if he has insurance it is quite likely they will pay for an attorney to defend him. 

The insurance can also stand in the shoes of the insured whereby they are asserting his rights. The release on behalf of the company can be found to apply to their insured as well.  




 Immediately prior to filing the lawsuit, I intend on launching a very aggressive (although far from extortionate or libelous) PR/marketing campaign against him.

A judge would likely hate this and it would make you look terrible. Skip it. 

If he has insurance they pay for his attorney. If you've settled with his insurance you're likely reading the release wrong if you think you can still go after him.  




 Just because a website hasn't been shut down yet doesn't mean it's legal. 




 She can recover the actual amount of her damages. Punitive damages are highly unlikely. 




 You can subpoena the trooper or ask the court to dismiss the case. Your case is likely not as slam dunk as you think.  




 [...](http://makeameme.org/media/created/well-that-escalated-jmg8n6.jpg) 




 Boooooo 









 Has she been asking those attorneys for work? Her looks have nothing to do with it. Also your daughter is an adult and needs to be solving her own problems. Having her parents try to help her out isn't going to take her far. Offer her encouragement but otherwise she needs to work this out on her own.  




 What books would you recommend to the average person to just educate himself for general knowledge. Getting to know your rights, understating how the system works, and what i can do as a citizen to be savy and not a victim of a complex world i know nothing about.

The vast vast majority of people are not attorneys, have little to no legal knowledge, and yet still go through their entire lives happy and healthy. It's highly unlikely that you'd be a "victim" or anything, nor is it likely that a situation would arise where legal knowledge is immediately necessary. Just don't talk to the police if they suspect you of a crime and you'll be fine.  




 If they have your number already what's the concern about giving them a copy of your card? 




 No one here will help you abuse the legal process just so you can be a dick.  




  That makes it extraordinarily difficult to act when the rules of what a person can and cannot do are intentionally made fuzzy.

And yet somehow the vast majority of the population finds a way to get by. 




 I'll flip it around. It a simple waiver of all liability was so simple, why doesn't everyone use them all the time? Why are there any lawsuits?

Signing a waiver may show assumption of the risk. However, that does not absolve you from any and all lawsuits. You can't act in a negligent manner and expect not to get sued.  




 Because those waivers are usually not worth the paper they're written on. At most they can show that you understood risk is involved. You could still be sued for any negligence.  




 [It's not entrapment.  It's never entrapment.](http://thecriminallawyer.tumblr.com/post/19810672629/12-i-was-entrapped) 




 Hyperbole bro.  




 Do not talk to the detective without an attorney present. 




 What a dick. I think people who eschew emotions and only rely on *le reddit logic* piss me off the most.  




 They named a product after /u/zapopa's mom? 




 Do you work for a federal agency?

If yes, does your work with that agency involve you have substantial personal responsibility in any type of matter involving Home Depot? 




 When you go you should have the opportunity to speak with the prosecutor beforehand. Tell him what happened and he may cut you a break.  




 [person tested negative, no measles scare.](http://abcnews.go.com/Health/measles-exposure-kids-touch-museum/story?id=27964909) 




  "He gets paid whether you go to jail or not. He doesn't care."

So does every lawyer. How do you think that works? 




