 I too play on cobalt. Why was the clip of, cause now that I play it it seems to be an ad :/ 




 http://youtu.be/jUfvZs01ePI

If you post what server you play on, I might be able to make a new char and fly with you sometime. 




 No one wants to play on empty servers 




 They have a flag now? 




 Flash op 




 I despise the new system of continent locking, and fail to understand what the goal of this system is. I assumed the continent locking system would prevent unbalanced populations on continents, or bring players from indar onto Esamir and Amerish, however, I was truly disappointed.

The only continent I enjoy playing on is Esamir. The landscape isn't the greatest, however, that is the only continent that I can get good frames on, because PS2 is so poorly optimized, it makes Arma 2 look good. Now, after switching between 3 different characters, on 3 different servers, it just so happens that Esamir is locked on all of them.

What is the point of the continent locking system? Well, on the bright side, SOE statistics on performance will now show that the game is performing even better, because everyone who plays on Esamir because their PC cannot handle med-large battles on the other continents, due to the poor optimization, memory leaks, and so forth, will quit playing. 




 His head is huge, and empty... 




 How many times did the gun go off?

Edit: the school show and tell 




 That'll fix the fps for sure... 




 She gets life in prison for this, but a woman who tore her sons testicles only gets 2 years? Fuck society... 









 "We do not stop on a highway for animals, it's not worth it."

Sort of a douche thing to say. I may sound like an asshole, but there are a lot less ducks alive than humans, and their death will impact the ecosystem more than two humans dying. 

She was stupid to leave her car there, but the accident wasn't entirely her fault. 




 Looks like their offices are sausage fests... 




 If it takes so much skill, learn to aim to the point where It takes you 2-3 shot before you hit an ESF, and stop bitching.

Simply l2aim. 




 After they reach the peak of sales. 




 Flak is more dangerous than annoying my friend, if the gunner is smart. Now imagine flak and g2a lockons are everywhere.... Oh, and only 3 lockons kill you.... Food for thought?

All I see here is "br100's vetted stuff after playing for hundreds of hours, but i don't want to work for it" 




 Do you fly an ESF? 




 You hear about that street shooting the other day, kid shot himself in the foot in the middle of the street... 




 Air isn't the problem. The fact that your whole faction in the battle is waiting for someone else to play AA is the issue. If there are aircraft dominating a fight, repair an aa turret, pull a burster max, pull a sky guard, he'll even a lockon launcher will make them go away. 




 Unfortunately, some of them are ridiculously stupid. 




 Clearly SOE wants everything to be specialized, so why not allow us to refit our air Vic's?

It could cost like 25 aero resources for each weapon you change and what not. 

This would make it better for switching between a2a and a2g load outs. 




 I should have made it more clear that they went overboard on their nerfs on libs. I agree they need nerfs, but just amplifying their sound, and making them slower/less mauverable, and see how that would change things.

The reason people use rocket pods is: versatility. This is also the one thing game the game lacks.  




 Why does SOE constantly over-nerf? First, they needed rocket pods, so they didn't hurt infantry, now they are merging them against vehicles? 

First they said that rocket pods were meant to kill tanks, now yet are meant only AI?

So tell me SOE, what fked up stats are you basing these nerfs on? You clearly aren't takin into consideration that sky guard will destroy all air now, since libs and ESF won't stand a chance against them? When you use your statistics to make nerfs, do you take into account the amount of dodging that ESF's must do while fighting vehicles? Because the vehicles don't have to dodge, most of them can shoot back, and outdps the ESF's already.

Why don't you make small incremental nerfs, so you don't overdo it, and make the vehicle useless? 

 




 "As a BR 1 blah blah blah..." You didn't think this argument through. Irately, a BR 1 will have an uncerted air vehicle, making it hardly effective. Secondly, it requires skills that new players don't have.

You can easily take down enemy air with 20 mins of practice with any AA weapon, whereas it takes 30-50 hours of flying to be decent.

 




 Rocket pods don't need a nerf... It is hard enough to survive coming within 500m of an enemy sunderer with enemies that think "oh, look, air! Let's grab AA!"

Have you thought this through? I feel like this will do more damage to the air game, and the lib issues aren't being fixed: they can  turn around practically as fast as am ESF. It is ridiculously hard to fight a solo lib, considerig it is a bomber, it should need an ESF escort to survive enemy ESF attacks.

 




 Lol, I had the option to spawn at NC's WG 




 This has been pissing me off lately. I don't know whether this is a bug, or a stupid mechanic of the game. For some reason, the game decides to give me shitty spawns I don't care about, but areas being capped, with 0% our pop, don't give us spawns?

http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=267590053
http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=267589686

Quite frankly, doesn't help fights. 




 How much do you fly an ESF. If you have less that 30 hrs in the air, your opinions about thermal are invalid. 




 Can I borrow your enemies? Mine shoot back.... 




 Essentially coyotes? 




 Buffing AA 




 Libs are the problem. The current AA is really effective against ESF's, and buffing it would make ESF's unplayable. 




 Nerfs... Lots of em  




 Libs are the issue, not esf's. Esf and galaxies fit their role, while libs don't. With a decent pilot, libs are good for a2a and a2g, that isn't why they are around. Don't nerf ESF, libs need a nerf.

Edit: autocorrect fixes 




 Mattherson laggs quite a bit at times, this is even with a lower pop.  




 Wisest thing ever said. Some people don't understand that air can only dominate if it isn't attacked. 3 HA's with locking can kill an esf instantly. 

I play AA, and am a decent pilot, and you won't believe how many times we big out when we get locked on. Some pilots use flares though,not my thing. 

 




 When will AA get a nerf? Burster maxs and sky guard can destroy an esf in 2-3 seconds. When will soe make air game better? I feel like I am flying paper in the sky.

The amount of time and effort we put in to be decent pilots, is all countered by weapons, that require 1/100th of the skill to use.
Mattiace did a good job of explaining why there should be a balance for skill, not just weapons. http://youtu.be/F7AxfS3FHTQ

What are your opinions on AA as pilots, and what are your opinions on AA when playing the role of AA? 




