 I was thinking this same thing recently, and came to the conclusion that we need both subconscious and conscious control of our breathing or we would quickly die. 

for example, if we always had only conscious control of our breathing, we would die as soon as we fell asleep. 

and if it was only unconsciously controlled, we wouldn't be able to hold our breath, like if we were underwater, our body would be in control and continue to try and breathe. 
 




 partial eclipses are a thing.  




 That's a lunar eclipse.  




 Employers demand 24 hour work days.  




 I'm in Australia, so maybe not helpful, but I dropped out of high school, I've had some no experience required jobs, travelled and am now studying at university. 
I don't think dropping out affected me much at all.   




 I'd assume they could survive in either places. But neither animal would travel the length of the globe without human assistance. And they exist in those places for the same reasons that gorillas live in Africa and kangaroos live in Australia. They evolved there, they're specially adapted to that particular environment and have had no reason to migrate to other places of the world   




 Same story. Incredible! 




 I didn't see anything but relatives on the eyre peninsula said something spooked their kangaroos. one escaped and two are injured. They also said other people are talking about seeing a bright flash.  




 just used 

"I remembered I don't like going out in public, so I'm going to stay in bed" 




 North terrace, rundle mall/street, Hindley street are fairly busy most of the time,  but South of there its fairly quiet, like regular suburb quiet.  




 Oh yeah. We're all alone.  Alone in our loneliness.   




 me too, unless online strangers count towards the total
 




 I think thats what it said, I've been searching for the source, but not having any luck.  




 Yeah,  don't worry,  you're not alone.   




 I read somewhere that we need to talk to at least 7 people a day to avoid insanity. 

don't know how true that is, but it sounds reasonable.   




 Nah,  you were an orc. weakest link (because of your vision) do they had to get rid of you.   




 I'd recommend Optus, for mobile phones, I've had the best experience with them,  good constant signal, reasonably priced,  good customer service. also Telstra and Optus are the only companies that work rurally,  if you wanted to travel around and use your phone I'd recommend sticking with either of those two.   




 Its night time, and you're vision impaired. orcs smashed your glasses.   




 stop and go 




 slaughtered by orcs 




 my mum yelling "wake up! The phantom rabbits are back!" 

I jumped out of bed in a panic, freaking out and wondering what weapon I needed to defend us from the phantom rabbits. 

Turns out she had actually said that the rabbits had escaped and I needed to help catch them. less frightening but my heart was racing for a while still.  




 climb all the world's tallest mountains. 
And hire a personal trainer to get me fit enough to do that.  




 put ribbons in her hair.

She is beautiful.  




 The one in the pink dress knows how to work the camera 




 TIL grain is a talented sculptor.  




 They will go back to look for their joey of they can 




 Is that an unfortunate scooby? 




 I prefer manual to automatic, makes diving that little bit more interesting. But most people my age (25) and younger have no idea how to drive manual 




 I hope you receive a hug soon. 




 Every guy I've been with had lost their virginity, but it honestly wouldn't bother me either way, its not even something I would think about.   




 I live in South Australia.   




 $29? I feel like I was ripped off now!   




 I used to go in and manually sweep and shovel out the grain from the bottom of the cells, that was only a few years ago but since then they've made it a lot safer, only trained people can enter the cells and they use the electric sweep. 
 




 That's horrible, sorry.  




 South Australia.  viterra.   




 Its not too risky,  one guy I knew of was killed by a truck,  and that was a freak accident,  otherwise it's pretty safe, they employ some very stupid people sometimes who manage to stay alive easily.  




 Sorry to hear.  There are dangers but also many safety precautions.  
I also know of a few people who have died in farming accidents,  it's tragic,  but you have more chance of dying in a car,  life always has risks 




 She,  and barleys the worst,  so I avoided that when I could,  wheats fine.     




 Its not that dangerous,  I broke my arm once but that was my own fault. 

And one man was run over by a truck and killed. 

But not that dangerous.   




 Not offended at all,  and maybe you're right, who knows what advancements can be made in this area.  
But in my mum's case, her pelvis is too narrow, even though I was only 7 pounds at birth, I wasn't going to fit. I'm not sure how many non barbaric methods could help in those kinds of situations.   




 I would have died if my mother didn't have a c - section,  im pretty sure they aren't going any where.   




 olives. One snuck is way into my mouth once,  never ever again.   




 brings me to tears every time I think of it.  Is beautiful.   




 grain silo work,  $25 an hour and mostly all you do is sweep or take a nap.  




 I bought a dozen eggs last week,  all but 1 were double yolk.

It was hands down the best week of my life.  




 There are so many evil people in the world to choose from,  but I'm going to go with my sisters boyfriend.  

my dad, a sensible,  easy going person recently said "I've lived a good long life,  I could kill Shaun"

we don't like shaun.   




 second this. saibt was really good,  i got into second year bachelor of arts with it after not finishing year 12.  




 I used to love Midwest trader during my teen angst stage.  




 None of this is your fault.  
Your stepdad molested you,  clearly he had other serious issues going on,  a sane and well-adjusted person wouldn't do something so awful.  don't blame yourself for another person's mental instability.  

 




 I prefer the spelling maedhbh. Just that extra element of confusion.    




 rural South Australia.  


try not to breathe or you will inhale flies. 

They make up about 50% of our diets during the summer.  :) 




 Or the only bidder 




 bird watching. 

Just in the backyard,  watching them all go about their days.   




 I want it to be daytime now,  so I can sit in the sun with tea and a book (probably a uni text book,  but whatever)  




 I pulled my nephew to hard by his arm when he was running away from me.  
The look he gave me broke my heart and made me feel like a horrible monster. 

Damn kids and their innocent puppy dog eyes.  




 I used to leave hidden 'treasures' all over the place when I was a kid,  but I don't remember what or where.  But some day someone will find them. 

 




 Some people are over weight due to medical reasons, illnesses, medications, syndromes can cause sudden rapid weight gain. 

my cousin gained a lot of weight recently and was diagnosed with PCOS, she had been skinny her whole life to that point and the weight gain caused her to develop severe depression,  which she is now medicated for, side effect of the medication is weight gain.  

She is overweight,  but shouldn't be shamed.  If you shame all fat people,  you're also shaming people who honestly have very little control over their weight.  She's losing weight but it takes a hell of a lot longer and is a hell of a lot harder to lose it than gain it.  

But also, shaming people isn't going to change them,  or help them, it just makes them feel awful.   




 corky lulu. brilliant 




 ;) 




 I do, have only found one joey that was already deceased, but I keep checking.   




 Get the my fitness pal app, it's very easy to use and I find it to be really helpful, it suggests a ideal calorie limit for you.  I stick to between 1200 and 1400 calories a day,  which is working for me, 25/f

 




 I've heard of peeing on jellyfish stings.. But on the jellyfish. ..? Is that a thing?   




 Don't get dreads,  you'll regret it in 7 months.  
And would it kill you to go for a run?  No,  no it wouldn't.  




 I'm happy to help, seat sniffer.  




 I don't know,  my brain blocks embarrassing memories. 

But I like to remind my cousin of the time she gave us a butt puppet show. scarring.  




 normal, normal, massive fur coats,  normal. .. 

They are beautiful photos.  twins are beautiful.   




 I'd let him in and put a bow-tie on him, maybe some old - timey reading glasses too.   




 Sorry to burst your bubble, but yes you can.  




 Me, male.  




 centrelink forms 




 for a long time I didn't get the fuss about Zac efron. 

I get it now.  




 zooey deschanel  




 Every uni lecturer I've ever had.  




 Trying to decide which end gets the toilet. I've pleasantly experienced both options, and I found that cleaning vomit from the floor is preferable to cleaning horrible, death poop from your clothes and body.  




 dalmatians 




 I noticed 




 'lying, stealing, psycho scum' all over the face of my sisters boyfriend.  




 I overcame my fear of city driving by dreaming that I was an excellent driver.  




 is this referencing something? 




 They're all parents and/ or farmers/ farmers wives.  




 I've used sauce kept in the pantry my whole life, never once died from it. 

 




 You'd think with all languages on earth that there would be something. disappointed in humans right now.  




 I want to travel around Australia, camping and seeing the sights, just 'living free' 

currently have uni, no money, no car, no tent, fear of murderers lurking in the bushes.  




 No translation. :,( 




 throughout my teen years I didn't care about germs at all, I hardly ever washed my hands, even after touching things like bus seats, covered in all kinds of gross. I would get mildly sick about once every 18 or so months and only for a day or two.

since I've started to wash my hands regularly and I'm not going out in public as often, I get sick every few months. 

so, exposure to 'germs' plays a part in building a strong immune system.  




 Being moments from death and thinking of all the things I wish I had done. 

although, my dreams suggest that I'm afraid of tsunamis.  




 I'm sorry, losing a pet is so hard. hope you'll be ok 




 You should probably see a counsellor   




 business is good?  




 Poor Nan 




 Is this one of those stories? 




 I read a book by Prof. Brian Cox in which he explains this, he uses very simple examples to explain something very complex. You should check it out. Forgot what its called... 

edit: 
 its  "why does e=mc2?" 

really great book for people who know nothing about physics. (Like me) 




 What do you do/ sell?  




 to get into the boys hole? 




 capt bodgers 




 Two faced scumbags 




 If I could, I would take him immediately. I also asked my parents but they already stuck with two dogs I've saved and my sisters.

good luck, beautifully ugly dog.   




 What's this book called? A friend wants to know 




 This is a good way of looking at it, I deal with my problems on my own (or ignore them, on my own) although sometimes I wish I had no responsibilities, I do ok mostly.  




 I envy you, I see a lot of people that have just one of those things, but not doing well with the others, like good job but bad relationship, it's rare to see someone who has every aspect of their life under control and then also enjoys their life. 

edit: from what I can tell, looking at the people around me.  




 Bath tub 




 On a day like today- Keane  




 Water

-for if my housemates are in the shower but I also need a shower

- for when I'm thirsty

- to entertain the neighbours during a heat wave

- put out fires (probably made by other dragons)
 




