 Until I get deployed it's free. I got 10k for my reenlistment too 




 I think it's meant to test your mettle. Some will assimilate and do exactly as expected with unrelenting discipline. Others will use lazyness and boredom as motivation to innovate and problem solve.

i think both are useful traits/habits to hone for a soldier.

The military needs disciplined rank and file to unquestioningly obey orders like a cog in a machine and they also need them to strategically adapt in unusual situations to gain a military advantage. 

Suddenly my ingrained desire to beat the system comes in handy when our squad is outnumbered on the battlefield and we need a cunning plan to outmanuver an asymmetrical enemy.

I'm basically talking out of my ass as I haven't been deployed yet but I'd be lying if I said polishing my beat the system skills hasn't given me advantages elsewhere in my life 




 Halfway through we had a pizza party. I saw a dude pay 20 bucks for a second slice of pizza. Money loses all value in a place where you can't spend it. Its like a post apocalyptic world void of fun.  




 Choo choo? 




 I'm Reserves, I joined for free college and other perks. I regret nothing and just re-enlisted. 




 9 times out of 10 dude is just going to pop their head in the room, see a bunch of people with something in the arms and moving around, bark an obligatory "hurry up" and then walk on down the hall to do the same thing to the next group.

This won't necessarily work on "clean your barracks" day but works great on "we fucked up and have nothing planned for you to do so look busy cleaning something" day. You'll have a lot more of these at AIT vs Basic. 




 We had tons of spare time. The schedule was packed but every class was usually 15 minutes doing a task and 6 hours waiting for everyone else to have a turn at it. 




 Some other tips if you're going to basic:

-1 Sleep on your made bed so you don't have to make it in the morning.

-2 Keep your clean clothes in your dirty laundry bag and put your actual dirty clothes in a sealed trash bag inside the laundry bag as well... the more clean laundry you "appear" to have, the more you have to have neatly folded in your wall locker. I kept one of every clothing article neatly folded in my locker and had the rest crammed neckbeard style in my laundry bag. 

Others started doing it too and the drill sgt bitched that 

*"we was all nasty asses with our big Santa bags and we needed to wash our clothes"*

they never enforced this though

-3 If you are running or moving quickly noone will ever assume you are idle and will not ask what you're doing or task you to do something.

-4. have a premediditated answer for when someone of s higher rank asks what you are doing. If you ever say "nothing" they'll give you something to do.

-5. If you're put on some bullshit polish-the-ceiling detail, take a broom and other cleaning equipment and break it into smaller pieces. Hand each piece of the broom, mop etc to other privates so everyone has a cleaning item they can instantly begin animating with if a sgt walks in the room. This way when youre just sitting around and someone walks in, you look busy. 

I used to call my broom handle my "Greater staff of Sergeant warding"...  it really worked!

Most of the cleaning details you get are over after a specified time... not after its "clean" (spoiler: it never will be!)

 




 Yes  




 It forced a few people into melee and tank roles but luckily they were pt studs  




 I'm not sure why there would be demand for it outside prison and the army (only two places i know where conventional fun is outlawed) but sure I guess  




 I'd have to dig through my old BCT box and see if I still have it but I don't think it was organized or balanced enough to be published.

Would be great to keep in your underground conspiracy bunker though for post apocalyptic entertainment. 




 I think dice are banned to prevent gambling, not to oppress m'privates 




 I think I took the "level 1" part of my warrior tasks a little too seriously  




 They wouldn't have allowed that. It was a basic solar calculator to speed up the algebra.

For example let's say that in the cave there were 20 possible monsters you could randomly encounter.

divide 100 by 20 and give each monster a range... and hit the stop watch twice at random intervals.

This gave me two 0 to 9 numbers... 

00 to 04 was monster 1.... 05 to 09 was monster 2... etc

Spell example:


roll 0 to 9

If roll  (enemy evasion modifier) then attack hits and:

Base spell damage * (intellect score / 10) * (enemy resistance) * (armor bonus) * (random number to keep successive attacks adifferent amounts)

For spells there was a base power thst multiplied off your intellect and then multiplied by a random number modifier to make it unpredictable.

I used people's ASVAB test scores for their intellect modifier and had them roll for other caster stats.

I wouldn't let them roll for most of their melee stats either.. I used their actual physical fitness scores.

Pushups were strength, situps were defense and run was speed. I figured this would encourage all of us (including me) to enjoy PT more knowing it would play into our game at night.

*Come on private, 13 more pushups and you'll have enough base melee to one shot Warlock Wilson!*

BCT was a LOT of mind numbing waiting... and my mind wanders more than cockroach at a buffet so I just sat for hours while everyone else's minds rotted and came up with ideas for lore and game mechanics... then during our personal time we played  




 I got made fun of at first, but by week 3 about 1/3 the platoon was fighting over who won the *Braided Necklace* drop off the *Sand Dragon of Time*

The drill sgts still thought I was the biggest nerd alive but let me do my thing 









 http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/2y51z7/im_an_82year_old_lady_who_has_never_been_online/ 









 I'm sorry for making it interesting to read. It's the one scary story I've told that's completely true though.  




 His cell phone (supposedly) refused to work as well 




 I don't believe in ritualistic bs.

My takeaway of the experience is that a spirit is no match for a sound, emotionless mind. They can only harm me by possessing others and I defused that... unless it decided to let me think I won... guess I'll never know 




 I've been doing it for quite a while in a comedy/magazine format I was thinking of taking the plunge into trying a novel.

My magazine earns about 75 cents per 250 unique visitors. But I only do affiliate marketing with it. Not sure what I'd make doing CPC but I might keep doing affiliate through Amazon.

Adam carolla supports his podcast by telling people to click his amazon link before making a purchase. Costs his fans nothing and lets them give him a cut of all their purchases to support his show.

Basically my writing already earns money in this format but in a limited, niche scope.

I wanted to try my hands at a novel and see how it fared... when people like an author they tend to be very open to supporting them... especially if all they have to do is click a button before buying on amazon at no cost to them. 




