 One day man. One day... 









 Did you get the owners permission? 




 May I ask how you went about getting the location?  




 The Waitress!!! 




 Would you mind explaining how the dog fight went above other comedies. I feel like I've seen that exact same scene before. 




 Yes! That was terrific too. I think the main reason there has been very little Rizzo is that the puppeteer for him now does Kermit and other Jim Henson characters. 




 I remember that! I got through the first minute of his "web series" 




 Hey Moone Boy is about as Irish as Game Of Thrones in that it films here. You can put Father Ted in that same category except I don't think that was filmed here at all. 




 They're cool, but in regards to your kickstarted maybe you should look into a Patreon. I wouldn't be able to pay either way but that seems more appropriate for you. 




 And Rizzo! Rizzo has only had one line in the past 10 years! 




 The muppets did that before Abed! But I'd say it was just a one off joke in this. 




 There was a pigs in space movie? 




 Some multicams cost more purely because they're often more popular and so the cast get paid much more. 




 What was it? 




 I'm not too sure. It must have been after he stopped doing the "thanks for playing the theme song reggie" since that's how he used to start the show. 









 That's what people said when Scott retired "What's Up Hot Dog."  




 It's been a big staple of the show for a few years now and he finally chose one. It's a pretty big step in terms of canon of the show. 




 Is it uploaded anywhere? 




 [There are also these two without a match.](http://imgur.com/TL8Pfa9) I normally just randomly choose two out of these five and hope no one sees me with my feet close together. 









 The main difference seems to be that this one keeps forcing the message after the sex starts. 




 Nah Candance has anyone but she never catches Phineas And Ferb. 









 It's lower than the picture on the website? 




 Well Grown Ups 2 isn't even close. That fight scene at the end drags on for quite a while. 




 What's the deal with carnivores? 




 Dan plays Minecraft a lot. 




 Thanks, man.  




 I didn't know Jon was on so many MTV2 shows. Are they any good? I assume not from the way he used to plug them on Improv4Humans. 




 Does anyone want to make a list of everyone's catchphrases? 




 So I was inspired by your comment to finally press the button and get my favourite number 27. 




 Oooh people from "No You Shut Up!." I want more puppeteers at earwolf so eventually we'll get a puppet episode of CBBTV. 




 I believe I started regularly listening around the 3rd anniversary so this means from now on I have officially regularly listened for more than half of the show. 









 Bane? I may be filming a video where I do famous movie impressions for the year anniversary of this one. 




 Eh..thanks. It does drag on way too long.  




 I am not like that at all. I regularly doodle on books that I'm in the middle of reading. I think the fact I do that is the same reason the line going down in the middle of the triangle being lobsided doesn't bother me.  




 Eh..Avengers Spoilers bro. 









 This is a much better version of a [video](http://youtu.be/wJr0u7GaDRw)  I did a while ago.  




 I.T Crowd is not a cult show. It's very popular here. 




 Could you give rundown on what was and wasn't filmed live right in front of the audience in that episode. As far as I remember everything looked like a proper set except for the basement scenes. 




 Pretty sure that's at the start of the prisoner-monitor episode. 




 It looks like we need Superman IV The Quest For Peace. 




 India, I guess, still do 4:3. 




