 nice touch with the wine at the end 




 So like, before humans, God created Angels. They were his servants and Lucifer was born the greatest of all. He was born perfect, given consciousness directly in the presence of perfection and radiant light (God). Over time, Lucifer became jealous of God receiving all the glory and, being so powerful, deceived himself that he too could be Lord over all - Higher than God. Which is just logically an impossibility. That's like a a character in a story believing they could be greater than the person that wrote them into existence. Anyway, having once deceived himself, Lucifer convinced 1/3 of God's Angels to join his army and rebel against God. God then cast the Angel's out of his highest chambers of Heaven, banishing them. After this, at some point in space and time, God created humans. Satan then proceeded to deceive humans into disobeying God, making them believe God was trying to hold them back from becoming "like God" if they obtained the knowledge of good and evil. This is called Sin - disobeying God. Ever since the *fall of man*, and progressively throughout history, the fallen angels and demonic forces have existed within and out of our realm (spiritually), affecting us directly and indirectly. Whether that be through temptation or various other methods such as possession, demons have had a negative effect on our world. Fortunately, through the power of prayer, we have been given authority through the Holy Spirit of God and the authoritative name of Jesus to command these spirits to have no power over others and ourselves. This is all due to the faith that we have in God through Jesus Christ and His sacrifice for our Sins. This brings terrible anguish to Lucifer (Satan), as he knows his fate has long since been sealed and doesn't want anyone to know the power that can found through the love of Yeshua (Jesus).

Ps - it's just so freeing to humble oneself before God and embrace the forgiveness that Jesus offers. Once someone accepts that love and knows their name is written in the book of Life for eternity, God will shape you into the Christ-like individual He originally intended you to be. Salvation happens in a moment, Sanctification occurs over a life time. 




 becuz who cares about iOS games? u should go make one, who knows, you might make a billion dollhairs! 




 His *Seven Swans* album is definitely the most Biblically inspired, but his music is so varied I wouldn't say it falls under the category of Christian. Rather, he is a Christian who makes beautiful music and, at times, pulls those themes into his lyrics. *Illinois* is for sure his most popular album but I consider them all very enjoyable. 

also, rel4ted to prayer - There is authority over  the spiritual forces in the name of Jesus, Yeshua. As in, authority over all spiritual beings has been given to him by the will of God (the author of all life). "12 For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places." So, when you pray, pray that the spiritual forces that are not of Christ be bound and cast away *in the name of Jesus - Amen* (Truth) - There's a lot of supernatural things going on in our natural perspective that we don't even realize. Thankfully, we have our Lord to guide us through.  




 /r/circkjerk 




 whatever happened to pop icons being muscular, tall and sexy? 




 People are deceived, people think religion belongs in what our United States has turned politics into. It's all for show and the show has created a culture where if you affiliate with A religion, you should stand by B candidate. That's an idiotic and closed off mindset. Most likely, those politicians care more about their deep pockets than pleasing Christ. And the elections are blatantly rigged. There were scores of people supporting Ron Paul, but the establishment would not allow it. The media is owned. It IS propaganda. The world is ran by Satan and his human puppets. All we can do is look to Christ for freedom in the afterlife and present people with the truth of his gospel today.  




 Prayer is just demonstrating that you wish to communicate with the one who created you. Also, you pray, God moves. You pray and Angels are sent by the scores to lovingly attend to you or others. There is much power in prayer. An unseen spiritual power that begins with aligning our will with Christ through love and humility.

Ps- Listen to Sufjan Stevens.  




 I've just come to terms with the fact that, as a Christian, I have no right to be offended. Ever. It's just not part of my purpose for being. It also makes no sense to get offended by words because that's just empowering those words to have a deeper grasp on you.  




 she's so pretty :) 




 why's its eyes so dilated? 




 nyahaaaa 




 yes

EDIT: for OCD 




 it's not like anyone would see that you "edit" it right? and usually they mark EDIT for really pointless edits. 




 quit forcing me to watch your god damn PYRAMIDS! 




 its like a SlugCat that, much like the other creatures in the post-apocalyptic world, have adapted to hibernating for extended periods of time until the need to hunt for food becomes necessary. It's body type extends to the physical gameplay, allowing for serpentine and fluid movements through the tight, industrial environment. I'm just excited, because the combat looks non-repetitive and generally fun.  









 lol i always appreciate a cartoon with good artwork, established character relationships, comedy and self awareness. This show might have a slow start to its first season, but will definitely have some backing here before the 2nd season or once it hits netflix. at least i hope so. 




 "Is he keepin' his shoulder's square!?"

"Ooo, he's tryin'!" 




 fugg getting mugged by a thug wearing uggs drinking from a pugg jugg 




 are you breaking up your own party? 




 lel 




 ,says Homeless Man 




 AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHshutup 




 lol "a douchbag comment". you act as if tho you've never been on the internet before. What's your AIM screen name? 




 w/evs. didn't seem intentional. seemed more reflexive than anything. Their biggest fine is not making the super bowl, end of story. 




 like it matters to you at all. We should make all internet people in charge of blindly fining players.  




 Broooooooo 




 you shut your hole! 




 Angry Joe is not entertaining. 




 Positive, encouraging - K-Love! 




 "my father just died. Please...someone take a picture of me so I can post it on Reddit" 




 [yes is it](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7Bqob-weFk) 




 I mean, how am I, as the viewer, suppose to be informed on a topic when characters such as Piers Morgan and Nancy Grace never allow their guest to get a single word out other than their opening statements.  




 never watched the show. Can't relate. Downvote  




 You "got lost"? 




 Prof. Stuntman 




 thanks man. thank you very much. Christ bless 




 I want to stop fapping. I've tried. Made it the most 18 days. I've prayed and asked for the temptations to leave me. I've fought through it many times before, but the day to day just never ends. I want to "repent" of this Sin, but God, it's so hard to go through this everyday. And I legitimately see no end in site. I could go a year, two years, 50 years down the road, and then do it again and maybe my anxiety is unwarranted but i really could use some insightful christians to chime in on this subject and God's forgiveness. It just worries me, ya know.   




 not the entirety, but at times in the manner in which is turns everything into a religious show and a step by step process than really the breakdown and confession of the heart to forgiveness. I didn't post that to offend anyone, it's not aimed at you who trust Christ with your heart. The question is meant to expand the thought behind Establishment Sized Religion and how at times, it creates this culture of worrying more of the superficial than a relationship with God.  




 unlock grid? 




 Tryna get a black millionaire down 




 anyone else feel like Catholicism is modern day pharisee? 




 WARNING: The following comment section you are about to read is filled with inside jokes and circlejerking that no self-righteous human would allow to pollute their screen for longer than it requires to click the red X in upper right hand corner. You've been warned. 




 I wish someone would post a long thing about the power of Prayer cuz it seems to be pretty important. 




 1.) God punished them for disobeying his direct command, they were not ignorant to disobedience. Then they tried to hide from God. Adam also tried to put the blame solely on Eve, as she was deceived by the Serpent initially.

2.) The Original Sin that occurred that day befell Mankind and Sin cursed their species (and World), not Lucifer - Lucifer is an Angel who committed his own Sin long before by rebelling against God in separate context and as an Angel born into knowledge and presence of perfection. 




 Excalibur!  




 Worthy post indeed! Though, this is an important en devour that we're all embarking on together, it's important to poke fun at the overall reality of the situation.  




 haha 









 Now I CAN'T WAIT to see devil due.............*fart noise* 




 Exactly! i went 18 days using nofap and prayer through christ and I felt amazing! unfortuantely, i fell again, and that stinks. But never give up! Go loves us, forgives us, and wants us to be the best we can for Him! 




 (bullet note) Be Titan Fall 




 I felt the support. 




 Some of you may be aware of this subreddit already. [/r/NoFap](http://www.reddit.com/r/nofap) is a great support Reddit assisting those with the desire to turn away from pornography and alter the way they perceive sexuality. There is even a day counting badge to mark how many days it has been since a previous relapse or failure. I'm submitting this as this is one my many sins that I struggle with and pray Christ conquers immediately in my life. There's a lot of love in that subreddit, similar to this one. Surround yourself with love and you will overflow with love.  




 what's a miser? 




 Fuck your video games! Jk 




 thaat is cool 




 k 




 mmm, i donno, i've heard it a few places and i'm too lazy to go hunt them down.  




 that is....photo realistic. Tell me how you got so good? i want your whole story if you don't mind.  




 Certain societies mention the existence of giants, such as in Genesis 6 of the Bible. There are also reported giant human like bones that are reported to be kept in the Smithsonian. Any thoughts related to their possible existence?  




 Assassin's Creed: Black Flag was releasing around the same time, so they also didn't want to take sales away from themselves.  




 How long did you go without PMO before you found your wife? What were the struggles like? Did you feel that the lack of this Sin in your life led you to more opportunities to meet a life partner through Christ? Now that you've met your partner and are sexually active with them, do you still feel the temptation of pornography or are your passions quelled by the love of God and your wife? Any other input here is very welcome. Thank you. God bless.  




 Romans 2:  12-16

This might shed some perspective. But I suppose this is still up to interpretation. 

12 All who sin apart from the law will also perish apart from the law, and all who sin under the law will be judged by the law. 13 For it is not those who hear the law who are righteous in Gods sight, but it is those who obey the law who will be declared righteous. 14 (Indeed, when Gentiles, who do not have the law, do by nature things required by the law, they are a law for themselves, even though they do not have the law. 15 They show that the requirements of the law are written on their hearts, their consciences also bearing witness, and their thoughts sometimes accusing them and at other times even defending them.) 16 This will take place on the day when God judges peoples secrets through Jesus Christ, as my gospel declares. 




 wowza 




 all those bird wings make the hipsters go buckwild  




 what kinda game is it?
 




 i don't agree with the title. Reddit is always poopin their pants over natural  phenomenon as if some scientist in a lab created this formation. 




 I work night shift, don't sleep much, workout quite a bit, and have been sick lately. I just found out I have Shingles ( a reemergence of the chicken pox virus when your body's immune system is compromised). Please pray that this will pass, i'm currently taking anti virals). i'm 23 and I've found out that if you get shingles before the age of 50, you have a 74% chance of having a stroke in your life. So that's got me worried as well.   




 maybe they want to do a natural birth? We will pray for that the labor pains will come and pass friend. 




 they killed JoePa too. Radon 80 in his home. ten times the normal limit.  




 thnx will check it out 









 blacklist 




 i just can't comprehend how someone can keep track of sooo much detail in one single image. too much for my simple mind, i gess 




 i just don't understand how anyone could outright NOT support snowden and be able to sleep at night. The news woman just seems like such a tool. How can anyone be that way? How can you lie to your self for so long and not change.  




 yeah, that 




 outright gayest movie of the year - why reddit? why?....oh, right. This was planted by some hollywood shill trying to promote their lackluster garbage.  




 yeah, killing people is just great 




 not sure why pointing out your lack of religiousness, but whatevs. At least I know now so i can't JUDGE you 




 IN THE VOICE THAT'S IN MY HEAD WHEN I SEE CAPITAL LETTERS!

Edit: Fuck you for the gold :) 




 I'm a Christian and every day I would go to bed full of guilty related to PMO. It would even convince myself at times that I wasn't saved and that Christ's sacrifice wasn't sufficient. I knew this was a lie and I also knew the satisfaction I thought I could find in PMO was a lie as well - yet I bought into it like a slave to my body. God has blessed me with another day away from guilt and, praise Jesus, it feels good. It feels good to look to God without a contrived blemish looming over my soul. There are many other sin's that I am also dealing with in my life, as well, but Lord it is uplifting to be free of this one. God bless all for freedom from sin. Sanctification. :)  




 quaid, start the reactor 









 great response to his great response.  




 sounds like exactly what some reviewers have spewed. Think yourself friend. it is a game. 




 hijack: this is a fucking joke. This is about as staged as back at the studio.  




 Quaid 









 kin ka zoo! Domo mari gato, protect my ballz! 




 holy crow, i'm at 14 days. wtHeck? 




 you should join crossfit! yay! 




 hardly high speed, talk to korea 




 A true gentleman 




 Meaghan. hmmm, think I know this girl. HIPPA!!! 




 LITERALLYYYyyyyyy 




 The Next Generation of Gaming is HERE 









 it's time to do something!...but first, to the grocery store 









 I've seen CG trailers for games such as Diablo 3 and they look [Beautiful](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSpLVYHOkvM). I've begun to ask myself, with the over saturation of Pixar copycats flooding the limelight (aimed primarily at children), why haven't there been more full length animated feature films that are of higher quality, such as [Final Fantasy: Spirits Within](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xaI7ZPA9I1c)? With such a large market of teens and young adults who watch Japanese Anime, why haven't there been more attempts by Western culture to tap into this mature audience? 




 This is just unbelievable. I wonder if the fraudsters will be dealt with in time or if once this fixes (if it fixes), nothing will be done...well, at least we have a roof over our heads and food in our bellies. Not to dapper down this obvious injustice.  




 I've been noticing my urethra dribbles
Semen like urine after
Voiding. Am I the only one? Lol 




 ahhh man.....mmm, well.... 




 good point 




 what can one do? 




 If I wanted Batteries, I'd go to Radio Shack 




 me three! 




 Do you think 9/11 was an inside job? I do. I personally feel that our country's war efforts are no different than that of Nazi Germany in the 1940s. [Some thoughts](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jvg_rv3B_wU) 




 use good act as means to also make more money for movie? That's just evil.  




 certainly not a timeless show. just seems to have the most traction 




 so essentially everyone else but jesus should not look at porn? 




 the creation of man and the creation a day time talk show host both have their origins founded in Genesis  




 it also repeats a joke til it's all the way down your esophagus 




 You will never redeem yourself as the love of God extends as a gift that has redeemed you in full through the second you choose to accept His son Jesus and his sacrifice. It is already completed and you can rest easy knowing how much grace, love and mercy rests on your spirit now. Go in peace and continue to be sanctified by the blessings of The Lord in all it's forms. 




 I kept reading that as Oprah.  




 I don't see how his comments on porn being okay stil maintain his purity. 




 instead of upvoting you, I down voted you and wrote this comment instead. Does that tickle your twacker just the same? 




 Their cartoons are funny 




 maybe just measured in visible light.  In the case of reflective energy, it would follow projection qualities. Still have to consider matter as well.  




 Your life could end any day. Make sure you're right with Yeshua.  




 Valid point. Counter point. Who gives a shit? 




 Some people, just want to watch the world...burn 




 have u met the Rothschilds?  




 Unbelievable.  




 Why hasn't a crazed, suicidal,  transient trillionaire done the unspeakable and sent a spacecraft to destroy Earth's one single satellite? Seems like the best possible terrorist plot since Benghazi, yeah? 









 "how much money would it take to get you to do 9/11 part 2 for me?" 




 I've met a lot of Catholics who tend to stray away from Christ due to the contradicting doctrine of Catholicism. I don't, for certain, know if this plays into your issue - but if so, I'd be more than happy to answer any questions in PM and would highly suggest finding a non-denominational church that sticks directly to the Bible. Just my thoughts. Once again, not trying to put down Catholicism, just stating what I've noticed. I'll pray for you, friend.  














 ya blew it 




 Yeah, like my mom accidentally became pregnant with me with a guy who didn't love her, and wanted her to have an abortion, but she couldn't live with herself if she did and here I am! I'm not the best Christian ever, but I AM loved by God and happy he gave me the mercies of life and the opportunity to help others to Yeshua. :) 




 I wish that guy was still in the background. In your shower perhaps? 




 Pretty good for a beginner. O0o-_-o0O 




 Hmm, maybe? 




 not sure, who's the mod? Alert them of this. Then they'll send out a subreddit message letting everyone know it's banned and then when we see this imgur pictures, we can report them and remove them before they confuse people more.  




 Maybe we should ban posting random Imgur pictures with text? 




 Maybe we should ban posting random Imgur pictures with text? 




 Not to be devil's advocate, but maybe 9/11 was planned more than a week before.  




 Buncha freakin' Dick Tracys over here 




 I too love the natural phenomena of our Universe. 




 Whatmykidssay? 




 All will fall under my heartless judgement! 




 It's crazy that she got photo bombed while simultaneously capturing 2 varying angles. Guess hipsters have the best of luck.  




 Japan!!!!! Ninjas! Samurai! THE EMPEROR!!!  




 The ESRB probably band this picture there 









 "Sir! The servers are flooded, we need to engage the most powerful backup servers asap!"

"God damn it, not until we get direct orders from DJ Khaled..."

"We've got the word, start the servers!"

"#crazysonofabitch" 









 5 people might not believe this. But hey,  I believe this. I believe in the saving power of Jesus Christ. Unfortunately to get to the top in this world you must sell your soul to the devil.  









 I've been depressed before and I'm depressed right now (it's Winter), but I've come to the conclusion that it's a normal aspect of life. My question is, if human beings have gone untold millennium without psyche medication to treat depression in the past, what makes an issue that appears to be a natural part of life a valid clinical illness within the last 50 years? 









 Sorry, I drive a Cummins

 




 You should put *your* Panthiez-On 




 Thank you for quoting my previous lengthy passage so I wasn't left out of context. Allow me to further elaborate. Because it's fucking gay as shit!  




 college is worthless 




 It's even more odd when someone starts clapping and you can tell it just naturally prompts others to do so out of learned behavior. Fuck Hunger Games. 




 that's from the movie! holy fu- 









 no one fucking asked you! 




 But you are reinforcing my perspective with your own confirmation bias. Rather than answering the question with neutrality, you, similar to the dogmatic characters you've just described, have answered a question on world views by attempting to sell me your own world view. It would appear it's cyclical no matter what side you take. The question then arises, is there a side to take?  




 Whether someone believes theology, ideals, or even the theory of evolution - Why do people claw teeth and nail to impart their understanding of the world upon you? 




 And my axe! 














 Those are chem trails me friend 




 Maybe so... 




 what country? 




 well how do you get brainwashed into doing that?
 




 How do you activate them? AAA Batteries? 




 As a Trolli eater, I find this relatable  




 Why anyone would be driving 50mph sideways is beyond me.  




 I used to think I was immediately gonna have a bad day after masturbating. 




 I hope this fits the room, but this [video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?annotation_id=annotation_911185 feature=iv src_vid=7ZNHb8ge7nw v=jPVYVy0zcmc) talks about some Dwarf star thats heading towards Earth and sending huge comets at us like Ison etc. Anybody knowledgeable on this topic? or am I just another NUTball 




 who the hell says burned anymore? 




 no serious, well i guess only Nicko McBrain is Christian. But i remember someone like alice cooper saying that they used their heavy art style to reach a younger audience for christ 




 I think Iron Maiden is Christian 




 You forgot the last part of that quote

"Zippity doo doppity"

-Bill Cosby 




 Yeah same with freakin Christian rock, why do we always have to sing, "my god is an awesome god" in church and not some sweet ass Iron and Wine 




 RR 4. or is that 40? either way, yikes 




 the movie stank 




 nibiru has arrived 




 Beloved. Thank you. 




 Gay guy checking in. This guy's a 6/10 at best. 

edit: Grammer 




 buncha hoes 














 This is beautiful. A definite step forward in the sword combat genre. I love physics in games and you can definitely feel them just by watching. Someone should repost this with a catchier title so more can catch a glimpse of this immediate classic.  




 So the powers have relocated? Are these powers eternal? 




 take it to the media. immediately. If you find an outlet that'll back you, they can help convince the populace of the need for justice and possibly change 




 Elaborate please :) 




 I'm a nurse. With a nursing degree. My real passion is Jesus, and Art but also video games to the max. How do I get into making, or being a part of game development? 




 Rainbow six Vegas 2 - kills are just awesome. Max Payne 3 also 









 Doma treep 




 i'd say you're definitely back into it. beaut 




