 Damn I need to go to the bank and get that million dollar loan. 




 We have two local food oriented publications here in St. Louis called Feast and Sauce, local cultish paper has a food section, food section in the St. Louis Post Dispatch every Wednesday, and twitter/facebook. 




 Keep fucking reading this as anus instead of aus. Dirty mind tends to wander. 




 Oh yeah big time. 




 Well gives new meaning to the word peaceful. 




 UFOs going back to their hanger at lamb....oops I said too much. 




 Was going to give you a list of stuff but see what I was going to say has been covered. Good luck and most importantly have fun. 




 Was a KM once at a Mom   Pop place because nobody else wanted the job or work for that matter so I know what you're going through. 

What i wish somebody would have told me is to get a key to the place in order to let the delivery guys in. I lived right across the street from the place and would see them show up but couldn't do shit because I never could get ahold of the owner. Had many orders that we had to go next door to the quick shop and buy sodas because the Pepsi guy couldn't deliver. 




 Somebody get this man some coffee or a beer STAT! 




 It reminds me of Chumlee from Pawn Stars. Any other time the guy is a few fries short of a Happy Meal but you start talking to him about something he loves and is passionate about and he will blow your mind with his knowledge. Take Gavin and his love of camera work and he could school you I guarantee. 




 I just want a hug from Bayley. Is that too much to ask? 




 Wow amazing haul and loving that coffin humidor. 




 Girl is cute and the dog just needs a reboot. 









 Like has been said don't apologize because she saw you were actually passionate about something. 




 Sounds like the David Crosby Melissa Etheridge situation. 




 With the high possibility of people coming in from out of town I see a mixture of 1  2 leading to 3. 




 Said the exact same thing but I don't see my comment now. 




 So... I guess the man that was ganged up on and beaten by the protestors was actually beaten up by the police??? Damn gotta say that if you really are getting an education at SLU I'd ask for a full refund because it's not helping you any. 




 When you step into a battle zone like Ferguson was you have to expect the risk involved with standing around like the bystanders and media were. Of course I had a debate with you one time before and that was like talking to a wall so I'm leaving it at this. 




 They're lucky it was just tear gas and not live rounds. Usually when you approach a cop in a threatening manner they have every right to protect themselves any means necessary. 




 An I went to Ferguson and all I got was this shirt t-shirt but with fake bullet holes. 




 Enjoyed your gimmick in the E and was just wondering who was the toughest opponent none kayfabe? 




 The D-Bag radar is pinging hard with this one. 









 Well that sucks. Used to listen to Brian McKenna and Jeff Burton everyday coming home from culinary school. It sounds like too many people had their hand in the pot thus leading to the fights. 




 Amateurs! I have a 56K modem for a iPaq 3835 in my back pocket right now right next to my Pog slammer. 




 Free napkins are great and all but can we talk about the use of comic sans font? 




 Ditto. We've been missing out on the table, cooler, and seat bed fun. 









 Hopefully they rebrand him into something enjoyable. Also get rid of that diaper looking speedo. 




 Oh this fits so well: http://imgur.com/WWwaDLs 




 I've had one of those girls in one of my kitchens. Takes the fun out of a dirty joke when you have to explain it. 




 Had a Grandpa serve in the Navy during WWII and my Dad served as a medic in the Army during the Korean War so your service is much appreciated here. Thank You for it. 




 Go to Pappy's and ask for Mike Emerson(the owner). He's a great guy and I'm sure he'll help you out somehow. 




 Name??? 




 Yep. Even went through a miscarriage with the girl and she ended up marrying the guy she cheated on me with. 




 You forgot the eggs. I mean how are we supposed to make the traditional St. Louis French toast without eggs? 




 Damn it Luke I told you no base jumping until 30 minutes after you eat but nooooo you didn't want to listen. 




 My question is where the hell did he get his info at??? 




 I'd have had to ask him doesn't the security of said hotel know how to rewind it themselves. 




 As long as it's one of the central logo ones in fat guy sizes I'm game for any color. 




 One of those songs I can put on repeat and it never gets old. 




 Sounds like he's trying to set up an online date for her instead of a dinner reservation. 




 These costumes are Legen....Wait For It.....dary. 




 Well besides restraining myself from killing some squirrels (long story) mine was good. 




 Been having problems with them for the past month trying to get the bills on time as well as the rest of the mail. For 2 weeks straight nobody on my street got mail on Thursday. Just did an exchange and saw where my gift was sent USPS and tracked it like a hawk. Thankfully it came in one piece undamaged. Sucks that this happened but glad it was in one piece. I do have an 800 # for their customer service if you'd want it. 




 Both The Christmas Story and Rugrats signify my childhood. 




 Was playing GTA Online with a buddy and his BIL, and all of a sudden his BIL starts freaking out telling us to get to him ASAP. We get there and it's a UFO  that was sticking out of the street. Uploaded the pics to social club: Itsmy6 




 My eyes MY EYES!!! But like has been said wash your own damn knives and not in the dishwasher either. 




 Saw where there's one today with the two directors of ABCs of Death and I can't help but ask why. IMO by far one of the worst movies ever made. 




 A couple of their girls have done this but none to this scale. Most famous of the bunch is Violet riding the gearshift of a parked car. A lot of people don't know that at one time Ryan Keely was a FTV model, and there's a clip of her masturbating and squirting on what looks to be a closed restaurant patio. 




 If you go to the brewery's site it has recipes on there of what you can make with the beer, and everyone for that beer is a baked good. 




 That Milk Stout Nitro is one of the first beers I drank a whole 6-pack of by myself. Stuff goes great with some chocolate chip cookies. Also some nice sticks there so kudos on the trade. 




 Was just about to post this exact thing. 




 Science Rules! Thanks for the pics and sucks that it wasn't a real one. 




 It's still real to me damn it!!! 




 Well I've had Apple and Android over the years so I thought hey go windows plus it was $100 for the phone. Had I known then what I know now app wise I'd have kicked my own ass. 




 According to him it's all bullshit and he's staying put. 









 ^ All this and a bag of chips...with some nacho cheese sauce. 




 Wish there was a Windows Phone version but I'm getting used to not having 95% of the apps Apple and Android get. 




 Pretty sure a belt sander is what caused this problem to begin with.

 




 If you want one cheap you can go to Ferguson and loot one. 




 She looks like Charlie Laine with a tit job IMO. 




 I don't see him getting in. What they don't seem to realize is that South County and West County aka mostly white areas also vote on this too. I said it before and I'll say it again I don't give two hoots in hell who endorses who because in the end it's all about who can benefit the county more  




 Yeah the SJ pretty much seized to exist about 5 years ago. Was a sad time at my house when it happened. 




 I live in N. County right by Ferguson and we pretty much forgot about it unless something major happens. It's business as usual other than the neighbors and I have the guns loaded just in case they come this way. 




 LMAO There was already a banner up on a pedestrian walkway saying the same so I don't see how this is any different. 




 After goofing off with the What Does The Fox Say question and answer I decided to try other animals to see what would happen.

From what I tried here's what worked:

Cat
Dog
Pig
Cow
Chicken
Rooster
Duck 




 Tried 5 times to get her to understand hardware store. Eventually I said F this and typed it in. 




 Be prepared for the common complaint about WP not having certain apps that iPhone does. 




 Not really. If you bring a cart back yes a quarter pops out but you still have to use a quarter to unlock a cart so technically that doesn't count as free. 









 Did not even know that one. Haha nice 




 Found that out last week by goofing off with Cortana and I literally Yayed at it. 




 27 yo and have yet to have mine. 




 Was just about to post this. Loved the book but the movie was out there. 




 That's almost Prime grade marbling right there. Very beautiful pieces. 




 Won a facebook contest a year or two ago by some local Horchata company. I think I was the only one who entered and it was the last contest they had. Ended up getting 3 cases of canned coffee drinks and a thank you note.

Another time won a contest given by Patron tequila for a top secret dinner. Premise was that I had to show up to a hotel, give the parking attendant the password, and wait for a shuttle bus with other people. Turns out the dinner was on the outfield of Busch Stadium but I didn't go because it was too secrety. 




 Well we have Wallet on our phones but it's completely useless. They need to make it like ApplePay but I see that never happening. 




 A lot of these companies have even admitted to saying F You to WP users because the market is so small. There are times I wish I would have went back to Apple instead of WP. 




 This store look like the Quick Mart in Florissant off Charbonieer. 









 This post pulled me in but it's like I got stood up by a date. 




 Love me some lizards and gizzards. They're very easy to make also. Just do a three step breading of seasoned flour, egg/butter milk mixture, and another thing of seasoned flour. After that toss them in the fryer and cook until they float. 














 You're Welcome and guess not. 




 Not sure why you're being down voted but would go here: http://www.yp.com/fenton-mo/deer-processing 




 Any pets? If so blame them, if not it was nice kinda knowing ya. 




 Not a member but been to a meeting and a competition and have to say they were mostly huge networking events. If you need to network among people in the field I say go ahead and sign up. 




 Iron Pigeons would make a damn good band name. 




 Had one of those Taylor ones in my Chef bag from Culinary school and ended up saying F this and got a digital one for $20. 




 Bun Munchers 




 Best friend has those same exact yoga pants so I had to check for tats. lol 




 Tried reporting it but it just takes me back to the pledge page. 




 Mostly Ghost and spirits. The latest happening Tuesday night with the usual cold spots and shadows. Knew that it was my best friend's mom watching over us so it didn't freak me out as much but she was bugging out.

Have also smelt roses before in places where I shouldn't, and after I googled it I found out it means a loved one who passed is present. 




 Wow people actually read that paper? I thought it was just put out as free wrapping paper or cage liner. 




 As a Chef I'd go with Kendrick's. Very friendly staff and they can get you want you need. 




 Rodney Dangerfield is that you??? 




 Downloading mine now. This should be fun....YAY! 




 Are they ever going to fix the typo with Area? 









  Although their food went over well with customers, Siao said they have revamped the old menu by throwing out the dishes that didn't sell and keeping the ones that were popular.

The place wasn't even opened long enough to figure either of the two truthfully. 




 My best friend happens to be a girl I had a thing for back in high school, and last night I stayed over at her house to keep an eye on her(long story I don't want to post on reddit). Well while not being able to sleep I got to thinking about how right after HS graduation I got real down in the dumps because I chickened out on telling her how I felt about her thus thinking I lost the opportunity for good. Long story short I got a second chance and she has known for a few years. 









 Remember when the topless photos of Cat got "leaked'? 




