 damn feminist 





























 Why Hasn't anyone commented that this dude has no teeth? 




 dude she has to be on her knees. There is no way she is half as tall as the door 




 I feel very awkward reading this post. Your Username is Orphan_Babies, and now you post of holding a baby of your own for the first time. Is it adopted, and did you plan this a year ago and thats how you chose your Username? 









 your daughter is a cute puppy!? what are you gonna give her when you get home? 



















 my dry cleaner sometimes go above and beyond and give me a little flower with my clothes 




 I flattered myslef in thinking the cat was saying to me, "you handsome young devil, you" 
























 Weren't you on shark tank? 




 i can feel a circle jerk forming out of this 




 you can see the guy in the back slowly judging her 




 Awww cute dogs 




 I want to hear a feminist complain now 




 Everyone is gonna get this tattoo now, just like someone did from that black and blue... I mean white and gold dress 




 Aaron's new team
http://i.imgur.com/KatT3tz.jpg 




 yeah exactly. If your an asshole, then your an asshole, but if you are rich, give thanks to God for your riches, and treat people right, than you are ok 




 Is your windshield broken, of is it the camera lens that's broken? 




 The NSA probably sponsored theses bathrooms stalls to fight terrorism. "*its to protect the public*" they say.  




 your wish has been granted 




 what's more interesting is that you have man hands 




 the 25 cents you give the homeless man are adding up... 




 It would be so funny if he uses the force and actually ties his shoes 









 He's a statue street performer not a mime. 




 or you did that and put it for the karma 









 Its ok because all dogs go to heaven 




 Its ok because all dogs go to heaven 




 I can see the disappointment in his face 




 holy shit 














 [immediately thought of this] (http://affordental.com/wp-content/uploads/10-Sofia-Vergara-without-teeth.jpg) 




 When you see it...you'll shit bricks 




 yeah what if we want to say "I *have to get to* the ASPCA and adopt a cute puppy!" 




 They look like some girls coming back from the night club... 




 Get laid 




 I'm glad Norm has not stopped working and makes wheelbarrows and clocks for people. I've noticed people that retire wish they could go back again. I myself have a Grandpa who will turn 94, and he still hasn't stopped working. He says his body would slow down, and that he gets sick if he doesn't work. Keep busy Norm!
And Haappy Birthday! 




 reminded me of this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X4do3Kus2nQ 









 Please NSFW my teacher walked by and was like "what the hell are you watching?" 




 I like how the baby and you look at each other just like Eeyore and Winnie the pooh in the background 




 How would the dogs push the button on the side? 




 Holy shit this means we just witnessed a home break in  




 It actually looks quite balanced 




 I see the chicken the trend is chicken on the head now... 




 whoever put the "k" in knife killed it... 




 or "bologna" 




 yeah doesn't the sound of silence sound great? 




 apron boner
 




