 Fair enough, but that was not reflected in your original post. 




 Key words: *have* and *seen*. Past tense. Also *master's degree* implying your cohort is at least older than 24 on average. Whether laptops are disrespectful or not, your experience certainly does not describe the norm for today's 18-22 year old undergrads. "We all somehow coped fine" is a poor reason to not acknowledge the present--it's what older people say in *every* time in history, and time moves on. 




 I really enjoy the book "They Say, I Say: The Moves That Matter in Academic Writing." It's a short book about how to improve your academic writing. The title encapsulates the main thesis of the book: start by filling your audience in on the current discourse/context of your topic (what they say), and then present what new insight or addition or commentary you have (what I say)--no piece of academic text of speech exists in a vacuum. It's also very well written and engaging with many examples, and was convincing in shaping my own views on writing. (Though I personally think effective communication in STEM is extremely important). 




 Heroes after season 1. 




 Somebody saaaaaaaaaave me

Let your warm hands break right through it

Somebody saaaaaaaaaave me

I don't care how you do it, just stay, stay

C'mon, I've been waiting for you 




 Is it because you have all of your income in cash? 




 Its not an ass its a horse. 




 The best people to ask are current grad students in your department. 




 Hell Boy 3 




 The manga is like ten times better than the film. 




 Ah, ultraporn. 




 Same is true between any real interval and the whole real line, there exists a bijection to [0,pi) for which there exists a bijection tan and arctan to the real line. 




  I don't want to pressure my professors in the middle of the semester for something that I should have been doing sooner.

Nothing to do about that. Sunken cost. Your problem is not gonna go away by waiting, you should ask ASAP. You don't have the luxury of waiting around second-guessing yourself. 




  but you could have three published papers under your belt and amazing letters of recommendation and still get rejected if your GPA isn't high enough.

I disagree, but this might be biased by field. 




 I think the most important question is how much opportunity do you have to do research and how well connected or well known your mentors who you will be doing research for and will be writing your letters of recommendations are with their field (which we have little information to make a judgement on). These are by far the most important things for your PhD application. If the difference between the quality of your current research opportunities and those at another institution are great enough, it may be worth it. However, there are other ways you can improve your research experiences. Apply to summer REU's elsewhere to broaden and strengthen your research experiences. Work as a post-bac researcher or lab-technician at another institution for a few years after undergrad. Get a MA after undergrad. 




  GPA, applicable standardized scores (LSAT, GRE, etc.), and undergraduate institution.

Wait what? That can't possibly be right. Research experience, rec letters, and coursework all probably more important. You don't even mention research. 




 http://dynamicecology.wordpress.com/ 




 do some people not meet as often? i can't imagine a faculty member meeting with 24 people for 30 minutes a week each, that's like over 2-3 hours per day. 




 2:2:2 (postdoc:grad:undergrad) 




  Everyone is always so reactionary, address the symptoms after the fact, never the root cause. Things will never change.

So true, for so many things. Justice system, medical care, environment, etc. 




 I would create a company called the facebook. 




 Because it means more karma for he OP and the top post explaining what's wrong with the OP's interpretation. 




 Whatever it is, you probably just need to "Let it go." 




 Well, at least she finally got her water. 









 *side*-vote 




 Find a paid job as a technician or a paid research internship. 




 Doesnotprinter. 




 There will always be host-pathogen co-evolution--there will always be new human pathogens (e.g. HIV resistance and lethality). There are also subtle selective forces from changing diets, metabolic, and auto-immune diseases, and relaxation in pressures from previously deleterious mutations (e.g. increase in nearisightedness due to corrective lenses). Population expansion means more rare localized mutations, so rare genetic disorders. Globalization and migration will result in gene flow across previously separated populations--human populations will become more admixed. Changing sexual mores will affect sexual selection. Conscious knowledge of our own genetics in the form of personalized medicine will change our reproductive decisions (e.g. recent decline in Down's syndrome due to prenatal testing). 




  Anything that affects average number of surviving offspring is subject to selection pressure.

Only if it covaries with inherited (genetic) traits. So not "anything". 




 "Kitty!" 




 That Back to the Future III did in fact happen. 




 Those are quite different.

Noted.

if it were rooted in social behavior then you are forced to try to explain why music extends quite deeply into the realm of solitary behavior as well:

What I said was that music is an evolutionary trait related to us being social organisms. Music originated in the context of hunter gatherer social traditions. Im not disagreeing, except that theres no reason to think that our appreciation for music would turn off just because we now enjoy it as a solitary activity--I only meant to say that the origin of such neurological response was socially driven evolutionary adaptations, which would remain active today regardless of whether the context in which we listen to music has changed in the last few thousand years. Its evolutionary and social feedbacks in our deep history.

That doesn't mean those aren't evolutionary favored behaviors.

I dont disagree. What I should have distinguished was that the ability to process music as a general is universal and evolutionary, but musical preferences are socioculturally driven.

What I wanted to say is that the ultimate evolutionary reason for music cannot be because it is cognitively beneficial, because that does not explain how we evolved those neurological pathways in the first place. Our ability to understand music as a thing must predate the evolutionary adjustments which created neurological means by which music affects our cognition. I argue that that ultimate evolutionary cause is the social bonding it promotes. Only after our brains can process this thing called music can there be dual cognitive and social evolution in music. Said another way, people have to have a reason to produce music in the first place, otherwise genes which allow music to improve cognition are not useful if there is no music in the environment. The music must come first.
 




 So... butt floss? 




 Mighty Morphin Power Rangers. 




 But we're not talking about Master's degree stipends, so I don't see how you can say that that's even relevant to the discussion. That's also better than most fields where you pay tuition to get a master's. It's like saying, most undergrad degrees are worse than minimum wage. 




 Yes. 




 True, though we don't know they are. I don't think mourning needs religion; atheists mourn when their loved ones pass away; young children mourn lost parents or pets. I think what we see as elephants and apes mourning is behavior related to physical and mental stress from a lost social connection.

Your blog post looks interesting, I'll take a look later. 




 It's, out of what I see did you their of. 




 A 10-12k stipend for a reasonably ranked bio grad program? I've seen as low as the high teens and usually somewhere in the 20s, but your figure seems too low. No comment on starting salaries. 




 Google scholar some key term or topic from your class, limit search to Since 201X, and look at the top most cited papers. 




 Focus on the positive, and *stick to the prompt*. You're worried about things that aren't relevant to the prompt. 




 Who cares, it's a great mug. 




 Principal Investigater. Got it. 




 two dick guy can. 




 sexy primes 




 Ah, such small thoughts from a puny man. You must seek higher ambitions. 









 Wait what. 




 Obamamamama. *Shit*. 




 Wait, people don't split their home bathrooms by gender too? I thought *that* was the norm. 




 Reavers. 




 Ah, brings back fond memories of early 2000s. 




 Bawled my eyes out for the last two episodes. Wish they would release the tracks for Mako's last lightning bend, and Zhuli and Varrick's wedding. Also, never noticed the scene where Bolin picks at his nails with a screw turn thingie and sniffs them. All hail the... eternal off season. Can't wait for whatever universe Bryke creates next! 




 I can just imagine a bunch of first graders swarming an aquarium and kidnapping a manatee. 




 Not a paleontologist, but for more common species with many fossil sample points, presumably you could (and almost certainly have) use statistical sampling theory to infer a most likely time of extinction based on the temporal data set? 




 So the idea is that music promotes mental health and is therefore beneficial? This seems like a proximal cause and not an ultimate one. Why should music have promoted mental health at all? And if it does, why doesn't every mammal have music appreciation? How did we ever evolve to interpret patterned noises as music in the first place? Music promoting mental health must have evolved after whatever promoted our neurological ability to process music in the first place. It seems to me most likely that music is rooted in social behavior: communication, group bonding, oral traditions. Music is a deeply cultural aspect of human populations, and serves many sociocultural purposes, particularly in extant hunter-gatherer cultures around the world. Moreover, our appreciation of music is definitely socially constructed (hip hop, country, jazz, classical), though we have biological inclinations towards certain sound patterns (like why do we naturally associate moods to major or minor cords). Like how we have adaptations to language, it seems that our neurological responses to music must be a product of our deep human heritage of socialness and high-level pattern recognition/intelligence/abstract thinking. Other animals with "music" include other highly social and highly intelligent species, such as cetaceans, elephants, and many birds. Music itself is something that is learned from one generation to the next. A lot of other social activities promote mental health and good feeligns. 




 http://www.nytimes.com/images/blogs/laughlines/thehugemanatee.jpg 




 Allison Mack. 




 find a baby who's skin hasn't been recently painted. 




 Compared to a top 5 school, this difference in ranking is negligible in academia. They almost certainly have the same "name-recognition" within your field. And as you said, school B seems to be better if you decide to go into industry. Likewise, from your other comments in this thread, the financial situation adjusted for cost of living does not seem like a meaningful difference to sway your decision. Commute, area, activities seems a toss-up, and so should probably be given lower weight.

The big difference here is the *lab* and the *PI*. It may be true that the name recognition of the PI at school A will open more doors down the road. However, this is not necessarily the case. The new PI at school B has a lot more time and incentive to invest in your personal growth, while the PI at school A may not. You may have less independence in lab A, and more a cog in the wheel of larger on-going projects. A famous PI does not necessarily mean a good mentor, but they could be a good mentor. There are both really good and really bad famous PI's. The good thing is you have ways of figuring this out. The questions you need to ask are how have PI A's past PhD students done afterwards, and what current and recent PhD students say about the environment in the lab. Then again, PI B may be be a bad/inexperienced mentor and you have no current or past grad students to evaluate that. OTOH PI B could be a great young mentor with fresh ideas and you'd be right in the thick of it. There's more guessing involved here, but the best person to make this evaluation is not us since we have never met this person and know nothing about their personality. In terms of recommendations down the road, we can't tell. It could be that A carries a lot of weight in the field, but has less to say about you, than if you had worked for a less recognizable B who was very involved in your academic life. B also has the advantages of field work and vacation flexibility, which is not insignificant.

Personally, I would lean towards B, but there's too many ifs that I don't know that you should take that with a heavy grain of salt (particularly, that I have never met either PI as people). I would prioritize which PI, lab, and department you feel fits you better personally. Your relationship with your PI and lab is very important to your graduate school experience and down the road. Lastly, I would not let things like name-recognition sway you from what your gut tells you. 




 I disagree. How are you supposed to make informed decisions about which program to attend if you haven't talked to professors? 




 er...no? 




 ...with rice? 




 resonance frequency 




 The Pope. 




 Wait, those aren't like real people are they? 




 3-10=-7 year old cousin? 




 Do your own hw? 




 *growing up 




 Professor chaos 




 Yes, it is acceptable. 




 Mine says 

"First Last

PhD Student, Advisor's Lab

Institution, Department Affiliations (just the abbreviations)"

It's short and simple compared to most I have seen. Anyone who knows me well and corresponds with me often doesn't need to see a huge signature. Anyone who knows me but not well, has enough info to remind them of who I am. Anyone who doesn't know me, I'm introducing myself in the main body of my email. No phone number, no email address. Don't make it too long. 




 Definitely do, having a potential advisor on your side is really important in EEB PhD admissions. 




 My only comment is that I don't think it's surprising that theoretical work ranks low compared to applied-motivated work, that is true of most disciplines. 




  In other words you would like to define "evolutionary biologists" based on self-categorization

No, I gave my definition elsewhere. I never denied that there are evolutionary biologists who wouldn't self-identify as such, and I did not define "evolutionary biologist" as a self-categorized term. 




 I'll concede that molecular biologist to chemist is an example that could be argued, but I think my argument still stands. I am well aware the many ecologists are also statisticians, I don't see how that's relevant or contradicts my point--likewise, I don't see how your comment about Nobel Prize winners in chemistry is relevant either. I am aware that most biologists bridge multiple disciplines. All you've asserted is that a nonempty (proper) subset of A belongs to B, that does not mean B applies to all A.

A better analogy might have been, being a scientist does not make you a statistician, even though nearly every scientist applies statistical theory to their work; likewise, being a biologist does not make you an evolutionary biologist, even though every biologist applies evolutionary theory. An evolutionary biologist is not defined as any biologist who ever uses evolution in their work, but a biologist whose *primary* or *significant* research occupation is elucidating evolutionary theory. That's clearly how the term is used by practicing biologists and how they use it when they self-identify/self-categorize themselves. 




 EEB is weird like that. At most universities, if you haven't engaged with a potential advisor who is a good fit with your research interests and is actually considering taking students (which many years is not the case, due to lab space, funding, etc.), the prospects of your application being seriously considered is very low.

To OP, a lot of EEB grad students I've met have taking various routes between their B.S. to their Ph.D--it's not uncommon. Seems like you have a lot of really strong points going for you. 




 Same. If you're going into a program where you're gonna be treated like drones and lack agency then ... well ... idk why you chose to do that in the first place. 




 Not necessarily. That's about the best anyone can say. 




 I don't think any of these other posters are addressing what it seems to you're actually asking, which is the statistical breakdown of biology into subdisciplines. The best proxy I have found for this is Academia.edu--when you search for research interests, it gives you a number for the how many other people have use the same keywords. These are self-identified research interest designations. I have no idea of the biases (for example, do they actually study what they self-identify as interested in; are shorter phrases more likely to be chosen; things like "environmental sustainability" and other interests that aren't necessarily indicative of research would be biased upwards), but I think it should be better than trying to get at the same info using Google Scholar Author search, and more representative and easier to get than the breakdown of all faculty or awarded PhD's in say the US.

Here's a sample of keywords:

Biology: 316575

Ecology: 185391

Biotechnology: 115764

Molecular Biology: 102286

Conservation Biology: 100316

Bioinformatics: 78557

Biochemistry: 75764

Environmental Science: 70252

Neuroscience: 58034

Genetics: 28931

Immunology: 23458

Epidemiology: 21650

Cancer: 20452

Evolution: 18903

Biogeography: 14544

Fish Biology: 15378

Marine Biology: 15228

Genomics: 13039

Cell Biology: 10457

Population Genetics: 7946

Behavioral Sciences: 7147

Computational Biology: 6887

Biophysics: 6331

Phylogenetics: 5272

Developmental Biology: 2337

Lumping in things like population genetics and phylogenetics with evolution, it does seem that compared to fields like ecology, molecular biology, biochemistry, and bioinformatics, and neuroscience, it's less commonly a central focus of people's research. But these are obviously skeptical statistics. Could it be that "evolution" is so obvious as an interest to biologists that people just don't list it--still, someone who primarily identifies as an "evolutionary biologist" would probably list it. Why is comp bio so much lower than bioinformatics, or cell bio so far behind molecular bio? Is ecology really that high? It's hard to make conclusions here, but I think this gives a good first approximation. The ratio of evolution/biology is about 6%, which is similar to your figure.

To speculate on why this might be the case, most of the big subdisciplines are very directly health related--remember that the NIH research budget is huge compared to the NSF. There's more money, and therefore more active research, in biology the relates to health and that which is profitable. Other keywords are large because they are recent buzzwords (bioinformatics, genomics). Ecology surprises me for being as large as it is--maybe it includes many who are only tangentionally interested in ecology and conservation because of the very present environmental threats, and due to environmental activism. 




 OP's not talking about "evolutionary biology" he's talking about "evolutionary biologists" in the sense that biologists would actually use the word to signify a sub-discipline of study. Just because someone uses evolution in the work does not make them an evolutionary biologist. Your examples are analogous to saying an ecologist is a statistician because she uses statistics in her work, or a molecular biologist is a chemist because he uses chemistry in his work. Key word being "active". 




 My point is this not an evolutionary advantage. Most cancers occur late in life; selection is weak towards post reproductive phenotypes, so even if its advanatge, it's not an evolutionary advantage, because natural selection cannot "see" the phenotype. The reality is that even superficial knowledge of the genetics of cancer shows that it has not been selected for at the level of individuals and above. 




 Well for the longest time I believed that Back to the Future Three was never made because of MJF's Parkinson's. 




 Well yeah, everything is spiders. 




 No, and by that I mean, maybe there's an advantage but it's not evolutionary. The reason why cancer persists is not because it is advantageous and being selected for, but because despite it being deleterious, there's a lack of selection against it since most cancers occur late in life. Any group-level advantages seem far too weak to be selected for (group-level positive effects are only selected for if they're stronger than the individual-level negative effects).

Also, cancer refers to many different diseases, there's no shortage of ways cells can screw up their reproduction. 




 Not an *evolutionary* advantage. 




 Well that's kinda almost tautological isn't it? All you really said is that an X that is bad (or has universally agreed upon bad traits) is bad. 




 Valve really should just make a Half-Life 4 and skip HL3 just to fuck with us. 




 The reality is that any graduate program has graduate students from a variety of academic backgrounds, from top research private universities, to small liberal arts schools, to state schools. It seems like you're doing fine. 




 Yes, but not to the level of being a "red flag" considering the many other factors that affect the decision to take more graduate students. E.g. the labs in my department are well funded, but the culture of the department and the institution favors small labs. The information with regards to funding is not really useful without contextual info. The information is not useless to know, but I never disagreed there. 




 I never disagreed with that. All I said is that conclusions about their level of funding is complete speculation. 




 Did you floss everyday? 




 Uh, if you've never done research, how do you know you want to do a PhD? 




 Most programs do not grant deferrals anyways. 




 Seems like it'd be more direct to just ask how well the office gets along. 




 How supportive is the department of their graduate students? The faculty? The institution?

What's the culture like among graduate students, and faculty?

What made you decide to come here? How has your experience lived up to your expectations?

Where do graduate students tend to live (and other housing/living questions you may have)?

How's cost of living compared to stipend? How's the healthcare coverage? How's the graduate student union (if there is one)?

How often/much do you interact with other grad students in your department during department events/seminars/socials?

How long do people tend to take to finish their program?

What do you not like about the program, institution, area?

What do people do outside of research and academics? What's cool about the town/city?

How are the research resources on campus? teaching resources? athletic facilities?

Rotations, TA requirements, course requirements, thesis committees, quals, time-lines. 




 No. My PI is not taking any students this year (has taken 1 per year the last few years) and was already aware that a submitted grant had been funded. There are too many factors (PI personality, applicant field, department culture, discipline culture, how many grad students are currently in the lab, etc). It's a roundabout and completely unreliable way of getting at a question which you can get at more directly, by asking "how are the graduate students in X's lab currently being supported" or something of the sort. Also, if you want to know a PI's grants, you can probably look it up online anyways (university press releases, government websites) (not that's necessarily easily interpretable info w/o context). Complete bs advice. 




  Me: this waitress just said a super salad what the hell is that

Remove line, better delivery.

... punchline ruiner. 




 You don't want to go where twinkies have gone. 




 Sure, but it's not a useful statistic for making any kind of inference. 




 I mean, inbreeding also makes social groups stronger (whatever that means).

The idea that religion is a group-level adaptation makes no sense considering there's only one out of thousands of social species which has religion, and that religion clearly arose very recently in human evolution (whereas primate social behavior is very old). 




 And die. Like all living beings. (No, John Mccain is not a living being). 




 The "velocity" (rate of change) is still positive, but it the "acceleration" (rate of rate of change) is negative. World population is deaccelerating. 




 That's some Wizard of Oz shit right there. 




 Welp. That deescalated quickly. 




 If you have until april 1 then you can wait. 




 Yeah, I don't understand the use of Sigma here. 




 Compared to having marketable skills and work experience (summer internships), an extra degree in four years probably doesnt matter. 




