 The main cause for America's transition from isolationism is contained in NSC-68, a National Security Council document written for Truman that described the global threats facing the US. Released on April 7, 1950, its primary authors, Paul Nitze, Dean Acheson, and Chip Bohlen declared that to protect the free world from communist aggression, the US must abandon any plans for slipping back into isolationism. It recommended a substantial increase in defense spending that included growing the military's strength and investments in missile delivery systems for nuclear weapons. Two months after the document's release the Korean War broke out, lending credence to the writers' predictions about communism. 




 These are the politicians who expect the average American to live on a minimum wage and still pay rent, and if the person complained, politicians would advise them to find a better job. The pay for the average American has remained stagnant since 1972, so I have little pity for the politico's not receiving a cost of living adjustment. 




 Feel free to ask for assistance, but I need more information on the specifics of your class. I would also suggest posting your question to r/askhistorians for more input. 




 As an American historian who knows 1950's films intimately, I would suggest you research about the change in the movie industry during this period from a vertically integrated studio model to the now familiar producer/director model. The federal government deemed the old studio model as too monopolistic because studios owned the film process from the creation of a film to its final viewing in the theater. If the city you live in has a Paramount theater, it's because the studio once owned that theater.  
  
You can see the change in film during the 1950s because directors suddenly had more influence in their work. A good example is *Shane*, directed by George Stevens, in which the gun is no longer considered in heroic terms, instead becoming the last line of defense for a good man.  
  
Films addressing Cold War fears began appearing around this time, and Sam Fuller's *Pick Up on South Street* documents this superbly using characters such as a pickpocket and a prostitute to thwart a communist plan to steal atomic secrets.  
  
Science-fiction movies also appeared regularly during the period with the original *War of the Worlds* directed by Byron Haskins. The special effects work he pioneered on this film helped set the stage for Star Trek.

All three films debuted just weeks apart during 1953, but each owed its production to the shift from a studio system to the director/producer model.  




 I wonder if any of the homeless people living in the Washington, D.C. area would complain about sleeping in a warm, safe congressional office. 




 We came up to LA from San Diego, and everyone had a great time. We caravaned in about 5 cars, and gathered together after the tour in a park by a golf course to have beers and grill. I always carried my golf clubs in the trunk of my car in those days, so I pulled them out and played the par 3 hole next to our spot repeatedly between the groups playing it. It's what I loved about the small history graduate program at SDSU; our profs often became very good friends. 




 The profs name is Sarah Elkind, and the reason we concentrated on the port and railways is because her PH.d. from Michigan focused on environmental and urban history. It was a great class that sometimes met outside the campus, as when the class took a walking tour of the L.A. river that highlighted its importance for the city. 




 I took a seminar on the history of Los Angeles that included an examination of its success relative to San Diego and San Francisco. L.A.'s overshadowing of San Diego rests on a number of factors. First, the fight over the terminus of the intercontinental railroad, and which towns in California received regular service; L.A. won this battle. Next, the two cities battled over becoming the port destination for import and export; L.A. won this battle, as well. Finally, when William Mulholland stole the water rights from Owen Valley and diverted it to L.A., the lushness it brought to the nearby California valleys made the city more attractive than arid San Diego.  
  
Sources:  
Avila, Eric. Popular Culture in the Age of White Flight: Fear and Fantasy in Suburban Los Angeles. Berkeley: University of California Press, 2006.  
  
MacGirr, Lisa. Suburban Warriors: The Origins of the New American Right. Princeton [u.a.]: Princeton Univ. Press, 2001.  
  
Nicolaides, Becky. My Blue Heaven: Life and Politics in the Working-Class Suburbs of Los Angeles, 1920-1965. Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2002.  
  
Scott, Allen. The City: Los Angeles and Urban Theory at the End of the Twentieth Century. Berkeley (Calif.): University of California press, 1998. 




 Since the *Fog of War* is mentioned, McNamara stated in the documentary that if the U.S. had lost WWII, he and other planners would probably have been charged with war crimes. I remember this admission because of the shock I felt at hearing it, and the understanding that in any war, the winners decide the rules. 




 I understand the ideology of providing monies to a country during wartime conflicts, but the Lend-Lease deal with Britain and Russia were extremely controversial during the run-up to WWII, according to Eric Goldman in *The Crucial Decade: 1945-1955*. The first time I've encountered explicit mention of the U.S. providing aid is during the Marshall Plan, and it was seen as a way of influencing the political outcomes in Greece and Italy. We now provide financial aid to a large number of countries, and threaten to withhold funds when countries behave badly, but I'm trying to discover when this strategy became a policy for the government. Thank you for the reply. 




 Thank you for this answer; it will point me in the correct direction. 




 The Worldnews' mods are showing a level of intolerance by labeling this story "Not Major World News".  




 Why is original commentary and analysis on Salon being labeled "rehosted content" when it clearly is not? 




 There is a wonderful, short book by the black historian Henry Gates titled Colored People: A Memoir (New York: Vintage Books, 1995), that speaks to the changing attitudes of African-Americans during the Civil Rights Movement. Gates spent his childhood in North Carolina, coming of age during the lunch counter sit-ins taking place in his local city. He clearly documents the attitudes of black Americans as violence erupted across the country during the various civil rights demonstrations.
 




 Sure, a person could move to California, but that was a very long, hazardous trek because the railroads hadn't expanded to the west coast, and the travel was by foot, wagon, or ship. Since the Panama Canal wasn't open, ships had to travel around the coast of Argentina and skirt Mexico before arriving in California. The trip was probably as hazardous as fighting in the war. 




 These areas were, indeed, fertile for thousands of years before human writing existed. The encroachment of the desert over the centuries has covered much of the area, and it's expected to continue expanding south into Africa. 




 Most of the posted comments provide good information, but I'd suggest narrowing your subject matter to specific areas. Instead of writing a historiography of WWII, examine writings about the Battle of the Bulge; instead of the Cold War, write about the Cuban Missile Crisis or the Berlin Air Resupply missions. The tighter your paper's focus, the better it'll appear to a reader. Finally, always approach your readings by focusing on the differences between authors' approaches or methods. In many ways you're writing a series of book reviews on a single historical event. If you need help choosing the books to include in your historiography, begin with the most contemporary historian's writing on the subject and use his/her bibliography to identify the historical works they relied upon. 




 I don't know if Soviet spying on the Manhattan Project counts as a conspiracy, but Stalin knew about the bomb well before its use or the public's discovery. There are also theories about the decision to use the bomb, that some might find conspiracy related. 




 One of the best sources to answer this question comes from Lisle Rose. He described early public reaction to nuclear testing as popular, and that people flocked to the desert to watch tests. As for the health ramifications caused by radiation, the U.S. government was well aware of its dangers, even to the extent that it barred newspaper reporters and photographers not approved by the government from visiting Hiroshima and Nagasaki. The public didn't really become aware of the danger from radiation until after Japanese fishermen working in the area of the Bikini Atoll tests became sick and the news went public.  
  
Source:  
1. Lisle Rose, The Cold War Comes to Main Street: America in 1950 (Lawrence: University Press of Kansas, 1999). 




 Always glad to be of help. 




 If you would like to see or hear a number of really good oral histories, visit studsterkel.org to find examples. Studs Terkel is considered one of the greatest American oral historians and his interview subjects come from a diverse background. There are also many books written on the subject, but most are found in university libraries as opposed to local county or city libraries. 




 The term "shell shock" refers to a condition that VA mental health professionals now call PTSD. The term first came about during WWI and its aftermath when soldiers exhibited symptoms such as uncontrollable shaking, fugues, and panic induced by loud noises. After intense periods of enemy shelling, a spike rose in soldiers reporting these symptoms leading health officials to use the term "shell shock." Doctors blamed the concussive blasts from the shelling for the symptoms and believed it was a physical problem, overcome by simply resting.  
  
As the science of mental health improved over the century, doctors recognized the symptoms as a mental disorder that could be controlled with proper care.  
  
Sources:  
  
1. Wade Davis, Into the Silence the Great War, Mallory, and the Conquest of Everest (New York: Alfred A. Knopf, 2011),  
  
2. Adam Hochschild, To End All Wars: A Story of Loyalty and Rebellion, 1914-1918 (Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2011).  
  
3. Barbara Wertheim Tuchman, The Guns of August (New York: Ballantine, 1994).  
  
4. Richard J Evans, The Coming of the Third Reich (New York: The Penguin Press, 2009). 




 What is editorialized about this lede. I copied and pasted it straight from the article. 




 The author ignored the role Mormonism played in Romney's life. The mormons are rabidly anti-gay, as demonstrated by its role in defeating Proposition 8 in California.  




 I cannot address Taft's role in trust busting, however, Theodore Roosevelt's reasons for going after these entities were based on his close relationship with both the environment and the American people. As a child, Roosevelt collected animal, insect, and plant specimens for classification in his many journals and diaries. During his college years, he left school to mourn the death of his first wife, moving out west to start a cattle ranch. He formed close relationships with migrants who settled on undeveloped land, and understood the daily struggle these people faced. The most pernicious obstacle for these settlers was the large corporations and railroads that simply took resources from the settlers' lands without compensation. When Roosevelt became an "accidental president" after the assassination of McKinley, he seized the opportunity to protect the environment and American citizens from unfair trust practices by setting aside huge swaths of land as national parks for future generations. Once called a "traitor to his class" by the wealthy trust owners, Roosevelt was considered a hero by his fellow citizens.  
  
Sources:  
Brands, H. W. American Colossus the Triumph of Capitalism, 1865-1900. New York, NY: Doubleday, 2010.  
Brinkley, Douglas. The Wilderness Warrior Theodore Roosevelt and the Crusade for America. Pymble, NSW; New York, NY: HarperCollins e-books, 2009.  
Donald, Ada DiPace. Lion in the White House a Life of Theodore Roosevelt. New York: Basic Books, 2007.  
Egan, Timothy. The Big Burn: Teddy Roosevelt and the Fire That Saved America. Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2009.  
Morris, Edmund. The Rise of Theodore Roosevelt. New York: Modern Library, 2010.  
Morris, Edmund. Colonel Roosevelt. New York: Random House Trade Paperbacks, 2011.  
Thomas, Evan. The War Lovers Roosevelt, Lodge, Hearst, and the Rush to Empire, 1898. New York: Little, Brown and Co., 2010.  
Zacks, Richard. Island of Vice Theodore Roosevelts Doomed Quest to Clean up Sin-Loving New York. New York: Doubleday, 2012.  
 




 I once worked for the College Board as a phone pollster and my first question is: where did the pollsters obtain its phone list of possible interviewees? Individuals who end up on these lists have usually shown a willingness to answer polls in the past. These people are usually better educated, and in a comfortable living situation. A proper polling population should cross social and economic boundaries, thereby providing more diverse answers that reflect contemporary socioeconomic realities. 




 Weiner, Tim *Enemies: a history of the FBI* pages 258-259 detail the bugging of MLK, and page 273 discusses the FBI efforts to force MLK's suicide. 




 Apparently you cited Wiener without reading his book, but there's a section at the book's end that provides the evidence of the numerous black-bag operations that targeted MLK. 




 Untrue...Weiner documents attempts by the FBI to convince MLK to commit suicide through the release of documents and a letter writing campaign by FBI agents to the civil right's leader. The FBI also participated in "black-bag operations" without warrants that were essentially breaking-and-entering crimes, and frequently targeted MLK.
edit: The true extent of the spying on Vietnam war protestors and civil rights advocates will never be known because a huge collection of J.E. Hoover's secret documents were burned after his death. 




 You are very welcome. 




 Americans attributed the loss of China to the Truman administration and its backlash swept Eisenhower and the Republicans back into power after almost 2 decades of Democratic party rule. Communism was tightly wound together with the U.S. social and labor movements of the early 20th century, and it was greatly feared because of its challenge to democracy and capitalism. This is a recurring theme in John Gaddis' *The Cold War a new history* and *We now know: rethinking Cold War history*, in which Mao first reached out to the U.S. for help before being rebuffed, causing the Chinese turn to Russia. Lisle Rose describes the political climate of the 1950s in *The Cold War comes to Main Street : America in 1950.* Stalin's efforts to consolidate Russia's satellite nations were brutal, and this played on Americans' fears of an outbreak of war that included nuclear warfare. Eisenhower's reputation as a military leader, and the Republican Party's sable-rattling, signaled confidence to a frightened country that it believed Democrat's lacked. 




 According to Bruce Schulman's *Lyndon B. Johnson and American liberalism : a brief biography with documents*, both LBJ and Kennedy viewed the loss of Vietnam as both a victory for communism, and a political grenade for the Democratic Party. The Dems blamed the loss of China to communism for the party's election losses to Republican Party during the Eisenhower years. Dems feared that if the U.S. lost Vietnam, Republicans would recapture majorities in both houses and the presidency. Eric Goldman's *The crucial decade : America, 1945-1955* was written in the 1960s, but it also makes mention of the political repercussions facing the Democratic Party if it lost Vietnam. 




 My answer isn't as a historian, but it comes from lived experience. About twenty-five years ago I worked for military intelligence as an ELINT analyst. One of the sites I operated from was run by the NSA, and located in an allied country where we collected and analyzed satellite and missile telemetry from hostile nations. At this site, the analysts were guarded by armed MPs, and the equipment was rigged with self-destruct explosives in the event of a foreign military attack. To complete the destruction, two f16s from a nearby airbase remained on daily alert to bomb the site so that nothing remained for the enemy to use. 




 According to Eric Arnesen in *The Black Worker: Race, Labor, and Civil Rights since Emancipation* and Richard Valelly in *The Two Reconstructions: the Struggle for Black Enfranchisement*, slaves so despised their masters that one of the first things they did as freemen was change given names. Instead, they adopted names taken from places, trades, and even African relatives. Keeping the master's name was considered a last resort as a means to escape the rampant violence visited on newly freed blacks. 




 The Roediger book deals explicitly with Eastern European immigrants. 




 Two wrongs don't make a right, but isn't the gang rape of women in India a common occurrence? 




 There are many authors who discuss race and the immigrant's path to acceptance as a member of the "white race", but David Roediger's *Working Toward Whiteness: How America's Immigrants Became White* is probably the most concise. As one commenter mentioned without going into detail, the process was related to economic and political power. An individual gained access through attaining a steady, well-paying job, but the best means was by purchasing land and building a house, or buying a preexisting house. According to Roediger, these two conditions signaled to the community at large that the individual held a stake in the nation's continuing success. The most problematic "whites" were the Jews because of the rampant antisemitism both in the U.S. and abroad, but even they could be accepted if they satisfied the job and house provision. Asians and blacks were excluded from this process by the National Association of Realtors which instituted a system of "red lining". The institution used signed covenants to restrict homeowners within a community from selling their homes to African-Americans or any other minority the community deemed unwelcome. On Realtor maps these areas were outlined using red, thus the term "red lining."  For more information here is a list of books:
* Fenians, Freedmen, and Southern Whites by Mitchell Snay
* Inventing the "American Way" by Wendy Wall
* My Blue Heaven: life and politics in working-class suburbs of Los Angeles by Becky Nicolaides
* Popular Culture in the Age of White Flight by Eric Avila
* Urban Revolt: ethnic politics in the nineteenth-century Chicago labor movement by Eric Hirsch
* White Flight: Atlanta and the making of modern conservatism by Kevin Kruse 




 According to Zubok's *Inside the Kremlin's Cold War,"* and *Gulag: a history* by Anne Applebaum, not only did soldiers have to share a rifle, many were forced to collect their weapons and ammunition off of dead Soviet and German soldiers. Both authors report soldiers going into battle with sharpened pitchforks and scythes for weapons. 




 If you want a concise history through timelines I suggest reading *Map of Time: an Introduction to Big History* by David Christian. He also does a beautiful TedTalk on the book. 




 we can assume he didn't pay for grades, but if he did, he got cheated. 




 I've studied T. Roosevelt's life pretty extensively, and he was a contemporary of John Muir. Roosevelt's intention for setting aside so much federal land was so the American public could enjoy camping in the wild.  




 JFK's grades were horrible; he barely maintained a passing grade point average. 




 I refuse to tell the reader what to think about an article. If I were to give a submission statement it would influence the readers' understanding of the article. If you're a sheep and feel the need to be led I can understand this necessity, but I don't feel this need. If the reader wants to know about the story, he/she can do just as I did, read it. 




 I refuse to tell the reader what to think about an article. If I were to give a submission statement it would influence the readers' understanding of the article. If you're a sheep and feel the need to be led I can understand this necessity, but I don't feel this need. If the reader wants to know about the story, he/she can do just as I did, read it. 




 Instead of my telling you what to think, read the article and come to your own conclusion. 




 Chomsky, 'nuf said. 




 I would ask: "If your party is completely against raising taxes, why did you vote to raise the payroll tax, which impacts the majority of hourly workers, but voted not to raise taxes on those making more than 200k?" 




 Boeing is currently threatening to move out of the Seattle area because of labor issues, and it is pressing the city and state for more incentives to remain in the area. It's silly to give such perks to an obviously declining company. 




 I've read a number of historians (Foner, Ward, Kennedy, Norton) who've stated that the recession began in the early 1920s, and the Stock Market crash of 1929 was just a part of a longer economic downturn. 




 I was a TA for Eve Kornfeld, a prominent historian a pre-colonial and colonial American, and she explained the gendered immigration patterns of early settlers as a result of economic interests. She said the Virginia area became a focus of interest for British companies that were searching for new sources of raw materials. These companies would advertise for men by espousing the New World as a means of new opportunities and wealth. They offered to pay the individuals way via ship and provide them with food, and in return the individual would labor honestly and without trouble for six years. When the six years passed, the individual was given a plot of land and the means necessary to make it prosper. When the individual arrived in Virginia, a local would buy his contract from the British company, and the man would now work for a new employer for the six years. If his new employer accused him of being difficult, he could add more time to the contract.
New immigrants to the Northern U.S. were mostly families because they were moving to escape religious persecution. They came to the new world as a family unit, and encouraged settlement as a family unit. The individual's life expectancy was also very short during this period and the new world's appetite for new immigrants remained constant. I hope this explanation helps. 




 i know, but that acronym just seems so unexpectedly appropriate for the NSA; either they didn't write the acronym down or didn't care what the public might read into it. 




 who out there didn't read that acronym as i con the record? it's truth in advertising. 




 There is a wonderful book by Timothy Egan called *The Big Burn* that talks about the birth of the U.S. Forestry Service and T. Roosevelt's role in setting aside land for the national forest. It details the huge forest fire of 1910 that spread across Washington, Idaho, and Michigan, and how the newly appointed forest rangers and volunteers battled to fight the fire. One of the tidbits I found interesting was that Ed Polaski, a forest ranger, invented the axe that all modern firefighters now carry but never received any financial gain because he didn't patent the design. As a result of the 1910 fire, Polaski lost all the sight in one eye, and damage to the other eye left his vision blurry. The saddest portion of the book details the lack of social and medical support the rangers received after risking their lives. The men were forced to pay their own medical bills and none of them received pensions or disability payments. Because of their injuries, many suffered financial ruin and died poor. 




 in virtually every book i've read on this subject, stalin's need for an american invasion of france was to force germany to shift resources away from the russian front, and relieve pressure on the russian military. as the winter took its toll on germany the need became less pressing, but stalin still continued to insist on the invasion.
another rarely mentioned fact is that the japanese 5th army was amassed on the chinese/soviet border. because japan and russia were members of a non-aggression pact signed in 1905 (T. Roosevelt won a nobel prize for mediating this), stalin knew this border was safe. the japanese were terrified the russians would enter the war against them, and would probably have surrendered before the bomb drop on hiroshima (stated by: arnold, leahy, macarthur, eisenhower). i've always asked myself why truman didn't drop the bomb as a demonstration on the japanese army amassed across the border from russia? it was a military target and the demonstration would reveal to both russia and japan the bomb's power. the arms race would probably have still occurred, but there might have been less animosity between the russia and the u.s. 




 I once took a seminar on the history of modern germany - bismark to adenauer
In regards to hitler, my prof. offered two factors he felt were decisive for the nazis to gain power. first, the radio was employed to disseminate a constant stream of pro-nazi propaganda. he said that every home in germany was required to have a radio, and if it wasn't on, the homeowners were regarded with suspicion and reported to the authorities. second, the concentration camps began as a political tool used to scare local social-democrats and communists within the population. this soon expanded to include religious leaders and newspaper writers/editors/owners. many of the individuals swallowed up in the camps were later released and the stories they told about the camps were positive.  at the time, many of the camps were located in secluded, forested areas where the local populations rarely encountered it. most germans, he stated, were simply happy they weren't imprisoned in one. as the camps evolved and became more closely associated with jewish imprisonment, they were ignored by the population. in the nazi party's early days, these camps were full of political prisoners, and the mere thought of ending up in one kept the population from supporting the party's opponents. 




 I had friends that TAed for him, and I've read his *Maps of Time: an Introduction to Big History* twice. I took a seminar on historical methodology, which is when I read his book for the first time. We got to meet him and ask questions the week our group covered the big history topic. I enjoy his writing and highly recommend the book. Dr. Christian moved back to Australia, but I'm not sure where he's teaching.  




 It was at SDSU and so long ago I can't remember the profs. name. 




 This seminar did include Nicholaides, McGirr, and Davis (not his ecology of fear), and these three are known as part of a California history clique. 




 I can only speak to the seminars that I've been directly involved in, and it may vary from institution to institution. A history seminar will delve deeply into the history of a subject, location, or even ideology, among many other things. For example, a seminar on the history of Los Angeles would require a number of core books about the city's social, economic, political, and physical history for the student to read weekly/biweekly. Additionally, the student is assigned a book from the list to review. Book reviews are generally 6-10 pages and focus on where the book fits within 1) its historiography, 2) the author's citations and historical methodology, 3) the argument's strengths and weaknesses, 4) and what the author's argument adds to the historiography. The instructor will also offer subjects for deeper historical inspection that relate to the course, and the student is assigned a 20-30 page paper to respond. The seminar generally meets weekly to discuss assignments and the readings, and I always found it the most interesting portion because my fellow students often noticed things that I did not, thus expanding my knowledge. Anyway, the gist of it is there's a lot of reading and writing involved, but if you love history, a seminar's the best thing since sliced bread. 




 Let's go ahead and blame Manning's release of documents for helping radicals recruit new members; let's forget that the incidents documented in the leaks really happened and could be seen as a recruiting tool. 




 There were multiple contemporaneous military studies completed at the end of the war that stated Japan was close to surrender, and the bombs were completely unnecessary. Hap Arnold reported that the Japanese had "lost the skies" and the Army Air Force was running out of targets in Japan. Leahy reported that the Navy blockade of Japan ensured no further war production could take place. All of the military command with actual knowledge of the South Pacific War stated they believed the war couldn't have lasted past November of 1945.  




 I understand and appreciate your input on this; I also want to say your earlier mention of the Alperovitz thesis piqued my interest so I read the book. I've encountered much of the information Alperovitz documents but it came from secondary resources that had written about the bombings. His research appears sound, the citations are many and speak to the incident at hand, but he also identifies areas where the information has changed or was incomplete. You argued in another thread that his thesis was popular in the 1990s, but that was no longer the case. What do you believe is incorrect about his work, and the thesis that the bomb, while dropped on Japan, was meant as a political tool for use against Russia? 




 Thank you for the information; it answered my question completely. 




 Boeing - not only can we not develop and deliver a plane on time, we will also sue you for failing. Plus - like at Walmart - you only get an in-store credit. 




 Firebombing a city entailed massive numbers of planes and bombs, and took a number of hours to effect what the military would call a success. The A-bomb required one plane and one bomb that acted with immediate destruction rendering the possibility of survival virtually nonexistent. Everyone understood the destructive potential of this weapon and its political implication for future generations. If you can gain access to Time's and Harper's archives, the contemporary articles clearly articulate the pulse of the world after the bomb's drop. 




 I appreciate your input, but I caution you against "taking yourself" back in time as you study the bomb's history, and by that I mean believing our contemporary attitudes were shared by those living in 1945. We have lived with the knowledge of nuclear weapons for over 65 years, and its depictions in numerous films, television shows, documentaries, and video games lead to a disconnect with its actual danger, but in 1945, a force as powerful as these two weapons simply didn't exist. For nations at war, the understanding that one bomb could wipe out entire armies, was both awe inspiring and frightening. Articles in Time, Harpers, The New York Times, and other news sources in the U.S. and overseas immediately address this weapon's implications on war and politics, and the paradigm shift this meant for the world at large. As for who wouldn't want to see the bomb drop? Just about the entire military and scientific community who had witnessed the test drop or were briefed on its results. Within the naval command, Leahy and MacArthur both stated there unhappiness over the bombs and targets because they considered it an almost cowardly act against a civilian population. And while the destruction of cities was commonplace during this period, the ability to do it with one bomb was not imagined. 




 There are mounds of declassified documents, but there's a reason they're classified as such. And, while some documents released earlier to researchers still had large portions redacted, more complete versions have been released which call into question the accepted understanding of the roles and attitudes of those involved in the decision. The military command's involvement in the decision was based on the intelligence at hand and what they were seeing on the ground. The navy commanders in charge of the blockade of Japan reported that the enemy was completely unable to resupply and predicted it would sue for peace by December, 1945. Hap Arnold stated in Time magazine a mere 11 days after the event that the Japanese were already beaten and dropping the bomb was completely unnecessary.
I do, however, appreciate your input and the listing of another book that I can pour through. 




 The government still has a massive amount of classified information from WWII, and the difficulty for a researcher is to know exactly what document to request in a FOIA, otherwise it's like throwing spitballs at the wall and waiting for the right one to stick.
Regarding my flare, I do study the development of cities, their social and political histories, and yes, race plays an important role. As for the media, I have a deep understanding of film's influence on society in driving a popular narrative or style, or taking the historical pulse of the nation in any given year. 




 I didn't know there was an Alperovitz thesis. My knowledge comes from reading Gaddis, Lytle, Zubok and Pleshakov, and other cold war historians whose stances have shifted on the bomb decision issue over the years. Probably the most damning material for what Truman knew about Japan's attempts at peace overtures comes from the declassified MAGIC intercepts. This information, combined with newly released classified documents paints a very different picture of the decision. Another point that has become clear over time is that Stimson was far removed from the decision making process at both Potsdam and for the bomb. This is verified repeatedly by his own diary and from the personal papers of those involved. 




 The problem with the narrative of a "perfect storm of justifications" is that it doesn't fit with the historical record of the event that continues to contemporaneously evolve as more formerly classified material is released, along with the diaries of primary participants that were withheld from publication by request (25-50 yrs.). The information Truman had from his military was that Japan was on its last legs because of the blockade. The U.S. controlled the skies above Japan because the country was out of fuel, and the pilots were rapidly running out of targets on the mainland to bomb. They urged a clarification of the "unconditional surrender" term that assured the Japanese people that their Emperor wouldn't be harmed. They also believed an invasion of Japan wasn't necessary because Allied bombing had completely destroyed the country's ability to manufacture munitions, and the blockade denied it the raw materials for production. Eisenhower was particularly vocal, especially after encountering the Red Army in Europe, and witnessing its decrepitude, that U.S. forces could operate without a declaration of war from Russia. The number of high-ranking military officials who supported a demonstration of the weapon prior to its use is overwhelming. A number of these same officials later said that more American lives could've been saved, and the war shortened, if Truman had simply clarified "unconditional surrender", which was the only sticking point to Japan's surrender. The idea that Japan refused to surrender is a fallacy, and the record is filled with these attempts. The Emperor became personally involved in these attempts during June, 1945, and a MAGIC intercept details his attempt to meet with the King of Sweden, who as an royal personage could broker the terms of surrender with the U.S. The OSS chief in Sweden, William "Wild Bill" Donovan, confirmed the effort but Truman told him not to pursue it. That's why the decision to drop the bomb makes such a compelling mystery. 




 The conspiracy isn't about building the bomb, it's about Truman's decision to use the bomb. His decision to drop the A-bomb on Hiroshima and Nagasaki fits all the parameters of a conspiracy. Did he authorize the drop because it would end the war quickly and save American soldiers' lives, or was it because the entire Red Army was amassed across Eastern Europe and Germany's defeat freed up soldiers to shift to the Asian sphere of battle, leaving western Europe defenseless? Regarding the latter question, a demonstration of the A-bomb sent a clear message to Stalin that the U.S. now had the capability to offset a large land army with superior technology. However, this is only one area of inquiry. Who influenced Truman's decision-making process? Why were Japanese peace overtures ignored? Why was a Russian declaration of war against Japan pursued so vigorously at the onset of May-July, 1945, and then abandoned after the Potsdam Conference? It was generally believed by all parties involved that a declaration of war by Russia would force the capitulation of Japan without the necessity of a U.S. invasion. Why did Truman refuse to define the term "unconditional surrender" so that the Japanese people understood it didn't mean the death of their Emperor? Despite calls from the American media, Churchill, the U.S. legislature, and all his military commanders to clearly outline for the Japanese people what surrender would entail, Truman remained evasive on the issue. If a historian wants a really good conspiracy, it's the decision to use the bomb.  




 This is also a theory I'm familiar with, and one that stands up to scholarly inquiry. 




 You believe the bomb was used to save American soldiers from having to invade Japan. 




 You believe the bomb was used to save American soldiers from having to invade Japan. 




 These figures don't hold up under historical scrutiny. Primary documents from the historical actors (Truman, Eisenhower, Marshall etc.), and from declassified material, paint a very different picture of the reasoning behind Truman's decision to drop the bomb. 




 This is also one of the narrative's that I'm aware of, but is it correct? 




 All of these arguments assume that dropping the bombs on populated areas was necessary, but why not demonstrate the bomb's power before a Japanese delegation, and then actually use the bomb if the nation remains unmoved? Based on the accounts of scientists who viewed the first atomic explosion, the overall emotion felts among them was awe at its power. Japan's government had already sent out diplomatic feelers among the Russians to broker a peace deal with the Americans. MAGIC intercepts of Japanese communication also provided U.S. military leaders with the knowledge that Japan's military was on the verge of collapse. So, why drop the bomb without offering first a demonstration? 




 I believe that the legalities of the bomb played a small role in Truman's decision-making process, but do you really believe it was his main impetus for dropping the bomb? 




 The legalities of whether to drop the bomb was not an answer that I expected, and it is appreciated. A number of historians mention the comparison between the bomb's effects and fire bombing civilian cities in Europe and Japan. McNamara admitted publicly that if the U.S. hadn't won the war, the leadership, himself included, would have faced charges for crimes against humanity because of the firebombing of Dresden and Tokyo. Am I correct, then, in summing up this line of argument as "it was okay by the rules of the Hague Convention?" 




 I'm an American historian, but of the two people who immediately come to mind, one is british - Winston Churchill. Immediately after his speech "we will fight in the...", American public opinion reversed course from isolationist to intervention and allowed congress to pass the lend/lease bill. Benjamin Franklin is another individual whose scientific stature bestowed on him a fame that he capitalized on by convincing France to aid the American Rebels. It was his invention of the lightning rod that brought him the most fame overseas. Most cities were constructed of wood, so lightning strikes were a constant threat. With the advent of Franklin's lightning rod, cities suddenly became much safer places to live, something that the French truly appreciated.  




 While reading Wade Davis's *Into the Silence: The Great War, Mallory, and the Conquest of Everest*, there is an account of two climbers from Mallory's 2nd expedition in 1922 who used experimental oxygen. They both climbed higher than Mallory and remained overnight. To celebrate their oxygen equipment's success, they shared a cigarette. I was surprised that fit climbers such as Mallory, and his fellow climbers, weren't leery about the effects of smoking, but their accounts talk about sharing cigarettes in an almost ritual-like way. 




 If you truly want to understand why Detroit collapsed, read Thomas Sugrue's *The Origins of the Urban Crisis: Race and Inequality in Post-war Detroit*. Another good read is Kevin Boyle's *Arc of Justice: A Saga of Race, Civil Rights, and Murder in the Jazz Age*. Both offer pain-staking details to the decline of Detroit, but the main gist is that the Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Realtors made their money off the city's constituents, and then abandoned it along with the manufacturing sector. 




 Hubris. 




 The ideology of anarchy demands that members deny the authority of anyone other than ones self. 




 The resulting arms race also cost Americans far more than they could have imagined. Instead of investing in education and building a more robust working class, the capital was spent on building, maintaining, and improving nuclear bombs; it's an investment in a weapon that no one ever plans to use, because the response would overwhelm the world. During the arms race one group did prosper - the military-industrial complex. Alec Roland called weapons the "capitalists dream" because they created their own market, required constant upkeep, and always needed upgrades. 




 Before 1945, only individuals with the 'need to know' were aware of the atomic bomb. Physicists not involved in the project probably understood the theoretical power of nuclear fission, but didn't know about the real deal. I once did a search on lexis nexis for the two words "atomic bomb", and the only hit returned was from a 1920s era newspaper story that predicted what the future would be like. The author posited that cars in the future would fly using energy from small atomic blasts. 




 I mentioned Lev and the directors' autobiographies because they were the quickest sources that I could recall, but I did a deep study on the film industry's development and very little was mentioned about Edison's patents. In its early days, Hollywood was very much a wild west atmosphere with new innovations occurring annually. However, every telling of the story about Hollywood's birth shares the same commonality, weather. 




 If this occurred, then the individual didn't successfully fake their death. 




 Peter Lev wrote an entire series on the history of film that is broken down into decades (ie. 1900-1910, 1920-1930). He posited that California became the studios' choice because of the weather. George Stevens and Byron Haskin both began their careers as camera operators around 1910, before becoming directors; in their biographies, both men discuss at length about the extended shooting schedules that California offered, as well as the variety of landscape. Montana was considered as a suitable replacement for California, but its weather and short summer left the state at a disadvantage. I cannot comment on the reason for New York's success in American theater. 




 If they successfully faked their death, doesn't that mean no one would know? 




 I don't know of A. Beevor's claim, but I have read translations of primary documents that described strategies used by German women to avoid rape as the Red Army rolled through their territory. This included making themselves appear as men (cutting hair, more clothes for bulk) or just completely undesirable (blackening face with soot and mud), but the main strategy was to flee toward the approaching Allied armies. 




 Physically, Stalin was a very short man (5'4 I think) with a club foot and a deformed arm. In no way was he physically imposing, thus the moniker "steel" to make up for his features. 




 There is a good reason for Churchill's quote about the Britain being able to survive. Lynne Olson's book *Those Angry Days* describes the fight between isolationists and interventionists before the bombing of Pearl Harbor. We like to see the Lend Lease program as a crutch for Britain, but in actuality it didn't provide much support for the British because American military leaders were unwilling to release equipment they believed would be necessary for U.S. defense in the immediate future. Roosevelt was hesitant to go against public opinion, and the isolationists were extremely vocal and led by a number of groups, the most influential being America First, which touted Lindbergh as a member. Olson describes Britain as being on the edge of collapse and encircled by the Germans. Hitler, meanwhile, has given orders to his navy not to menace any U.S. ships. He avoided at all costs bringing the U.S. into the war, but after the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor, he waited a period longer before declaring war on the U.S. Olson also claimed Roosevelt wanted a declaration of war from Germany to strengthen his own political position in asking congress for a declaration of war. Churchill and his interventionist guests, which he described as fairly dancing, were so very happy because they knew America's business interests would now support war, and the trickle of war materials would now become a flood. 




 I cannot comment on the first era (1920), but Stalin's reaction to the German invasion and Winter War is documented by his daughter, who said he sequestered himself in isolation and wept out of fear. She described him as being unsure of his leadership skills, and that he felt vulnerable to his many political enemies. All of this is documented in Zubok and Pleshakov's book *Inside the Kremlin's Cold War*. Applebaum writes of Stalin's deep distrust of the Polish military and underground and his vicious purges after gaining control of the country in her writings about the Gulag. 




 I've already seen that Sinclair and others were mentioned, however, Jacob Riis was one of the earliest investigative reporters that combined photography. He wrote *How the other half lives* but prior to this book, he wrote in-depth articles on everything from sanitation to alcohol reform. He is mentioned by historians as one of T. Roosevelt's companions on his jaunts through 1890s New York City. 




 We spent a week on studying and understanding the different historical methodologies during one of my early history seminars, and post-modernism was by far the most complicated. One of the books we read was Foucault's *Discipline and Punish*, but I deal mainly with film historians who specialize in post-modern methodology. My greatest complaint is that the pm methodology create these very long, sometimes confusing argument, and then give it a shorter label, before using it again to support another argument. In short, it appeared to be a form of verbal gymnastics employed to prop up an argument when proof wasn't readily available. 




 Somehow, North Carolina's branding as Dennys is aptly appropriate. 




 That answer was given in earnest, and has a basis in ancient histories and drawings. The human breast's ability to squirt milk led children to use the same technique on goats, cows, llamas, or any other animal that produces milk for human consumption. The only thing wrong with my answer was its need for more context. 




 It began when male children learned their mothers' teats squirted milk when pressed just so. It then moved to the bladder of animals. Of course, the concept of a squirting gun only came about with the commercialization of toys. 




 Hints of war over declining natural resources. 




 I'm assuming the government's at fault here because it has a long track-record of doing really bad things: vietnam, watergate, grenada, shah of iran, nicaragua, iraq, ............ 




 However, these are the same ratings agencies that gave AAA ratings to junk bonds during the financial meltdown. Regard their ratings as suspect. 




 The author only mentioned [freedom of contract](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freedom_of_contract) once, but it was the precursor to "right to work" and was just as heinous.  




 No...someone in her position could send a proxy, as is so prevalent in our society, but she chose to attend and present her viewpoint. If the opportunity ever presents itself for you to heckle the president, let me know if you had the courage to do it. 




 You have to admire someone with the courage to express their beliefs. 




 The Republicans seem perfectly content to screw over those of us students with loans; it's not considered a tax so it can't be held against them. 




 i cannot agree with you because i believe t. roosevelt was a far superior president than either of the poor examples you mentioned. 




 I humbly withdraw my selection. 




 Herbert Hoover - the presidency was his first elected office. 




 Ditto...damn it. 




 The anti-registration contingent argues about this fear of having their guns taken because they'll be left without protection. The government doesn't want peoples' guns because they have so many better toys with which to reap destruction; and if they wanted your gun, they could take it, along with the owner. Protesting the drone strikes that killed an U.S. citizen, the closing of Guantanamo, the use of torture, or the warrant-less wiretaps are all equally important, but gun advocates only want to protect the 2nd amendment and toss the rest out. Asking gun owners to register their weapons and instituting improved background checks is not unreasonable, and anyone paranoid about the government taking their gun is probably not that stable in the first place. If an individual is obeying the law, and living within it, they have nothing to fear. You may have the final word because I'm finished with arguing about "what might happen" in some paranoid's world. 




 If it comes down to making your life a little harder in order to save lives, that's simply a no-brainer. Asking people to register and pass a background check before purchasing a weapon in no way inhibits an individual from owning a gun. If that person passes the background check, no problem, they get the gun; but, if that person fails the check, it may stop a mass shooting. The straw-man in the argument for 2nd amendment enthusiasts is that registering puts them on some kind of list. This kind of fortunetelling leads to conspiracy theories and worries that the government will take away guns. As for being on a list, the number of things that necessitate registration are almost too numerous to count: boating, hunting, school, children, vehicle, home, pet, rv, motorcycle, political party, etc..

The government knows enough about its population without having to worry about whether you have a weapon. In fact, the information government has on the population probably includes whether or not the individuals is willing to use said gun. Again, registering a weapon and passing background checks in no way infringes on the right to purchase or own a gun. 




 I am former military; we went to the gun range an average of five times a month. If you asked the soldiers managing the gun range, the most dangerous individual is the untrained shooter. New shooters will point weapons at people, cars, and animals because the weapon is a new "toy." Our nation doesn't allow people to drive a car w/o a license and it should be the same for gun ownership. Our nation's founders didn't require this because children were taught about weapons during this period; it was a tool used for survival. We no longer use weapons this way, but expect people to understand them. 




 I should have clarified which rights I don't believe are being stepped on - gun rights. Weapons should be registered and training to use them should be mandatory. But the government's asking gun owners to register their weapons shouldn't be a big deal. 




 The stated reason for the protest is to protest an encroaching government and the event organizers stressed that it would remain peaceful if the authorities remained respectful of the protestors' rights. The "if" in that statement bothers me because it implies a threat of retaliation, and is almost provocative in nature. It almost appears as if they're spoiling for a fight over rights that I don't believe are being trampled on. 




 Remember when a group from the black panthers showed up with guns in a public forum and the government went ballistic? 




 I only have myself to blame for the lack of regulatory oversight that is slowly killing the united states, because i voted in every election that allowed my representative to act like a shitbird and vote for corporate self-regulation. i know that the ron paul types and republicans scream for smaller government and less regulation because it's anti-business. i'm ashamed that i once voted for ronald reagan, and the sr. bush fooled me once, but age and education have shown me the error of my ways. the gutting of *our* resources, not corporations resources, but the *nation's* resources, comes at the cost of smaller government. i take responsibility for the debacle that is our congress, and let me go ahead and apologize in advance for the future *insert catastrophe here* by the *insert corporate entity here* causing the needless deaths of *insert number dead here*. boy, do i feel better about small government.  




 Now the 1 percent is outsourcing our scholarship programs. 




 I'm currently watching Jon Stewart on the Daily Show. He agrees that you're an idiot. 




 I acknowledged the fact that my idea is repulsive, but so is an ideology that fights for the rights of a deranged portion of the population to have the arms necessary to decimate twenty children. 




 I'll defend your right to be wrong, and to express your opinion using an ad hominem argument, but I won't agree with you because then we'd both be wrong. 




 This is in no way an argument based on raw emotion. The will of the people has been usurped by a powerful gun lobby, and that runs completely against the constitutional laws of the United States. As for my argument about the crime scene photos, that, too, is on solid ground with a plethora of sources, but I'll include one [here](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/culturepicturegalleries/6152050/Ten-photographs-that-changed-the-world.html).  




 This is completely unacceptable behavior on the part of our legislative branch, and those that are responsible for the bill's defeat should be politically punished. Citizens are forced to register their cars, animals, and homes, so why should guns be treated any differently? There was, and still remains, one sure-fire way to get gun legislation passed - release the crime scene photos of the Newtown shooting victims. I know this suggestion is thoroughly repulsive, but as a photojournalist, I understand the visceral reaction to a photo, and the power contained within. The public's reaction to those photos would be a firestorm that even the most jaded of politicians could not ignore, nor could the NRA dodge the reality that occurred when a lone gunman stole the lives of 26 helpless and innocent individuals. 




 I can offer you a good book source that answers just this question: David Roediger, "Working toward whiteness: how America's immigrants became white". Roediger attributed the path to "whiteness" as earned by owning a home, which of course meant you had a good job. 




 Siemens has been mentioned, but it deserves another mention for the funding of the Nazi party. It also used slave labor from the jewish prison camps, often working the prisoners to death. there are oral accounts of jewish prisoners working on siemens' assembly line and simply falling over dead from hunger and disease. 




 Fear is the engine driving your question, and obviously the U.S. government is not worried about NK. Conducting the test would be tantamount to "chest thumping," and do we really need to do that these days? 




 Thank you, Jon Stewart. 




 Another example of "Fast and Furious" at the local level. 




 The wealthy and the corporations they own consume a far greater ratio of national resources than the average American. The reason this goes unnoticed today is because in the last 100 years the wealthy have learned to play down or hide their wealth. The communities they live in are gated and exclusive, hidden from site. This wasn't true a decade earlier because limitations on transportation meant the wealthy had to mingle with the poor. As a result, Americans witnessed up close the drain on themselves and the nation's resources, which is why taxes on the nation's wealthiest once stood at close to 90%. 




 You'll have to explain the whole process of "wealth redistribution through taxes" before I can understand your argument. 




 Leave social security out because that is taken out of every worker's check, and Medicare is for the poor. National Defense is shared by all, but let's take it as an example. As a taxpayer, I'm paying for the development of the F35 by Lockheed; as an aircraft, it's the equivalent of a money pit - taking in vast amounts of taxpayer funds for over 9 years, but it remains in development. However, Lockheed's board of directors and ceo take home outstanding paychecks. They live in gated communities, fly from place to place, and often park their funds in accounts that are beyond the government's purview. Meanwhile, the industry that they control uses national resources that they pay for at a reduced rate, while simultaneously receiving subsidies. In addition, they employ armies of accountants to insure they receive every tax-break available. Every time I see masses of semi-trucks barreling down the road, or delivery vehicles (UPS, etc.) on the street, I know they're wearing on the roadway more than my car. Shouldn't their taxes be tied to the amount of national resources for which they demand? 




 Untrue...the best example of this is Mitt Romney, and he doesn't represent an anomaly among the wealthy, but rather the norm. 




 What I mean is that the wealthy own the means of production in this country, and that their industries absorb a large portion of national resources. In relation to the average individual, the wealthy are consuming vastly more government services than for which they are paying. 




 Ahh, Adelitas. If you can't find the woman of your dreams there, she doesn't exist. 




 My sentiments, exactly. Harper's is a great primary source if you want to take the pulse of the nation during a particular period after 1857. Harpers is still around today and its archives are available online to subscribers. 




 According to the posse comitatus act of 1878, the use of federal troops to enforce state laws is in direct violation of the constitution. An act of congress, however, can supersede the act if the government believes it necessary to maintain law and order. 




 Good call...this was the first time Douglas MacArthur made it onto the national stage. 




 When I lived in San Diego, I was robbed twice by police while visiting Tijuana. I still love the city, though. There's something about lawlessness so brazenly on display by police and locals that really makes you feel alive. 




 Because the majority of America's soldiers come from the working class, a social class vastly under-represented by the mainstream media. It's only when the suicides come in bunches, or from a particular post, that the media shows any interest. 




 Now let's send some of the bastards to jail. 




 That's just my point, you don't possess the necessary knowledge without my explaining it to you. I can tell you that two centuries earlier, the idea of working for a wage was ludicrous because the world - Britain excepted - still operated on a market economy. Barter remained common for all goods and services. A worker either apprenticed themselves to learn a trade, or they labored in agriculture for a sustenance living.

One century earlier, the average laborer worked 12-14 hour days, six days a week, in incredibly dirty dangerous conditions. If he/she worked in a factory, there were no safety precautions taken and if the worker threatened to strike, he/she was replaced by a more willing worker, or a black laborer. By black laborer, I'm including Sicilians, Greeks, East Europeans, Chinese, Japanese, and Mexicans, because each race was considered "black" on some level. The laws covering this labor fell under the "freedom of contract" clause, meaning if you agreed to work for a wage, you did whatever the boss demanded regardless of danger or long hours.

The reason our food server was able to draw attention to this incident is because of the advances in work conditions made possible by labor unions. We now have 8 hour work days and laws requiring overtime pay; we work five day weeks; if an employer is at fault for bodily injury, they now have to pay; child labor is no longer acceptable in the US; employers are required to give breaks. The list goes on-and-on, but it offers the historical precedence that allowed this food server to speak up and actually be heard. It is also a system that employers hate because it restricts them from taking more-for-less from the employee. Republicans would love to rollback the advances made in labor as we've witnessed in numerous political battles across the nation (Wisconsin, Illinois, Florida, Tennessee).

I've given you ideas that any American historian immediately recognizes, but you don't want a list of "unqualified sources." Perhaps you don't like reading, but the list of sources I offer are peer reviewed university press books published by Harvard, Cambridge, Princeton, Duke, and again the list goes on. Let me finish by saying that *ideas* are wonderful things, but unless supported by real research and testing, they remain ideas until proven, or they slip into the realm of fantasy. If you still want the historiography, I'm happy to send it, but now I'm at the point of wasting my time. If you want to know more, attend one of my lectures, or perhaps at a class closer to where you live. 




 You are correct about the "decade" reference, it should've been centuries. As for the rest of the argument, you win by default; you lack the necessary knowledge of US history to intelligently continue this conversation, and I lack the patience or energy to explain it to you. The only way I will respond is if you'd like a reading list for a historiography on the US economy. If you're interested, let me know and I'll send the list, and then we can have an intelligent conversation. 




 How a person behaves is absolutely dependent on historic precedence. The very fact that we're having a spirited argument on the relevancy of an individual's work behavior is proof positive of historical precedence. Were we to be having this discussion even a century earlier, it would be about the benefits of socialism. Go back even two decades, and the very idea of working for a wage in America would be greeted with disdain. Understanding the social, political, and economic history of the United States is absolutely necessary for me to know where I fit in this society's complicated structure, and for that historical precedence is absolutely necessary. 




 As an American historian, the very idea of finding the two words "professional integrity" side-by-side to support the US business system makes me chuckle, but the "breach of trust" concept brought a big laugh. In today's business environment, these terms only extend as far as the bottom line, and are mere lip-service in the left in the wake of profit. Our history is littered with examples of small and large businesses behaving badly, such as big tobacco and its "breach of trust" by a lowlife with no "professional integrity" that offered proof that "potentially harmed his employer," but ultimately broke the industries stranglehold on the country's cigarette use. The small business employer is no less culpable in displaying that "professional integrity" when placing the public or its employees at risk. My argument is that we need to worry less about "professional integrity" and demonstrate more personal integrity, which I believe the food server displayed in this case. 




 Sadly, you won't be the only misguided individual to agree with corporate America. However, when an individual claims a special relationship with the world at large - in this case a pastor - and they betray that trust by behaving badly or abusing that special relationship ("I give 10% to god" bullshit), then they also deserve every instance of disdain being heaped upon them. It took personal courage for this food server to defend a wronged fellow server, and it cost her the job. Does the average American worker possess this level of courage? IMHO the answer is no. The average US citizen has noted the treatment of whistle-blowers in society (wikileaks, enhanced interrogation) and decided to sit out any future fights, so when someone with the courage to step up appears, I'm firmly behind them. If your ultimate argument is that the food server broke the rules, and deserved the consequences, I'm arguing that the rules are there so that the average person doesn't have to think. If, as a person, I'm happy to have someone else do the thinking for me, then I've earned the society I live within. The food server picked her battle, but who really lost? I guarantee that the fallout among the restaurant's corporate leaders and the pastor's followers far exceeds losing a crappy food server job. 




 I've spent a good majority of my life waiting tables while earning two undergrads and a graduate degree, but never worked for Applebees. In fact, that crappy restaurant chain is the walmart of the restaurant world, and only a small step up from Denny's. Stories abound in the server's universe about the reputation of a restaurant chain. Olive Garden is a chain whose food is so inferior that servers warn other servers not to eat there. There are restaurants with reputations for not hiring minorities. I worked as a server/bartender at a M S seafood restaurant for almost seven years; during that period, the restaurant only employed one black server, and then only for less than a month. In the kitchen, we had a single black cook who lasted for less than a year. Perhaps our M S location was the extreme and not the standard, but it followed closely with the restaurant's corporate reputation for not hiring minorities. Within the "waiting world," the religious fucks were always the hardest to serve because they generally demanded more perfection and were the least forgiving. Any food server dreads working on a Sunday, because the 'GOD SQUAD' or 'JESUS FREAKS' invade restaurants at the same hours. The average server leaves a sunday shift exhausted, frustrated, angry, and underpaid. The religious nuts are only one small portion of the dining population that demanded more for less. The infrequent diner is another of these creatures who appear on Christmas or Thanksgiving days. These diners believe every aspect of the meal should be mistake free, and servers heartily agree that the meal should arrive on time and and in perfect condition, but we live in a world where mistakes occur, particularly when more than one individual is involved in the process. The frequent diner understands this aspect of the restaurant experience, but the infrequent diner often expects perfection or the meal is free. There are other diners, the real scumbags, who use complaints as a means for the free meal, but in the end the server is just the middleman left to apologize for the kitchen, bar, and hostess staff who see the customer for only brief moments. If your defense of the customer is "they're always right," let me be the first to say "fuck you," and downvote away. The customer is correct less than half the time, but even if they are correct, it doesn't give them the right to attack the server's dignity. One of the reasons eating out on a date remains popular is because the experience offers a couple the opportunity to observe how a potential mate treats someone else. It's like the bumper sticker, you learn right away what a person thinks about society at large. If you're a dick to a food server while part of a group, you can bet the other people you're dining with take note. In this case, a fellow food server drew a line in the sand, and lost her job, but she left Applebees with her dignity intact, and having learned a lesson that's commonly known in the industry - some restaurants only want smiling robots that are willing to endure a tongue lashing and nasty notes.

By the way, if this short note offended you, then good; you were my target audience. 




 When leading Wall Street executives line up to praise their regulator, be afraid, be very afraid. 




 Welcome back to the arena of irrelevance, Sarah. You will be missed by comedians everywhere. 




 Because ruining the finances of the little person wasn't enough, GS has decided to wreck the small businesses of the US. 




 What's wrong with you, Florida? You're getting out-crazied by Virginia. 




 I realized White was the wrong official for the position when Wall Street insiders praised her appointment. 




 The reason my dad could raise seven kids was because he worked two jobs, however, one of those jobs was in the steel industry and it paid a living wage for a family of three. The second job was at night with Kmart and paid minimum wage. Our family remained poor, and qualified for government food assistance, but dad just wouldn't accept it. He also refused to allow any of us kids to sign up for school lunches. Today, it's impossible to raise a family on minimum wage, and the jobs available don't pay nearly enough to cover a family's cost of living. As a result, more families are turning to credit cards to supplement the paycheck. Even with both spouses working, the contemporary American family can't keep up with the month-to-month bills, and the constant debt and long work hours, coupled with an uncertain job market, have suppressed the will to protest against unfair wages. With the average worker's wage in stagnation, and the manufacturers' war against labor unions, employers are rolling back many of the advances made by labor during the 20th century. The average working-class employee is now a wage slave who is so deeply in credit card and school loan debt that the very idea of owning a home and having children remains too far in the distant future to warrant making plans. While wages in the financial and political sectors continue to adjust with the cost of living, the salaries in retail and the service industry have remained stagnant since 1972. In short, stagnate wages are the reason for the decline in the middle class and the chasm between the rich and poor in America. 




 It's all part of dog's plan. 




 This story provides another example of why religion is such an odious influence on people that seeks to divide and denigrate the "other." 




 the bible 




 Why are "cost of living" wage increases allowed for federal employees yet denied to the average laborer? 




 If the Bush staff figured out a way to make torture acceptable, Obama's staff can figure out a way around the debt ceiling. 




 They were completely different entities and I'll offer you a number of books that backup my argument:

1. *Naming names* - Victor Navasky
2. *Cinema and History* - Marc Ferro
3. *Hollywood and History* - Robert Burgoyne
4. *Writing History in Film* - William Guynn
5. *The Persistence of History* - Vivian Sobchack

When you finish these books, come talk with me and we'll re-evaluate your understanding of this subject. 




 You are confusing the Hollywood investigation into communism with the McCarthy red scare; these are two separate events and the listed links are from the hollywood blacklist. 




 Boeing is going into damage control mode. Personally, I'd be terrified to fly on one of these planes. 




 See...you do get it. Decide when, where, and how to participate in the system of production. I'm telling people to participate in the system on their own terms, and to determine what really matters to them in life. Are they more interested in being the richest person in the cemetery? Fine, but I'm not sacrificing my time spent with family and friends, or expanding my horizons on the system unless it's on my terms. I don't want to look back at the end of my life, and see it wasted on filling a slot in the machine of industry. I want to remember the lazy walks through dense forests populated with hollows, as my dog pants alongside me, eager to chase the next squirrel. 




 Stop being wage slaves; make industry pay a wage that you believe you're worth, and don't work for less. If industry refuses, don't work. Learn the difference between "needs" and "wants", and live accordingly. Simplify or suffer. 




 We're just talking past each other, which I find is counter productive. We each have competing beliefs, but if I agreed with you, I would be wrong. 




 So is Saudi Arabia and you don't hear them making waves in the U.S. to further their regional agenda. 




 When did Israel begin dictating foreign policy in the U.S.? Why is this acceptable? 




 007 or Bourne? 




 I wonder if they'll put the patriot missiles in the same place as the old jupiter missiles. 




 The book, *Ordinary Men: Reserve Police Battalions 101*, gives a firsthand account of the moral questioning the ordinary german faced when participating in the final solution of hitler's plan. Many of the men used alcohol during the process to dampen their memories, and peer pressure among them also played an important role. The book offers accounts of soldiers refusing to participate, which is more along the lines of what you seek. It's also an incredibly depressing read, that gave me headaches from reading the accounts. 




 Payroll taxes went up 2%, and will hit the working class hardest, but the Republicans never let out a whisper about it. Meanwhile, they continue to protect the wealthiest upper classes. In a sense, it's a petty way of economically punishing the largest portion of Obama's supporters. Sadder still, the Democrats agreed to throw the working class under the bus. 




 Great selection, as the film M is credited with beginning the Film Noir hollywood movement. 




 Run, Lola, Run 




 Lately, stories about veterans committing suicide filter into reddit. I wonder if this article about the VA's approach to treating wounded veterans is really an attempt at damage control? 




 My photojournalism professor, Ken Bisio, did a photo essay for Time on Russia's orphanages. State run orphanages didn't have names, and only given a number, instead. Many of the children were used for labor by local factories, and many were adopted by organized crime. These were Soviet-era conditions, and my hope is that contemporary conditions have improved. 




 I'm going to approach my answer from a media historian's viewpoint that you may find unpopular, but the reason the violence in that film appears so tame is that as a society, we've become more accustomed to scenes of brutal violence. Contemporary film censors allow a vast amount of violence into film in relation to that of the 1970s. A film with only a moderate amount of violence, say a LOTR film, would have received an X rating for violence from a 1970s-era censor, who would consider the battle scenes as too graphic. 




 I knew he would confess when asked his "opinion" on whether the dead stewardess drank to excess, or left behind the two empty vodka bottles. He truly cared about her, and wasn't willing to accept that level of shame placed on her memory. The scene showing Denzel's last vision of the stewardess is shot from the first-person point-of-view, so the audience follows along, peering between his shoes. As he is dragged from the plane, his lover's body is splayed, with her head crushed under some bit of plane debris. During Denzel's initial official interview, he admitted to only remembering events up to the crash, so only his subconscious, and the audience, remembered being dragged from the crash. 




 That family rendered their shelter useless because now everyone knows where it is located. It's the first place outsiders will look for during a disaster. 




 T. Roosevelt viewed institutions that were too big to fail as *trusts*, and as such, he considered them threats to national security. In the early 20th century, if a trust failed, it received little to no assistance from the government. To limit the damage to government and unemployment, trusts were broken up. The same applies today; a too big to fail financial institution is a threat to national security. The US government may not have the clout to break up an institution such as HSBC, but it can place limits on the amount of business it does with the corporation. If a company is broken up, the assets remain the same, and there could be job loss, but there could also be less corruption if corporations were made to understand that it would face harsh punishment. 




 Not doing anything will also cause a lot of common folk to lose a lot of money, and give the impression that these actions are acceptable to the government. 




 Break these banks up as a form of punishment; make them give up assets as a monetary penalty. 




 Break it up as a consequence of malfeasance; make it a condition the big banks will face if they're corrupt. Believe me, there are plenty of players in the financial industry who would salivate at the idea of owning HSBC assets. 




 tucker and dale, hands down, is my pick. It's hard to make real horror a laughing matter, but this movie does it and still brings the gore. 




 as a history graduate student, i worked as a ta for two different history professors. the first prof. received her undergrad at harvard and her grad at yale. i learned from her to always attend a meeting with an agenda, even if it isn't a meeting you called. she said this would allow you to direct the meeting. the second prof. received his undergrad/grad degrees at columbia. he taught me to be a more skillful writer, and how to become an accomplished researcher. he taught me to honestly confront my argument's weaknesses, and discuss them before someone else does it for me. 




 It's been at least 10+ years since I've taken any roman history courses, but I believe the maccabees were involved in the jewish rebellion against rome. 




 And I'd be willing to bet that historic reference is masada, when jews kept roman armies at bay, until a ramp was built and herod's mountain fortress was retaken. 




 Says the man name "maccabe". 




 Ah, the old fallback, "antisemitism," to explain away something that is obvious to the world at large. I mentioned abraham because he's the linchpin that connects three of the most heinous religions. I'm saying that Israel's entire argument for existence rests on religion. If it weren't a religious matter, the other middle-eastern countries would not care what happened to Palestine, and consider it just another vanquished country, much as happened when rome wiped israel off the map in 70? ad. There was no islam to celebrate the event, but the christians were probably there to cheer it on. islam doesn't make its grand appearance until the 500s ad, and by then israel was just another failed nation state under the romans.   




 Remove the religious aspect from the formula and it all falls to pieces. Imagine not having the ideologies of islam, judaism, and christianity to use as a framework for admission to the region. Without religion there is no israel or judea, king david or solomon, no philistines or sadducees, clean or unclean, favored people and the rest of us. In fact, eliminate abraham and world development would have progressed at an accelerated pace. Instead, we're left with an endless supply of really bad "a priest, a rabbi, and an imam walk into a bar" jokes. If you still think I'm not pointing a finger at all the religions, well, you haven't been paying attention. 




 A mere drop in the bucket for HSBC. If you really want to cleanup wall street, dissolve or sell off offending companies. The feds should use the same mentality as a federal judge sentencing a crack addict, and cripple them for life. 




 As someone who doesn't believe in the whole god thing, all of the indoctrinated scare me because they can hang all the killing on the "will of the almighty," and justify their existence because they're mentioned in a book. Honestly, one day Israel's use to the US will go to the wayside, and it will join the ranks of the Philippines, Georgia, Honduras, Cuba, Hungary, and a bevy of others, on the sideline and ignored. I honestly hope that when that time arrives, Israel has learned to live peacefully with its neighboring countries. If not, it can always fall back on "his will be done." 




 The Israeli government treats Palestinian people as non-entities, with the hope that they will eventually "self-deport" to another area of the world. It is a condition with which Jews are well acclimated, the diaspora being just one example. But my support for the Palestinian people should not in any way be considered agreement with either country's use of violence. I recognize the actions of a bully when I see it, the constant overreaction to slights that escalates to violence. I also empathize with a people who were pushed aside, to make room for a nation that had not existed for close to 2000 years. It's as if a bunch of people calling themselves Roman decided today that all the people in Italy that didn't identify with being Roman were no longer recognized, and the country was defunct. But human beings believe we can lay claim to a place, when the reality is that when the earth's been injured enough by humanity, it will respond by eliminating the irritant. They believe there is some entity named yaweh, god, allah, buddah...waiting to accept them into a paradise, and will destroy anyone who doesn't believe as they do. If ever there were a one-word definition of mass murder it would be "religion." If humans stopped masking their pain by turning to religion, and instead placed ideology aside and asked how they could help one another, we would still fight but it would be with more honesty. Instead of standing beside Israel because "it's the only democracy in the middle east," the US could simply admit that the country's only use was as a conduit into a much-needed energy supply. By the way, name calling is the last bastion of a weak argument. 




 Why should the US place its soldiers and people on the line for a country that is so militaristic? Israel's handling of the Palestinian people is much the same as the US's handling of African Americans. 




 You're right...the hollywood insiders recognize b.s. when it sees it. 




 Explain to me your rational for removing this comment. 




 Changing climate conditions have led to droughts and a rise in food prices. The economic conditions have exasperated the decline, leading individuals to question leadership and the economic models that favor the elite. This is particularly true across the middle east where graft is an accepted practice in business. As U.S. power continues its decline both overseas and at home, the amount of aid to countries will substantially decrease, except to those countries that hold resources the federal government considers vital to national security. In the U.S., the economic downturn has halted and reversed any momentum to grow the middle class. Most Americans are now living paycheck to paycheck, working longer hours, and mired in school-loan debt. The new jobs being added to the economy are in the low-paying service industry. The discontent over wall street will continue to grow as more americans feel the tightening grip of the declining economy. Increasing violence, I believe, is just around the corner in the u.s. 




 I believe you have a valid argument, and if you need some ideas for primary sources, here are a few:

Time magazine archives - articles will give context to the political and social contemporary climate.
Harpers magazine - it also has extensive archives - see above
The Fog of War - documentary about McNamara and the war's operation
NSC-62 - the plan for implementing containment as advised by George Kennan's "Long Telegram"
JSTOR - If you're in college, the library provides access to this site, which is a huge repository for secondary and primary sources. 




 Property records are generally found at the county seat level. The records should contain the name of the contractor, and in many cases, the actual blue-prints. 




 Eric Foner discussed the viability of these interviews, and cautioned that the veracity of the interview depended on the individual doing the interviewing. If the FWP interviewer was black, the participant was more apt to be honest. If the interviewer was white, the information skewed to conform with the interviewer's beliefs of slave culture. 




 Good answer - I liked Christian's *Maps of Time* because it revealed patterns of human behavior that the micro-history approach simply missed. He also draws from science writing to place human history in context. 




 I took an undergraduate native american history class from Prof. James Drake, and he discussed the inherent racism still practiced in the united states against indigenous americans, particularly by sports teams. Atlanta Braves, Washington Redskins, Kansas City Chiefs, Florida State Seminoles, and a plethora of other teams abuse the indigenous american culture, while ignoring the pleas to correct their abuses. One washington d.c. newspaper decided to stop using the home team's name because of its unfair racial implications. 




