 Hey I put SPOILERS in the title.  You know the drill with that. 




 I honestly have never been excited to see him come out because I know it;s always the same thing.  "I showoff!"  then gyrations, then he gets his ass kicked, oversells, does his # moves of doom, gets beat on more, and occasionally hits the zig zag 




 And that is what is wrong with so many viewers nowadays.  They feel they are entitled to whatever they want from the company.  They owe you nothing other than to put on a show a few nights a week. 




 stop...HAMMERTIME! 




 That Rusev is injured, and so is Sasha Banks, and that Brock Lesnar is returning, and all the other stupid repeat posts people have been making all day long... 




 Except for the fact that really similar stuff like that has happened in WWE 




 Benoit's family 




 more like hours late.  I saw it on here this morning 




 Bret Hart vs Mr McMahon at Mania or Cena vs John Laurinitis at Over the Limit 




 Mark Henry 




 That's greasy 




 I know he's said it about Jeff Hardy before 




 It was [this guy](http://www.quickmeme.com/img/72/72ba8493efb1dc541c184e1f06c5e87f3c3f006282d42ff12fc5564586976e32.jpg) 




 NXT's #1 attacker! 




 Either [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tNj39wwM6IY) or [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nv86El--KhY) (given he doesn't return before then) 




 La Resistance trying to [put Spike Dudley through a table](https://38.media.tumblr.com/7dc3dacda53278ab4d0d0272bdd5aea9/tumblr_n4g77lIfBv1sbzhteo7_400.gif) 




 God I remember seeing this before.  Easily could have ended much worse 




 true, but that style fit his character so well.  He was that reckless with his body carefree risk taker 




 yup... makes it so much worse 




 [A-Train dropping Benoit on the chair](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTKi-ZJ9g20) 




 You never know ;-) 




 Sadly no... or am I? 




 Curtis Axel... awesome wrestler (hell even was chosen to help The Rock train for his comeback), just stuck with shitty gimmicks. 




 I agree with you, but unfortunately I am not in the company so I have no clue why they make the decisions they do lol 




 You pretty much nailed it with the costs.  It is expensive to build and transport them. 




 Is that supposed to be a superkick?  Because that is the weakest looking one I have ever seen 




 He had a pretty bad leg injury that he had surgery for 




 HHH is busy  




 This past season (9) was awesome when he couldn't have the drink in the park but would still hold his arm and hand in the position as if he still had the drink. 




 [You look so good to me](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/IKiAFepJNi4/maxresdefault.jpg) 




 I'm saying everyone has the right to post what they want on this sub given it is within the rules of it.  And the last time I looked fantasy booking was not prohibited on here.  And once again let me say that you chose to read this post even though you knew going in you were going to be negative about it.  And you offered no criticism other than saying you hate how people make these posts.  Instead you could have just kept your mouth shut and commented on other posts that are on the sub that "fit the mold" of what you think should be posted here. 




 You are a miserable one aren't you?  Who gives a shit if someone wants to fantasy book a match?  It has no bearing on you or your life.  You can easily tell by the title of the post that it is someone's fantasy booking and yet you still read it and why?  To just be an asshole to someone else?  I really wish this subreddit had a "no being an asshole to people who make a fantasy booking match" rule. 




 Oh yeah, they were brother and sister and the plan was for them to have this incestuous relationship.  But it never came to fruition 




 Bailey could put me in a bear hug any day 




 The Katie Lee and Paul Burchill incest storyline 




 Reminds me of [Hellraiser](http://www.joblo.com/images_arrownews/tumblr_ljiui6wBUO1qzcgluo1_500.jpg)  warning NSFW 




 True. .. too many land on their upper back/neck area and it looks so bad 




 German suplexes? 




 Denial is a hell of a thing.  I feel so sorry for you. 




 It's ok for you to be wrong 




 yes you have 




 Again, you have failed in saying something funny.  Hate to burst your bubble 




 God this is hands-down the worst joke on this sub.  I cringe every time someone says it.  Makes me want to punch a kitten. 




 Cena v Rusev could have done without the russian chain match 




 ECW, Straight Edge, Cult Leader, Tough Guy, Best in the World, Paul Heyman, Title reign, Whiny, Quitter...  




 And you believe that liar? 




 You are an angry one aren't you? 




 The Mega Powers/Two Man Power Trip 




 For me it was between that and the "Let's talk about the match" sign 




 You need proper time to actually build towards it.  Not hey Sunday here's a bunch of teams in a match. 




 So how would you have changed it up while still building towards the ~~PPV~~ Network Special and building up the feuds? 




 Wyatt: Hey brother... want to team up?

Bo: OK 




 Who let Steiner post in this sub? 




 I do like how they have had guys that take the US challenge kick out of it the first time, because it adds to how important that match for that title is. 




 True, but even when he wasn't just in big matches, it wasn't a move that would be kicked out of regularly.  But yeah I get what you're saying 




 And a downvote for you because you just had to say something lol 




 He got too drunk off of Steiner Screwdrivers and forgot his password 




 Tombstone... rarely kicked out of unless it is a big time match. 




 Ryder and Henry would be better... That's What I Woo Woo Woo! 




 He could always answer the open challenge.  A feud between him and Cena would be a breath of fresh air. 




 I know Gail Kim does it all the time in TNA and I believe she used it when she was in WWE both times but I could be mistaken 




 Reminds me of the movie [Daylight](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daylight_%28film%29) 




 Rated straight 




 Here we see Andy Levine, bagging groceries at a supermarket.   




 Apart from the Show thing he has been in title contention and in the main events and main even feuds.  I think the big thing is that he is coming into his gimmick more naturally now than when it was him doing vince promos every week. 




 Reddit does not ever stay on something for long without flip flopping.  Remember how much hatred there was for Reigns on here before Mania?  It was to the point where people wanted him fired and legitimately injured.  Now the hatred is so much less. 




 **Glass Shatters** 




 HE does matter... or else he wouldn't be getting promo and match time.  He wouldn't be getting feuds, he wouldn't fight Taker at Mania. 




 Sabin, Shelley 




 Uhaa, BReeze, Joe, Becky, Bailey, Enzo/Cass, Dubstep Cowboys 




 Joemoa Sam 




 Technically there was a point in TNA when Rhyno's character changed to this drunk alcoholic.  But that isn't really too much of a gimmick change 




 People worrying about his name being Owens now and I'm just sitting here wondering why Armbar is just armbar and not steen-alized? 




 But what about DX's tanks? 




 Hardy may not have gotten injured... he just had his other issues 




 It is really funny how absolutely true this is. 




 I have a theory on this... every time someone asks where he is, he is kept off TV a month longer.  That is why he will never be back on TV. 




 True... it was just Nash booking himself to do it that was the big issue 




 But they are already an established tag team that has beaten many teams.  Would you say the same thing if the Dudley's reunited at the same time, or if ShowMiz did, or Rybaxel? 




 And PTP do?  They have had a bunch of vignettes and that's it apart from the run in last Monday 




 Everything has come to life! 




 Nash ending Goldberg's winning streak 




 No I get it... I can't stand either because they both look so horrid to me.  But I guess if I had a choice it would be Spam lol 




 Wait, you'll eat Vienna Sausages but not Spam?!?! 




 Kevin Dunn and Vince Russo are now running NXT 




 Me no likey Cena.  Me never happy with anything.  Wah for you.  I and many others are not stupid and actually realize that things are changing.  You just need a reason to hate on Cena because you think it is the cool thing to do. 




 Vader... yes he works stiff but he is big, bad ass, intimidating, and surprisingly agile for a man his size (i.e. [Vadersault](http://i.minus.com/imzGizT5nqOJL.gif)) 




 Download the app and watch the network on that.  Enter your internet provider info 




 May 19th is Kane Day.  There was a storyline years ago about how something horrible happened to him on May 19th and there was this presence that kept reminding him of it.  An imposter Kane showed up mask and all and the whole thing culminated in Kane throwing the imposter out of the building and taking the mask.  Then nothing happened with it.  Decent build but horrible outcome.  

P.S. The imposter Kane was played by Festus/Luke Gallows/Doc 




 What Stephanie was really doing during her absence from TV 









 The closest thing I can think of is not so much doing it before hand but having to do it because they were locked in it and couldn't get out.  This was Bobby Lashley in the Extreme Elimination Chamber at December to Dismember 




 The first one, only because it was so innovative and it saw the Return of Shawn Michaels.  Also I have to give the runner up to the Extreme Elimination Chamber at December to Dismember because it was the first time with the whole weapons in the chamber pods thing. 




 January 23 - XPac 




 HEY! WHAT'S ZACKIE E DOING IN THE IMPACT ZONE!?!? 




 Santino... I mean he beat Umaga for the Intercontinental Championship 




  Literally no one today on the main roster uses the powerbomb in any variation.

not sure where in here you said the word "finishers"? 




 Rollins does the turnbuckle powerbomb in almost every match he is in! 




 Harper does a sit down powerbomb, Rollins does the turnbuckle powerbomb... 




 Woods is a tag champ right now, so no go on him.  Neville is feuding with Bo Dallas, Stardust is seemingly on his way to going back to Cody, Harper is back to teaming with Rowan so they will probably find a way to be in the chamber. 




 Filming another movie 




 Cancer kids hate Cena - Cena




 




