 There is two levels of scam artists. The first kind scams idiots. The second kind scams orphans, veterans, firefighters, cops, etc etc. There are several circles in hell, but the second kinds is going in the lowest level. Right next to Satan. Better bring a warm coat Buddy, because when you pass over from old age they have a seat available for you. 




 Blood money. I get it. 




 Takes one to know one. 




 There are people suing for less crazy things. Plenty of lawyers willing to take a case for a percentage of the cut. 

Also I'm sure her hubby can embezzle more pension funds to pay for a lawyer. 




 No no. She is ordered to pay the lawyers of her employer. She lost the case and is liable for their fees. 




 SHe doesn't even have the money to pay back her former employer's legal expenses (according to her defense). I doubt she has any substantial liquid or illiquid means. 




 Getting fired. Sue. Get money. Bail out criminal husband.

I doubt she has much money into reddit anyway.

 




 One cannot exist without the other. Money needs to flow. 




 Pretty sure only Pao is actively trying to destroy reddit to further her own agenda.

 




 Microsoft is getting a ton of hate from things in the past. Their current products are incredibly good and innovative. It's a bit cyclical it seems. Happens to Apple too. From good to bad to good, wash,rinse, repeat. 




 Getting reddit gold is like catching herpes these days. It's a badge of shame. Not of pride as it used to be. 




 I just went to Ublock and believe me, a lot of ads, correction, all add, on reddit disappeared. Even the "self adds".

You better believe it's whitelisting.

Proof:

ABP whitelist

https://easylist-downloads.adblockplus.org/exceptionrules.txt

CTRL+F Reddit.

QED. 




 I agree. THe whole thing as it currently plays out is extremely selfish on Daya/Mom part.

Hopeless background, grandmother and mother in jail. Next on OITNB season 18: Three generations in one jail? What a twist!

Pornstache's mom could have given this poor child a future. 




 You sure believe everything you read huh mate. 




 Ye I got that Origins one. Had more downloads and reviews. I usually take that as a good sign. 




 Have you been living under a rock these past days? 




 I'm not advocating anything. I am just noting a service like that exists. I'd rather donate to Voat than send shit to Reddit. I'd suggest others do the same. 




 Wait. AdblockPlus autowhitelisted Reddit? I feel scammed. Ublock it is! 




 Hey hey hey. That's unfair to Germany.. 




 I didn't know that. Thanks for the info. 




 Deb's Tit? Sign me up. 




 Anything from the shoulder and neck. Slow cooking is amazing.

Also buy whole chickens instead of just lean breasts. 




 Don't forget a PR person of Victoria's experience and standing does NOT come cheap. Especially with an office/living in a place like NYC. You need decently deep pockets to afford this. 




 My personal experience in Europe is that it is safe. In Germany we have raw pork sold as a type of meat (like pork tartare). It's called Mett and I eat it often.

I wouldn't personally be fuzzed about it. Then again I also eat raw eggs.

If you're in a 3rd world hellhole, crisp the everliving s- out of pork. 




 I am a proud jar of Hellman's Mayonnaise.  




 Yes. 




 Not Pao I'd think. After all one cannot eat a being more evil than itself. 




 After firing /u/kickme444 I don't think this is something I'd want to be a part of anymore. 




 But that would be gender discrimination, and then she can be a professional victim again and sue reddit for money to bail her criminal husband. 




 A man can dream can't he? 




 Like any good dictator would do. Kill the dissidents. 

I remember sitting in front of the TV watching THe United States of Freedom bulldozer through Iraq in the second Gulf War and this Iraqi bloke was saying on TV:

    THERE ARE NO TANKS IN BAGDAD

I see the reddit admins saying here

    THERE ARE NO SUBREDDITS CLOSED

Despicable. 









 I don't think they sell shit flavoured popcorn. 

Then again they do sell shit flavoured and popcorn flavoured Jelly Beans. Maybe combine those?

Also instead of a postcard why not http://www.shitsenders.com/ ? 




 1. Bring back Victoria with a huge raise and the freedom to coordinate AMA as she pleases. She did an amazing job and more creative freedom will only be for the better.
2. Fire Pao.
3. Hire a competent tech savvy CEO.
4. Formally apologize to the community for this fuck up and for ever hiring Pao to start with.
5. Subreddits go back online. 




  Ph'nglui Mglw'nafh Pao San Fransisco wgah'nagl fhtagn.

ftfy
 




 Sir. I kindly ask you NOT to compare Pao to the Great Dreamer Cthulhu. It is an insult to the High Priest of the Great Old Ones. 




 Then the term " Ask Me Anything"  has two false statements.

"Me" and "Anything".

I'm pretty sure he never even saw the AMA. Just 1 minute in between whatever important business he had a PR person pushed a sign in his hand and said "Smile". 




 You mean like the Obama AMA? 




 Those are the San Francisco offices where Glorious Leader resides. 




 It would probably be cheaper for reddit to pay her blood money instead of going to trial. 




 Firing her would result in her likely seeing reddit for a ton of money to bail out her criminal husband. Ever hiring the Chairwoman was a lose/lose situation for reddit.  




 I find Chairwoman Pao's reaction priceless. Her masterplan is coming to the end game. Within a few months they'll sack her. She'll sue and try to bail her criminal husband out again. #truelove  




 Yes.  




 When this guy goes in normal sentence case you know shit is ON. It's like shouting to this man.  




 A lot of critical posts are been deleted. The admin team is in full cover up mode. 




 German. I live close to the border and have lived in Germany for a couple of years. I'm pretty much fluent in spoken and written German. There are not many people that know. In my current job I have to audit regularly and most of the time this is in Germany. It helps to understand what they try to discuss behind your back.  




 Is measuring a head racist? No. Once again it's the person that makes it racist. Not the actual technology. 




