 Um I guess that depends. I think there are some RDAs that have a kind of tank attachment but a true RDA is a "deck" you build your coils on. Instead of a glass tank you wick them with cotton and put your ejuice on the cotton, so when the coil(s) heat up it/they burn the juice off the cotton, giving you vapor. 




 A vape store owner I know runs .02 on a mephisto with an el diabolo 26650 mod. I've seen the build but am way too nervous to be around when he uses it. 




 What size wire and how many wraps? 




 No worries. Its rebuildable dripping atomizer. Look into them, you'll need one of them to get awesome clouds. The only tank I've ever seen that would give you a decent cloud is the arctic with the .2 coil, but that still could never compare to an RDA lol. 




 My two favorite mods are my el diabolo 26650 and my hammer of god that takes 4 18650s. I feel like a mod is only going to get you so far though, the RDA is (in my opinion) much more important. The best I've used were the Buddha zephyr, the 26650 mephisto, and the mutation. What RDA are you using now? 




 That's awesome! I've just heard stories about it melting so I've not really been interested lol 




 I've not used nickel yet, but with kanthal that would take a year to heat up! Lol 




 Came here to say this lol 




 Wake up sheeple jet fuel isn't even flammable!! 




 for those who are interested: https://www.etsy.com/listing/175112598/cat-battle-armor 




 isn't this the stock photo from etsy? 




 Illuminati! 




 AND MY HAMMER 




 10/10 would eat TV dinner on.

I your hardware though! Have you been at it long? 




 I also come from the wonderful world of hookahs. A few burn holes in my carpet/couch/deck/everything motivated me to switch. Hope you enjoy it as much as we do! 




 Yeah me too. I've drawn up a lot of plans for a box similar to this, I'm a machinist so I could really go crazy with it. I'm a bit nervous though so I'm reading up a lot on the wiring and stuff. 4 batteries that close to my face, really wouldn't want to do that wrong! 




 I feel like not many people know about this guy (at least not many people around me), so I thought I'd share:

http://vaperzcloud.com/products/hammer-of-god-box

It was my first mod and it's still my favorite. 10/10 woud buy again. 




 I'm assuming its a compressed air cannon, which could toss somebody. I'd be more worried about his ears than anything. Saw this a year or so ago on YouTube and I feel like he got up afterwards.

Edit: here's a link

scientist air cannon prank: https://youtu.be/Bo8Q88bAXyQ 




 Sup dog, heard you like vehicles. 




 :| 




 "This isn't very awes..... OK" 




 Better than any sweater I own. 




 This pic is from r/psbattles 




 11 months in:

"This park is really clean and tidy" 




 Everyone's finding a way to make this work out still... The fish speak English. All the fish speak English. This is verified by "kiss the girl" and when Sebastian tells Eric her name is Ariel. Why the fuck didn't Sebastian just tell him? 




 I'm no expert, but isn't it leucistic as opposed to albino?  




 omelette du fromage 




