 One can show that every developed country was aware of the risk of harm from continued emissions, as early as 1992 and in a number of cases even earlier. And therefore have a moral obligation to help those who have least contributed to the problem, and are most vulnerable to the risks, to adapt to climate change.

Not like the brazen giant of Greek fame,
With conquering limbs astride from land to land;
Here at our sea-washed, sunset gates shall stand
A mighty woman with a torch, whose flame
Is the imprisoned lightning, and her name
Mother of Exiles. From her beacon-hand
Glows world-wide welcome; her mild eyes command
The air-bridged harbor that twin cities frame.

"Keep, ancient lands, your storied pomp!" cries she
With silent lips. "Give me your tired, your poor,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.
Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me,
I lift my lamp beside the golden door!"

What I'm saying is that we are all going to need help. /r/postnationalist Were in this together. 




 Looks like it  




 /r/postnationalist supports muslim rights 




 /r/modelusgov , welcome all participants 




 and since i got banned for mentioning postnationalism in a private blog post, i can see just how well this is gonna work.. 




 But the government isn't at fault here~~ 




 If EnglNd would even let assange leave heh  




 Once Again /r/politics Peddles "DERE TAKING OUR JOBS" http://www.reddit.com/r/postnationalist/comments/3b6h55/once_again_rpolitics_peddles_dere_taking_our_jobs/ 




 White Americans are the biggest terror threat in the United States, according to a study by the New America Foundation. The Washington-based research organization did a review of terror attacks on US soil since Sept. 11, 2001 and found that most of them were carried out by radical anti-government groups or white supremacists.
Almost twice as many people have died in attacks by right-wing groups in America than have died in attacks by Muslim extremists. Of the 26 attacks since 9/11 that the group defined as terror, 19 were carried out by non-Muslims. Yet there are no white Americans languishing inside the prison camp at Guantanamo Bay. And there are no drones dropping bombs on gatherings of military-age males in the country's lawless border regions.
Attacks by right-wing groups get comparatively little coverage in the news media. Most people will struggle to remember the shooting at a Sikh temple in Wisconsin that killed six people in 2012. A man who associated with neo-Nazi groups carried out that shooting. There was also the married couple in Las Vegas who walked into a pizza shop and murdered two police officers. They left a swastika on one of the bodies before killing a third person in a Wal-Mart parking lot. Such attacks are not limited to one part of the country. In 2011, two white supremacists went on a shooting spree in the Pacific Northwest, killing four people. 




 /r/postnationalist 




 finally some good news 




 its too far to walk but only 1 subway stop away though, right? wont i be kicking myself doing a 1 subway stop transfer every morning?
 




 Rather corporate control than government.. 




 The TPP brings together 12 strong westernized countries! 




 Big  corps already dominate our political system.. 




 oh pls u just dont like my message 




 cmon , spending limits are just limits on free speech 




 is it? 




 CANADIAN IP LAW IS ALREADY SUPER STRICT 




 im banned from /r/history too.. they really dont like questioning the narrative
 




 yea reddit loves killing isis members, bans? 




 the 12 countries involved in the TPP are all rich and our friends. why the fearmongering? 




 because its a trade agreement.. and voters ruin trade 




 how can u argue its a secret and a train wreck at the same time 




  the American worker is deluded. 




 yea.. so what area do u recommend looking.. walkup is no way.. mm.. beijing is fucking pricy! 




 Australia already has brutal copyright laws... 




 They're right  




 Wow.. Ya just for housing  




 I want a 2bdr  




 Lol no  




 Fuck you  




 Why are people here so concerned with government power now? Let it go l.. 




 Let it pass.. The biggest complaints don't even apply to Americans.. 




 Appeal to authority fallacy  




 Anyone talking about "jobs" is just arguing for national socialism  




 Why do Canadians oppose a trade treaty that includes so many of our good friends and allies? 




 Looking at this list of countries why does reddit oppose the TPP so bad.. It's all allies  




 Typical TPP scaremongering  




 Well I support the TPP bug hate politics mods haha  




 /r/postnationalist ~
 




 /r/postnationalist 




 Wait a minute.. This  isn't /r/conspiracy  




 In China everyone cheats  




 Who said /r/china likes Muslims? Pathetic  




 Him debating Hitler is funny as shit 




 /r/shitpost 




 Him debating Hitler is funny as shit  




 /r/im14andthisisdeep 




 funnier look at our serious topic 




 /r/postnationalist  




 i mean, thats pretty much 100% divorce there (NOT SARCASM) 




 Continue the fight at /r/postnationalist  




 /r/postnationalist  




 Also private prisons and regular prisons are the same shit. The problem is our love of punishment. 




 nationalism = the state 




 are the states and the corporations not already married? TPP just makes the state an even weaker partner 




 Does corporate America have bad days lol 




 how can u prove that is for the TPP.. 




 heh well the picture IS all white people~ 




 Good!! 




 People never say why they are opposed  




 Maybe if they had a big population.. 




 Cmon Iceland has a good 200 citizens..  




 Democracy exists now? I love how /r/conspiracy pretends the government is working just to attack a trade deal that brings people together  




 And that's different from American culture how?? 

A United globe is the future. /r/postnationalist  




 Because America is too stupid to vote for it  




 How is the TPP fascism? 




 The real conspiracy is how many anti-Tpp articles this sub gets without a single pro TPP article  




 It'd simultaneously a secret but being attacked on specifics? 




 Trade leads to peace.. Nationalist protectionism leads to war  




 Why does removing government power make something fascism? 




 Ya it's like people think the corporations don't run it already.. At least the TPP will be good for trade  




 why is /r/conspiracy so distrusting of governments except when it comes to the TPP removing their sovereignty.. 




 AnythingGoes 




 thats because your chinese accents are so bad.. 




 westerners always deny refugees because it costs too much money.. 




 whats the greens stance? 




 And very CLASSist  




 Didn't the Constitution specifically forbid military deployment in the USA?  




 Because people who dislike the TPP never mention specifics  




 @freemigration 




 /r/postnationalist 




 yea thats the other side of the equation 




 Oops ;( 




 /r/postnationalist supports refugees

why are we paying to turn them away when we could throw them in the mines ~ (not 100% serious but) 




 come recruit in /r/postnationalist  




 bit different than usual posts but hope u guys like it 




 Given the kind of low bandwidth conversation we often have about immigrants ('assimilation' vs. 'multiculturalism'); the title could be a touch misleading to today's audience. The author is arguing that there is not an indigenous American culture (Indians aside) and that immigrant cultures have helped to create a fertile, pioneering spirit that is the genius of the US. What is believed to be indigenous is a shallow Anglophilia and a coarse transient popular culture. Forcing immigrants to adopt these "rudimentary" characteristics would lead to stagnation in the US.
"It is not the Jew who sticks proudly to the faith of his fathers and boasts of that venerable culture of his who is dangerous to America, but the Jew who has lost the Jewish fire and become a mere elementary, grasping animal. It is not the Bohemian who supports the Bohemian schools in Chicago whose influence is sinister, but the Bohemian who has made money and has got into ward politics. Just so surely as we tend to disintegrate these nuclei of nationalistic culture do we tend to create hordes of men and women without a spiritual country, cultural outlaws, without taste, without standards but those of the mob." 




 They are in there, often unnoticed. The words that have become part of everyday English. Loot, nirvana, pyjamas, shampoo and shawl; bungalow, jungle, pundit and thug.

What are the roots, and routes, of these Indian words? How and when did they travel and what do their journeys into British vernacular  and then the Oxford English Dictionary  tell us about the relationship between Britain and India?

Long before the British Raj  before the East India Company acquired its first territory in the Indian subcontinent in 1615  South Asian words from languages such as Hindi, Urdu, Malayalam and Tamil had crept onto foreign tongues. One landmark book records the etymology of colloquial Anglo-Indian words and phrases. Compiled by two India enthusiasts, Henry Yule and Arthur C Burnell, Hobson-Jobson: The Definitive Glossary of British India was published in 1886. The poet Daljit Nagra described it as not so much an orderly dictionary as a passionate memoir of colonial India. Rather like an eccentric Englishman in glossary form. 




 do you have any sources/figures on this effect? im interested in it

id say foreign investment is a good thing overall but i can see this creating resentment surely 




 actually this type does have some mounted sub-types, I recommend OP mount at least one for testing purposes 




 if fighting games had a business model more like League, they would keep on top of patches and updates etc .. would be great 




 I responded to you before!  




 Good  




 Actually it's not that rare in Asia  




 No worries  




 Schools can't stop kids evading the firewall imagine governments lol  




 Finally Catholicism wakes up with the best Pope in centuries  




 Biggest market.. 




 Pass the TPP 

End American nationalism  




 i think we can rule out flat earth theory~ 




 One participant commented that he was not even aware that he had reduced his smoking so much while going about his daily activities.

The researchers also conducted brain scans of participants before and after the training regiments, finding that at resting state, participants in the meditation group had increased activity in the anterior cingulate and prefrontal cortex brain areas. These regions are part of the brain network related to self-control capacity. 




 One participant commented that he was not even aware that he had reduced his smoking so much while going about his daily activities.

The researchers also conducted brain scans of participants before and after the training regiments, finding that at resting state, participants in the meditation group had increased activity in the anterior cingulate and prefrontal cortex brain areas. These regions are part of the brain network related to self-control capacity. 




 its not only the cheating part, just read it !! its free online 




 mixing meditation in with modern life is the best way 




 Tor is safer  




 /r/governmentoppression /r/australianpolitics  




 This is good for starcraft  




 Whoever made EKKO.. Fuck that guy  




 Cast 100 more and get back to us  




 Right so coming near the Chinese coast will open them up to submarines  




 Heh the less power American government has the better.. 




 Didn't they release any names of victims? 




 Why does China care about this petition?  




 You know I always thought McKinney and right wing militia types were lunatics but I'm coming around to some of their ideas heh  




 If you have any good examples please post to /r/postnationalist  




 Railways tend to have environmental costs..  




 Or look at the global average temperature charts  




 To be fair many conspiracy theories end up being true..  




 Hah didn't expect that from you  




 Read "women's infidelity" by Michelle Langley for a glimpse into your wife's mind  




 Not even accurate racism.. 




 I agree with myself quite regularly! 




 




But the other half or the comparison: imperial Britain and imperial America, is spot on 
 




 yea rconspiracy is all about the shill accusations 




 im sorry you got downvoted for purely factual information 




 u srsly believe 80% 0f 1,000,000,000 muslims are evil? 

wtf.. well.. at least we both oppose censorship 0_o 




 Aether voat  




 Heh eventually it's just gonna be 2 people left pointing fingers at each other  




 My highlight racism against Asians sub is called yellowperil and people constantly use the name to ignore the topic  




 When women play hardball they get punished. Lot of studies on it..  




 Or all the deleted reddit posts?  




 You accused me of socialism 3 times in an hour but /r/socialism banned me and kept accusing me of nor being a socialist. It's funny how top minds everywhere try to label you as some kind of ideological enemy without addressing anything you actually say.  




 What's the meaning of reactionary?  




 Imo There's 2 types of Navy ships: submarines and floating ducks 

China has spent 30 years worried about those carriers etc and planning for them 

Anyway wrong thread  




 The dead bedroom is a symptom  




 That's definitely what the corporate media would accuse me of 24/7  




 IS sprang up as a revolt in Iraq against the American backed government.. 

Admit my comparison is going a bit far but.. 




 Instead he merely kept slaves for his entire adult life. 




 I did end up posting it in /r/navy actually but they are a bit biased towards the Navy imo  




 /r/conspiracy also did this with that day care..  




 JUST LIKE CANADA  




 The Canadian Senate should certainly be abolished  




 She's just being honest  




 Everyone in this sub has bigger issues than a DB  




 She already broke up with him by moving out  




 Also divorce would get you some pride back as well  




 /r/postnationalist supports you  




 Works for me  




 Dude if u don't get laid today... Don't settle for teasing  




 What do you mean "attachment theory"?  




 Ya my German friends got super pissed at me for downloading a few torrents because big brother  




 Get her something to do besides bother you  




 You're gonna ditch a model for that? You must be super hot... 




 I have this problem too.. It's hard to accept fault for our mistakes  




 Perhaps To ISIS that is part of society.. "just how things are" 

And rape is a part of all war  




 America occupied Iraq which revolted..  




 Heck were basically continuing imperial Britain's policy in the middle east..  




 But the other half or the comparison: imperial Britain and imperial America, is spot on  




 Started as a shower thought maybe flesh it out tomorrow  




 Breaking up families is the real result of deportation. 




 We are basically running the checkpoints in Mexico and deserve no thanks  




 /r/hailcorporate  




 Name recognition  




 He was a slave owner though..  




 TIL I'm going to hell  




 Good for them  




 Why the GW hate haha haven't heard that before  




 It was pure desperation and would never have worked again..  




 So how many died? Because there were 3 million in Poland.. 

Anyway I admit the number has been exaggerated.. I did learn something from you guys!  




 Does comparing ISIS to other rebellious movements make me a terrorist? Because that's providing some form of Aid, however minor..  




 Dude probably watched me banging My gf.mp4 for 15 minutes, had a wank and a  cig then came back  




 YA bit of a stretch but some similarities too imo  




 F  




 Why can't the holocaust deniers tell me where the Jews went?  




 And now we use the Muslim groups that resulted from the conflict as an excuse for more.. And even some in /r/conspiracy eats up the ISIS excuse  




 Reddit is plunging into authoritarianism  




 Why is it radical to shoot back at American drones? 




 Ya it's called "plunder"  




 Duh!  




 The unions could have United with Mexican labor but they are too shortsighted  




 Killing million of Muslim civilians-- not terrorism  




 Everything is propaganda  




 Meanwhile Germany arrests you for torrents.. 




 It's all a false flag to distract from issue I care about most  




 Or I should goto bed;) 




 I'm just saying.. In retrospect it's quite invasive 




 No freedom of association? 




 The Canadian government forced me to give over my password just to enter..  




 Good Idea anyway they prosecute torrents hard  




 Wtf that movie was rated r? So dry.. 




 100% 




 Calm down  




 /r/meditation  




 Wasn't America founded on genocide? 




 Click submit it again  




 Ramadan Moubarak  




