







































 I think there will certainly be a market for this (assuming it was possible - presumably these meats would be much harder to develop), but I expect it will always be a fraction of the main market - novelty and speciality food that people have at dinner parties or in hipster noodle bars, but not the sort of thing you'd eat at home during the day. 

But who knows, maybe there will be a food craze for synthetic dodo meat? It's a fascinating prospect.  
























 Mmm grain-fed skeletal muscle meat, my favourite. 














 Yeah I think familiarity is going to be pretty important if people are going to take to this as an acceptable solution. Just look at all the "ew I am never eating bugs" reactions each time an ento as food article gets published 




 Spot the foodie 





























 We're not talking about people not trying, we're talking about people who try and struggle anyway.  


































 I believe they will have to install new tracks for the maglev service - unless there's something someone who knows more about trains can add? 

















































 They posted an [update to their Kickstarter](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/37135808/loading-human/posts/975504) project a couple of weeks ago saying the game is due for late February and announcing the launch of their [new website](http://www.untoldgames.com/) so I wouldn't write them off just yet 







































 So what do you do when the quadcopters tranq everyone? Either they will wake up annoyed and get back to it, die from tranq-related injury or need to be detained by soldiers on the ground. It sounds incredibly impractical.

How about instead of marching in and educating these people we focus on understanding their culture, why some people feel this way and how we can help. They aren't animals that need to be herded. 

Technology - at least not the warfare kind - is not the answer.  




 The traditional perception that bonobos are all peace and love has been challenged by recent studies. It's a bit of an overplayed stereotype.

[Source](http://primatologie.revues.org/1090#tocto1n6) 




 I think that's an awesome idea! Pah squandering, they can make more for the important stuff 



















 It kind of seems like the US is going to fall behind a lot of the rest of the world with this drone stuff if they don't change their approach soon. 





































































 I mean in the sense that it's quite an impersonal choice of noun in the context 




 Female is also an acceptable, if slightly dehumanising, noun.  








































































































 [How Sephora Discovered That Lurkers Are Also Its "Superfans"](http://www.fastcolabs.com/3035236/how-sephora-discovered-that-lurkers-are-also-its-superfans) 
































































 The site also has links - they are on the right hand side  


































 Would you mind saying how old you are (assuming that is acceptable under Reddit's rules) - the impression I have is that the younger you are, the more ok you are with trading privacy for technology.

I generally agree with you - I really only worry about privacy when its on a local scale, ie people I know/live near knowing private info about me. On a goverment scale this info is used en-masse; its not about individuals, its about having data to optimise cities, maintain good healthcare and similar.  





























 This is such a classic example of considering a future technology only in today's terms - you seen remarkably certain that the technology for hardware upgrades will remain just as it is now, while everything else changes. I would suggest that such an assumption is the true hogwash here. 




 it would save on electricity if you only had to juice up your phone once a week  




 I guess if they build it on a route people actually use this time they might have a better chance of success!  




 I know! I would love them to remake all the assets into an open world game, but that's clearly never going to happen. Such a shame. 














 I found it really visually one-note - I really wish they had varied it more 




 Yup - the art director should be given a medal, but the gameplay is just awful.  




 It's sense of what is "right" is programmed in - how it interprets this in real-world scenarios is the interesting bit 









 Looks like we've found the guy OP was on a date with 




 While I agree with you, I think it does mean a lot of people read it who otherwise wouldn't have, and that has got to be a good thing. 




 Used to work in triage for an accident management company. Best one I ever heard was "I was driving down this narrow road and it kept getting narrower until the car was wedged on both sides" Why the guy didn't stop driving before that I will never know.   







































 I agree completely. I really wish those people would call themselves something else, because it completely taints feminism 




