 Do you love em, hate em. What's your opinion on this growing trend. 









 I blame peter molyneux, he just kept over-hyping his game, setting the bar too high. 




 As a fan of Final Fantasy, I don't think FF7 is a great as everyone says. Apart from graphical improvements and stuff like mini-games, it played just like the others. The magic system was creative but not that special and open world aspects had been in the other entries. The story wasn't bad, it was good, but not that special. I still think its a great game, I still play it to this day, but I don't think it's as game changing as others have called it. 









 And now I'm afraid I have somewhat of a mess on my hands. 




 Dude the people who look at you with disgust, fuck those guys. When i was 15 i used to have a small red-afro, people used to call me carrot-top. You just have to learn to ignore it, and then you don't hear it anymore. I used to be introverted too, I'm still afraid to order a pizza over the phone. You just need to realize your special, there's no one like you, and there never will be. Just knowing that will help you be more outgoing. I'm doing this, and the girls are starting to swoop in for me. 









 Buck Naked 




 Yeah make society your bitch, if you're into that sort of thing... 




 While I do think it's a shame they shutdown LucasArts, that doesn't mean the end of Star Wars games, they can still license. Some of the the best games were developed by others. Jedi Outcast, Jedi Academy, Empire at War, Battlefront, and Knights of the old Republic. 




 While you make good points, I still think it is. The license system is deep and while it matches the sphere grid I think it takes the idea to a new level. But I don't think it's perfect, example is Vaan. You could take him out of the whole game and it wouldn't change much. 




 why'd you delete FF12? 




 holy shit you're me 




 I won't lie, Bioshock is a great game, so are the sequels. But I never understood all the hype. 




 and it doesn't just to have to be movies 




 Shenmue, if you don't it you really should youtube it. Final Fantasy series, even though I don't favor the new entries I do respect how amazing the graphics are. Knights of the Old republic, one of if not the best series of Sci-fi RPG's. Heavy Rain, while I liked Indigo Prophecy I actually cared about the characters in Heavy Rain with all my heart, so much so I had trouble getting a sad/"bad" ending. 




 "you will sit here, and you will f*cking watch this!!" 




 Star Wars:Jedi Knight. the old games still have the best lightsaber action so I would love to see what they can do now. 




 Mine is about my dad. I wanna love him, but he wasn't and isn't part of my life that much, so I have trouble loving him. I think he's trying, but i'm not the first kid he wasn't always around for.

P.S. I know the title should be "What's" not "Whats" 









 [dude those it just suck being you?] (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeFuq5Q0OXo) 




 2001: A Space Odyssey. There's so many interpretations out there ranging from the minor details to the overall plot. 




 At first i was like, yeah! Then it asked for money and I was like, Sorry! 




 Topher Grace? 




 4, 5, 2, 3, 6. You don't need 1 because the elevator scene in 2 I think brings you up to speed and almost no plot is carried over. And with this you don't lose the shock value of the Darth Vader father reveal in 5. After that you can consider 2 and 3 a long flashback for how Anakin become evil. 




 What was/is your dream job? Unless you always wanted to be a security guard, I'm not saying it's a bad job. 




 relax bra, :) 




 Sequel to Office Space 




 Parenthesis, Exponents, Multiplication, Division, Addition, Subtraction. Solve in that order 




 "PC LOAD LETTER? The fuck does that mean?" 




 Queen - I Want to Break Free 









 I just wish more people would realize this. 




 Keep Shenmue 




