 Christian Rummel was absolutely awesome! I loved having him as the narrator. They let me hear one of his voice samples, reading my stuff, and I remember thinking, Holy cow. This dudes really into it. He did an absolutely phenomenal job. I didnt have a choice, but I wouldnt have chosen different.

Ah, the post-apocalyptic genre. First, Im glad that its becoming a genre all its own. I think it deserves that. And where its heading? Man, it could go anywhere, thats the beauty of it. Or terror of it, depending on how you look at it. I think people will start to move away from zombie and I also think people will start to move away from describing the period of collapse itself, because its been done on so many different permutations. However, an apocalyptic event (virus, EMP, nuclear war, you name it) that collapses current world society? Well, what grows up in that vacuum? The possibilities are almost limitless, and frankly Im pretty jazzed about it. Ive actually been doing some pretty substantial writing behind that concept. Wink-wink, nudge-nudge.

Youre absolutely right about the quantity out there in the post-apocalyptic space, and particularly with zombies. Now, Ill admit I havent read it yet, but I thought the concept behind The Return Man by VM Zito sounded pretty freakin original. Cool idea there.

Nowwhy are post-apocalyptic books so popular? Man, thats tough to answer. Some sort of global consciousness that things are going downhill fast? That were heading towards something bad? Maybe. I dont count anything out. Maybe its just a fad. On a purely practical level, I think it makes great stories. Where else can you distill people down to their nuts and bolts, than at the end of everything? People act the way they act in society because we have rules. You take away the rules, people will act different. People will be who they truly are, not the face they put on to be socially acceptable. I find that concept fascinating, and I think its fertile ground for compelling stories. 




 It is, isn't it? I use "Mane and Tail." That's the secret. 




 Ahahahahaha! Ladies and gentlemen, my former partner!

And I yell "America" any chance I get. 




