 but i already know this... it's not fast enough tho 




 my pillow is too hard, giving me a headache 




 i'm trying to lucid dream tho so i stopped 









 well done 




 home alone - human centipede - saw   




 alright thanks. looks like i need a college education. reading books that don't cost a couple hundred bucks can only get you so far 




 that's just as cool. do you have any special qualifications that gave you an advantage over other applicants for the job? 




 i have always wanted to work at a library? how did you end up there? any special training or education? 




 because then you couldnt have this circlejerk 




 that fucking asian cunt. i would fuck her up 




 thats definitely it thank you so much my brother will love this christmas gift i'm sure. although i might have waited too long 




 asian women drivers 




 sent a picture of my balls to a friend i don't like, he stopped talking to me 




 i was at a party and this cute girl openly said she only came to fuck me. i pretended not to overhear. i'm so fucking pathetic 




 your ex-wife shoots up heroin 




 you really don't care that you could have ruined someones life? 




 you're genuinely a really awful person. you show no remorse for seducing a married man and you actually seem to be bragging about it. i hope somewhere down the line you look back and realize just what a terrible person you are.  




 thank you i'll look into that 




 the doors - lsd 




 alright thanks. GTA 4 isn't as good as those? 




 san andreas it is then, thanks. is GTA 4 not good at all? 




 would vegetable oil work? 




 does the bowl need to have steep sides? what did you use? 




 i don't think i have vinegar but thanks :) 




 good point from a good movie 




 DMT 









 i'm completely new to this... what's a torrent? 









 too bad about the fake tits, she's still beautiful though 




 commenting so i can return to this later. for science 




 commenting so i can come back to this 




 commenting so i can come back to this 









 nice try, troll. or are you just dumb enough to think that shooting another human being is the only thing guns are used for? 




 solitude. those rare moments when everyone else on my timezone is asleep and i walk through the park 




 i may not be as bad as you, i like hanging out with one friend at a time. whenever someone calls me up i make sure it's only us two kicking it. i stutter and can't pronounce the letter R, i think this is why i'm so quiet around groups of people. i only have one friend now because my other good friends got addicted to shooting up heroin and are no longer the same people i became friends with, so i ignore their calls and texts. i feel awful every time they call and i ignore it. and my other not so good friends, i finally realized only called me because they needed something like for me to drive them around. i guess i needed someone to vent to, thank you stranger 




 i was thinking about buying a fleshlight (those flashlight vagina things) and told a story about how i bought mine. i was sitting in my car on the street outside my apartment building in seattle, smoking a cigarette. it was raining and a homeless woman carrying a baby walked by and i asked her if she wanted a cigarette and get warm in my car for a minute. she accepted. her face actually lit up because i treated her like a person. we get to talking and it's obvious from her face and teeth that she does a lot of hardcore drugs. i point out where i live and offer to take care of her baby for her. she gratefully but remorsefully accepts, and i give her 40 bucks so she'll get out of my car and go buy drugs before she stinks it up. she hugs and kisses her crack-dumpster baby and cries as she walks to the food shelter. i lied to her about where i live and i just got a fleshlight, but now i'm thinking about getting one that doesn't cry and need to be fed 




 the scar on my leg i got from fighting tigers as a child prince in asia 




 i said "hi." 

then she said "hey how are you?" 

then i said "good. how are you?"

then she said "good." 




 provenance, merlot, napa valley, 2005 




 i have been so closed off and reclusive for so long that it's impossible for me to change. i want to change, but everyone i know will know that this new person is not the real me. i want to be outgoing but this would require a new surrounding with people i don't know 




 how much change does two weeks worth make? that's a lot of money for me 




 thank you for all the help. i just have a couple more questions if thats ok. for the acid, do you mean squeezing a little orange juices into the bowl? how do i get the ground up seeds out of the water, or do you mean to drink this mix?  




 what's a water soak? or is it just exactly what it sounds like? 




 what should i wash them with? alcohol? would water work? 




 you will need a backpack and stuff to put in it 




 what do you mean i'm funny? you mean the way i talk? funny how?  I mean funny like I'm a clown? I amuse you? I make you laugh, I'm here to fuckin' amuse you? What do you mean funny? Funny how? How am I funny? 




 nice try troll 




 you'll have to quit drinking alcohol for a little while too 




 what seeds did you take? how many? 




 i don't think i'm going to wash them, just grind them into a pb j sandwich. i fully expect to get sick but i'm ok with that.  




 what seeds did you use? how many? 




 what seeds did you use? how many?  




 when you jack off do you only use one finger? 









 thank you for replying, i was sure it wasn't well known enough to find anyone but i just thought i'd try my luck. did you extract the LSA from the seeds or just swallow/grind them? would you do it again? any open eye visuals? 




 wow i actually didn't think i would get this lucky! did you extract the LSA from the seeds or just swallow/grind them? what seeds did you use? 









 youth - daughter

fatlip

battleme

phish

massive attack

portishead

Smoking Spore - Toad Patrol

tycho

dj shadow - midnight in a perfect world

bonobo -recurring

a perfect circle - judith

cannibal ox - pigeon

If I Had a Heart - Fever Ray (Fuck Buttons Remix)

Gonjasufi - Blaksuit

fun - all alone

kip moore

Arkasia - Pandemonium

mos def - mathematics

aesop rock

Nas -memory lane - illmatic album

CunninLynguists - a piece of strange album

Tangerine Dream - Ricochet

Jonathan Coulton - re: your brains   still alive

devin townsend

funki porcini - purrfect

Mt Eden Dubstep - Still Alive

One Day/Reckoning Song (Wankelmut Remix) - Asaf Avidan   the Mojos

9 Lazy 9

DJ Food

Cold cut

Crystal Stilts - Frost Inside The Asylums

the tallest man on earth - the dreamer

MF Doom - Vomitspit

Mos Def Talib Kweli ft. Common - Respiration

minus the bear

hopsin

woodkid - iron 




 thank balls. my day's getting better thanks to you  




 hopefully this will make sense in the morning. thanks 




 so would the lower number be cheaper or higher number be cheaper? 




 i just bought a rifle at a gun show without a background check or any waiting period 




 Mos Def Talib Kweli ft. Common - Respiration 




 MF Doom - Vomitspit 




 the tallest man on earth 




 i got cold when it was warm outside. then i realized i haven't smoked crack in awhile 




 Crystal Stilts - Frost Inside The Asylums 




 Nine Lazy Nine

DJ Food

Coldcut 




 One Day/Reckoning Song (Wankelmut Remix) - Asaf Avidan   the Mojos 




