 I hate when I have gifs saved and then they get front page, I was so close 




 Look, look with your Portal eyes! 




 Do cats normally puke the much? 




 The Portal cat 




 It's cool how the seat got more defined from you sitting on it 




 The big toe on the right foot isn't shaped right, you could try to make it look more three dimensional 




 Bad Company 2 will forever be my favorite 




 This was seriously on the front page maybe 4 days ago 




 I think I met her when I saw her naked 




 Chaos reigns  




 Fuck that shit 




 Where's Geatland? 




 That's Nathan Barnett. Once you know what he looks like you'll start seeing him as extras in a bunch of commercials. Also, his skittles commercials are fantastic, I would recommend a search. 




 cry

pick up cat

karma 




 Rango- Untangled 




 Ya heard, with Perd. I'm Perd Hapley. 




 Anyone wanna give me a link to that Patagonia coat? 




 I would love to go up to him as a Boondock Saints fan instead of the regular WD fan 




 I've never fully understood what that thing they hold and snap is. 




 He's getting used to sitting 




 One tiny blade of grass through my jailcell crack  




 Tell me why I just watched that whole video 




 Trailer louse 




 Is...is this a real person? 




 I can feel them on me!  




 Yo DJ High-Tek, where you at my niqqa 




 Deshi deshi basara basara  




 Draw JFK 




 This makes my heart hurt 




 I'm okay with this. 




 Oww ow ow ow ow owww 




 Caaaaaaaarl! that kills people! 




 You're not my fucking mother! 




 Me underwears 




 $55??? I got that poster for free for preordering it. 




 Then he ate his insides and said chaos reigns  




 I will write down your username and if she dies in the fourth season I will down vote every picture and every comment you ever make for eternity  




 Chaos.... Reigns 




 /r/glitch_in_the_matrix 




 I thought that was a polar bear exhibit or something  




 That's so long it took Goku a year to run from one side to the other  




 John lithgow is perfect for that 




 Look at those clavicles. 




 I came here to say I'm pretending this actually happened  




 Jack's building is a giant swastika ha 









 There's a version where someone recorded in a Russian accent "I am going to take some of your food now don't be scared eh eh eh eh" 




 I got that reference 




 Think about this; half of unlimited could still be seen as unlimited. The number you spend keeps going up, without end, as does the amoun for charity. No downside. 




 And it came out to an even $9.50 




 Are you a little purple dog named Courage? 




