 Maybe the McRib; I mean, just look at it:

http://grub.gunaxin.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/mcrib1.jpg

 




 Stewie Griffin from Family Guy?

After all, he was initially a matricidal-minded evil genius because he became a flaming gay drama queen. ;) 




 Because Xerkule previously used the word "men" rather than "male." 




 Either Jackass: The Movie or American Pie. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R8iqEfje7Aw
 




 It *doesn't* detract from the point. 




 Good points. :) 




 Well, come on! After all, I *must* know this information! ;) You see, I'm an NSA agent and we're compiling a database of this information, so yeah. ;) 




 Yes; correct! 




  The quick and dirty way is to see who has a bigger, newer air force. modern jet fighters are imported and expensive and thus are a good barometer of how seriously the country in question is taking its defense spending. It is far from a perfect metric, and the thai airforce is a bit longer in the tooth than I would have expected, but on the whole it's very much superior.

Thanks for this info.

why would they want to?

Because Mongolia has a lot of natural resources?

Also, what about Russia conquering the Russian-majority parts of northern Kazakhstan in the event that Kazakhstan ever tries to, say, withdraw from the Eurasian Economic Union? 




 Just curious; after all, I want to compare your size to my own. :) #notcreepy 




 *All* the stupid people? Is Donald Trump from Florida? 




 So what *is* a statically relevant number? 




 Are you sure about that, though? 




 Israel doesn't commit terrorism, though. 




 South Carolina ... figures--those rednecks! :( 




 Why exactly were you worried about Florida, though? 




  You could arguably just call it american colonialism?

Why, though?

The situation just seems so bizarre that i doubt it could or would happen anywhere else. If anything, i would expect to see the proliferation of more national movements like, flanders, catalonia, kurdistan, than wanting to join another state.

Are there any other national movements which you have in mind which could be successful in the future, though? 




 Some women *do* give birth after age 40, though. Heck, even my own mom previously did this! 




 That might be due to cis-men's lack of an extra X chromosome and/or due to cis-men's greater level of testosterone in their bodies, though. 




 Because when one commits terrorism, one is not taking anything which belongs to another country for one's own use.

(P.S.: I myself obviously and certainly *don't* support terrorism, including by Iran.) 




 So toofine is being sarcastic? OK, that makes sense. However, it is worth noting that, as far as I know, more men smoke and get heart disease than women do. 




 How exactly do you know that Thailand is better armed than Malaysia, though?

Also, what about, say, China trying to reconquer Mongolia? 




 So are they making Russian food right now? After all, Vladimir Putin appears to be making a lot of effort to portray himself as a boogeyman in Western eyes over the last 1.5 years. 




 No, it isn't. 




 Fat exchanges, anyone? ;) 




 OK; understood. 




 What are you talking about, though? After all, women can certainly smoke and get heart disease, no? 




 Yes, because legalizing gay marriage is certainly going to encourage Australian cattle to have more gay sex and thus to breed less, correct? ;) 




 Understood. Also, out of pure curiosity--what exactly is your penis length when it is flaccid? 




 Funding terrorist groups certainly isn't the same as annexing a part of another country's territory, though. 




 Out of curiosity--if the "Little Ice Age" helped result in a shorter average height for Northern European men, then could this mean that global warming will help result in a taller average height for Northern European men?

Any thoughts on this? 




 That, and maybe poorer nutrition as well. 




 What about the Malay-majority parts of southern Thailand being annexed by Malaysia, though? 




 Agreed; however, for the record, ethnic Persians in Afghanistan are Sunnis, not Shiites. In contrast, ethnic Persians in Iran are overwhelmingly Shiite. 




 There! I fixed it! Is it better now? 




  Maybe, but they already do,

This won't be the case if sanctions on Iran over its nuclear program are lifted, though. 




 Yeah, I guess. English isn't my first language, so yeah. 




  6-7.5" seems about perfect for most girls.

Is that flaccid or erect, though? Serious question, for the record. 




 Yeah, a longer penis can be advantageous for more difficult terrain. ;) 




 10.5''? Is that when his cock is flaccid or when his cock is erect? Serious question, for the record. 




 Well, at least he can try getting a penectomy. ;) 




  and he can't understand why his business never got off the ground

His business might have never got *off* the ground, but at least his penis got *onto* the ground pretty quickly. ;) After all, after a certain amount of penis growth, one's penis *literally* reaches the ground. ;) 




 Porn ads are lies? 




 Completely agreed.

Indeed, I have recently heard a Persian refer to the people in southern Iraq as being just "a bunch of Arabs." Seriously. 




 I wasn't only talking about Russia making such a move, though. After all, other countries can likewise make such a move. 




 Agreed. ;) 




 You appear to have forgotten the fact that a *much* smaller number of women currently die as a result of childbirth than was previously the case (throughout the overwhelming majority of history). 




 End the war on drugs. Period.

Enough said. 




 OK; anything else, though? 




  Iran. Sorry, forgot to put that in there. Iran is a Shiite religion and so is Southern Iraq. I think Arab implies Sunni.

And yet many Arabs themselves would disagree with you that Arab implies Sunni.

 Iran doesn't care about the International community.

It appears to care enough about the international community to engage in serious negotiations with them over its nuclear program.

If it took Southern Iraq it would take control of the Mesopotamian river delta and control the oil flowing out of Iraq.

True; however, Iran would probably have to endure *massive* sanctions as a result of this annexation as well. 




  Well, it's important to remember that Crimea isn't really the first "Crimea".

Actually, it *is* the first "Crimea" in the 21st century.

Russia pulled almost the exact same stunt with Abkhazia and South Ossetia against Georgia,

By "almost," do you mean that Russia wanted to outright annex these two territories and then changed its mind at the last minute?

If so, then I would please like a source for this.

and Transnistria against Moldova.

Russia doesn't even recognize Transnistria's independence, though.

One could also argue that this is similar to what Israel is doing to Palestine.

If one compares it to Israel's 1980 annexation of East Jerusalem, then Yes, certainly. 




 Well, you can't blame me for being lazy. ;) 




 What else would China want other than Taiwan, though? 




 Seriously? 









 Who exactly will annex southern Iraq, though? After all, I don't think that Iran wants to significantly increase the number of Arabs under its rule. Plus, Iran already got in enough trouble with its nuclear program; thus, why exactly should Iran anger the international community even more by annexing southern Iraq? 




 Incestuous marriage and polygamy, of course. ;) 









 LOL cumbox! ;) 




 Uh ... religious Muslim conservatism. :( 




 Fuck Singapore. :( 




 The two atomic bombs weren't enough revenge for us, though. ;) 




 By "future Crimeas," I mean cases where a country sends some of its troops (or some of its "volunteers") to occupy a territory, quickly hold a referendum there, and then annex this territory. In fact, this is what Russia previously did (or appears to have done) in Crimea in early 2014.

Anyway, any thoughts on this? Also, Yes, this is certainly a completely serious question. 




 Much more women also historically died during childbirth; in turn, this also made women's life expectancy lower than it would have otherwise been. 














 *Much* bigger problems, in fact. 




 That Bush Jr. overthrew Saddam Hussein at least in part as a result of daddy issues. 




 You might be able to thank the Second Intifada for that, though. 




 OK; that said, though--wouldn't it have been more productive *not* to make jockstraps assless if they were only meant to be used for this purpose? 




  My apologies. I must have blinked and missed its moment in the sunshine.

Apology accepted. :)

 Sprang from nowhere and practically vanished to the same place, am I right?

Yes, you are correct in regards to this. However, Kadima only appears to have vanished after Mofaz brought Kadima into Netanyahu's coalition in 2012 and then accomplished nothing inside of this coalition. Had Mofaz not done that, then Kadima might still exist today. 




 Kadima was actually the *largest* party in the Knesset back in 2008, though. 




 You're welcome! :) 




 I guess so. ;) 




 Apparently these are the three songs in this video:

Keep Quiet (Original Mix) by Simon Patterson Feat. Lucy Pullin, 1998 (TyDi   Dennis Sheperd Remix) by Binary Finary and Silent Tears (Orjan Nilsen Remix) by Mark Sherry Feat. Sharone. 




 Convince my parents to invest *a lot* of money on various Intrade betting options, such as betting on an Obama victory in 2008. 









 Well, now you know the importance of time. ;)

On a more compassionate note, though, I'm sorry for your loss. :( 




 If a sushi chef is offended by this, then he or she shouldn't probably be making sushi in restaurants for a living in the first place. ;) 









 2 what? 




 Yes, I think so. 




 Any thoughts on this? 




 I don't smoke weed *at all*, though. Seriously. 




 Here you go:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caitlyn_Jenner 









 It's the current mentality of many Israeli *people*, though. 




 For the record, though, I will say this--it appears that Libya was a larger threat to Israel back in 2002-2003 than Iran is today. After all, unlike Iran, Libya actually *did* want to build nuclear weapons in 2002-2003 (and earlier as well). In this regard, I am certainly extremely happy that the U.S. and U.K. got Libya to give up its WMDs and its nuclear weapons program in December 2003. In addition to making Israel more secure, it also allowed NATO to help overthrow Gaddafi eight years later (in 2011) without the fear of WMDs or nuclear weapons being used against NATO member countries. 




 Can't he try having Israel bomb Iran if he really wanted to do this, though? 




 Well, you could have researched it more. ;) 




  You keep harping about Israel being "threatened"

Actually, I am simply saying what the current Israeli mentality in regards to this is. Personally, though, I agree with you that Iranian nukes almost certainly not mean that Israel is going to be nuked.

when in fact it is Israel that is threatening everyone else with their real, actual, existing nukes,

Who exactly is Israel threatening with their nukes, though?

and furthmore the people who are actually being wiped out are the Palestinians, at the hands of the Israels.

I don't think that the Palestinians are being "wiped out," as you claim. However, I myself certainly support a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict approximately based on the 1967 lines with mutually agreed land swaps. Frankly, it might actually be a good idea for the international community (including the U.S.) to pressure Israel more in regards to this (of course, the Palestinians also have some issues of their own that they will need to deal with before Israeli-Palestinian peace can be made).

The Israeli politicians themselves admitted that the "Iranian threat" is domestically exaggerated for their own purposes.

Yes, and this certainly does not surprise me.

Israel is not the victim.

Agreed, but many Israelis disagree with your view on this. 




 Yes, it did, because it shows that you didn't give enough of a damn to research how exactly her name is spelled. :( 




 Why, though? 




 Actually, the Israel-Lebanon border has been pretty quiet over the last nine years. 




  What a load of crap.

Israel prefers to be safe rather than sorry. I have to admit that it is idiotic for Iran's leadership and/or military to threaten Israel, though. After all, this only feeds the paranoia that many Israelis have in regards to this.

First of all, 40 nations can make nukes quickly right now if they wanted to, so there's nothing special about Iran joining the same club as about 1 out of 4 nations on the planet. http://old.seattletimes.com/html/nationworld/2002041473_nukes21.html
Unlike them, Iran has repeatedly offered to play additional restrictions on its nuclear program, well in excess of what it legally required of Iran but these offers were ignored by the US. IAEA Director ElBaradei noted this himself:

Yes, you are correct in regards to this. However, Iran's threats to Israel is what Israel makes especially concerned about Iran. After all, Israel appears to be cool with Muslim-majority Pakistan having nuclear weapons due to the fact that Pakistan isn't threatening Israel.

Why? Because the US was always using the "Iranian nuclear threat" as simply a pretext to topple the govt there, just like "WMDs in Iraq" had nothing to do with any actual WMDs. Again, IAEA Director ElBaradei:

Actually, I agree with you that Iran might *not* be interested in building actual nuclear weapons right now. Indeed, if our assumption here is accurate, then it would probably be *counterproductive* for Israel to bomb Iran considering that this might actually make Iran determined to build actual nuclear weapons.

Second, Iran is not out to nuke Israel, never was.

I certainly agree with you in regards to this. After all, the Iranian regime's main priority appears to be its own long-term survival. However, Israel wants to reduce this risk to exactly zero.

That was bullshit cooked up by the Israelis because a potential improvement in US-Iran ties risks leaving them out in the cold, so they've been pushing for YEARS to get the US and Iran into a war, just as they did with Iraq.

Maybe, but the statements of Iranian leaders in regards to this certainly haven't been helpful in reducing Israeli paranoia in regards to this:

https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Ali_Khamenei#2000

"Iran's stance has always been clear on this ugly phenomenon (Israel). We have repeatedly said that this cancerous tumor of a state should be removed from the region No one will allow a bunch of thugs, lechers and outcasts from London, America and Moscow to rule over the Palestinians."

In fact, Iran accepted over 100,000 casualities from chemical weapons warfare by US-backed Saddam, and refused to reply in kind on moral grounds though it could have done so legally. So when they say they oppose WMDs, they've proven it with blood. http://cns.miis.edu/archive/cns/programs/dc/briefs/030701.htm

Yes, I agree with you that the Iranian regime probably does have some moral aversion to chemical and nuclear weapons for the reason that you pointed out above. However, as far as I know, the Iranian regime *can* be flexible in regards to this; for instance, I think that then-Iranian President Rafsanjani wanted to build chemical weapons in 1989-1990 in the event that a new Iran-Iraq war would have broken out.

Meanwhile, the only country in the Mideast that actually has nukes is Israel,

Correct (if one does not consider Pakistan to be a part of the Middle East, that is)!

and the only country that is known to have tried to sell nukes to others is Israel.

Yes, Israel tried to sell nukes to the racist Apartheid regime in S Africa

Well, Israel certainly appears to have screwed up in that regard. After all, *no* nuclear weapons-state should sell or give its nuclear weapons to other countries (and Yes, this certainly includes Pakistan, especially in the event that Pakistan tries giving or selling actual nuclear weapons to Saudi Arabia).

This was back when Iran was supporting Nelson Mandela, who had been labelled a "terrorist" by the US -- Mandela later came to Iran and personally thanked them for their staunch support, and refused to join Clinton's sanctions against Iran.

First of all, please let me say that I certainly oppose the Apartheid government which existed in South Africa back then and am glad that it was eventually gotten rid of. However, wasn't Nelson Mandela actually involved in terrorism back then? 




 Bonjour to you, my good man! :) 




 He said that their names are Bruce and Kaitlyn [Caitlyn]. 




 Actually, I myself am currently childless and nevertheless still like the Teletubbies. :) 




 Dude ... that's just fucking awful! :( Please--no awful jokes like that. :( 




 Because I wasn't talking about a personality change here; rather, I was only talking about a species change here. 




 Wouldn't this allow Iran to build nuclear weapons very quickly if it decided to do this, though?

After all, I know that countries such as Japan already have a nuclear weapons capability. 




 Maybe ... maybe. 




 So two of the Teletubbies are transgender? 




 Well, Netanyahu also doesn't want a second Holocaust. After all, many Jews were unfortunately previously caught off-guard when they didn't take Adolf Hitler's 1939 prophecy that European Jewry will be annihilated in the event of another World War seriously. :( 




 So two of the Teletubbies got sex changes? 




 Any thoughts on this? 




 Aren't Po and Laa-Laa females while Dipsy and Tinky-Winky are males, though? If so, then one male and one female have a "stick" on the top of their heads while one other male and one other female have a hole on the top of their heads. 




 What exactly is that supposed to mean, though? 




 Very true. 




 Something which involves me having a vagina, I suppose.

Since I myself have no intention to get a vagina indefinitely, I will never attempt this in reality indefinitely. 




 Any thoughts on this? 




 Oh! OK; understood. 




 If Netanyahu genuinely wants to sabotage this nuclear deal, then he would probably be *much* better off by vehemently arguing in favor of this nuclear deal and frequently saying that this nuclear deal will subdue Iran and put Iran in its place.

If Netanyahu will actually do this, then it might very well make it *much* harder for Iranian "moderates" such as Rouhani and Zarif to get the necessary support for this nuclear deal back home in Iran. 









 Actually, I think that he might ironically be *helping to stabilize* U.S.-Iran relations by making it easier for Iranian "moderates" such as Rouhani and Zarif to "sell" this nuclear deal back home in Iran. After all, they can claim that this nuclear deal is great for Iran due to the fact that Netanyahu (Iran's enemy) strongly opposes it. 




 Redditors can be *extremely* insightful at certain times. This is indeed one of those times. :) 




 On the bright side, though, comments such as these might ironically make it easier for Iranian "moderates" such as Rouhani and Zarif to "sell" this nuclear deal back home in Iran. 




 Well, Yes--Netanyahu is paranoid about Iran. Thus, what exactly would you have expected? 




 Except the hawks, that is. 





























 Yep, and in this regard, legalized gay marriage is technically an expansion of rights for *everyone*.

(P.S.: I myself certainly support legalized gay marriage worldwide.) 




 Grover Cleveland is close behind FDR in regards to his total number of vetoes, though (if one combines Cleveland's first and second non-consecutive terms, that is): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_United_States_presidential_vetoes 




 Yep. :) 



















 Also, again, *any* risk of an unplanned pregnancy which is unacceptable for at least some pro-choicers in the hypothetical event of an abortion ban (even if one takes rape out of the equation, though for the record, male-bodied people *can* be victims of rape by female-bodied people) likewise isn't good enough for me either. It really is that simple (even if one ignores all of my gender identity issues). Thus, the choice for me is either castration in a safe, medical setting (after some therapy, obviously) or a "back-alley" castration, and I am pretty sure that any decent person would prefer the former over the latter if these were the only two acceptable options for someone (such as for myself).

Also, Yes, I am certainly well-aware of the difference between pregnancy and child support. However, this only strengthens my own point about risk here considering that a low enough risk should make this difference irrelevant; thus, if this difference is relevant, then the risk of an unplanned pregnancy certainly isn't low enough for me to stop worrying about it. 




  I'm not sure, is it rape if two nine year old kids have sex?
 Or what if it's two 13 year olds? Same issue.

I would say Yes to both of these questions. 




 By that rationale, though, would forcing males whose contraception failed to pay child support for 18/21 years (or possibly even longer than that if it's a severely disabled child) be a punishment for these males? 




 You *are* aware that my proposal here is similar to what Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf previously proposed, correct? 




 I think that you made a double-post here. 




 Understood; that said, though, I still felt compelled to ask this question anyway due to the fact that it is something which has strongly interested me ever since late 2008.

Also, would asking about Shimon Peres winning in 1996 be a better question (in your opinion)? 




 He appears to look *a lot* like Mulan in this self-portrait. ;) 




  Mufaz is not Bibi or Peres, so no.

What exactly makes them meaningfully different from Mofaz, though?

 The fact that you are asking there and not in r/technology for example means you think there will be a difference from their point of view.

This doesn't seem like an appropriate question for r/technology, though.

 To the point, Nobody cares about him or remembers who he is.

Maybe; of course, I still find it interesting that Mofaz almost defeated Livni for the leadership of Kadima back in 2008. 




  My life in Israel TM

OK. ;)

 Mufaz had no supporters outside some Kadima members he brought into the party.

Well, he must have brought a lot of supporters into the party considering that he almost won the 2008 Kadima leadership election.

Under his leadership in 2013 Kadima barely entered the Keneset when before it was the ruling party. That's what happens when the public votes, not just your buddies.

I think that this occurred due to the fact that Mofaz had Kadima enter Netanyahu's coalition in 2012 and then failed to accomplish anything when Kadima was in this coalition, though. If not for that mistake, then Kadima might have done *much* better in the 2013 Knesset elections. 




 I've got a question, though--would it really be in the interest of the Kashmiri Muslims to have Kashmir become a Hindu-majority, non-autonomous part of India rather than to have Kashmir remain a Muslim-majority, autonomous part of India? After all, these would probably be the only two options which I would accept if I myself was an Indian. 




 What exactly are the source and basis for your assertion here, though? 




 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shaul_Mofaz 




  I don't, it's just not important.

Are you sure about that, though? Also, by that logic, would Netanyahu's victory over Peres in 1996 likewise be unimportant?

and why are you asking the same question at r/"Palestine" (and everywhere actually)?

Because I want as many people as possible to answer this question.

what is the answer you're looking for?

I am not looking for any specific answer. Rather, I simply want to hear people's thoughts on and responses to this question, whatever these thoughts and responses might be. 




 You forgot about Israel, though. 




  Are those all equally comparable?

Yes, I would think so.

If Palestinians are more easily identifiable and able to return, but poles aren't, does that mean the Palestinians also shouldn't be?

Yes, it does, at least for the time being.

 As well, since you've essentially said it's impossible to do and not going to happen, and therefore shouldn't happen in Palestine, do you then still oppose a referendum in Kashmir? Seeing as the refugees aren't going to return, why shouldn't they just have a referendum with people who are there?

Ah ... I see where exactly you are going with this. Anyway, I will say this--your position on this is certainly not an invalid one. In fact, I am no longer going to outright argue against it. However, if I was an Indian, then I would refuse to agree to a referendum in Kashmir until all of the areas in Kashmir will become Hindu-majority (this might be accomplished by allowing Hindus from other parts of India to buy land in Kashmir, et cetera). However, in such a case, the outcome of this referendum will probably simply be a reconfirmation of the Line of Control as the border between India and Pakistan. 




  Pakistan fought 3 wars with India before they hooked onto the Kashmir issue around 1990.

Weren't two of those three wars about Kashmir, though?

So Kashmir is not the real issue but a symptom of a violent Islamic expansionism that has been going on for more than a millennium.

Actually, I think that it is a bit of both. Both the 1947 Partition itself and the forced migration which resulted from it probably strained Indo-Pakistani relations, as did India's military intervention to ensure Bangladesh's secession from Pakistan in 1971 after Pakistan committed genocide there. However, I *do* think that the Kashmir dispute is a part of the reason for India's and Pakistan's hatred of each other.

 Legally speaking, the entire Kashmir state belongs to India and if that legality is called into question then the existence of Pakistan can also be questioned since both have come into existence from the same Instrument of Accession, which is why Pakistan occupied Kashmir is not included in Pakistan's Constitution and people living in those territories are not Pakistani citizens.

Yes, this appears to be accurate. However, from that perspective, why exactly did India take the Kashmir issue to the United Nations in the first place instead of simply finishing the job militarily in 1949 and kicking Pakistan out of all of Kashmir? (Heck, I think that India even agreed to hold a plebiscite in Kashmir in the late 1940s before changing its mind on this later on).

 The only excuse that Pakistan   other Muslim countries have for Kashmir and Israel is of human rights, democracy   plebiscite etc. but then that can be easily busted by the fact that there is hardly any human rights   democracy in most Muslim majority countries.

Agreed; also, if Pakistan wanted a plebiscite in Kashmir, then it could have already held such a plebiscite on the parts of Kashmir which it already currently controls.

 Plebiscite cannot be conducted in Kashmir because Pakistan has not only changed the original demography of Pak occupied Kashmir but they have also driven out 500,000 Hindus from India's side of Kashmir using state sponsored terrorists.

Agreed.

 Which is why in November 2010, United Nations has excluded Jammu and Kashmir from its annual list of unresolved international disputes under the observation of the United Nations Security Council.

Yes, I think that I have previously heard about that. However, Kashmir is still currently de facto disputed between India and Pakistan.

 So the matter ends there as of now, with the Line of Control being the temporary solution.

Yes; also, though, it is worth noting that my own solution to the Kashmir dispute advocates eventually converting the Line of Control into the permanent international border between India and Pakistan. 




 Yes, I would ideally support a Palestinian right of return along with things such as the right of ethnic Germans and their descendants to return to areas such as Kaliningrad Oblast and the right of ethnic Poles and their descendants to return to the parts of the former Soviet Union from where they or their ancestors were previously expelled. 




  Do you recognize Palestine?

Do I think that there should be an independent Palestinian state approximately based on the 1967 lines? Yes, I do (but with some mutually agreed land swaps).

Just curious.

OK.

And the Palestinian right of return?

As of right now, No, considering that the application of this principle isn't universal. For instance, Russia certainly won't allow the ethnic Germans who were expelled from Kaliningrad or their descendants to move back to Kaliningrad right now.

However, Yes, I do *ideally* support the right of return both in Israel and everywhere else.

Hoping for some consistency.

OK.
 




 Actually, you appear to be forgetting the fact that Mofaz came within several hundred votes of defeating Livni in that 2008 election:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kadima_leadership_election,_2008

 




 What exactly would have happened afterwards? How exactly would the history of Israel over the last seven years have been different?

Any thoughts on this? 




 What exactly would have happened afterwards? How exactly would the history of Israel over the last seven years have been different?

Any thoughts on this? 




