 I just hit 200 days smoke and nicotine free.  According to my quit smoking app on android (QuitNow!) i have avoided 8003 cigarettes saved $2000.75 and added 33 days and 8 hours to my life.  I don't even miss it anymore. It was a long and struggling couple of years to get here also.  I made a new years resolution to quit on Jan 1st, 2012 which lasted 3 days, started and stopped over and over for a couple months in early 2012, abandoned the quest for a while, made a few other daring quit attempts in 2012.  In 2013 I hit a 3 month span (my longest ever at the time) where I quit but I got complacent and fidured I could have "just one".  There is no such thing, a few more small attempts then August 8th, 2013 was my last cigarette, now at 200 days smoke and nicotine free, just over 6 months,a nd I'm NEVER going back.  :)

EDIT: after my last relapse, summer 2013, I was really depressed over failing yet again, my dad told me, "The man who never gives up, never fails." which fueled me to push on in this quit and make it succeed.  I am 34  years old, and have been smoking for 17 years, and towards the end I was up to 2 packs (40 cigarettes) a day.  Freedom! 




 Praise the Sun! 




 thanks :) 




 It was tough at first, REALLY tough, and I had several false starts, but after about 30 days I stopped obsessing about it and started to feel normal again.  Now I'm 4 months and change and it's easy and trigger come once in a blue moon but they are so quiet and so quick that it is of no consequence. 




 there aren't any T-shirts on the official arch schwag site, but I've bought some lanyards and other stuff from them here:
http://schwag.archlinux.ca/

Also as mentioned by Jethro_Tell zazzle has a lot of t-shirts and other Arch merch:
http://www.zazzle.com/arch+linux+gifts   




 it has NO features other than a back and forward button, but here is a script I use (I didn't write this) for a python browser using pyqt4 and qtwebkit https://github.com/train_subject3168/Random-Scripts/blob/master/pybrowser.py save and run with python3 




 I think the average smoker starts at age 13...I would advise quitting earlier instead of thinking "I can always quit later" cause that's what most of us thought, before we knew it decades had passed. 




