 "I'm gay." 




 "Eh, I got work in the morning. Catch ya later!" 




 Huh? 




 Ron Paul suggests using DDT to stop the spread of Ebola (like malaria), and is quite wrong about that being an effective treatment. From the article:

"'As far as I can make out he's wrong about everything,' Fordham University's Dr. Alexander van Tulleken told Foreign Policy. No licensed or approved treatment for Ebola exists. Yes, the experimental ZMapp drug seems to have effectively treated two American aid workers transported from Liberia to Atlanta, and more such untested drugs are in development. But those patients have also benefited from expert care, van Tulleken notes, so the jury's still out. 'The only treatments for Ebola really are supportive care' such as ventilation to support lung failure, dialysis for kidney failure or fluid replacement via IV.

As for Paul's claims about DDT and organic phosphates, neither is an actual treatment nor control mechanism for Ebola. While some in the public health community view DDT as a legitimate solution for slowing malaria, there's no science that says it would cure or control Ebola.
'What Ron Paul has done is confuse Ebola with malaria,' van Tulleken says. **'If you hose DDT around, you get rid of the mosquitoes, and maybe get rid of malaria. But Ebola is transmitted by bodily fluid. He's really fucked it up.'** 









 /r/botsrights 





























 Isn't voting mandatory in Australia? 




 God this is gonna be a question on ELI5 in like 6 months, the way things are going. 




 [link to study](http://www.nature.com/nclimate/journal/vaop/ncurrent/full/nclimate2335.html) 



















 Yes, indubitably! 





























 He really could've just given a straightforward "I was happy to see so many great law enforcement folks there last week, whether they were on duty or not." It was a little too bullshitty of an answer. Gotta really tread that line carefully between "bullshit" and "steaming bullshit." 





















































































































































