 How would you handle laning against anyone with a strong all-in like Irelia or Riven? Karthus top feels like a vladimir with no sustain and no escape. And we all know how weak vlad is to all ins. 




 You're forgetting about the silence. If vlad walks up, he gets silenced, and drained. He will lose that trade every time, it'll just get worse the longer he stays. If he tries pushing fiddle under the tower he will be incredibly low, and with fiddles fear he'll be a sitting duck for ganks. 




 You haven't played this matchup before I assume? All fiddle has to do is let the wave push slightly, and sit in the wave. Vlad can't get near the wave to afk push it as he will
just eat a drain. He can Q the melee minions but that is about it. 




 BOTRKs % health and attack speed synergizes SO well with Vaynes silver bolts. It also gives her an earlier powerspike + easier build path then infinity edge ADC's, and well as stronger sustain making up for her weaker lane. 

Twitch likes BOTRK as it also makes up for his weaker lane like Vayne, but also works well
with his assassinations. The movement speed slow, %health, and attack speed lets him sneak up on someone, chunk them down, and expunge for the kill. If he rushed IE he wouldn't be able to stick onto them, nor would he have the attack speed to get his expunge stacks off. 




 Vladimir is incredibly weak to all-ins early game. Pretty much anyone that can jump on him and stick (Irelia, Xin are good examples) can wreck him and zone him away. He'll be forced to cs with his Q instead of poking you, and if he ever gets in range to Q you, he's convienetly in range to get jumped on and eat a full rotation. On someone like Maokai it's a lot tougher, as you don't have the early damage to really break through his sustain. I'd reccomend just using the bushes the best you can so you don't eat free poke. He's also really vulnerable to ganks, and Maokai is amazing at setting them up, so let him push up a bit and get your jungler to come.

Also, possibly one of the hardest counters in the game is picking fiddlesticks against vlad. Since your drain goes through his pool, and you outsustain him, there is literally nothing he can do. 




 I'm sure the people who play quinn top are all sociopaths. You have to be soulless to willingly put someone through that torture. 




 And a lamppost. 




 As weird as it sounds, I go AP bruiser cho'gath mid and stomp him. Just harass him with your spikes and W whenever he tries to cs. Your passive means he will never outpoke you, and if you play it correctly he should NEVER have kill potential on you. (If he ults you just Q where he will appear, silence him,  auto once or twice then ult. You can push him into his tower so he can't roam, and if he tries anyways you can follow him fairly safely, or just freely take his towers.  In teamfights you can peel him from your carriers pretty easily. 




 I wouldn't reccomend trying to level 2 cheese a rengar. If he has a ward up and sees you, he can just wait in a bush and kill you as he has one of the best level 2s of all junglers. 




 She's near impossible to keep down. You can destroy her 0-3 in lane, but she can just roam bot, get a double kill and end the game with 20 kills. She thrives on the disorganization of solo queue. 




 His Q is treated like a basic attack, so it can crit and applies on hit effects. This means that with an IE, shiv and Triforce you basically have a abilty that has a base damage of 300 + (4.5AD) + 250 (assuming you crit), on a five second cooldown. You can take 90% of a squishes health with that alone. 

Of course, there are downsides to this build. Its luck-reliant, you need to crit to do damage. You also have a 3-5 second downtime between Qs where you're basically useless. You also struggle to actually reach the backline if you build full damage, but if you build mostly tank you won't be able to one-shot anyone. 




 As someone who isn't a double lift fan at all, I hate this circlejerk about him sucking now. He's still a very good adc, just not on Sneaky/Rekkles level. 




 You can leave the CLG, but the CLG never leaves uou 




 A nerf hammer. Oh wait, Morello already gave him that. :'( 




 Wtf 3 halves? 




 If team fusion makes the LCS, he will be another person who did the same. To be fair though, it looks like he put a lot of money in to jt 




 Yes. They will just have to beat coast/F5 after that. 




 That was exactly my point. She is fairly strong early game, but from the first back (when other ADC's get their first major component) until at least two major items she is the weakest adc. Even then, she isn't really stronger then many ADC's in extended fights until around 3 items. (Due to the Q duration nerf) 




 Trist arguably has the worst mid game of all AD carries. Even when she was FOTM you would see teams building shiv first purely so she could farm her way out of her crap mid game. 




 No he won one and lost 4. Cloud 9 purposely left him up every game basically left him up every gem they played, since they were confident in countering him. And it worked 




 These videos are just to show funny, unorthodox builds. Watching Nautilus one-shot someone with their anchor is funny, watching crittlesticks melt people with his autos is funny. And so is seeing voidlings that look like dogs destroy people. It doesn't have to affect the 'viability' of the build.
 




 Well to be fair, that is a fairly accurate description of him. He is a great shotcaller, you cannot deny that. His mechanical skill and individual decision making is also lacking when compared to the top players on the world stage. While it is a bit of a circlejerk, it still rings true. 




 This was exactly my point. She is extremely safe, is a strong laner, and has good poke, but her drawback is that she has no real steroids ( besides her passive, which is strong in lane, but inconsistent late game) and badly scaling abilities (since her only real damage abilities have long cast times, plus get outdamaged late game by her autos) and are real easy to avoid. 

She is a good, safe adc, but compared to Vayne, Kog, Trist, Twitch, or even Jinx late game she just doesn't have the raw damage to be considered a hypercarry. 




 For nocturne, ghostblade is what I found works best. I usually don't have room for it though, as I go devourer into BOTRK, and by then I need to start building tanky so I don't get blown up. 




 Cait is a strong pick, but in no way a hypercarry. Basically every single adc, besides Ashe,will out DPS her past early game ( assuming equal gold, which shouldn't be the case if you play Cait correctly) 




 You don't want to be building too much flat health on soraka, as her heal does %health damage to her. 


An item that actually synergizes extremely well with her is the new banner of command. Gives her a little tankyness, some AP, health regen, and a great active ability. It guarantees your team will always have some map pressure on the map. It works well with sieges, or if your team has a splitpusher, throw it in the other lane for extra pressure. And if your team has baron buff, it's basically GG. You get a tanky cannon with high DPS, that outranges towers and is immune to magic damage, and also is getting healed by a soraka. There is 0 counterplay to that. 




 I thought low priority matchmaking just made you wait longer before you start games?  




 I've had several games of nasus mid (usually cause of trolls/lane swaps), and it's not *that* bad. Since it's a short lane, it's hard for the enemy laner to freeze it, and if you pick it into certain champions you can pretty much have a farm lane as they can't do enough damage to you. It's not optimal, but  it's not entirely terrible 




 I Play irelia into him. Play passive until level 3/4, use the bushes and try not to get poked down. then all-in him whenever possible after that. He is incredibly weak to all-ins early on, especially to people with high mobility. If he goes into range to Q you, he should be in range to eat a full rotation and then just keep autoing him until he is forced to pool away. If you reset on to a minion, you can Bladesurge back on to him after he leaves his pool if you want to go for the kill. You need to be hyperaggressive, otherwise he will just keep poking you until he can dive you and you lose the lane. 




 So basically like Anivia? 




 If he bombs you, go in on him. He has no other damage at that moment besides weak autos, so you can usually trade him back fairly well. Don't just let him poke you down for free, especially pre-6 




 A pink ward doesn't stop her from blowing up your carries and still having more health afterwards with her bullshit sustain. 




 In my opinion, JaxIrelia for the jungle at the moment. He has faster clear, better sustain (due to counterstrike), more consistent ganks, and better tankyness with his ulti, making you stronger mid-game with the lower income. In lane Irelia is the stronger pick however.  




 Well not even full damage warwick can come close to killing a late game Mundo  




 When someone is running away when you're jarvan and you nail them with the Demacian flag for the kill. 




 One game he wasn't. I believe against UOL 




 Lux is outclassed, but she's not a joke. she's not like urgot, or ashe where your team will flame you for picking them. 




 Warwick actually wasn't 100% pick or ban at IEM. Cloud nine for example purposely left him open as they had jarvan/lee just snowball the early game while warwick is farming. 




 Cherrypicking at it's finest. Technically true, but still sounds like BS without context. 




 I agree mostly with irelia, except for you can't just fight blindly in the early levels. You can E-Auto to harass during level 1, but almost any top laner with beat you if you go aggressive at level 2-3. Level 4 on you're mostly in the clear however 




 There was a game once that I was a massively fed Jax, and I tried fighting a Trundle in his own jungle. He was a full item down on me in my build, and he still completely decimated me.  




 I personally love playing Shyvana against him. You can bully him hard  for a large part of the game due to your mixed and %health damage. While you don't scale as hard as him, you still become a monster tank that has a strong teamfight, and can stop his splitpush. (You won't 1v1 him, but you can waveclear well and he can't tank a tower with you beating on him as well) 




 Soraka is in a good place right now, she saw a bunch of competitive play in the last few weeks. She absolutely destroys any assassins now as she has an AOE silence that turns into a snare. Her heal is really strong, if she didn't have a health cost it would be insanely broken. Her Q is now a skillshot, that heals her, so she can sustain back most of the health costs if she can hit it consistently 




 I have seen literally 0 flaming for UOL. It's all been positive from what I saw. 




 Implying that what sneaky and lemon have isn't love 




 Now ddosing on the other hand... 




 I wouldn't say all bruisers are useless, Irelia is the textbook definition of a bruiser, and she's a contested pick. Gnar is arguably a bruiser, and he's pick/ban right now. Pantheon is also quite strong at the moment. Xin/Wukong have also had success recently in the IEMs. And these are just the competitively viable picks. Solo queue has even more viable bruisers. 




 Ryze is also a terrible matchup for Shyvana. There's not much you can do as he scales just as hard as you. In my opinion, just don't play Shyvana right now unless you are very good with her. She got nerfed too hard, and doesn't really have many favourable matchups that are common in the meta. Plus tanks such as Maokai both outdamage, out utility, and out tank her right now. 




 I actually meant to say Trundle there instead of Tryndamere. I guess the fact that they're both splitpushers that begin with Tr messed me up haha. But yes, I agree with you on both points. Whenever I personally end up splitpushing as irelia, I find that it's fairly easy to manage your ult cooldown to both push waves and still have it for duels. Especially with the CDR from frozen heart and spirit visage. 




 If you can manage your Q and your ult cooldown correctly, irelia actually has fairly good waveclear compared to splitpushers such as Jax or Trynd. 




 Learn your matchups + powerspikes. 90% of being successful at top lane is knowing when you're strong enough to fight the enemy, and knowing when you're not.  




 I find lux to be more of a mid game champion. Her cooldowns are just too high, ratios are comparably low, and she is too reliant on having to hit every single spell to burst a champion for late game teamfights, 




 I consider OP to be a champion that lacks any meaningful weaknesses, or have their strengths vastly outweigh their weaknesses. For example, Warwick truly has no real weaknesses at the moment, while post-'rework' Lucian's insane mobility made his lack of a range not matter at all. 




 It's also great for tower diving, especially on your roams. Quite often I'll ult over tribush to get a double kill on bot, then flash back out to escape turret aggro. 




 The problem with Cho right now is that he has absolutely insane damage. He has large base damages, and stupidly high ratios. If his skills were easier to hit, you could build AP bruiser and delete squishies while chunking the rest of the enemy team, while also being tanky as hell with your feast stacks. Even right now, a fed Cho'gath is terrifying. 




 Fucking

Evil

Annoying

Rattata

Was what I always heard it was. 




 Yeah, it's cold enough outside for it. Playing hockey on an outdoor rink is like 95% of all Canadians childhood.  




 Maknoon plays a fair amount of kass top. He's also a very entertaining streamer to watch as well. 




 Kassadin is now manaless 




 He's insanely broken at the moment, sitting on over a 60% win rate last time I checked. What happened is that they remade the jungle, and it hurts like crazy now. Warwicks sustain let's him farm much faster then the other champions as he doesn't have to go back to heal. What really pushed him over the edge though was the new jungle items. There is an item that gives him around 33 true damage + 40 magic damage on hit at level 7. With his ult proccing on-hit effects he can literally 100-0 any squishies and many tanks. What's even worse is that the true damage scales with levels and the magic damage scales with kills/assists/large monster kills. So he just gets stronger as the game goes on. 




 Until he gets builds 3 items and one-shots your adc with a critplank Q 




 They're buffing him next patch. Lowering his E cooldown and increasing his ult armor + MR scaling 




 Champions that can build one or two damage items, and then go tank. They have a mix of strong damage, decent CC, and natural tankyness. Irelia/Jax are considered by most to be the epitome of what a 'bruiser' is 




 Cassiopeia. If you can't effectively use her combos you're basically
useless. Other difficult champions like Zed or Syndra might be hard to play to their full potential, but even if you can't hit a 3 shruiken ult, or stun from the fog of war, you can still usually make a decent impact on the game. 




 Nasus was worse 




 The new jungle deals tons of damage, so sustain junglers have a huge advantage. Also, a new jungle item (that you can afford by around level 6-7) gives you a large amount of true damage on hit + a feral flare like ability that starts at 40 stacks. This item literally let's warwick one-shot squishies even time his ult is up. I'm not exaggerating at all, you can walk into lane, have a full health enemy under tower, smite+ult+Q him, and walk away with a free 350 gold. You don't even need your laner to help. He's stupidly broken 




 No need to apologize. You did your best. 




 Twitch chat was absolutely hilarious this game as well.  




 Now watch final five upset their way to the LCS. 




 This just solidified it. I am 100% a fusion fan now. 




 Surprise Party fiddlesticks. 




 I'm sort of curious, what's your opinion on AP sona? (Assuming she gets a sightstone of course) The AP gives her amazing damage, plus all of her utility scales off of it. I usually hate ap nid/annie "supports", but I love a good sona. IMO she does better as that then a standard support build. 




 Most people don't have a problem with shot-calling mid laners. Look at Hai for an example. He isn't a super strong mid laner, (In comparison to the top ones) but his excellent shot calling makes him still shine 




 To be fair, a 6 item Jax shreds anything not named Nasus or Warwick. 




 And Bubba :( 




 I sincerely doubt that. On the vast majority of junglers you have to base either before or after you get the second buff. 




 It's incredibly powerful. I bought it on jungle jax, by late game I was doing 150+ magic damage on hit with it, an item that costs only 2250 gold, gives 50% attack speed, and gives you plenty of utility. 




 The main problem with Runaans as an ADC is that you should never be close enough to more then one enemy to be able to use the passive. Also, pure attack speed isn't as effective as attack speed + crit chance when it comes to DPS. It's not a terrible item, especially on ADC's such a Varus, just there are stronger options. 




 Same here in bronze. People are actually warding dragon and contesting it too! All you hear is people saying "get drag it's OP now" 




 I have played with a grand total of 1 katarina supports in all of my games of league, and she hard carried us. I have not judged strange supports since that day. 




 The new ohmwrecker is apparently a really good item for nasus to rush. It gives him tankyness, CDR (both of which are vital on him), and two amazing passives for his lane. Since he'll be sitting near tower for the most of lane, the movement speed near turrets is useful, especially to avoid dives. The turret disabling active lets him splitpush/backdoor/dive even better then he was able to before. 




 That's completely your fault for not reading the patch notes then. Even long ones like this patch can be read while you're waiting in queue/champ select. 




 It's actually crazy. He was 100% pick or ban at worlds, and a patch later during the expansion tournament he hasn't been picked once. All because of one auto attack on his W. 




 Don't get me wrong, Leona jungle is a blast to play. I was just saying that in my experience playing Leona jungle that there are better options out there. If you have had success with her, go ahead and play her. I actually enjoy seeing non-meta picks (Ive personally had success with adc ahri before. The kiting is real) 




 Nautilus just outclasses her in every way in the jungle. He has faster clears, an escape (which they'll need as they are both terrible duelists), and more sustain. Leona might have slightly better ganks, but Nautilus is still one of the best gankers in the game. You can still roam as Leona support and gank, while having a jungler that won't just have to end up conceding their entire jungle to the enemy Lee or Kha. 




 She used to have much higher base damage, and lower ratios. Riot changed them to make her more viable mid and less viable as a support. She also had a longer stun at early levels. 




 I just watched this a few weeks ago, and I found it really boring and not up to the hype. It was literally CLG sitting behind a turret for over 30 minutes while Moscow Five was like "I wonder if Anivia will wave clear this wave too?" They were 20K gold up, they could have easily dived them and came out ahead, or splitpushed. Anivia can only clear one turret at once. Instead they just played ARAM and let CLG get to six items, where gold leads don't matter.  




 That would be amazing! 




 Nah I was a top lane irelia against a darius. So while I didn't feed, I wasn't very fed due to the fact I had to lane against a darius, with me having 0 jungle pressure. 




 No. He was on my team, and had a super high amount of both kills and deaths. He would walk into a fight, delete someone, and promptly get deleted himself. I wouldn't blame him for losing the game, they had a super fed tristana which carried them. 




 I'm in bronze and I just recently played a with jungle udyr who rushed double infinity edges into a shiv. He was almost completed what I believe to be a bloodthirster before the game ended. He didn't even have a jungle item. 




 I personally prefer Teleport, as it makes tougher lanes much easier. It also gives you so much map pressure, as if they have an open inhibitor they always have to worry about the jax backdoor. Ignite does give you more kill pressure, especially at level 1/2, but I find that it's both easier and safer just to farm safely, and have a huge advantage late game with teleport. 




 You usually don't first pick him, as after all these nerfs he has a weak laning phase against many champions (like gnar). If you're comfortable on him you can still play him into everything, but your goal is just to survive lane and outscale. Jax works best now as a counter pick against champions like Fiora, Tryndamere, Irelia, that he can push around a bit in lane as well as outscale. Also a helpful tip is to go for a level 1-2 cheese. You activate counterstrike while your both in his minion wave and just start auto attacking him, you should be able to get 3-4 auto attacks in for free, plus another 100 damage from counter strike. This should put them dangerously low and let you take lane dominance from level 1.  




 I find irelia works. If he stands anywhere near a low health minion from level 4 on, you can basically blow a flash or get a kill every time. You just do too much damage for him to fight with in his squishy mini form, and if he hops away you can just Q back on to him. If you can get a kill on him, you can snowball the lane super hard against him. 




 To be fair, Irelia vs any squishy ranged top laner is a slaughter. The only exception is a good quinn. 




 Pretty much anything that isn't full AD works on cho'gath. He scales so well with basically every stat in the game. Your build seems to work, so keep with it if you're doing well. 




 Easy one of the most satisfying things to do in game is to Q an entire wave as irelia. 




 Odds are that you won't need the MR blues that much in lane. Unless your facing against a sona or karma, the majority of the poke against you will be auto attacks anyways. The extra attack speed helps you with your last hitting, gives you a very slight advantage in an all-in, and scales better into late game. 




 Apparently Warwick is god-tier right now. His sustain is so useful in the new jungle, and the new devourer enchantment (40 magic damage flare), plus the true damage on-hit smite literally let's him 100-0 champions at level 6. There's a few videos going around, and it is completely ridiculous. You just walk up to a champion, smite him, ult and collect your free 400 gold 




 Singed is her #1 counter, he's too tanky to burst and does too much damage to outduel. Jax can completely negate her ult with counterstrike, and outscales her like crazy. Kayle can bully her, kite her, ignore her ult, and outscales her too. 




 Critplank. The damage is insane. A 300+(4.5AD)+250 damage spell on a 5 second cooldown (before CDR) 




