 Are you kidding? Anyone can spend BitUSD now without an account. Very cool! 




 Breaking news! Terrorists are using U.S. dollars! Ban the Fed! 




 Thank you. This is terrific news. We have another thread on it here:

http://www.reddit.com/r/BitShares/comments/2u6j5v/bitusd_and_bitshares_bts_added_to_shapeshift_buy/
 




 Could be a possible veep for Jeb? 




 Well, you could hold it on Cryptsy for a little longer, but keeping money on exchanges is always a questionable choice. I'd recommend downloading the wallet/client. It's in development, so still a bit buggy, but I think you'll be impressed with what you can do in there.  




 Wonderful! Looking forward to this.  




 Too bad. But she shouldn't have said that unless she has evidence and is prepared to act.  




 I love the spirit of action there! We should all be doing the same.  




 Wow, that might be the best one yet.  




 There is a new website debuting soon. And we are weeks, perhaps a bit longer, from getting a stable 1.0 client. With all the stuff in the works, I think you'll be happy you got in!

Please join us at the forum and delve deeper:

https://bitsharestalk.org/index.php


 




 Probably true. One must be pretty extreme to win GOP primaries. It's also become a regional party for the most part; those NE Republicans are considered too liberal. 




 He needs Jeb, Mitt, or Christie not to run. Then another to have a misstep or somehow they cancel each other out. At that point, people would take a serious look at a Walker candidacy. Or he could be a VP. 

I wish he'd retire to Waukesha or wherever he's from.  









 When I wake up in the morning, I definitely see the world differently than Scott Walker does.  




 I said that to give him the benefit of the doubt. Some people don't like talking publicly and that's fine. As for the rest of it, he's the only one to blame for making an issue of this.  









 Truly beautiful. I love the granite boulders.  




 No kidding. I'd do the southern leg first and get that out of the way before it really starts to roast.  




 In that case, the appreciation aspect is pretty much a coin toss. I'd look for coins that have strong communities, since in the end, that's the best route to adoption.  




 You probably should look into the 2.0's then. I try not to be a BitShares shill, but if appreciation and potential are what you want, then a simple coin is nothing compared with putting businesses   banking on the blockchain. Look into NXT and Ethereum also.  




 Unfortunate. But I can't help wondering why some geniuses voluntarily remove their DNA from the human genetic pool.  




 Such a wonderful, articulate role model for our nation's youth. I understand the part about being an introvert, and he shouldn't really have to do these press conferences all the time, but...his business is entertainment and this is his brand. Rather than proving that he's an ass who cares mostly about himself, he could have used all that fine money for charity or something.  




 Most of them are money losers, but it is fun for awhile. I finally had enough of it and moved everything into one, but as long as you don't mind losing a few bucks here and there, then you might also get fortunate and ride the occasional lucky bounce.  




 You could do it for gift cards or something, but if this was for the currency in general, I don't think it would catch on. Savers are a big segment of any market and that fact provides a great deal of the currency's value.  




 Presidents often take credit for the portions of an economic cycle they bite off with their terms of office. But Obama has done many things to improve the economy; I'll grant you that. 




 Wait, I thought Republicans control the CBO now. 




 Didn't last long, did it?  




 Fine, but it's his own PR service for press releases; don't call it news. 




 "Major announcement". He's coming out?

Just kidding. 




 Naw, just a bit underwhelmed.  




 "We literally hate you".

http://www.sfgate.com/entertainment/article/Punk-band-tells-Gov-Walker-We-literally-hate-6040575.php
 




 The whole Western United States was 'fucking enormous' once also. There were an unlimited number of trees. Just like now, when we pollute the ocean, there's an unlimited amount of water to soak it all up. 

I understand where you're coming from. The Alaskan viewpoint is important. But it's a very finite ecosystem and it can be wrecked just as easily as others have been wrecked. We don't need to preserve it all, but we need to be very careful to leave as much as possible unspoiled.  




 It's a great addition, but...to the moon? On this news? I think that was oversold in the promo.  




 If hitters in the minors really spent time learning to bunt, it would change the game. Not easy with today's pitching, but also with today's pitching, an extra hit or two can have a real impact on games   batting averages. 









 Theoretically, couldn't he designate the entire thing a National Monument using his executive authority, bypassing Congress completely? Not sure, but I think that would create a stronger protection than what ANWR has now.  









 Where's Johnny Appleseed when we need him? 




 If the dude can still hit, I predict they'll mend fences in a hurry and he'll have every opportunity to crack the starting lineup. Probably a DH at this point, though.  




 He looks different. 




 Underwhelming. 




 Didn't anyone bring this up in her Senate campaign? We're stuck with her for six years. 




