




 More free time means more time with the pug and smashing demons on Diablo 




 [Google Doc Link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GfqKV1fstXCSTVlk5GwbNC4g5Zw6L64Kl2TenSWd_yY/edit?usp=sharing)  
  
Looking for a little feedback so I decided to post this in a few places.  
  
Does it sound like an interesting read? Is there a specific direction you think would be really interesting for this tidbit to go in? How is my writing?  
  
Any helpful comments are welcome! Please also comment here if you comment on the actual document so I know to go look. If there are specific websites you use to get good feedback on your writing, I would appreciate it if you dropped me a comment on that as well. Thank you  




 I rewrote some things, check it out when you get the chance if you would.  
  
I took your advice on leaving the portals visible but low profile and not having things have to will themselves through to the other side. Hopefully I did a better job of making it seem less like the humans were inferior to the visitors and more like the visitors simply acted that way.  




 Its helpful to hear others understand and have similar reactions and bad habits.  
  
What my friend came up with was a sort of system she uses to keep from being lazy. She told me if she puts off doing the dishes one day for example, she would clean the whole kitchen the next day. She thinks it might be helpful to me to turn around and do something nice for the person I snapped at or didn't listen to. It might eventually make me think before I react because I'm also sort of shy and don't like being forced to interact more than I need to with a lot of people. Its a good thought, but I'll have to see if I can stick with it. I also suffer from being slightly pessimistic so its difficult to stay hopeful, lol. 




 I seem to be so worried all the time that people are not thinking that I'm good enough for one reason or another that my reaction to any kind of criticism is to become incredibly defensive, even if people are just trying to help. I know that this is not helpful at all. I can look back on situations and see that I reacted badly and I know that staying calm would help me a great deal in future situations, but I just can't seem to manage it and that is infuriating. Especially when I'm at work where a professional attitude is a necessity. Or when a good friend is just trying to help me see how to do something a different way than what I'm used to and may not even be telling me that I'm doing anything wrong. 

I have tendencies towards obsessive behavior and I'm starting to wonder if these kinds of reactions are another form of this. A lot of times when I am stressed out, I end up in trance-like state and pick at my skin until it just looks terrible. I haven't been able to change this habit either, only lessen the amount of damage for some periods of time. It never sticks though. 

I wish I could be more calm and change these terrible habits. They have become almost daily issues that I have to deal with and it is absolutely draining.
 














 I seem to be so worried all the time that people are not thinking that I'm good enough for one reason or another that my reaction to any kind of criticism is to become incredibly defensive, even if people are just trying to help. I *know* that this is not helpful at all. I can look back on situations and see that I reacted badly and I know that staying calm would help me a great deal in future situations, but I just can't seem to manage it and that is infuriating. Especially when I'm at work where a professional attitude is a necessity. Or when a good friend is just trying to help me see how to do something a different way than what I'm used to and may not even be telling me that I'm doing anything wrong.  
  
I have tendencies towards obsessive behavior and I'm starting to wonder if these kinds of reactions are another form of this. A lot of times when I am stressed out, I end up in trance-like state and pick at my skin until it just looks terrible. I haven't been able to change this habit either, only lessen the amount of damage for some periods of time. It never sticks though.  
  
I wish I could be more calm and change these terrible habits. They have become almost daily issues that I have to deal with and it is absolutely draining. 




 I agree!! I just want to squish that cute little face!! :)   




