 I wouldn't apologize for this. 




 ditto :) 




 That's pretty shit, bro. I'm sorry you are dealing with that, I do hope you avoided the trap of debt. o.o 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cq3PpZGTGQ8 




 Lol. I feel that way... 




 Anyone know where they are hiring around here? I've been looking for a bit now and been turned down for every place I've looked. I know it shouldn't be this hard to find a job...

Any ideas or insights would be fantastic and greatly appreciated. I'm great with marketing and I know how to do receptionist/secretarial work. 




 This is one article that made me go YAY! 




 I know right, that photographer was a wimp 




 Sometimes I wish there were a hell, so the men that did this would go there. For taking the life of a child in this manner is definitely go-to-hell worthy. I guess we should just take it upon ourselves to find the perps and be on the upside of fucking the rest of their every day up. 




 In a radio interview they said they had issues with the waves for the first object while photographing it. They said that for the second object that the disturbances were much stronger. It was harder to photograph. While this doesn't mean it necessarily was magnetic interference, it was something they noted. There is a bit of discrepancy there, tho.  




 Those kids looked like any little kids. Small, fragile, innocent, full of life...and it was taken away because some old men can't talk out their problems like ADULTS. I'll never understand that. Ever. If I murdered people because I was angry, or appointed others to kill b/c I was angry, I'd be jailed. But you give me a title of "leader" or the ilk, and suddenly all this red-tape shows up and people get all scared. Grow up, assholes, they are murdering your children for fuck's sake. 




 i don't get why asking a fellow redditor that question would bother them so much, unless they were a dick. 




 I'd be highly skeptical of a meteorite, simply due to lack of evidence of any devastation that an impact of that size might bring to the surrounding land.

I fully agree there needs to be real-time video of this event, with multiple cameras on multiple live feeds. If aliens come out of there, I want to see! If it's a meteor, I want to see! If it's something man-made from Atlantis or what have you, I want to see that too! Truth is, it's not unheard of for governments to see something like this and close it off to the public due to "safety" or something. If that does happen, and there is censorship and a media-blackout occurs, pay very special attention to the terminology used, and people that live near there should be watching, too. They need to take pictures of the event, they need to ensure that the rest of the world knows what is down there. I don't think it's something we've ever seen before, but it could be an Oopart. I really feel like if that were the case, it'll be covered up, too. But if people are watching, and paying attention, then we will have info trickle out in the ways of videos, pictures, interviews, etc. 




 LoooooL 




 Not just the skeptics! There are people who are just blindly believing, they have a head nodding disease, they just agree with anything put forth on the subject. You have to approach this subject with a hefty level of skepticism. There are lots of liars out there, people that will say they had an experience just to write a book and make money off a popular topic. (This happens not just with UFO's and paranormal things, but women lie about being raped, but I digress...) If you are going to put forth an argument, have the common sense to be able to back it up, if you put forth information that you don't know is true, say you aren't sure. So many people aren't doing this on here. I find myself shaking my head at a lot of comments. It's really hard to see that. The discussions here could be epic and well thought out, but we are left with fluff and lots of lies and half-truths. :( 




 That water is very very murky. This is one thing that bothers me, if they find it, and it's not natural and either an Oopart -or- is Alien, then the probability of them actually releasing the findings are slim. I doubt it's a meteorite, simply because there would be more pieces of it, there would be evidence of an impact of water/debris on land. I doubt it's a 'lost civilization' because of the track marks, and that there are two of these. Heck, it could be some old Atlantian airship, but we won't know until they find out. 

Godspeed to tomorrow, June 1st, 2012. May they NOT raise Cthulhu. :P  




 Well, I like Toast, so we're in agreement. :) 




 Honestly, I wouldn't have said anything, but the more I am on this subreddit, the more upset I get with the spewing out of info by people who have obviously no idea what they are talking. I've studied the phenomena of UFO's (and other paranormal things), and I really hone in on the facts that can be derived. This case is so chock full of facts that it's hard to see people say "it's been debunked", or some silly uneducated, almost trollish, response. I realize being a jerk won't win friends, but there is a reason lots of people do leave this subreddit. I'd like to see it flourish, the way it truly should. I didn't mean to offend. 




 Wow. The level of ignorance in this thread hurts me. I guess I'll have to actually spell it out. There were 2 objects found at the bottom of The Baltic Sea. The first one, is the one that is usually shown in pictures. There is a second, smaller object, as well. They have long drag marks that are still at the bottom of the sea, b/c the Baltic actually is quite still and there isn't much to change damage done to the bottom, even after long long periods of time. Now, it looks like these two objects may have been together at one point, may have hit something and broke off into two trajectories. (this is conjecture, but there is some evidence to back it up). Now, the first object, while huge, to me isn't as interesting as the less-known second object. This one is interesting. When they  tried to take photographs of it, they had a difficult time due to magnetic disturbances.

Something is down there, I highly doubt it's volcanic due to this info.

For further reading: http://www.earthfiles.com/news.php?ID=1963 

:) *The More You Know!* 




 Explain the drag marks, from BOTH objects. Yes, there are two. Oh you didn't know, then sit the fuck down, child, you got some learning to do. 




 Hey! Where is the guy on Bath Salts! He needs to be represented!! 




 As an atheist, I am all for women standing up for themselves. No matter how trite the situation may be. Honestly, this woman had a right to do what she did. Fuck the religious police. They can choke on a donkey dick. 




 I was going to say the same thing. There are a lot of other benefits in the other chemicals in Marijuana. Not just soley with the THC. Also, the combination of THC with those other compounds actually have been proven to create effects than just those singular compounds isolated out. This study, while interesting, proves nothing. 




 I noticed that too. 




 This is one of those instances where the word "gore" is underrepresented. 




 ditto 




 It's just a really terrible place. 









 Good For Her.
She is a hero for her sisters. 




 I am really glad I'm not the only one that feels this way. I miss Art, but Knapp is the true successor to that seat. It's really unfortunate about Noory, he really almost seems like he dislikes his job. :( 




 not real, move along :) 




 I have enough people watching me, I'd be found out .

Having said that, I would take a piece and run. No doubt. 




 Thanks. I didn't know about the bdsm community. I subscribe to r/bdsm and r/bdsmgonewild already, but I didn't know where else to post this. I didn't know the responses to pain were that different. But then, I never really had a great partner. ^.^ I'm glad I do now tho! 




 It was definitely a new thing for me. I've been paddled before but not like that, and it was just so incredible. Hard to walk, hard to see...but incredible :)
I cannot wait to do it again!! 




 I was being paddled lol 




 This happened to me a few days ago. I'm no slouch when it comes to sex, or so I thought. The guy used a lot of foreplay and in the middle of it I had to walk a bit. I couldn't see straight, I couldn't walk, it was like I was so drunk. It was a bit strange and the guy was great, helping me walk and keeping me from falling.

Has anyone else experienced this? Is that normal?? 




 grats :) 




 Oh man. That was hard to read. . 




 Some countries are actually taking the issue of UFOs and Aliens much more seriously than the USA. Especially South American countries. Check it out 




 time to move. 




 She sounds like a bitch. I dealt with some of those at BYU myself. Stay strong!!  




 " This just seems like her and my dad's passive aggressive way of telling me im wrong."

I'd call it that too. Good luck Salaczar!

I can't believe she sent you to FAIRS... 




 Yes, I've seen the Santorum fanatics, too. 




 You realize 72% of Americans believe in U.F.O.'s right?

And, with all the recent revelations of creatures being found in the depths of the oceans exhibiting behaviors and abilities previously unknown to mankind, the public is becoming more accepting to the notion of U.F.O.'s is much easier to accept. It really seems that the only people who do not believe are either highly religious or people who dismiss the data for whatever reason. :)  




 I'm not going to do it. It's too risky, tempting tho. :) Maybe during the apocalypse, look me up? 




 You are right, you are meat while alive too.
And yeah, I would eat my animals or my family if it was socially acceptable and they were dead :)

It's not being disrespectful, I just really really enjoy meat.  




 Once you are dead, you are meat. Period. 




 My best case against Prions is this: You have to consume the body while it is still living. Want a thigh? You gotta chop it while the person is still alive. This is the best theory I have come up with to prevent the disease. 




 Humans are meat. I see no difference between an animal eating it's young, the cannibalism of one animal to another of the same species. Humans are animals, we have meat, time to eat! Om nom nom 




 People are meat. I'd have no issue with this, however, you should be aware, I don't find it sexual. I just really love meat and would love me some long pork. Mmmm yes ;) 




 more stories like this please. credible witness is credible :) 




 Now I know why she set fire to the rain. 




 Anyone else LOOOL at the pics of the Ancient Aliens guy and WoooT at Goldblum? 

Cool Story Bro! 




 I think some of the "ufo's" are alive...or are so completely advanced they appear to be alive. 




 Well put :) 




 I had this song in my head randomly today...so after reading this I HAD to listen to it :) 




 I questioned my sanity, too. But I don't think your crazy one bit, because I saw one of those blinking red lights. Get this: Some of them change shape. So it's no wonder they were all different shapes :) 




 I only saw one picture online...and I did a gis...maybe you can link where I can see some? (and also find out more info) 
Thanks :) 




 Yes

http://www.earthfiles.com/news.php?ID=1942 category=Environment

It looks like a hoax. 




 I've noticed a bit of the same in Raleigh... 




 I'm glad you shared this story :) 




 I REALLY like this idea. I think there is some tweaking going to be involved but it's actually not a difficult concept to make reality. We just have to get people interested in wanting closer contact. Your idea of hotspots is just the place to start marketing to! 




 I want to send them paint and paintbrushes so they can create positive artwork on the gate. Kind of a "fuck you, stay the fuck out, this is a Happy Environment" to all those assholes who want to machete good people. 




 Hey, it's how my TBM Mom recounted it. She may have sugar-coated thru the years :) 




 They were bringing in a piano into a very small room and told us to push our chairs back. When I did this my chair collapsed in my hands. I was very very little and it's a vague memory.
I do remember there was one other part of the 'miracle'. The dr said b/c  of the way my pinkies tendons were cut and stuff that I would 1. have no use of my pinkies ever in life and 2. They would never grow past a three year old size! Neither of those things happened.

The human body is an amazing vessel :) 




 PLEASE PLEASE RAGE FACE THIS!! I BEG YOU!! 




 I broke my two pinkies in church. This guy who drove me to the hospital also gave me a blessing in the hospital where they kept the prisoners (I have no idea why). As soon as the blessing was over I stopped crying, started to laugh and act like my fingers were fine.

Cue the oohs and aahhhs... 




 I went to BYU-Idaho. I laughed so freaking hard :) 




 Where are you? I'd be happy to help you in this venture :) 




 Actually, the government has done a terrible job of covering up the UFO/Alien matter. If anybody cares to look for it, the Press Club meetings are online for all to see.

I know, you don't want to find it.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vyVe-6YdUk

There is a whole lot more than just this. The truth, so to speak, is out there. 




 I was looking at the picture when something was in my eye.
Holy shit, that, that is touching.
Go Reddit. :) 




 15,000 songs myself,... know how ya feel 




 those aren't your friends. fuck em 




 Thanx :) 




 Not sure if your really dumb or if your just trolling, especially when you are using Reddit (which won't exist after SOPA) to put forth your angst at the "circle-jerkers". 




 Do it guys :) 




 You are right, it was jarring. It completely shattered my view of the world and everything in it. I realized I knew absolutely nothing about the world and space in which I lived. I now knew something was out there, but as I have stated before, I would have expected some religious insight along with it, but..nothing. This lack of evidence in one manner and a strong opposition that is right in front of me(I was taught that there is NO thing out there, that this universe is void of all living things, even tho, in my deepest heart I thought it to be full of shit). To me, for some reason, there can't be a God if there is more. There can't be. And, even if there is, it's not for me to worry about. What I saw was much more interesting and definitely has a stronger possibility of reality (ufos/aliens) than an invisible sky daddy. 




 Where can I sign up to be the girl? 




 It was told to me to not do it, that it isn't worth the "five minutes of pleasure"

...about that ;) 




 *nods* we shall see :) 




 While you do have a point, I would prefer to leave that portion out as I have not delved into it at all :)

I would only like to give information that I feel is pertinent. I have never thought of my dreams to be pertinent, so.. I feel it would be in bad taste. 




 I still think it is just me coming to terms with the event, but if you really want to know...pm me? 




 That is very interesting. :)

I did have strange nightmares, really strange and spooky stuff, after the event. I don't know if that means anything, I always thought it was my brains own way of coming to terms with the event. I wouldn't be adverse to learning more. I am curious now. 




 I really didn't think to, other than just me knowing what time it was because I would drive this route a lot :) 




 Nom :) 




 Yes, I am a 'she'. :) 




 I do not know what it was or where it came from. But the event, whatever happened, changed my life. Forever. I don't expect many people would come out the same if face to face with such an unknown.

*(also, ufo does not mean extraterrestrial. Taken as what it is Unidentified Flying Object is just that. Unidentified. Therefore, Unknown. But, maybe, not unknowable?) :) 




 Like I said, I was sober for this. And, truthfully, I'm glad I was. I had my faculties about me and instead of freaking out I just tried really hard to remember exactly what I was witnessing, so I could write it down later. (and I did) 




 I have wondered about that myself. I don't know it it will be of any help, and I would want to go to a reputable hypnotherapist as well. Preferably one who doesn't just shut me out upon hearing I saw something and I don't know what it was. 




 No. More like a red blood cell, however that is a neat pic :) 




 ahh gotcha :)

Thank you for clarifying. And, yes, I realize with no physical proof it would be truly impossible to explain, and, honestly, I can't blame people who wouldn't believe my assertion without it. 




 Interesting theory. I get what you are saying, however, I do not fit this description, as I openly admit I have no idea what it was. (and even that it might all be in my mind, even tho I am of pretty sound mind) 




 It happened so long ago, but it's not impossible as I did write down the date, time and highway (down to the exits) in my journal when I got home that night. 




 I have never heard of this syndrome, and I think many people suffer from this. Have you ever met someone who watches and believes everything Fox News spews?

And, if you had read my previous responses, I do concede that I do not know for certain what it is I saw. I can't. I'd never seen anything like that before. It truly should be called an "unknown" but saying UFO is slightly easier to express to people who do not know what to make of it when you say "I saw an unknown". To say I believe-in what I saw, would be untrue as well. 




 Because it wasn't a space wizard as you put it. I saw an unknown. And, maybe to you there is no connection, but you are not me. To me, as I have stated, this event seemed to me, like what one would say was religious, but what I experienced was not religious in any nature. I just witnessed something I could not explain and it clicked in my mind that events like this do not a god make. 




 Only smoke the ganga. But I was sober that night. 




 I was absolutely sober for this event. I was driving home from Massage Therapy class. I do not believe I was even working on anyone that night, just basic studies.

It looked like a red blood cell, until it shifted it's shape. Like I said, I can call it a UFO but, in reality, what I saw was an "unknown". And it definitely seemed alive in some manner. Of course, I have to concede that even some of our technology to date would seem almost "alive" to someone living in the middle ages. (Especially if that object is remote controlled in some manner) 




 I have considered the possibility that it was all in my head. However I do not believe the event to be as such. The officer almost hitting me definitely alerted me to the strong possibility that s/he was seeing this too. 




