 People on this sub have actually beaten to death the , "Tig is the rat" theory 




 I just moved here from Dallas.  I want to be healthier and more active.  I love being out doors and would like to go hiking in the hills out in the desert. 

Any good suggestions on where beginners should go.  I've been to superstition once while visiting a while ago. Where else is good for solo beginners?

I live in Mesa, so anything out this direction would be appreciated. 




 Simpsons did it... Wait no, I think that was done other show.... But which one...? 




 I love yo....  I mean, thanks for posting that gif.  We really appreciate it. 




 Could be pissed for getting sold back to the Chinese by Clay days after getting out of prison (Season 1) That's when he must his fingers.  Could be playing the long con, gathering as much Intel as
Possible 




 Very possible 




 Why thank you 




 I appreciate it bitchwrangler.  It was a tough decision.  Basically have been saying I was going to do it for about a year, finally manned up 














 Queens, my bad 




 Makes sense for Juice, when he was being pressed in season 4 you find out he's originally from Brooklyn.  The others I haven't noticed.  Jax on the other hand, I've heard Aussie, Brit, and Nor Cal , I think he's getting tired. 




 Are we don't this price is right style? 




 And let the face swapping begin! 




 Marx forgave "Tig's debt" though when Jax turned over the fun business to him though.  Marx was no longer after The by the end of season 5.  Second to last episode of that season, but not sure. 




 I wouldn't mind being in her valley 




 Tell it husband he's the first person I've ever seen to wear a sons costume and actually look like the person.  Cudos 




 I agree with OP.  Its a possibility.  I've wrote off trying to predict what Sutter will do or assume he has rules of how a character will go out. 




 In not sure I get the punch line?  Help me out, maybe put a finger on it? 




 Checks and balances 




 I'm personally not taking too much stock in Sutter stating that 2 sons die.  It's possible, but seeing that Sutter likes to go the opposite direction in big episodes from what people think he'll do.....  I think saying that could have been a misdirection.   Plus, if it is true, Nero isn't a Son, neither is Gemma, the death toll could be far greater in the last 5 episode.  Plenty of time for folks to die. 




 Everything here mother was saying Jax took on as a direct reflection to himself.  The rent is punctuated by her saying something about a horrible father and a dead mother right before Jax puts a round through her head.  All foreshadowing Tara's death in a very sneaky way 




 Thunder header 2 into 1 tailpipe is common amongst the bikes in Sons.  You see a lot of the sidekick seats as well.  Its a single piece 2 up seat.  HD diamond black grips.  Those are the big ones.  Chib's earlier bike had the fork tube boots, but I think with the fairing, the boots would clutter your front end too much.  

If you go with the thunder header (has a great sound) or any other full pipe you'll need to do a stage one air intake upgrade as well

Edit: also black lower front fork sliders and HD black magnum wheels 




 Actually very caught up, to the episode.  You didn't soil anything f for me.  Only takes 2 minutes to be considerate for other redditors though 




 Thank You!  I'm glad I'm not the only one who thinks it's Nero.  When he left the room when the sons saw what happen it looked a little suspect.  Then, when the focus was in him at the end and he says, "how could they not leave after what happen".  Clear foreshadowing. 




 Seen the episode already but still.  A spoiler alert tag, I'm sure, would have been much appreciated by some folks here 




 Go back and watch when Venus' mother rants at the kiddie porn studio.  Kurt Sutter drops some serious foreshadowing.  Bravo 




 Minception 




 If have to go with the Piano Key Neck Tie 




 If your looking for which mods are on his bike I can let you know.  Used to work in custom accessories at a HD dealership in TX 




 No disrespect intended, but your mom is smoking hot.  If she were a dinosaur, she'd be a Babe-a-saurus Rex 




 Some chick and dude meet on a boat, at the end ( SPOILER ALERT) a big rock gets dropped in the water 




 Added 




 Serious case of MLA 




 Haven't watched this episode yet but I'm saving it.  I miss tales from the dark side 




 Blanch de Bruxelles, is Euro, but awesome 




 A kid called me an asshole, I told him I wasn't, he was convinced 




 Yes....  Yes you are 




 I don't follow, what's the twist? 




 Daaaaaaaamn 




 I think he's permastuck in that expression 




 "Chump Chance" by Big Business 




 My day just started and seeing this may be the coolest thing that happens all day, awesome 




 Pretty sure at least 2 of those are photo shopped 




 Years ago I bought a legit bike jacket at a Wilson's leather outlet store,  Sturdy, warm, not a logo on it and 1/3 the price 




 Shiiiiiiiiiit, I got serious chills down my arm from that one! 




 What year is that photo from?  Might be a good post for /r/oldschoolcool 




 Who were the graduates and what year did they graduate? 




 Nice, I was on my pop's Ultra, full size wind shield. 




 I can't imagine what it would look like without a wind screen 














 Looks like you're not eating any....  Dry toast 




 Its like ordering a sandwich on wheat, and your waiter brings it to you on rye 




 That you should of ate! 




 *bobber* 









 Well that escalated quickly 




 I got a serious chill at the end, did not see that coming 




 Take a motorcycle safety coarse 




 I do what I can. 









 I'm not tech savy, please be patient with me:
I downloaded VLC media player last week and every since I've had problems:

Netflix App wont work
I can't load videos on streaming sites like Coke and Popcorn or ProjectFree
I can't figure out how to get rid of the crap programs that come with VLC

How do I fix this?  I was also curious of people's opinions on the best spyware/malware and free virus protection as well.  Any help would be appreciated. 









 I agree totally with that.  Both probably made mistakes somewhere 




 Rahr is bigger.  I believe they produce more barrelage per year than DEBC does.  I'm not totally sure, I havent checked the BA Forum letter recently.  But that is why I said "bigger than most"

I really doubt S S did what they are being accused of.  I know for a fact there are tap handles in that restaurant that local breweries didn't have to pay for.  That doesn't mean they didn't say what they are being accused of saying, but it doesn't help DEBC's case either.

As for serving Franconia over Deep Ellum, yeah, I don't get that either.  I want there, I dont know what happen.  Not serving there beer could be just an excuse for a deeper issue like you said.  One thing to keep in mind though, liking a certain brewery/style of beer/or individual brew is ALL subject to opinion.  There are some beers that most people in the Dallas scene love that I think are inferior.  There are also beers that I love other people think are shit.  Its all opinion. 




 I don't think they are a massive corporation.  But based on their distribution network, number of accounts, and total barrels sold, they are MUCH larger than most of the breweries in the area.  And by contrast, much larger than a single restaurant that's only been open or about 4 months 




 He's trying to play up being the little guy, a small self distributed brewery.  It helps him look favorable as the victim.  He leads people to believe they're still a small operation, they don't have distribution, which they do, just not in this area.  There is absolutely nothing wrong with picking up a distributor in one area and not another.  But to tell people you don't have when to look like such a small operation when you actually do else where is misleading. 




 In the blog written about this John states that he's the little guy and the victim being bullied.  He stated that he is not distributed by Andrews or BEK which is only half true.  They are still self distributed in DFW, but distributed by BEK in the large southern cities in the state.  Is another good example if how he's misleading and petty 




 FOLLOW UP:  Replaced it with a new one last night from Autozone.  After taxes it was $250.  It took me about an hour and this was my first time making this repair on a vehicle.  The three places (one dealer and 2 national chains) I looked into to do the repair for me, each gave me estimates for $550-$600 for a one hour job.  Proof they're all out to gouge.  Moral of the story... I'm doing my own work. 




 No sources, no references, and a weak looking site...?  Yeah, I'd believe it....  Why was this even posted? 




 Going back through both Deep Ellum's post about this and Scotch and sausage's, and looking in the comments of the previous note our DEBC has had, is scary to see how much some of DEBC's fans have "drank the kool aide" 




 Sorry. I meant to type the word "remember" not tendency.   Was trying to type at a red light and not paying attention.  Was meant to read, "do you remember the brand name?" 




 * remember* not tendency sorry. Was trying to type at a red light 




 Awesome.  Do you tendency the brand on it? 




 Anyone have a good suggestion on a brand of alternator for an 06'?  My first one lasted 85k miles. In sitting in an NTB with a dead alternator that's 2 years old and Ford is showing me no love.

I'm looking for a suggestion in a quality product that will last more than 2 years.  Also, if there are any maintenance tips to make one last longer I'd appreciate it. 









 They have similar style on Jpcycles.com 









 I used to sell for Harley and ride myself.  The biggest things are enjoying the ride, being comfortable, and controlling the bike.  HD has accessories and mods you can put on the Dyna series to help with all of those.  You can get things like "the reach seat" which is comfortable and moves you closer to your controls as well as curved handlebar riders that will bring your bars closer to you.  Get the bike you want and can afford then customize it to for you.  Do what you want man, is a Harley! 




 In guessing the frame is a 0 out 62 up?  




 What you went through was incredibly unfortunate, but your Halloween must not go un wasted this year.  Take the new scar and run with it my friend.  Bond villains, classic horror monsters, the day will be your! 




 Yeah, your guests getting popped one in the face (in the not fun kind of way) usually isn't good for business 









 Yeah....  Its not doing well.  They get a lot of vagrants coming off the dart real running off customers 




 I'll never make someone for dealing with addiction. I see it a lot in my mine of work.  But I will make fun of someone for being a Dick 









 Yes, Park Lane and 75.  They put it up yesterday  









 Holy Hell. What's the size on that wheel? 














 Is there a link to that specific clip? 




 I was wondering if anyone has a link to the drop WTDS for Sport Sturm's birthday.  It was a barrage of overlapping drops of Bob and other ticket members doing Bob impressions.  I think it ran for a little over a minute. 




 Looks great!  I like how you shaped a little lip on it with out going full bobtail.  Nice touch. 




 All I can say is wow.   The symbolism is amazing. 




 Mesmerizing 




 Michael from Lakewood here.  The whole crew is pretty impressed and very proud of you guys. 




 I have a buddy who rides an ultra and I busy his chops all the time just for fun.  He's 33.  Truth be told I'm jealous because he's riding and I'm not, lol 




 Go for a straight forward traditional summer beer Czech/bohemian Pils are always a good choice.  Check for local ones NOT in green bottles 




 I'm so glad this is in my life 




 Wow. Topical humor and 16 years in the making.  There are people who are now turning 21 who can now go in there to drink who won't be old enough to get the reference. Still clever though, I must admit. 




 I'm a big fan of keeping it 200mm and under.  I actually prefer a 180mm.  I road the rocket custom when it first came out.  The stability in a straight run was phenomenal.  Turning was tough hard and sluggish.  It really depends what type of riding you want to do.  If you like a at straight haul go wide.  If you like a lot of twists and turns go narrow. 




 Who here has an awesome allergy specialist they would recommend.  I took to google a found a few, but I'd like recommendations if possible.  It's getting to the point where I'm loosing A LOT of sleep. 




 My vote's Frisco 









 I've tried it before, it fucking sucks 




 Cool,, have a membership, it's only 15 if you don't  




 3 stop lights 




 Just got a membership at Just fitness in Casa Linda.  Want a buddy, male or female, don't care, just want o have fun working out and someone I can push and who will push me.  I'm 29, male and training to loose some weight.  Cardio and weights and a little polymetrics/cross training would be ideal 




 Sad thing is, I got more pivoted due to a type-o than I have posting anything else.... 









 Central Market on Lover's lane is the best place to go.  Or any of the whole foods.  Lakewood brewing has a couple bombers out right now and word is in the next couple of days they'll be releasing a bourbon aged version of their imperial milk stout. 




