 Yeah, but most libraries don't consist only on articles. They have novels, poetry, essays, etc. 




 Welcome to this subreddit. 




 I once listened a blind guy talking in a podcast. He said some blind people like listening to erotic tales read by a female voice syntheziser. 




 Where do you live? 




 It looks like it came out of a Lovecraft tale 




 This way we would have a printed article abour "furry fandom" somewhere in a museum. That's weird. 




 You bought a record you don't know anything about? You must have lots of money. 




 Ryan Trecartin maybe? That would be cool. 




 This should turn into a haiku contest. 




 It's better than being a poor purple, at least. 




 I thought it would be bigger, to be honest. 




 Penis size 




 It blows my mind that somebody took the time to make this statistics. He even counted the flair hiders. I don't even know how he can do that. 




 They are not geek enough to feel curiosity and investigate about it. 




 And thousands of graphic designers. 




 How do you know how many of each color there are? I still didn't find those statistics anywhere. 




 Fruit salad is not salty. Why is it called "salad" then? 




 I'm becoming an addict to the fiction works this subreddit is producing. 




 Maybe they even use our star as a guide to navigation. 




 Lag 




 Thanks god somebody thought about it! 




 If you really get to use it, let me know. I will be happy to know that I made a part of it. 




 An idea that comes to my mind is some kind of baptism, where you oficially give him/her a submissive name. You could pronounce the name at the same time you put the collar on him/her. 




 Hey! Welcome back! Do you know about the button? 




 For god sake, it even has a lock over it! 




 Oh, ok. I thought it was something like that but I was not sure. Good day to you too, sir/lady. 




 Don't make a big deal about this. It's just another joke about a mental illness based on superficial popular notions, just like jokes about asperger, autism or alzheimer.

We can't do anything about it. 




 I safe it for the perfect moment. One night I listened to it on my iPod while walking by the street. It's one of the best settings for listening to Death Grips. It's dark. You are alone. Nobody annoys you. You walk without a precise direction. You can focus on the music, you can delight on it. 




 I'm afraid I don't understand your comment at all. 




 I'm glad to help. 









 I think /u/powerlanguage is the responsible for this experiment, but the explanation you need about the button is much more elaborated.

Sigh... Long story short: There is a button at the top of r/thebutton. Only people with Reddit accounts created before 1 of April can press it. You can press it only once. When you press it, you are assigned a colour depending on at what time did you press it. People are giving these colours religious/mythical/ideological meanings.

Everytime somebody presses it, it restarts from 60s. It has never got to 0.

The button looks like this: http://i.imgur.com/Mpi2qdN.gif

Just read a bunch of threads. It's actually very funny and you'll get the story very quickly. 




 That's... that's impossible...

Oh, wait, they are asians, of course. 




 Link to what? 




 There will be confetti and balloons. 




 Sounds very reasonable. It's a good interpretation. I'd check the complete lyrics to contrast this, but I'm too lazy. 




 Of course. I give it a pair of months. 




 My pure OCD is in remission. I have some very peaceful days, with no obsessions, no compulsions, no ruminating. In those days I feel like a normal person and wish it was like this forever. I assure you I don't miss my OCD during those days. 




 I have this problem too. I can't have an orgasm while having sex with a girl. I have to masturbate. When in home, watching porn and masturbating, there is no problem. But this seriously makes my relationships very awkward and frustrating. I lost my libido. I used to be obssesed about sex, but since I take my medication, I totally forgot about sex. I rarely masturbate.

I quit with some of my medication, antipsychotics to be precise (paliperidone, I think) and I have recovered some of the libido. Now I masturbate more regularly. I haven't been with a girl since I quit the pills, though, so I don't know if I'm still fixed. 




 CRA
YYYOOON 




 I live in a relatively small spanish city and I still have not known anybody who likes Death Grips. 




 I have a music blog where I share and review albums. I'm still not very good or professional with the reviews but these are some things I've learned:

-Listen the album at least two or three times before you form and opinion.

-Write about the artist/band origins and story.

-Tell some interesting details/trivia about the album, the artists, some story behind them. For example, I'm very interested when some of the members of the band died or commited suicide. I don't know. I'm just like that, interested in morbid details.

-Have in mind the album's historic relevance, how important or influent it was for other artists at the moment of its realease. Maybe you'd listen Black Sabbath or Venom and find it bland compared to other contemporary albums, but at the moment they were pioneers, the first of it kind doing that thing.

-Explain how the music makes you feel. Its flavour. Its texture. Make metaphors.

-Read other reviews in famous sites like Pitchfork, Rate Your Music, etc, but also in less known blogs or Youtube channels.

I hope this helps you. 




 What the hell im doing watching this shit... 




 Lots of purples 




 Beware, Guillotine and No Love are obligatory for me. 









 Don't forget this:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6b9ci_z4v7M t=2m46s 




 Resulting in a what? 




 No fun. Ever.

Look, Reddit is a great plataform to experiment in different ways, and people is having a lot of fun using their imagination around this subject. Why not have some fun? 




 My theory is it was some kind of game. She has to find "the killer" and call him to confirm to win, but called the wrong number. 









 That's racist 




 This reminds me that time, when I was like 18 years old, I was home alone and somebody called. It was a girl.

"You, sir, are a killer", she said, in a very convinced and funny tone.
"What?"
"You, sir, are a killer", she repeated.
"I'm sorry, but I have no idea what you are talking about".
"Well. You will find it tomorrow then".

She hanged up.

I'm 34 now and still have no idea what was that about or who she was.

Now that I think it, maybe I should even tell this in its own thread. 




 Wrong number? 




 You mean those frames with boobs 




 Don't worry. You are not a bad person or a pedophile just for having those thoughts, that seem just intrusive thoughts caused by your OCD.

Imagination is free. Mind is free. Just thinking about something doesn't mean you are gonna do it or you agree with it, specially with thoughts that you can't control.

Indulge yourself. Imagine whatever you want. You are free. Your mind can't hurt anybody. Your actions do. Don't be scare for your thoughts. That's just your mind trying to fuck you.

I've had problems like yours. Sometimes I see little children and imagine raping them. But I know I'm in no way attracted to them. I would never do anything inappropiate to a kid. I know that's just my mind looking for another way to make me feel bad, like when I imagine accidents or think again and again about that person that insulted me on the street.

Have a conversation with yourself and make things clear. Take a decision about your feelings and grasp to it whenever you feel insecure about these thoughts.

I hope some of this help you. 




 I started watching I Be-Area and found it a very interesting visual experiment. But since english is not my first language i didn't get the 90% of it, so i quit.

Also, just in case there is still anybody doesn't know, DG sampled I Be-Area: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxid-di6PQE 




 How do occultism and magick influence your work? 




 Glorious 




 This is really interesting. Like a visual portrait of OCD. 




 This makes a great plot for a movie or a short. 




 just recently we had the label sign up to a deal with BitTorrent, which was pretty much unheard of. 

Cool. I didn't knew about this. 




 Yeah, I see the connection, but that song is too soft maybe. 




 I'm not sure people relate OCD to not being capable of finishing works. Maybe they could think you are just obsessive and meticulous, that you have some rituals. That's the most extended view about OCD, I believe. You shouldn't worry.

I'm not sure if this is what you are asking. 




 The idea is to make a music video mixing some DG song with this:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I33u7P-XokE

What song do you think will go well with this?

Also, I'm quite lazy and could take a long time to do this, so, if anybody wanna use this idea and edit the video himself, go ahead, I have no problem with that. 




 That's a difficult question, actually. If you want to shock and anoy people, if you want to make your friends say "What the hell, why do you like such strange music?" you should play one where Stefan screams the most. Maybe "You might think he loves you". It's very noisy and agressive, and Stefan screams a lot. 




 Man... what the hell... 




 I love it. Thanks. 




 Yeah. A very nice place to listen to death grips. 




