 LPT: always look ahead of where you're driving and scan the horizon. Do not ONLY focus on the road 20 feet ahead of you. 




 It didn't help that he cranked the wheel more when he started understeering. 




 I would have gotten out and continue the beating (off camera). 




 It's probably a big-rig. 




 I still look both ways when driving through an intersection on my green. If there's a car running the red light, that split second could be the difference between life and death. 




 She ded 




 Why is everyone getting golded in this thread?  




 Casino Royale, ball torture scene.  




 Then it would, by definition, be a day's worth. 




 I didn't come here for a math problem! Take your upvote and go.  




 Step 3: ???

Step 4: profit? 




 You should really get glasses. I'm -.75 and I use corrective lenses. Quality of life is so much better. 




 Armed, as in, has a weapon, specifically, a gun. 




 It's a game where friendships are made and destroyed. And where you'll discover the friend who has a strange affinity for sheep. 




 What if the other person is armed? 




 Except the victim always trips and sprains their ankle. 




 Hey, by all means, bate away until your dick gets moldy.  




 Infected?  Do you not wash your dick? You do know you're supposed to pull it all the way back to wash it right?  




 I'm not OCD, but this pisses me off! 




 The flame kind of looks like a nebula and the sparks are stars. 




 When a DJ is noticeably drunk and playing like shit I usually get as close to the booth as possible and yell obscenities. 




 If it was a Louby, she would have taken it with her. 




 It's all the weapons companies that need a reason to invent new weapons so they can get government contracts.
 




 Is that Macallan?
 




 Does it really matter who you find attractive? You shouldn't let other people's opinions determine your actions. What you find attractive about a person is so subjective that anyone else who judges has no validity.

Interracial couples are great because each person gets to experience, learn and adopt a part of another culture. They get to share traditions and food. It's a positive for all since each person becomes more cultured by the experience. 




 Weak ass click bait title. 




 Does this mean I have to unsubscribe to /r/spacedicks 




 That sounds like anti slut defense. She probably lied about it being a joke just to save face with her friends.  




 Wood of 




 thank you gentle fellow pirate,

tips *pirate hat*

FtFY

 




 I thought the USA would be Hot Pockets. 




 Hey mommmmmm. Dad's on Reddit again!  




 Oh, AOL floppy discs 




 Indeed you can 




 I meow like a cat.  




 But you would never know that you would meet them the next day. It would just be like any other day.  




 I think he's talking about:

1. Be attractive
2. Have money if unattractive

FTFY 




 ... 




 You can always get another job. People have a propensity to be short  sighted.  




 God killed a lot of people in the bible man.  




 No need to shave your pubes if you light up a match after lubing your ass with wd40. 




 Or you can work for yourself. (Not trying to be condescending) 




 Take a number buddy.  Back of the line is that way.  




 Ah, that's unfortunate. Well maybe you can search around for underground events and see if you can get to know the promoters. I find that fans who attend underground events have more music knowledge and are more loyal. 




 Getting shot in the shoulder is not just a flesh wound that you can shrug off. Your mobility in that arm would be severely limited. 

Also in car scenes where the vehicles are traveling at a high rate of speed and then come to a dramatic, sideways skid to a stop. The actual distance you would skid in real life is wayyyyy farther.  




 Gonna make like a used tampon and get up out this bitch. 




 It does.  




 Because the clitoris is so sensitive, Brandon says, she sees women being more specific about their preferences for how they want to be touched. "[Men] rarely tell me, 'She touches too hard, too soft, she tickles, her hands are cold.' Women say those things all the time about how men touch their vulvas, clitorises included. Women are finicky, and so are their clitorises." 

Men rarely say anything to women because they're either too shy or too awkward to voice their concerns or they think criticizing the way a womam touches their penis will discourage further handjobs.

Well, I'll do a service for most men by saying: Most women's handjob technique is horrible! Guys, speak up and tell your women how to properly give handjobs. 




 10/10 would hit.  




 I concur.  




 My friend's girlfriend did this at my house and flooded the bathroom. Shit was everywhere. Friend had to clean it up and his girlfriend tried to blame it on him, in order to save face.  




 This now here.  




 Came here to say this. 

Shifting in corners is a bad habit.  




 Check around for vacant warehouses and see if the owner will rent it out for an "art gallery" event. Throw the party there.  




 

Can confirm. Am wife's car. 




 Now that, is a real *tearjerk* 

FTFY 




 Nice, but what happens if you forget your password (to the website that you signed up to)? How would you reset it? 

Edited for clarity. 




 There's 2 cops and a mob of people. What do you think is going to happen if they go to the ground in order to immobilize 1 person? And let's keep the name calling out of this, unless that's your petty way of trying to assert your dominance in this argument.  




 Tips anus 




 Hey, that rhymed. Kind of!  




 Sure they did. They built the railroads.  




 He stood on the first bucket and then put 2 more buckets underneath himself.  




 Really? My summers were always filled with teenaged angst and awkward boners. 




 Right in the gooch. 




 Had a prof once who gave take home tests, but the questions were extremely difficult and took about an hour each to complete. 




 So Netflix?  




