 If you're up early every day, you can park in dorm staff parking lots from 6pm to 7am mon-fri. If not, at least you have weekends. 




 *ooooooohhhhhhhh...* ew. 




 Yeah, that. That pisses me off too. 




 nothing says "freedom" like racial segregation, eh? 




 Right, but why do people actively write in bold all-caps and use a bunch of weird faces? I feel like Reddit could make more visually appealing content by accident; is it just a pleasure of recognition thing? 




 Everything about memes, from layout to content to font, seems tailor-made to repel viewers. Do netdwellers simply lack design sense? Is it a 4channy attack on mainstream sensibilities? Why Reddit? Why do we produce and consume ugly things all day? 




 [pffft.](http://i.imgur.com/71cVY.png) 




 Huh. I was going to take same quote, but in the service of pointing out the laugh-out-load hypocrisy of this post. 




 [Hey Jude](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GEKgYKpEJ3o) by the Beatles--hear me out now. With the band falling apart and Yoko in the picture, [John always understood the song as a message to him,](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hey_Jude#Inspiration_and_writing) and I do think that's there in the [lyrics](http://www.songmeanings.net/songs/view/799/), whether conscious or not. Both lyrically and musically, it's about evolution--listen closely, the texture changes with every chorus, every verse, every measure of the coda. Emotionally, there's the simple, heart-wrenching background vocals of the verses, progressing to the triumphant finish that never really ends, just keeps progressing until it's inaudible. To me, it's a beautiful expression of love between friends even as they grow apart, and more generally a quite moving appeal to always keep moving. 




 I ain't sayin' you treated me unkind

You coulda done better but I don't mind

You just kinda wasted my precious time

But [don't think twice, it's alright.](http://grooveshark.com/#/s/Don+t+Think+Twice+It+s+Alright/3F4IGC?src=5) 




 This might be unique to disillusioned Catholics still reeling from built-in guilt, but I think [Mess](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJFt8MC1XKo) is phenomenal. 




 [The Iron   Wine version](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5gBt-zpb-w) is also great. The Flaming Lips are great soundsmiths, but Wayne Coyne is also a sort of strangely perfect songwriter, and it really shines though when you strip everything away. 




 I owned the Baha Men CD. 




 nice save? 




 Ctrl+F "dick," glad it was in here once anyway. 




 I'm not sure what the philosophical question is here, but here're some thoughts:

* You can be attracted or unattracted to whoever you like, but it's probably worth considering where your opinions are coming from before making generalizations. Are you comparing men or women of the same social status? If not, are you factoring non-biological factors into their attractiveness? To what extent does media representation affect your perception of a race? If you see a bunch of pretty women waking down the street together and instantly gravitate to the blonde-haired white one, then that's your attraction and it's fine. If you're simply saying that whites are pretty, then it's worth thinking about how culture has represented white and black to you.

* Economic status is a far more valuable indicator of criminality than race. Black Americans are disproportionately incarcerated because they're disproportionately born into poorer circumstances, and have been throughout American history--that's overwhelmingly how this cyclical capitalism thing shakes out. Add on a history of institutionalized racism in enforcement and sentencing, and you have a set of statistics that says far more about American politics than it does biological race.

* Intelligence is partly genetic, partly social--genetically advantaged children in poor environments are less likely to perform well on intelligence tests then their peers in more privileged environments. This is the case regardless of race, but is again more visible in black communities because of a history of cyclical socioeconomic marginalization.

* Extrapolating any of these social descriptors to make a statement about biology is at best ill-informed; to then fallaciously correlate social generalities with an individual's biology as criteria (sole or otherwise) for employment is ridiculous practically, wrong morally, and racist in every sense of the word.

Regardless, it's preposterously rare that any major decision can best be made based solely on a person's race. Let's leave the definition of racism as it is, and get to know someone before making either descriptive or prescriptive statements about them, eh? 




 It'd be a little more indicative of poster quality than grand totals over varying membership lengths, and would incentivize more thought for every post. What do y'all think? 




 Oh, the *verb* fancy. I read this as the adjective fancy like five times, and thought you were pretty weird. 




 ... yes, and? 




 this was a response to that one, actually. pushing it I know, but the last line was too enticing to leave hanging. 




 Read this as ex-juggalos, was thoroughly intrigued. 




 Yeah 4chan! Protecting the world from... uh, 4chan users... 









 Just finished listening to this. Nearly justifies the film's existence in itself. 




 I'm not even a dubstep guy at all, but that was sick. 




 Impossible? Oh. Well fuck it then, I guess. 




 Soft science maybe, but it's at least testable, falsifiable, reproducible, all that good stuff. Modern psychology is fucking physics compared to all the old Freudian shit. 




 Oof. This is where somebody--might as well be me--points out that psychoanalytic academia is a bunch of pseudo-scientific conjecture, and is considered pretty laughable by anyone who takes the scientific study of human thought and behavior seriously. Just something to consider. 




 I personally think Nietzsche's sex/gender politics were ass-backwards, and see no reason to privilege his opinions on the matter. 




 Good thoughts. I'd like to clarify that I don't mean abrasive as a negative term, and the fact that it is so far removed from the Top 40 sound--deliberately so, in my opinion--is kind of cool. I call the music stupid because the lyrics are stupid, and that's fine. Sleigh Bells is a dumb pop band, and it's cool because I also like dumb pop music.

I'm only responding to the assertion that hipsters are uniquely qualified to cut through all the dumb stuff and consume art of the finest caliber. No. Hipsters like dumb shit as much as anyone else, they just like anti-popular dumb shit. And that's good and it's wonderful and I love dumb shit, and I even kind of like Sleigh Bells. I'm certainly not hating on Sleigh Bells fans, I'm just saying that the group has more in common with Train than Leonard Cohen. 




 penis. 




 That's, uh, not really what the comment was about, but yeah, I'll stand by my assertion that Sleigh Bells makes some dumb music--it's kind of fun I guess, I'll sing along if I'm drunk or something, but the music is inarguably pretty stupid. The abrasive production is a fairly extreme reaction to Top 40 production, so yeah, it speaks to the anti-pop kids and gets shoved into car commercials with all the other melodic indie music, presumably because the songs are vaguely recognizable and the rights are cheaper than John Mayer.

But seriously, that's really not what the comment was about, and it's totally fine that people like Sleigh Bells, and I'm seriously not being condescending because I like a lot of stupid shit myself.

And if you're on my lawn, quit creepin. 




 Johnny, you wrote a wordy examination of hipsterdom and put brackets in the title. Of course you're a bloody hipster. ;)

Regardless, I'm not saying that people shouldn't listen to and enjoy Sleigh Bells any more than I would discourage someone from listening to U2 or Coldplay: whatever cynicism or commercialism goes into the songcraft, people have real emotional connections to "With or Without You" and "Viva la Vida" and, uh, "Rill Rill." My point is that whatever personal motivations you or anyone else might have, I find that hipster and non-hipster playlists tend to line up along a popularity binary moreso than a binary of authenticity. 




 The thing is, hipsters aren't even all that good at sniffing out bullshit: they reject massively popular artists not because of finely honed hipster anti-bullshit powers, but because the artists are massively popular. That's where the "I like the early pre-popularity stuff" mentality comes from, and it's why hipsters will latch on to some [seriously stupid shit](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8zXTsmJU6_s) as long as it's radio unfriendly.  




 Right, because she's totally sane in every other sense. 




 childish fucks. 




 This is one of those things that I just try not to think about because

* it's dumb as hell and basically makes fun of itself BUT
* someone out there put some effort into it
* someone like my mom would probably buy it 




 Honestly, I see where he's coming from and sort of agree. Try talking to one of those postmodern kids for a few minutes. 




 Seriously, don't care if I like the group or song or whatever, I report that shit as spam. 




 ***I DON'T KNOW WHAT WE'RE YELLING ABOUT!*** 




 I think I'm confused--what does ownage mean again? 




 Not just between levels, but within levels. They'd assemble different components separately, portal them together for a sense of how the level plays, then put them in practical space for the finished product. 




 I nominate comic sans. 




 Yeah, I definitely agree that that's the in-world explanation for it, but that doesn't stop it from having meaning. Robots offer a neutral third party perspective on human life, so the fact that they see orthodox art as such a shallow thing is definitely a statement. Keep in mind that the game didn't have to engage "art" for any narrative reasons; the fact that they did and that they opened the game with it is significant, in my opinion. 




 Yeah, definitely. His whole world and persona is pretty out there, obviously, but I give a lot of credit to J.K. Simmons for throwing himself into it and hitting the emotion dead on. [It is a pretty harrowing arc: success, downfall, death--happens to everyone.](/spoiler) 




 I'm going to get a little pretentious here, but one of my favorite moments in Portal 2 comes early on, as the computerized voice presents a rote painting and classical music as "art." I love that the game opens with this--it's a great caricature of orthodox art appreciation, and it satirically portrays that sort of tradition as shallow, utilitarian nourishment rather than anything transcendent. More importantly, it's an implicit call for better art: if we believe that art *can* be something transcendent, it follows that we're being asked to look beyond the stuffy traditions parodied toward new and more inventive forms of expression. Video games, perhaps.

With that in mind, what are some of your favorite "art" moments in Portal 2? Stuff that hit you emotionally, engaged you intellectually, filled you with frustration, satisfaction, anything. Did you share that moment of harsh surprise when you accidentally destroyed the radio and cut "Exile Vilify" short? Do you take Aperture's history as a satirical depiction of capitalist progress, a mechanism far more successful at perpetuating itself than improving human life? Were you moved by the operatic ending, all the more beautiful for it's absurdity, just like everything is? I'm probably getting a little carried away here, but I do think that the game is deliberately addressing a conversation on what art is in that opening scene, and I'd love to hear your thoughts on if and how it succeeds as a work of art itself. 




 Yeah, that kind of ruined it. 




 Nosferatu! 




 Holy shit homeless. Ultimate confinement vs. ultimate freedom. 




 I look at that, and I get freaked out about the universe. Like, it's a genuinely disturbing image for me. 




 If a person is logical, sane and respectful, then they have my admiration. If they are otherwise, then they do not. Extenuating circumstances always exist, but you said you'd be *proud* to see this kind of thing in your child, and I'm disagreeing. If you're a dick, then at best it's understandable. If you're better than that, I applaud you. Simple as that.

Which brings me to the kid being a dick to his grandma. I'm not calling him a holistically shitty person, I'm not asking for his head, I'm just pointing out that he's introducing a little bit of pain into the world for no greater cause than the reinforcement of his own values. That's nothing more or less than self-righteous dickishness, and that's what I'm calling it. Nothing in my morality demands that I sugar-coat that. 




 I'm not sure that I follow, Antonivs. Are you saying that rational, respectful disagreement is a "fantasy?" Yikes. I happen to know that it happens, because it's my preferred method of engagement with the faithful--if you genuinely don't think it's possible, I encourage you to just try it some time.

As to my alleged hypocrisy, I think I'm being pretty consistent and clear: there are commendable ways of pursuing and perpetuating rational truth, and trolling Granny ain't one of 'em. 




 If my son or daughter came to me and logically, sanely, respectfully broke away from my beliefs, I could really only be proud of them.

But if my kid is being a self-righteous dick to my religious mom just for giggles--especially when she's just worshipping some loving inclusive God who gives her comfort and whatnot--I have no respect for that and would be sad, yes. 




 HA! It's funny, because there's a little more sadness in the world now! 









 witless 




 I see no evidence of intelligence in this post. 




 I remember thinking a few things walking out:

* This was funnier than the Hangover.
* I didn't really care for the Hangover.
* This wasn't very good either.
* I liked the idea a lot more than the movie.
* It *is* nice to see Craig Robinson getting work, he's funny.
* Jesus though, when are we going to be done with the 80s. 




 *A Clockwork Orange*: Explores the ways in which we're bound by forces both internal and external.

*Memento*: A protagonist with no short term memory tries to make sense of his existence by finding his wife's killer--it's essentially the inner workings of the brain organized externally, and it demonstrates the way his path is set by outside forces.

*The Adjustment Bureau*: the movie has problems, but it addresses your theme pretty head on.

 




 100% yes as a part of the curriculum, 100% no as an alternative to math. That shit's important. 




 True story. 




 It's supposedly based on an actual experience some kid in r/atheism had, but its status as a meme and the [comments](http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/gru0l/to_argue_is_futile/c1pt31x) it's eliciting over there are kinda messed up. 




 To clarify, I love the context-free fucked up short fiction. Go ahead and skip the early comments. 




 At least he's just normal crazy, and not bigot crazy. 




 It definitely is. The wii is capable of playing DVDs through homebrew, they just didn't pay for licencing. 




 Upvote for the laugh, but I'd just like to point out that sometimes simple art can be the most effective.

I was raised Catholic, and a large part of having faith is pushing the possibility that you might be wrong out of mind. Though I was fond of the song as a teenager, I was afraid on some level that if I fully engaged with Lennon's message--just imagine, just *pretend* for one second that this is really it, and *feel that in earnest and then tell me what's good*--that I wouldn't be able to switch back to believing. Sure enough, that's pretty much what happened; it was a long and complex process obviously, but Imagine was certainly part of it.

I can see how it might seem trite to those who take its principles for granted, but it really is a powerful statement for those who, however intelligent they might be otherwise, really never imagined this stuff. 




 Hmm.

* Nothing in the definition personhood supports your implication that it is incompatible with individualism. If you're redifining personhood, I invite you to clarify your definition.

* Individuality is not sponsored by society, but is rather a necessary component of our unique individual consciousnesses. The identification with a collective presupposes individual identity, as that is where consciousness occurs. It isn't a binary, it's a spectrum: one's identity is informed by the collective and by the self in varying degrees, but it's preposterous to claim that one can exist without unique individual identity, or that the collective is made of anything other than individuals.
* None of your claims support the assertion that individuality cannot be a humanism.

If you feel I misunderstand or misrepresent you, I invite your to clarify further, and to provide any context that might be necessary to support your claims. 




 If you feel like no one understood you, I invite you clarify your thesis. My brazen mentality can take it, I promise. :) 




 Nintendo has never been too progressive on pioneering new media. I expect them to use Blu-Ray without licence, call it the Nintendo High-Density Optical Drive or something, and be the last company to transition from physical media. 




 Every person has some attributes that are uniquely theirs, some attributes that are shared within their culture, and some attributes that are shared across humanity--it's literally impossible to be purely individualist or purely collectivist in the sense that seems to be assumed by this blog. Furthermore, consciousness only occurs in individuals--while we might imagine an outsider looking in at the void and even try to empathize with such a perspective, we do so from within our individual consciousnesses and cannot experience anything else.

I'm an individualist in the sense that I recognize these realities and in that I value difference as enjoyable and necessary for progress. I am a humanist in the sense that I believe unique individuals are capable of empathy and kindness in spite of their differences, and in that I value reason and ethics as means to a widespread public good. How are those terms mutually exclusive? 









 He's been without a jaw for a couple years now I think. It sort of slipped under the radar since he wasn't on TV any more, but he's been a big online presence and keeps a great [blog](http://blogs.suntimes.com/ebert/) on life, art, the universe etc. I've honestly come to appreciate Ebert as an internet philosopher far more than I ever did when he was a TV critic. 




 Use a sheath. 









 Eleanor Rigby is in the dorian mode. Yes, that is all I wanted to share. 




 Michigan resident here, and my impression is that it doesn't matter if the video is commercial or not--if it's journalism then you have some leeway, but otherwise you need consent to publish. 




 If you're not in public and you're publishing it, ordinary people have the right to their own image. For kids, the parents would have to approve the use of their children for the video.

It's certainly not child fucking pornography, and the rhetoric against him is fucking infuriating, and the fact that he can't be near children is fucking ridiculous, but consent should have been acquired for the published use of the children--it's no bigger or smaller a crime than that. 




 * The laundry in my closet while naked
* The stairs to my room on her 21st
* My blanket while sitting on my bed

A list of things various friends have pissed and their status while doing so. 




 In my opinion, the hands-down standout of an already pretty great album. 









 The description is fine for now, but it'd be nice to see the subreddit have its own identity rather than simply existing counter to r/philosophy. The term "chan-decay" is sort of married to the meme world in itself, and if cogitoergosum is going to have staying power it should lead with its uniquely defining features, whatever they end up being. Also, I still like r/philosophy and think it has a nice balance of humor and depth--I'd rather subscibe to both and see them compliment each other than exist against each other. 




 This link shows up right under the [comic](http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/gmsqb/ratheism_i_will_admit_i_was_a_little_weak_last/) of some guy who really wanted to share that he got laid last night. No offense to that dude, but this video is what I want r/atheism to be. 




 Hmm. Not completely full of shit then, I see. 




 ...

Yes. Yes, she is fucking kidding you. 




 Test: my password is bieberluv4eva. Did it work?

EDIT: damn you, Internet CEO! 




 Perhaps you set the stand-ins, but didn't set your actual character? If that's the case, just press start at the main menu, go to characters and pick the guy you want to use.

If that's not it, are you using two instruments at once, i.e. guitar/vox, keys/vox? if you're signed in on multiple profiles, even just a guest, then that will be one of your band mates, and you'll have to make unique customs for that profile.

The order of your stand-ins determines their instrument--swap their placement, and they swap roles in the band. 




 Tahj Mowry 




 The part stands for the whole: the individual stands for humanity, art stands for existence, moments stand for eternity, etc. 




 it means you have a message--maybe it's from demons, but probably not. 




 I loved you in Garden State. 




 ... and it's totally misattributed. 




 I think that our greed for reward and recognition are the origins of seemingly altruistic behavior, but that we're [capable of developing](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kohlberg%27s_stages_of_moral_development) intellectually toward something approximating genuine selflessness. 




 I wasn't aware of L'Hpital's rule, thanks for introducing me!

My brief research suggests that /= an indeterminate constant, since that equation might express different rates of infinity. That said, I think that for the purposes of Zeno's paradox, we can assume that these infinities progress at a rate equal to whatever ratio we use in our other subdivisions--that doesn't necessarily equal 1, but it will match a constant speed, which speaks to the point I was trying to make. Is that a fair assessment? 




 I feel like Zeno only accounts for one side of the equation; if you look at it as percentage of time over percentage of distance covered, you can't halve one without halving the other, which maintains the ratio for a constant. Infinity is weird, but if you infinitize the bit on the bottom, it really does add up to a sensible number when you account for the top: /=1 




 Great work, that's quite professional! 




 The annoyed/thumbs up dynamic is way more appealing than that rage/troll face shit. Probably a lot more realistic, too. 




 i was being lazy and didn't bother to track it down, consider your link the authoritative version. 




 This is definitely awesome, but I must stress that you *must refrain when your child becomes a teenager!* [You may then resume when she goes to college.](http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_l7rtydb0gN1qdoypuo1_500.png) 




 fantastic puzzle game, and one of my favorite mario titles. 









 There are a lot of problems here. The film's mythology consists of a lot of silly and arbitrary rules, the script often oscillates between over-explanation and cheese, and the Bureau member characterizations are distractingly inconsistent.

That said, I liked the movie. Matt Damon kills it, the central romance worked for me, and most importantly, the film engages with interesting notions of choice, and ultimately delivers a smart and fairly distinct perspective (thematic spoilers): Usually, we allow our circumstances to define us and keep our choices within a predictable trajectory; "free will" in the classic sense is possible, but requires us to push back against our circumstances pretty damn hard. That's the sort of ambition that I like to see in movies like this, which is why I'm willing to be pretty charitable toward the Adjustment Bureau. 




