 Jeez, that's rough, I'm sorry. I didn't even think about the tier 3 into tier 4 stores. You guys don't have the ops position and the ssm is probably guaranteed the assistant unless they suck. God its messed up. 

Sorry again, hopefully you get enough severance to get by for awhile. 




 $12.95. FT team supervisor,  been with the company two and a half years. Started as a cashier making $9.50. 




 I couldn't believe the message from Cross Channel "this was intentional so the customer can't use the coupon and has to pay the full price"... WHAT.

I was pissed. It's not like these morons that write the ad have to deal with the irritated customer. 

I kept trying to order a desktop from the ad for a customer from the kiosk so they could use the $100 off coupon, it kept saying it was not available in my area. So I went on my phone and tried to order it and it brought me to the credit card page just fine.

LUCKILY we had one in the back that was returned from like July and it was in perfect working condition.  




 Of course you can, they can't tell you "no you can't quit," but don't expect a good reference or to be rehireable.  




 Solution Builder is the easiest thing in the world to use. I feel weird now even using the register to ring up something than a color or black and white copy. Self serve SKUs do not count against you, my store uses them all the time and we have frequently been in the 99-100% range.

Here's a tip: Don't even bother with the whole "what's your first name, last name, blah blah". It's a waste. I make up all the information, print out the payment ticket, and then ask for their rewards information at the register. If they are a regular customer, sure I'll put in their rewards number at the kiosk, but for most people I just make up the information. It's so much faster and hasn't hurt my store in any way.

I don't know what counts against us more, conversion or DPT. I think it's conversion, which is why I don't give a fuck if someone wants one black and white copy. I'll ring it out. It looks better than someone who walked in without spending any money.

The express card thing makes no sense. Because you can't give someone an express card for 12 cents without ringing it out at the register. Which counts towards your DPT... soooo. And if grandma doesn't have a debit card and wants a copy of her social security letter, she's gonna get one from me. I'm not gonna make her get a card, put a dollar on it, haul her ass over to the self-serve copier, make the copy for her, then cash out her card and give her the remaining 88 cents. 

Come on. That's just shitty customer service.

If you are BLATANTLY going against company policy, like saying fuck solution builder. Then yeah that's a reason to get fired. So just use it and you'll be fine. 




 We usually get 6 or 7 pallets per week, occasionally 8 or 9. This used to take us maximum two days. Now usually 4-5 days.

We do about 7-10k a day, have one tech in the whole store, a tech supervisor, one copy center associate and a copy center supervisor, four or five cashiers (but most of them can only work 2 or 3 days a week so there is rarely any overlap), an IS, and a PT team supervisor. And me. No GM.

That's our whole staff. It's usually me that does most of the truck, with a little help here and there. Pretty pathetic. 




 Shit's hard everywhere, man.

This is retail. You're going to either bust your ass, work way harder than you should for meager pay and not enough hours or no recognition OR you're going to slack off, not give a shit, and do the bare minimum for the same pay and not enough hours and no recognition. It all depends on what kind of person you are.

I bust my ass. My store has been without a GM for close to a month. I am running my store with like, seven associates TOTAL, an IS, a copy center lead, and a tech lead. The only saving grace is my DM is allowing me and the other fulltimers overtime. But I know, that once we do get a GM, no one is going to hand me a bunch of stars points or give me a pat on the back. Even though my associates and I are working our asses off. 

I'm not a GM but I do know it's fucking hard not allowing the associates to work over 25 hours. They're complaining and it's harder than hell to get every area of the store adequately covered. 

Staples IS a joke. It's ridiculous. And it's only going to get worse. So, I hate to say it, but if you can't handle it then get out now. Because stores are going to start closing (more of them), kiosk sales are going to become more and more important, and hours are going to decrease further. I've been with the company two and a half years and things were really good back then -- we had like, 16 associates, an assistant manager, and all the leads. But as time has gone on... less and less associates, less and less hours allotted... now we don't even have a GM and no sight of one in the near future.

You have a job. Yeah it probably sucks but either way you're getting paid. If you don't like it, find something else.

And yeah, even as a team supervisor I have returned year-old printers, handed those coupons out like fucking crazy... because it's not my money. If the company wants to keep customers coming back, then that's what I'll help do. It's part of the job. 




 Nope. My store doesn't drug test and I don't think any in my district do. 




 They really should have made it free with any purchase or something because this shit's ridiculous. 

People were trying to do like 20 cases when it clearly says one per customer. It was just stupid. And I guarantee half of them are going to be back tomorrow. 

Luckily we're almost out. Tempted to hang a sign outside when we inevitably do run out so people don't fuck with our conversion rate. 




 Does anyone else do like, a shit ton of manual returns?

I did four today alone. Usually I do a couple a week, at least, and I'm always afraid corporate is going to be like "wtf" because I'm sure they monitor it. Because, lbr, it's super easy to rip off the company that way. 

I have explanations for all of them but I'm still paranoid. Has anyone ever gotten talked to about manual returns?  




 Dude fuck the ink planogram. I spent a 12 hour shift and than another four hours doing that stupid thing. What a waste. 

And I know. I had to set up two huge ass tables of crap and a ton of bulk stacks. Yay for upstocking it all again in a couple days!

We have these fucking 20% off bag coupons every few months, they're nothing new.  




 Definitely Interstellar. 

Also excited for Gone Girl and Fury. 




 Occasionally I'll just go on Netflix and watch a random movie without every hearing anything about it. I've discovered some really great movies that way.

Last night I watched The Frozen Ground, which was pretty fantastic. Also coming to mind is Dear Zachary, It's a Disaster, The Imposter, and The Woman Who Wasn't There. 

What about you guys? Any great discoveries? 




