 Days.  




 Well no one even knows for sure that happened in the Mike Brown situation, but it is fairly possible it was justified and at least we know Mike Brown had just committed a violent crime. Also, the officer in question is no longer a cop. In this case a cop admits to improperly handling a firearm and shooting a completely innocent man, and he is still a cop working in mass. 




 There's simply nothing the US Military likes more than fighting conventional. 




 Everyone is rallying for Mike Brown when we have a way worse story in our own back yard http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/05/14/raid-of-the-day-eurie-sta_n_3273127.html 




 Say hi to ISIS for me 




 maybe to you, wierdo 




 You actually can get limited nutrients rectally. From what I've read it seems like the rectal feedings may have initially been inspired by hunger strikes but were also used to demoralize the prisoners. 




 Yea deployment can suck because it isn't uncommon to literally work 12-16 hours a day for months on end with no days off. At least you get combat pay and are tax exempt. 




 Supposedly the rectal feedings conducted by the CIA torture program included hummus. 




 Still butthurt about the hummus Abdul? 




 I'll take the "ok with moderately abusing terrorists" vs "ok with murdering people for the wrong religion" stereotype any day. 




 Yea, I don't think we should be torturing anyone (even terrorists). However, when people say things like "All americans have blood on their hands" or "Now america has no credibility" and in the same breath say we shouldn't be judging muslims based on the actions of a few...I have to laugh. 




 See the thing is....purposely killing thousands of civilians vs mistreating several dozen terrorists is about ten orders of magnitude separate on the evil scale. Millions upon millions of muslims support terrorism against civilians in the name of islam. Our culture, while not perfect, is objectively superior. http://www.pewglobal.org/2014/07/01/concerns-about-islamic-extremism-on-the-rise-in-middle-east/pg-2014-07-01-islamic-extremism-10/ 




 No you are right. What I'm saying is western culture is objectively superior to middle-eastern/west-asian muslim culture. 




 Where'd you get that number? The senate report said the CIA held 119 detainees. 




 lol 




 Thats fine, I stigmatize middle-eastern and west-asian muslims all day long. 




 Thats nice, however I left the military long ago and the only one here with a mental illness is you. :) 




 LOL. Don't worry, if you kick the drugs one day you might get a real job with real responsibility and have to make tough choices.  




 No, it sounds more like they were just watching it happen. You generally aren't supposed to interfere with the actions of the local security forces because technically you are just there to "assist" them. Government forces would frequently just execute taliban after we turned them over to their custody. Their country, their rules. Colonialism isn't cool anymore. 




 That was allegedly by Iraqi guards. This is common in their culture. In Afghanistan I saw plenty of pedos up to no good. 




 Hey, the torture program was wrong. I'm not defending it. But how many people did we torture over a decade or so? A couple dozen? This moment, literally as I type this, Islamic Extremists are torturing more people than that. Not water boarding. Not sleep deprivation. Not rectal feeding. Not slapping and kicking. No, rather power tools and cut your dick off kind of torture. 




 You're saying we couldn't do it because we'd be hypocrites? Fuck, people do that shit all the time. We tell Iran they can't have nukes....we INVENTED nukes and we're the only people who have ever used them. 




 Why isn't ISIS a government? Because they don't hold elections? Because they acquire territory through application of force? How is it that the USA come to be? They are the sole source of authority in an area larger than many countries. They administer the areas the control. They may be an autocratic state but they are certainly a state. Literally hundreds of millions of muslims support the actions of ISIL/Al Nusra/Hamas/Al Quada/Taliban etc. You can judge the group that allows such things to happen or you can judge just those individuals personally responsible but you don't get to pick and choose when to do so. I don't support torture, by anyone, however the evils committed in recent years in the name of Islam and in the name of American foreign policy aren't even in the same galaxy.  




 Yea. And we would. Whatabousism isn't a valid defense when you are in the custody of your former enemies. Ask the Germans at Nuremberg. 




 just a small point, your first source has norway and switzerland listed as higher 




 If there were physicians overseeing interrogations and they are identified I wouldn't be at all surprised if they lose their license. 




 Hey, don't stigmatize a whole religion for the actions of a few hundred thousand people. Thats reserved for the USA because a few douchebags shoved hummus up a guys ass. 




 Yea...I bet they'll destroy their economies over some rectal feeding 




 oh the homoeroticism is strong in macho cultures
http://terminallance.com/2010/04/30/terminal-lance-34-its-already-gay/
http://terminallance.com/2012/09/04/terminal-lance-223-what-happens-in-the-field-stays-in-the-field/ 




 If we go to war with China I fully expect American service members to be tortured (as they were during the Korean War). I'm not defending torture, just objecting to the notion that following the rules of war in someway protect our people from torture.  




 I really, really, doubt it. I dunno about you but my experience with this has been in the infantry which is a very macho culture. 




 rape or beheading...I'll take the rape please...but seriously captured Americans will likely get both. 




 Do you really think anyone in the American Military that is captured by an Islamic extremist organization is going to be treated as a POW? 




 Totally true. Seen this happen to a kid that was faking heat stroke. 




 Do they have medical licenses? Did they take the Hippocratic oath? They are not medical doctors. 









 why, you wanna hire them to violate you? 




 It is common knowledge in America.  




 The jacked guy in the foreground is Tom Miller, Switzer's boyfriend who proceeded to deck Semple. 




 c'mon guys, coalition forces are the bad guys, right? right? 




 Lol "in a trailerpark"  




 It is possible that more than one media organization should be driven by profit motives to sensationalize the news. 




 I love how you got downvoted for pointing out the obvious holes in the assumption that this had to be a lynching. People want this to be a lynching so its gonna be a lynching, facts notwithstanding. 




 They also love Subaru wagons. I remember a terp asking me about cars in america. He was like, "If you want to buy 10 year old carolla, how much would it be? I said "I'm not sure, maybe around four thousand dollars." He was very sad and was like, "Oh, I could never pay for this." I then explained that this might be about 1/10th of a yearly salary for a middle class person and he cheered up. 




 Not really, plenty of white americans have been lynched. It just means an extrajudicial killing, typically by hanging. 




 http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2014/oct/09/-sp-north-carolina-teenager-suspicious-death-lennon-lacy

This is a picture of the crossbar.....it seems pretty easy to imagine how he could have got up on the beam. 




 They are false flag initiated by cops to increase their own salaries. ALWAYS  FOLLOW THE MONEY!!!!!!  --- What the protesters would say about any other topic. 




 "Protest against police pays for christmas shopping by police officers" 




 Just send Paulie and Furio over 




 Hey! I was there sept 2010 to march 2011. When I was there the area around Himmel was very quiet regarding small arms fire (only one incident) but there were still constant IED strikes in the western wadi where trucks had to cross from FOB Eddy.  Rasheed Gardens had a reputation based on what it was like when you were there, but we went through many times and never had a problem (even spent a few nights in their on ambush). The Taliban mostly stuck to the North, South, and East of the DC. If you went more then about 1-2KM in any of those directions you would get shot at. Within that perimeter there were still IED strikes, but like you said, they left coalition alone. They did hit patrols of ANA and ANP pretty close in a few times. We always thought it was kind of funny.....like we'd walk down a road 500 times and never have a problem...then you send some ANA down and all hell breaks loose. We heard you guys used to have a 105mm howitzer up on Roshan Tower for direct fire. There were still lots of holes in compounds along the eastern side of the eastern wadi as a reminder of this. 




 If the HBS guy hits a protester obstructing traffic on a bicycle with his BMW and then parks in front of a hydrant this city will burn.  




 Well I've seen it happen. Most ieds in afghanistan are HME consisting of powdered metals and fertilizer (not to go into too much detail) which is bullet sensitive. People in the USA market a similar produce for recreational target shooting. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUyQqJi1_DY 




 Points are goals+assists 




 If a bunch of anti-abortion protesters sat down in the middle of the road and blocked your bike race, would you be more or less likely to support their cause? 




 The idea that America destroyed Afghanistan's infrastructure in 2001 is literally the stupidest thing I have ever heard on reddit. 




 Depends on the type. Many IEDs will trigger via a gunshot. Sometimes they are rigged up in trees to rain shrapnel down. These are known as directional fragmentation charge IEDs. 




 Sometimes they do. We were watching some dude dig a hole outside our cop. Suddenly there is an explosion and a guy missing both hands shows up at our place looking for medical attention.....oops 




 No. They are using the term "land mine" loosely. Most of these are IEDs laid in my Taliban. There ARE tons of landmines left over from the Russian war but they are generally in unpopulated areas that people have largely abandoned or surface laid because there were air/artillery dropped. The real danger is the ieds laid in populated areas to target the coalition. 




 Because if you lay in mines you don't want anyone removing them. 




 That's offensive to real stupid people and their families. End the S word. 




 Cried like a bitch at the gun range over a girl....how much more unfit can you get? 




 US Marine here. Between 2010 and 2011 my battalion was conducting counter insurgency operations in and around Musa Qala in Helmand Province. I stayed at OP Himmel for a few weeks and it has always stuck in my mind because it was a really pretty position built in the "motte-and-bailey" tradition and it very neatly commanded a narrow pass between two wadis. At the time it was pretty quiet other then some IEDs but we were told it was wild back when it was a british position. Anyone pass some time there? 




 A very significant part of training these days is focused on winning hearts and minds and minimizing force even when under hostile fire. Wouldn't it be nice if cops had been shot at a bunch before by real bad guys with PKMs and RPGs so they don't panic and open up at the slightest provocation? 




 Well if they keep the cops happy with a legal bribe maybe the cops will be less likely to ticket them for violating hackney carriage laws.  




 Yea, or maybe it was the 3000 people Bin Laden killed and the Taliban refusing to hand him over. On second thought, no, a 12 year old article that quotes other news sources and an israeli peace activist probably holds the truth. How could we all be so blind?   




 That is how it is done in many other nations (with regard to federal training). I would suggest moving the officers whenever promoted to avoid familiarity. I don't think forcing cops to get a BS in math or science is doing anything other than contributing to our student debt crisis and degree value deflation. 




 Between 18,000-20,000 since 2001. Between 75%-80% killed by the Taliban according to Brown university and the UN. That would leave the coalition responsible for a max of 5000 civilian deaths over 13 years. The level of evidence is probably pretty similar to what you see in many american swat raids. 




 Didn't see one oil well in Afghanistan. 




 Yea, who wouldn't want a fairly well paying union job with good benefits vs Walmart.... 




 Don't you love it when civilians tell you how you are trained? 




 In the last decade or so soldiers have done A LOT of "protecting and serving" 




 The police is hardly a combative lifestyle. It's 99.9 percent giving tickets, driving around, and directing traffic. Most cops never fire their gun. Most combat vets realize this and the reason some become cops is because they know it is an easy job they are qualified for that pays fairly well. I'd be most worried about non vets that join the police and "want to go swat" from the beginning. 




 PAID OFF 




 Well that sounds better than "MW paid me 2 million dollars to say this." 




 I also think ex-soldiers, that where in combat, shouldn't be police officers.

Why? They probably have a better idea of what a reasonable use of force is than someone who signed up to carry a gun but was too afraid to go overseas. You might be surprised to know that the level of force to effect arrests in Afghanistan in the last 5 years is probably less than a swat raid in the USA. 




 I think they just shoot you 




 Their facebook is mostly fat old white dudes playing golf. https://www.facebook.com/pages/NEMLEC-Police-Foundation-Inc/337163706326925 




 Were the machine guns made before 1986? NO. Are suppressors, "assault weapons" or "high-capacity magazines" made post 1994 legal in MA? NO. Did they pay for a $200.00 tax stamp for the SBSs, SBRs, and flashbangs? NO. 




 How about 5 years in federal prison for every one of those illegal machine-guns, suppressors, short-barreled rifles, short-barreled shotguns, and flashbangs? Then 5 years in state prison for each one of those "assault-weapons and "high-capacity magazines." 




 Right over your head. 




 It's "let's pretend it's 2007 again" week for the democrats. 




 Don't forget, BAH for the GI bill is getting CUT 1%. 




 Hipster Fight! 




 I nominate you. See you on the beach. 




 Follow the advice of the other posters regarding meeting with your career councilor, getting your resume set, and applying NOW. As I said before, the UMass system in worcester may be an option for employment, and the cost of living is cheap (my friend pays 650 for a 1 bedroom). Alternatively living in JP with some roommates could cost about the same, give you easy T access (no car needed) to A LOT of jobs, and be a real way to get out of the rut it sort of sounds like you are in. I suppose the place probably wouldn't be as nice as your house, but living in a crappy apartment with roommates is kind of THE way a lot of people have the most fun in their youth. You'll meet a bunch of new people and maybe find some direction. 




 I suppose everyone would have been better off if we just let the USSR do what they wanted. 




 At this point I would say so. 




 Thanks, it is a critical skill for functional people people.  




 Don't you know...the USA is responsible for everything bad that ever happened. In fact, did you know that violence and racism were invented by republicans in 1945? Fuck, we live in the most peaceful time in history...which is pretty much exactly concurrent with the level of American dominance on the world stage.  




 Most of the world can't handle democracy. 




 I lot of teenagers think the USSR and the Cold War were just something made up by mean old republicans to abuse brown people. 




 Do you feel guilty? Funny...I don't. 




 Do you have the check from the bank/can you access it online? 




 Did he deposit the check? If he didn't, cancel payment, if he did you should be able to find out who he is. This is fraud, report it to the police. 




 It means fuuuuckkk you (spits tobacco).... 'Murica 




 NO, you get their natural resources, plus you still need arms to defend against incursions from surrounding areas.  




 Yea, or you could just limit it to men over 14. 




 If we had just executed all detainees in Iraq there wouldn't be ISIS either...Seriously, why give this guy a mouthpiece? True or not, everything he says publicly is specifically designed to hurt the west and boost his cause. 




 Watch your cornhole bud (I mean seriously they will force corn up your ass) 




 Harvard member as well. Too busy to do much shooting these days. 




 Have you looked into getting a full time job? Based on your posting history you live near Boston which has a pretty good job market. The cost of living is high but if you have roommates it wouldn't be too bad. You could enjoy "the prime of your life," build a resume, pay down your loans, and decide if going back to school is right for you. EDIT. Worcester may be a good option as well, with lower rent. The Umass Medical system has a lot of jobs that may fit your degree. 




 "condemn" the action, begin an independent investigation, ask to send UN representatives to US detention facilities, anything that could at least spark a reasoned debate....not proclaim things you have no ability to enforce and will never happen. 




 LETS DO THIS-LEEEEERROOY JENKINS!!! *flexes and shoots gun in the air 




