 Really have to say thanks for alerting me to the Facebook posts. They're a real gold-mine of extremism, insanity and hypocrisy. 




 "I'm far far less likely to be a victim of rape"

Yet far, far more likely to be a victim of violence overall and far more likely to be murdered - not sure why you have to just single out one particular type of serious and ignore everything else (including more serious crimes)

and I will, on average, earn more throughout my life

On the condition that you work longer hours, commute much further, work harder, work at night, in more dangerous and less popular fields. 97% of the victims of workplace deaths are male.
 




 Actually I've managed to find the Facebook post in question, funnily enough you've misrepresented the content and furthermore its by a guy who's Facebook main profile picture clearly endorses "ultra violence".

So who are we to favour and trust here, a group campaigning for human rights and against violence, genital mutilation and abuse, or for someone who openly supports violence (and then who's buddies then practice it). 




 That's highly unlikely given the mild mannered personalities of most of the candidates. Ray Barry was there for one thing, and he's about the nicest guy you could wish to meet. Any chance you could share the Facebook link so we can see the allegations?

As for justice, you need it from the government for a start. There are a least 20 areas of law and government activity that discriminate against men and boys. 




 In all fairness, they were pretty quick in starting the recording. 
























 Would be interesting to find out who was responsible. 




 Hopefully someone can identify the perpetrator. 


































 There is sometimes violence and intimidation from the far left, though most of the time it's nothing the police wouldn't be able to handle if they actually did their jobs rather than standing by and letting it happen. By failing to tackle the problem the police have in effect encouraged opponents to use violence.

I certainly haven't seen any violence by UKIP members themselves (other than maybe a guy slapping a biased journalist over the head with a piece of paper) 




 To clarify - the leader of the Green party is a woman, their sole MP is a woman (who was also their former leader and in many ways still has the role), and their representative in the House of Lords is a woman. To be fair, the was one male allowed at teh launch, though if you watch the video he's pushed off to the right so he's not sitting behind the table where the other three are.

Source for gender-balance quote: http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/donald-macintyres-sketch-fifty-shades-of-green--but-no-sign-of-policy-10068118.html

Video: http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/thought-natalie-bennetts-interview-bad-5221446

Oh and they have a prisons policy that women basically shouldn't be locked up. 














 Partly true, though the bias on men's issues on the site is far worse than any other topic I've come across. Furthermore, it is actually possible to at least partially counter bias on other topics when you find it, whereas with men's issues there is just so much control by radical feminists that even getting outright lies removed is almost impossible. 









 What about a Labour gathering in Rotherham? 









 UKIP is the only major party in the UK to support shared parenting, so they're actually one of the most child-friendly party we have.

Furthermore, Labour, Liberals Democrats and the Conservatives have a history of child abuse scandals, with Labour in particular being heavily associated with covering up industrial scale child abuse. 















































































 Great performance by Peter, though could have brought up fathers rights sooner. 









 Don't forget to buy KC's book "until proven innocent". The following is a review: http://www.nytimes.com/2007/09/16/books/review/Rosen-t.html?_r=0
 




 Actually there are multiple forms of FGM, some more severe and harmful than MGM but others less so too.

it's impossible to say which is worse without defining which specific type of FGM we're talking about. And I dare say that most victims of FGM have plenty of offspring too. 














 She's a known perpetrator of domestic violence too 














 Big increases in male unemployment in the early 80s, particularly in that area, and then a real struggle for middle-aged men to them find an alternative career. I'd guess most men don't kill themselves when losing their job, only doing so after years and years of unemployment/rejection and finally realising they're not really wanted or valued by society any more. Therefore, we'd see a big delay between the actual job losses and the suicides later resulting from them. 



















 "Oyinbo" is racist Nigerian slang for a white person. I didn't know this until reading this thread, so I doubt a single mother faking a racist attack would think it up either. Therefore this is likely to be 100% genuine. 




 Actually the use of obscure Nigerian slang makes this case seem far more legitimate than all the various scams that we've seen over the years. So unless the victim has spent time in Nigeria then I'd believe this particular case to be genuine. 





























 Great performance form Mike there, particularly in the last few minutes.

Was also good to see a host actually challenge a feminist and ask hard questions, thus resulting in her arguments completely falling apart. 




 there's some very strange going on with regards to this case and all the related incidents.

I feel this is a timely reminder for all men's human rights activists to be on their guard at all times, record all interactions wit feminists and the authorities and also strongly consider installing CCTV and perhaps a dash cam too. 









 Are you sure? The only similar item posted recently is Mike's Radio Five live interview, a completely different station.

Maybe someone linked to the BBC Leicester website previously that  missed, though that content will expire anyhow, so this is likely to be the better version in the long term. 




 Genital mutilation is the most obvious sexist application of law. All western countries completely protect a baby girl's genitals from even a pin-prick, whereas not a single one offers any protection to the most sensitive and intimate part of a male child. Worse still, some countries (or at least parts of them) then go on to take money from taxypayers and then use it to fund the genital mutilation of these innocent children. 




 What a vile presenter. Note how she can't even manage a 7 minute interview without resorting to shaming tactics. 









 Seems to be somehow connected to the university/students perhaps? 


































  In any case, what I was talking about was the increase in suicides in recent years - to which societal attitudes to men in the above cases haven't changed (that I've noticed) 

That's absolutely correct. However, there are far more divorces than 20 years ago, unfair divorce settlements are more common and the male prison population is at/near a record high too.

So, although the average man facing these problems probably has it only slightly worse than in the past, what compounds the problem there are simply far more men in these desperate and unfair situations, thus more suicides.

As for your points about the availability of government funding, that's total nonsense. The government spends hundreds of millions of pounds helping victims of abuse, it's just that almost none of it goes to the 40% of victims that are male.

I managed to number crunch the figures for spending on Scotland a few years back and break it down by gender. Basically, for every 3,500 spent on female victims of domestic abuse they spent 1 helping males.

I also detest your "prior caregiving" caveat above. Men should get to see their kids regardless of what happened in the past. If they're incapable of caregiving then fair enough, forget it, but otherwise they should have have as much of a chance of a relationship with the kids as the mother. Why should men who are/were primary breadwinners be punished for working so hard in the past and essentially become slaves forced into working for someone they no longer love? 




 I've heard this argument a lot and I'm somewhat sceptical about it. It probably causes a small number of suicides but the fact is that a lot of these men really are in a terrible position, and it's not mental health services that will fix this, they're just papering over the cracks of the real problems the men face.

We see a lot of suicidal fathers who've been denied access to their kids for no good reason for years. Others also lose their homes in outrageous divorce settlements and in fact losing the house often goes hand in hand with losing the right/ability to see their children.

There are also a great many men suffering domestic abuse and trapped in abusive relationships (often just to protect the kids), and the amount of support for such men is beyond scandalous and they're still often barely recognised at all.

Add in other wider issues such as unemployment not to mention a justice system that blatantly discriminates on the grounds of gender and it's obvious that many of these men really do want to kill themselves, understandably so if they've lost everything, and have nothing left to live for.

To stop so many men committing suicide we need things such as introducing shared parenting, support for male victims of abuse, not to mention a gender-blind justice system. Poor mental health and depression in many men is merely a symptom of the problems men face in our society. 














 I should also add how offensive it is to label this book as garbage. It's widely accepted as the best book on this issue, documenting the horrific persecution of innocent young men by corrupt prosecutors and racist/sexist academics.

In addition to the false allegations, the men faced violence, harassment, mobs surrounding their houses calling for their castration and corrupt teachers artificially lowering their grades so they failed classes. The men were of course totally innocent, and a court went as far as declaring as such - a highly unusual outcome.

The vile false accuer in the case who all these "academics" supported wholeheartedly suffered no consequences as a result of her actions. As a result she was free to continue her life on exactly  the same path, resulting in her murdering her boyfriend.

I really suggest you read the book, i's such an important work about a hugely important case. 









 Complete nonsense in so many ways. For one thing, you'll find that the author of the book is KC Johnson, a Democrat who supported Obama:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KC_Johnson#Political_views

 









 Can I at least link to Amazon in the comments so people can navigate to the best price? 




 Can't recommend this book highly enough, and seeing as feminists have been trying to silence the author this week I thought I'd remind people of his best work.

Hopefully this will backfire and he'll get even more sales as a result.

Tip: if you want a bargain, then click on other sellers of the hard cover version on Amazon. It can currently can be had for $10.28, fulfilled by Amazon: 









 Well you can see there's no commission id thingy in the post - it's a very simple url. Anyway, I guess I'll find a review, but it really is easy to tell if anyone is getting paid or not. 




 Can't recommend this book highly enough, and seeing as feminists have been trying to silence the author this week I thought I'd remind people of his best work.

Hopefully this will backfire and he'll get even more sales as a result.


Tip: if you want a bargain, then click on sellers of the hard cover version. It can currently can be had for $10.28, fulfilled by Amazon:

http://www.amazon.com/gp/offer-listing/0312369123/ref=tmm_hrd_new_olp_0?ie=UTF8 condition=new sr=1-1 qid=1424228678 









 KC Johnson is a quite brilliant man. He blogged about the Duke Lacrosse case for the best part of a decade!, and he's the foremost expert on the case by far. On top of all that, he seems like a genuinely nice guy too.

If you haven't read it yet, get yourself a copy of his book right now. I considered it essential reading for anyone interested in men's human rights. 




 KC Johnson is a quite brilliant man. He blogged about the Duke Lacrosse case for the best part of a decade, and he's the foremost expert on the case by far. On top of all that, he seems like a genuinely nice guy too.

If you haven't read it yet, get yourself a copy of his book right now. If you're interested in men's human rights then it's essential reading. 




 I wonder if any Labour party members in Rotherham will have their kids taken away from them? I'd certainly trust this guy with a child far more than that lot. 









 I wonder if they'd also take kids away from Labour Party members in Rotherham? 









 USA:

* National Parents Organization https://nationalparentsorganization.org/
* National Coalition for Men http://ncfm.org/

UK:

* Justice for Men and Boys https://j4mb.wordpress.com
* Mankind Initiative http://www.mankind.org.uk/

Canada:

* Canadian Association for Equality http://equalitycanada.com/


Also consider other groups who focus on one men's issue (e.g. Bloodstained men who focus on MGM) or even non men's groups working in key areas (e.g. Freedom in Education etc) 
























 I missed that, well spotted. The article is even better than I thought. I've already thanked the journalist via twitter, I suggest other express their tanks, either via Tweets or using the comments. 














 Some highlights from the article:



 Student Chris Warwick, 32, of Goldenhill, Stoke-on-Trent, said: If women have a network or society, and so do the LGBT+ community, it is only fair a Mens Rights Society should be allowed.

 And yet the mere mention of the creation of one brings about discussion into whether it should be allowed!

 The Womans Network allegedly finds the creation of the society dangerous. Anyone supporting true equality between sexes wouldnt find this dangerous at all, and so one has to come to the conclusion are they really supporting gender equality? 









 Actually, Mike's quite an accomplished author, he has quite a few books on Amazon. Furthermore, this is one of his more recent works, and therefore an improvement on some of his previous writings. 




 Breakdown of the figures:

* 75 on Amazon.com
* 24 on Amazon.co.uk  http://www.amazon.co.uk/product-reviews/B00795BPEO
* 3 on Amazon.ca  http://www.amazon.ca/Feminism-Ugly-Truth-Mike-Buchanan-ebook/dp/B00795BPEO/ 



















 Pretty unbalanced piece. it highlights all the very rare cases of feminists being silenced, ignoring routine silencing of others.

Where were the condemnations of the goings on in Canada, or closer to home, the treatment of UKIP, Israeli academics etc 




 and the purpose of MGM is to try to stop masturbation / pleasure 



















  The procedures performed in female genital mutilation - even class 4 - have no medical benefits whatsoever. None.

Well for one thing the tissue cannot become cancerous if it is removed so there's a "benefit" (if we hacked off the breast tissue from girls in the same we we butcher boys penises we'd almost completely eliminate breast cancer too).

Anyway, multiple academic studies show a reduction in HIV infections for women who've undergone FGM, so you're talking complete nonsense. Here's two, both from different countries:
http://www.tzonline.org/pdf/femalecircumcisionandhivinfectionintanzania.pdf
http://scholarworks.gsu.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1113 context=iph_theses

other scientific studies show reductions in HPV infections


(And note, in case it isn't' clear, I find all forms of genital mutilation completely barbaric, regardless of the gender of the victim). 




  I would like to see both seen as equally bad.

Well some forms of FGM do clearly cause significantly more harm than MGM so it's not exactly fair to say all cases are equally bad. On the other hand, less severe forms of FGM are actually less harmful than MGM. Therefore FGM is both more and less harmful than MGM, it all depend on which particular type we're talking about. 




 Further study from Kenya shows the same thing:

http://scholarworks.gsu.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1113 context=iph_theses

Probably a good idea to add these to that spreadsheet of essential MRA studies? 









 That's great, the same should apply to MGM. 




   I feel the need to point out that female genial mutilation is in no way, shape or form equivalent to male circumcision in a medical or anatomical way.

Utter nonsense. It's true that the most extreme forms of FGM are significantly more harmful than MGM, but on the other hand, many forms of FGM are entirely comparable with MGM as are all the supposed "benefits". In fact women produce far more smegma than men (10 times more) so in many ways it's 10 times more beneficial (assuming butchering kids genitals is your thing).

Here's the recent comments by a senior UK judge noting that MGM can be more harmful than FGM:
http://www.inside-man.co.uk/2015/01/15/male-circumcision-can-be-worse-than-fgm-rules-senior-judge/ 




 Yes but FGM is also a "private decision" using your logic above. And many forms of FGM are no more monstrous than MGM (and sometimes less so as noted recently by a UK judge). 




 Presumably you feel exactly the same way about FGM? (and FYI all the supposed "benefits" of MGM apply equally to many forms of FGM). 




 They do at least employ Neil Lyndon, so that puts them ahead of 95% of outlets in itself. 




 Thanks. The only reason I linked to the article was because it was only 90% nonsense and becasue it allows comments (and voting on those comments). 



















 MGM is actually funded by the taxpayer in some parts of the UK and carried out in taxpayer funded facilites. 


































 In the UK at least (where the video is from) there just isn't a major issue with huge percentages of male officers not being able to do the job.

The stats for the London police fitness tests were recently released. obviously the standards are  low, but only 1.2% of male officers failed and so it shows that they at least somewhat fit for duty. On the other hand, 8% of female officers failed the test, a quite extraordinary difference. 




 The problem is that by constantly lowering standards for the benefit of women then you're also helping those fat cops.

Furthermore, if these women barely pass the much lower standards when they're new recruits, the just image how useless they're going to be when fat and out of shape. An overweight but quite muscular and tall man is going to be a lot more use in detaining criminals than an equally out of shape female half his size. 




 It's legal if there's a similar session that bans women. 




 She was living in Rotherham from 2008, so that's 7 years she's had in the area. Previous to that she was in Manchester, where again grooming scandals were prominent in surrounding towns. It would be interesting to establish exactly when she first spoke out against the blatant and industrial scale of rape, abuse and exploitation of children. The fact she was also working with children also would increase my expectation of her making such a statement. 




 You don't have to be an MP to speak out against something and as a labour Party member not to mention a citizen of that area she'd be well placed to raise the issue with the previous MP.

I'd say even wanting something done 10 years ago might even be downplaying things. In neighbouring parts of the country these gangs were public knowledge more than 10 years ago, so she could have done anything at any time during more than a whole decade, instead she focuses on irrelevant distractions such as Palestine, even on the day the most damming report was published. 














 Incredible how people can twist things so much in their own mind that they completely turn reality on its head. 




 Haven't seen the film but these things need to be all about context.

The bumbling idiot male concept is fine for occasional use and can be extremely funny not to mention harmless.

The real problem arises when the concept becomes almost the norm and /or when it is accompanied by some sort of equally inaccurate genius / superhero mother which just compounds the problem.

If a company has a history of misandry or producing feminist propaganda then go ahead and boycott such a film. On the other hand, if they don't have a reputation for pushing this kind of bullshit then give them a break and focus on more important issues. 



















 At the very least we should not link to Misandrist articles where comments are disabled (or heavily censored). 




 Yes, but one with more intelligence and insight than almost anyone else one the MSM. It's rare to see someone who actually "gets it" who also has the ability to articulate his message to a large audience in an entertaining and accessible manner. Comedians have a far bigger role in society than simply making us laugh. Comedy can be perhaps the greatest form of activism of all. 




 He makes a great point about how they're empty threats in many cases and that men should sleep in their own beds. I enjoy his material and think he's an extremely funny guy.

However, he does gloss over the plight of the hundreds of thousands of men trapped in abusive relationships. Perhaps their wives can't dominate them physically in a fair 50-50 fight, but there's plenty of knives in the kitchen, not to mention the huge advantage of the surprise attacks. He also ignores that act that the man is not allowed to fight back or defend himself, so there is real danger for many men out there. Poisoning is also favoured by female abusers, which again has nothing to do with strength.

Of course if physical attacks fail then all that's required is a 30 second call to the police falsely alleging abuse and the man is in all sorts of trouble, and the sofa is a much nicer option than a police cell.

The best point to take from the video is that men should not tolerate minor abuses. Those men agreeing to sleep on the sofa are probably the ones who end up as victims of much more serious domestic abuse in future, so it's good to see people taking a stand and encouraging others to do so. 

















































 I see people have added a bunch of 5 star reviews and the book is now in the top 10 feminist theory books on Amazon.com

Excellent work everyone. 









  the party in the area is strong

Well it was strong once, but surely a lot weaker now people have seen how terrible the Green councillors in Brighton turned out to be? Their awful track record has caused a huge amount of damage to the Green Party brand there, and thus her reasons for not using it are blatantly obvious (and extremely sensible) 









 There are now over 60 fake reviews thanks to the campaign by Erin Gibson:
https://j4mb.wordpress.com/2015/01/26/erin-gibson-the-genius-orchestrating-spoiler-reviews-of-feminism-the-ugly-truth-on-amazon-com/

Doesn't seem to be the best strategy though because sales are up significantly. I guess people don't like this kind of thing. What do others think abut this tactic? (and about the book too if you've bought it) 









 The campaign backfired and all the one star reviews generated a lot more interest in the book and thus a lot more sales. While I'm sure a few feminists have bought it, the number is clearly VERY small because none of the reviews mention anything about the content of the book. Therefore most of the sales must be from other people who have been outraged by what the feminists have done and don't like to be told what they can and cannot read. 




 No it's still there, the category only shows below the book if it's in the top 20 sellers. Sales seem to have slowed a little in the last day or two, hence the category isn't showing at present. 




 Not nearly as funny as the huge boost they've given to sales. It was in the top 20 feminist theory books for quite a while following the campaign (and various other top 20s too).

The reasoning behind their spam crusade is pretty hilarious too. The following is the quote from Erin who led the campaign:

**"Lets Internet justice the guy who would like to legislate that less efforts be made to help girls into STEM careers."**

Think about that for a second, J4M B are simply suggesting the government doesn't give thousand of ponds of taxpayer money to women simply for going to university while the same money is denied to men. He's not introducing any evil legislation banning women in science, he just wants equality of opportunity, yet the feminists intentionally twist the truth.

The whole campaign is based on a lie, and that of course is typical of feminism. Perhaps an updated version of the book will outline this whole saga as yet another example of just how ugly (and stupid) feminism can be 




 * 51 on amazon.com:  http://www.amazon.com/Feminism-Ugly-Truth-Mike-Buchanan-ebook/dp/B00795BPEO/
* 2 on Amazon.ca:  http://www.amazon.ca/Feminism-Ugly-Truth-Mike-Buchanan-ebook/dp/B00795BPEO
* 8 on Amazon.co.uk:  http://www.amazon.co.uk/Feminism-Ugly-Truth-Mike-Buchanan-ebook/dp/B00795BPEO

 














  anti-circumcision people

I'm not anti-circumcision. It's a completely appropriate and very useful surgery for a very small number of children and men who have significant issues with their foreskin and for whom other less severe option will not work. It should just be the last resort, as with all other amputations. 




 If they are going to "educate" on the benefits then they also need to educate on the harms. It's not education if you're only telling people 10% of the story. 




 Because all the "benefits" are massively less than the huge amount of harm and damage caused by both procedures and it's complete insanity to amputate healthy and important tissue, particularly in that area of the body. 




 Well how about we educate teenage girls about the "benefits" of fgm? Pretty much all "benefits" of MGM apply to the more moderate forms of FGM. And the "benefits" of removing breast tissue from teenage girls would be greater still. 









 What the hell is going on? 














 Half of the MPs from his party are projected to lose their seats at the next election (100 days from now). Lets hops he's one of them. 




 Just in case people doubt that this is a pussypass, here's the reality of the sentence. In the UK only those with long sentences tend to serve the full term. Your typical prison sentenced to 1 year will only serve around six months in prison! 









 No, feminist want equal rights for women but not equal responsibilities. 




 Related post: https://j4mb.wordpress.com/2015/01/28/the-code-of-conduct-signed-by-vera-baird-qc-in-november-2012/ 
























 The one term that's really worked is adding "human" to the title. Radical feminists hate to acknowledge that men are human beings, and they really couldn't stand those "men's rights are human rights" posters. 




 Mike only opposes radical feminism, though he argues that's been the only type of feminism of any significance in the west in the last 40+ years.

Also, bear in mind that there are an awful lot of inaccuracies in this article, a feature of almost all the J4M B coverage in the last fortnight. 









 Various ranks listed at the bottom of the page, the highest it charted at so far was 13th in the feminist theory section.

http://www.amazon.com/Feminism-Ugly-Truth-Mike-Buchanan-ebook/dp/B00795BPEO/

For reference, it was ranked as low as around 250,000 before the feminists got involved. 









 35 fake 1-star reviews in 3 days, none of winch actually critique any of the content of the book:

http://www.amazon.com/Feminism-Ugly-Truth-Mike-Buchanan-ebook/dp/B00795BPEO/ 









 Here's the Amazon.ca link:
http://www.amazon.ca/Feminism-Ugly-Truth-Mike-Buchanan-ebook/dp/B00795BPEO/

Canadian feminists have only managed a couple of 1-star reviews so far. 




  Haven't the paris shootings said anything about trying to burn a book?

The organiser actually has "je suis Charlie" as her Twitter image! The lack of lack of self awareness is astonishing. 




 Exactly,

If they actually left critical reviews that pointed to possible flaws in the arguments or challenged perhaps the very worst source used then that would be great, but they just can't debate with others because they know they'll lose. 




 A quote from the feminist behind the campaign to leave all the negative reviews:

"Someone gave Mike a toothy blow job and now he hates all women. Heres a shining example of some of his work available on Amazon. Ive already written a review, sarcastically titled Good Book, Bad Fonts. **Lets Internet justice the guy who would like to legislate that less efforts be made to help girls into STEM careers.**" 




