 Werewolf! 




 I was by myself. I just couldn't understand what I was watching. Maybe I should rewatch it. 




 I really am sorry. I'm just the worst person alive.  









 It certainly does fit the show. 




 You're right, after sitting through the whole series, I shouldn't have been surprised. 

I have no one to blame but myself. 




 Yes - this is it. It was awful, just...awful 




 I've run naked through traffic with my eyes closed TONS of times and I have only been hit once. Take THAT science. 




 I just didn't believe that then aliens would be convinced to leave by that speech. Aside from that, I loved it. 




 God that movie fills me with rage.  




 Life Is Beautiful. That film me broke me. 




 You didn't like Avengers? 




 I feel so embarrassed how disturbing I found those suicides  




 You think Goodfellas is a bad movie???? 




 For me, I love Bisons 'Tuesday' speech in Street Fighter. So camp. So evil.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GlhOUyy4wbs 




 I saw this in a movie about a bus that had to SPEED around the city, keeping its SPEED over fifty, and if its SPEED dropped, it would explode! I think it was called...
http://www.tshirtlaundry.com/assets/images/photos/Speed2-14-2012-2.jpg 




 But everyone was too scared to tell him to his face 




 I don't know the context of his remarks but, based on what I know about Smith, he's talking about mean spirited critics and internet haters.

Constructive criticism, honest feedback and a strong editorial hand provide the difference between a professional novel and then inane ramblings of a wannabe writer.  




 I had the same problem with jeans from another shop. I was wearing them too low. 




 ...of domestic abuse and unrepentant attackers?  




 The top comment is a link to a poster for the 1986 cartoon. All of the positive comments under that relate to that movie, not the Bay films. 




 I have a connection to the early 80's film and had a knee jerk reaction to her having straight hair in 99. 

 




 Skyfall: [](#s "Silva achieved his goal of killing M. The only difference is that more people died because of Bond's involvement.") 




 This would be my pick. 




 That's the one! It wasn't a great movie but it stuck in my head for some reason. 




 IF you pay, they'll want more. If you refuse to pay, they'll expose you.

The best idea would be to waste their time. Slow down the process. Ask them questions about Western Union. Make excuses. Act confused. 

There is a chance they will just expose you anyway but the scammer knows he can only expose you once and so will be unlikely to give up on you if he just thinks you're incompetent. 

 




 Aside from scam baiting them, there isn't a lot you can do. Depending on the country of origin, scam baiting CAN be effective in slowing down the swindlers.

If the scam came from Nigeria, chances are it's linked to organised time and all you'd be doing is wasting the time of some low level wage slave.

If the scam came from Ghana then you'd be dealing with a sole trader whose time is precious and who can't afford to waste time on red herrings and dead ends. 

Realistically, the best thing you and your friend can do is tell the story to as many people as possible. The more people who know, the harder it is for the scammers. 




 I have. Couple of laptops, phones etc. 




 Not that I can tell. It's an old house so there could be. I think the cabling from the street to the socket might be the problem. 




 Preston 




 I don't have a phone, just the cord going into the wall. Will a filter make a difference? 




 Good idea!  




 Brand new!  




 A group of university students accidentally kill a girl and dispose of the body. One of the groups gets arrested that night for stealing a car that was involved in the girl's death. The rest of the group let him go to prison for the car theft.

Years later, he gets out of prison and begins tormenting the group with what they did, threatening their now perfect lives. 

At the end of the movie  [spoiler](/s "the tormenter forces the group to help dig up the girl's body. Thinking he is about to expose them all they kill the man. They then discover the shallow grave actually contains a dummer. They then find out the girl was never murdered and that the death was an elaborate prank. He never told them it was a prank because they let him go to jail for the car theft. ") 




 That's the only thing left to replace. Hopefully it won't come to that! 




 Both! But wired is slightly better. 




 It works slightly better plugged in but still drops out. I've tried two different modems. Thanks. 




 Netgear
Yes
No
No
No

It is near an old gas heater.

Thanks! 




 I've replaced every piece of equipment in the house, TPG has run a dozen line checks, Telstra has come out twice to check the line too but I still have spotting internet that drops out all the time.

Is there a company that I can pay to come and sort this shit out for me? 




 I've been out of the game for a long time. In my day, we did it all with overhead projectors and slides.  




 The rap version in Austin Powers is a parody of the Jay-Z version of the song Ghetto Anthem.  




 Should have written it in braille! 









 Worked for me too. 




 Last Action Hero, while a fun movie was panned at the time for being endemic of the bloated budget, mindless action movies of the time. Ironically, it was criticised for being the very kind of film it was trying to parody.

The project was passed from director to director and screenwriter to screenwriter taking on comedy, action and fantasy elements as it went. One minute the film is a sad tale about a boy who worships the movie, the next a rollicking adventure adventure and then suddenly a child gets thrown to his death off a building. And oh look, an animated cat.

The studio just kept throwing money and resources at the movie trying to make it into the summer blockbuster it could never be.

And then Jurassic Park was released in the same week and the whole thing fell apart. The movie, which isn't awful, was humiliated by the success of both Spielburg's film and Sleepless in Seattle.

For more, read Hit and Run by Nancy Griffin. 




 My mighty heart is breaking 




 Monty Python and The Holy Grail is the ultimate sudden ending.
 




 
Most of Hitchcock's films have sudden endings. Take North by Northwest.  [](#s " Heroine is hanging off Mount Rushmore. Hero pulls her up. Cut to hero pulling her up onto top bunk some time later laughing and chatting. Train goes through tunnel. The End.") 




 It also highlights Walt and Jesse's move into the big time and what a slick operation Gus runs. 




 I read this as "Micheal Bay to remake Citizen Kane." 




 She was the mean judge and was rude to contestants.  




 I am the wordbank

Woolloomooloo. 




 "Bloody well don't"
"Never said I represent Australia, Mate"

Yep, they're both Australian. 




 http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/de/Futurama_title_screen.jpg 




 Over the last few years there has been a hate campaign against one of the judges on Australia's Next Top Model including the hashtag #gohangyourself. 

Last week, Charlotte Dawson took her own life. 

http://www.abc.net.au/news/2014-02-22/tv-personality-charlotte-dawson-found-dead/5277364

One of her friends had this response.

http://badhostess.com/charlotte-dawson-was-better-than-you/ 




 [When you are the moon...](http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lhb7upySB51qh8gjko1_500.png) 




 I saw these pants advertised when I was a kid in the 80's. I would have killed to have but, of course, I didn't have the appropriate pants to take a life. 




 Made me think of Day of The Tentacle.  




 Man, that's a deep cut. Kudos. 




 I try not to watch Raiders too often. I don't want to spoil it.  




 I saw The Room 34 times at the movie before 'drunken youths' took over the weekly screenings. 

My wife and I have watched Clue every Christmas for the past ten years.

God I sound old. 




 Here's a fresh link...
http://i.imgur.com/zjx2WGk.jpg 




 "I'm going home to sleep with my wife" - Clue
 




 THIS IS BULLSHIT! FUCKING BULLSHIT! MEN OVER-REACT TOO!

I'M A MAN AND LOOK HOW MUCH I'M OVER-REACTING!   




 This city has some of the best coffee in the world, stop recommending Starbucks and McCafe!

In town, 1000 pound bend, Journal, Degraves St (in general) all have wifi. 




 Welcome to reddit.  




  *As a Faith Driven Consumer, are you satisfied with a Biblically themed movie  designed to appeal to you  which replaces the Bibles core message with one created by Hollywood?*

That's push polling if ever I saw it. 




 When my wife was eight months pregnant she was standing on the 86 while two middle aged women sat in the priority seat talking loudly about how difficult it was being pregnant and how they were glad that was all over now.

 




 Very Bad Things filled me with a sense of murderous rage. Just awful. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ObsivKt_XzA  




 The Ninth Gate based on the book The Club Dumas.  




 I didn't even know that was a song about Sydney. I need to listen to lyrics more. 




 Title pretty much says it all. I listened to Love This Sydney for the first time in years and realised it's a pretty terrible song. Any ideas as a replacement for the ultimate Sydney song? 




 Her name isn't Miley either. It's  Destiny Hope Cyrus
 




 For those interested, here is the real graph for the name Ellen. 

http://www.babynamewizard.com/d3js-voyager/popup.html#prefix=ellen sw=both exact=false 









 Here is a children of Men Making of that explains how they did the tracking shot. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cBfsJ7K1VNk 




 A Touch Of Evil - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E8AXd1ayxrg 




 As well as being what I want from a Purge film, this also what I want from a trailer. Explain the premise then the rest is just mood. 

 




 I think it might be Lisa's First Word and it's a baby Lisa in flashback form.  




 [](#s "Read the book! Frankenstein dies, the monster carries him into the snow. He implies he'll kill himself but we never see if he does.") 




 Sorry - I should have used a spoiler tag

[](#s "Frankenstein dies in the end.") 




 I wish you all the luck for the future and hold the sincere hope that this is a phase you're going through.  




 I crafted a well thought out response to your misguided posts above then saw your username and thought better of it.  




 That movie about the kid who learns to fly alien spaceships on arcade machines 




 Waiting For Godot? 




 Doctor Jekyll and Mr Hyde. 

The pair never meet because they are the same person... 




 Lord of The Rings - [](#s "Frodonever meets Sauron.")

The Pledge -  [](#s "jack Nicholason never finds the murderer.")

Duel - [](#s "we never see the villain's face.")

 




 You kind of buried the lead there. zombie BEAVERS. 




 The XXpendables 




 But sexy israeli soldiers right? And not too smart for the scientist yeah?  




 I have very strong feelings about the Massachusetts Rifle Association.  




 My favourite bit is when the deductive reasoning lingo comes out. Straw man! False premise!  




 I'm sorry. If it helps, you can pretend I'm a woman.  




 Argh! Should have stayed in school 




 Are MRAs making up fictional women to be upset by now? 




  FICTIONAL girlfriend logic.

 




 Why is it that the only way the filmmakers can imagine an 'all-girl' action squad is to have them go undercover as prostitutes? 




 Is the book written in first person? 




 one down, two to go.  




 Isn't that just English but you don't spell colour with a U and you begin all of your sentences with 'y'all.'

It's like Australian Standard English is just English with 'ya bastard' at the end of every sentence. 




 They should put that on IMDB.  




 As an Australian let me just make sure I've got this straight, this commercial was 'controversial' because they were speaking foreign languages and not English

And all this is is despite the fact English IS a foreign language from, you know, England and is just one of 330 spoken in the country, over 175 of which are indigenous?

EDIT: AND, I've just learned, English isn't even the official language of America! 







  




 Lion King was my first date movie age 14. :) 




 I take her all the time. I either go to the drive in (where no one can hear her scream) or to Cry Baby Sessions they have first thing in the morning. She loves it. 




 The first film my daughter 'saw' was Gravity (age 6 weeks). The first film I saw was The Last Unicorn.


 




 Of course! It's like how we say footpath instead of sidewalk and illegal boat person instead of refugee.

EDIT: sidewalk not pavement. I'm the worst person alive. 
EDIT 2: It is not illegal to arrive in Australia by boat and seek refugee status.  




 FUN FACT: In Australia, the film is known as FLYING HIGH for some reason. 




 The only thing you're missing is a small part of your soul that Darabount ripped out and threw into the void. You will never be whole again.

Sorry.  




 Hustle and Leverage steal plots from movies rather than 'reference'. 




 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1614989/ 




 They did yes. It's in the trailer. 




 I can't believe I have seen one! 

All I remember is that the main character gets into a fight and is rescued by a jewish man who finds a star of david on the ground and assumes it is his and so the hero pretends to be jewish.

 




 

"Listen, the three principals are still with us. Tim Robbins, Greta Scathii, Cynthia Stevenson. And so are the characters, Gil, Bonnie and June Gudmundsdottir. Gil and June are married, still. They live in a big, post modern, glass in the Hollywood Hills. And Bonnie lives with them." 



 




 And Native Americans are akin to alien creatures! 




 That's what circumcision is for. Bring it back to a 1:1 ratio.  









 I just went into Evil Empire on Sydney Road. A lot of great old stuff there at rock bottom prices. I picked up seven trade paper backs for $30 




 That's good advice. As a reader, I can't understand why people would even READ a sequel when they haven't read the original. I'm amazed that more people bought the last Harry Potter than any other book in the series!  




 So, you did what everyone else does at the casino? 




 No. This is not correct and shows a basic lack of understand in mathematics. 

 




 From what I understand for my contacts at Crown, there is a lot of heat on those tables from security. He believes they re-introduced them to encourage wannabe card counters to try their luck, knowing most will fail to do it properly.

 




 I stand corrected.  




 Bad Lands 




 Only if they were forced to do it against their will. Otherwise it's a just a bunch of people dressing up as characters from movies for fun.  




 I found him under the house. My father hung him up. 









 I also found a dead possum. I'm keeping him.
http://imgur.com/4d4h5TL 




 In his own words...

 The show most go on... Yesterday during one of my escape street shows... I had this happen. 
 
 I was tired up, for my friends that have not seen it, in a large canvas drawstring sack., then bound with tips ropes. Also my thumbs were taped together. I had a crowd of about 150 people watching,. 
 
 At this point I'm pretty much like an upside down spittle. 
 
 Out of nowhere this crazy guy rugby tackles me knocking me to the ground and falling on top of me. A couple of other performer came and dragged the guy off. His mate was recording it for YouTube as a stunt. They then both ran off. Somehow I regained my composure and explained to the audience and children how stupid it was. I finished the show in mega pain but full of adrenalin. I went home very sore and after not being able to lay down went the the hospital where I spent most of the night waiting to be seen(not complaining many people needed help before me) 
 
 The outcome is that he broke 2 of my ribs and I am now on very song painkillers. It will take 6 weeks to mend. 
 
 I am up after 2 hours sleep and on my way to do a gig. 
 
 If anyone sees a YouTube of this please let me know, it had been reported to the police and they are investigating cctv footage.
 


Any help would be great. Patty is the nicest man alive and does not deserve this shit. 




 Toupee for working. He wrote an article about it. 




