




 Sure thing. I've edited the post. Thanks! 




 Definitely agree with the second sentence. That's why most GoT fans love his character I think. Come to think of it, I don't know anyone who hates, or even dislikes, Tyrion. 




 Yeah. I think my friends watched it because of the ratings, too. Looking forward to your thoughts about the movie. 




 Great! Enjoy your trip! 




 Depends on the site/client. 




 The Blog Herald is looking for an experienced blogger. Requirements:
-experience writing about the web, WordPress, social media, content marketing, and blogging/writing
-2 articles per week (500 words each) at $15 each

http://www.bloggingpro.com/jobs/view/social-mediaonline-publishingwordpress-blogger-2 




 Just watched [Metro Manila](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1845838/) because of friends' recommendations.  Living in this city, the movie was quite an eye-opener. Directed by Sean Ellis, the movie won quite a number of international awards. Anyone else seen it? 

P.S. Highly recommended. 




 Good one. I actually imagined him to look really bad as I read the book. The HBO version is nothing compared to GRRM's description. 




 Yup. I don't see it either. 









 I'm with you on Ned Stark. I still can't forget my shock when I read the part he died. Up to that point, I had always believed that his honor would keep him alive. GRRM = Santa Killer in this case. I've learned since then, of course. 




 LOL. Exactly. He's distracted enough with writing prefaces/endorsing other books! 









 Got a point there - [Facebook's algo took the number of likes into consideration](http://time.com/3647800/facebook-apologizes-year-review-post-pain/) for the year in review results, so this photo probably got tons of likes for the OP's good deed.  




 Maybe if you ask nicely, he'll let you ride his sky bison. 




 Seems like unsecure Wi-Fi; but heck, does it really matter? Just the thought of having a Sting you can wave around waiting for it to glow lightens one's mood. 




 That might very well be one of the factors. As the researchers say, they need to gather more data (*standard clause*) 




 nothing nothing? 














 You've taught him well. 









 Too cute! And love the term flawsitively perfect (although I may be the only one who hasn't heard of it...) 














 Next comes SpriteGate. 




 Did you see that ludicrous display...? 









 Nailed it. 




 Justified for once! 




 Woohoo! Old is as old does! 




 :( 




 Good for you! (Says envious me.) 




 Can't really blame the guy, can you? 




 That is beyond awesome. What are you planning to drink (in it?)? 









 Gross. But when you gotta go, you gotta go? 




 Might just try the hilarious ones, then. 




 I have to say that it is my favorite episode. And the way the 9th just uttered that sentence - it made me feel happy that I teared up. Yeah, something the 9th probably wouldn't do, but it does show just how much the Doctor cares. 




 Same here. If I had it! 




 Awesome. Now I'll have a new set of coasters to add to my measly collection. 









 What is more amazing then a moment spent hugging your child?  Or watching him laugh with all his heart in a way only children can.  Or a touch and a smile from your spouse that says more than words ever could?  Or an intimate moment shared that no one else will ever know about.  There is so much beauty in each moment and there will never be another exactly like it.  Its those things that are most rare that have the most value, and there are only so many moments that we get.  Choose to believe that you cant waste time with your spouse, because no moment with them can be a waste.  There is value in every second together.

My mom passed away from gastric cancer a month ago after almost a year-long battle, which was terrible on all of us. Your story makes me sad and happy at the same time. Thanks for sharing it, and all the best to you and your family. 




 Can I be your friend, too? 









 You're right. I actually use Waze as my default, and Apple Maps as a secondary app. But yes, it has come a long way. 









 Yeah because Chun Li is all about ice. 




 LMAO. Good one. 




 Now there's a thought. I hated the [MacGyver special](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ym65fYMu5Gs) because...MacGyver! 




 That bouquet is the best I've ever seen!  




 I know, right? I just wish... 




 This kind of application is what makes tech like 3D printing awesome. In other news, did you hear about this [vet who used LEGO to help a turtle with leg problems](http://geeksupply.co/vet-uses-lego-disabled-tortoise/)? 









 Funny. While my brain can't reconcile a direwolf and Rudolf, this line keeps repeating in my head now:
"Summer the rednosed direwolf..." (Probably because I have a dog named Summer) 









 So say we all. 




  this one

That cracked me up, too. 




 For brainstorming and research, I always have Evernote to save online resources, articles, topic ideas, and outline ideas. I've got it on my phone, iPad, and laptop so that I can add/make changes any time an idea hits me. This saves me a lot of time when I actually sit down to write. 




 This might help: http://www.freelancewritinggigs.com/2014/12/5-unusual-writing-jobs/ 



















 Right on. I read a quote once, I just can't remember who said but it went along the lines of the best way to feel better is to help others/make others happy. 









 Tom Hanks   Meg Ryan and Richard Gere   Julia Roberts definitely! Not only do they have chemistry, they make you feel part of it, too. 




 These are nicely quaint. You should sell this stuff. 




 Agree. And pink? 









 Kinda freaky if you think about it, but freaky it becomes cool. 




 You got issues, man. 




 In short: go old school. 














