 It is so humbling to have the parents of these kids think so much of our handmade gifts to bury their children with them. 

Thank you for sharing your story! It is both heartbreaking and heartwarming at the same time 




 I did stop! Somwonw else must be doing it :P

Best wishes for your nephew and I hope he gets well soon. Amigarumi toys make the best gifts! And they are easier than yiu would think. I only learnt to crochet about 2 years ago 




 I love crochet squids! I think one of those is going to be my next little project 




 Thanks. Keeping my fingers crossed fpr your niece 




 I am so sorry about your sister. But it is wonderful for you to spend your time making gifts that come from the heart for people in those situations 




 Thank you. I hopw your little one is doing OK now 




 What a heartbreaking story! Thanks for sharing. I hope that teddy brings you nothing but good memories and I am sure your sister would appreciate the blanket more knowing its origins 




 Sorry, I'll stop chopping them... 




 I'm sorry for the feels, but thank you :) 




 If only he had the chance to be loved to pieces :(

But I am sorry for the emotion avalanche. I just wanted to put this story out there and share it with people who truly understand 




 Thank you :)  




 Thanks :) 




 Man, I cried just writing this. It has been a hard couple of weeks. But things like this that I can think about make it a little easier. He was so adorable, and I am not biased at all! http://i.imgur.com/SfIHGvT.jpg 




 What's the rent like? 




 Earlier in the year I made an elephant for my newborn nephew. He was hands down the best amigarumi I had ever done: http://imgur.com/a/Sz1zZ.

My Sister in Law and her husband loved him and they were sure that as he grew up, my nephew would love him too.

However, my nephew was not a healthy baby. He was born with a very rare congenital bowel defect and was whisked off to intensive care the moment he was born. A few days after he came into the world, my husband and I met our newest family member and I was so excited to give him his little elephant. His mother gave him pride-of-place in my nephew's crib, nestled amongst the tubes and monitor wires near his tiny head.

It was such a bittersweet sight, seeing my tiny nephew railing himself against the defect he was born with whilst cuddling with a toy that I made so lovingly for him.

Unfortunately, like many stories, this one turned more bitter than sweet in the end.

After a heroic 6 week long struggle for life, my nephew passed away. His parents were with him...and so was his elephant. 

The funeral was heartbreaking. My nephew's coffin was so tiny, and looked even smaller in my brother-in-laws arms as he carried it into the chapel. I almost couldn't bear it...until my sister in law told me not to worry, because his elephant was in there with him. 

He loved his elephant, she told me, and he will be taking it with him into the next world. She asked if I was ok with that, and through my tears I was able to tell her that nothing would cheer me up more than knowing he wasn't alone in there. I made that elephant for him, no matter what.

My nephew was cremated the next day with his little elephant by his side. Although we are all now left with a gaping hole in our lives, I have at least found comfort in knowing that our special little fighter had something soft and loving with him til the end.


Sorry for the feel trip guys, but I just wanted to share this story with people I knew would appreciate it and understand.


Edit: Thanks everyone for your kind words. The pain of losing him hasn't lessened over time, but I am getting better at handling it. Bonus pic of my nephew telling us all to live with peace in our hearts: http://imgur.com/fsDnE65 




 *their? 









 And his wife? 




 Given the choice, I would rather not watch football, talk about fishing or play Xbox. But my husband enjoys those things, so I got involved with them too
 I picked a football team to follow, I got a fishing rod of my own and I learnt how to play COD. I do those things so I could spend time with him while doing them. I understand that this isn't realistic for all couples, but I just feel like if a partner has to lie or decieve the other one in order to find the time to do something they enjoy then there is a problem.

If I found out my husband was doing something like this (I am making the assumption that the wife knows nothing here) I would be disappointed in myself for being the type of wife that needs to be lied to. 




 Thank goodness. I thought I was doing it wrong there for a sec. I was thinking I would have to start forbidding gaming, withholding blowjobs and complaining about sports 




 Am I a strange wife for letting my husband play computer games if he wants? Unless we have plans to do things together, I don't care if he sits there and plays them. I am usually off playing one myself, or sitting there crocheting and watching him play 




 Damn! Imagine if this was an Olympic event! 




 Poo. 




 I just moved to Melbourne recently and I get the vibe that Flinder's St Station is seen as a major icon of the city, but to me it just isn't at the standard I expected. If it looked like that proposed design, it would be a splendid icon. It would be awesome and people would probably see it in the same light at the Opera House and flock to see it.

That being said, I would really rather not have to have a system where every now and then it takes me 3 hours to get home.  




 Man, look at that shitty photoshop. The river has never been that blue! At least make it realistic! 




 Instead, lift your knees a little by going up onto the balls of your feet while you sit. Not the same as squatting, but you'll have less broken rims 




 Digust is my spirit anim-....feeling?...little emotion person 




 Holy shit, that is so satisfying to look at 




 Am I the only one who doesn't piss my pants at the sight of spiders? 

This thing is adorable! Look at him dance! He he he  




 FreddyFeel*Bad*! 




 That is the type of yawn/stretch combo that leaves you thinking "hell yeah...that was a good one." 




 Warning though: Give your machine a rinse with vinegar before washing clothes with it. It gets soap scum off your barrel really well...and right onto your clothes 




 I have heard vinegar works well 




 How about this picture of a goat in a Christmas hat?

http://i.imgur.com/1PqRYqc.jpg 




 Just greener 









 Hey I totally agree...it sucks. But mine was actually a health issue. I was constantly getting painful, somwtimes infected ingrown hairs. I tried EVERY trick in the book: shaving, waxing, trimming, oils, creams, oitments with no relief.

It was also a source of constant embarrassment for me, so me paying that much money was 100% worth it. It has given me so much confidence. I can actually wear a bikini now!!!

I would also like to point out that laser is permanent. i will never have to wax agaim. That is $40 month for the rest of my life saved right there 




 I saw results after 1 session. I am now 3 sessions in and i have gone from shaving once a day and still having stubble to shaving once a week IF I remember. The hair is now light and wispy. 

I was one of those people who was a perfect candidate: dark hair, light skin, quick growing hair, so my results were bound to be good. 

I also got my bikini done which was the same story of coarse, dark hair and sensitive skin. I hadn't worn a bikini without boardshorts EVER but now, I am so happy to strut it.

All up I paid $740 for a years worth of treatment for both under arm and bikini, and with it only halfway done I am already feeling like it was worth every penny 




 I know this is probably not the kind of answer you are looking for, but I had terrible problems with shaving under my arms. My skin got so irritated, it got really pigmented and scarred.

So I got lazer hair removal and it is hands down the best decision I ever made. I am 6 months in, my skin is smooth, healing and I am no longer ashamed of lifting my arms in public.

100% recommend it! 

Plus, the price may seem steep at first but there are groupons available, payment plans, ete 




 I'm in Croydon South...it is pretty nice here :/  




 Meh. I'm a bookreader 




 I would still like to stretch them out over time. Why blow your load in one night when you can make the joy stretch out over weeks and weeks? 




 I decided to watch the first ep, but wait for the next 3. Otherwise I am just dooming myself to a month long wait for ep 5 




 Thith ith tho thoothing 




 Fun fact! 

I worked in a lab that helped Frazer out with his work. He (or his team) were sloppy at labelling samples and it was my job to go through our liquid nitrogen storage tank and toss out the 20+ year old samples of his that were inappropriately labelled.

Somehow I felt like I was destroying a part of history...but he was never coming back for them, so it had to be done. 




 I once had a whole carload of them come to our rural, quiet property....on Easter Sunday!....to try to preach to us. I had to run out and shoo them away before my dad could get to them because if he dealt with them it would not have been pretty. 




 My dad answered the door naked once.

He was never bothered again. 









 So let it faaaaaalllll 









 It was sold in a gaming store called EB Games here in Australia.  




 SO last year 




 It is the back of a notepad. No bacon :( 




 Here in Australia we have The Blue Mountains, The Snowy Mountains and the Great Dividing Range.

Imagination isn't too popular here either.

Oh, and let's not forget Mt Disappoinment! 




 Everytime I read it while taking a sip it makes me a little sad that I am at work and not at home playing video game 









 I work in a Histocompatibility lab! It reay is super fascinating and you would not believe the amount of people and effort that goes into each transplant 




 My husband and I split our chores 50/50. I appreciate him, he appreciates me. simple, really.

I also can't help but think that the "she leaves her family for you, moves in with you" is utter crap. Unless you live with his parents, he did the same thing! 




 Nope. 




 Lucy.

I was convinced the movie was about some poor girl taken in by a mad scientist and turned into a crazy assassin for a sick experiment.

Instead I got to see warthogs doin it. 




 Period pain. Light exercise always helps me 




 My 6 week old newphew passed away 2 weeks ago.

Definitely that. 




 Still not Facebook 




 \#repost 




 Gone Girl 




 He was probably asleep during them... 




 Titanic 2 




 I just don't get what this post is trying to achieve. Firstly, this isn't the 50's, women don't "give up everything" for their man, and secondly, who is saying that men aren't appreciative? It just seems like stirring up crap with no actual reason for it.

http://i.imgur.com/jMBbIt2.jpg

Sorry for screenshot! 




 I could almost guarantee no one would give a crap if this was in Australia 




 Same here!!! I had no clue til I found this sub.

And just look at me now, Ma! Moving up in the world!! 




 I haven't blocked any blankets I have made, but I do give them a wash before gifting them and that seems to be enough 




 Actually this pattern was only worked in rows, so I am not sure! 




 This took a lot less effort than you think. I wet the doily then laid out a towel on my carpet and pinned it down. Waited a day then voila!  




 Also made it heaps bigger! :D 




 Thanks :) 




 If it is still in packaging, I would think a hospital would take it? I dunno.

I want to say an orphanage...but I actually don't even know if they exist anymore 




 The cat got a new dog bed

FTFY 









 It is corner to corner box stitch. 
The yarns are just a collection of soft acrylic DKs I had stashed in my cupboard...all the cards are thrown out now sorry :/

Also, thanks :) 









 No, Vic 




 Opening round of the AFL, Lunar eclipse and half the country is out bush, Easter camping...you have no hope! 




 My friend posted this pic she took while bushwalking today. [Relevent?]( http://imgur.com/W20gfzz) 




 I am using a combo of DK yarns from my local craft store. I just grabbed whatever felt soft and was in the right colours. The stitch is a Corner to Corner Box stitch. I posted a pic of what it actually looks like from afar.

I am not using any specific pattern tho 




 Ha ha! Completely reasonable...and useful! 




 Fun Fact: We have a footballer here in Aus called Karmichael Hunt. I am sure he cops it a lot 




 Hey! That looks great. Still haven't got around to blocking mine yet :/

I didn't mention in my post but I also modded the last row coz I was running out of cotton! 




 Pineapple doily? 




 It is deceptive. It is a corner to corner block, taken diagonally.

http://i.imgur.com/543SSPL.jpg 




 I know! I tried so hard to take a straight pic but it is draped across a pillow and I was too lazy to get up and put it on a flat surface.

Tell your OCD I am sorry 









 That sub is incredible! Just look at all those happy people, so clearly thrilled to have finally found themselves. 









 Ha! Burn! 




 /r/beforeNafteradoption would love this! 




 ... 




 Littermates 




 Goddammit! You mock the guy ONCE in a text and your phone remembers his name and autospells it out to make you look like a damn fool!!!

Sorry people! I really don't like him at all 




 Because I'm feeling particularly self-righteous this evening, I wrote an email to the local prosecutor named on the docket for this case. And because posting it publicly makes me feel more important, here it is:


I love your honesty. 

Also, thumbs up on the letter. I feel the same as you when faced with something as ~~ludacris~~ ludicrous (I'm so sorry!) as this; overwhelmed with the burning desire to get involved 




 Ok, I imagined it...now what? 




 I joined somewhere around then too. Was so confused 




 [Oh what a difference a day makes]( http://i.imgur.com/ZOGRL45.jpg) 




 :) 









 Got a pic? 




 Corner to Corner Box stitch. Super easy and quick! I have since added 3 more colours, all greens 




 I am hoping I can ride the wave until at least it is big enough to be a shawl. Also, thanks :) 




 Was thinking of making it a blanket but that could change over time :P 

Deends on how quickly the new project feeling wears off 




 Yep :) 









 That was fun to read 




 This cat is more famous than I will ever be and all he had to do was be adorable and get stuck in boxes.

Closest thing I could ever hope for is horrified noteriety after a 'leaked' sex tape... 




 https://web.archive.org/web/20131127090123/http://cillesdoilies.angelfire.com/bluepineapples.htm 




 Hey! You didn't do anything! 




 Thanks! I have been told that I have excellent tension by a few people :)

In the crochet-world it feels like a pick-up line 




 That happyface on the end :) 




 After telling people I (a female) work in a hospital.

"Oh, are you a nurse?"

Bitch, I could be the head of neurosurgery. Don't just assume that since I am female and work in a hospital that I can only be a nurse.

I'm not actually head of neurosurgery, I am a Medical Scientist 




 That's some specious reasoning 









 Dat widdle paw lick! 




 To be honest I am not totally certain of cancer risks. I think it does all the depend on the cancer and if they are due to external or genetic risk factors.

Also, once you go through the first blood test you will go through a few more rounds of testing. You have to be crossmatched against the recipient a few times, and have confirmatory testing done too. We like to make sure we are 100% sure before ripping your organs out :P

As for the surgery itself, sorry I can't speak for that part...i am just a scientist
 




 I work in the lab that handles only the Histocompatibility, which we determine from blood. 

Each person has a "Tissue Type" which they inherit from their parents. That refers to a cluster of molecules called the Major Histocompatibility Complex. Essentially, these molecules help the body's immune system determine self from non-self. When you are being tested for compatibility, you are being tested to see what MHC molecules you have and whether they are the same as the recipient.

Now, in Solid organ donation, your Tissue Type is not the most important thing. You can still donate if you are not a match. Is it the case that just being the right blood group can mean you could donate. To explain this simply, the recipient is going to be on immunosupressants, that the body can't really recognise self from not self anyway.

That being said, doctors will try to match you as best as possible. Because a good matched organ is leas likely to cause the recipient to develop antibodies.

When your body is challenged with something foreign, it can develop antibodies against it, which will attack that thing the next time it enters your body.

Kidney recipients are usually very sick. They gets lots of transfusions. Transfusing blood challenges that person with something foreign, and they develop antibodies. Not all of these antibodies matter to us at Histocompatibility. We only care if they are antibodies that would specifically attack the organ we are trying to put in. We call those Donor Specific Antibodies. 

A recipient with no antibodies at all (unsensitised) would have a MUCH better chance than a person who has lots and lots of antibodies (sensitised) and if that person has lots and lots of DSAs, matching can be almost impossible.

For that reason and for those people, Typing becomes very important.

A sensitised patient could have so many DSAs that only 5% of the population would have a Typing that could "slip through the gaps" and be both compatible and not under the DSA umbrella. 

Once you take into account size, donor health, waiting time, etc a person could find themselves waiting a very very long time for that 1 in 10 person to match them.

Edit: I am on mobile so sorry if this is a bit garbled 




 I work in a lab that tests for compatability for Transplantations (not in the US). I can give you insight to the actual test, what it means to be compatible, and why kidneys can be so very difficult to match, if you are interested? 




 Flawless 


































 You have one shot at making them realise it was you, how do you make it count? 









 http://i.imgur.com/yLw1pmK.jpg

Edit: and the other misc objects around his face 




 My newborn nephew is in the Royal Children's Hospital, a month after being born with a rare bowel defect. His parents have just been told to expect their tiny fighter to remain there for 6-12 months. My heart is breaking for them, and I want to do something to support them, but don't know how.

Does anyone know which charities are best to help parents in this situation? They live local to the hospital, so accomodation isn't the issue. I just worry for their mental and emotional states and want to find someone who can help me make their lives a little easier.

Thanks 




 My husband dropped that one on me last night and I flipped my lid. I am nowhere near my time, so for me, having him say that was very hurtful. It showed a complete lack of respect for my feelings. It felt dismissive; as if any problem I had with him was only because I was full of hormones and thus not worth his time. I told him how very hurtful it was but he says he doesn't regret it.

Am I overreacting? 




 A world full of men, or a world full of women. Big changes and little ones. 

This is assuming reproduction is still possible, of course. 









