




 :57 secs http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VtA869eH21c 




 I'm still trying to figure out how this is legal to sell since making the tea is supposedly giving you the same effect as taking an opiate in which you need a script for. Is it just some weird loophole that the FDA hasn't realized yet?  Don't get me wrong I love opiates so I am not bitching about it but it's fascinating that there isn't some kind of restriction on it.  I haven't tried making the tea yet either but I have been contemplating it.  Anything I should be aware of before I make it or any really bad side effects? 




 I've never had that happen with the blurred vision or nausea unless in a car.  I kinda wish in a way that opiates always made me feel crappy so i wouldn't love them like I do haha. 




 I was taking my normal dosage though and I have never gotten nauseated when taking them while not in a moving vehicle is why I was wondering.  I think i should just avoid taking meds and being in a car haha. 




 I did a search for it and doesn't look like anyone has posted about getting car sick while on opiates.  The other night I took 3 norcos while being a passenger in a vehicle.  Felt alright for about 30mins then felt really nauseous like classic carsickness. Just tried to focus on the yellow line until I got home about 20 mins later and felt like shit so I laid down for about 20 mins and felt better but it sucked and kinda ruined my buzz haha.  The last time this happened to me was about 8 years ago after I had gotten out of the hospital and was on vicodin I got car sick as well.  I always have avoided being in a car while on opiates because of that first experience but 2 out of 2 times now I have gotten carsick while on opiates.  I never get carsick if I'm sober or even drunk I do better than when on opiates. 




 Did it.   




 damn. iggy pop holding you up is saying a lot!! haha 




 forgot about him for some dumb reason but my #1. chinese rocks. 




 gg allin haha 




 the only reason i was thinking it would be more efficient than swallowing the powder is because when i try that i usually choke on some and/or some gets caught in my mouth.  i thought if they went down to my stomach in a neat little package then dissolved that might work better. 




 it was a fine powder.  norco 10/325s 




 i usually just crush up my pills and swallow the powder but tonight i decided to parachute for the first time.  i did it correctly and didn't lose any powder but it is taking forever for the high to come on.  I thought it was supposed to be quicker this way than just swallowing the powder but i'm starting to have second thoughts. What are your guys opinions on parachuting versus just eating them or crush then down the hatch? 




 lol 




 haha c'mon guys calm down!!  




 I know i'm not knocking those people.  Just had to agree with the guy who doesn't like that word haha. 




 Oh well. I don't insufflate or however you say it haha I take my pills orally. 




 I have to agree with callmedarlin as I have never heard the term " insufflation" in my life and it does annoy the fuck outta me. I had to google that shit just to find out what it was...... 




 I dunno go try to buy some and get back to us haha 




 I get blood tests done monthly and one thing they check is my liver.  I have been on 5/500s for about 4 years and recently switched to 10/325s.  My liver readings are slightly and i mean trivially high. my alt serum test is at 40 which is 3 points higher than recommended. What really made my liver readings go threw the roof in the past was when I was drinking a lot of alcohol on a daily basis at that point my liver reading was 150!! Since I have stopped drinking almost completely my liver readings are back to normal.  I don't know if this answers really anything about your question but it does go to show that the liver is capable of repairing itself when a person stops abusing it like i was at one point. 




 they are 7.5s. watson 387 




 http://imgur.com/6fm02NX 




 ok its an opiate like medicine.... 




 I have been prescribed it yet I have never taken it just because i thought it was pointless for a high and I have heard weird things like what you explained about tramadol as well that made me not really want to take it haha. 




 if you are just looking for tramadol i'd say you are ok.  that seems to be the go to opiate that doctors rx because its supposedly harder to get addicted to but that is just what i have heard so i'm not certain.... 




 I'm from the bay area born and raised until about 1.5 years ago. now i am in Chico. zzzzzzzz (snoring) haha 




 i only get my tats done sober 




 haha well it was from safeway which was located on a street so yeah i'd say your are correct! 




 yeah they have a ton of dispensaries here and i would assume they might come in pill type bottles. i wouldn't know i don't smoke.  and yeah thats nice about the bag. i totally forgot about that since i've never bought a crown royal bottle before. 




 I guess it's a bit hard to sense sarcasm over type!!  i think you guys looked into this whole streets thing a bit much haha 




 too late already did last night and i'm here to tell. that is just how street i am lol 




 crown royal maple. its a seasonal thing. 




 sorry i'm such a noob. i am from the streets and don't really fuck with the net but here:   http://imgur.com/mt6Nf 









 ha this is good. never seen this or the website it's on. 




 lovin the old peoples medicine reminder container haha!! 




 I know the money is tempting but these are worth their weight or more in gold to me!! i still might need to sell some to make ends meet tho.... 




 If you really have migraines and cannot get a legit script that sucks.  have you tried to?   




 because i needed to take twice as many 5/500s and i didn't want to be taking too much tylenol and mess up my liver.   




 Damn i didn't know that. That sucks but at least im one of the people that can't tell  too much difference between them  




 Sorry i meant 1 hour 30mins. must of still been higher than i thought lol!! 




 What's 5 minutes refer to? 




 around 180 since i mixed some in of my last script.  they are for pain!! haha 




 yeah your right 




 my joints are pretty messed up in my ankles and both require surgery. i have the xrays/mris to back this up.  that is the main reason i take them but i did also just have a total mouth reconstruction in the last year as well amongst other things. 




 i mixed in some of my last prescription haha so there might be around 180.   




 haha yeah your right 




 train_subject7329 is from the movie bad santa lol if you've ever seen it!! I started on 5/500 generic vics and eventually just recently got bumped to the norcos cause i complained about the apap.  yeah they are all 10/325s if they are the yellow twinkies or the m367s. the m357s are the 5/500s i believe.  I take no more than 3 norcos a day. I have known of the CWE for years now but I am too scared to actually try it and potentially waste good pills!! 




 nice man you too!! i always dose the same so i should be good!! :) 




 thanks so much man. took 3 of em about 1/12 hours ago and still feeling them. i hate tolerance!! 




 never had oxys personally. i just never have seen em in CA. maybe its more of a regional thing.  how do they hit? any different than normal hydrocodone?  and yeah i feel ya, i'm 10 years in and only have my tolerence up to 30mgs a day but its really hard to keep that in check! 




 I had my appendix totally burst on me about 10 years ago and since then my number 2's havent ever been the same.  My opiate use also has impeded this as well lol.  I would recommend a fiber supplement which you know you can get at safeway, luckys, etc. or just get an enema if you are really blocked up.  Trust me, I have been there. Good luck my friend...... 




 thanks so much!! i am finally in good hands legally i think!! i hope you have great opiate adventures. 




 thanks so much man!!! and it was all legal!! i almost had to go to the streets for it :(  i send good vibes to you!!! 




 norco twinkies/nannas!! at least 120 of em!!!finally got bumped up!!  




 the most i've ever had at once. i respect da opiates though and have decent self control.  love you guys don't overdo it!!  i'm about to sample these bad boys.......  http://imgur.com/LLnC4 and hey i know it's not much and i don't want to go saying this is pill porn either haha. 




 Well since i have tried all 3 i really haven't noticed too much difference between them but i do know most people favor the yellows 




 You should get a pill crusher unless you really like the taste! 


 




 Also called twinkies haha. That pill is an m367 just a generic norco 




 Guess how many. imgur.com/td81d 




 They are m367s not 357s 




 I believe they all are 325mg apap 




 I use them orally  




 What do you guys prefer? I know the yellows seem popular.  I feel that the white ones crush better though imgur.com/S1gOm 




 they sell this at Costco. 




 pretty much what has already been said. from my experiences drinking higher quality liquors tend to make a hangover not as bad or nonexistent.  ibuprofen, not tylenol if you need to take a pain reliever cause of the acetominophen in the tylenol. 




 Motorhead said it best- The chase is better than the catch.  Where I live its so dry and hokey pokey with people who have just pills that I have spent the better part of a day on a wild goose chase just to go home empty handed.  Maybe I should bump up to morphine or heroin since I know i can get that way easier than my lowly pharms........ anyways I feel ya !! 




 actually now that i think about it i only pay $10 for a bottle of 60 norcos via kaiser pharmacy!!  too bad i would never sell any, i'd make a killing. 




 $10!?!?! i need to meet your dealer!! 




 alright i'm in no huge rush but i finally think i figured it out and feel confident with it so i thought i'd at least try and log in.   




 uh yeah i think so too. just wondering I will ever be able to get onto it. 




 I just finally tried joining SR and it told me that they aren't accepting new users at this time.  Anyone know the deal with that?  I'm a total noob here with it so take it easy haha. 




 that area is pretty sketchy and there is a cop shop right in that area as well.  i have never tried purchasing anything from the TL. 




 damn that sucks. i just mess with pills and can never find anyone up here with norcos or anything!! 




 i live up near chico now but i'm from the bay is why i was lookin on there.  plus this area is dry as fuck!! 




 i haven't been that desperate yet to do any craigslist stuff.  hope it will never come to that. 




 yeah man there are a ton of em in sfbay craigslist but i am still yet to fuck with any of them. 




 weird. i guess don't believe everything you read! hah 




 also this thread reminded me to check my local craigslist.  found several interesting ads including this one that looks very fishy:   http://sfbay.craigslist.org/sfc/hab/3497829163.html 




 isn't SR dead?  i read an article saying its thru. 




 i made a thread about this:  http://www.reddit.com/r/opiates/comments/13flyu/craigslist/  might find some more info there. 




 thanks! and yeah i'm not necessarily trying to get a pain mgmt doc just for opiates :)  if there are other treatments to help my situation that they can introduce to me I am into it.  thanks! 




   i think my doctor just went off my word but i do have xrays/mris to prove that both my ankles are f'd up.  i'm not going in busting the doors open demanding more meds haha so yeah thats why i wanted to know what people thought. 




 i think i would need a referral, i dunno that's what i have heard.  I am just doing this mainly because i know my normal doctor is getting to the end of her string with prescribing me my stuff and i really don't think i should ask her for any more than i am getting already.  I don't use any other drugs than the norco, prescribed or otherwise so i don't have a problem with a pee test and i don't go on binges or abuse my meds so i should be good with adhering to some kind of policy that the pain mgmt place would make me sign.  thanks for the response!! 




 here's the deal i've been working with my doctor who is just a general practicioner at kaiser permanente for about 5 years now. she recently (and hesitantly) bumped me up from vicodin per my request that i was concerned about my liver. i have an app with her in early jan for just a check up.  I am thinking about asking her to refer me to a pain mgmt doc but not sure how she will react to this.  I am getting 60 norcos a month from her and I feel I am twisting her arm with just that amount not because I have been bugging her about upping my dose but I did hear that general medical docs have to be careful with the amount of narcotics they prescribe because of liability?  I just get a feeling i'm skating on thin ice at that amount lol.  Anyways, i'd like anyones input on my situation or experiences.  Thanks in advance friends! 




