 if I ever go bald I am going to march right over to gods house and take a poo on his sofa. 




 my dad was a weaver 




 *weed joke* 




 and now that dad is in jail nothing can take that away from us! 




 I won't claim to know how an octopus tank size effects its stress level I'm just saying that its intelligence won't have anything to do with the argument. it's a sedentary animal so if all its needs are accounted for it will stay put whereas a tang is highly energetic. it's like having a small apartment and putting a sleepy dog vs a nutty dog in it. they could be the same breed but the nutty one will be stressed and the sleepy one won't be bothered. 




 how does that make any sense? an animals territory size is in no way related to its intelligence. the only reason an octopus moves at all is to find food or mate. 




 I have an exam tomorrow and I'm going to get less than 5 hours of sleep thanks to OP. ain't even mad. 




 I'm down. let's bring a bunch of booze and figure out a way to turn this into the ultimate drinking game? 




 what did the female do to get kicked out of the bed? musta been something bad. 




 he's got a point. if I were God id look down at earth and go "holy shit look at that turban" 




 dude I bet he could palm kanye west's ego 




 I shall die in a pool of vomit, convulsing on the floor from heart failure but happy nonetheless 




 awww thank you sweetie I love me too :) 




 I'm going to make these for me because I love me so much :) 




 bb I'm bout to plug dis dongle in and charge u RIGHT up (    ) 




 and then a cartoon series based on the toy 




 how does this relate? particle accelerators are not that hard to understand. In fact I will explain to you right now how they work: shit is magic. 




 could you not? id like to keep my methods on the down low until it's published. 




 actually mammatus comes from the same root as mammary because these clouds looked like boobs to whoever named them. 




 I don't understand people like you. that's literally 1 bite of food. I have friends who will eat a hamburger and leave the LAST bite to waste and it makes me go ape shit. 




 it didn't smell at all it was just the taste. it's one of those things that I can see why people would like it but for the price id rather just have tuna or tako 




 marinade it first. delicious. 




 go to Greek Islands and try their octopus. it is absolutely phenomenal. my mom tells me that when I was a kid I refused to eat anything except pb j, hamburgers, and cold octopus salad 




 no way man the texture was great but it tastes the way a tidepool smells. oddly charming but all in all just bad. 




 an identified driving object? 




 my brain is struggling to turn that into a sex joke 




 incorrect. train_subject6359 shifts significantly faster with an average shift time of approximately 0ms. some say he shifts so fast that his lap times are negative. 




 I don't know that there is a wrong way to use it. 




 was he doing curls on the calf machine and going TSATT. HUNNNHHHH with every rep because if so I think you nailed it. 




 go buy as many lottery tickets as you can afford. someone upstairs has your back today. 




 I did a study the other day which conclusively proved that I don't like diet soda as much as I like regular soda and therefore regular is better. still waiting to hear back from the new England journal of medicine. 




 oooh ooh ooh that's a party foul. I wish you hadn't pointed that out. this is amazing otherwise. 




 the high rev is absolutely beautiful but I can't decide if my love for it outweighs my disdain for loud idling. 




 make that 40 :) 




 that god damn thing is already louder than my 500w amp 




 those "related" videos 




 he's been living in the desert under a rock, watching reruns of 90s sitcoms no doubt. 




 because his light was about to turn green so in my haste I didnt realize the diglet was blocking part of the camera 









 just stop. nobody wants you here. 




 83 in illinois 




 maybe he's in Australia so when it turns upside down its actually right side up? 




 frankly I'm not sure 




 but who will clean the cleaner of the cleaner? 




 dead like your social life 




 people on reddit will go ape shit for the 800th ok looking girl to put a chicken on her shoulder but when a guy like you decides to poke fun at how tired this lame fucking joke is, you get torn apart for being bald. today is the day I unsubscribe. 




 on your marks. get set. science! 




 your urchin is senpai. he has graduated to the upper class. 




 I prefer to call it "becoming LFS syndrome" 




 not so much here in Illinois :p 




 An amazingly well taken care of [356](http://i.imgur.com/Jsd9O94.jpg) and a [911 turboS](http://i.imgur.com/ZQd40xq.jpg) from the 70s with some awesome rims that you can't see (and an awesome exhaust that you can't hear) because of my sub par camerman...ism. It was a good day though. 









 I don't understand buying a car and not using it. my dd 10 years from now is going to be mid engined with 2 seats 




 WOW. if the boner police are in the building I demand an attorney 




 a man named "smeargle" WOULD have this moveset. 




 Hey man I noticed that you're "gangster." I'm pretty gangster myself. 




 James Bond drives them though. JAMES BOND. 




 and then get electric green satin wraps on them 




 if I had the money I would pay infinity dollars for this car and not regret it. it's the best looking thing I've ever seen that wasn't a classic American muscle car on lifted suspension with off-road tires. 




 especially when you were 18 and you only blew a .02 




 warning: may cause top kek 




 neither are women but they cost a fortune too. so I spose it fits. 




 he could always resort to sleep powder (    ) 




 I caught mewtwo in a pokeball, scrub. 




 jewel has handles of vodka for $10.99. who needs a bar haha. ha.

:( 




 sounds like Damon albarn 




 I'll have to give her another chance 




 if her actual standup were as funny as this shed be amazing! 




 does it move at all? does the top retract? is the body rigid or does it move like a worm? 




 thanks man I'm glad you like it! I've tried digital but paint sort of has a "personality" that I like working with 




 Thanks man :) check out my website at http://www.studioralu.com if you're interested 




 I can't wait to move out of the Midwest and go somewhere warm with trees and mountains 




 inner conflict which is also not necessarily good or bad 




 neither is necessarily good or bad 




 not at all man go right ahead :) 









 Check me out at http://www.train_subject6359.com 









 Visit me at http://www.train_subject6359.com or post cat pictures on my wall at https://www.facebook.com/pages/Stuff-By-Ra/1524740101129114 ! 









 check me out at http://www.train_subject6359.com  









 I was walking in the woods the other day and there was just a dude sitting in a tree smoking a cig. At least I THINK it was a cig.

Visit me at http://www.train_subject6359.com or post cat pictures on my wall at https://www.facebook.com/pages/Stuff-By-Ra/1524740101129114 ! 









 we all already know what you do and may I say you do it very well. you're like a moose Waldo. 




 looks infinitely better with the mods! I dig that satin 




 I think its absolutely ridiculous that it's rude to ask. so many ridiculous things are considered rude. 




 eh they'll probably all be naturally selected out of the population sooner later 




 also that way you can floor it clear out of your garage. 

"better to get there fast as fuck than to get there in one piece." - Mahatma Gandhi 




 authoritah* 




 the sesame seeds are a nice touch 




 when my roommate got a nutri bullet I made sauces for every single thing I ate. gourmet as fuck 




 nature didn't want to to waste that awesome material 




 just making sure. lots of people think narwhals are, so why not toucans too 




 even me? 




 toucans are not mythical though 




 I disagnosed it just now after viewing others' diagnoses and claiming them as my own. 




 I half saw it 




 it's love 




 wh... why? 




 this jerk. I clicked the first one not knowing it was going to be a series and then he plays the cliffhanger card on me and now I am sucked in. damn you OP 




 read his other comments. he is almost definitely insane. 




 what the hell is wrong with this guy? is this a reference? 




 oh we got a butt 




 less than a week now! 




 that's so raven 




 Google the word "vernacular" 




 synapses yes. it's called neuroplasticity. but you don't replenish the actual cells

Edit: also thought it would be interesting to add that to get a signal from anywhere in your body all the way up to the cortex of your brain, it only takes about 3 or 4 neurons. those things are long as hell 




 i always think about how cool it would be to send scientists back to biblical times and hear the modern explnation of some of some of those stories 




 you don't replace neurons 




 foolish child. go to your room and await corporal punishment 




 I don't know if the parasite is actually controlling the mantis but some parasites/symbionts secrete hormones and chemicals that can influence the behavior of the host and some can actually infect the hosts brain and literally mind control it (google "cordyceps")  




