 Nice one, cheers.  









 TL;DW 




 The Swan and Paedo 




 Normal.  









 For example, when the word 'tlphone' was introduced in French, who decided whether it was 'le' or 'la'? 




 Ouch-witz 




 In my school in England we called that, 'Stuck in the Mud.' 




 Well, I once decided to shit myself when I was 10 because I was busy playing football. 

My mum was livid.  




 Always Squirtle.  




 The funniest thing in the Internet. 




 This is mortifying.  




 Glitter Magnet!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJbYMHLmamE sns=em 




 I have a mint condition replica of Fred Flintstone's car.  




 Thanks, that was a great explanation. I understood a little about the pathways in the brain so that all made perfect sense. Thanks again! :) 




 Ah, Cambridgeshire :'( 




 It's, "The Universe doesn't REVOLVE around you".

Meaning you aren't the centre of everything.  




 Shit would just pour out of me.  




 My town was in East Anglia... 




 I come from a small town in England of about 20,000 also, and I too have moved to Australia. 

Stood at some traffic lights, and I look at the girl next to me. She was from my class in secondary school. We freaked out.  




 Could you elaborate please? Very interested.  




 Haha, this is awesome. I will be like this when I'm old.  




 We guarantee you'll be back for more! 




 Or how to start a fire with a coke can and some toothpaste. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4iwrPKVuoTQ feature=youtube_gdata_player 




 Haha awesome! But it gave me the horrible feeling in my stomach like, "Shit! Did I do my homework?"

I finished school 6 years ago.  




 Allen: What!? A pimp? Were you even listening to the story?

 




 Haha, needs more upvotes! 




 This needs more upvotes, please.  




 I was just making a joke. :) 




 Be middle-class and white.  




 Thanks 




 Just do what you can to do what you love. 

And be mindful when someone out there gives a shit. 

-Lyrics- Fireworks: I Locked My Time Capsule 




 I prefer it the other way around. In my eyes, life is too short to work all the time.  

- explore the only planet you'll ever live on
- work when you need some cash
- rinse; repeat

 




 Can anyone help to explain this to me? I don't know what 'atta boy' means.  




 Black off, it's my turn! 




 I wish I knew what your TL;DR felt like :'( 




 You are a PIMP! 




