 Last I heard he was an alcoholic and probably dabbling in hard drugs 




 CD: $20

Supporting favourite bands: priceless

Multimedia backup: infinitely priceless 




 Even an amateur can take primals and subprimals apart easily enough. We had a hog carcass (bled and eviscerated) brought to class in culinary school, it only takes 5 minutes to learn. 




 Or become Flash..? 




 Casuals. My household does that in a week 




 Pack your bags, boys. We found the brown note. 




 It wasnt really a big issue until the last 5-6 months if i was gaming for hours at a time. Now its retired to college use only and never runs hot. 




 My almost four year old Pavilion dv-7 notebook was decommissioned from gaming in january, but for lasting three years and tens of thousands of hours of gaming it was as reliable as they get. Also had a wireless mouse i bought around the same time, still works minus scrolling. 




 I'm in the culinary industry, 90% of the knives used are Victorinox and Henckels, until you start looking at a uber-expensive specialty knives like Damascus steel.

A good Victorinox 10" french is about $60. 




 Had Cave's voice in my head until coughing. Switched to Peter Parker's boss from there on. 




 My D1 brother loves to play initiate-heavy junglers (Lee Sin main). Whenever I watch him play, he always screams at the screen "the day I get any follow-up from my team is the day Asians don't win LCS again." 




 Is this what Rick-rolls have come to?

Sidebar, had to explain Rick-rolls to a foreign exchange friend. She now tries to Rick-roll me 4-5 times a day.

Edit: what, not was. 




 Wards let you know what's coming...?

When I support I light up that jungle like a forest fire. 




 Damn, my subconscious made an archery pun for me. Nice catch! 




 Used to shoot competitive archery with a leftie. Couldn't draw but damn he could hit those targets at 100 yards pretty well. Last I saw him he was training for worlds. Wonder what my bud Keenan is up to now. 




 Loosely tied into this, equal gender pay. I like to think I'm alright with social progress, but I will not support equal pay rights so long as I have to pay for every dinner, coffee, movie, etc.

In 7 relationships, not once did any of the ladies offer to cover the bill. Only one would pay for her half, sometimes. 3 of them made more than me too. 




 Meet my mother. Couldn't even say I'm athiest in a non-religious home. 




 We all know this woman. Know-it-all, thinks she's everyone's friend, uses feminism as an excuse for lack of hygiene. That's the Becky I (unfortunately) know.

Fucking Becky. 




 Last night... tonight... tomorrow leftovers... with other family in a couple weeks...... 




 It's like we have a holiday celebrating harvest season before theres frost and/or a metre of snow! 




 Calm down, Zeus. 




 There's a couple factors why I haven't carried cash in years. First of all, its inconvenient. Why should I waste my time, a cashier's time, and the time of others in line finding enough coin and bills to pay, when I can stick or tap a card at a device, and be out in under 15 seconds? Other factors are, my wallet doesn't have a change pocket, and neither do I feel like keeping change loose in my pockets. Also, cash is a liability. Most muggings do not end up in violence if you show your wallet has nothing but secure cards, at least where I'm from. 




 Food trucks here take debit, and half of them take credit as well. 




 Speaking on behalf of fellow Canadians, its called a "creeediiit caaaard" (or debit). Makes life easy and you can track how you waste your money poorly. 




 Padded seat backs? Here in Canada, that"padding" was 5mm sheet steel. 




 Not only normal, but professional. This is what we do in restaurant kitchens to keep clubhouses and such looking well made. 




 Fixed... 




 Pepsi is never ok in Canada either (you know, that thing north-er than north?). You either drink coke or you don't have tastebuds. Fact. 




 Being in college, I have no motivation (or energy) to focus on a lot of hardcore gaming or anything anymore, so I've been binging all 10 seasons of Stargate: SG1 for the last two weeks. Crack a beer and relax, no regrets! 




 Go listen to Just Like Heaven by The Cure, happens to me too 




 Its a matter of not knowing what you want. A story/example I had recently sums it up. A friend of mine wanted to make a gift basket for her friends birthday, so we went over to the liquer commission to find some wine. Well there's literally walls of wine in the place, from every corner of the world. She had no clue what she wanted, but I know a little bit from purchasing and making wine. Told the guy working there she wants something sweeter, with tones of bitter and dry. This guy had a suggestion almost immediately. 




 Found the Canadian, guys! Yay Great White Northerners 




 Just bought that album on CD last week, amazing study music 




 Its 2014, I was barely old enough to remember '97 forward, and I'm still rocking Dire Straits. 




 Does it really matter? It's the Beastie Boys, everything they are is an insult to the Rock Hall of Fame. 




 Its nice to know we have standards for food in Canada. 




 Referring to calling out the incompetence of target callers/other bad players? Granted I'm not the best player of any game out there, but when a team functions better ignoring the group leader, there's a problem. 




 One silence, one free fear, one fear that consumes shadow orbs. Hardly a lot of cc. Oh and a talent for roots or stationary fearing fiend if you walk near it. Granted I can drop it on your face, but its easy to get away from.

Its the warrior/druid cc monkeys that need to calm down.

I main a warlock as well, and while I agree cc is out of control, fears are literally my survivability. Not only am I losing most of this or its getting nerfed into the ground, I lose my only defensive cd as well. Warlocks are being gutted and it's why I probably won't pvp after 6.0 anymore, until Blizzard realizes they literally killed a class's viability.

Edit: grammer, spelling, priest content.

Edit 2: currently 1500 RBG rating, easily could have been 2.2k plus if I got along better with bad target callers. 




 My grandpa once said, "if it has tits or tires, it'll cost you a lot of money." Applies here too. 




 Inaccurate. Engineers actually work.

Otherwise spot on! 




 Sonething, something, joke about his ugly sweater-vests. Yeah, sounds about right! 




 No need for an army, give Canadians hockey sticks and tell us [insert bad guys here] have the puck 




 They w0t m8?

Edit: damnit guys this is my top comment? Alright I'll take it.. 




 Winnipeg checking in. Transit drivers are some of the worst drivers. If you don't have your ass bolted to the seat, prepare for a scary ride.

To make it relevant to the thread, Winnipeg Transit operators need to let people find a seat before slamming the gas or brakes. 




 Seriously though, when I'm with friends or whatever, phone is just a way to tell time. 




 630 class here. Still wearing a nice sweater (not some slack-jaws hoodie) and leather shoes. 




 Great White North isn't much better. If I make plans, I call (not text), to make surr plans are still good. And then I wonder why I'm the only one that does this. 




 How I love Tap with Mastercard. The second the Veriphone says accepted I say no receipt and get the hell out of the way. 




