 I wish they wouldn't try to super-charge this information with overblown words i.e., "astonishing." It's meaningless and I think trivializes the report. 

Saying, Rate of glacier melt accelerating, is scary enough.  




 I stayed earlier this year at a Trump hotel in Vegas for work conference. The price was on par, and maybe even less, than some of the on-strip hotels. The Trump hotel is slightly off Strip, located on right side of the Fashion Mall. (You can cut through the Fashion Mall to get to the Venetian or Mirage.) The hotel was actually pretty good. The rooms had sinks, fridges, and coffee maker. There may have been a stove top/microwave there (but can't recall.) Very solid place, and the convenience store had things like cereal and milk and other breakfast foods. Prices were reasonable. Staff was very nice and professional. In total, the room amenities were heads above most of the Vegas hotel rooms I've been stuck in (for conferences) that don't even have coffee makers. The Trump hotel didn't have a casino and I actually enjoyed the sanity. The only issue was on check-in. They try to upsell you slightly more expensive room, pulling out a book to look at. I had no interest, but the fellow in line before me spent what seemed like 10 minutes considering an upgrade. I waited patiently.... 




 I think that's great. They allow folding bikes on Marc and Baltimore has some outstanding places, including a Italian section with some good food.  




 This is super. It's a real washboard for considerable lengths.  




 There aren't many areas in DC where they can build tall apartment buildings. Established neighborhoods will oppose them because of concerns that the taller buildings will block views and light. Exceeding current height limits will be a pitched battle in many neighborhoods.  




 There's always Eye/I street 




 The piece now has (as of 11:15 a.m. ET) a new lede that matches the on-air video report (although there were still errors in the text. The fix was probably rushed). The video report is fine. The online text version is, as the OP notes, a mess. 

This original text report the OP cited is so messed up that it was obviously a mistake. It almost seems as if someone accidentally published some notes.   
 




 Here's my question: 

What's your stance on gambling, either online gambling or a casino? 

(Reason for question: Once Maryland builds a major casino at National Harbor, people may complain that D.C. is losing tax revenue. Similar arguments were raised in Massachusetts as a rationale for approving casino gambling in that state. Many Mass residents drove to Connecticut to gamble there. So before this becomes an issue in D.C.,  I think it is important to know how candidates feel about it today.)   









 - Maryland is building a casino in National Harbor. Do you think D.C. should respond by allowing a casino within the District?

- How do you feel about bicycle lanes? Should the city expand them and how aggressively - would you pick up the pace? How important is bicycle safety and what would you do to maximize it?

- Considering the recent scandal in campaign financing, what changes do you think are needed to campaign finance laws in the District?

- How do you feel about FOIA and online access to city documents? 

- Do you support a bid to get the Olympics in the District? 

You know, if anything, maybe we can at least crowdsource questions. 

 




 I'm actually surprised that we still need to state the case about human complicity.  




 Good point. I'm a little put off by the "terrifying" click-candy usage. There's nothing especially new here; the report refines some predictions, narrows time frames, but generally affirms consensus. Anyone who is familiar with the science and ponders feedbacks at all, considers the possibility of a methane releases in the arctic, and acidification on the food chain, is already, in a sense probably terrified or at least worried sick for future generations. Trying to scare people with yet another alarmist headline doesn't work. What we need is for elected officials to come around to the reality of the problem.  




 You can live in dull-as-crap Berlin or an equally charming suburb. You can spend your weekends mowing your expansive lawn, and devote a major portion of your household budget to maintaining two cars. You can also sit around with your neighbors and work yourself up into a froth about Connecticut's "dangerous" cities. And, as we all know, nothing bad ever happens in Connecticut's suburban towns. They are islands of sanity. 

Or you can seriously take a look at New Britain, Hartford, New Haven, or some other city and imagine being part of a diverse community. You can consider how being close to the arts, shopping and entertainment might enrich your life. The concept of "walkability" might enter your life. You can downsize to one car. Ride your bike. Live a healthier lifestyle or rot away in a suburban town.   




 What if they say three weeks processing for returned cashiers check? (This sounds like a horrible rule and completely, totally unnecessary, especially since they are doing a credit check.)  




 Ok, so what happens if they don't rent to you. Do they return the check, uncashed? How long can they hold these funds up? And what if you have a sudden change of mind about the place, or find something else?  









 How do you measure productivity in DC? Half the people in this town have jobs where they are paid to drink: lobbyist, journalists, elected officials.  




 I love Connecticut and lived there all my life until 1998 and now live in DC. I'm in my late 50s, but have many friends and family in the state and visit often. When I visit, I often hear people talk about leaving the state. The property taxes, for instance, on my sister's house are $4,600 a year and she can barely afford the bill. It won't be affordable in retirement, and that's the truth of it. It's a simple ranch in Northern Connecticut. I hear my friends complain as well. They think about leaving. Since moving, I've gotten much more familiar with the mid-Atlantic states and how they run themselves. They do some things better than Connecticut. I don't mean to be  negative. There's a lot to like about the state. It is beautiful. But there are bunch of things the state can do to reduce its tax burdens and run more efficiently. Here are my recommendations:   

1. Move to county/regional services. It's an incredible waste of money for towns and cities to pay for their own administrations, finance, information technology, police, fire, etc., for small geographic areas. This duplication contributes to high local property taxes. 

2. The taxing system and economic development effort should be regional. Take New Britain. When the factories closed, it lost its downtown to West Farms Mall. That's a simplification, but there's truth to it. Farmington gets New Britain shoppers and most of the property tax benefit. To compensate for this lack of a regional tax system, the state waste money on economic development projects in the urban areas that actually end up accomplishing little. Hartford has been an economic development sinkhole since Constitution Plaza.  

3. Get rid of property taxes on cars. It's absolutely the most horrible tax. 

4. Adopt a homestead tax provision. If you live in your home, DC reduces your assessed value by $38,000. It's a significant savings. The trade off may be higher income and sales taxes.  

5. Adopt alternative means of transportation. Connecticut's bus system is a total joke. Many communities lack sidewalks, and forget about bike lanes. The state is overly car dependent, and that makes it very expensive.  


  




 40 and you call yourself a geezer?  




 I do this. But I pass as gently as possible, sometimes say 'excuse me' and exercise caution, especially since I assume the person doesn't know the custom and may behave in an unpredictable manner.    




 I was unimpressed with this piece. Explain please: What is accomplished by heaping everything on the Republicans? The Democrats have been quietly complicit. They have not pushed as hard as they might on this issue because the policy decisions are extraordinarily difficult. Frankly, I think a lot of Democrats are taking cover on Republican denial. It's too easy to blame the Republicans for everything.  I'm disappointed in the full spectrum of political leadership, including the White House's actions to date. Even if the Democrats owned both chambers, I question whether they would be much better than the Republicans in addressing climate change.  




 Well, eat, shoots, and leaves me: Whatever on the headline. 

The report itself is very clear that young voters are an election threat to the stupid, ignorant and bribe-soaked elected officials among us. 

Now, if only my we're-to-busy-watching-tv generation of baby boomers would rally to action ... 

 An overwhelming majority of voters under 35 understand the threat of climate 
change and already see the harmful effects of it, or expect to in their lifetime. 

 66% of young voters say climate change is a problem to address, while just 27% say 
climate change is a natural event that humans cant affect, and only 3% dont believe 
climate change is really happening.

 Similarly, 65% say climate change is already affecting us or will in their lifetimes. 

 This recognition of the threat, coupled with the age groups strong favorability towards the 
President, leads to intense support for action.

 80% support the President taking action to address climate change.

 Among those favorable to the President, nearly all support him taking action.

 But even among the minority who are unfavorable to him, 56% support action and just 
38% oppose.

 This widespread and intense support translates into a willingness to punish 
legislators who stand in the way of the Presidents plan... and to support those who 
back it.

 79% say they are more likely to vote for someone who supported these steps 

 73% say they are less likely to vote for someone who opposed these steps 




 The best source on what is wrong with Metro is http://unsuckdcmetro.blogspot.com/

But it hasn't published in about a month.

Anyone know why? 


 




 Many lists are hosted by Yahoo. You can find them here: http://dir.groups.yahoo.com/dir/1600044556 




 I bough at Dahon Mariner for $200 on craigs list from a fellow who was relocating. It was about 10 years old. I brought it to a bike shop and had them make a few adjustments and parts upgrade. I've been super happy with the decision. That bike sells new for about $600. You can find new folding bikes for around $200 from some makers, but not sure about the quality of some of the bikes.  




 I'm not suggesting that the ice on Greenland or Antarctica will melt in 25 years, but I do believe the trend and patterns will be pronounced by that point.  




 People are so clueless about how to lock their bikes. They may lock the frame to rack, but the thief will take both wheels.  




 Not to complicate this too much: But consider a folding bike. You can bike from GW to Metro Center in about 10 min and it's flat. (I once lived on 24th near hospital and made this same trip) Folding bikes are allowed during rush hour. And once you get to Brookland, you won't have to worry about the shuttle. They may even allow you to take a folding bike on shuttle.  




 You will love it even more once they shut the government down! 




 There are striking similarities between Climate Change denial and what happened during the early years of the AIDS epidemic. One in particular. In the early years of AIDS it was becoming increasingly clear that it was being spread via blood (this was before the virus was discovered). Babies were getting ill as were drug users. But there was resistance from the blood bank industry, which attacked the science and epidemiological work  making these connections. That didn't last long because the accelerating rate of infections made it impossible to ignore the problem. 

However, here's another way to look at how the AIDS epidemic unfolded. Imagine that each year of the initial outbreak was actually 10 years. Something akin to dog's life math. And all of a sudden it begins to look like what's going on with climate change. If you use the decade of the 1990s as year one, (Hansen's testimony in 1988 as the starting point) then we are in year 2.5 of real climate change awareness and action. 

The first Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report on what would eventually became known as AIDS appeared on June 5, 1981. It received little attention. The national news media only gave AIDS attention when it began to expand beyond the gay population, and even then attention was minimal. Policy makers, with few exceptions, ignored it. It wasn't until the problems cascaded and the number of cases grew that AIDS became a true national issue. 

This past June marked the 25th anniversary of Hansen's testimony, and I would say that the awareness and level of action about climate change is about on par with AIDS at its 2.5 year point. It took about five years for AIDS to get truly recognize for what it was. Although the deniers (and that includes people who considered it a gay disease alone) were still at work five years into the AIDS epidemic, they were being marginalized. But it took about five years for the U.S. to begin to turn real attention and money toward combating AIDS.

It will take another 25 years before the world is truly ready to deal with climate change. By then, the polar cap should be just about gone if not gone. The evidence from Greenland, Antarctica, and temperature records, will be inescapable. Similar to the number of AIDS cases at the five year point, the evidence will be beyond rational dispute.  Today, the people who deny climate change, the policy makers who refuse to deal it, and a public that refuses to understand it, still hold sway. Such as it was with AIDS when you adjust the time scales. We have a long way to go before real action is possible.  




 Update Monday Aug. 5: The entire wall was was being painted over white at 9 a.m.   









 I have a counterview: I really do think most people recognize that something is amiss. They know the growing seasons have changed, and patterns have shifted. That's my experience in talking with folks, especially older relatives. But they aren't asked the right questions in surveys that attempt to assess knowledge about climate change. 

Ask people about what they experience and see. Ask them whether they have noticed changes in growing season of plants in their backyards, different patterns in the arrival of some bugs. Ask them if they are noticing slightly earlier springs. Ask them about their memory of the weather. 

I think the answers will be a lot different than just asking them about "climate change."

It takes a sophisticated level to have the basics of climate change denial. People don't think like that. People who say they don't accept "climate change" may not even really know what "climate change" is, and aren't connecting the concept with what they observe in their world. I find, especially when talking with older people, that the best approach is to ask them what they observe. 
  




 This is just another way of saying that everybody does it (selectively ignores the law), so it's ok. Personal responsibility demands that you respect the rules, even if you think it's unfair because others ignore them. 

 




 The steel security bars appear to be very nice. And the matching beige cubicle wall and curtains, well, it just simply took my breath away! I'm impressed by your harsh and lean aesthetic. I mean, there's nothing on the cubicle walls! Imagine looking all day at bare beige cubicle walls. What discipline. What wonder. That must intensify your focus on the task at hand, as you work under the shadow of the steel bar caged windows.    




 Here is a broad overview of the system and what they expect it can deliver in terms of increased resolution, from 27km to 13km by next spring. http://www.computerworld.com/s/article/9241087/NOAA_goes_live_with_new_weather_supercomputers 




 UK hijacked story. Go here: http://www.computerworld.com/s/article/9241087/NOAA_goes_live_with_new_weather_supercomputers 




 Maybe redditors can crowdsource photos and pick a few people as likely suspects. Start with anyone wearing green.  




 This story isn't spam.  




 Obviously you are rejecting the science that links the increases in extreme weather to climate change. People who take positions that can't be defended very well have to turn to insult, which you are now doing. I'm done with you.  




 If you *combine* all the records in the DC area that have been set in the past decade or so, a pattern presents itself: A lot more weather records are being broken now than before. My point, and forgive me for not being clear, is that the sum total of accelerating record breaking is strongly indicative of climate change.  




 The headline on the story is about how the latest heatwave set a irecord/i. 




 They've been able to drill into ice cores going back many years and have run analysis on C02 concentrations and temperatures. C02 is rising, global temperatures are rising, and if you haven't noticed lately, the glaciers, ice caps and Greenland are all melting. Exactly what sample size are you waiting for?  




 The post is about another record being broken. It's not about the weather.  




 It can stay at 80+ plus for the next six months and The House GOP will still be in denial about climate change.  




