 hmmm seems like he overslept and didn't get a chance to read his script before the show  




 GO BERNIE!!!
 




 Point taken.  You are right.
 




 I'm serious...I wish people would stop judging other people by their skin color, religious beliefs, orientation etc.  I am not proud to be a white american. 




 I cannot understand why this seems to be a partisan issue at all.  Sexual abuse is the same regardless of your political or religious beliefs.  Why would these politicians speak out in support of sexual abuse? 




 who knows? Probably millions, those sneaky bastards! /s 




 awesome!!! It's going to Bernie!!! 




 I wish I could upvote this more than once.  PERFECT!!!! 




 *You ask for it.*

So you think she should be a beggar?  

Do you give money to homeless people with signs?   




 I never looked at her as a "charity case"  She was a kind, loving woman who did the right thing, as did her husband and healthcare costs made her a charity case 




 wouldn't you consider a sick person with say cancer needing treatment or someone who needs insulin to treat diabetes as someone who might be desperate?  And where I live anyways if that person does not have a college degree they are probably making $15/hour or less...now if you add health problems, or mental health issues, caring for aging parents, addiction or any other stress, don't ya think we need to help them out?  and collectively we can make sure that those basic needs are met.  I think you are assuming people just don't want to work or pay, they just want a free ride, and sure those people are out there, but they are in the minority
For example we had a family friend when I was young who was 58 and her husband died of brain cancer.  She had health issues herself don't remember what I was young, but I do know she had metal rods in her for something. She had been a stay at home mom and her husband had worked for a place that built big bulldozers and equipment.  Well they weren't rich, but had a nice home and had saved for retirement.  When her husband died they had drained most of the savings on his medical bills then when she got sick and had to have surgery and therapy etc. she had nothing left.  She applied for aid and was denied because she owned a house, so she sold her house and moved into low income housing, had to get rid of her dog because he couldn't be there it was just such a sad story and she was such a nice sweet lady.  And all this time she was so sick too.  I guess that has made an impact on me and I don't want to see that happen to anyone. 




 I think you see taxes as robbery, and I don't so that is where we disagree...I am all for universal healthcare, because I don't want people whether they are family or strangers to die without healthcare so that I can have a little more money in my 401k 




 I would hope that my life is more important than anyones money, and if  i was starving, I can't say I wouldn't steal out of someones garden or something to stay alive....do you think that is bad? 




  I am outraged. I'm outraged that people are insured who should be paying out of pocket or going without treatment. I'm outraged that, to pay for it, the government has to either tax (meaning I lose money), borrow (keeping the interest rate low which means since I'm an investor rather than a borrower I lose money), or inflate the currency (which, again, since I have investments makes them worth less and I lose money

You believe some people who can't afford to pay should go without treatment?  Not everyone can afford it, but everyone is somebody's  
son, daughter, mother, father, brother, sister, or grandparent...if poor people get sick, do you believe that we should leave them to die? Is money more important that a persons life? 




 Well, I'd be super suspicious of a hello kitty wallet too /s
 




 Very well said.  I don't agree with you  about the size of government or that it is evil, it is the politics you cannot trust, but your position on vaccines makes sense to me.  I think government should be bigger with lots more us citizens working in and for the government, so that more people benefit and are better represented.  I am pro choice, and completely agree that the government has no business telling you what to do with your body  




 hear here
 




 A race between Sanders and Paul would make me proud to be an American again
 




 Go home Arizona...you're drunk
 




 


cheeseheads
 




 The Republicans have a message??  I thought they just hated on the liberals...what exactly IS their message???
 




