 That's because you actually have to work to get to Carnegie Hall. 




 Store is busting with savings! 




 Only when you are happy with your story can you just shift to simple editing. Unfortunately as an author it's hard to ever say "I'm done!" When you can upload another version in a matter of minutes.  




 And as a gif it all plays at 2Fps. 




 Every work I have done uses multiple POV's. Keep them clearly defined and you will have no problems. 




 It isn't a big deal. It's your choice, and I have known many couples that are happy with that choice.

It wasn't the same for me, but that was my choice.

You get one life, live it the way YOU want. 




 Brandon Sanderson is a good start,
Or an unknown indie working on breaking into the field,
Jamie Heppner.

Both are available via amazon. 




 Populus?
 




 Novel is done,

Sales are slow,

Need more readers.

Promotion didn't do near as well as I had hoped.


Sadness had followed. 




 Was one of the biggest jokes in Canadian history.

I actually dated one of his friends...guy was a chronic smoker. 

However, pot is not a enhancing substance, if anything it slowed him down.  




 Still think it's a joke? 









 Perhaps re-read your own post, and the follow up posts. You will soon find that I never said it was the (best show ever)

I did however question whether or not you actually watched it.
As for the reasons I love it? 
I found it entertaining. 
I connected with the characters and felt the loss when they were killed in the wrap up movie.
I saw a story line that was only given the shortest of time to scratch the surface of potential.
However, that doesn't mean a damn thing to you, and it shouldn't, because it's my opinion. AND your thread asked for that. 

Anything else you want to try and ditch me on? 




 Well I can understand from what you have said why you wouldn't enjoy it. After all, reading the last chapter of a book first is the best way to truly enjoy the work.

And all the reasons you just cited why you didn't enjoy it were a great argument for your own case...


Oh wait. 




 Do you really need to ask that? 

By your question alone we can tell you have never watched it... 









 As a little back story. I have been an e-book author for a long time. After more than a little pushing by my friends and readers, I decided to get one of my books into an actual physical copy. 

It's been a long road, but I am glad to say I've made it! Now, off to finish up the next one and get it paperback ready. 









 I start with the basics. Who are the players, what are they doing, and what just went wrong.

From there all you have to do is try and keep up. 




 If you were to take away most technology, you would end up back in a more western setting. That being said, if you were in an eastern society, you would end up in a similar situation, with an eastern twist of course.

A good read with a modern twist is -The Event- dystopian future mixed with fantasy elements and historic elements for flavour. 




 I just read this thread and its replies, I am sorry but what I see is you have an opinion on writing and you wish evyone else to see things your way. Unfortunately, there is a time and a place for using the word -said- in your writing. Some people may over use it, others might ejaculate another word in its place too often. The only right answer is to use it whenever you feel like in your own writing.

If I have only learned one thing in my writing life it would be...

Write the way you want.

For every person that loves what you do, there will be two more that think it's crap. 




 Actually, that would be...Well, that's emarrassing. 




 Eat your vegetables.

#Shiver 




 You might want to look closer. Here if a child is removed as an infant it is often the case that foster parents raise them for life. Might be worth looking into. 




 I don't know what country you are in, but if it is in Canada, you might want to look into a foster program. You can foster a child from shortly after birth, and in many cases it turns out to be long term/life. 

I know it isn't the same, but...? 




 2011

Yes, Rabies kills. 

So far there is only 1 case of anyone surviving. 

Well done.  




 First thing, use double enter to put a break in your paragraphs, this will make that wall of text a lot easier to read.

Just like that.

Edit up that mess, and we will look again. 




 If you set all this up in word you can see the page count, or else just put it into Createspace and it will tell you the page count as well.  




 Yep, and I just replied to her. 




 2500 up front, but later he was paid 400k, of which he got exactly half. Still about 399453 more than I have made from selling my works. 




 If you have time to sit here and use reddit, you have time for a part time job.  




 I am really sorry, but without a day job to pay your bills, odds are you will not make a living as a writer. I have been writing for almost 6 years and I don't make much at all per month. Almost every dollar I do make goes back into my writing somehow. 
Perhaps it will all change now that I have actual paperbacks coming out, but only time will tell. 
Keep writing, never stop, but don't expect to get rich from it. It just doesn't happen very often. 




 You rock!

And speaking for my wife, who has the same problems with her mother, I will point you out to her in the hopes your story can offer her some inspiration. 









 4 over the last 5 days? How are you still sane?  




 As long as they remembered their towel, everything will be okay. 




 I have done some extensive beta reading, if you need another please send me a PM. A couple pages to my email, and I can show you what I can do. 




 You are far too enlightened to simply be a cab driver. 




 Write a book. Seriously. You might not get rich, but I wouldn't mind reading it. 


If you don't know how to write one, talk to me, or one of a couple hundred other authors on here to help you. 




 Shhhh, don't cry. 




 Most of my family doesn't read, or care, about what I write. The few who do understand that I am writing a story, not a personal diary. 

Give them a shot, you might be surprised. 




 A picture of a hand pushing through a reflection in a mirror, while still showing the reflection. 




 On the rims, maybe. Practice a bit on something else to learn how far away to hold the spray can. Too far, mist. Too close, runs.

Calipers don't matter as much, hard to see, and if you do have runs the angles will hide any poor spraying problems. 




 Google + YouTube.

However, cleaning is key, specially for the calipers. As for rims, clean and a good etch primer is a great place to start.

More prep you do, better result you will get. 




 You are 19 and you just learned your parents have sex...

News flash son...you were created somehow. 




 BC has some of the highest taxes anywhere. It cost me $1.76 just to type this.  









 As far as I have found, KSP is the only conflict I have found in self publishing. 




 Nailed it. 




 I think you have missed the point of this anology.  




 I think it's more like the ideas are the blueprints. Houses and foundations can be fixed. Blueprints are worth only the paper they are printed on.
 




 I have a core of 4. I don't anyone to tell me how awesome my work is, I know it has flaws. I just need my beta readers to rip it up and tell me what doesn't work. Honesty is worth gold when you have to depend on others. 




 No. This was just taken yesterday. Mama wasn't happy to see us, lots of huffing and stamping. 




 Funny, I will tell that to my wife... 




 Canadian here, we wave and say hi.
 









 Have you ever passed on a book to only have it succeed elsewhere?  




 At least they didn't explode...

Next time, used computer fans for cooling, quiet and run off cheep rechargeable batteries.  




 This is the best thing I have seen on Reddit in a long time! Awesome!  




 Missed the title somehow. 

The book is called "Mirror Thief" And will be out soon in hard cover and e-book.  




 His parents ignore him.


His motorcycle is trashed from the accident.


He has nowhere to sleep, no money left, and no job to earn more.
With few options open to him, Dario's future is dark, and depression is sneaking around the frame of his world.


That is until his fingers push through the boundary of the reflection in front of him, and he learns that he can move through a world others can only see.


Now... can he use this to fix the errors of his past, or will crime be the only option?
 




 -The Event- By J. Heppner on Amazon. 

It's got a little of everything in it. I hear that it's even going to paperback in the next month or so... 




 My wife is a SAHM and she works a lot harder than I do. It's a tougher job than most people think, and you should take pride in the fact you appear to be doing it right. 




 He's got my vote, and I will read (and have) anything he puts out. If someone were to compare my writing to his, I would take it as a big complement. 




 Or you could have clicked the save button way up top instead of getting down voted... 




 Level up armor, weapons, and spells...you can still do it. Just makes you win worth more solo! 




 Depends on if you do bosses solo or with help...everyone has a harder time with diff bosses. 




 I'm still stuck at the hundredaire...perhaps one day I might see the thousandaire...time will tell. 




 Plenty of good advice already, so I will just inject the humor...

Bbbrrraaaiiinnnsss.... (said in a zombie slur) 




 Maybe you need to step back from the screen now and again. Sounding a touch too hurt for something -you- have seen before. 




 Inconceivable that two people could have the exact same thought, at different times. 




 Hit the friend button, say thanks for the help, and see what happens. 




 -The Event- has a touch of that, thrown in with some Apocalypse terror. 




 You know where the breaker panel in your house is?  




 Check your breakers, reset the one that has the hot water tank on it. 




 My wife and I just left the theater, and almost every person left their garbage behind. When did this become okay? Are we a civilization of slobs that just simply expect others to clean up after us?  




 Do. You. Have. A. Canoe. I. Could. Borrow. Please. 




 It doesn't matter what you saw at the end, all those memories you just shared are what made him special.

Wherever he is now, he knows you miss him, and loves you too. 




 Fuck. That. Shit. You are perfect the way you are. 

If that's all people care about, you are with all the wrong people.

You need someone to talk to, let us know. We are all people just like you. 




 Yes, worst faceswap in the history of the sport. Not my doing... 









 You sound like a budding author. Time to dig out the pen and paper. Get those raw thoughts down! 




 Poorly, I mostly look at cat pictures. 




 Word of the day toilet paper.

Someone had to put some humor in! 




 Nice to know I have been outselling at least 1 other other on Amazon. Sorry I don't really have a question for you...yet. 




 I think you missed the link you intended to add. 




 Longest loading gif ever... 




 It took me almost four years. I started with over 25k in debt, at about 21 years old. 

And a general labourer is a decent trade. Throw out an add in craigslist for a helping hand worker or try to find a roofing crew. With effort you will dig yourself out. 




 What skills do you have?
Side jobs for cash can make a big difference.

It will take work, but you can do it. I know so, because I have done it. 




 If I plan ahead, it never gets done. My characters tend to write themselves if I just get them started. 




 You mean ' It are wisdom are irrefutable' 

I will show myself out. 




 You need to meet my wife, she had to do this exact thing. Congrats! You are on the right road. 




 That's awesome! Small steps and never give up! 

The power of the mind is an amazing thing. 




 There is a piece of me in every one of my works. My wife can find them easily, but a general reader would never know.  




 Congrats! Now on to the next 100k :-)  









 Oddly, I don't. But! I was looking through old photos and screen shots and saw this. Made me laugh, it was still in the good old days of WarCraft. 









 I will have to give it some thought. Down side to pushing it is the bad press, and do I want this guys phone number in one of my books if I have just taken him to court? 




 I can't agree more, that's why I was so surprised he agree'd to do it this way from day one. He even approached me in the beginning. I didn't search him out. Sucks. 




 I have the written emails, as well as the chat logs online. He changed his mind. Can't afford his price, can't afford a lawyer. 




 It was supposed to be for recognition only. His name would be on cover, with phone and contact info inside. 









 My wife and I have been together for over 9 years, she sounds a little like you. She didn't much care for my flirtatious behavior, but has learned that it is just my personality. She is the one for me, and always will be. I don't want anyone else.

You are off to a good start by expressing your feelings, now, take everything you just wrote down, and tell him that.

Even if you have to show him the post, or copy and paste and print it out for him. 

The words will do you more good if spoken to the right person.

If he is as good as you say he is, you will be fine, and you both with grow a bit and move on in your joint relationship. 

 




 I hit up one of my local writing groups once, I was the youngest there by about 20 years at least ( I am 40) they were all very nice, but not much into what I was looking for.  




 No. They said without evidence, it must be disregarded. Aka without evidence, it doesn't exist.  




 Were you born in the 1800's? 

If you can't see something...it must not exist? 




 Just because you don't believe in something, doesn't mean it's not real. No matter what religion you follow, there is a punishment for wrong. Unless you are agnostic, in that case, it wouldn't matter either way. 




 Good for you! -sorta- As far as the car is concerned, if you want to PM what parts you need, I may be able to help some. (I am in the business)  




 Go out, find someone out there that is worse off. Do something nice for them, ask them what they need right now, the most. Doesn't have to be big.

Here is the hard part.

While you are doing it, watch them. Watch their face, reactions, find the feelings you are missing inside you, in them. You might find a door inside yourself open just a bit. If it does, don't slam it shut. 

Do it again. 




