 Right now? The Mamas and The Papas - [I Saw Her Again] (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vaIBZCLUQU)  




 The Name of This Band Is Talking Heads - Talking Heads 




 Humans landing on Mars. 




 Edit 




 The three R's: repetition, repetition, repetition. 




 This is my dream bass.... 









 Well, all the better games are usually more expensive... 














 Like the title says, I need a liquid or gel-like substance that will lubricate the fretboard without rusting the stings or ruining the neck and frets with prolonged usage. Something that wont drip or run down the guitar would be great.

Edit: Thanks for all of the helpful information! 









 It's actually a duel map with 22 civs and 3 city states. I don't know how this was possible, but I am using quite a few mods. Thanks for the answer! 




 I've been playing on a tiny map with 22 civs and all the land that can be claimed already has been, even the oceans. So I was wondering what happens to border growth when there's nowhere to go? Does it count towards culture? It is useless now? 




 So, what I want as a long lasting career is to be a grip on a movie set. I really love photography and cinematography, and I want to help make movies come alive.

I've already taken some steps towards achieving this goal by volunteering with for local community TV station and taking a few different digital media classes in my high school.

Is there anything else I can do to progress with my dream? 




 So, what I want as a long lasting career is to be a grip on a movie set. I really love photography and cinematography, and I want to help make movies come alive.

I've already taken some steps towards achieving this goal by volunteering with for local community TV station and taking a few different digital media classes in my high school.

Is there anything else I can do to progress with my dream? 









 Thanks! I was actually planing a trip to Taxco already! 




 The title says it all really. I've know that Mexico City has lots of museums and I'm looking forward to those. Sorry this is so vague right now, I wrote it in a hurry. 

Edit: I'm looking for anything that might have to do with music, traditional music preferably, and also I'm interested in fruits from Mexico that might not be readily available in the united States. 




 This game looks really promising so far. 




 From the looks of it, the player chooses whether they want to play lead, rhythm or bass at the start up of the game. How long does it take and how complicated it is to switch between these in game?   




 I mean what is the best invention that makes our lives somewhat easier?
Just some examples of the type of things I mean: scissors, band-aids, pens... simple objects. Sliced bread was first produced in 1928, so anything made after that is fair game. 




