 The government has to keep up the fear factor in order to keep Americans scared.

Can you think of a better way of keeping up support for the US' never-ending wars compared to manufacturing these "terrorism" cases?

 "In the past our politicians offered us dreams of a better world. Now they promise to protect us from nightmares." -- [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/programmes/3755686.stm) documentary "[The Power of Nightmares](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=The+Power+of+Nightmares)"  




  Saudi Arabia spends 13 times more money on its defense than Iran does. But somehow Iran, and not Saudi Arabia, is seen by the US as the potential aggressor.

Wow, just wow. 13 times. How many Americans would think the exact opposite is true?

We live in a bubble of propaganda. 














 By keeping the focus on poor Mexicans seeking to sneak across the border to work in the land we stole from Mexico in the 1840s, the capitalists that run and control the US economy stop people from wondering why all of our jobs are moving overseas.

Immigration has been an effective scapegoat and [wedge issue](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wedge_issue) since the ["Know Nothing" Party](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Know_Nothing) of the 1850s. And it still works today...

 "Theres class warfare, all right, but its my class, the rich class, thats making war, and were winning." -- Warren Buffett, the 2nd richest man in the world. 




  If you want to complain about the global elite

What? I never said a word about any global elite.

You're either putting words in my mouth or are jumping to wild conclusions based on your own stereotypes or erroneous thinking. My post was clearly focused on the US.

 Also your solution of "join the national guard"

Again, you're putting words in my mouth. As a veteran the last thing I would ever do is to suggest someone join our nation's war machine. My suggestion of the *Peace* *Corps* is pretty much the opposite, but its point was to answer the OP's question.

Have a nice day. 




  [Lubuntu] but lacks some of the fancy features modern OS design has gotten us used too.

Can you or anyone expand on that? TIA. 




 Oh, so we're supposed to ignore the impact of lobbying, FDR's famous observation "In politics, nothing happens by accident. If it happens, you can bet it was planned that way.", economic motives and incentives, and pretend that this system of debt peonage arose by accident?

 "Theres class warfare, all right, but its my class, the rich class, thats making war, and were winning." -- Warren Buffett, the 2nd richest man in the world. 




 Agreed. If Barry wanted to be a crackhead that's his business. We should copy Portugal's successful model and decriminalize *all* drugs.

The only thing I'd have against Barry would have been the hypocrisy of his police department arresting people for doing the same thing he was doing. 




 True, but with the mass media teaching people that accepting charity and government assistance is both degrading and bad, that sort of shaming may work on people with some sort of guilt complex. 




 That "evidence" was later found to not only come from Israeli sources, but was proven to be BS.

Currently, all dozen-plus US intelligence agencies unanimously agree that Iran has no nuclear weapons program and that has been their position for years and years.

But yet Israel -- which has hundreds of nuclear weapons and which has *not* signed the NPT -- cries wolf non-stop about Iranian nuclear weapons. 




 Join the Peace Corps or some other program/institution that will wipe out the student loan debt.

Other than that, have him bend over and smile because he's about to be sodomized by our bankster overlords who rule the country. Banksters have had our corporate-funded politicians create the student loan [debt peonage](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Debt_bondage) system so air-tight that there is basically no way to get out of it.

 "And the banks - hard to believe in a time when we're facing a banking crisis that many of the banks created - are still the most powerful lobby on Capitol Hill. And they frankly own the place." -- Illinois Sen. Richard Durbin, May 8, 2009. 




 Reuters' propaganda and spin is amazing:

 [training will be] likely focusing on issues like tactics and combat medicine,

"Tactics" sounds innocuous enough, and who can complain about training medics who save lives?!

Meanwhile, the fact that we funded the overthrow and arranged a coup d'etat of an elected government friendly to Russia located directly on Russia's border, a government which relies on neo-Nazi stormtroopers to stay in power (aside: those neo-Nazis are now getting restless and [have attacked the government](https://consortiumnews.com/2015/07/13/the-mess-that-nuland-made/) at least once), goes completely unmentioned by Reuters.

Instead of facts, Reuters gives us speculation and Pentagon talking points. :( 




 The amount of raw propaganda that people accept about Iran as true is astonishing. For example:

 Knowing that they're allowing inspectors into the country, I think it'll be hard to say Iran is trying to hide anything at all. 

But the US government *already* claims Iran is hiding things.

Iran signed the NPT long ago. All Iranian nuclear facilities have been under inspection and monitoring by the IAEA. That has gone on 24/7 for years and years. Previously Iran agreed to additional restrictions/inspections on its monitoring which are above and beyond what any normal country (e.g. Brazil, Japan) undergoes.

The controversy is that the US wants to inspect Iranian military facilities based on US *claims* that they're doing nuclear things at those facilities. Iran's position has been the normal position by NPT signatory nations that inspections only happen to facilities with nuclear materials.

Iran has a great deal of logic in resisting the US demands. According to former USMC officer and the head of UN weapons inspectors in Iraq, Scott Ritter has bluntly said that during the 1990s the US and Israel used UN weapons inspections to spy on the Iraqi military in clear violation of all international agreements. Ritter admits that he committed these crimes under US orders and his misplaced loyalty to the US government. This spying resulted in Iraq dragging its feet and hindering the weapons inspections because Iraq did not want its military spied on. The US government lied about the spying, accused Iraq of WMD skulduggery, and used Iraq's foot-dragging as an excuse to bomb Iraq.

With that history, it is completely logical that Iran does not want its military facilities inspected by the US using a ruse of nuclear inspections. But the Iranians swallowed this and the agreement has a panel that is supposed to decide whether the US gets to inspect various facilities when our war-loving government inevitably demands additional inspections. 




 At the time of this writing the post is 2 hours old. I wonder how long it'll be before the TIL moderators twist one of their rules or invent some reason to censor this post. 




 I don't get it -- what's that got to do with finance?

And it's just a damned "conspiracy theory" that the tower people were manipulating the villagers into building the tower for them...

/s 




 Don's a diabolical genius at milking free publicity, isn't he?!

But then again, should we expect anything less from a reality[sic] TV star? 




   since it is the long standing, mature democracy.

We're not a democracy, we never have been. We're a republic.

Our propaganda systems preach we're a democracy, but that just is not true. For example, the American people only got the power to vote for our Senators around the time of WWI. And as I said, we still do not elect the US president as the recent 2000 election showed (in that election, more of the American people voted for Al Gore compared to George Bush, but the US' ruling class wanted Bush in power, so the Supreme Court issued a warped ruling to do just that; and that wasn't the first time a US president was put into office that way).

The sad thing is that we're losing our republic. Today the US government breaks whatever laws it wants to with impunity. Our Bill of Rights has been shattered and is routinely violated.

Last year a group of researchers from Princeton University did a study and reported that the US was actually an "oligarchy". (I would argue some sort of plutocratic oligarchy, but the difference is trivial.) This study got a fair amount of media publicity, which was surprising (see [this](http://www.commondreams.org/views/2014/04/14/us-oligarchy-not-democracy-says-scientific-study) or [that](http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-echochambers-27074746)).

 But can you tell me where can I read more about this?

Okay, I'll take "this" to mean the problems with our electoral system, ballot access, and vote rigging/suppression. This is the tricky part. Off the top of my head I cannot think of any good books on the topic (though there are no doubt some).

Problems with our electoral system are *many.* But the big problem is that the issue is ignored by the corporate mass media. The media reports each instance individually, but they never put the individual instance into a greater context, and they never examine the system as a whole. After reporting on each incident, the media will then quickly move on to other news stories/infotainment.

People that do examine the electoral system as a whole and point out flaws are typically labeled "un-American" and are smeared as "radicals" or "conspiracy theorists" or some other disparagement.

But here are a few ways the electoral system is biased and rigged:

The plutocrats who control both the Republicans and Democrats work to make the entire electoral system as expensive as possible. This is done in many ways. Politicians have to pay for airtime on the corporate mass media -- thus, it is nearly impossible for candidates to get name recognition and publicity unless they are successful in begging for money. Presidential campaigns now cost over $1 *billion* -- and so we do not see candidates that are not approved of by the rich. Just the raw costs to simply get on the ballot in all 50 states costs well over $1 million -- again, a way to eliminate candidates that are not acceptable to the rich.

Even if a candidate gets on the ballot, they're still discriminated against. On election night, rather than treating all candidates equally the corporate mass media only reports on Republican and Democratic presidential candidates. Other so-called "third party" candidates (that "third party" label itself carries a type of bias which implies they're somehow an outsider or illegitimate candidate) have to wait days or weeks to just find out how many votes they got. For local elections, the discrimination is not as great, but the same trends and attitudes apply.

Ballot access is a major problem. Republicans and Democrats work to make it hard for candidates to get on the ballot, even for local elections. They claim that this is to prevent non-serious "frivolous" candidates while ignoring the fact that anyone has a *right* to be on the ballot. And the bottom line is that even in states that have relatively easy ballot access rules, they're not overrun with "frivolous" candidates. One way the 2 ruling parties restrict ballot access is to pass laws requiring a huge amount of signatures to get on the ballot, and that those signatures have to be collected in a very short time. This means that only a large, organized group can even attempt to get on the ballot. Another way of restricting ballot access is to require high fees from the state to check the signatures that have to be collected -- again, a way of using money to restrict ballot access.

In the post-Vietnam War era, the US passed a media access law that said that all candidates have to have equal media time. This is why today on our TVs we see the opposing Republican/Democratic party response after the president makes a speech. However, our corrupt courts have interpreted that law to apply to only Republicans and Democrats -- third-parties are ignored.

Even if a candidate gets onto the ballot the electorate is discriminated against. In many states, people who live in wealthy areas typically wait in line to vote for only a few minutes. But in poor areas, the wait in line to vote is often *hours* -- this is simply a way of biasing the vote. We have a long, dirty history of suppressing people's right to vote. We used to use everything from voting taxes to reading tests to discriminate and to deter poor people or black people from voting. We invented the entire system of "voter registration" in Pennsylvania to prevent/suppress uppity farmers from voting. But those old heavy-handed ways of suppressing people's right to vote have largely disappeared.

But as I said, we have a long history of this and it still goes on. Today many states are enacting requirements for people to have certain identification cards to vote -- a simply tactic to deter a percentage point or two of people from voting. (Intelligent voter suppression does not use heavy-handed methods; it rigs the vote using only small-but-significant percentage.) But the story is the same: The people being targeted for voter suppression are poor people, blacks and other minorities.

Give me some time to think about it and if I think of any good resources/books I'll add back to this thread.

 "How to get people to vote against their interests and to really think against their interests is very clever. Its the cleverest ruling class that I have ever come across in history. Its been 200 years at it. Its superb." -- Gore Vidal 




 Yellow dog Democrats might love the idea of regulating a Republican's deceptive ad. But that is a very slippery slope and when the karma comes back they'll scream.

Politically, there's no way the country would swallow regulating political ads -- the free speech implications are enormous.

What we should be doing is enforcing the truth in advertising laws on corporations. The Supreme ~~Corp.~~ Court has determined there is a difference between "political speech" and "commercial speech" and that we can have far stronger restrictions on the latter with no 1st Amendment concerns.

Thus, we should eliminate the concept of "puffery" that allows corporations to literally lie in their advertising, and to *strictly* enforce our existing truth in advertising laws.

Perhaps a decade or so after that is enacted we could talk about dealing with the ads of lying politicians... 




  Much of South Africa remains divided along racial lines, a stubborn legacy of apartheid government policies that forced black people to live in the worst areas while whites were handed the prime real estate.

Much of this "stubborn legacy" is due to the immoral deal that Mandela cut with the racist apartheid regime.

The key part of this deal was that the white racists gave up every government ministry *except* the finance ministry.

Refusing to give up control of the finance ministry meant whites were still in charge of the South African economy. This meant that the decades of ill-gotten economic gains, economic gains from an immoral system of near-slavery and racism, were protected and kept by the white racists.

The economy of South Africa today is *still* controlled by whites and their corporations, and that history is the reason for this "legacy" and is why millions of black South Africans still live in dire poverty today.

 "A nation should not be judged by how it treats its highest citizens, but its lowest ones." -- Nelson Mandela. 




 The post-coup Ukrainian government needs hard cash to continue to wage war on their rebellious people and to consolidate their shaky control over the country.

More neo-liberal economics aren't going to make the Ukrainian people happy, though it will make the billionaire oligarchs of the government ever richer. 




 Someone hire PBS a graphics artist! That's a crude and vague map. 




 Note how the rightist Washington Times focuses the story on unsubstantiated claims of a Russian troop buildup, a simple ruse to spin the story away from the real news -- that the neo-Nazi Right Sector openly attacking the oligarchic Ukrainian government.

Clearly the real threat is the Right Sector, and [the coup government is coming unglued](https://consortiumnews.com/2015/07/13/the-mess-that-nuland-made/). Heck, the story even uses a "save the children" claim of the neo-Nazis holding a 6 year old hostage -- classic propaganda to appeal to people's emotions! 




 This entire claim of a Russian troop buildup is the Ukrainian government's way of seeking more assistance and support from the US.

As you point out, the real threat to Ukraine is the neo-Nazi nationalists that the US used to overthrow the elected government last year.

Grab your popcorn -- it ought to be interesting to see the fight between the oligarchic Ukrainian government and their now-out-of-control neo-Nazi attack dogs. 




 With the Ukrainian neo-Nazis now battling the oligarchic Kiev government, is our corrupt government *still* trying to blame [the entire mess we created](https://consortiumnews.com/2015/07/13/the-mess-that-nuland-made/) on the Russians? 









 Fears of further Russian aggression -- what a joke.

With the Ukrainian neo-Nazis now battling the oligarchic Kiev government, is our corrupt government *still* trying to blame [the entire mess we created](https://consortiumnews.com/2015/07/13/the-mess-that-nuland-made/) on the Russians? 




  Now, lets watch my comment plummet into a horrible fireball of downvotes.

It seems you got your wish. But look at things honestly -- is the 2nd Amendment actually doing what you claim?

Let's see how the Bill of Rights is doing:

The 1st Amendment is weakened, the 4th and 5th Amendments are flat-out ignored. Haven't you heard that all of our phone calls, Internet usage and all electronic financial transactions are monitored? The 6th and 7th Amendments are casually and frequently ignored. We routinely ignore the 8th Amendment's provision on excessive bail for even trivial crimes, and we ignore its cruel and unusual punishment aspects on everything from our government's unapologetic use of torture to the writhing prisoners dying from lethal injections. The 10th Amendment was revoked by Lincoln, so I guess that's so old that it's not news.

I'd say the Bill of Rights is in *very* sad shape -- and the 2nd Amendment is not doing a damned thing. The 2nd Amendment is doing is primarily 2 things:

(1) It gives us a sky-high murder rate that is the embarrassment of the advanced countries of the world.

(2) It gives our evil government a rationale to militarize the police and to put more police on the streets.

The 2nd Amendment stopping tyranny? Clearly that is *not* happening.

If you think that civilians with AR-15s, pistols and hunting rifles can take on the combined might of the US military and police, you're nuts. We could not overcome the British in the 1700s without French cannons, French money, French troops and French ships; we certainly are not going to overcome the US government by force of arms.

The *only* resistance to tyranny today is to organize with others -- including sympathetic people in the police and military -- and to withdraw support from a corrupt government. The people of the USSR and Eastern Europe did this, and more recently the people of Egypt (until the US-backed/armed/trained Egyptian military overthrew their elected government).

Edit: Typos, clarity. 




 But, but, but Obama!

See, everything's okay now because we have a black president -- we're beyond race! /s 




 Not being stupid, Poitras knows the real reason.

She must just want to watch them squirm and see what sort of excuse they invent. 




 Yeah, but the other articles don't feature hard hitting criticism of the corruption of football and the way billionaire owners are getting the public to make them even more money.

So therefore, the post had to go. Reddit censorship at its finest! 




  I need not be in US to follow the US Presidential Elections 2016, as closely as any US resident would follow.

By "any US resident" I'm assuming you mean the average American citizen. If so, that's easy -- just ignore the political races as much as possible. Seriously.

Fully 1/2 of the American electorate refuses to participate in our sham elections -- and that's during presidential election years. In non-presidential election years the amount of people refusing to vote is even higher.

This is due to many reasons. We have a long, long history of vote rigging and vote suppression. But the system itself is corrupt almost beyond belief. Not only does the American people's vote for president not really count in most states (by the US Constitution, the Electoral College selects the president and not the American people), but our two corporate-controlled political parties have rigged the entire electoral system.

The rigging of the electoral system is done in many ways. Perhaps the most visible is the fact that only Republican and Democratic nominees get to appear on the nationally-televised presidential "debates".

If any so-called "third party" candidates arrive at the debates (no matter how many state ballots they are on), they're simply arrested and hauled away in handcuffs just like some third world banana republic.

But we're still told we live in a democracy and the "land of the free."

 "The American political system is essentially a contract between the Republican and Democratic parties, enforced by federal and state two-party laws, all designed to guarantee the survival of both no matter how many people despise or ignore them." -- Richard Reeves. 




  Plenty of eggs on plenty of faces.

WTF? Officials should have been charged with crimes, tried and sentenced. This is simply an abuse of their office and is using/playing the taxpayers as unwitting guinea pigs. 




 Iran will preemptively strike Israel? When did the Iranians become suicidal and crazy?

What kind of drugs are the people at adbusters doing?! 




  It is true that the political deal made between the ANC and National Party to transition from apartheid had some unfair things in there, which put the new government on the back foot. For example 

OMFG! That statement qualifies for understatement of the year!

How about, *for* *example,* the fact that the white racists gave up every government ministry *except* the finance ministry?

Refusing to give up control of the finance ministry meant whites were still in charge. This meant that the decades of ill-gotten economic gains, economic gains from an immoral system of near-slavery and racism, were protected and kept by the white racists.

Mandela essentially sold out black South Africans with that single deal. The economy of South Africa today is *still* controlled by whites, and that history is the reason why millions of black South Africans still live in dire poverty today.

 "A nation should not be judged by how it treats its highest citizens, but its lowest ones." -- Nelson Mandela. 




  Why was it removed?

My guess -- and it's only a guess -- is simple Reddit censorship. Reddit is plagued with censorship, it's an epidemic.

Censorship by moderators abounds in *many* sub-reddits. Something like this is directly on topic, but it is critical of the NFL in a huge, economic way which targets the corruption of the owners -- thus, it is huge target for some moderator to twist the rules so it can be censored. 




 Our tax dollars at work. Go military-industrial complex, go!

General Dynamics Inc. stock must be going through the roof! Yay capitalism!!

/s

 "In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists, and will persist." -- President (and former General) Dwight Eisenhower, Jan 17, 1961. 




