 A decade of attempts to prosecute Patrick Head and Adrian Newey failed to clear up the cause of the accident - IMO we would have been better off without a prosecution looking for fault. In the years that followed the conspiracy theories surrounding the crash muddied the waters enough that anyone with a genuine interest in what happened couldn't ask even the simplest question about it and get a sensible answer. 

The broad conclusion seems to be that the last minute modifications that Senna had requested to the steering column were badly executed, failed, and that caused the accident. Williams contend that the column failed on impact - but there was certainly some kind of cover up involved given what happened to the [black boxes](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_of_Ayrton_Senna#Trial). That said there were certainly other factors both sporting and otherwise involved. At least three of the cars in that race, particularly the Benneton that Senna was racing, were running [illegal software](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1994_Formula_One_cheating_controversy), there are some questions over the tyres and the condition of the circuit - but accidents are never caused by just one factor. 

For me the worst part is that had the angle or speed of impact been fractionally different he probably would have survived, just as the 4 other drivers who had 180 mph crashes just there did. 

The files from [the trial](http://www.ayrton-senna.com/s-files/trialidx.html) are worth a read, particularly the testimony from the 4 other drivers that crashed at Tamburello in the years preceeding the 94' accident, and its also worth reading [Beatris Assumpcao's](http://betisesportsworld.net/2014/05/01/senna-what-bernie-really-said-to-leonardo-senna/) (Ayrton's PR) first hand account of the conversation between Bernie and Leonardo Senna after the accident (bear in mind only one person in that room was a native English speaker). 




 Well, its informative at least. The main point behind it was to highlight the cast of characters involved in the race - and it was a great race. 



















 Oh pretty much. This same fight has been going on since the sport began. Complaints are always the same - costs too high, too many rules, bad rules, dominant driver 'boring', dominant team 'boring', rules making body evil, people in charge demonic, money/tyres/engines ruining the sport etcetera, etcetera.

Its all happened before, and will happen again. 




 At the point both of those were written no one would have predicted HAAS becoming a Ferrari B team. Things change. 














 The wisdom in this sub seems to be that HAAS will be back of the grid, but looking a Sauber's performance this year I'd suspect mid-field, and aiming to challenge Lotus in a couple of seasons. Heck looking at Sauber this year, they could buy their 2014 chassis and still be mid-field with the Ferrari engine.

Equally interesting is the idea that they might partner with Dallara on a chassis - which could spell the beginning of a true customer car effort for F1.

I can't see why Raikkonen would go there unless he is very desperate for a seat, I also can't see why HAAS would need to pay that much for an experienced driver when there are many cheaper experienced driver options. Then again Hill went to Jordan - stranger things have happened in F1. 




 I agree, and I've advanced the same argument myself regarding family tickets because I'd love to take my kids to Silverstone. To do that I'm looking at 350 in tickets, 400 for accomodation, at least a 70 tank of fuel and spending money on top of that. All up it's around 1000 - 1200 for a race weekend. Average earnings are around 475 a week.

A 1991 general admission ticket for Silverstone cost me 35, plus 60 travel, 50 for accommodation, and then spending money. At the time I was earning about 250 a week. 

So the price has increased substantially, obviously, but it wasn't exactly cheap to begin with, and having worked at Silverstone for a decade marshalling stands I can't honestly say that motor racing fans in general are working class - we're not NASCAR.

TV is expensive - 700 per year for a sky package - or 139.80 a season for Now TV, and I do think it puts fans off, but it also pays for the show. Its easy to make the argument that anything is too expensive, because everything is, but we do have to face the financial reality of the sport. 




 He's a pretty good guy and loves the competition. He seems to be loving the competition with Alonso, even if the car sucks.

Fascinating insight from him about Hamilton considering how closely they raced at McLaren. 




 Theoretically, yes, but they still have to deal with this season's costs. They're not going to turn down sponsors and money. 




 They just announced a 40 million loss, any revenue is helpful.

I like Hulkenberg, but they have a tradition of pairing rookie's with more experienced drivers and, sad as I am to say it, I don't see what they would get from Hulkenberg that they couldn't get elsewhere for less money and the prospect of a longer career in the team. 




 Godaddy is leaving NASCAR, and they'll be sponsoring her personally rather than the team she drives for after leaving. They're focussing more on international markets - which makes some interesting possibilities!

I hope Speed stays where he is and I'd love to see JEV back in an F1 seat, but I suspect with the 600lb Gorilla that is Merc behind him that Wherlien will find a drive quickly. 




 Thats a truly absurd one. 

I'm quite interested in the idea of Danica Patrick to HAAS, would shake things up quite nicely. Certainly create some positive noise and controversy in the USA market, which will only help bring fans along.

Mercedes are very keen on Pascal Wherlien since they funded Force India's testing to get him some kilometers - he'd have to be in the running if Bottas left Willams, or for the other HAAS seat. 
























 "But you will see a more determined Lewis at the next race. I remember with Lewis that when we had a tussle in a race or there was an issue between us or with the team, he would have a really bad race and be quite outspoken and emotional. And at the next race he would destroy me. He would come back stronger than ever."

"Initially, he is an emotional character, and he will be quite hurt, but he comes back strong. After a bad race he would arrive at the next one very quiet, and then go out and blitz it. He will do the same in Canada - he will probably be untouchable in Canada. And he likes the circuit."

There are quite a few variations of partial quotes knocking around the media sphere but that's the most complete one I could find.

http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/formula-1-button-predicts-hamilton-will-destroy-rosberg-canada-after-monaco-rift-1450272

http://www1.skysports.com/f1/news/24181/9327816/jenson-button-feels-an-unhappy-lewis-hamilton-will-be-untouchable-in-canada 




 This is the peak of Rosberg's F1 career - he has the best car, the best engine, the best team, and enough money to buy the best trainers and sports psychologists. 

Every advantage you could want as a driver is his - his future is entirely in his own two hands. So, while I do feel some sympathy for his obvious difficulties, its not a huge amount. 














 True. But its also not an uncommon setup Renault are based at Viry-Chtillon for example. Mostly I suspect they would want specialised facilities and a place to house their backroom staff in Europe. 




 I suspect Lewis knows what's up already. As one commenter put it yesterday, he is in God Mode right now. 




 Jensen said that if he beat Lewis, Hamilton would be quite emotional after the race, then simply "destroy" him the next time out. 
























 Likely as not McLaren don't have the facilities they need - Mercedes did their engine development at a separate facility. 





























 Why do you post so consistently like a Rosbergette then? 




 I post positive and negative stuff about Rosberg, Hamilton and plenty of other drivers - there certainly is no 'campaign'! 

You're just sore because the driver you like isn't winning the war. 
 




 The team aren't allowed tell him where the button for that mode is anymore ;o) 




 We all have. Hamilton's anger in losing is directed at himself and he uses that on the track the next time out, although sometimes it gets hold of him for long periods - but its an outward reflection of an inner disappointment.

Rosberg gets pissed off at everyone else, does dumb stuff on track, plays tricks that backfire, and/or says something stupid, then lashes out looking for an external source to blame for his errors or lack of success. 

Rosberg is supposed to be the engineer and thinker - but I can't see any evidence that is the case. As /u/cock-a-doodle-doo says, Lewis is in God mode at the moment, nothing Rosberg has in his arsenal is making a dent and blaming Lewis appears to be his only refuge right now. 




 I'm beginning to think he has a preference for that type of car. 
























 Sad but true. Nico really needs figure out how to put up a proper fight or accept number two status - I don't think his head is anywhere near either of those things right now. 
























 See explanation here http://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/33ozaa/are_you_enjoying_the_return_of_sparks_to_f1/cqn3cey 




 "The purpose of making them out of titanium is threefold: Firstly, it's safer, because if they do come off they are about a third of the weight of the existing ones. Secondly, the titanium wears some 2-2.5 times more quickly than the metal currently used. Thus cars will have to be run a little bit higher to manage wear and teams won't be able to drag them on the ground quite as much as they have in the past. The third effect is that you will see a lot more sparks, which some people think will look a little more spectacular." **- Charlie Whiting** 









 In the days without refuelling a car's weight would change drastically during the race. 

To avoid damage to the underside of the car when it was heavy with fuel at the start of the race the teams employed magnesium strips between the rear wheels. These would wear away during the race leaving the correct floor profile once the car was light enough to run in optimum trim.  




 Planks were introduced in 94' principally because of Senna's accident, the car's speed needed to be kept down for safety reasons. There are other factors too, no one really wants to fund the technology race stepped floors would bring with them.

If you [look at the plank](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/ab/Honda_RC-F1_2.0X_bottom_Honda_Collection_Hall.jpg/1920px-Honda_RC-F1_2.0X_bottom_Honda_Collection_Hall.jpg) you'll see there are [metal parts in it](http://f1.imgci.com/PICTURES/CMS/24100/24139.jpg) - there have always been metal parts in it - its just that they didn't spark. 




 We designed engines that output fantastic amounts of heat - the more powerful the engines became the more heat we had to deal with.

Then we designed aero that streamlines the cars movement, but throws off extremely turbulent air.

Then we discovered that a consequence of both was that you would destroy your tyres, and also your brakes, getting near the driver in front - you could barely establish tow anymore - so overtaking became impossible.

DRS and narrower cars and rear wings are a technical solution to a technically generated problem. Push-to-pass is just another solution to the same issue. 




 They simply changed the metal skid block in the planks to titanium rather than a heavier metal - it prevents the teams running the cars too low and it causes less punctures. 









 I suspect he's thinking of the 60s and 70s when people would buy and old chassis and jump in for a couple of races.

Would certainly enliven the driver market as it would open up a few more seats and allow some rookies to show their stuff. I don't think its a horrible idea.

Caterham, Marussia, and similar teams have basically been in a separate F1 class for a very long time, improved reliability has robbed us of the heroic back of the grid podium drives that you used to get when the front four blew up or crashed out, so why not. 




 According to [Charlie Whiting](http://en.espn.co.uk/fia/motorsport/story/167205.html) they're not just for show, the sparks are welcome side effect of a downforce reduction and safety measure.

That said according to Brundle Sainz and Ricciardo have said you need to keep your visor shut when following other cars now - the sparks do seem more extreme than they used to be (edit: I'm wrong on this last [point](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OmgMxqZd9jw) thank you /u/AutoEngineer22 for the reminder).

"To explain: the plank is the long bit of wood, the skids are bits of metal within the plank. The skids have formerly been made of a heavy metal, which has been very resistant to wear, and they put the skids around the points in the plank where thickness is measured. Planks have to start off at nominally 10mm thick and they can't be less than 9mm thick. However, we only measure them around certain holes in the plank. So they position the skids around those holes.

"This metal is extremely heavy and when pieces detach they can be extremely harmful. We saw two punctures in Spa previously because of bits of this metal that lay in a kerb and caused damage. In a worst case scenario they could fly off and hit someone.

"The purpose of making them out of titanium is threefold: Firstly, it's safer, because if they do come off they are about a third of the weight of the existing ones. Secondly, the titanium wears some 2-2.5 times more quickly than the metal currently used. Thus cars will have to be run a little bit higher to manage wear and teams won't be able to drag them on the ground quite as much as they have in the past. The third effect is that you will see a lot more sparks, which some people think will look a little more spectacular."

edit: here is what [the plank looks like](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/ab/Honda_RC-F1_2.0X_bottom_Honda_Collection_Hall.jpg/1920px-Honda_RC-F1_2.0X_bottom_Honda_Collection_Hall.jpg) on Honda's RC-F1 test car. Crashtor provides us with another example [here](http://f1.imgci.com/PICTURES/CMS/24100/24139.jpg). 




 Its a cost reduction effort. One engine per race would quadruple the engine costs. 
























 I realise that's the meme on costs but where is the evidence that this is a new problem?

Most say 'teams are going under' - since 1950 there have been 137 official F1 constructors, only 10 remain active and the median average constructor competes for 3 seasons, in 20 races, with 5 drivers wins nothing, and scores no points.

'Costs are increasing' - In 2003 Jordan Ford's annual budget was around [$79 million](http://www.economist.com/node/2785546), in 2015 dollars thats $101 million, which is about the annual budget estimation for the mid-pack teams today, some are as low as $80 million. 

Ferrari by comparison were spending $300 - $400 million in 2003, and they're spending around $250 million this year. 

Overall that suggests that costs have slowed or remained the same rather than climbed as steeply as everyone seems to imagine.

People also bang on about the race fee, but FOM has cut sweetheart deals for most of the old european circuits, and has covered Hockenheim's losses since 2009 to the tune of 27 million Euro. People act like the race fee is pure profit that is being drained out of the sport - again no evidence - F1's profits last year were $398 million on $1.6 billion revenue - most of the costs were money paid out to the teams. 
























 Classic Senna move from Massa 




 I honestly don't know how I missed it - first time I've ever been grateful for youtube follow up. 









 Massa had the racing line and was more than half way alongside, Coulthard should have pulled out and gone for him at the next corner - he was running out of road and assumed Massa didn't want to crash. 
























 "If he doesn't I'm going to kick three colours of shit out of the little bastard."

Nice considering Coulthard drove into Massa. 




 Everyone is a pay driver, its a distinction without meaning anymore, truth is it's been that way since the 70s. Getting sponsors, getting into a young driver programme, or both is now as much a part of the race as performing on the track. 

Young drivers are having to form investment companies which sell portions of their future earnings to raise the cash to compete.

Sponsors go to drivers and drivers bring them to teams for all but the top four. Alonso bought Santander to McLaren and Ferrari leaving them behind when he left. 




 Which I've pointed out elsewhere in the thread. 

But, the 5th engine was agreed in Malaysia according to Horner and is just a formal fax vote away. So in reality its going to be 3.8 (4) engines a race.  




  20 races / 4 engines = 5 races per engine.

German Grand Prix has been cancelled so its a 19 race season, not 20.

 




 I imagine they were anticipating that coming along, and losing the German Grand Prix means they have one less race to manage, but that still means each engine has to last 3.8 races rather than 4.75 (obviously 4 and 5 races in practice).

Its going to be very interesting to see how the end of the season plays out. 




 Of new engines, sure, they'll still have re-conditions. 

It also suggests that the might have some reliability concerns and some worries over Mercedes development rate. 












































 Its actually quite a big difference in cooling. The helmet winglet disrupts airflow into the vents on the side of the airbox and the airbox itself, area's which have become very important since 2014. 

RedBull actually tested wingless helmets this year to see if they could eliminate helmet lift some other way, but you could see the air displacement in flow-viz. 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/33dqa5/hondas_radical_formula_1_engine/ 




 Yes, I missed the essential detail.

People could always read the article, oh wait, this is reddit. 




 Happy to see this story, many people tell me that drivers don't influence the design of F1 cars. Nothing could be further from the truth. 




 Because they knew Ferrari had little chance of getting to Hamilton if he built a lead, but a 100% shot getting by Rosberg. Look at [the race strategy](http://www.jamesallenonf1.com/2015/04/could-raikkonen-have-won-bahrain-and-did-mercedes-leave-rosberg-at-vettels-mercy/) report, if Kimi had got into P2 in quali then he had a very decent shot a the win. 

Nico wasn't racing Hamilton, or in with a shot at racing Hamilton.  














 And Stuttgart. Marketing is marketing. 




 It was McLaren's publicly stated intent to acquire another British driver, just as when Mercedes talked about buying a team they said they wanted an all German line up. 




 Teams make marketing decisions, and its important within Germany that they're seen to be supporting German drivers. Its really no different than McLaren choosing an all British line up. 




 They'll want at least one German driver, when they launched the team the thinking was an all German lineup, and Rosberg was the only available driver at the required level to partner Schumacher. If they replace Rosberg it'll be with Wehrlien assuming Vettel is unavailable. 




 Equal status is about opportunity, not on track realities, it means the driver in front gets preferential treatment - the drivers job is to make sure he's the one in front. 

Though, as we've seen in the last two races Rosberg has received pit priority when his strategy needed it, and so went ahead of Lewis. You don't hear Hamilton fans complaining about that... 




 If you read the Nico [can't hide my 'disappointment' article](http://www.grandprix247.com/2015/04/22/rosberg-i-cant-always-hide-my-disappointment/) you'll find he says it is in his contract. Judging by his results against Schumacher it always has been. 



















 He started from the pit lane and retired after thirteen laps. 



















 Parade laps don't count you have to cross the start line after lights out . 




 If you're bothered the information is on just about any F1 records site and on the wiki. Its hardly secret information. 




 They'd seen the brake temperate issue from the very first lap, I don't know if they'd been told to expect it, but as I said, it wasn't that the didn't have any brakes, its that the brakes they had changed all of a sudden. 




 Believe it or not he hasn't been in F1 long enough to break 150.

His run started at Monaco 2008 and he's done 126 consecutive starts to date. 




 Lewis, in his BBC interview, and Toto in his post-race on Sky, both said that the car does have brakes when the system is in failure mode, but that the pedal travel goes from short/hard to long/soft. 

This is fine if you're expecting it, as you can drive to it, but Rosberg's went in the middle of the braking zone so he had no chance to adjust. Lewis remembered some kind of switch combination which managed to bring his back. 




 Interestingly this is just about the only F1 top 10 that doesn't feature Schumacher, his runs at this record ended in:-

- Italy 94' excluded for two races for ignoring stop go penalty and a black flag. 
- France 96' with an engine failure on the formation lap.
- Austria 99' missed 6 races with a broken leg. 




 The mistake is at the website end - the quote in the title is from Max, I posted it earlier with the original title and got flak from the anti Jos circle jerk crowd, now I'm getting the opposite and downvoted to boot. Can't win! 




 - Riccardo Patrese - 187 (BEL 1982  AUS 1993)
- Jenson Button - 179 (FRA 2005  CHN 2015)
- Fernando Alonso - 176 (FRA 2005  ABD 2014)
- David Coulthard - 175 (BRA 1995  CAN 2005)
- Nico Rosberg - 170 (BRN 2006  BRN 2015) active
- Rubens Barrichello - 167 (GER 2002  BRA 2011)
- Alain Prost - 160 (USW 1981  BRA 1991)
- Mark Webber - 157 (FRA 2005  BRA 2013)
- Lewis Hamilton - 152 (AUS 2007  BRN 2015) active 
























 Yep:

For the otherwise highly-impressive 17-year-old Max, it has been a frustrating start to his career with three car failures in four races.

Maybe thats a record, the young Dutchman smiled wryly. Its a bit ridiculous. Of course Im worried about the future.

I try to stay positive, but now my fist is hitting the table. This cannot continue, but I know they understand that too, Verstappen added.
 




 I'm not disagreeing with your logic, but even the 'great' drivers have off years. There are a lot of reasons behind them, but I don't think you can genuinely separate driver from car from team.

For me at least, its *team* sport - part of the race is getting into the good teams with the great cars and learning enough along the way to deliver on track. I've never bought the argument that you could stick any driver in a great car and they'd win - maybe because I've seen too many pairings that prove otherwise. 




 Clark had his off year in 1966 coming 6th in the WDC with Team Lotus - he wasn't beaten by his teammate because he had 8 other drivers and three different engine manufacturers during the season. 

Senna's worst year was 84', his first year, where he came 9th in the WDC. Just like Clark he had multiple teammates that year (3) so wasn't beaten by his teammate. 

Teammate comparisons don't really hold, because its only recently teams have equivalence - most of Senna's teammate's were not anywhere near his class - just reliable number twos. 




 I wish more people understood this point. 




 James Allen produces a race report every tuesday after the race that contains this kind of information. Weirdly few people seem to be interested in it. 




 Consequence of a powerful engine and fast car IMO some of the reasoning behind the new wing is keeping turbulent hot air away from the tyres. 




 Toto also pointed out that they saw the brake temperature issue right from the start of the race, so keeping the pace down would likely help keep the brake temperature under control. 





























 I'm beginning to think its part of their fairness strategy. 




 Its going to make Canada very interesting. 



















 Strongly suspect a commentary career beckons for Mr Button when he's done racing! 







































 He said they were dangerous himself yesterday evening. When Williams started to best him in Q2 I thought he had some kind of problem - it's his favorite circuit so I was expecting him to beat Lewis this time around. 




 I'd argue that when they have a WDC winner in the number one spot they look for a reliable second tier driver to back them up in the WCC stakes. 

But as I've said elsewhere Ferrari seem to have realised that their own orthodoxy is getting in their way. All I'm really saying is that a younger generation's input into their engineering team would not be out of place - many other teams seem to benefit greatly from it. 




 Actually a season long qualifying competition isn't a bad idea. There is a pole position trophy already so it might be fun to spice it up. 




 So Hamilton took his 4th pole of the season and Rosberg got beaten by Hamilton, Vettel, Bottas and Raikkonen at various points in todays sessions. Ouch. 

This happened at his favorite circuit and one he's been on pole at two years in a row. Double ouch. 




 'Shut up and drive' never had more meaning for an F1 driver. 




 "I want the Ferrari's to be closer" - famous last words. 









 I think, since its Williams Martini, rather than Martini Williams, that they're making a smaller contribution than one might expect. I'm certain they don't have an ownership interest in the company, as Williams is publicly listed. 




 Ordinarily I'd agree, but I think Ferrari may have realised that 'their style' is actually a problem for them and so they need to question their own orthodoxy.

Its been pointed out by a number of pundits and commentators that the new drivers have a somewhat different style, 'feel', and approach to racing lines than most of the senior field. I think some of that is down to their having grown up lionising the attacking styles of Hamilton and Vettel rather than the more fluid (in the corners) Schumacher. 

Equally Red Bull and McLaren have done very well out of fast promotions, Ferrari not so much, so I suspect they'll be having a conversation about getting the next generation in the door early on. 









 I've always thought that it wasn't bad luck that Alonso has ended up with the cars that he did but poor feedback from him, and a preference for difficult suspension geometry. 




 I'm so disappointed that JEV didn't get an F1 drive!

So yeah, I'd see him in a Ferrari seat alongside Vettel. It's going to be interesting to see who HAAS take and I can see Lotus abandoning Maldonado which would create some more seats.  




 I'm sure he's also in the frame! It's not an exhaustive list. 




 I didn't see any sector times in China that couldn't be explained by tyre deg or strategy. F1 isn't, and never has been, about pure speed, it's really about carrying speed through the corners better than the opposition. That's what Red Bull were very good at. 




 Drivers have a lot more input into car development than most people on here seem to appreciate - drivers move car development as much, if not more so, than car development moves driving style. 

It's also a challenge to build a team around you, as a driver, that can deliver reliability and win.

 




 I don't think that's fair looking at 2008, and the number one driver situation at Ferrari has been true for decades. Any driver going in there knows where he stands.

Kimi's 35, even he wasn't sure he wanted to race longer than 2015, and he's been happier at Ferrari than any other team. 




 I'd like to see him outrace Massa consistently but he and Ricciardo  would definitely be in the frame. 




 Too much is made of the Hamilton/Ferrari possibility. 

There are plenty of other young drivers worthy of Ferrari's consideration, that Vettel would be compatible with, that would save money in the short term and deliver in the long term. Organisationally they are focussed on the next 5 years, not the next two. 

Verstappen springs to mind, as do several GP2 drivers like Stevens and Wherlien. The younger generation of drivers are really quite different in style than the current senior generation and Ferrari need that input. 




 I do. 

Aside from the fact that Red Bull are *notorious* for making late decisions about driver line ups, there is a straight commercial advantage in ensuring drivers don't take their secrets to other F1 teams. Looking at the way they've played the Renault situation it also fits with the way they think about going racing.

Leaks were a big concern of RBR's when Vettel left and Prodromou departed for McLaren - an entirely justified one as this season has demonstrated so far looking at McLaren's front wing and chassis - but its now obvious that Red Bull have problems deeper than the PU.

It's also worth pointing out that the brain drain from Ferrari over the 2010 WDC benefited Mercedes enormously, and it's a straight line from there to Mercedes 2013 success - Mercedes real innovation was getting the chassis right. They already had the most powerful engine in the two years before 2013. 

In essence Ferrari fired the wrong people in their rush to find someone to carry the can for their 2010 failure, and avoid blaming senior management or the drivers, as was finally noticed at the end of last year. Equally Red Bull appear to have a blame culture problem that extends from the very top of the organisation down. 




 I can imagine Webber is - he never struggled for an opinion! 




 Its a pity that you don't. Although I really enjoy Brundle's commentary I'm beginning to find Crofty at little irritating.

Part of me hopes that Button will take up commentary when he retires - he always has sensible, well informed, things to say. 



















 He did, and as I say, I don't want to take away from Ricciardo's achievements, which are many and impressive. There is an unfortunate tendency these days to view saying that, for example, Hamilton is a 'historic' driver as implied criticism of Rosberg - when it isn't. A fast glance at the F1 driver record books is enough to settle that debate.

I haven't lived in Aussie since 2005, but I do remember Murray Walker doing a Channel 10 special with Alan Jones on one of that era's races - perhaps it was just a special. Since I was travelling at the time I wasn't really in touch with TV. 




  It's not just the recession, it's the fact that the budgets have climbed so high that nobody wants to pay for the majority of the budget through sponsorship.

Nonsense. In 2003 Jordan Ford's annual budget was around [$79 million](http://www.economist.com/node/2785546), in 2015 dollars thats $101 million, which is about the annual budget estimation for the mid-pack teams, some are as low as $80 million. 

Ferrari by comparison were spending $200 - $400 million in 2003, and they're spending around $250 million this year. 

Which, overall, suggests that costs have slowed or remained the same rather than climbed as steeply as everyone seems to imagine. 




 Yep, on a circuit with two long straights Merc were always going to win if they made the right strategy calls. I was hoping Rosberg would do a better job at the start though and get closer to Hamilton in the opening laps.

Interesting reaction from Rosberg to the Ferrari threat though.
 








































































































