









 It's pretty easy for people to say "resign", but difficult to do.

It sounds like your boss is aware of your position on this, make sure that others are as well. Leaders in the organization need to understand the impact (potential consequences) of the strategy, and ideally know that you are not a proponent of it, though still see you as a team player since you are moving forward with it per instructions.

You may have to work around your boss to achieve the above, but the greater good is the organization and not your boss' ego. Help your boss understand that your concern is the success of the business, and it isn't anything personal. 




 Not Mama. 




 He's a dick.  




 ELI5 




 I want to see this acted out by Monty python.  




 *Sigh.* 




 I'd love a statue (specifically looking for one of Thoth) for my home, but what I've been able to find online are generally very small (a few inches) or just outrageously priced (IMHO).

Do you know of any places online where you can buy ~4' (feet) statues? Wood is fine with me, not looking for marble or anything like that.

Thanks.
Endif 




 What's the sound quality like? Say 1 of these stuck to a cup vs portable speakers. A d how does it stick? 




 NSA. Just doing my job.  




 Isn't this common in the ONE? And, what are you doing in this thread? 




 You can buy my condo. The mortgage for my 2 bdrm condo would end up being about half of what you would pay in rent. Then you could rent out one of the rooms and essentially pay nothing -- that's what I did for years.

PM me if interested. 




 So you are saying that homeless = alcoholic?

Look, games like this can be played all day. Let it go, it's a nice day out. 




 What game types do you play? 




 Thanks everybody! 




 Keep that little story to yourself, mkay? 




 Yeah the bad part is you have to take care of the shit for 18 years.  




 Pween, say it ain't so! You didn't seem that way in-person! 




 I've searched around but not finding much that really helps explain what someone who contacted me is trying to do, at least in a way that I understand. 

I am selling my condo and I got a call from an investment company (supposedly at least) saying they were interested in my property. She asked if we were to come to an agreed upon selling price if I would be willing to have them take on the mortgage payments. 

I told them I didn't understand what they were trying to do and would need more information, and she said she would arrange for the investor to contact me (I got the investor's name and she works at a local university, so I'm not sure how legit this is if she still holds a "regular" job). 

Any idea what this is? Sounds like bad news to me, but I'm not a mortgage expert.  




 Lol. By "community" I meant Burlington, not Reddit.

I'm gonna just leave this. I don't have the energy nor the desire to help you with your issues. 




 Wow. How do you think you come across reading your own post?

This is the Internet, even better it's Reddit. Let's not take it too seriously. 

As someone who has met Pween, he's a nice guy. Many others would have told the homeless guy to F off, but Pween shared what he had with him. Let's not vilify someone we share a community with for crap on Reddit.  




 Freelance what? 




 Helping retailers advertise online? Dealer.com has some openings right now that you might be qualified for. 

careers.dealer.com 




 That's a business plan right there!

Am I the only one old enough to remember that theatre? We called it the "cheap seats" because it was 1 dollar for a ticket, and the head lice were free.  




 A rotisserie chicken wrapped in a Hannaford plastic bag -- no, it wasn't still in its container. 

He was a nice guy.  




 Damn, why all the down votes for such a nice post? 




 How you doin'? 




 #1's stomach photoshoped? 




 User name is Endif. What's yours? 




 That's enough from you.  




 :(

I don't understand why a company would refuse to provide the service someone is paying for. I wish I could just switch. 




 The answer is a bit personal for Reddit actually. 




 They don't serve my neighborhood :( 




 This morning my download speed was .05mb. Congestion, equipment, whatever. The fact that Fairpoint's DSL has been this way for years in parts of Burlington without it being addressed is the issue. 




 Yeah I heard all of those from the Burlington area Fairpoint "support". I wonder if it's bad in other places.  




 Right now they've got me. For reasons not in my control I cannot switch. Since they refuse to actually fix the problem I left with trying to call attention to their poor service. 

YouTube next with a video of a speed test. Lets see if I can get some of these posts to rank in Google! 




 a different edit/version of the movie for the Chinese market. 




 For years Fairpoint DSL has been unacceptably slow, and calling Fairpoint tech support or customer service doesn't actually ever fix the issue. They say restart the modem, yadda yadda yadda, but the speeds never get better.

On one occasion someone said that it's due to equipment on the street and that it would be upgraded, but that was 3 years ago...

Speed Tests (note that the screenshots show they were completed over wifi, so you can ignore the 3g at the top, I was on 3g when taking the screenshots and uploading to imgur since the wifi is useless):

http://i.imgur.com/POTetIi.png

http://i.imgur.com/felkktP.png

http://i.imgur.com/ERw83xn.png

Fairpoint isn't providing a service that they are being paid to. 




 For years Fairpoint DSL has been unacceptably slow, and calling Fairpoint tech support or customer service doesn't actually ever fix the issue. They say restart the modem, yadda yadda yadda, but the speeds never get better.

On one occasion someone said that it's due to equipment on the street and that it would be upgraded, but that was 3 years ago...

Speed Tests (note that the screenshots show they were completed over wifi, so you can ignore the 3g at the top, I was on 3g when taking the screenshots and uploading to imgur since the wifi is useless):

http://i.imgur.com/POTetIi.png

http://i.imgur.com/felkktP.png

http://i.imgur.com/ERw83xn.png

Fairpoint isn't providing a service that they are being paid to. 




 I think it's what allows PC players and Xbox players to play together.  




 An improvement to the AI would be very nice.  




 how about and advanced race put us in cages and treat us like sex slaves?

oh the irony that would be! 




 I'm interested as well! 




 Almost eryday.  




 I am anticipating selling it for more than what I paid. I've owned it for 10 years. 

Thanks for the advice. 




 Was a rental, and I don't *think* I was doing any depreciations...guy who does my taxes didn't say anything like that at least. 




 Rental, no improvements. 




 I appreciate the attempt to make me smile! Unfortunately this has been a tough one for both of us...neither of us are happy about it but it seems the only thing left. 




 Thanks, that was informative, I didn't know that.

Unfortunately I haven't lived there at all the past 5 years :( I take it it's all tax then... 




 Hi all,

I own a condo and am going through a divorce. I have an ok amount of equity in the condo, so what I'd like to do is sell it in order to pay my ex a lump sum which would reduce the amount of alimony I pay per month.

My understanding is if I sell the condo I'll take a big tax hit unless I put that money back into a place to live. Is there some work-around where if you sell property but the money goes to alimony you don't take that hit?

I appreciate any help.
train_subject4065 




 And proud of it. 




 I'm considering removing the popcorn ceiling in my condo, and it is painted (oil based paint I believe) so I'm very worried. 

Can you report back on how this went? What you did? Challenges/solutions? What worked? I'm super worried about what I'm getting into as I don't know how to do shit. 









 One Hour Photo 




 That would be the bee's knees. 




 I feel pretty stupid posting this here, but I need some help and I know there's plenty of local expertise here.

I need help from an accountant ASAP. I am now going through a divorce and need to know the best way to go with finances/alimony. I need info asap as my soon-to-be-ex wants to move quickly. I'm not asking for a hand-out, I'll pay the person, but really need 30-60 minutes of a professionals time as early as possible. Monday or Tuesday afternoon would be ideal.

Thanks,
Endif 




 Ok, who invited this guy? 




 I drove through Waterbury today. I'll add this to my list and ask for rerun84 :) 




 Wow thanks for all the suggestions! I have some touring to do :)

This might get down votes, but I'm not even looking for places with local beers, just want to go somewhere new and meet some cool people!

Thanks again! 




 Hi Vermont Redditors. 

I live in burlington and am familiar enough with the bars here, but thought it would be fun to visit some small town bars for a few drinks. 

So, any recommendations? Looking for bars with cool and chill people who wouldn't mind chatting with a Burlingtonian.  




 I remember it and commented on it. I thought it strange that I couldn't find it anymore either.  




 It's bad Photoshop by the seller. 




 No, it's Photoshoped (and not my house). The agent took a photo and covered up a bad spot in the floor by cutting/pasting a section of floor from another spot in the house. 




 I would watch that so hard.  




 LOL. You sound like one of the many many robots I spoke to. And it was a manager... 









 Not all the lights on planes blink. 

Wish I had seen it.  




 Your are a gentleman. Thank you for sharing. 




 Google io starts Wednesday where a new tablet is expected to be announced, at least what until then.  




 I've been in some very competitive public games.  




 I wish I recorded the conversation as it was hilariously bad. I purchased a cell phone and 5 days later still no communication from the seller (I've been emailing through ebay asking for updates), so I opened a case and called their "support" department to attempt to move the escalation date up -- since the seller hasn't communicated in 5 days I don't see the point in giving him 7 more days, which the case provides.

Anyway, the conversation with the "Manager" quickly escalated to him telling me "you're new to ebay, you don't know how it works" when I've been a member since 2001. He then berated me for not having much feedback "you only have 6 feedback, you don't know how this works". His tone was very much like bad parenting.

I have to admit I was laughing on the inside, but certainly not going to be using ebay again when you call for help from a non-responsive seller (I used paypal) and they literally make fun of you on the phone.

At the end I recommended customer service training for him, he didn't seem to like that. 




 They look at the hours you have played, if it's low and it's a competitive game they would rather a bot or take a chance on the next guy. 

I understand the frustration, but when in a competitive game someone who doesn't know the specific strategies is almost working for the opposing team.  




 Yeah, this happened when it was still up.  




 Tried 6 times to download and it stops every time. Even tried 2 different downloaders.  




 OMG what? 




 Happy birthday, wrathgrapes! 




 I know right! 




 Need, or want? Don't need any, but milkshakes really are the bees knees. 




