 My expertise is earlier than the 19th century, but I would say this looks pretty legitimate. Most forgeries or imitations typically would be of something more historically important (i.e. the bajillion copies of the declaration of independence). Something like this is certainly beautiful and can have personal value, but it doesn't have much monetary value.
TL;DR: LEGIT 




 I feel traumatized for having just read that.  




 This saved my skin (literally!). I had a waitress drop a pot of boiling water (for tea) right on my lap causing second degree burns. A few centimeters and it would have gotten my lady bits! A friendly chemist in the Blue Mountains recommended the oil and a vitamin E lotion. Absolutely no scarring whatsoever. 




 I should have been more clear - it's not the *certification* that is as important as the **training**.  




 Wow, thank you!! This is great, I too wish I could give you more upvotes :) 




 The thing to keep in mind is that if anything happens to a human being, you can be held liable. Your dog can be the sweetest, most non-violent pup, but therapy dogs are trained in order to be safe around all people, especially the most delicate.

Imagine the scenario: you are in the hospital visiting an ill or elderly person. A medical alarm goes off. You non-violent pup reacts as many creatures would - with surprise. It might do something as innocuous as jerking its head up or jumping off the bed. This could cause any number of problems like bruising or scratching a fragile person, pulling out IVs, etc. One of the main pieces of training for therapy dogs is to NOT REACT to these sorts of stimuli. To become certified there are tests like being put in a room and have various loud and unexpected noises (boxes dropped behind them, etc.). They must remain calm and fairly still to pass. 

So just please keep this in mind. I'm glad you brought happiness to someone, but realize that a golden is a pretty big dog to take a chance with all of these things.

Source: my mom has dog that she has specially trained to be a therapy dog to elderly and dementia patients. 




 I would like to see this with Bran and Hodor instead... 




 It wasn't. That's why absolutely everyone drank beer, ale, wine, fermented drinks...all of which involve boiling up until essentially the modern era. Water killed you. Well more precisely, the microbials in water, but they didn't have germ theory either. 




 Ctrl+F: Doctor Who. [Good.](http://i.imgur.com/aOehksN.gif) 




 Lord Finkleroy, the ruler we've been waiting for 




 All things serve the Beam 




 I mean, at least its not a uniform.  




 The [murals](http://www.indiana.edu/~benton/) are dead on though 




 Thought that the wikipedia article would be safe to figure out what this is. NOPE. 

 




 I love the [sausage festival!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddCKs8NmHfM) 




 Gothic cathedrals were also painted. [Amiens Cathedral] (http://www.france.fr/en/art-and-culture/amiens-cathedral-colour) has reproduced the effect by projecting images onto the southern portal: 
 




 Best way to convince your girlfriend to have anal sex? Definitely ask to put in her pooper. Pooper.

Pooper.

Sexy. 




 Yep, the adjudication of the cases more than triples when the death penalty is sought.  




 Do you actually have any obligation to send emergency vehicles, or talk them through crap like this? Can you actually just hang up on someone? 




 My husband is the same way! From my understanding, it's a histamine reaction; and yes, cooking fruits and veggies helps. When we make guacamole, we microwave the mushed avocados and it doesn't affect the taste. 

All of this works out perfectly because since birth I have hated most fruits. Especially anything orange-like. 




 Yeah my mom used to bribe me with quarters. I also refused them unless I had my Batman pillow.  




 It's cool to see him applying it himself...builds up the Bowie mythos even more in my mind 




 Also, when you're playing some of the early games, part of why you're even playing is to get the cred fro beating it. And part of the cred is playing with an original controller. Because when you put up with hand cramps and making sure the buttons are the right amount of jiggly and sticky...you're a real champ. 




 This will get buried, but a co-worker of mine knew John Wayne Gacy really well. To the point that Gacy painted a picture of his son.  




 I definitely read this as though you snapped your fingers...[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/edSgh0f)
 




 I knew Chris when I was at Wake, he was a year ahead of me. He was a genuinely great guy who was very down to earth. Legitimately intelligent too. I worked as a tutor for student-athletes, and he  had a reputation of excellence. I was sorry to see him go after his sophomore year, but at the same time I completely understand the career move. Glad he is still working for his degree. I was thrilled to see them retire his jersey, I only wish I could have been in W-S to see it! 









 I never quite understood why it was so freaking difficult. I was seven or so when it came out, and like many young girls at my age, was obsessed with dolphins (thanks, Lisa Frank). I had been gaming since birth (my dad bought me an NES when I was 2), so I had a bit of a leg up on many of my  girlfriends who desperately wanted to play. That and I already had a Sega Genesis. I still think I only would get to level 3 and fail. I even went back a few years ago to give it a shot, and got about half way through before rage quitting. It just boggles me that you would make a game where you are a freaking dolphin at the height of dolphin craze, a *perfect* way to get young girls into gaming...and then you make it stupidly hard to play. Asinine.  




 Man, I was just talking about that game with my husband last night. I was a huge TMNT fan. So of course I had both of the NES games. Being four, I was awful. I would usually just play the first few levels, then die. I haven't actually gone back as an adult to try my hand at them.  




 You're doing God's work 




 Well, there certainly was a majority of religious texts, but it wasn't exclusive. William Caxton, the first English printer, for example, printed the first editions of the Canterbury Tales. Printing presses actually spread like wildfire in the first 50 years, starting in Germany and then through the rest of Europe. The first 50 years is an admittedly artificial delineation (nothing really changed from year 50 to year 51), but it is very helpful for book historians, as it really was the period with printing spread throughout Europe and became common. People were actually pretty aware that it was a Big Deal. Between 160 and 185 copies were originally printed of the 42-line Bible (the commonly called Gutenberg Bible), and there are close to 50 surviving copies and numerous other fragments, which is a great retention rate. 

As for fonts, most of the early books were trying to mimic the handwriting of manuscripts at the time. From the pictures you posted, your book definitely follows this pattern. This font is usually called Gothic Textura, though paleography is quite the rabbit hole you can fall down. In terms of people developing fonts, gothic-type fonts were certainly popular in the early days, but as the Italian Renaissance started to take hold, many printers opted for the Roman monument font, as it represented the Classical ideas. It also helped that it was quite easy to read. Gothic scripts, and really all scripts in the medieval period, were systematically abbreviated for practical reasons (if you're writing absolutely everything out by hand, you build in some short cuts), but can be very difficult to pick up on if you aren't trained in reading them. I could go on, but like I said, it's quite a rabbit hole. 

Just at a cursory glance from the photos, I would say that the pages were trimmed at some point to be rebound. The binding is probably early, but not contemporary. 

I'll post some books later if you are interested in learning more about incunabula in general, Albert Magnus, or anything else you might like. I have an extensive bibliography at my home office, though with Valentine's Day it might not happen tonight :)
 




