 At least you're honest 




 Oh my God Oh my God Oh my God. How does this not have 10,000 up votes yet  




 That's the most important thing. I'm glad you've been able to stay away from all those other things that people lose themselves in. Keep going man :) one day at a time  




 Don't worry. I'm always supportive of you.  




 Oh mother of God that was terrible I am so sorry  




 Fuck. I just posted that. Didn't see this. Damn. Fuck. Damn.  




 "So yes. It had flaws, but what does that matter when it comes to matters of the heart? We love what we love. Reason does not enter into it. In many ways, unwise love is the truest love. Anyone can love a thing *because*. That's as easy as putting a penny In your pocket. But to love something *despite*. To know the flaws and love them too. That is rare and pure and perfect." 




 That's true. After a nuclear apocalypse people probably wouldn't care too much anymore  




 Except for the religious Christian folk  




 A woman's hands say a lot about how she feels. For example, if she's pointing a gun at you then she's probably angry.  




 You're toast  




 Up vote just for the edit  




 I still remember all the cheat codes from it XD 




 If you and a girl are adjacent and she uses her non-dominant hand to do something such as scratch her nose or pick something up but leaves her dominant hand down and at her side (adjacent to your hand), it usually means she wants to hold hands with you. 
And yes, that is grammatically correct. It just sounds ridiculously run-onny 




 They took away my books...  




 Don't believe in yourself. Believe in the me that believes in you.  




 That's all that really matters 




 A blink is actually twice as sexy as a wink. Because you're closing TWO eyes instead of just one  




 Whenever she is thinking hard she will stick out her tongue the tiniest bit. And she has a really tiny tongue and she just sorta wiggles it around. She doesn't even know she does it. I pointed it out one time and she didn't believe me.  




 I probably laughed for a good 3 minutes at this  




 I laughed more from this than the parent comment  




