 I get Advanced Screenings all the time in my area and get emails every time they are announced. This one I jumped on right away 




 I saw an Advanced Screening last week. If you are a fan of the series, you will like it, as I did. It's not a perfect movie but is a very fun return of the characters with a solid story, great cameos, and the return of my favorite part of Entourage, the behind the scenes of making movies. I loved seasons 1-5 and the rest were alright mainly for the characters. But go see the movie. It's good 




 Baconreader 




 Absolutely! 




 Well, considering a lot of shows had their season finales and others have yet to begin, we are in a slow period.  




 Kick Ass. It's by the same director and based off a comic by the same writer as the Kingsman comics 




 Absolutely not. If I see a movie and like it or dislike it, the only way I'll change my opinion is on a second viewing maybe. But no one should be able to change your opinion otherwise you were lying to yourself in the first place 




 I was 9 when it came out, so I was right in the wheel house for this movie. I received the OT for my 7th birthday and loved Star Wars. I loved the first movie when it came out. 

Now, as I grew up, I started to understand the flaws and people's gripes but overall, it's still an enjoyable film. It's the worst of the series but still a good flick.  




 Anybody interested in the topic of voice overs in trailers, should check out the movie "In a World". It's a great comedy movie that came out a couple years ago 




 Simply styles changed. I think it'll come back. It still exists from TV spots usually.  




 Well said, and I respect that. Thanks 




 I think that's entirely possible. That would make for a very interesting storyline 




 It's more drama oriented and has a lot of slower parts but it is well done and well acted. Sometimes you will find it to be boring, sometimes you will find it funny, sometimes you will find it to be great. It is consistent in that the whole way through. Every season has each of those moments 




 No one knows that Stark and Banner created Ultron besides The Avengers. Shield is not an open organization yet so they wouldn't explain that to anyone. The only thing the world knows is that another bad guy was beat by the Avengers so they look like heroes again. 

In the battle between the Hulkbuster and Hulk, again, no one knows Banner has had mind control. The only thing they see is Iron Man trying to stop him. 

The internal struggle was shown and that will grow exponentially in Captain America: Civil War.  




 Please name a role that he acted poorly recently. Not a bad movie (which he has done), a poor acting job. Everything I've seen him in he is great. Kick Ass, Nowhere Boy, Godzilla, Savages, Avengers 2. Not all of those are good movies, but he was good in even the ones that sucked in my opinion 




 Moffat has specifically stated that there is a reason (that as an audience, we don't know yet) for Peter Capaldi's face showing up multiple times. He said that Davies had a plan for Peter Capaldi and that he spoke to Davies who said that his plan still works. 

When asked again about that, Moffat said it would be referenced first in the first episode of Series 8, which it was, but then never brought up again 




 That's your opinion. But either way, it was only mentioned a couple times in passing this season, it was completely set aside/forgotten. 




 Nothing missing. That's Steve's mom's name 




 I really like the Twelfth Doctor and it had some really good episodes but overall it was a weak season for me. It had too many episodic storylines, almost no series arcs, and got away from the 2 best storylines set up. 1. Finding Gallifrey 2. Why the Doctor's face has popped up multiple times before.  




 /r/MadMax 




 I don't think there is anything behind it. I just think it's funny because he is a badass little kid with a cool name 




 I'm cautiously optimistic about it. It's got a great cast, the writers wrote a really funny movie in Horrible Bosses. I've been wanting another Vacation movie for years, but it is yet to be seen if it can stand on its own without Clark as the lead (even though Chevy and Beverly are in it). The trailer looks pretty funny but the connection seems loose to the original series, that could be a good thing though too. We'll see. I'll definitely be there opening weekend though 




 Aaron Taylor Johnson. He is getting some good roles right now but doesn't get the credit he deserves.  




 Arrested Development (Netflix), Party Down (Hulu), Broad City (Hulu), Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt (Netflix), Workaholics (Hulu), Chuck (Netflix), It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia (Netflix) 




 I hate trailers that start with a low "BWAAAMP" and the some footage a for a few seconds. And then another "BWAAAMP". Some more footage for a few seconds. Then quick flashes of footage with a "BWAMP" for each one. It's a terrible trend and tons of trailers do it 




 he is not a human. That's like asking why we have 2 eyes.  




 Too late... 




 His last movie Get Hard was actually really funny 




 /r/MadMax 




 I was coerced into seeing it opening weekend due to hype on here and reviews and thought it was just okay. I honestly think everyone who wants to see it, saw it.  




 Party Down (Hulu), Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt (Netflix), House of Cards (Netflix), Orange is the New Black (Netflix), Game of Thrones (HBO), Parks and Recreation (Netflix), It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia (Netflix), Broad City (Hulu), Friday Night Lights (Netflix), Sherlock (Netflix), Breaking Bad (Netflix), Sons of Anarchy (Netflix), Arrested Development (Netflix), Community (Hulu), Chuck (Netflix), Tyrant (Hulu), The Goldbergs (Hulu), Brooklyn Nine-Nine (Hulu), etc. 

Sorry for the long list but there are just so many good shows out there. If you need help picking one out of this list, give me a little bit more of your style to go off of and I can narrow it down.  




 Easily the best of the year so far for me 




 Kingsman: The Secret Service 




 I don't have sling. The point is, it's not open on all platforms yet and it's exclusive to a few. As soon as it's available on Android, I'm getting it.  




 The way i would watch would be from my Android phone using chromecast to my tv. None of that is supported 




 At this time, it does not. The film rights to Fantastic Four are owned by Fox rather than Marvel. It is, however, possible that a situation like Sony with Spider-Man where a deal could be made to have it, or at least the characters, included eventually. But right now it is separate 




 Honestly a lot of them, unless they were adapted to modern techniques and styles. But the styles have changed so much that they wouldn't work. Same thing for a lot of movies today if they came out in the 90's. They would seem too dark, depressing, etc.  




 Ha, yea 




 I would definitely see another one. I loved those movies 




 I saw both during their respective opening weekends. I am not comparing because they are totally different movies that only share action as a subset of style. Avengers:Age of Ultron, although not as good as the first movie, was still really good to me. Mad Max:Fury Road was okay. I had no prior knowledge of the movies but it didn't blow me away.  




 Kumail Nanjiani's character. He uses his last two silver bullets on Abed and Annie. They show him try to shoot but he is out of Bullets and has to reload. Not super clear but it's him 




 The marketing title is just "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" but it is still referred to as Episode VII by both fans and Disney/Lucasfilm 




 I can't because I don't use an Apple device. Having said that, as soon as they open up to all users, I'm paying for a year up front, done deal 




 You must be Streets Behind if you think I'm not 




 Maybe I'll pick it up again sometime. I've never seen New Girl but you are right about Community (wasn't the same without Dan Harmon at the helm). But I disagree about Parks, I don't think that show was ever stale (besides season 1) 




 He's nobody's 4th Ghostbuster 




 Kimmy Schmidt is a great show. 30 Rock was good for the first few seasons but then it kind of grew stale. I gave it up after that 




 It was intendeaned 




 Times chang, and so did the show. They adapted to being renewed without expecting a renewal or having a plan. They have done their best to create an overall reason for them to still be at Greendale and it has worked out well. It's just different but I still love the show for putting out the quality they still do.  




 Hi Doug,

I had a chance to see the movie on Wednesday for an Advanced Screening and loved it! I'll be seeing it again opening weekend. 

Without giving anything away, do you plan on continuing the story in any way? The movie felt like a rejuvenation.  




 This is going to be awesome!  




 You are in for a wild ride of which you have yet to truly begin. Welcome and enjoy! Also, join us over at /r/community  




 the gang gets extreme home makeover edition. 




 To me, Davies had good standalone stories but a lot of it was still pretty cheesy. Moffat brought the cheesy down a notch and brought a seriousness to some of the stories and had series arcs which I much prefer to episodic work.

I came into Doctor Who after the first two series of Sherlock (for which Moffat won multiple Emmys for writing). So I enjoyed his way of telling a story coming into Doctor Who 




 When I started to watch the show, I started with 9, couldn't get into it so I moved on to 10, same thing so I tried 11, from the first episode I was hooked. After I finished all of 11's stories (at the time), I went back and was able to enjoy 9 and 10 but 11 is my favorite so far. I also believe that Moffat's stories, for the most part, have been better than Davies. But that's just my opinion.  




 Charlie Work is up there for me but my favorite has got to be Chardee Macdennis. I just absolutely love that episode.  




 I love Superbad, I was just pointing out the irony of your post. Anyway, check out the trailer for Chef, I think you'll like it 




 Harry Potter (and every name in that series) 

Jack Ryan

Luke Skywalker

Ethan Hunt

Tony Stark

 




 Sort of comedic but it's just a really good movie I think you both would like. Chef. It's on Netflix and it's great. It's written, directed, and stars Jon Favreau about a well known Chef trying to re-find his groove as a top Chef. Check out a trailer. 

Also, just had to say, you mentioned you like Superbad buy don't like Seth Rogen type Stupid comedies. Superbad was written by Seth Rogen and he is in most of the movie.  




 [Spoilers](#s "John Ellis has put Ari as Studio Head, along with Dana, for one year just as a grooming period to take over for Ellis")  




 Yea, there is a joke about it this season. When the WiFi is not working, Frankie says "I've been emailing the IT lady and everytime it gets bounced back to me". Which makes sense because she IS the IT lady haha.  




 [Spoilers](#s "Maybe")  




 The movie doesn't start with it 




 Didn't see it, but, you do know that Michael Bay doesn't write the score to a movie?  




 Yes I did! Haha.  




 I agree, but they give us a glimpse like they always did in the earlier seasons of the show.  




 He most certainly is 




 It's open for a sequel but doesn't really hint for it.  




 I don't want to ruin the ending [Spoilerish](#s "It's still a comedy so there is a happy ending but I liked how they ended the movie")  




 Ha, I think you will be 




 For the last few seasons of the show, I definitely saw people turn on the show and start giving it a lot of shit. But maybe that's gone now 




 The focus is a lot on Ari in the movie so you will be satisfied 




 Sometimes it felt like an extended episode but it was very much in a movie format. It worked. It never felt long and was very pleasing to a fan. 

I never saw Sex in the City but Entourage on the surface has the similarities (group of people getting  laid) but also, there was some really good story in the early seasons. Anyone who gives this analogy I like to point out season 5 because Vince's career took a dump and he had to be brought back to life and then truly fought for his career.  




 Those were great times but I have to say, season 5's storyline, although at a low point in his career, really brought the best out of the cast 




 I could see that. People will just miss out on the a lot of the inter-workings of the characters. It's like trying to be part of a group of friends that have been together for years and you just joined, you'll get most of it but the inside stuff will go over your head 




 For me, seasons 6-8 got away from what made the show great. The behind the scenes of making movies in Hollywood. We didn't see Vince make any of the movies and barely got any of the promo afterwards, it was all of the dramatic side stories that took over. Still fun to watch but not as engaging as the first 5 seasons 




 Billy is in a few scenes but more as their friend then part of the story 




 [spoilers](#s "A few new actresses and randoms on a boat") 




 [spoilers](#s "They called it quits on their honeymoon and are getting it annulled") 




 Jeremy Piven is truly great in that role. He again crushes it. It's really a lot of Ari's POV in this movie which is great 




 Probably yea. I think it can stand on its own for some but you will miss out on a lot of the side storylines, relationships, and inside jokes. As I said, the first 5 seasons were really good 




 I think you'll be ok, but it wouldn't hurt to watch at least the last couple episodes. The last few seasons definitely lacked in quality compared to the first 5 but they are still fine to watch. 

If anything, just look up descriptions of the episodes to get the overall storylines 




 I just got out of an Advanced Screening of Entourage and it was really good. I know it's been cool to hate on Entourage lately and some people just don't like it, but Seasons 1-5 for me were really good. 

Anyway, the movie was well done. It had its cheesy moments and skipped over a couple storylines from the end of the show but mostly it brought back what I loved about the show, the comical but sometimes real portrayal of the behind the scenes of making movies in Hollywood. 

It's not a perfect movie, but hell if I wasn't entertained and really loved seeing the characters again.

If you genuinely didn't like the show, no need to comment here, just move on.  




 Very much disagree. One of the better seasons in recent years. It's one of the most consistently funny shows on the air and Season 10 was great. But to each their own 




 If you are talking about the American version, I disagree. I really liked this season, one of the best in my opinion.  




 I preferred the one with the explosion 




 /r/MadMax 




 /r/MadMax 




 It was entertaining but an okay movie for me all together. I had never seen the originals but was told that I didn't need to. It had some good acting and action but it just didn't blow me away. 

And I agree with the others, way too many posts on here about Mad Max. Either head over to /r/moviescirclejerk or /r/MadMax 




 This is a subreddit for the show Community on Yahoo Screen 




 Absolutely amazing. Should have won awards. I was really disappointed when it didn't even receive nominations. Great acting, great story, incredible direction.  




 Most movies with a subtitle are very ambiguous but you understand once you see it. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, Star Wars: The Phantom Menace, Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol.  




 I'd like to see a Season 7 or a Movie. Basically, if we are lucky enough to get any sort of more Community, I'll be very happy! 

Also, I don't think anyone has given up on Community, It's more so that we won! We were on the brink of cancellation so many times until we finally did get canceled, then brought back to life for a very well received and reviewed season 6. We beat the system, anything now is extra which I'm sure we are all thankful for 




 [I don't know what I expected...](http://i.imgur.com/q86myk6.gif) 




 Absolutely. That's why I said they did their best to emulate the tone. It was hit and miss. Still Community but not quite top tier 




 Guillermo Del Toro 




 Today's episode was awesome!  




 I'm loving season 6! Not as good as last season but still really good 




 Season 4 of Community. Dan Harmon and Chris McKenna were fired. New showrunners were brought in and did the best they could to emulate the tone, humor, and quality of the show but it just fell flat most of the time.  




 Yea, I only added myself as a tester for Excel and only am trying to download excel 




 I read that it said it could take up to 4 hours yet it's still unavailable.  




 Ok, thanks! I'll wait a few and try again.  




