



















 Thanks. It was a great night...cold as shit when I was facing the lake...but still a great time 




 This the standard Nikon kit lens 




 This is pretty much right off my chip except for some subtle tweaks to colours. That's the great thing about long exposure. .you don't need much edits if done right. 




 Great shot, that's actually the same one I was on - the shorter of the two, right?  I was trying to get onto the taller one but the stairwell I found ended up being the smaller one - on my way down I found where I should have gone!  Oh well, maybe next time! 




 "The only thing we have to fear, is fear itself"  :P 




 Thank You!!! 




 one of them, yes :P 




 Downtown Toronto  




 I prefer to keep them as secret as I can to preserve them for others to enjoy 





























 Yes, I have been through the entire property except for up the main terminal 




 thank you 




 Its fake 




 Thanks! 




 I was in here for over 4 hours when I took these photos and I really didn't even scratch the surface.  There were dozens upon dozens of old photo albums and personal items.  There were so many rooms and closets and cubbys that it would literally take a week to enjoy it all and take it all in..

As for napping - the house is now infested with Raccoons and the whole house is covered in raccoon feces......so I'll leave that with you to consider :P 



















 I agree its not abandoned - but a walk through anything other than the main station certainly looks like something out of Life After People!! 




 I agree its not abandoned - but a walk through anything other than the main station certainly looks like something out of Life After People!! 




 Thanks, this is from a Nikon d3200, just subtle edits to tones really - nothing much, 
































































 It's a cat.  I've seen it since and now all the fur is gone - it is most definitely a cat.  I though the same thing up until I saw it again. 




 someone's gotta do it :P 
































































 Great work as always! 




 It's either flickr or how I processed it.  I tried some different stuff here 
























 It's a play on words grumpelstilsken!!  The statue is a bird! 





























 Thanks. I do appreciate comments like this. Its a constant reminder to pay attention to the details
 




 Hahaha 




 no, from right up on the roof! 




 thanks for the clarification, I had no idea! 




 Thanks all - I had no idea that a "grotesque" existed! 




 hahah I keep getting corrected on that, I had no idea! 




 Thanks, I had no idea!  cool! 





























 You're just grumpy! 






















































 haha thanks! 




 canada :P 




 hell ya 




 well thanks! 









 you win an upvote! 




 hah thanks! 




 hah ya it is, I wanted to unscrew the bulb!! 
























 yes its being restored...we part of it is! 




 smarty pants! 




 see below! 




 Ya You Do! 




 Thank YOU for viewing! 




 patience!!! 




 wow, great detail and future outlook,  thanks for sharing 
























 thanks for the feedback! 




 ya!!!!   












































 Ya I already posted it - i'm a dumbass!!!

my badz 



















 Its location is only known by few 




