 That's what it looked like to me. 




 [A former NYPD officer told a story along these lines at The Moth a few years ago.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbhvjeTmF1Q) 














 This RadioLab podcast takes a look at how the US has treated foreign prisoners of war and the controversy caused by that treatment, especially in light of the treatment of US citizens in internment camps and the treatment of US prisoners of war by enemy powers. 









 Typical Ted. 









 Article has an interesting sampling of how easy it is to get sucked into the NYC Criminal Justice System/Machine. 









 Are you sure it wasn't Grant Wahl? /s 




















































































 Whenever police are reluctant about removing a seemingly abandoned car, my first thought is: "Bait car?" Probably not in this case. 












































 This sting has more to do with marketing related bribes and kickbacks involving CONCACAF officials and marketing companies, such as Traffic. Much of this seems to be connected to tv and radio rights for matches and tournaments, including the 2014 World Cup.

Since CONCACAF is headquartered in Miami, the US has jurisdiction. It is not uncommon for the law enforcement authorities of different countries to work together. The fact that the Swiss authorities were willing to assist the US indicates just how fed up they are with FIFA in general.

As to why now - my understanding is that certain statutes of limitations were on the verge of expiring.

FIFA doesn't like governmental interference into its secret lairs. I've seen speculation that if Blatter wanted, he could suspend all of CONCACAF and take away the World Cup slots. Not sure how accurate this is, and not sure that FIFA would want to grab the bull by the horns like that.

I think DOJ's endgame is to root out corruption in CONCACAF and hold the sleazy folks that have been in charge accountable for their misdeeds.

What happened today isn't about the 2018   2022 World Cup bidding processes; however, the Swiss government has launched its own criminal proceedings into those matters. 
































































 Haven't seen any dead birds in my area yet, but during my run this morning I did see a dead cat that looked like it got caught in the flooding. 









 As noted by others, the US investigation concerns CONCACAF. [Meanwhile, the Swiss authorities have opened an investigation into the 2018 and 2022 World Cup Bids.](http://news.yahoo.com/swiss-police-detain-soccer-officials-ahead-fifa-congress-053453976--spt.html) 
























 Which is a reminder of why it's not a good idea to drive into high water, doesn't take much to make a car float. 


































 Yep, the floodwaters brought it to the surface and floated it over to a bike path along a bayou. 


































 The afternoon of September 11th and the day everyone left because of Hurricane Rita are the two weekdays I saw Downtown that dead. 














 Had water get up into the garage, but stayed below the sheet rock. 









 A lot of traffic lights are blinking red, which doesn't make things any easier. 









 Thank you! 




 Wishing I could watch tonight, but raging storms here in Houston killed my electricity. 



















 Canadian Thugs ;-) 




 The average driver is not going to have any idea what that car is, it doesn't stand out the way Crown Vics stand out, it actually kind of blends in somewhere between the old Impalas and Malibus. 




 This is a nice little piece written by a guy who grew up with the real SNAFU as his neighbor http://www.beliefnet.com/columnists/roddreher/2010/03/the-real-snafu-from-the-pacific.html 




 Not as good as he looked in Dynamo orange. 


































 I recommend the movie "Crossing the Bridge," which makes good use of this song. 


































 I love how they pack so many little details into each show, examples: last week's SWOT board this week's placards at the conference. They're kind of like the vulgar version of Wes Anderson. 

















































 Fingering Teens 




 In our lifetime .... Love Baghead 




 Transco/Williams never owned the building, but got naming rights so to speak as the anchor tenant. 




 To some of us it will always and forever be the Transco Tower. 




 Condolences  







































 Heard them on Prairie Home Companion last night, really like their version of this song. 




 Now if only black bears would come back to East Texas. 




 https://www.facebook.com/HoustonLostandFoundPets

EDIT: Be patient with the signs. This is a long holiday weekend, it is possible her owners don't know she's missing. 




 And Continental was a million times more customer oriented than United ever was. 




 It's not spam if it is interesting. 




 With the Houston Comic Con this weekend, you should get lots of good pictures. 




 I figured bots left NYT alone because of the paywall.  




 Every other strip center, plus a CVS or Walgreens on every other corner. 




 No cowboy hat. I have boots: motorcycle boots and tactical boots. 




 I'm a full human and a subscriber to this subreddit, one who likes to travel. Didn't know that Bots post New York Times articles - TIL I guess. 




 Surprised that Charlie Leduff's Detroit: An American Autopsy was not on that list. 




 If I could predict the future like that, well, I'd be a rich man. Look, revisit the issue down the road, after the situation has settled down, after that asshole Putin is gone. 




 Well played, I applaud you. 




 East End area is on the rise. 




 In reality, the issue should be revisited down the road, after Putin is gone. But right now, doing this would be a spineless capitulation by UEFA to appease a thug and bully. But hey, the governing boards of FIFA, UEFA, CONCACAF, etc. do consist of a bunch of immoral bastards looking to line their own pockets. 




 Sadly, here in Texas the criminal justice system excels at criminalizing poverty. 




 The people who live in Crimea. 




 This happens all the time. Police and DA's office won't waste their time on you once you explain the situation. 




 Makes me miss The Axiom. 




 Well, they should of thought about that before jumping into bed with Putin. 




 And the problem with that is? 




 When did it have balls? 




 It's actually his tan that got me to think WTF, seems dangerous. 




 Tan Mom would be jealous. 




 If you have taken more than three consecutive sips of beer while standing, you've broken a law in Texas. When I was at Baylor a student got a ticket for farting. That's the light hearted side, the dark side is how many people get ticketed or arrested on flimsy evidence that wouldn't hold up at trial but can't hire good legal help so take pleas cause it seems easier   quicker than fighting,   then find themselves f'd financially. "Just don't break the law," is pure navet. Oh, how about this poor guy - http://www.miamiherald.com/news/local/community/miami-dade/article1957716.html 




 You be the judge: http://www.baseball-almanac.com/quotes/quoberra.shtml 




 Apparently this guy is a regular in St. Pete Beach, Florida. 




 Here's the going away shot: http://i.imgur.com/L9uerMn.jpg 




 Oh, on the west side of Houston it is called The Katy Freeway and on the east side it is called East Freeway or Baytown East Freeway. 




 The 10 runs right through Houston, though we call it I-10: http://m.imgur.com/YN6EfV5 




 Howdy  




 Just remember that price gets passed onto the consumer.  




 I've never lived somewhere it was required, but been 10 years since I lived in an apartment. 




 Nice. 




 When I get that way I will. I live in Alief home to Chinatown. 




 I love it. Big diverse city, great museums, 5 pro sports teams, great performing arts, great food, lots of nightlife. Traffic can be hell. It's humid as hell. Summer is hot but not as hot as Austin (which has worse traffic   does get very humid). Visit /r/Houston 




 It sounds like it's Fox that is the issue. They signed a contract and now want to a new one that pays them more. 




 At this point not on FS1, unless they break the stalemate first. 




 Sensitivity training . . . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJJpziU7wSs . . . .  




 Back in the mid-90s there was one older Capitol Police guy that seemed to spend all day around a street corner near the Library of Congress yelling at jaywalkers. Not issuing tickets, just yelling at them to wait for their light. 




 I bet there's a bunch of house mouses wishing you'd just be quiet right now ;-) 




 I don't think it's really going to have a huge impact here in Houston, big trucks have been coming up 59 from Laredo for decades now, it'll just cut their travel time Laredo up to Houston. This past December I drove up to Marshall for a wedding, hadn't driven up 59 through East Texas in almost 10 years, damn what a much improved drive that is now. 




 Now I'm hungry for tripe Pho, thankfully I live in Houston where Pho is a staple. 




 Grandpa was a sly fox. 




 "Baseball is ninety percent mental and the other half is physical." - Yogi Berra 




 It is after 12:00 pm on a Friday of a holiday weekend, so I bet the liquor is flowing heavily in the Reddit offices. 




 He wasn't a murdering asshole and he wasn't a saint. I respect that he made an effort to help his fellow veterans who were suffering PTSD, something Congress (or the Texas legislature) seems to have no interest in doing. 




 The Interstate 69 signs here in Houston have seemed to last, wonder if they've found a way to make it harder to steal those signs. 




 This isn't just a problem in the realm of truancy, it is a problem for a lot of low income people who get cited for various minor "quality of life" misdemeanors - loitering, public intoxication, being in a park after it has closed, etc. They get caught in a vicious circle of missing work due to arrest and court, already living paycheck to paycheck so can't pay fine, more court, maybe more jail, more work missed, there goes the job, etc. etc. etc. One of the big reasons that the federal judge shot down "stop and frisk" in the NYC public housing scenario was partly due to this happening to people who had no weapon and ended up getting summonses related to "quality of life" issues. The lead plaintiff in that case was arrested for trespassing at a public housing unit - he was waiting for his girlfriend who lived there and gave him permission to be there. The guy is a licensed security guard and the flimsy arrest, even without a conviction, could have seriously ruined his career. 




 I thought I read that only one of the dead was a Bandido, the other eight were Cossacks. Also, the impression I've gotten is that biker gangs will talk tough when it comes to the police, but in reality try to avoid violence against the police cause doing so will rain hell down upon them. MCs have clubhouses, clubhouses that are not well hidden. 




 I thought I read that only one of the dead was a Bandido, the other eight were Cossacks. Also, the impression I've gotten is that biker gangs will talk tough when it comes to the police, but in reality try to avoid violence against the police cause doing so will rain hell down upon them. MCs have clubhouses, clubhouses that are not well hidden. 




 Yes, Uverse has Fox Sports 1; however, [there is a dispute between the two entities concerning carriage fees as related to NASCAR, soccer, and golf.](http://variety.com/2015/tv/news/fox-sports-1-att-in-dispute-over-fees-for-nascar-golf-soccer-1201443261/) 




 I think they were more sophisticated than that. There were several of these incidents in my neighborhood at the time, indicative of organized burglary and probably answered to someone higher up the chain who already has a fence. 




 A few years back when my house got robbed, a dog in the backyard did not prevent them from jumping the fence and kicking down the backdoor. And she wasn't a small dog, sadly she was super friendly. When I had a new door installed, they guy installed it in such a way that it will be extremely difficult to kick in. 




 I did that when I was robbed. Never heard from HPD again after the initial report. 




 You forgot to ad - Get Renters Insurance if you rent. 




 That might actually be a fun conversation to eavesdrop on. 




 The only professional league in the US that does this is Major League Soccer, since it's the only league with organized Supporter Groups (often called in Ultras in other countries).  




 Actually, most of the Super Bowl week festivities will be in downtown, not at NRG. 




 This girl? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJ7VMCJKGQg - Not sure, looks like she does their Spanish language commercials too. Maybe the folks at http://whoisthathotadgirl.tumblr.com/ can help you out. 




 [This is my favorite one that happened in Houston.](http://www.fbi.gov/houston/press-releases/2013/woodlands-man-convicted-of-using-fake-cia-credentials)
I will say one thing that can be annoying here in Houston is how all the private security companies now have fleets of cars that look like police cars. Additionally, there are at least three communities (two very wealthy neighborhoods and one a commercial district) that hire off-duty LEO to patrol in vehicles those communities have furnished - and they seem to replace the cars more often than HPD. 




 I have seen Houston Police use pick-up trucks, but were always marked, and the decals indicated that their primary duty was related to dealing with Tractor-Trailer enforcement. 




 One of the reasons I hated the idea of the Astros moving to the American League, might not always beat the Cardinals, but we did get to beat them at least a few times every season. 




 Not all government vehicles in Texas say "EXEMPT" on their plates, I've seen marked Constable vehicles with normal Texas plates. Pursuant to Texas Transportation Code 721.003 it is possible to obtain regular plates for exempt vehicles. While said section lists a bunch of specific entities, I assume that No. 18 is a pretty broad coverall for all other agencies. 




 Plus the way I heard it on the news this morning, he was found in a city owned vehicle. 




 Totally forget that I had that Space Invader game when I was a kid. I also had the football game that Henry was playing on The Americans this past season. 




 Sadly, it's getting harder and harder. A lot of unmarked vehicles will have officers with armor and polos or t-shirts, but it's easy for civilians to buy that stuff too. Hell, lots of police departments, especially in tourist areas, sell the t-shirts. I know the NOPD precinct office in the French Quarter has a t-shirt vending machine. 




 I'm thinking more nefarious than that, sexual assault. 




 I believe that those episodes in the 500s are repeats, which won't necessarily be replayed in order. 




 Sorry, was on my phone last night and fat figured the date - it's 1994, not 1993, obviously. 




 Yep, that's him. I found this posted on his Facebook page yesterday. 




 Probably use them to find cars that need boots due to unpaid tickets = revenue. 




 So, we essentially got a glimpse of what Cooper Sterling was like in the 1920s. 




 A friend of mine in HS, her brother was the night manger at the Two Pesos on Montrose and we'd stop by there for freebies after leaving Decadance (now El Real). 




 So that's why it's called The Hoodlands. 




 That's a private subreddit. 




 And yet, unfortunately, I see so many lawn water systems going off in the middle of the day when they are least efficient. 




 I think they're just trying to keep stupid people from watering in the day when most of that water will evaporate instead of going into the soil. 




