




 It would be nice if there's some in-game benefit from performing with clanmates VS a normal fireteam. Is there any in-game reason to be in a clan?  




 i imagine humans will kill off anything bigger than a bat flying around... 




 Talk to your neighbors, look for food trucks around noon to see. Research   make some calls. Otherwise, they should be sending reps to your door... 

make them work. make them work against each other for price. notice when the prices change,   let them know you know. the more you do this, the more deals they'll offer   the less your prices will fluctuate.  




 because it literally takes time to cool off   time is what you need to calm down?  




 well, MCC seems like a good pick 




 Halo 3: the Gravemind sections where it'd slow down   blur your vision... Used too many times for effect.  




 for jeebus sake: if the cops are concerned there are pedophiles at the park, why not arrest the pedophiles   not the mother encouraging her son to play at a (probably tax funded) park? 

 




 Books on tape: David Sedaris, David Cross, Steve Martin
Audible.com

Podcasts: Nerdist / WTF / Comedy Bang Bang / ETC...
Various sites: iTunes, their own site, apps, etc 

 




 It really needs to be available across all MSFT devices... 

If they don't, MSFT will lose the digital rights battle to Sony, Apple, Google, Amazon, or any platform that ensures rights for a lifetime on future hardware 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cEgAExO6ghY
Fan made doc about Patrice... he was great  




 You didn't 'kill' this guy... 
 




 Find an Apartment Hunter. There's a couple of decent ones on NW 183. They don't charge you a thing. They'll do the hunting for you. They'll drive you around town for free letting you see your options. They get paid by whatever apartment they find for you, usually your first months rent goes to their company. 

Not always the case, but try to live east/west of your job for quicker commute times.  




 Tell her that maybe your future son will appreciate them... that'll distract her for now  




 wow, I would have several of these achievements already if available from the beta...  




 In game, anyone know how long a 'day' lasts in real time?  




 just about every 'reality' TV 'star'

no one has ever been selected to be on a reality show for being a good person. 'let's gather the worst selection of ignorant, selfish, manipulative assholes   be entertained'. Survivor celebrates people who backstabs the most. Honey Boo Boo is terrible. who gives a fuck about a Kardashian? 

Still can't believe studios decide to marginally cast a show, barely create a script, rarely have to pay for sets,   make a killing in revenue off it...   there's a HUGE demographic of clueless viewers that don't care / tune in weekly. We're celebrating (making famous) people who exude the worst qualities in people   have no real talent.  




 for Bonobo's, it's more than pleasure, it's social. they greet each other with sex. they dispute problems with sex. they perform every act imaginable (hetero, homo, incest, group, etc). all day orgy monkeys. 




 Any one else feel like you stole her ship?  




 The biggest question I have about the moon: What's up with that huge chain? 

I don't know what kind of evil those cosmonauts came across, but it seems they've been settled in the moon for quite a while... that chain came off like the hatch in Lost.  




 I'm jealous of other players that can do the robot...  




 how about posting that video?  




 If she isn't attracted to you, anything you say is creepy...  




 When the fraternal order of police first introduced tasers   pepper spray, they were proposed as non-lethal substitutes for guns

They could only be used to dissolve situations where guns are appropriate 

you think the 'don't tase me bro' guy could've been shot for hogging a podium? you think protesters deserve to be shot in the face?   




 shouldn't it be a law that all voluntary elected servants give up any   all beneficial gains while in office? 

without term limits, that'd be a great way to keep people in power for so long. unless they like thier job   modest pay...

 




 increase your price, decrease your initial selection, profit. 

Source: been a member since launch. they used to have partnerships with a lot more studios. I keep paying for netflix, but I rarely watch. Waaay less movies than they initially had, documentaries are about the only thing noticeably new. The 'new release' section rarely updates...  




 Those Nintendo kids will never know what's it's like to have $.25 to finish a game... 




 An IQ of 144 is gross  




 you'd think the GOP would realize that if the internet was a local utility, the local ISP could censor / block / monitor away...

Then, we'd actually need privatized ISPs to counter offer  




 the toll roads are almost always empty. it's a luxery tax that most choose not to pay (ATX is expensive enough). 

they should release the numbers of how much it cost of TxTag VS it's income. It's cheaper than last gen toll roads, but still costs a good bit with the cameras, the databases, etc... 

there's over a hundred people moving here a day, the roads are packed, surely there's other taxes we can use to pay for these (toll) roads which are everywhere yet not being used...  




 it's illegal in most states, but most no one knows or cares since cops don't ticket for it...  




 no multiplayer, the campaign didn't seem worth $60 alone... $40 is better, but I'm going to wait until it's lower.  




 If so, what do you call the next installment? 

I miss being able to know when a MSFT product was made. Wish the next Windows was Win 15 (2015). By year is the most sensible convention. Windows have been being released pretty frequently, need a better naming scheme to distinguish them...  




 Jelly-Fish Man or AnthingThatTouchesMeUnderWater Man  




 So, does Sam Wilson have the super soldier powers now? 

Is he still same bird telepathic powers but wearing Captain American suit?  




 Every 'car sized' gap you create is some schmuck behind you that you're screwing over...  




 if only Reddit would warn "this link has been posted before @ __________"  




 [New Thor, who didn't see this coming?](http://seveninchesofyourtime.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/adventuresinbabysitting4.jpg)
 




 as far as halo spartan assault: that's done in house...

yes, I replied to Mjr Nelson   Zen after the announcement. Got confirmation from Zen that it wasn't offered to them.  




 I got a couple of tweets from Zen this morning. They said it was out of their hands. Zen rep said they'd love if digital rights went across devices... 

This is Microsoft's decision (fault).  




 Microsoft - Digital rights should work across all your devices: XBOX   Windows. 

It's apparent you're focusing your business on selling licenses: VIDEO / MUSIC apps   your marketplace. You're trying to get in on a major shift in media. People are turning from physical media to digital rights. You need to establish a better reputation than this. You are F'n Microsoft! 

When people buy from you, they need to know:

- the license is valid a lifetime for the user
- the license works across all your devices during that lifetime 

If you don't, you'll lose out to Sony, Amazon, Google, Apple, etc...   then you'll put out a press release like you always do saying 'now MSFT sees the light'... the market will speak. 

Your goal should be to retain users between upgrades, yet you've made several decisions to give established users reservations about your service.

I remember your mission statement being about synergy between products, but not anymore. 

EDIT: why do posts like this get downvoted? it's informative, it adds to the conversation, it's just an opinion...  b/c fanboys downvote things they disagree with (not what the button is for). 
 




 The difference between eccentric   crazy is about a million dollars... 

The difference between comedy   tragedy?
 - someone gets a paper cut, it's a tragedy
 - someone falls down a man hole, it's comedy  

Mel Brooks  




 Didn't Comcast already have one of THE worst customer service reputations of any brand? 

 




 nope, i got bioshock when it went on sale. in fact, I've been buying a lot of games when they go on sale

I buy MP games new when they come out ($60) because I want to play with my friends

I buy other games after they go on sale (less than $20). Don't mind waiting...  




