 Alright, so if I think my local laundromat has boxes of drugs in the basement, am I allowed to break in and investigate? Honest question, because the other user seems to be implying that'd be perfectly legal, and that doesn't seem correct (though I really have no idea). To me, that seems to be what the bill is about. 

As for why farms, it's because Wyo. has a huge farming community, and I always figured states created laws to cater to what's relevant.  




 Here's something from Slate saying why the practice would be good for women:

http://www.slate.com/articles/double_x/doublex/2013/04/legalize_polygamy_marriage_equality_for_all.html 




 * High taxes on the rich

* Reduction of wealth inequality 

* Labor rights

* Fighting religious influence 

* Gun control 

* Leveling the socio-economic playing field through government action (such as affirmative action)

* At one point being anti-war, but the progressive silence during Obama's tenure has changed that

* Feminist positions (pro-choice, etc)

* LGBT rights    

* Anti-privatization 

* Anti-charter schools  




 I'd think you'd only be allowed into a strangers home if you suspect someone (or something like an animal) is in need of immediate help. I don't think, for example, I can just break into your home if I suspect you for smoking crack and want to collect evidence. The legal thing would be to call the authorities. 

I could be wrong though, so let me know if I am.   




 Casper with the Red Cross. But rent is like ten billion dollar :(  




 They can be protected if they remain anonymous. That's fine, as they're not trespassing since they are employees.  




 Good. In case things go wrong, hit the gym, and lawyer up.  




 Yes. Browsing invisibly is a good touch for me.  




 Should trespassers not be charged? I'm stuck on that question. On one hand, I know some farms can be abusive, but on another, private property is private, and I don't see what's wrong with strengthening protections against intruders. What's the alternative? To force farms to let anyone who asks to come on in?  




 I'm looking for the same thing. Even /r/libertarian is bad. 
The only pro-capitalism sub I've found to be tolerable is /r/anarcho_capitalism.      




 Is that a bad thing? I need to keep some money of mine - if someone took all, I'd be homeless.  









 Pretty much not expected, but if I'm really stuck somewhere and they spend a good amount of time getting me out, I'll throw them a little something.  




 Making it look like I'm active 




 When I got an awesome job offer...that was in Wyoming again. Fuck. 




 What's your favorite book, album and movie? 




 What do you do there? 




 From the right-libertarian perceptive, liberty would include things like property, the right to vote (if that applies), right to a fair trial (if that applies) and so on. More or less, you can look to the US Constitution for examples of this. It's the basic right to your personhood.  




 I was supposed to have drinks with a date but she canceled due to illness. Drank anyway at a bar. Listened to music. Cried tears of much sadness on the drive home.  




 Met for beers two hours North of me. Talked China, Mormons, and other things. Played pool. Simple and easy. Not sure she wants a second date though. 

1/10 for that reason alone.  




 How much wood could a woodchuck chuck wood if a woodchuck could chuck wood? 




 Goes great with a side of Sarah Silverman.  




 Something cool I heard about him was that he originally thought the Constitution was a racist piece of law, but after studying it some more he changed his mind and found it to be good for African-Americans.  




 The Drudge isn't a news source. It links to other sites, and doesn't report anything on it's own.  




 Highfive, obviously  




 Effort, probably. Tinder is easier to use and set up.  









 I bookmark interesting people with really long profiles, who I might message later in the year. 




 * Someone to go dancing with me, while inebriated by substances

* Going church to church to see where the qt's are 




 At this current moment, I'm comfortable with having a relationship. With Yemen, Syria, and Iraq all in turmoil, it's good to have an ally on the ground. Certainly I agree that SA's human abuse issues are very bad, and should not be overlooked, but we should wait to evaluate the relationship until after ISIS and the Yemenis rebels are taken care of.  




 I've been in Utah a month and already got work at a cal center (and got three other offers). Look around the outskirts of SLC (Provo, Orem) and you might have better luck.   

The call center I'm going to be working for is looking for new hires. Would you be interested in doing that? 




 I've gotten 5 dates on OKC in a month, but only one through Tinder during the same time. OKC is way easier if you use it right.  




 Look to the North Shore or South Shore. Towns like Cohasset, Beverly, and Marblehead have such places.   




 Very true. The dealership often can't tell the true condition of the car until they get a full look at it. Number of miles on it are also a factor into lowering the price.  




 Awesome list. Saved.  




 That's super interesting! Got any sources? NYT, RT, WSJ, etc? I'd love to write about this for a blog team I'm a part of, just having difficulty finding any sources on the matter. 




  You are waiting for what evidence, exactly? People who have worked on these teams have themselves come out and made posts about it with their instruction booklets or memos(no I don't have sources because I'm not writing a peer-reviewed scientific journal entry, sorry, you can google it though

You mean posts on Reddit? That's not really credible, is it? Peer reviewed journalists aren't the only ones that use sources - anyone making claims usually have them. For example, I can say the Moon is made of cheese. The only way I could convince anyone of that would be proof, right? Or should people just take it at face value?

Do I suspect companies are playing Reddit? Sure, it might be a thing. But every time I ask for proof so I can convince others, I get non-answers and I'm told to just "think about it". Very frustrating. I'm just so skeptical because of the amount times I personally have been called a shill (which would be nice, but is sadly false).
 




 Which ever ones have proof and sources are fine! I keep digging, but I'm not coming up with a lot of solid proof, just a lot of speculation without sources. 




 Damn, most if those aren't actually about Obama's recovery package that went to the roads. Ah well, thanks for trying! I guess I'll just have to wait until someone else provides better links.  




 So you don't think the lack of evidence has any barring on folks being outraged? Just speaking for myself, if I saw more evidence of astroturfing, I'd be mad. But I can't be because I don't see it. My guess (and you can prove me wrong here) is a majority of folk are the same way.   




 That place will accuse anyone of being a shill. I have some conservative views, and was called a shill at least three times for espousing them.  




 Probably because we haven't really caught people doing this. Most accusations are speculation, and don't carry proof.  




 This is my most successful method, too. What I do is I offer the date without time it place specifics. That way we set those two things up via texting, and everything is easier.  




 So which rich and connected persons then? Googling for names isn't helping me find out who you're talking about.  




 How do you mean? I saw plenty of stimulus projects at work a few years ago. Which rich specifically?  




 Yup. I had a girl message me back two months later. She apologized, and wrote a good response. Wasn't an issue.  




 I would take new ones. The other two are okay, but you need more for sure! 




 Your main has bad lighting, so it's not particularly flattering. 

I found the time travel joke a bit overused. Using it once or twice is okay, but more than that feels boring.  




 Do you know any details? Like time? 




 An American guy flipped off the police every time he drove by them. They would pull him over for it (not sure if they cited him or anything). He later sued and won.  




 I would use the dog pic as your main. It's really cute.  




 I had some food with two homeless gentlemen earlier, Mike and JP. It was really cute how they got so sleepy after they ate a full meal in God knows how long. They took me to the shelter they're at and told me their stories. Pretty cool experience. 

 




 It shouldn't be. It's clear many Millennials are turning towards libertarianism and socialism due to a lack of connection with the two parties. Diversity in the political field is exactly what this country needs.    




 Some people think jet fuel couldn't possibly melt the steal beams of the World Trade Centers (which is what is commonly accepted as the cause for why the buildings fell). If these people are right, that would mean the buildings fell for someone other reason, namely, explosives (some people think the planes were carrying missiles or were missiles themselves).  




 There definitely are. A good portion identify as libertarian too. Groups like Students For Liberty and Young Americans For Liberty have a growing presence at CPAC and college campuses.     




 No, nor do many universalists. Sin comes from scripture, telling us what God wants an doesn't want. Many universalists don't read such scripture, so it's an irrelevant topic.  




 Seconded. I'm a deist, and also a universalist. I have to mark "other" on my profile because I'm not sure how else to describe it. I'm religious in that I believe in God, but don't follow any scripture. 

 




 Hmm. You're right. Seniors are better targets.  




 Ur just jealous. 

(I'll be shaving within a week or two).  




 It's funny about the bi-thing. Most of my visitors are guys (which I expected), but even they seemed turned off/aren't messaging. 

And yes, I'm messaging first when I can. 

Thanks for the tip!  









 I'm with Americorps, and our living stipend is not made for super expensive places like Casper.  My job is looking to move me there, but I just don't know what to do. I can afford around 400 a month, maybe 500 if utilities are included. 

There are a couple places I've found online which seem to serve low income individuals. What kind if prices should I expect from there?  




 One really bad thing is cost of rental. A lot of 1br places are 800+. Really crazy.  




 More local government, less federal government. That is, a state/province should have a lot more power when determining it's own destiny. 

Also, many want public utilities replaced by private companies.    




 I'm not sure on figures, but it rarely seems to work for attracting celebrities. However, requests for less famous type people (magicians, truck drivers, fast food workers) seem to have a fair chance of getting an AMA.  




 When we report using the app, who receives our report?   




 That was until he visited Mecca, where he saw integration working.  




 Love their laughs. Thanks for sharing! 




 That's a cool suggestion! Thanks for the link! 




 I'd say so, especially if you're part of that group. How are groups supposed to self improve if no one (outsiders or insiders) criticize them when they do wrong? At one point in time, western political thought was dominated by racism, sexism, and colonialism. Had people followed your line of thought, nothing would have ever changed because everyone was doing it, so why bother?   




 So then what's the proper way to criticize a group when you see trends, like the ones the speaker pointed out? 




 One can criticize a single group without having to criticize all groups.  




 Was this in utah? 




 It's a joke. Someone snagged it before actual people from SF could. 




 Sometimes VICE and Reason, which cover a of issues like police abuse and war. 




 I'll say 2 is the lie. It was Morgan Freeman instead, wasn't it? 









 How often do you break things in the lab if you're drinking? Last time I drank at work, the whole place burned down. Need ideas on how to avoid that.   




 Seconded with FIRE. Amazing group.  




 Liberal Mormons seem to be common for SLC 




 It can mean either. In my experience, if they want you to have a license from the state they are located in, the company will give you time to get one.   




 All good points to me! How would I go about putting a union job on a resume, though? "Worked for unionized call center doing A, B  amp; C"? 




 I'm assuming you went to ISFLC? Hope you had fun, glad you made it safe!  




 Appreciate the write up! Job security is definitely a concern of mine, so that's a great point on disciplinary action.  




 Got two offers from two different call centers. One is union at 10/hr, the other is non-union at 12/hr. I could do either just fine, but the union one also seems to offer better full-time benefits. 

What would you do? 




 If I suspect someone is going to ask me if we're Amish, I just start slinging plainspeak around.  




 Seconding on length. Cut it down like a lumberjack in a forest.  




 Mucho gracias! 




 Hopefully I'm doing this right:

You've reached my profile, please send a message after the beep.

Rejected from Massachusetts, new to the West. Show me around your town, and I'll buy us matching socks. Often hanging around SLC at museums and libraries.

Simplicity is my goal. You'll find I don't own much, with great pleasure. It's an easy lifestyle, ya dig?

Mover, shaker, also a Quaker. And before you ask, no, not like the Amish. 




 The American Friends Service Committee. It does a lot of broad work on ending racism, war, and poverty. Besides my occasional donation, I'm a part of my local Quaker community, where we discuss such things at the local level. 

http://afsc.org 




 Went to a concert Friday night with a girl (Authority Zero, Reel Big Phish, Less Than Jake). Didn't see her dancing much, so I thought it was a waste. Wound up going back to my place anyway. She talked a lot though. Like, a real lot.  




 Do different tribes stereotype one another? As in, would tribe X have stereotypes about tribe Y? And if so, what kind of stereotypes are there? 




 Doing pretty well myself. Killer profile, good pics, and a killer message is all it takes. Practice makes perfect. Just keep working at it, and get that critique.  




 I don't think mentioning work for people my age (18-23) is that important. A majority of us are in school and working part-time, or working full-time but not at a fulfilling job. The job market sucks for Millennials     




 I'm getting job offers and interviews after only being in my state for since the start of the month. Feels good.  




 Not totally sure, but there'd probably be needed proof that it's actually alcohol, regardless of what the bottles might look like. Again, could just be water, even if the bottle says it's not. 

When you get in trouble with the law, there needs to be proof 




 There'd also need to be proof of what is in the beverage. You could be faking being drunk, and your drink could just be water.  




 Another difference (for the US) is a college can be 2 year or 4 year, but a university is always 4 year.   




 I've just started viewing apartments on my own, and have no idea what I should be asking. I know to ask about rent and utilities, and move in dates, but what else should I know? 




 Message me if section only says "you want to" 




 Lol no we dnt jk 




 Acting stupid cute with me is the way to my heart.  




 I've had a two first messages from girls, lots of guys but none of them said anything beyond "hello how are you".  




 7 hours. Yup, desperate as fuck.  




 A girl mentioned having a minor in Chinese. I know a bit and sent her something asking her general questions. I reviewed the message later, and the grammar was shit.

Oh well.  




 Yup. After trying search on the website via Safari, I got a message saying the search function was overloaded.  




 Same age and same grade for me. Remember watching the news but not understanding what the heck was going on. Didnt seem very special until a few years later.  




 No issue!  




 Maybe you can if I run again :p

Because if I didn't run, the cop would run opposed. WE NEED CHOICES, DAMNIT 




 I did! Ran for state rep. I was never, ever going to win (the city had a clear preference for one party). But I got 16% of the vote. 

A lot of people were mad at me for running, and the local paper announced my candidacy with this title: "John Smith (the cop) announces bid for seat, faces no serious competition". 

Makes my heart sink :( 




