 We did not. It cut away before the sword lunge. 




 Noble 6. He's alive. Probably pulled a Randall and has a family. 




 They are the only ones left? I know they are operational, but really? So many of them too. 

I feel like they are being neglected though; my sense of balance is off.  




 Well, it would help chiefs case as being labeled a traitor. Like, if you'd been through what he'd been through. You'd be more understanding of why he went AWOL and more forgiving. 




 Right you are. Case closed 




 That's absolutely incredible.  




 Put the link back damit 




 This is pretty accurate. 




 If this is legit. It only helps my theory that Sully is in Bens side. 




 He was honestly my favorite spartan. They should figure out a way for a sweet ass return. Like last minute save by mendicant bias or a resident AI. IDFK 




 I WANT HIM TO BE ALIVE. He will return in glory 




 Locke is a good guy, and not a bad person. Nightfall sucked. Chief is better though. I see where you're coming from. I'm #teamkurt.  




 Hey, I like Locke but I'm actually #teamKurt 




 Mendez even says, "those Spartans sacrificed more than you will ever know"

Double meaning? Yes 




 This community never ceases to amaze me 




 Go get the declaration of war and read it. It was a sly attempt to contain Obama's war powers, make a solid plan, and make sure it wouldn't turn into a disaster like the rest of the wars for the last 10 years.

Did you read that article? It clearly states his intentions were to repeal the 2001 Iraq legislation and LIMIT intervention in mid east. It even stated people will only see this as "Rand Paul wants to go to war". Just as you see it, but that's not the case at all. 




 Like him or hate him, this is Rand Paul's philosophy on war. 




 I genuinely want him to become a good guy. 




 Id vote for you.  




 I guarantee that it's not because of your looks. It almost never is 




 Igor is that you? 




 She'll get the letter in a couple years.  




 Jesus. Now you're just missing Cameron Diaz and Adam Sandler 




 Link to polls 




 That's true. There can be tyrants on all levels. But it's isolated and easier to deal with when it is on a local level and less likely to occur. 




 Its the 25th. Gimme some halo 




 I'm going to go with the second image being an extreme close up of armor. Maybe the damage on chiefs?

It's also the 25th now. I want it, whatever it is. 




 Very hot redhead. Not ugly 




 It's a smaller more localized group better at determining the wishes of its populace than a broad overreaching federal government.   




 Damn. This is really cool 




 We need some sleuths on this asap 




 Look at his webpage. He is states rights on basically all of those issues. He won't introduce national legislation against those things. 

He is very carefully worded. www.randpaul.com 




 Many didn't like it because launch settings were trash. But within the game itself, there were custom tools, forge world and the best forge system yet, plus the title update. It made that game arguably the best playing halo.

Seriously, go back on your 360 and launch Reach. Then head into the MLG playlist. It's easily the best variant of halo gameplay to date. Smooth and full of skill. The game also had some of the best custom games and forge world allowed for players creativity and content to flow. If it had better launch settings, it would have been almost as popular as halo 3.  




 Yeah. Reach has this weird cult like following. Gets like 25k players regularly 




 That was really interesting 




 That was absolutely incredible. After reading the lines from H3 terminals, it just screams the old plan of "humans were forerunners".

So to sum this up a bit more. Humanity is facing: 

- Rebellion and dissent within its military and outer colonies

- Flood's possible return. And in heavy numbers

- Jul and Halsey (whom are both hellbent on revenge) have the Janus key and every piece of forerunner tech. 

- plus, a fuckton of Promethean knights at their disposal and the manipulative covie religion is on the rise. 

- John is AWOL at a time that is arguably **more threatening then the human covie war**. Humanities greatest hero abandoned them when they needed him most. 




  Elaborating a bit, he added: I was looking back at the old Jon Pertwee/Roger Delgado ones and whats fascinating about that is that they only ever play it as friends. They never, ever play it as enemies at all. Theyre just two gentlemen having fun with each other. The Doctors best friend is a murdering psychopath, thats actually quite fun."

can someone elaborate? 




 That's amazing.  




 Fuck. No. 




 Wouldn't suck if there was more fucking content. 




 Also we have to kidnap kids and train them there so they grow up to be badass supersoldiers. 




 I admire your conviction. I agree with you.

How did you come to this thinking? Do you have any law education?  




 Faked his death so he wouldn't have any commitments to the muggle world. 




 The first movie ran like a children's film. The rest were sooo much better 




 This sub isn't for that. 




 Bro just give him back his brick.  




 Your comment made me realize that there are so many amazing stories to tell in this universe. 




 SPRINT YOU SAY!? 




 You're clearly an Amazon warrior.

I'm on to you. 




 You sir are a dick 




 Reddit is always a pretty decent place for these guys to go.  




 Damn. Right in the feels. Well done 




 Hm. It would need easy vertical takeoff, fast and maneuverable horizontal movement. 

I want something so bad 




 The only reason I enjoyed Glasslands was because of the continuation of the absurdly stellar *Ghosts of Onyx*

I think it did that well 




 I'm trying to think of the science. How could it work? 




 Shhh. 

One day. One... day 




 Am I the only one that likes seeing people's tattoos? 




 This is what they need to use spartan ops for. Seasonal storylines to explore parts of the universe that can tell amazing stories but don't warrant a game or EU media 




 I think he's gotten better. Especially with Mr Pokefile on his team. 343 puts little nuggets and easter eggs in trailers so him analyzing can be a good thing.

It just pisses me off when he pronounces mjolnir as "manuer".  




 I think they favorited it too XD 




 Hm. Not any of the "man" voices? 




 Look for speakonia. Has everything 




 There should be a software pack where you can download a shit load of MS voices and modify them. 




 Yes. Lots and lots of death 




 That was amazing. I love you.

Could you make Locke's voice sound a bit different then arby's though? 




 Is hood the official head of UNSC forces? 




 I TOOK A MIDNIGHT TRAIN GOIINNN ANY WHERREEE. 




 I wanted to punch him the whole game. I think I blew him up with a rocket launcher a few times. 




 9.5/10 damn.  




 I know. I hope the actual cutscenes look more like blur h2a cutscenes 




 Same. It's so nonchalant.  




 Yo stop posing for pictures and help push the jeep.. 




 Overlord Bungie taught us better guys 




 Wasn't the assembly a bunch of AI's? 




 Is this described in any existing lore? Books? If so where? 




 He'd rather jump on everything anyways 




 Wow. That fit really well 




 I hope they make the halo 5 cutscenes and make them the way they made H2a. Not like this trailer where it looks like Locke is unnaturally running through concept art. 




 Whenever I preordered at GameStop. They ask for 5 bucks down and you can cancel anytime and get your money back or add more money to the preorder at anytime. You still get counted as a "preorder" and thus get cool ass bonuses. I've been doing this since I preordered Halo Reach.

Edit: you can even pick up your copy a few days after release.  




 The spartan IVs are identical to IIs while in armor. So Locke in armor now is the same as a spartan II in 2552. 




 The good thing about GameStop is that you can cancel and get your money back at any time. And still get cool bonuses.  




 Omg. If Jon does a new season of arby and Tyne chief. He has to get a Locke figure for the gang.  




 I really wanted more spartan ops. Just for the story. I hope it's redone and better in h5 




 Noticed that right away. I was like fuck yeah 




 Pawn stars was really cool because it was an entertaining way to learn nuggets of history. Whether it be pop culture or americana 




 That was fucking hilarious 




 Are you dog zone? 




 Bro. You forgot to label that weird space in between the phone pillow/awkward blanket, and SO. Looks like a good 1 to 2 feet gap there 




 I genuinely thought that was babble for a good minute in that. 




 So you go about your travels in a van? 




 Thanks Mr skeltetal 




 The one isn't naked that I can tell. But he has whatever garment he has on pulled down and is feeling his junk. 




 Yeah, bro you need to avoid the neckbeard look.  




 Can we get full video for lols 




 I honestly feel bad for them. 




 Anyone but EA. unless you want the left half of Hogwarts as preoder DLC. 




 So this is no longer a debate on the logical legitimacy of him as a GOP candidate. And is now about his political views, opinions, and philosophies. As such we'd be debating and advocating certain policies and the reasoning behind why something should or should not happen.

As much as I could debate and refute everything you're saying, I simply have no time or interest in getting into a long drawn out and useless internet debate about fiscal matters and other opposing viewpoints.  




 What was her reaction 




 You just disqualified every candidate running if you think those politifact statements, an opinion on vaccines, and a false statement about a legitimately half right figure on tax fraud to make a point that was still properly made regardless of the money figure (was still around 25%) make him unfit for any office. Then this means nearly every single person holding public office isn't fit for office, or the majority of our past presidents. That simply isn't a realistic and logical dismissal of his ability for office

You could do a quick google search on any public figure and get shit. You could even go in the opposite direction and google good things about him. The fact that you can Google has no bearing on this argument. As a result, none of what you linked can hardly qualify as being disconnected from reality; if that's the case, then most of Washington needs to be thrown in a mental hospital. Nor can you just dismiss his supporters as being simply "enamored" 

I don't support some of what he says and I don't think he's the savior of murica (so I'm clearly not enamored) but he's a foot in the door toward the direction we need to go. Change won't happen over night. 

Edit: Did you even read that full article you linked me on him? It praises some of his policy decisions and stand points. Specifically on states rights, marijuana, gay marriage, spying and more.  




 Alright elf lady. Explain 




  respect among his peers

Really? He specifically goes against establishment republicans for obvious reasons. His goal is to get the party back to it's roots, they aren't going to like him. 

What false statements? The man wants to decriminalize MJ, end mass surveillance, stop unnecessary intervention and useless wars, impose congressional term limits and eliminate career politicians. What other candidate wants to do any of that? How is any of that "disconnected from reality"?  




 The best bet in this election is going to be Rand Paul. He's a foot in the door for more change, especially in the party itself.  




 I'll put on some more effort. I'd love to explore mexico. But it can be very dangerous down there, as I'm sure you're aware. But these people are more deadly, much more heavily funded, armed to the teeth with top grade military weapons, and smarter then ISIS terrorists, they are the government in many places. The militias are just starting to fight back.

They won't be afraid to behead you for 5 dollars and especially if you look foreign. It gets better the more south you go, but I think traveling through north will prove to be an issue. Good luck. 




 Marry me 




 Cartels are bad.  




 There is a difference between hunting and what she did. 




 Not even a small one to keep in your pack? 




