 No, sexuality doesn't matter to me. I just know it does matter to some people, so I put it. But I'm just chilling. Ordered some pizza. Gonna chill.  




 Not much. How's it hanging? 




 He holds a grudge against Buffy so hard through the first 3 seasons because he wasn't in the running to be her boyfriend. She danced with him one time and everyone gives him a pass to be a complete dick. In season 5, he got better. He pulled a dick move in 6, but I don't completely blame him. He was quite manageable in season 7. But early Xander pisses me off.  




 27 year old gay guy wanting to hang out and do something. Open to suggestions, and always interested in making friends. Want to hang? 




 Is it just me or did Xander become more of a pompous ass as I got older while rewatching the episodes? 




 Fat ass. 




 Semantics. Obama was passing transgendered legislation to offer them protections while Orson Scott Card joined NOM (National Organization for Marriage) who isn't JUST anti-same-sex marriage. They're against gays and believe in reparitive therapy, and HE joined as one of their board members. Also, Hillary has constantly said how much of a supporter she is of equal rights. So, sorry, you're wrong.

Edit: Further, [here's evidence](http://www.salon.com/2013/05/07/sci_fi_icon_orson_scott_card_hates_fan_fiction_the_homosexual_agenda_partner/) to support that he isn't JUST anti-same-sex marriage. And [here's evidence](http://www.hrc.org/blog/entry/hillary-clinton-joins-fight-for-marriage-equality) to show Hillary supports equality. There's a HUGE difference between calling gays "unruly" and treating them as second-class citizens (what OSC did) and another to play the politics game and keep your views quiet (Hillary/Obama). The important thing is that Obama/Hillary have pushed to make equality happen, whereas OSC has joined institutions to stop equality.  




 I just won't give it time or effort, despite everyone loving it, due to the fact that the author is anti-gay and I'm a gay person. Orson Scott Card is well-known for his anti-gay thoughts, and I am not going to buy/borrow his book because that only gives him more money and/or gives him more publicity by being seen with the book. Sure, it's a popular book and my "not being seen with it" or "not reading it" won't really affect him, but I also don't want to be in the head of someone who sees me as a lesser being for my sexuality. It's unfortunate that people disregard this fact simply because "it's such a great book." It's the same thing with Chik-Fil-A: "but it's such great chicken!"  




 I'm circumcised and I'm fine with it. I will consider whether to circumcise my child should I ever have one, but I'll make that decision with my husband when that issue arises. It'll be our choice because we are the child's guardian and we'll make the best informed decision based on information gathered during that time. That is our right as parents. 




 A couple of things for me personally: cheating; overeating; gambling addiction; mental illness; and same-sex relationships.

1) Cheating. This is a different perspective, and I know a lot of people will downvote me for it or say I'm a horrible person, but I'm talking from the side of the cheater. I cheated on my ex-boyfriend. I was wrong for it. I promised myself I'd never do it again with any other person in the future. I also never did such a thing before. I was in an abusive relationship, mentally and emotionally, and my ex had secluded himself away as a means of punishment. I had moved 1500 miles away from family and friends to be with him. He refused letting me make any friends, and he always checked on me often to make sure I wasn't doing anything with anybody. Then, he told me to move out because it made his life difficult. In order for our relationship to "make it," I had to move into my own place while I worked a temp job that I wasn't sure was going to last long. I did what I had to and moved out into my own place for the first time in my life. I was alone; had no one to turn to as he had me believe my family was an enemy; and I did the only thing I could. I found someone online, talked to them for a long time, and finally decided to meet up. It ended up becoming something sexual. We had sex more than once on multiple occasions. It got to the point where we had feelings for each other and I shut it down. Then, I told my ex. We stayed together another year after that, but I knew it wasn't going to work out and ultimately ended it. But it still messes with me, the way he has me programmed to think I'm unworthy of life without him. Nobody to blame but myself.

2) Overeating often is an eating disorder. It isn't just someone who cannot control themselves. It becomes an addiction, a mental condition and it causes you to make horrible mistakes to the point where your mental and physical self becomes garbage. Can people change? Sure. But that doesn't mean it's easy and it doesn't mean everyone can do it the same way as everyone else. I'm tired of these anti-fat people thinking bullying is going to solve the problem. It doesn't. Has it helped some? Sure. But I was bullied all my life and I only got fatter.

3) Gambling addiction. It's a different kind of addiction. People look at me strange when I say I have a gambling addiction. They tell me their stories of how they just don't take enough money with them for it to matter or that they know when to stop and leave or if they're up they leave. That's great. I tried it all. I still continue to go until I'm literally broke and spent the rent/bill money, the student loan money, the taxes, other people's money. I have a problem. Thankfully, I'm seeing someone for it and I've been 1 month sober, but it isn't just a simple fix. There's some deep emotional shit in your head that keeps you going back for more to feel like you're worth something. At least, that's how it is for me.

4) I suffer from depression due to low self-esteem as well as a list of other things as you can tell from my response. It's hard when you're trying to get your life together but you have zero energy or you're not sleeping well or you become anxious when talking to strangers in order to get a job/keep a job. It's particularly more difficult when you're trying to find the right dose of drugs to help keep you on an even keel so you can be a regular person without crying every two seconds. I'm now off any drugs and I seem to be doing really well. Been off them for 4 months now. Let's hope I continue doing well. I asked to be on drugs, not prescribed them by a psychiatrist. 

5) I'm gay and I've been in many same-sex relationships. Many people in my life seem to make it out that same-sex relationships aren't real relationships or that same-sex relationships aren't the same as heterosexual relationships. My mother often argued that my ex and I could never understand what it's like to be in a deep, emotional relationship because we're the same gender. My ex-friend told me that my ex and I could never understand what it's like to be married because we didn't have the right to be married and therefore could never understand the deep emotional ties you create when you say 'I do.' Meanwhile, she's now getting a divorce from said husband that she said she was so close to a year and a half ago. 




 I was in an abusive relationship, both emotionally and mentally.

He made it where I couldn't have friends, had me turn against my family, and he constantly made me feel bad about myself. I left him finally after 2 and a half years, and it took my best friend to come get me before I was able to get away. But I kept calling him. I kept wanting to be close to him because I felt lost without him.

I developed a gambling addiction, kept losing job after job, couldn't move out of my parents' place. I lost my old friends, separated myself from my family even more. And I still call him, text him, email him hoping he'll answer because he's the "only one who gets me." I have to keep reminding myself he programmed me that way.

My life sucks. But I can change it. And I am changing it. I'm a month sober from gambling. The job thing... I'm finally with a job under a boss who believes in me and tells me because I was honest with him and said "I don't feel good enough".

I'm a gay man by the way. I feel I should say that so you have an idea of my personal perspective. You can leave him. Should leave him. I'm here if you ever need to talk. 




 I'm sorry for the late response. I have an idea for this story, but I've stopped and started it multiple times. I can't seem to get the words out properly to tell it. 

Imagine, if you will, a doctor named Rachel Rosen sitting in front of a panel of board members who represent her employer, NewU Cloning. She's presenting her case in hopes of showing her competence during a situation where a candidate was cloned that ultimately resulted in an unfortunate incident. Rachel wants to show they succeeded during the cloning process, and that despite the incident there weren't any unforeseen complications. In fact, it was a complete success based on the candidate's situation. The candidate, a Jillian Murphy, suffers from multiple personality disorder. While working with various leaders in the mental health field, Dr. Rosen was able to create personifications for each split personality. One of them, of course, turns out to be a murderous, rampaging psychopath who eventually realized why they're in pain. Come to find out, all these split personalities are spirits whose lives ended abruptly and have haunted and possessed Jillian until now since they have their own bodies. All of these spirits with their new bodies decide to leave in order to live the lives that were taken from them so brutally. Dr. Rosen thinks the experiment was a complete success, despite the clones all disappearing and the research destroyed. Dr. Rosen is fired and she returns home where the homicidal clone is waiting and she wants the doctor's help for vengeance against her original death. 




 If he's not going to agree to said action, then yes. I think inaction would be best. Obviously, the way you're approaching it (head-on) hasn't done much for you and only seems to keep spurring the other person on. Whereas, if you said nothing, he'd go away. The way I see it, you're not making a good case for yourself about "not" trolling. 




 Karen   David VanHorne
May 6, 2015

To the owners and operators of Burton's Big Amusements:

We want to thank you from the depths of our hearts for giving our Julie the greatest day of her life on March 24, 2015. We don't often bring Julie out to such events due to her eccentric nature, but we appreciate your professionalism and enthusiasm during her once-in-a-lifetime visit.

She hasn't stopped talking about the rides, especially the carousel. She's never seen a horse up-close during her youthful seven years, so it was a fantasy come true when she was able to ride the beautiful, white stallion. We fear it may be the closest thing to an animal she'll ever be able to touch. Also, we've been in contact with the company who built the carousel and we've already discussed payment on the replacement of the wooden horse. 

Of course, we want to apologize for the incident on the Ferris Wheel. She isn't used to being up so high in the air. Your attendant handled himself wonderfully and remained quite professional during the debacle. We've sent flowers to his hospital room, and we will be paying all his medical bills on his behalf.

Lastly, we wanted to talk about your clown, Mr. Puddles. It seems he really upset our Julie. We understand that clowns are meant to be funny and goofy, but she doesn't like people jumping around her or making loud noises. Further, the horn and balloon animals, especially when they popped, really shook Julie to her core. She still cries about it today. Of course, it doesn't excuse her actions, so we would like to apologize for the untimely death of Mr. Puddles the Clown. A check has been sent to his attorney to help pay for any funeral expenses his next-of-kin had to endure.

Despite everything, our Julie was impressed by your carnival and she would like to request a return within the nearest future. When would be the best time for us to rent the grounds for the day?

Sincerely,
Karen   David VanHorne
* * *
From the Desk of: Allen Burton, Owner   Operator of Burton's Big Amusement Park
May 10, 2015

Mr.   Mrs. VanHorne:

We are sending this letter, along with a protective order, against you and your daughter. Please cease and desist in sending any further correspondence to the property, my office, or any of my employees. We will be seeing you in court for repayment for damages your monster of a daughter wreaked on March 24th of this year. Damn you all to Hell!
 




 "I can't be for certain until I run further tests," said the man in the Tulsa Coroner's Office jacket, "but I believe he died the moment he was struck by lightning."

"Wrap him up and take him out of here," said the police officer. He went to his nearest deputy. "Clear these people out."

People surrounded the scene, looking in awe at the dead man's body lying lifeless with his eyes open. A streak of his dark brown hair turned a pale shade of grey. Standing off to the side, his wife cried out in agony as she felt guilty for sending him out to return their Redbox DVDs.

"I just didn't want to get my hair wet," she told another deputy in between sobs. "What are my kids gonna say?"

The crowd dispersed within minutes after the body was bagged, tagged, and rolled out. The police left the "DO NOT CROSS" tape up around the Redbox sitting outside the Dollar General. The employees at the low-cost general store were just happy they were allowed to close early due to the incident.

Early in the spring evening, the parking lot of the establishment became barren, quiet, lonely. Deep inside the Redbox machine, inside the chips and wires that make it run, the dead man's spirit watched everyone leave. 

Then, he noticed a gentleman pulling up in a truck, a set of tools in hand as he crossed the tape. He moved towards the machine and the dead man felt a sudden dread go through his being. 

The man with the tool box spoke to someone on the phone. "They said it was an emergency. I guess some dumbass came out during the storm to return some DVDs, and now he's dead. Lightning strike." Setting the tool box in front of the machine, the man continued to talk as he opened up console to look at the insides.

The man's spirit felt himself being open. How? He didn't know. But it felt like someone opening his skin and reaching deep inside. If he could feel that, he wondered what else he could feel. He watched the technician pull out tools and the dead man wished he had died instead. 




