 It could have stayed there.  She escalated the situation. 




 Thanks. 




 You're the best! 




 Wow, you look SO much better.  7.5/10.  You're thin now, so you can tuck in your shirt and look good.  Thin people privilege.   




 Facially; you are marginally attractive but you'd do well to update your facial hair and haircut.

Body wise; get in shape.

You're like a 6 but you could work that up to maybe an 8. 




 What % of the world population is willing to give up driving their petrol cars? 




 A bit off topic, but when I was in the Navy, just getting out of boot camp - SO MANY people got tattoos of inspirational words in other languages (Asian languages).  Later on, when I was in Asia, I learned from snickering locals that many of my shipmates' tattoos did not actually say what they thought they said. 




 Adjustable dumbbell set, a bench, and a pull up bar. 




 I use mine for a seat when meditating as well.  And to prop up my window.  And a pillow.  It basically does everything. 




 Nice ass.  9/10 




 Is this....it's mating call? 




 Seriously.  Like, they know they're not going to get any positive attention out at a bar so they have to bully people into acknowledging them by being boisterous and larger than life. 




 Brilliant. 




 ha, thanks.  Yes, I forget about this sub sometimes.  Good call. 




 Seriously.  It's like they're wearing their character, or the lack there of, on their sleeve; not *really* knowing what things like integrity and discipline are, just insisting that at their core, under their fat exterior, those traits exist. 




 You've made the right call. 




 Thanks!
 




 I'm a fan of BSN Syntha - 6.  It's whey better than others I've tried. 




 This happened last night.  I'm at a bar for a happy hour after work with some coworkers.  It's getting later, most people I work with have funneled out, leaving just some good friends.  There is an attractive girl standing at the bar, looking bored, so  I walked up to her and struck up a conversation.  This is where the story starts.

I did not notice that she had a friend with her.  Her friend (let's call her Fatty for short) had a pretty face but was probably 70-85 lbs overweight. Fatty kept on interjecting into the conversation I was trying to continue with attractive girl (Fit Girl for short).  It was *really* annoying.  She'd respond to questions I'd pose to Fit Girl. She'd interrupt Fit Girls responses and even answer questions that Fit Girl asked me. Fit Girl was annoyed, you could tell, but you could also tell that she was probably used to this kind of treatment from her friend. 

As I grew increasingly annoyed with the situation, my frustration became visible through my tone and body language.  Fatty challenged me with, "Oh, so you don't want to talk to me?"  

"No," I said, "I was really trying to talk to [Fit Girl]."

Fatty asked "Why?"  Fatty asked if it was because I didn't like "nice girls with good personalities."

I said I didn't like her personality.  She retorted with, "You don't even know me!"

This is where I became a blunt shitlord.  

I explained to Fatty that I did know her and I knew that her personality did not meet my standards.  I knew she lacked discipline, self control, and fore site. I knew we couldn't participate in certain activities that I enjoyed. And then she asked, "why? because I'm a big girl."

"A big girl."

I said, "Yes, it's because you're FAT."  Fatty was SHOCKED.  Like it's some secret that everyone knows but can't talk about and I broke that golden rule to speak that unspoken truth and the sound of it just blew her mind. 

I left.  I didn't get to finish talking to Fit Girl. Fatty was butthurt. 

TL:DR - I explained to an obnoxious fat girl at a bar why I could tell from her being fat that our personalities would not align.  

 




 Can we consolidate?   




 Nice beer choice. 




 Love it. 




 You are BEAUTIFUL.  9/10. 




 When you're about to make that decision, reach under your shirt, grab your fat, and tell it that it does not make the decisions. 




 Can you please teach them to harmonize and post a video? 




 FINALLY!!! 




 They know.  They know when it's quiet time.  Furry little rebels.   




 Please stop doing duckface.  6/10. 




 I love it when they chirp. 




 Might I suggest peanut butter.   




 This seems like a problem that kitten mittens won't fix. 




 Wow. 




 And eventually, you'll feel like shit if you don't exercise and feel amazing during.   









