
























 You're right  People who eat meat are worse than Satan.  What right to they have to eat something besides rice and beans and the McDonalds dollar menu?  Scum. 




 Why are they all lying and out to get you???

I want to help so came up with a resource that will help you in the future.  Bon apetit!  http://www.theinspiredbudget.com/index.php/the-cost-of-beans-and-rice-for-one/ 




 Yeah, you're right.  Everybody is lying to you about food prices.  I mean, there's no way you could possibly check it for yourself, right?   I mean, there's a dollar value menu, right? *cough dunce* 

Let them eat rice and beans!  (Price of rice and beans may vary depending on the strength of the dollar.) 




 http://www.cnbc.com/id/101588110

http://www.wsj.com/articles/as-food-prices-rise-fed-keeps-a-wary-eye-1404672384

http://thefederalist.com/2014/07/08/food-prices-are-soaring-and-washington-doesnt-care/

It's called inflation and it's what happens when your money becomes worth much less.  




 Then why are food prices skyrocketing?  




 Well, it helps that she's too stupid to have a filter. I'll bet the DNC is PISSED for giving away the game!  


































 Maybe Jesus will come back before anyone asks us to pay our $18 trillion debt!  




 Kind of like the $18 trillion  debt we're leaving for our grandchildren to pay for.  




 Onto the thin ice! 

http://m.imdb.com/title/tt1345836/ 









 How do they run minorities out of town?  




 Marshawn Lynch would shit a rainbow!  




 "Aww, darling, death is just an eternal dirt nap! 









 http://i.imgur.com/LV0X7iT.jpg 




 The Constitution applies to citizens of the U. S. 

Don't bother showing that you're a citizen.  




 I've gotta tell ya, I think LOTS of people are interested in whether or not Bill Clinton is fucking underage girls on Orgy Island. If you don't think so you're lying to yourself.  









 How come no other Democrats are being asked to comment about Bill Clinton allegedly fucking underage prostitutes and taking private jet plane rides out to their pimp's private orgy island?  




 How come no other Democrats being asked to comment about Bill Clinton allegedly fucking underage prostitutes and taking private jet plane rides out to their pimp's private orgy island?  




 How come no other Democrats are having to comment about Bill Clinton allegedly fucking underage prostitutes and taking private jet plane rides out to their pimp's private orgy island?  




 How come no other Democrats are commenting about Bill Clinton allegedly fucking underage prostitutes and taking private jet plane rides out to their pimp's private orgy island?  




 That's why I have to get blood drawn when the script runs out. This pill is taken once bi-weekly and then once weekly on the second script.  




 Yes, well that's beside the point. He was caught on tape saying vile shit. Personally, I like him as  an actor and don't assume Hollywood people are nice just because of the characters they play. 

People only know Chris Brown beat Rihanna because they saw the pics.  




 For me, and like 50% or something crazy, of the adult male population, I had a vitamin D deficiency. I spent lots of time outside too. Tell your doctor that you want to get blood tests done for vitamin d. It's easy. Our go straight to an endo. 

By my next appointment I was in normal levels. I have to get blood drawn after my script runs out because it can become toxic. Always been fine for me though.  




 Newsflash: Anything that contradicts you and your subreddit's cult-like opinions on the subject of global warming are going to be rejected. 

That is called breathing your own fumes, or, as I like to call it greenhousing yourself. 

The mods on this subreddit couldn't paint themselves in a more cartoonish way if they were trying to parody themselves.  




 Racism, sexism, etc.  




 I toured that prison back in 2002. Was it the San Pedro prison in downtown Rio? Read the book "Marching Powder" for more info.  




 My endocrinologist prescribed me 50,000 ius of Vitamin D to take weekly and now my levels are in the normal range.  




 HA! That's great! Apparently the ONLY articles that are acceptable about global warming on this about are the ones that fall into lockstep with your Nazi-like beliefs on the subject and all other views are to be shouted down. Tell me, are Republicans not going to investigate the what they believe are the fudging of the numbers from NASA? If not show me where that is proven false. Whether or not NASA has done so or not is beside the point. The Republicans ARE in fact going to investigate those claims. And this sure as Hell relates to global warming. 

So fuck off and ban me if you can't rationally deal with opposing points of view.  




 I guess you're new here. Here's how Reddit works. Sometimes people post articles written by other people. It's fairly simple really. Glad I could help.  




 Oh, so we have to have PhD's do post articles here now? Surely replies require a PhD also. Where is yours?  




 $18 Trillion in debt. Wasn't it around $10 trillion when he came into office?  And the Fed just keeps printing money to funnel into Wall Street. 

3 cheers for big money govt cronyism!  




 $18 Trillion in debt. Wasn't it around $10 trillion when he came into office?  And the Fed just keeps printing money to funnel into Wall Street. 

3 cheers for big money govt cronyism!  




 Wow! She fucked around on him to death! That's something!  




 AH, the not-so-rare horse shitter!  




 Y'all gonna look at my pussy or order a beer?

Beer me.  




 CATS. IN. SPAAAAAACE! 

https://media.giphy.com/media/w3J7mstYCISqs/giphy.gif 




 Sitting on his balls all day must have turned them to steel.  














 You're talking about fisting, right?  




 So uh... the lady stepped into the road.  




 Specist.  




 So I interviewed for a sales job I really want and they wanted me to go meet with four of their sales people. I thought the interview went great. After meeting with them they all had high praise for the company making me want to work there all the more. The sales people I talked to said that I needed to keep following up and that the mgrs I interviewed with would assume that anyone that didn't follow up didn't really want the job. I mailed two hand-written thank you notes two days after the interview and sent email follow-ups after each two sales people I met with. The problem is that I have since left several voicemails with no return and when I did get ahold of one of them he said he was on his way to a meeting and would call me back. (He didn't). 

Am I wrong or is this a total dick move on their part? I don't have a month to waste professing my love and chasing this company.  









 Can you tell me which bars you are talking about?

http://lmgtfy.com/?q=Quest+bars+fiber 









 You do if you're at the sink.  




 Only 6 grams of fiber though.  




 I'm on a low carb diet.  




 Let's not being your ex into this.  




 I liked it better when the movie was called "The Secretary".  




 Billionaires.  




 Ah, an empanada! Why didn't you say so?  




 That's not a dick. It's a mothefuckring drawbridge.  




 How dare you judge FloridaMan!  




 We all do.  




 Admit it. You know you'd think this was HI-larious if someone with an R by their name had said the same thing.  









 So... back to "blame Bush"? 




 By the historic landslides in 2010 and 2014? 




 Remember when Sarah Palin "saying"  that she could see Russia from her house was a huge item on Reddit?  




 (Liberal) Politician says something dumb. "Unfit for r/politics/"  



















 Mmm. Where do scientists get their funding? Are they more likely to get funding for their research if they pursue one theory over another? As a scientific researcher I can tell you that yes, this is very much a large part of the dirty truth.  




 Relevant meat shank username.  




 Vengeance! Death By Chocolate!  














 Ill have those niggers voting Democratic for the next 200years.Lyndon B. Johnson to two governors on Air Force One -


TheseNegroes, theyre getting pretty uppity these days and thats a problem for us since theyve got something now they never had before, the political pull to back up their uppityness. Now weve got to do something about this, weve got to give them a little something, just enough to quiet them down, not enough to make a difference.LBJ 




 Proclaiming your self-righteous down vote? DEAL BREAKER!  
























 Race fatigue.  




 Lookit yo game girl... 

The sad, sad game
Mad game
Just to say loves' not enough
If it can't be true
Oh, you can tell those lies baby but you're only fooling you 














 http://www.climatedepot.com/2013/01/10/meteorologist-anthony-watts-on-adjusted-us-temperature-data-in-the-business-and-trading-world-people-go-to-jail-for-such-manipulations-of-data/ 














 If there isn't a robot heaven then where would all the Calculons go? 

FTFY  




 Shamalanian Twist: You're a dude.  




 Yeah, but dat retard strength.  




  Beetlejuice Beetlejuice Beetlejuice!  




 A month ago you made a life changing decision.  




 Nigga, I ain't readin' all that! 

https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-13RVBJAgMZ8/VLQeeBJF4QI/AAAAAAAAAsU/pwLWiRV38eo/w450-h214-no/tldr.gif 




 Holy shit, he's awesome!  




 Fascinating!  




 I'm just fuckin' with ya, Ted! 




 Then I retract my statement based on this new knowledge.  




 Nice sound fx!  




 ... Quite productive?  




 It appears to be two separate lies from Williams. 

"the NBC anchor was nowhere near that aircraft or two other Chinooks flying in the formation that took fire." The report cited interviews with "crew members on the 159th Aviation Regiment's Chinook that was hit by two rockets and small arms fire." It said "Williams arrived in the area about an hour later on another helicopter after the other three had made an emergency landing."

http://www.stripes.com/news/us/brian-williams-apology-leaves-out-key-details-of-iraq-incident-1.327935 




 Brian Williams is just lucky he didn't end up in a million little pieces!  




 Pres candidate Jeb Bush and VP Mitt Romney. Coming to a voting both near you.  




 That's awesome! I thought they were just giving you shit.  




 Great username.  




 You can't get away with lies in the age of the Internet.  




 He'll have to address it but will do so in a way as to make it go away as soon as possible. 




 He was following the said shot at aircraft an hour later...  




 So, basically, we want more uninformed, less motivated people to vote. 

Instead, let's test them on their constitutional knowledge.  




 Sure. Sure. They just want to take over the entire middle east. If we let them have that then I'm sure they'll be more than satisfied and not plan any attacks in Europe or the US.  It's not like a 9/11 event could ever happen again. 

Peace in our time!  




 Yeah, organizations like ISIS are a thing of the past. Back to scratching your stupid cats!  




 You're truly an insulated, self-righteous kid with very little understanding or appreciation of how much others have sacrificed so you can scratch your cats.  




 You're lucky that there are no bad people out there that would put a damper on your cat scratching duties.  




 You should volunteer to go catch bullets.  




