 I agree. Sometimes I feel like minority characters are thrown in just to say they were included, but lack any character development. Like T-dawg from The Walking Dead.  




 Wearing comfortable, casual clothes to the office. If I could wear a hoodie and my favorite lazy pants to work I'd be so happy and on time. 




 That God was going to kill my family members because of the inappropriate or mean thoughts I had. I spent alot of time trying to edit my thoughts. 




 Andouille sausage 




 What if I'm not fat but I want pancakes on Wednesdays? 




 My comment doesn't mention the jury's decision or anything related at all, so what are you talking about?  




 It's hard to be black on reddit most days honestly 




 Same here, makes notes in class much quicker. People always look at me strange for using it.  




 There is no "goal" to evolution, it is a phenomena. Being poor, ignorant, and unattractive are all temporary/changeable states and not really disabling. It is about populations as a whole, not really down to the individual level.
 




 You're a natural at freedom! 




 He touched you didn't he? 




 All of us aren't on welfare or utilizing subsidies... 




 I'm not saying movies equal real life but explain alot of hood movies like "ATL" that have pool scenes? It doesn't add up. 




 I'm a black women with hair and I swim quite often for exercise, my hair is fine. It's only hell if you don't wash the chlorinated water out afterwards. 




 She coulda paid tuition five times still strippin.  




 MY AXE? 




 I put up my profile on a popular online dating websites. I received a "flirt" from a guy I think is attractive and seems quite nice (I'm a female). What should I say in my first few messages to help us get to know each other? Are there specific things I should avoid? I'm totally new to the online dating world and don't want to mess up a good opportunity.
 




 I put up my profile on a popular online dating websites. I received a "flirt" from a guy is think is attractive and seems quite nice (I'm a female). What should I say in my first few messages to help us get to know each other? Are there specific things I should avoid? I'm totally new to the online dating world and don't want to mess up a good opportunity.  




 m'kay 




 Dad get off reddit and go to work! We don't have lights for Christ's sake. 




 Her mom got impregnated near San Francisco  




 Girl here... I fine short muscular guys very attractive. Tall muscular dudes are kind of intimidating to me.  




 How low can ya go?  




 AGCILF? 




 Ask him about his pocket sand 




 THONNGGG! 




 That you J-Swift? 




 Art thou feeling it now Mr. Krabs?  




 Bio major here, it's not required unless you're within a life science major 




 What city in Ohio? I'm hoping to move to Columbus in the next year or so! 




 Ames, Iowa. Gooo Midwest! 




 Nice to hear:) 




 Thanks for the great input, much appreciated:) It's nice to hear that you had an experience as an individual instead of designated racial representative. 




 It would be Johannesburg in South Africa. And yes I was leaning towards Amsterdam actually. It seems to be beautiful and quite diverse from an outsider's perspective. And yay for the hair products, I was assuming I'd have to stock up beforehand. 




 What does YMMV stand for? And i wasn't calling our experience in online dating as "oppression", more like being overlooked, from my friend's perspective. Oppression would be being banned from the site or reduced rights in comparison to others.  




 My female friend and I decided to venture into the online dating world together, using OkCupied and POF. I'm of Dominican descent and she is a biracial American, I feel we are both cute:) We have had some hits and misses with the whole online dating scene but nothing terrible so far. My friend muses that we've had less success than some of our fairer skinned friends because people see dark brown skin and automatically dismiss us as possible companions. Raptors, do you feel like this happens alot in our dating scene? As an oppressed group you would think we'd be a little more sensitive to other groups' plight but maybe not. 




 I'm in the process of choosing where I would like to study abroad as a part of my graduate school curriculum but I'm a bit stuck on where I should choose to go. I have the option of Ecuador, Peru, Spain, Amsterdam, South Africa, or London. It would be for two months. I'm also nervous about being a black woman overseas, I generally know what to expect as a black woman in the U.S. but I'm not sure how things might be different in other countries. What have your experiences been like? Would you go again or recommend it to other black women? 




 Where/when was he dissing black women? 




 Black woman here: there's lots of styles available besides the afro and not all black people's hair is super kinky textured. 

Source: Curly and wavy haired black woman:) 




 That title is da real mvp 




 You weren't the only one. I kept waiting for the timer to change  




 My professor will put up partial slides and you have to come to class to fill in the rest of the material.  




 I'm not sure how it works for OPs school but at mine you had to answer from your registered phone or laptop. It could still work if you gave your friend your phone 




 I'm just starting out as a runner and wondering what places or routes in Ames are good for running (and probably some walking since I'm new)? Preferably outside of the gym, I'd like fresh air and scenery. Thanks! 




 Everyone knows tampons are Satan's little cotton fingers up inside you. 




 My PA gave me a handy little list of things to help: Pinch nostrils below the bridge of your nose, if that doesn't work apply something cold to same area. Another option is to use a product like Afrin that causes vasoconstriction and slows blood flow. Also helps to keep the area moisturized.  




 Yup I got my right nostril cauterized last year after enduring years of half hour long nosebleeds. After missing an exam because of a particularly bad one, I went to the doctor's. The pain was minimal and so far I haven't had any reoccurrences.  




 Gay marriage has been legal for awhile now in Iowa bro. 




 Thanks for doing the math on that, it's interesting. With that being said, when I was 21 there was no way I'd date someone who could still be in high school. I feel like there's a lot of difference in life experience still. Just my opinion though, I know some would. 




 Even you're too young. Robert E Lee made this song to ride into the war. 




 Stephen from Django Unchained. Yes, I understand the need to survive in a hostile environment, but that level of Uncle-Toming and snitching is unacceptable. I cheered when he got shot! 




 #5 is a legit problem for me. I've worn the same guy's shirt from Express at the same time as my male lab partner on more than one occasion. 




 Cotton-headed ninny muggin 




 That was gnarly! Made my face hurt a little. Very cool! 




 I'm a proud owner of a vagina and I'm pretty sure my vagina doesn't extend that far up 




 Crab people 




 Poor lil Tink Tink 




 Goes to Iowa State University, can confirm. It's either Carhart and cowboy boots, or Uggs. 




 There are probably hundreds of us, hundreds!! 




 Waterloo/Cedar Falls is ok for raising a family. Went to high school there myself. 




 Yes, got to love the bars and football 




 I go there at least once a week or else I actually crave it. So good! 




 Your name makes me want Chipotle.  




 How does it feel differently (more of a match) if it's the same nerves that were part of the clitoris before? Just trying to understand more clearly. 




 True. In place like S.A. you have to live there for 20 years before you can apply for citizenship (but who wants to live there anyway). And it's sort of ironic that it's more difficult to immigrate to Mexico than to the U.S. 




 Looking for love in all the wrong places and/or with the wrong people 




 I learned this all too well in college. Couldn't believe some of the ignorance that came out of m Phd-holding professor's mouths. 




 Please read another verse Father Thiosk! 




 Eat the sandwich Dave 




 Why all the focus on mothers? Is it some cultural thing, I mean I know insulting someone's mom is a good way to get anyone going. 




 You must be talking about the baby boomers? I'm 23 and know I'm not ever gonna see any of that shit. 




 I'm sure everyone has seen the rankings of PA schools, but how much does it really matter where you attend school? This is an honest question because I'm really not sure which program to pick. I was aiming for a school close to home so I will receive in state tuition, but people have been telling me to aim for more "highly regarded" programs. Will the school and program I choose really affect my career path as a PA? 




 * How do roommates avoid conflict and ensure a happy living space for all?

* What did and didn't work well for you in the past?

* Should roommates share food and dishes? 

* Splitting the utilities when someone is always leaving the lights on?
* Personal space, guests, and quiet hours?



Please share your tips and relevant stories that might aid people sharing apartments, town/houses, etc.  




 Is it looks, personality, career choice? What makes you unique or the odd man out? 




 First of all, sorry if anything in my title was the wrong terminology. Ok to the issue. I'm at a point in my life where I'm not sure if I'm a lesbian or if I'm ftm. Yes, I know that one is a sexual orientation and the other is gender identity, but to me the lines sort of intersect.

I've lurked here for awhile and noticed I do some of the same day to day things as others on this sub. I wear men's cologne sometimes, definitely a fan of Calvin Klein boxerbriefs, and try to downplay my femininity to a certain extent. I would love to cut my hair into a tapered cut, it's long now, but I'm afraid of parental and sorority sister backlash. 

My identity time line went from bisexual in middle school, lesbian, to now wondering if I'm trans. When I was a kid, I actually cried over the fact that I didn't have a penis and was devastated when I got a period and grew breasts. You couldn't tell me that the world wasn't over, I was so uncomfortable. I tried to pee standing up and God help the person at McDonalds who gave me a girls' toy. I was happiest with hotwheels and nerf guns. 

I'm 23 now and my style is a blend of men's and women's styles. I'm ok with my breasts and body but sometimes envy the athletic male body type and fantasize about having it myself. I date femme women. Has anyone else gone through the struggle of trying to figure out if they're a "mannish" lesbian or really ftm? Sorry for the novel and any poor choice of words.  




 I'm currently renting a room within a person's home on a month to month basis for $500 in Iowa. I paid a deposit but we never signed a specific rental agreement laying out terms. I've been here for a week and don't think this situation will work out because her kids are more unruly than I anticipated and conditions aren't as advertised (wiring and water pressure are shot). I have lined up a new living situation but havent signed a lease yet. What are my rights as far as getting my deposit back? Should I consider my first month's rent lost? I have messages saying the deposit is refundable from the landlord. Thanks for any advice. I'm new to living on my own, this is my first year out of university housing. 




 I've been in the area for several years but this will be my first time having to drive to work and school in the winter this year. Up until now I biked and used the Cyride. I realize it's August lol but I'm considering buying a car with AWD so I'm wondering if the winter months are bad enough to justify the purchase or if I could get by with my Camry. My commute is about 15 mins. Do they clean the streets fairly well? 




 I'm considering Cincinnati as a potential place to move after I finish PA school. I'm originally from the Midwest and Cincinnati seems big enough without being intimidating like other places. My questions are: Do you think Cincinnati is gay friendly? Do you think there are things to do for someone in their mid-twenties? How is cost of living?  




 I don't know how many of you saw the video about the older black woman cooking a "raisin turnover" yesterday but some of the comments caused me to ask myself "why do I keep using this website?!" I know there's good and bad to everything, and sometimes I really do enjoy Reddit, but sometimes the "justified racism" and ignorance causes me a lot of frustration. What keeps you coming back to Reddit? P.S. this is one of my favorite subs, it keeps me coming back!

Edit: title should by continuously 




 I'm in a bind and I need $1,300 to quickly pay for a debt I have at my university. If I don't pay by the 20th of August, my enrollment at school for the fall will be cancelled. I've been considering Discover personal loans to pay off the debt and then pay it off within the next six months. Does anyone has an opinion on Discover's loans? Or maybe my best bet would be going through a local credit union? I appreciate your feedback! 




 Lets hear some stories or good tips!

Edit: Can someone also answer if it's in bad taste to follow up with a company about your shortcomings as an applicant? Thanks guys, I'm grateful for all the helpful answers! 




 I've been searching for one bedrooms in the Ames area for quite awhile and finally decided to share a house. It's a pretty large house. I get my own bedroom and bath (for the most part) and shared common areas for $500, including utilities. I'm just curious what other people are paying in the Ames area. Too me it's kinda pricey compared to my hometown. If you're aware of any decent rentals available, feel free to share:) 




 Like I mentioned in the title, I recently lost my job. I've been searching for something within my field and the jobs I've found pay a lot less or would require me to move and commute to school. At this point I think my best bet would be to break the lease and find somewhere more affordable to live. I haven't moved in yet (it starts in mid July)  and the lease was an agreement with a homeowner, not an actual business.  What advice could you give to make this situation end as amicably as possible? What should I know? I'm in Iowa.  




 First time car owner here!

My main concern is the undercarriage of my 2006 Camry, is the underside supposed to be this exposed? The muffler and undercarriage just seem to jut out and I'm unsure if this is normal:

[Link to pic I took](http://i.imgur.com/TkGMZGu.jpg)

And my second question is, what would you estimate a repair for minor leaking at the pan gasket and steering rack boots? 

Thanks!


 




 Is there any chance there's an Ames reddit meetup happening? Or is anyone thinking of attending the Des Moines meetup at Waveland? I think it would be fun! 




 This week I attended a social justice conference and decided to sit in on conversation about transgender issues. One of the questions raised was, what makes someone a "real" woman? My immediate thought was anyone born with two x chromosomes, but is it really that simple? We're surely more than our parts. Others thought a certain style, personality or aesthetic made someone a female. Such as kindness, maternal-instinct, or being graceful or girly in dress. I felt like this description left out say, butch or more masculine females, who certainly do identify as women. I struggled with this question way more than I anticipated! So I am wondering how do you personally define womanhood?  




 I just purchased a 2006 Toyota Camry and would like to tighten the steering response, is there a way to do this? I previously drove my mom's Mazda and miss the tight response of the wheel. It takes a little more maneuvering with this camry. Thanks for any advice! I don't know a ton about cars, so if this the wrong terminology, sorry!  




 I thought asking fellow biology lovers would be helpful with my genetics homework. My teacher has given me fitness values and frequency of hbA and hbS in a population. 

So far I've found allele frequency for hbA and hbS in this population: p=0.135 and q=0.865.


For the second question I'm supposed to calculate allele frequency for the next generation. I've been over my notes 20 times but keep getting the wrong answer. I would like some help?

EDIT Someone wanted to see the whole problem:

6. In an area on the East coast of Africa with minimal medical facilities the fitness 
of HbA/HbA = 0.2, of HbA / HbS = 1.0, and of HbS / HbS is 0.1. The frequencies of 
these three genotypes in a newly arrived population of colonists are: 
 
HbA/HbA HbA/HbS HbS/HbS 
 0.75 0.23 0.02 
 
a. What are the frequencies of the HbA and HbS alleles in this population? 
b. What will be the frequencies of the alleles in the next generation? 
c. Considering the original population to be generation 1, what will be the genotype 
frequencies (at birth) in generation 3?


For the third we are supposed to calculate genotype frequency at birth for the third generation? 

Thanks for any help! 




 I wanted to get people's opinion between a 2007 Mercury Milan with 59k miles on it for $8995 or a 2009 Ford Fusion SE with 79k miles on it for $7300. Both of them drive decently, get good gas mileage and safety ratings. I'm not sure which brand will be more reliable in the long term, I'll be driving it at least for the next 5 years, probably more. This is my first car as a college graduate. I have a good job I'll be going to in the biotech industry this June, so my money is ok. Which car do you think would be the best purchase overall? Thank you! 









 As a minority in midwestern America, I pretty much know what to expect from day to day life: will probably be one of few in my science courses, might get looked at twice by the cops, never worry about sunburn. But I'm getting close to the end of my undergraduate years and would love to study abroad in Australia or the Netherlands, but I'm afraid of having a negative experience so far from home and have no clue how I might be perceived in a foreign country. POC (or friends of POC), how did your experiences away from the U.S. go? Would you do it again? 




 I'm applying to PA schools soon and have very small bills like car insurance ($100) and cell phone ($60) that I need to maintain, plus rent if I choose to go get an apartment. 

How does everyone pay their bills? Do you take out the entirety in loans? What if you have car loans still active while entering?

Thanks from an eager pre-PA student! 




 My basic situation is this: I'm a college senior about to graduate with a B.S. in biology, applying to physician assistant programs in a year or so. I currently have $21,000 in debt ($230 a month starting in December). I work part time making $11.50/hr as a lab assistant in the Biology department at my school. In the fall, I'll be taking one or two extra classes to complete the prerequisites for the PA program I'd like to apply for. One of the classes I need to take is quite far away and I have no car and there is no bus that will go that far out. There is a 2010 Honda Accord with 40,000 miles for $12,500 that a friend is offering to sell because he's leaving for military duty. I have only $1,000 saved and would have to take out the rest in loans. Would you advise against this? I chose the Honda because they're reliable and after a devastating car accident 2 years back, I'd like a car with good safety ratings.

My second question/problem ties into the car issue above. Next fall I could be a community adviser, which would make me eligible for free housing, which would save me about $630 a month. They will pay me $325 a month, but I'm limited to working 10 hours per week of outside employment, which is practically nothing. At most I might make another $420. Total around $745.

My second option would be to just get a regular apartment here for around $550-650 per month and most likely be working full time. I doubt I'll find a first job paying more than $12/hr.

First, I'm not sure whether to take out the car loan. It is necessary but I'm terrified of taking out a car loan with student loans looming 6 months away. If I take the CA housing position, the $325 could cover car and insurance, but not a ton of money leftover for groceries etc. Or just rent an apartment normally, and pay $660 for rent a month, probably $350 for car payment/insurance and other expenses. I'm sorry for the wall of text and I tried to make it as clear as possible. This is the situation I'm currently stuck in. What do you believe would be the most fiscally responsible thing to do? Thanks for any help or pointers. 









 I've been watching the news lately, and have heard talk of the U.S. denying aid to places like Uganda in response to the new bill that was recently signed making gay relationships punishable by law. In regards to Russia, Obama has stated his disapproval of what is happening with their "gay propaganda" law. On the hand, it is very well known that lgbt individuals in places like Iran or Saudi Arabia are mistreated but I don't see as much of a response on the U.S.'s part. A friend and I have been wondering/arguing, why the difference?
 









 For the question we are supposed to determine what is the probability of the first child having schizophrenia since it has an uncle with the condition. I'm not sure how to solve the problem without a pedigree to off of. Here is the prompt:

A couple has come to you for genetic counseling. The woman was adopted and has just learned that her biological brother has schizophrenia, although he is the only member of the family with the disorder. The couple is expecting their first child and are concerned that the child might have schizophrenia. The frequency of schizophrenia in unrelated individuals in this population is .01.

Thanks for any help! 




 I hope this is the right subreddit! I donated blood with the Red Cross awhile ago and they told me that I'm a good match for sickle cell patients. Apparently I have CEK negative blood, but I have no clue what that really means. Could someone explain what that is and why I'm a good donor for sickle cell disease patients? I'm a biology student so don't be afraid to use technical terms. 
Thanks!  




 Let me explain, if case the title isn't clear. I was just in class getting the notes I had missed during Friday's lecture. Group mate proceeds to ask where I was on Friday, and I say I was in Kansas City for MBLGTACC (aka the big gay conference, you should look it up ). I realize they have no idea what the acronym stands for and I explain it's basically a networking/partying opportunity for LGBT folks in college/higher education. Cue the interested nods of some of my group mates and cricket sounds from the Muslim female member of my group. The rest of our interactions during class were kind of tense and awkward, with her avoiding eye contact with me. We'd previously been friendly up to this point! Does anyone else get the coming out of the closet deja vu? I haven't been out very long and I'm wondering if it gets any better? 




 Glaceau has a new drink (new to me until today anyway) called "Sparkling Fruit Water. 0 Calories, 0 Sugars, less than 1g Carb. Really tasty and carbonated kinda like pop, which I was beginning to miss. It's only my first week! [Nutrition Label](http://i.imgur.com/DBEvPrr) and [Drink bottle](http://i.imgur.com/1kP3CwB) 




 I'm deciding whether I would like to apply to medical school to become a doctor or whether to attend PA school. I've researched the differences in educational requirements and basics like that. But I'd like to know the day to day and overall differences in the way doctors and PAs practice medicine. I'd appreciate the observations or experiences of those who work in the healthcare industry. What factors made you choose doctor/PA over the other? 









 Can someone explain this phenomenon biologically? It seems like with solo or partnered sex I always feel the need to urinate. If I don't finish to orgasm and use the bathroom, I actually do pee. I'm not drinking alot of liquids before sexual activity. I thought  orgasm and urination couldn't happen at the same time, or is this only in men? If someone could clear this up, that'd be great! It's sort of annoying actually.  





























 One of the most popular "Mexican" places in my hometown is Carlos *O'Kelly's*. Needless to say it's not very authentic. 




 Not the OP, but my recommendation would vary based upon whether you want over-ear, on-ear, or ear-bud type headphones. 




 Snoop Dogg and Ice T 




 Agreed, wish I had the skills to restore one of these. I look at pics of my parents' first cars and just drool. 




 How to fry chicken or how to properly diddle a vagina. Not in that order of course.  




 Because in some ways Reddit understands me more than my own family members.  




 Ayyy?  




 Rap must be changing cause I'm at the top and ain't no one on top of me 




 What's gonna happen in three years?  




 Send pics and maybe we can arrange this ;) 




 Does your wife work for her own practice? I'm just asking because a friend of mine is worried about going into debt from buying a business. She's in dental school now. 




 Depends on the outcome of their lie. If it's pre-donation and usage of the donation, they will be put on our permanent deferral registry and wouldn't be able to donate anywhere in the country. Huge red mark.

If they make it through donation, it's a different story. When I was going through my training I was told about a guy who ended up doing jail time for possibly contaminating the supply and fined several thousand dollars. Outcomes will vary. 




 HIV and prion diseases are totally different beasts.  




 I worked as a phelbotemist at a blood center for awhile, basically every potential donor has a long questionnaire that includes questions about potential sexual lifestyle hazards. If you are a male, have you ever had sexual contact with another male? Medical supervisors review questionnaires and anyone deemed a risk is permanently banned from donating. It basically relies on honesty because I've seen people who are gay donate (I don't know if they're sexually active or virgins or what).  




 Why only white lesbians? Do you have evidence of HIV rates behind high among lesbians of other racial groups? I know your statement was a hypothesized, but still.  




 Citation?  




 Including MSM, black women, etc 

Not all black women have sex with men. Source: am black lesbian and regular blood donor 




 -J. R. R. Tolkien 




 What's the reference please? 




 Same, and I get the weirdest looks like I can help my froggy throat 




 Thirded! 




 Save face by saying thank you for your service  




 Either public health/epidemiology or a physician assistant program. I'm having a hard time deciding which career I'll enjoy best in the long run.  




 Sounds like you saved your son from what would have been a difficult childhood. This doesn't happen enough, glad it worked out for you. 




 Trying to decide which master's degree I want to pursue and watching Christmas flicks 




 Pinch and roll? 




 Your commitment to multi-tasking is impressive 




 It's like the Fedex version of bootleg Gucci 




 Congrats on the addition to your family! Was the process of adoption difficult? I'm unfamiliar with what happens between fostering and adoption. 




 Serious question, what's to be ashamed about? If she looks good, she looks good. 




 Did you try to rob Madea? 




 EEEEEEEEEH YOOOOOOOWWW! 




 I totally see your point, I think the reason it's often called "feminism" is because while men do have some issues in our society, women have more "catching up" to do in terms of social equality. For example how women weren't always allowed to vote etc. 

It's often named in terms of the group that needs uplifting. Like how gay people are trying to get the same marriage and non-discrimination rights as straight people, so "gay rights".  




 Hope this doesn't come off as weird but what kind of underwear are those? They look super comfy! 




 Happy Kwanzaa? 




 Do do do do do doo, do do do do doo 




 DOOM! 




 Pork butt and taters! 




 When I was a kid my dream was to grow and be on that show. I couldn't wait to steal someone's career. 




 Fell in love with a straight girl.  




 Anogenital warts? 




 ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED??? 




 As an anxious person, I rehearse all the way up to the second date. 




 I love lamp 




 [Relevant: Dave Chapelle's "Law and Order"](http://www.cc.com/video-clips/3vk26x/chappelle-s-show-tron-carter-s--law---order----uncensored) 




 I'm not sure "mischief" and "biscuits" rhymes 




 I'd love to see Bill Mays sell a product like this. TOO SHORT TO INTERACT WITH YOUR COWORKERS? CALL NOW!! 




 Argh yer a dime piece Harry 




 Just bought a vaporizer! You are not alone my fellow raptor! 




 And guac too! 




 He's a bit too late if you got that far. 




 The silence of disappointment 




 Am I being detained? ^I ^hope^so 




 I'm surprised he's not full of his large ego 









 She's gonna get passed around more than a blunt at Snoop's house. 




 I'd honestly be a little afraid for my safety 




 Where else will I put my sharpies? 




 Phallus fiesta! 




 You can't turn a ho into a housewife son. 




 Why are the cybrid buses the worst to drive? As a passenger, I like the seating in those the best. 

Do you like to drive the mini Cyride buses?  




 acception

3. acceptation - the act of accepting with approval; favorable reception; received meaning 




 So what were the geological events and data behind the parting of the red sea? 




 My friend is from Uganda and I asked her the same question. She said as child everyone seemed rich and well-off. She said it seemed like there was a lot of racial harmony despite everything that happened. Also, the whole pull yourself up by your bootstraps opportunity for everyone. Boy was she in for a rude awakening.  Not to say she dislikes America, but everything is not as warm and fuzzy as she thought it would be. 




 So are you saying physical appearance isn't a factor at all in your attraction and lust for someone?  




 Thou, I liketh, thou 




 How has it been introducing her to your family and friends, assuming you're at that point in your relationship? 




 Smize 




 Sounds like Iowa 




 I know you probably didn't mean it this way, but for most people it's not a "life choice" 




 We better go occupy it  




 Where are we gonna go though? 




 Ella... 




 Any idea what will happen when Andromeda and the Milky Way collide? [serious question] 




 Big ass pinky 




 Aw hamburgers  




 Poor little feller' 




 Whoever captioned the pics needs to replace Billy Mays or my local weatherman. Would read hysterically again! 




 If you'd ever had a pap smear you'd know 




 I'm in a Latina-founded sorority also, can I ask what org you're in? 




 These hypotheses are really interesting. I'm the youngest of five and also left-handed. No else in my family identifies as LGBT, that I know of anyway. 




 0 to 100 




 All the corners? Must be a hooker 




 Bye, Felicia! 




 I wonder how everyday tasks like eating or kissing would be affected by this condition? 




 De-chinned by the minge 




 Yup, can't make a sandwich or give head without a chin 




 Aw that would hurt my feelings a little. Then I would be like, fuck you guys, me and my new jaw are getting all the bitches. 




 Not quite two, but older than one  




 This might revolutionize the porn cleanup industry! What will they think up next?  




 I understood this reference.  




 Don't this shit make a nigga wanna!  




 Jaasooon Derulo!!  




 Down in your mom's pantiessss!  




 But gives less burn than your Mom 




 Yes, that was my go-to lifting song a couple years ago! 




 [Top comment from another thread?](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/2h9aer/seriously_dont_ask_me_what_its_like_to_write_hit/) 




 At this age I feel like it'd be a bunch of dust poofting out 




 As a lesbian, sounds like a good way to go. 




 Can confirm your mom loves my Dad. 




 My parents got me from Ikea 




 For the past two months I've had issues with my internet connection working for an hour and then being unresponsive for an half hour or more. My amateur troubleshooting skills have found the following:

[Error message](http://imgur.com/hqSDZnD)
 
[CDM Reults 1](http://imgur.com/gbwxVgk)
 
[CDM Results 2](http://imgur.com/DMrO4Wx)

I have no idea what any of those results really mean. Any insight as to the problem or a solution would be great. Thanks from a frustrated college student. 




 I'm just gonna mail all my gross candy pieces to you ok OP? 




 We finally get some press for something besides the caucus! 
























 I've used those cheap travel sized deodorants after shaving or when I get ingrown hairs, works wonders. Of course I wouldn't use it right before hooking up, would taste gross I imagine. 




 Why not talk about your job? I feel like for most people in their mid twenties it's a common experience. 




 Aww:) 




 People talk about gay and straight people all the time, no one says gay and normal. That's not really a fair comparison either. Being gay requires not treatment or feelings of dysphoria that often come with being trans. 




 hole concept of maleness and femaleness

heh 




 I'd rock the hell out of that outfit. I would love to find something similar at broke college kid prices. 




 Interesting, I was born a female (identify as well) and went through the same thing. Hated my budding breasts as a middle schooler and broke down in tears when I got my period. I wore sports bras all the time to try and conceal them. Felt like my life was over for some reason. I remember getting into epic battles with my mother over wearing dresses to church,  but I was not having any of that shit.

I'm 23 now and am no longer uncomfortable with myself. It's really weird how this stuff (identify and so forth) works. For what it's worth I am a lesbian though. I hope you get the change you desire! 




 Can I ask how you correlate breasts with womanhood? Many women (like my sister for example) are practically flat-chested or have them removed for surgical reasons, but don't seem to feel dysphoria. What is it about your penis that bothers you? I'm just trying to understand what you're feeling. Would you rather have a vulva, clitoris, period etc? 




 They're thumb thumbs from the Spy Kids movie.  




 [My first thought](http://www.halftime.georgetownvoice.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/thumb-thumbs-spy-kids-_140248-fli_1374075531.jpg) 




 Sorry I only use credit cards
 




 Plasma is one component of your blood, among other things. They separate it from the red blood cells, those go back into your body. 




 Former Biolife employee here, there's a lot of in-house training that goes into doing phlebotomy (needle sticks). While the majority of the people in a center aren't nurses (maybe 4 tops) there's a ton of reading and training videos to go through before you even do a stick and then a month of shadowing before you're able to do sticks on your own. If you're not cut out for handling needles you'll get stuck doing reception. 




 I used to work for Biolife and can say the in-house training for phlebotomy (needle skills) is top notch. Can't speak for other center though. 




 The penis 




 Weird how genetics work like that. 




 estrogen ridden version of my mom

Wouldn't it be testosterone ridden? Assuming you're male. 




 That bomb pussy! 




 Can anyone tell me a good website to watch these kids movies? Most of them aren't on Netflix. 




 Instructions unclear, girl ripped in half 




 Smart! I want one too now.  




 Red Starburst would like a word with you 




 Pics of balls for science? (female here!) 




 AAALLLL the right junk, in all the right places. 




 No, Xanax is a benzodiazepine which has more of a sedative, muscle relaxant effect, very good for panic attacks. 

Beta blockers can mediate the physical effects of anxiety, like the fight or flight response. Such as increased heart rate, sweating etc. It has other medial uses also.  




 Same here friend. It was never really a problem until one summer I had eight different flights in a two month time span. During a physical I mentioned the terrible anxiety I get during flights and my doctor prescribed me a beta blocker, propranolol and it worked wonders. Totally calm during the whole flight and it doesn't make me tired.  




 I really want to move to Oakland after I finish with my master's. Is the crime in Oakland as people make it out to be or is it isolated to certain areas? 




 First off, I really enjoyed your post! Second, forgive me if this is a dumb question but where do you meet other black lesbians at? I swear I've exhausted all my POC options and can't find non-white girls for the life of me. Like you, I can't really see myself with a white girlfriend and I like femmes (also femme), but I feel like white chicks are my only option or remain single for the foreseeable future lol. My going to school at a PWI in a small Midwestern town might have something to do with it:/ I really want to move 




 Thanks bro!  




 Explain please? I'm interested.  




 Where did you move from, if you don't mind my asking. I'm black as well and considering moving to Portland after I'm done with school. I live in Iowa now and I need somewhere more queer friendly.  




 I found the statistic about black physicians really interesting. I'm in the process of applying to medical schools while working on my master's at a PWI in the midwest. My freshman year there were lots of other POC that were pre-med and pre-dental hopefuls. By my senior year most had changed to something else or dropped out. I wonder what HBCUs do right that PWIs are getting wrong? 




 Same here:/, wanna be my first? ;) 




 If you're the athletic sort, my city's rugby team is chock-full of lgbts. 




 Thanks, much appreciated. 




 Do you have a source/citation for the third link? 




 When you first said V8 I was picturing that vegetable drink, thinking really? 




 Girl here, I've had it and it's awesome! But yeah mostly associate with males. 




 IMO, he still deserves to be treated like a human being with feelings. Someone should let him know he's "that guy". 




 I feel bad for you bro. Time for new friends if they have a history of treating you this way. 




 Done and done 




 Would guys seriously be attracted to this approach? 




 :( 




 Goku with an attitude. 




 Can my strangler be mashed? 




 Genius 




 Naw mean.

Source: Trevor Noah 




 There, there Patrick. *pats* 




 *Dependent upon socioeconomic class, race, gender, and immigration status 




 Are you actually from Iowa? Ames here:) 




 Thanks? 




 I'm on android and the Reddit News app is ok by me. Ipad apps suck though. 




 People complain about reposts, but if people didn't repost I would miss most of the good content. 




 Will this cause you to lose the karma the comment garnered?  




 Same with the "Mom's spaghetti" joke. Ridiculously upvoted or sent to the oblivion.  




 kind of

I've tagged many of the racist Redditors I've come across. The number is startling.  




 This just happened to me today. Apparently as a black person I have no right to exist. 




 Hornets don't have internet access 




 If I'm at home I wash my hands before I flush the toilet. I'm afraid if I flush and then wash, the water will mix and I'll have shitty water on my hands. 




 What exactly is the right consistency? 




 Even in public? 




 Brother! 




 Diagram or detailed explanation please? I've always wanted to this! 




 Me too, make my poops much faster. My gf was a little weirded out though. "Why do you have a step stool in front of the toilet?" 




 Just shoot the curtain instead. That way you know whatever it is is dead. 




 Same, and use my foot to flush the toilet. Unless it's one of those dreaded automatic flushers. 




 Wow, sounds like a great routine. I barely leave enough time to shower and brush my hair before I leave in the morning. You skin must be glorious.

edit:Whoosh 




 I do this before I get in because my house is plagued by centipedes. They like the bathtub for some reason. *shudder* 




 Delete facebook 




 You should put the avacado and black beans on romaine and make a delicious salad. 




 Analingus 

Your blackout or theirs? Also, the way you spelled it sounds like dark magic or something. 




 I've also heard it's an evolutionary protective response, as most things that are bad for our health (poisons etc) are bitter/basic. 




 Salt and vinegar chips, they hurt my mouth so damn good. 




 asperagus 

I've never had autistic vegetables before. 




 Chai tea, mmmmm 




 According to this chart I'm stuck in the IPA stage, the bitterness makes me gag. 




 You still have cake, ice cream, and brownies left! 




 Same here, just had the most delicious pepperoni and mushroom pizza:( 




 I can live without the orange and yellow, but not the red. 




 Tagged as pedophile 




 Everybody was kung fu fighting! Da na na na, na na na! 




 mulatto

biracial or mixed nowadays. I also call my mixed friend a "hybrid" for laughs. 




 My thoughts exactly! 




 Dude I'm black and I asked my mom this question when I was in kindergarten. When this girl said black I was picturing chalkboard black when I'm more the color of Werther's candy. 




 I've never committed any crime worse than jay walking, I'm a graduate student, and I'm not rude. You're quite rude actually. Your sweeping generalization fails.  




 I'm Black, explain to me exactly why I'm shit? 




 There's black people in Russia?? 




 Yes milking the Dad won't work 




 My sister wanted to have her pregnancy stretch marks colored in with a tattoo to hide them, is this a bad idea? 




 I think that sometimes happens when people don't have regular contact with animals. My dad was like this until I adopted a husky, and soon my dad worried about the dog's feelings as much as ours. It made me smile when he took the dog out for a run with him because "he looked like he needed some entertainment." They've definitely bonded over time.  




 I'm curious, what was the third doggie doing when the other two were taking the polar plunge?  




 How much are you paying per month on their unlimited plan? 




 Iowa here, sounds good to me! 




 Man I only got Gamecast 




 The first time I felt like I actually fit in somewhere. In high school I was the sweet, but incredibly awkward kid. No one in particular picked on me, but you get tired of always feeling like the odd man out. It sucks to feel like you missed out on milestones and memories. Come freshman year of college I was determined to change my life and not be an observer anymore. I found some balls and went to the rugby team's practice session alone and inexperienced, and had a blast! For once being an athletic female who likes video games didn't make me weird. 

Five years later many of those people are still my best friends and they totally shaped my college experience. I even met my first longterm relationship through a teammate. It's awesome to have a group of friends that feel like family and to let your guard down with.  




 Dexter? 




 Grandma might be in better shape than OP. I swear my grandma has better knees than I do, basketball destroyed mine. 




 My niece could take her first legal drink before I could. Kinda funny! 




 Happened to my parents when the doctor told them my mom was infertile after a miscarriage, so they stopped using protection. Ten years later I wormed my way out. 




 Same here! Sometime people think my sister is my mom, and my mom is my grandma though :/ 




 1. My personal favorites with good sound and comfortable for long term wear. They are lightweight and ear pads are very comfy: [Sennheiser HD 598](http://www.amazon.com/Sennheiser-HD-598-Over-Ear-Headphones/dp/B0042A8CW2/ref=sr_1_5?s=aht ie=UTF8 qid=1419842099 sr=1-5)
2. [Bose AE2i](http://www.amazon.com/Bose-Audio-Headphones-Discontinued-Manufacturer/dp/B008YUNHK8/ref=sr_1_34?s=aht ie=UTF8 qid=1419842178 sr=1-34) Super light-weight and cushy. Noise-cancelling.
3. [V-MODA Crossfade M-100](http://www.amazon.com/V-MODA-Crossfade-Over-Ear-Noise-Isolating-Headphone/dp/B00A39PPCG/ref=sr_1_9?s=aht ie=UTF8 qid=1419842099 sr=1-9) These fit my head really well and have good noise-isolation. Sound is good for my songs that are rock or hip-hop based. Probably the most aesthetically pleasing out of the bunch.
4. Either of these models are great for sound quality and build, but they tend to be a little heavy for long term usage: [Audio-Technica ATH-M50](http://www.amazon.com/Audio-Technica-ATH-M50-Professional-Monitor-Headphones/dp/B000ULAP4U/ref=sr_1_2?s=aht ie=UTF8 qid=1419842099 sr=1-2), [Sony MDR7506](http://www.amazon.com/Sony-MDR7506-Professional-Diaphragm-Headphone/dp/B000AJIF4E/ref=sr_1_7?s=aht ie=UTF8 qid=1419842099 sr=1-7), and [Beyerdynamic 80 ohms](http://www.amazon.com/Beyerdynamic-770-PRO-80-ohms/dp/B0016MNAAI/ref=sr_1_14?s=aht ie=UTF8 qid=1419842099 sr=1-14)

These are my recommendations out of the headphones I own. I have no complaints about any of them. 




 That's how I feel about the world "inflammable". The definition is totally counter-intuitive to me. 




 Rural. For some reason my mouth cannot properly enunciate this word and makes me sound like I have a speech impediment. 




 Quality outdoor gear. Patagonia forever bitches! 
























 I would watch the shit out of that show 




 It depends on the context really. The last time I was at a conference and talking about social identities, I used the word "lesbian" because it's a widely understood term, no confusion. Among friends or acquaintances I say "gay". When with other LGBT friends I might jokingly say dyke or vagina enthusiast. I entirely avoid homo or homosexual, it's sounds cold and technical. Plus conservatives make it sound like some terrible pathology. 




 Source? 




 What are the effects of having a really large heart? 




 Which gene is Christianity located on? 




 I'm black and it is NOT my job to be responsible for black people I've never even met. Every person is responsible for their own actions. I've never called statistics racist (they are what they are) but I'm an individual and deserve to be treated as such. And fyi, there is no such thing as "the black community". We all have different beliefs and lifestyles. It varies by state, age, socioeconomic status and education.  




 Penthouse suite 




 Thank you:) 




 I'm bad at selfies but here's my [contribution](http://imgur.com/8Y4XPpW)! 




 She made a woman out of you eh? 




 Nope, lifestyle choice 




 Whoosh! 




 Channel your inner Michonne 




 Thanks for this, a fair amount of people don't realize sexual orientation isn't the same as cis or trans.  




 If this were a podcast, I'd listen. Good job! 




 I know this is a joke, but I don't honestly think that song is entirely positive. 




 As a fairly young person, how do I avoid becoming an ignorant old person? 




 I asked my mother if God was behind human reproduction (we were discussing pregnancy).

 nbsp;

*Why yes of course, how could you explain that miracle otherwise?*

 nbsp;


Ask if God is the reason for AIDS and syphillis:

 nbsp;

*No, that's human's fault because they're being nasty!* 




 If penises were shiny I'd probably touch more of them. 




 Nigerian perhaps? 




 Semi-related story: I was enraged when I read a newspaper article where a burglar filed a lawsuit against a guy he was robbing because he got hurt on his property. He got hurt trying to steal the lawn mower. That shit's ridiculous! 




 What does s.o.r. room stand for? 




 Bout 4 clicks up the road

Can you convert "4 clicks" into American measurements? 




 Tasty or Alex 




 That describes the majority of pet owners.

I'm wasn't referring to domesticated animals that have been bred to live alongside humans. I'm a pet owner myself. We're talking about an ape not a house cat. 




 So should we look, then look away? 




 Is there any mention of whether she had a mental disability or not? I just can't fathom the average person imagining they have a special relationship and going to a zoo 4x a week. 




 Maybe the zoo underestimated the amount of stupid one person could possess. Who would have thought someone would do that? 




 Breaking Bad reference, in case you missed that.  




 True periods last a week, children are forever (practically)  




 Not to me. I'm black and I approve. I'm also stealing that for future use.  




 Sure I'll get a boiling flask and methylamine. You go find an RV. 




 Aw yeah sleep!

*waits* 




 Take BC pills and skip the placebo week. Voila, no more periods. 




 I know that feeling too. If it happens alot, a new friend group might be a good change. 




 Getting old means you were young at one point. Be glad, some people don't make it that far. Hope you made the most of it. 




 Then being sad when her period finally comes on and you can't have sex for a week. 




 This brings the image of train wheels chugging to mind. 




 Dammit, my name is Stan Grandpa! 




 Goin' up!....On a Tuesday 




 Say what you will about Iowa but I'm glad I'm not from Chiraq. I like our cost of living and decent educational facilities.  




 Oh sorry! And I've been the victim of blood donation and drinking, worse hangover of my life. 




 Soo, I'm all out of plants, hook me up? 




 I worked there and we don't test for iron so that's interesting. 




 They take the plasma and put the red blood cells back in your body. 




 Aside from the initial needle poke into the fold of your arm there shouldn't be any pain.

Source: Former donor and former employee 




 I watched this documentary awhile back about the beliefs of African tribes in regards to female sexuality. The leader believed that if the clitoris wasn't removed at an early age it would grow out through the back of her head.

Can't make that shit up. Ignorance fuels these type of traditions. There's also the fact that if you don't get the procedure done you'll be considered unclean and unable to marry. 




 I'll save you! I'll finish med school in a couple years and take care of you:) 




 For porn 




 Wonder if he can touch his brain when he picks his nose? 




 Lesbians, by definition, are attracted to women, not genitals.

Going along with your line of thinking, what is a woman?  




 And tvs for that matter? 




 Aw skeet skeet skeet skeet* 




 What if you're really good at sex but no one wants to have sex with you?  




 Dem gainz 




 Make me a bong once you're done, please and thanks. 




 Slimy, yet satisfying 




 Caaaarrrrrlllllll 




 Read the thread, its Betadine cream. 




 You should definitely go to a doctor. The human mouth is swimming with things you don't want it your blood stream. 




 'Murica 




 I'm glad you've had a positive experience with female doctors! It's been the exact opposite for me. I had one provider say, oh this exam shouldn't be painful at all. The vagina's made to stretch I know what it feels like myself. After that I've gone to male doctor's because they seem a little kinder. 




 Not to be nosy but how do you afford this? I would love to go back and get a degree in computer science, my first was in biology, but I have no idea where I'd get the money from. 




 Gay women can get pregnant.... My married lesbian friends just had their first child. 




 All or some? What about them makes you go ew? 




 Wet or moist? There's a difference. 




 Sponge on a stick 




 What does it do? 




 The other 1% are writers for Buzzfeed. 




 Weapons of ass destruction: chemical warfare 




 I always thought periwinkle was a color. Like you can taste the light spectrum? 




 Pickled okra is pretty tasty as well. 




 I'm afraid I cant' come into work today.

Well why not Cindy?

I'm alcoholic. It'll interfere with performance. 




 I had a friend freshman year of college who would order her sandwich with a specific number of veggies. Such as: Gimme four slices of provolone, 3.5 cucumbers, 8 tomatoes and 2 oz of mustard. Sprinkle the lettuce. I know the employees were mentally cursing her out. 




 Did you say anything to him as he walked away? 




 0/10 with rice, or with anything really 




 Can someone explain the doge phenomenon? I see it a lot but have no idea what it's supposed to mean. 




 I use it for Craigslist dealings only 




 For some of my friends, the kid was the reason behind the engagement photos. 




 This was me with marijuana last year. As soon as I got home from work I'd get high and sit in my one bedroom apartment so I could keep myself together. It helped with my suicidal thoughts and anxiety. But like you it became a crutch, everyday sort of thing. I finally gave it away at a party and haven't bought any more since. I still have that psychological craving though. 




 I told student disability services on campus about my anxiety and depression, they worked with my professors to get extended time on my exams and an exam room away from everyone else. It really helped. Wish I had done it before my junior year. 




 Hello from another babyfaced individual! 




 Release the Krakito! 




 Novelty kitchenware is more cute than useful most times I think. I have an oven puller thing shaped like the devil. Gets the job done for the most part but oven mitts work much better. 




 No one knows you're a dog with a kitchen on the internet 




 It's obviously a Kindle with that type of print.  




 And fill him up with sour cream. 




 What, what? 




 "Sour cream" 




 I shudder at the though of anal after tacos. 




 Dem khakis though 




 Maybe they're genderfluid?  




 Your flair, I love it. 




 I wanna apply it to my teeth, for science. 




 What was the damage like? 




 Your masturbating is off the Richter scale 




 Can't lie, I've eaten a whole box when stoned. 




 Anything part time job for under 20 hours a week. I'm not really picky but I have the most experience in customer service and working in labs.  




 I'm a part-time graduate student looking for a job to hold me over for the rest of the semester. Can anyone recommend me a good website or resource to help me find a job besides Indeed.com and the student job board?

Thanks! 




 Are an important public figure or representative?  




 It's not that simple. I'm black but I don't have sex with men, so I'm lower risk than most. Plus my blood type is sought after because I can help people with sickle cell anemia. You can't just say black=HIV. It's a skin color not a behavior, like being gay.  




 Source please? In all my studies of neuroscience and sociology I've never heard this before.  




 Me too! Left handed lesbians unite!  




 I can't remember where I read this but I saw some article awhile ago hypothesizing a possible link between handedness and sexual orientation. It said gay people were more likely to be left handed on average. But like I said I'll have to dig up the source. Interesting stuff.  
























 That's a good philosophy to have, I'm gonna borrow that. You sound like quite the interesting preschool teacher :) 




 I just started a new job as a technician at a medical facility and a couple supervisors have made false assumptions about me being straight. For example, I was complaining about having to move out of my apartment and my supervisor said, "What you need to do is go out and find yourself a nice boyfriend to take care of those things, hurr hurr!". Being that he's my supervisor, I was unsure of whether to correct him that I'm in fact a strong lesbian who don't need no man. I am out to one coworkers who I know is friends with many LGBT people, but otherwise no one knows. I wondered if my fellow Raptors are out at work, especially when the topic of dating pops up? 




 Is it weird that I didn't know kinky hair could be grown any where but on the head? I've never seen nappy eyebrows or leg hair, I wonder if that exists? 




 I tried it and it worked wonderfully. Focus on the mons, not the inner labia and definitely not near the vaginal opening. There's also Skin Tight and Witch Hazel that are very good as well. 




 I wondered the same thing with that trans kid who stepped out in front of a truck. Why scar someone else for life? I don't think people with suicidal depression give a whole lot of critical thought to their actions.  




 Thanks!  




 But what do ladies "feel like" in comparison to men? 




 I'll give a definition slightly different than the one above. It's been explained to me as one's "internal sense" of being a male or female, sometimes neither (genderqueer) or both. A sense of gender identity is more defined in some people. For example, I don't feel like I have one, the concept doesn't make a ton of sense to me either. 




 Crunchy outside, nougaty center 




 Double the nutrient absorption! 




 Those features make me super paranoid I'm gonna hit the "share" button on my favorite interracial midget porn. I have to check my page afterwards to make sure it's not posted in my newsfeed. 




 Going to different buildings/floors should give you different story options. Make shitting more fun! 




 Jambalaya or Seafood Paella, I've gotten pretty good at it over the last year.  




 70 degree weather? I'll trade you for the - 7 in Iowa right now.  




 I'm in a multicultural sorority too, Sigma Lambda Gamma, can I ask which you're in? 




 Now he has time to learn Braille 




 80-90% of the population has it

Source on that stat? 




 +1 for AE boxer briefs! And they come in really great designs as well. I haven't had the problem with ride up either. 




 I've decided to start working out on campus and wondered if anyone knows what time of day is least crowded at the gym? I'm hoping to not wait for squat racks and such.

Also I'm kind of new, are people in the gyms generally cool and not douchebags?

Thanks! 




 Ha just finished watching that episode 




 What's swag music? 




 Solo jam with the bearded clam (masterbate) 




 Rashida is of Arabic origin....

Like Muhammad, Farah, or Yasmin 




 Huh. Out of all the sociology classes I've taken I've never heard the term ethnic used this way. 




 You can be black and Latino/a. One is a race the other is an ethnicity. Not mutually exclusive categories.

Source: Cuban and Dominican friends 




 Same here, we got to appreciate the global economy that was the slave trade 




 Thank you 




 Genotype doesn't equal phenotype

Source: Transmission genetics 




 We've actually changed to an Italian restaurant now, but I will remember to buy gum beforehand. Thanks for the tip! 




 That's a great idea, I'll check around and see if there's something like that.  




 This is great advice, thanks so much!!  




 After about 4 months of disappointment with online dating, I've been chatting with a girl I think is very cute and stylish and has similar interests: science, books, and fashion. We're planning on meeting this week in person for the first time but I'm seriously nervous. I've never met someone from online before, what are some dos and donts for having a successful meetup? 




 I know this is totally unrealistic but sometimes I imagine I have enough money to buy a small island and move there, to get away from all the b.s. Being black and queer in this country is enough to drive me batshit. 




 Blacks, instead of black people

This really gets underneath my skin every time I see it. Removes all humanity and room for individualism. 




 Good analogy, gonna save for future use against neckbeards 




 Even the women! 




 Dat epithelia 




 I'd like to be a prisoner in her Azz..ka..

Oh nevermind 




 theses things

What does this have to do with your Master's degree? 




 ITT:White jokes 




 Wellll Brazil is a rather complicated case but it is considered to be a Portuguese-speaking Hispanic Country. Most people have Latin, African, White and Indigenous background. [Source](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hispanic_and_Latino_Americans) 




 Wow, good for you other people struggle and get shit on. 




 Like what? 




 Thanks for the source. I'll do some reading.  




 Can you please explain to me the scientific link between testosterone levels and income? Also, how do testosterone cause crimes like embezzlement and and fraud? 




 But we don't look at modern Hispanics as evil slave-owners.

There's a fair amount of animosity for Spaniards and Brazilians for their role in the slave trade. From an academic and social stand point I don't think it's overlooked at all. As far as Jews go, undereducated people lump Jews in with whites. 

Also, the form of slavery that occurred in the U.S. is unlike any other form of slavery in human history. Prior to the trans-Atlantic slave trade, slaves were of all races. The U.S. slave trade was unique because it focused solely on Black Africans (with a minority of other groups) as this was their "natural place" and then even after gaining freedom instituted share-cropping, Jim Crow etc etc. The social aspect is entirely unique. 




 I'm not saying you're wrong but in a number of my genetics classes my professors have said there more genetic similarity between randomly chosen black and white people than between two black people who you think would share similarity.  




 I feel like this is more of a straight woman thing. Most of the lesbians I know are bros and stick together. 




 There should be better alternatives to periods and giving birth by now. 




 I've considered public health as a possible career choice, I'd like to know what you do on a day to day basis? What are the most interesting aspects of the job? 




 How did you get into your field? I'm interested! 




 Wanna come to Iowa? I'm right below ya;) 




 Currently on repeat! 




 I don't think it's racist but kind of cringey for making fun of inner city kids.  




 I used to think I was bi up until my freshman year of high school, but that changed during a sleepover with several of my best friends. You know how late at night with friends you tend to talk about your sexual experiences thus far and get a little more daring? My friends mentioned how excited they got kissing boys,  and enjoyed feeling their muscles and erections. 

I wasn't as experienced as my friends, mostly made out here and there, and some dry humping. I had only seen one penis in real life. I compared my experience to theirs and wondered why I didn't feel the crazy attraction and excitement that they did. And what the hell was wet (I was a sheltered child!). I mostly felt nothing or mildly grossed out. 

That changed when my best friend and I decided to sneak off and watch porn after everyone else fell asleep. It featured a pretty red-head and a brunette kissing and tribbing each other. 1 minute into the porn and my clit throbbed and I was more interested in sex than I'd ever been. I guess the film made my friend feel a little adventurous because she leaned over and gave me a peck on the lips. I'd thought I had a "girl-crush" on her before, but this confirmed real feelings. My head rushed and I could feel my heart pumping in my chest. So this is attraction, finally! Even though she ultimately ended up being straight, and I gay, it was my first time  feeling a strong emotional and physical attraction to someone. I realized I wasn't broken, I liked women. And cue, long emotional coming out process. 




 Things don't always play out the way they did here. I complained to my supervisor about one of my fellow black employees calling me the N-word constantly during this. Nigga this, nigga that. At first my supervisor thought I was joking but I told him it offended me and it's not ok just because it's coming from another POC. Long story short, he got in trouble for using racial slurs but was pissed at me for snitching and didn't see why I was mad. I'm glad my old employer had an anti-slur policy, doesn't matter who says it. 




 *Drops mic* 




 Ah I see, I have no idea of the logistics behind that. Interesting point. I know many hospitals hire PAs and ARNPs because they're cheaper for them in the long run. Should be for the patient also.  




 Ch-ch-ch-chia! 




 One day shipping! 




 Can I ask what's wrong with PAs or med students? They are working under the supervision of an MD or DO, whatever diagnosis they come to will be checked over. Plus, most primary care illnesses don't need an MD for treatment. 




 Do the tryptophan supplements make you tired at all? 




 Probably. I remember one news headline being about a giant chicken egg. There's not much to report on. 




 Another Ames resident checking in!! 




 I'm 23 with 66 year old parents. I keep thinking I should hurry up and breed so they'll get to see their grandkids. I wish my mom would stop smoking so she could extend her lifespan and chances of seeing them. 




 Maybe it's Mein Kampf 




 Well there's about 210,000 miles on her, time to trade up. 




 Besides the emotional turmoil, the arrangements seem endless. Social security, bills, arranging the estate. I have no clue how I'm going to do it alone. 




 Hugs internet bro XX 




 I'm in the same boat. It's tough to accept but I'm gradually getting there. I was jealous of my friends who came from teen parents because they get more time with them. 




 Cell phone missing? Cue panic attack and pocket taps. 




 Double check pockets for id, phone, and keys. If missing, cue heart attack 




 How cold it is, and which football team is doing better. 




 Friends and weed 




 There's always that asshole who eats Lays or an apple in a quiet room. 




 Left-handed, gay, scientist, minority. I'd like to see the probability of that. 




 I used to work the last shift in a plasma center. Around 20 minutes before close we'd begin closing down stations to go home for the night. This involved bleaching down everything and putting away equipment. There is always that one person who'd come in 2 minutes before close so I'd have to reopen the booth and bring everything back out, then rebleach once done. Fuck you person, you could come earlier. 




 Eating in public. I always worried have ketchup smeared on my face or people are judging what's on my plate. 




 I call it "Ninja shit" mode 




 Did your heart race answering this post? 




 I feel bad walking past people in wheelchairs. *I need to get past you, please don't think badly of me!* 




 Walking down the street when a bus full of people goes by makes me feel so self-conscious. My walk and face get weird as hell. 




 L.A.? 




 President. I know it's unreasonable but I think you'd appreciate how difficult it is to create a stable and satisfied country. 




 The opposite of naughty Korea 




 I'd honestly pretend to be a man (I'm a woman) and see what life as the opposite sex would be like. 




 My solutions to your problems:

-park in the back. No door dings that way.

-Go at night.

-Amazon reviews for deals and reviews

-Ask the friendliest associate you can find

-Don't go to Walmart

-Say hey, on second thought you can help me with something!

-Wear headphones, no small talk


-Sleep on any major purchases.

Fellow anxious person here, hope it helps 




 Wal-mart employees in a nutshell. 




 Cottage cheese, shredded cheddar cheese and ham or bacon bits. Made it up as a kid and have been eating it ever since. 




 Sounds delicious. I always add fries to my burger. 




 Companionship in moderation. Take time for yourself to reflect and recharge. 




 Sounds like a hood name 




 I'd go with Incus for a boy.  




 She love my dick, call that nigga Richard. 




 Any post that seems like it might remotely involved race, I steer clear of because I know it'll be a shit show. 




 I screwed around too much my freshman year of college and now am going into debt to retake those courses and improve my gpa. Even with all this I don't know if I'll be able to get into PA school. 

Do it right the first time, seriously. 




 You could make the Jimmy John's a little more healthy by ordering the "unwich" instead of the normal sub. Less calories and carbs. Or less fast food might help with better help and more money. 




 Is there any way your credits could be rolled over to another program? I used my biology credits to change to bioinformatics, didn't waste too much time. 




 Shame 




 Comes with Donkey 




 Bad breath 




 Grandfather by 42 




 SLAP!!!! 




 Don't you know antivirus causes autism? 
























 You have awesome eyebrows! 




 Aren't you edgy. It's already been said multiple times. 




 What's unhealthy about bluetooth? 




 I don't think anyone thinks soda is harmless or healthy. 




 Nutella is spreadable crack. So good! 




 But it tastes so good with PB J! 




 I can't wait til self driving cars are as common as Fords. 




 Especially after that "What's the nastiest thing you and your SO do together?" thread.  




 Same here. I would never avoid getting Tdap or something like that. But when the seasonal flu vaccine rolls around I'm always a little hesitant. 




 Try looking up bisphenyl-A, a common additive in some plastics. 




 My university sells kale, spinach, and mango smoothies. Sounds nasty but it's really quite delicious has fiber and whatnot. 




 I seriously agree with the psychologically addictive part. I started drinking soda in my college cafeteria just because it was there at dinner. I began craving it on a regular basis after a couple days, even the kinds that didn't taste that great.  




 Sounds like a delicious recipe for an omelette. 




 Agreed. Learning about the development of antibiotic-resistant bacteria in my microbiology class freaked me out a little.

A good side note is, if you actually need the antibiotics, take the whole prescription. Don't stop when you start feeling better. The leftover bacteria will contribute to growing resistance. 




 As punishment force them to repackage the monitors in the awful styrofoam and plastic, and put back in the box correctly. 




 Ok thanks! Off to purchase a straight bar. 




 What time do you generally go to bed? 




 Bench, squat, dead and variations of those

Wait so you're saying I cannot do those exercises with an EZ curl barbell? Just making sure. Why not? 




 I'm a total newb to fitness so I have 3 stupid questions:

1. Any tips for doing a proper deadlift? I feel like I'm getting pains in my back for a reason.

2. Are there any exercises that you can't do with a EZ curl barbell that you normally can with a regular/straight barbell?

3. Whenever I use the inner thigh machine at the gym (squeezing thighs closed with about 40 lbs of weight) I get a very weird painful sensation in my groin, is that normal? I'm a girl if that helps. 




 I love your flair. Can hear the tune in my head. 




 Me too! I had no idea men had mammary glands. 




 I watched that so many times I'm currently ashamed of myself. 




 One of these things is not like the others. 




 What's morally wrong about it? I've never seen the logic in this perspective.  




 Hmm. But as a gay person when people call my inborn sexuality a sin, I think of all the other major sins: murder, theft, adultery etc. Have your sexuality be compared to grievous crimes and all around negative things kind of hurts. Not saying you're wrong, but it's just my two cents.  




 I thought "it" was the third-person singular? I'm not into linguistics though. 




 Do angels have a "gender"? Like were the angels in Sodom and Gomorrah male? 




 Lotion by itself and "skin care", without UVA/UVA blockers, does not protect against sunburn.

Source: Black and a biologist 




 My uncle (A black guy) went to Alaska on military duty and he got really "pale" for a black person but he didn't lose all this melanin. I think the difference is in brown people their melanocytes are genetically programmed to produce a base level of melanin, extra coloring is given as a result of sunlight stimulation. So he got paler because he lost the extra light stimulation but still had the base level of production.

Source: Hypothesizing of biology grad student 




 Its been said, towards middle of thread 




 Why would you be forced to shave it? Beards are awesome:) 




 Stores such as Circuit City, Sam Goody's, etc that catered to electronics and music 




 I wish this was acceptable in the US. It would be a great way to get around campus. All I see are longboards. 




 That godawful dial-up noise should be used in government torture tactics 




 That hot grease son 




 Hope you don't mind if I borrow this for the heavy-footed bitch above me, gave me quite a chuckle. 




 What if he wore it in a man-bun? Is that more acceptable for your tax preparation needs. 




 I'm available for $12 an hour. PM your itinerary.  




 Hmm I don't know. Food is required so your cells can produce power, proteins etc so you don't die. Sex isn't really necessary for individual survival. Sex and dating can be nice but also come with a shitload of potential consequences. But as a horny motherfucker, I do see your point. 




 Time travel, whilst retaining previous knowledge 




 That there is some predestined soul mate out there waiting to bump into them. 




 Best: Milk shake or Vanilla Frosty

Worst: Hummus would probably be pretty gross 




 Plus you can get 50% off with a .edu email 




 What about yourself makes you think you're a bad person? I feel this way sometimes too. 




 Was being left-handed a big deal back then? 




 What the hell is going on in that second gif? I need context! 




 He would probably break a leg or two at this point 




 Ok, I'm in the Midwest and got $33 for a 6 hour day. Lunch money!  




 I love the enhanced sensation that I get from weed. Everything feels awesome, I almost came from rubbing my toes together. 




 Polyjuice potion? 




 I thought detasseling would be a great way to make money as a teenager. The money was not worth the sun burn in 90 degree weather, bug bitches, and general discomfort of standing in a field. Longest, most relieving shower I've taken in years. 




 Throw some cheese on that bitch! But no longer healthy. 




 Tell that to someone with vaginismus or other issues. 




 At least they pay you (in my state anyway). 




 Honestly, what's "tumblry" about it? I don't see anything extreme here. Typical college life awareness issues. 




 Microaggressions are subtle ways people use prejudiced/racist speech or stereotyping someone unfairly.

Source: have been involved in social justice research 




 Yeah I have to remind myself not to do this anymore. Even though whole shells taste delicious blood pouring out of my butthole isn't pleasant  




 steriotyping

Are you making fun of the South by misspelling "stereotyping"? 




 As a fellow video game lover, a million upvotes for this analogy!  




 That's a really good your doing. I feel like STD risk is downplayed with lesbians. I don't I've ever had a serious convo with my friends about it, let alone a date.  




 I feel the same way, but people still put alot of stock into purity and virginity for some reason  




 The rare act of outerlingus 




 ... Some people don't wanna potentially be someone's first or they want a partner with a lot of sexual experience.  




 Haha I'm stealing this. 




 Don't think of the children. 




 That kid would have got punched in the face. 




 Siblings in a nutshell. How dare you make my near death experience about you! 




 *LESBIANISM INTENSIFIES*  




 I'm asking for....science of course. But really I'm curious if people have negative perceptions of virgins, especially those in their early or mid-twenties.  




 ...You're taking my comment a little too seriously 




 Well he can't stay at home...

Not since the aaccident. 




 Good point. 




 Noice, I appreciate your reply! I've never seen a good example of the arachnoid mater before. I was guessing it wasn't the dura mater because it's described as pretty dense connective tissue. 




 Wow, I used to play that Krabby Patties game obsessively as a kid. I would love to play again just for the nostalgia. 




 So many good (and naughty) games. 




 *Raises hand* 




 What's your IQ? 




 I'm black and I had nothing to do with those retards in Missouri. No fucking way. 




 Just a thought about savings, not exactly correlated to race: if you work a crap job where you barely pull in enough to cover necessities, you're probably not going to have anything to put into savings. For example, I'm a college student who can only find part-jobs that work with my school schedule, most of those pay little. I can put some away, but if my tire blows or I have a health emergency, well I have to pull from saving and I'm back to square one.

And flashy items like what? I know black people who live in poor neighborhoods of big cities, and one guy had never seen an Ipod before and most didn't have internet access outside of a library. Shitty old cars and cheap furniture. I'm black btw, middle class. I'm not saying you're perspective isn't valid but I've seen otherwise. 




 Glad to find someone else who thinks this way. I feel like we we're a rare breed and people feel like you're an oppressor for knowing who you are or what's normal for you. 




 What do you have against headphones? 




 If you use different products and eat different food, it's not all that shocking that different cultures have different smells.  




 Welp I'm all 3 (humanist though) 




 What do you like best about Houston? I'm about to graduate and Houston's on my list o potential relocations.
 




 Wouldn't that be the dura or pia mater showing? 




 Health! 




 Queers 




 Khalmydia comes free with the koalas! 




 Willy is that you? 




 What about Camden, NJ? 




 Aw you seem nice. That will change the longer you're on this site 




 The world is still filled with bags of junk. It's not like garbage man launch trash into space. 




 Colombia 




 Are you Colombian? 




 Started from the bottom, now you here! 




 I've only noticed them taking money orders, checks, and cash. Auto withdrawal would be nice.  




 Yup same here. Checks are the best way to pay rent. They charge us a percentage to use credit cards.  




 Everything happens for a reason. Be patient and you'll see.

Nothing pisses me off more than belittling my situation by telling me to wait for 5 years to see the good come out of my suffering. What good is coming out of having a chronic health condition?! 




 Don't tell me what to do buddy! 




 What's a "work husband"? 




 Exactly what happened to me! I got asked about my relationship status within the first five minutes at this new job. I was not ready to out myself at that point. Nooope riding solo *awkward silence* 




 Wow, that's terrible, I'm so sorry. Did your supervisors say out right that that's why they fired you? 




 I don't know why, but it bothers me so much when someone calls it a "lifestyle". Like gee, I go to school, travel, date and worry about my future, what an alternative lifestyle I lead! 




 Yes, I'm getting tired of feeling that way as well, especially being careful of the pronouns I use when talking about exes or the date I just went on. It's much easier to be yourself. 
























 I've seen similar things on Huffpost Black Voices and it makes me pretty angry. For one things it implies that there's something inherently wrong with femininity and masculinity is always the standard to be upheld. 

There's been accusations that these shows are white people's attempt to destroy the black family. As a queer identifying black women, I have to ignore the identity erasure. Ah, the beauty of intersectionality.

Edit:spelling 




 If so, then why have religious groups been successful in using their influence to ban people from things that violate their religious beliefs? 




 What type of thyroid problem? Biology nerd so I'm interested.  




 Yes I agree hypo-thyroidism can cause weight gain in some, my sorority sister put on about 10-15 lbs before she was treated.  




 Reading this thread before going to my lab job was a terrible idea. I'm now afraid to touch everything. 




 Your post is super interesting. What's PEG? And is the 2-photon microscope normally safe for live specimens? 




 You could make a laboratory safety cartoon with Gaston and Gallant, instead of Goofus and Gallant. 




 Did you end up with any injury to your legs? That's my worst fear every time I handle sulfuric acid at work. 




 When I was an undergrad I had to use rubber tubing and pipette tip to suck the sperm out of zebra fish.  




 Are you aware you posted this like six times?

Edit: Found 4 more 




 I saw someone blame their obesity on an overactive thyroid. Yeah well, that's not how any of this works. 




 Exactly. Freedom of religion should include freedom *from* it. 




 Don't feel bad about your questions. I have the same worry as a black applicant. 




 Do you guys have general guidelines for how much of each item you put on? Like sometimes my bowl will be heaped with cheese and beans, other days not so much.  




 Those richerds! 




 Sooo, how do you think the dating scene would be for a queer black woman? 




 This times 1000. Exactly the place I'm in. Sometimes for the sake of loneliness I'll go out with someone white, but come back disappointed because it's not the same.  




 Seriously, how does a sticker on a hat affect your life? 




 Source? 




 My mom is Black and has been to numerous Asian countries and loved it. You'll be fine. Listen to other black people. 




 Weird I've spent 3 summers there and never had a negative interaction... 




 Shut up. Race has nothing to do with this cute video. 




 Sweat

Stop tasting the children 




 Which GI diseases? 




 I'd say Bay area, Houston, Dallas and East Coast like DC or Alexandria VA. I'm in Iowa and it's surely not here lol. 




 True, early today I was thinking to myself that the racism I've been dealing with on campus is hurtful and it doesn't make me weak to admit it. It's emotionally tiring. 




 Hey hey hey, I'm 23 and a grad student in Iowa! Currently in the struggle of applying to physician assistant school.  




 I'm now on Zoloft after being on Lexapro and Prozac previously. Prozac gave me restless leg like symptoms and dilated pupils. I had a bad reaction to Lexapro. Zoloft however, has been awesome. I'd go as far to say it saved my life and my grades. I don't feel so mentally weighed down that I think about suicide constantly like before. I can focus more on the day than my feelings. Worst side effects so far is crazy dreams and having a hard time getting up in the mornings. Fair trade. 




 As a gay black person I am indeed a fairy. 




 Let's be honest, if Redditors had fairy god parents a lot of weird shit would go down. 




 With egg? 




 You must have missed that thread were a lady got broken eye socket for shushing 2 black girls in a movie theater. Some of the most racist shit I've seen out of Reddit.

edit:Someone linked it below 




 You're aunt and cousins count as a lot of black people? 




 The next big thing will be shoulder giraffe. 




 Long horse held by long pig. 




 More scales and more people. 




 I read this in a gay voice. 




 Wow, you started with 75? Like no prior experience at all? That's awesome. I'm just starting to get into it. 




 Me too. Thanks God for the internet or else I would suspect I was the only one. 




 Approximately 22 years old.

Huh, he doesn't look anywhere near that old. 









 I do something similar, I would love to know the science/psychology behind this^We're ^crazy! 




 More! *waits patiently*  




 It's like saying something is "on point". Like, really good. Naw mean? 




 Or it will be mailed to your front door step. 




 A dominatrix business run by Super Saiyans. 




 What does this mean? 




 Oh gotcha. 




 accidentally several dicks

You forgot something in that sentence? 




 I need another hit of House of Cards. 




 Great explanation. 




 If that doesn't work back away slowly and pretend to be dead 




 Putting narcissistic pictures on the back of your car isn't black culture... 




 Please show me the statistical evidence showing a positive correlation between increased melanin production and criminal activity.  




 Can we be unicorns together? 




 Minority status isn't about sheer numbers of your population. Do some research. 




 Do you really thing your accomplishments are better than this kid's? I've seen people with these stats at state schools, that aren't Asian. 




 How did Adderall change things for you? I've always been curious about the effect, and wondered if I should have taken it. 




 Your story gives me hope:) 




 How quick are conditioning gains in your opinion? 




 Any tips for good running form?  




 Bravo. 




 Haha that sounds really cute actually. 




 How do you manage to get a tick between you buttcheeks? I can only imagine you were taking a squat in a forest or something. 




 So is he moving people or things? I'm confused. 




 What made you stay for the whole summer even? I would have called appropriate services to help the pets and got tf out. 




 Do you feel like Tampa is a queer friendly place? I've considered moving there after college and loved it as a kid 




 Congrats on your new baby and I hope your wife recovers quickly. 




 Some people need to make small talk, I guess. 




 A cat burglar, if you will 




 Nope Mr. Krabs 




 Ain't nuttin' to fuck with! 




 Even if this incredibly stupid idea came to fruition, how would they prove someone is "sexually active"?  




 As a gay Black person, both these sentiments make me uncomfortable. Gotta love intersectionality.

edit:spelling  




 Oh, my bad. 




 What's the best thing about it? I've been thinking about getting it. 




 Thanks for visual. 




 Right handed oppressor! /s 




 Why are guns difficult for a leftie? I'm a leftie and never shot a gun before. 




 You forgot the vagisil 




 Me too, I was like I drive this to work everyday lol 




 What type of conditioner do you use? 




 both heredity and learned

I think you mean hereditary.

Heredity is based on the genes and associated alleles you received from you parents. Epigenetics and environmental factors influence this as well. And fine motor skills is located in the same place in every normal person's brain.

Source: Biology grad student 




 Someone is actually using critical thinking in this thread. 




 mentally more feminine

Can you explain what this means or feels like? I'm always unsure whenever I hear someone say they felt like a woman "mentally" 




 What advice would you give her if she felt that way about you? 




 No tears, only Biden now.  




 Every family has one.  




 Me too :'( 




 Well jeez. Tell it like it is, I guess. 




 Can you ELI5 what a revocable trust is? 




 Is it costly to close an estate? I've mentioned it elsewhere in the thread but I'll be responsible for my parents' estate and as an only child I doubt my ability to handle it alone. 




 Is closing someone's estate costly? I'll probably be responsible for my parents' and I'm terrified of having to handle it alone. 




 It's not? 




 Your point would be a little more interesting if you could find statistics on what percentage of black people have committed violent crime vs what percentage of white people have committed violent crimes. And I mean relative to their population number not crimes itself. 




 What exactly is black culture to you? 




 Not funny. 




 I have decent sized boobs but I'm worried about the stretch marks that came with. 




 Lupus? 




 I often wonder why nice people seem so nice and what they're actually after. This probably makes me sound paranoid. 




 The thicker the better I always say. Like a milkshake lol. 




 Pretty brown almond shaped eyes. My friends wanna put blush on my high cheekbones but ain't nobody got time for that. 




 You're gorgeous hun! 




 I'm in the process of applying for jobs for this summer and there is pretty much always "optional" questions asking for race, ethnicity, and gender  identification. Back in high school I experienced a "processing error" every time I checked black. So I decided to experiment and click white. Received a smiley face and was told my application had been submitted.  Now as a college grad I'm unsure if I should check the black box, prefer not to answer, or straight up lie. 


I heard these questions are used simply for statistical purposes or for affirmative action or to filter out POC from the applicant pool. What do you ladies do in situations like these? 
























 So how would the admissions committee look at a 24 year old Black Latina with a 3.65 gpa? 




 Get your girlfriend to feed you while you play. 




 I came in this thread expecting this to be the top comment lol 




 ON FLEEK TIL I DIE!!! 




 Frustrated because I can't find another queer black lady to fall in love with :( Living in the midwest isn't helping me at all. 




 I agree with you. Slightly different but as a black person I'll sometimes make my voice higher around certain non POC for the same reason. 




 Why weren't you allowed to be left handed? That's crazy to me! 




 My sister knows that pain. When she answers the phone people will ask "is your mom and dad home?" lol. 




 I like you:) Plus I find deeper voices to be quite sultry 




 Well I was going to pm the info. Wasn't sure where or how to link here.  




 I know, confirmation bias. Nice to see all the lefties represent though lol.  




 Ok.Twas just a joke. 




 I don't know, figured someone has to do the grocery shopping  




 Ambidextrous is the fancy name :) 




 Hot as fuck. No idea how they survive in places like Saudi Arabia in all that black. 




 Sexy is always good lol! 




 I used to joke with my Muslim friend that she had the advantage during the winter. Full on hijab seemed warm. 




 Seriously. The deadbeat dad joke goes round and round... 




 How many Raptors are left handed or think they have a deeper voice than straight women? My sorority sister (also gay) and I were discussing how our neuroscience book says lesbians are more likely to be lefthanded. We also think lesbians have deeper voices than the general straight female population. Just curious:)

Edit: So at the time I counted 37% were left handed compared, compared to about 10% of general population. 14% ambidextrous. About 41% of you felt you have a deeper voice. I am not a scientist, but I like stats like these :)  




 Fellow Iowan!

*Waves* 




 From the midwest? 




 Ear plugs bro. 




 This might sound stupid but Amazon Prime. They have practically everything and a couple clicks puts what I want on my doorstep in no time.  




 Psychological addiction is legit. I started vaping ridiculous amounts after my aunt died because I didn't know how to cope. It reduced my anxiety and sadness to more tolerable levels. 




 Same. I have no idea why I do this. 




 Pop is so addicting. I drank a Pibb because that's all they had at the time and craved it for days after. I didn't even think it tasted that great. 




 During the summer cutting grass is a good way to make money. Kid on my street makes $30 just for small yards. 

Last year I flipped stuff on Craigslist. Bought a mattress for $20 and sold it for $40.  




 Interesting, thanks!  




 I know nothing of Canada's pop culture. 




 True. I normally don't look up background info on an artist unless they're particularly interesting or good looking.  




 Damn you're right lol.

Edit: I just remembered Sam Smith as well. 




 Where do the maggots come from in rotting corpses? Are they already inside us? 




 Eating in general. 




 Me three! 




 Good to know! 




 Agreed, they're quick to write a script. I mentioned having a bad nights sleep (finals!) and she asked if I wanted Ambian or something similar immediately. I'll just lay off the caffeine thanks. 




 That likes Lady Gaga. 




 If you're in the middle, it makes it hard for people to walk around you in either direction. 




 I like to retighten my sheets in the morning. Feels better when I get in than loose crumpled sheets. 




 One inside the other. 




 Because it's an internet forum not the personal statement for grad school. 




 First original one I've read. 




 Found the not lesbian. 




 What should they call you in front of strangers? 




 It's like I get this weird tingly sensation right before the sweat erupts. 




 People in my school's parking lot are so anxious to get in, sometimes I don't have room to get the fuck out. Asian kid in the BMW, I'm looking at you. 




 Freeway Wind- produced by Skillrex 




 Time.

How does one overuse time? 




 Well, fuck you too. 




 Nonrenewable resource worries: fossil fuel, water, ketchup. 




 It's the only way I can tolerate Brussel sprouts. 




 As a college student with depression, I'd most likely be dead if it weren't for my antidepressants. Are you saying you think they're oversprescribed?  




 True. If the bus in my area came more often and went closer to grocery stores and restaurants, I'd definitely use public transportation more. 




 How many rolls do you estimate to go through a week. I admit I used to get irritated with my roommate because we went through 3-4 rolls a week for the two of us. After she moved, one roll would last me almost 2 weeks. 




 Definitely agree with electricity. I can't understand why my roommate needs to leave the bathroom and kitchen lights on when she's in her room with the door shut. 




 What's femalia? 




 Black people are from Hawaii now? 




 Actual black person here. I wash my hair twice a week or sometimes more if it's volleyball season. Any more and it gets super dry. My maintenance includes brushing or combing multiple times a day and cuts about every 8 weeks. Christ I hate misinformation. 




 Minus the big ass hospital bill. 




 I feel the same way. The dentist pulled 4 of my teeth for braces and a year later 4 more replaced them. So much pain. 




 Plus it makes your ass look great! 




 Marry me? I love to garden and make delicious cocktails. I also dabble in rugby from time to time. 




 Awhile ago I heard this interesting tidbit that in that past pink was a "boys color" and blue was for girls. The gender association switched at some point.

Also, I find guys who were pink button downs at my job to be very cute and doesn't subtract from their masculinity at all. 




 Haha I'm a woman and I love men's clothing. I don't have to worry about exposing cleavage and your pants have functional pockets! 




 That sucks and it's interesting bc, that's the reverse of my experience as a more masculine female. The older I get the less shit I get for not wearing skirts and drawing winged eyeliner. I like snapbacks and loose fitting shorts. 




 What's a normal gender identity? I feel like that is still an obscure concept. 




 Witch hazel works for me, after a gentle cleanser like Sebamed.  




 I was thinking they would have fit in as a member of the Volturi in Twilight.  




 I was thinking good place to put the onion dip 




 The knee's not the only thing that's gonna get jerked.  




 So if the patient who received the knee replacement gained a lot of weight, would the replacement fail?  




 Wascally wabbits! 




 Well then

*scuttles away* 




 Trainer or therapist? 




 Same here, underrated imo. I check to see if there's a possibility of a sequel, but I don't think that's ever gonna happen. 




 True, I can respect different experiences. A lot of different things come in to play here. I didn't grow up in a big city, but a mid-sized fairly diverse town in the midwest. My family's middle class as well. I have a ton of sympathy for people who are both minorities and poor. It's tough to break out of that mold. I wish your friend the best. 




 Your comment is so far off from my experience as a Black person. Everyone I know of is proud of me for going to graduate school and are supportive in numerous ways. My mother's church raised several thousand dollars to help me with tuition over the years, helped me move, and put my accomplishments (and the other students' as well) in the local newspaper. My dad was angry when I had a B in calculus in high school. How does this add up to black culture being anti education? I grew up with Black people, am actually Black. People tease me for being a freaking nerd and always reading, in a playful way. I'm not attacking you I just felt the need for a different perspective from the generalization you posted. 




 Weird I'm black and have tons of African friends. 




 As a minority, I really appreciate this post. I don't think some people realize how tough it is to be a rep for, or carry the weight of your race around day to day. I'm in college and I often check my speech or behavior, for two reasons. One, so people don't say of course a black person would get a bad grade in biochem, they're dumb and lazy. And two, so my impression doesn't make it difficult for the person of color after me. Even doing these things I've had to deal with professors making questionable comments.


Sometimes I'm jealous of white people's ability to be individuals, it's quite the luxury. People take your character into account before they notice your race.

Anyway, I applaud you for yourself analysis :) 




 Agreed 




 Are you a serial killer then? 




 Darkness! What did the five fangers say to the face??

*SLAP!!!* 




 *Nods in agreement*



[Another pic](http://36.media.tumblr.com/1f9d6e99e01400d203e7fdac480e1ec3/tumblr_nib11eDdBi1tzlxwlo1_1280.jpg) 




 the* 




 I'm a madam:) And thanks for your reply!  




 I read this in Sergeant Doakes' voice.  




 Again?!  




 I'm sitting at 10 weeks, with about an inch of new growth maybe. Right now I think I'll wait until July to cut it. The different textures are getting a little difficult to manage so I'm trying to be gentle with it.  




 You're beautiful! How long did you transition for? I'm in that period right now and getting antsy for the big cut. 




 /u/waffletoast are you me? These are exactly the two pets I want! I've been trying to find one at a shelter bc breeders are too dang expensive. 




 periodical 

Try daily.  




 How do you know they're less qualified unless you see their personal statement, letters of recommendation and resume? 




 No it's created by the society that might assume Chad is a better person than Alejandro or Demetrius, solely on the inference they're making from their name. 




 Whites don't have a Bible saying being black is a sin.

You might want to look up the the Curse of Ham.  




 Can I get a source on that? Especially that last bullet point. 




 I'm a black Humanist lesbian, but not wheelchair. Can anxiety count as my disability instead? 




 Latinos... 




 Obviously this time of year the library is overrun with people trying to cram for final exams,   do you have any recommendations for other places to get a nice study session in? 


Thanks!  




 Give them an education and get them to earn a degree

You kind of make it sound like a college in America is free or cheap. There millions of Americans who can't afford college or drowning in student loan debt. Who's going to pay to educate these immigrants? 




 Biodiverse? 




 I think the ones who wanna hit and run are over-represented. The settle down types are hard to find:( 




 Around this time last year. I met with a couple who sounded like a good match and settled everything with 3 other grad students in July. Took a little time to weed out sketchy people.  




 I found my roommates through Craigslist, good way to screen personality types to match yours. Otherwise there might be a Facebook page where you can make a post.  




 What's your upper body workout routine? Your biceps are inspiring! 
























 I've heard people say that the the old testament no longer applies to Christians after Jesus came because according to some new testament verse he's the fulfilment of the law. Then they quote anti gay new testament verse. I'm also at a loss on how to handle.  




 Lol my first thought exactly  




 Moist 




 Jesse Pinkman? 




 You're not the only one. I'm much more sociable and upbeat during my period. I have no idea why. Like, in the days before my period I'm miserable but during and days after I feel more normal, borderline happy. 




 Looks like Havarti. 




 According to my RES it's a thing. Only 6 subscribers. 




 Just a heads up, most POC find being called "exotic" offensive. 




 In your opinion, should the US take on poor people from all over the globe because life is hard?  




 So are you working on a cure for multiple sclerosis or developing an alternative fuel? I'm really interested in all the innovations you're currently contributing to society. 




 How do asexual and/or aromantic people fit into your understanding? 




 I swear you're one of few people in this thread with the common sense to realize that everything isn't for everyone. You have a healthy attitude. 




 So if a white murders blacks it's racist but a black murders white its an assault.

Twice to be specific. 




 Yeah it's definitely an article to bait people, and look it's working. That website doesn't look like the most trustworthy site I've ever seen. 




 Puts you in the mood for revenge racism? 




 Imo as a black person, this is a hate crime and I can't believe they didn't classify it that way. Attacking people for a stupid reason is horrifying and even worse that they included a child. Truly wtf is wrong with people. 




 Yay another Cyclone! Hope you get to visit the state fair, it's pretty awesome. 




 This gif was everything I hoped it would be :') 




 What would the right reasons be, in your opinion? 




 It's been 2 hours! What happened?! 




 Never thought I'd see this in my lifetime! 

So who wants to marry this queer Black lady? I'm adventurous, college educated and love cuddles :)  




 The way you put that was helpful actually.  




 If I don't feel like I have a gender identity, then I don't have to identify as cis, do I? I don't have a problem with dysphoria, so I'm not trans either. 




 Same here. 




 Black chick here. If I could find a "white-acting" black boy I'd actually be quite happy. 




 Hello, me. 




 Tuck's pad secret ingredient. 




 I was one of the ones who said I'm not interested in penises. I'm unlikely to be attracted to a transman because most of them get top surgery and I like boobs. I'm also unattracted to deep voices and large amounts of body hair, which some have after taking testosterone. 

And there are plenty of dildos that don't look extremely phallic- such as lack of veins or distinctive glans.  




 Agreed, this for me as well. 




 Stop making wild, racist accusations when OP hasn't said anything remotely race-related. You don't have the right to judge someone's identity or perception of their environment. Especially when you're not a part of it!

And if anything is "lesbophobic", you're username certainly is. 




 I don't think they're saying there's anything wrong with being butch, but as a butch OP should be horrified at their own behavior for being associated with this saying. I'm not agreeing with them, just clarifying. 




 I think it's wonderful that you're excited to go to a university where you and your wife will be accepted! I remember how excited I was to go to a school that was queer friendly and didn't have to hide a part of my identity. It sucks someone took a lighthearted quip and turned it into an attack. If anyone is aggressive and making wild assumptions it's them. And as a black person, I can't see how this person is feeling racially threatened by you. I wish you all the best :)

Edit: grammar 




 Embarrassed to say I just read the description and tried to imitate the noise lol 




 Where are you from? I'm intrigued by lesbian football teams and waterfalls :) 




 That was my first thought lol 




 What's your overall point? 




 A lot of people feel bad for Morello but I just can't find any sympathy for her. 




 ~~Heart~~

Hart 




 I'm pretty sure Gender Identity Disorder and dysphoria are classified as psychological issues

[Source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gender_identity_disorder)
 




 Not OP but sometimes it is hard to deal with, it gets tiring after awhile. But I also know who I am, as well as my friends and family, all that we've accomplished. Most of the POC I know don't fit any one of the common stereotypes I see, so I know it's bullshit. I see a lot of the racist people on Reddit as ignorant and uncultured, and definitely not qualified to speak for "the black community". 




 My (black) church gets student for the university nearby all the time. We treat them like nice people who are interested in worship because that's what they normally are. I grew up in white Catholic churches and always was treated decently. 




 My worst nightmare was giving a presentation where I had to say "rural" like 34 times. I sounded like I was mentally challenged by the end, cant pronounce that word for the life of me. 




 That sounds really interesting. How did you end up in that specialty or is this your first PA job?  




 I didn't understand why she threw the turtle in the first place? 




 Or....

**HEDD2016** 




 You echo my thoughts exactly. 




 spicy salsa plus tobacco

Quite the recipe you've got there. 




 I think it's the fact that people don't see rice, black beans, protein, and cheese as calorie culprits as obviously as say McDonald's or other fast food. I think cutting the tortilla helps a lot.  




 What's the difference? I've never heard this word before! 




 Thanks for clearing that up. Even if the ad wasn't trying to be racist I still couldn't understand the point of the ad. 




 What? 




 This might sound dumb, but I used to be offended by the word "cis" because people were calling me a term that I didn't identify with. I knew what cis meant, "identifying with your assigned gender". I just didn't feel like I have a "gender" and I still feel that way sometimes. I have my biological sex which includes ovaries, breasts, and vag, personality, etc. I can't honestly say I feel I have some innate sense of womanhood anywhere in my being. 




 It's about culture and nationality, not skin color alone. Racial classification in the US isn't common outside the US.

Source: Mom is dark skinned Dominican, calls herself Latina- Dominican and nothing else. 




 I think the op is comparing Trans to other minority groups and saying they don't kill themselves due to depression caused by discrimination. 




 Nonbinary, meaning not male or female identifying.  




 Do you mean intersexed people?  




 On point. 




 Or the plot of Back Door Sluts 9 




 From what I read it seems they offer funding to public health programs that aim to reduce smoking, HIV/AIDs transmission, and reduce health disparities in minorities. It's not like a hospital is giving out free prescriptions and CAT scans.  




 Do you have a source on the quota for minority students? 




 How does being black give you easier access to health care?  




 I wish someone would tell my depression that:( 




 What happened?  




 T 




 Next commercial spot lol 




 What's wrong with saying female?  




 Saltier than Lot's wife.  




 Yup as an Iowan, I'm sad this is why we're being mentioned on Reddit for once.  




 Tonight we ride!  




 Black vape user here 




 The fuck?  




 Any advice about merging onto the highway? 




 I'm not weighing it, estimating with my fitness pal and with the nutrition facts on the back if it comes with that.  









 Yeah definitely. They're pretty strong and frequent too. 




 Lol sometimes my mom will be cutting potatoes for dinner and I'll grab a piece.  




 something, something White privilege. 




 HAES 




 Lobster. Nothing sexy about trying to crack a shell open and slathering the meat in butter. 




 Baby bear? 




 Nibble on it you heathen! 




 Eating raw potatoes makes my teeth feel really scummy for some reason. 




 Best way to piss my gf off? Eat one of those in bed right before she gets in. *Evil laughter* 




 Circumcise it. 




 Sorry you had a bad experience, maybe try finding another beautician.

I had the exact opposite experience about a month ago. I've had long relaxed since I was kid and recently decided I wanted to transition. Went to a new stylist and she refused to BC it because she couldn't understand why I'd want short natural hair:( 




 Writhing, back arching, deep moans, vaginal contractions...SPLOOSH!

My leg muscles tightened up once so bad it turned into a charlie horse. 




 1. http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/2ztwk3/severus_gate_agent_snape/


2. https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/3804xj/so_apparently_snape_works_at_american_airlines/crr8lkp 




 May I.....Slytherin? 




 [More Snapes on a plane](http://ak-hdl.buzzfed.com/static/enhanced/webdr02/2013/8/9/11/enhanced-buzz-14842-1376062662-10.jpg) 




 Hufflepuff boarding before Gryffindor? *Shots fired* 




 You sound like a good boyfriend:) 




 Exactly. My mother grew up through segregated schools and her sister's arm got broken by a cop for attempting to go. My rage level was through the roof reading that thread. 




 As a woman I'm not sure whether to feel sorry for you or afraid. Honestly, it's a mix of both. 




 I hate Tyler Perry not only because he plays into stereotypes but he's sexist as well imo.  




 You people sounds accusatory and like you're generalizing someone. My people is about being united and having things in common. 




 Triple minority here. It's not about skin color, it's about being united by certain experiences, struggles, and circumstances.  




 I'm guessing he's calling them his people because they're united by the same struggle and experiences, to a point.  




 Bingo. My grandparents lived through Jim Crow. My mom was around when schools were still segregated in the south. Our family was lucky to be able to move to the Midwest so their kids could get a decent education. This shit wasn't so long ago. 




 Give me an example? 




 It's speaking ghetto or hood. And it's a dialect not an accent. 




 misinformation 




 Interesting. I feel like most schools do but I'll do some research.  




 I'm not a jerk:) 




 How important is the GRE score in comparison to everything else (gpa, letters of rec, personal statement etc)? 
























 That's light skinned to you? I'm the same color and both my parents are black. 




 There's the commuter lot, which is free and the Orange will take him into campus. 




 Can confirm. 




 Good to see some changes happening. I wasn't impressed when I went in and the doctor googled my symptoms...I could have done that. 




 I think if you look on the Iowa State DOR webpage they might have a link to a Youtube series where they give a virtual tours of the dorms.

I lived in Maricopa (near Walton) last year and absolutely loved it. The apartment was clean, well furnished, and fairly close to the Cyride Red Bus line. I had my own private bathroom and my bed was lofted, not sure if yours will be. Good area overall to live in. 

Edit: Someone mentioned Walton being far away, it is quite far by bus but if you have a car not bad. Away from the chaos of campus but Welch is still within decent distance so you can hit bars and such. 




 Are you fucking serious? I'm Black, with a Master's degree and I work for a company developing immunotherapies for people with cancer. Are you really telling me I need to be abducted because I'm such a drag on society? Along with my engineer father, lawyer sister, and everyone else in my family? Your logic doesn't add up.

 




 Curry 




 As another 24 year old, get off my lawn you scallywag! 




 As an broke-ass Iowan, I agree. 




 That song started playing in my head as soon as I read your comment. 




 I know there are natural hair subs but r/blackladies is much more active :) Right now I'm about 6 months into my transition from relaxed to natural hair. I also work out about 3x a week. My question: is it easier to maintain natural hair and work out, because you're not sweating it out? Or did you find relaxed hair easier to care for?

Also any tips for weaning of a relaxer are welcome! I don't have much of a support network at home :/ 




 Endometriosis can implant within the vagina?  




 No, I haven't. I spend a decent amount of time in this sort of conversations on Reddit. I'll be sure to ELI5 next time.  




 I'm well aware that it's not intrinsic to any people and occurs across many demographics. I was acknowledging that fact that I've encountered a couple people with that mentality in my life, the last being over 4th of July weekend. Overall people are overwhelmingly supportive, they believe in my more than I do. I'm not sure what your point is.  




 I was acknowledging there are some people who act that way, not all by any means. And I'm a woman from a middle class family.  




 What are talking about? I meant there have been campuses considering removing male and female designated bathrooms and making them coed- so both can use. I didn't mention players transitioning...

Edit: And women can play college football. 




 Hey im all of these except disabled (hopefully it stays that way). Yay for statistical unicorns.  




 I volunteer to be one of said scantily clad lesbians.  




 Do you know what "job specialty" you want to go in? Sorry if that's not the right terminology. When I was thinking about the Navy I really wanted to be a Medical Corpsmen. 




 Nothing. Quick someone recommend something on Netflix to binge on. Already seen Dexter, Breaking Bad, OITNB 




 My weed supply is low and my dealer moved away :( 




 [Spy Kids 2](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0287717/)

[Spy Kids 3-D](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0338459/) 




 Yeah I've met people like that, their mentality is fucked up and poisonous. Same people who scoff at me for being in graduate school "you're gonna study your life away." Nope making a better one for myself. I'm extremely lucky my family is nothing like that. 




 Excellent response. Echoed my thoughts exactly. 




 Way too focused on how she looks. I thought objectification was something women wanted to overcome. 




 Where do genderqueer and agender people fit into this little schema? 




 I never had an opinion on the trans movement until it became commonplace for trans people to try and make me call myself cis. If you don't want someone to tell you what to label yourself, respect other people's desires as well. 




 Agreed. It's insane such a small percentage of the population has people thinking about coed bathrooms on campus and such. The idea of trying to change my tampon while a football player is shitting 10 feet away is unsettling.  




 Thanks for recognizing this. Hope that wasn't sarcasm. 




 I think people still talk about slavery as a relevant issue because the effects of it are still visible today. From slavery came share cropping, then Jim Crow and segregation, from these ghettos developed and red lining. Gentrification is currently a problem as well as racial profiling and sentencing discrepancies. All of these are the results of slavery. My family members were alive for all of these but slavery.

I don't hold white people responsible for the things of the past, a few people caused problems for many. Also, just because I wasn't a slave doesn't mean I can't feel pain when my grandmother talks to me about segregated schools or getting hit with firehoses. All of that stemmed from slavery. I'm not arguing with your position, just providing alternative perspective. 




 I think some people see the Trans-Atlantic slave trade as unique because it was one of the few where slaves were made slaves because of their skin color and assumed inferiority alone. Other forms of slavery were due to war, debt, tribal issues etc. It also went on for an extremely long time. 




 Black person here. IMO removing the flag isn't going to change anything. People are going to hold hate and discrimination in their hearts regardless of what fucking flag is allowed. Shitty response to the Charleston shooting. 




 How did you figure out you had it? 




 Hello, me :( 




 So do you produce more cum than the average man? 




 Loves cats and puppies, hates black people.  




 What does the R stand for?  




 Any chance there's a video of that Williams match?  




 Ok I see what you were saying. Thanks for the clarification.  




 I think I understand what you're saying. You're fine with your body and the biological label "woman". But you also don't feel you have a so called "female brain" or identity. I'm the same way.  




 This doesn't erase her experience of being raped. That's like saying other people have it worse so you don't get to feel bad.  




 This argument doesn't really work. Skin and eye color are partially dependent on the number of people with those traits reproducing. Percentage of Cis and Trans people are consistent no matter what the population.  




 So should we create another label for straight people who are sexually active but don't want kids or are infertile?  




 Does that hurt? 




 The cops on my campus have this method of sticking an arm pressure cuff between the door and the frame, inflating, and then sticking something inside to pull the locks. Saved my ass during finals. Maybe you should invest in something similar. 




 You ever get so high, you experience time warp? Like time seems like it has stopped. *4 hours gone by?, nope only 20 minutes.* 




 I need a new beer to try. No IPAs. 




 Run into an old friend and replay the conversation over and over, cringing at the things you said. 

*God I'm so awkward, she knows what a loser I am.* 




 Is there a um, subreddit featuring this? 




 Question from an Iowan. How terrible are the winters in Denver? For example in Iowa, we'll probably get 40 inches annually with temps around 25, which isn't terrible. At worst, January and February we'll get a week or 2 of temps around -17 with wind chill. How does Denver compare?  




 You're cute :) Lobster face aside. 




 Dammit. Upvote for catching that. 




 I was confused by OP. Nevermind. 




 No, I know exactly what I posted. It's well known that blacks are more likely to be poor so therefore more likely to take out government assistance. So, what? You haven't posted anything that proves you as a white person are being taxed more than any other American citizen for welfare regardless of who's taking it out. SOLID FUCKING GOLD!

Also, I didn't see your point about any of the things you posted having to do with nonexistence of white privilege. Sentencing discrepancies between races, wage gap, loan applications, profiling, I could go on for days. And if affirmative action was done away with Asians would dominate white college acceptance, especially STEM fields.  




 So for the past year or so, I've been battling with my service provider to fix this error: DNS_Probe_Finished_Bad_Config.

Whenever this error occurs I can't used internet for about 15 minutes, it happens multiple times per day. Since Pavlov Media's customer support is bullshit, thought maybe someone one here had advice on how to fix? I don't even know what it means really. Thanks!

I have an HP Envy computer, bought in 2014. Works on other networks, so I'm sure it's not the laptop nor the router (Belkin).  




 Do you have any statistics to back up your feelings?

[Affirmative action](http://ideas.time.com/2013/06/17/affirmative-action-has-helped-white-women-more-than-anyone/)

[Welfare myths](http://www.forwardprogressives.com/6-myths-welfare-recipients-debunked/) 




 Titillating.  




 Jus' sayin. 




 Maybe it means keep your eyelids open? Like if your eyes are closed they're "unpeeled". 




 Octothorp, you peasants. 




 For all intensive purposes, I don't agree with you... 




 I'm beginning to become concerned by this thread. I'm a woman and I sit with my legs wide open because it's simply more comfortable than squeezing them together. Maybe I'm man shaped :( 




 It probably just looks bad. I'm a girl and my mom told me take my hand out of my pants as a kid all the time. Said it looks inappropriate. I like the warmth. 




 Netflix talking to you. Simple as that 




 That's great. I'm in the biomedical industry so it's a little difficult to get a ton of relevant experience prior to graduation.  




 Amazon Prime video has Hey Arnold episodes. 




 They have alot of these available to watch on Amazon Prime video. I binged on Hey Arnold! and Rugrats the other day. No shame. 




 Your description is starting to turn me on man, stop it. 




 3-5 years of experience for an entry level position. GTFOH. 




 Especially not in dry socks. 




 Yasss 




 Now get in the van. 




 What if someone had this plus claustrophobia? Where the fuck would you go. 




 I need to know the science behind this. Why is it so cringey? Just imagining it right now is awful. 




 I mentioned this elsewhere in this thread but I feel the same way about rubbing certain fabrics together. Especially velvet. Did it as a kid (between my teeth) and it's the worst sensation ever.

 




 Same with the thought of grinding fabrics like velvet between my teeth. Did it as a kid and it's the worst sensation ever. 




 So black people should wear suits to Walmart and to get their oil changed? 




 Shower arguments happen more for me than real life arguments. 




 On Reddit, oftentimes 




 I've got the acid and plastic barrels ready. 




 May I ask how old you are? 




 What was it? I missed it. 




 Your username sounds hispanic lol 




 Did they enjoy the singing? 




 Black comes in all shades bro, there's nothing wrong with claiming biracial or mixed either if that's what you prefer. My younger cousin is Black and Vietnamese and that's what he does, he's even lighter than you lol.
 




 I honestly think you're quite cute, full lips are attractive on either gender. I wouldn't have noticed the asymmetry, if you hadn't pointed it out. It's not obvious imo. If you don't think a shorter hair will help, how about shaping or styling it? Your hair texture is decent. Looking at style pics online could help and ask opinions from friends. 




 For me, it makes me feel unsafe. Speaking as a survivor of sexual assault. 




 Most chicks wear yoga pants because they're comfy and work with most outfits.

Source:female 




 I'd suggest a haircut. And it's weird I've never heard "effeminate" and "African features" in the same sentence before. If you want to appear more masculine, try different clothes and lifting weights. You might want to talk with someone about your race issues as well. 




 If I'm trying to understand how someone came to certain conclusion, I ask for the specific article they read. Force of habit really. In my field of work if you make a claim, you provide a reference as well. Otherwise it's hard to be taken seriously.  




 You were looking especially hot on Friday man. 




 My little buddy. 




 Ha mom compliments. "You're not fat, you're soft." 




 I actually heard this from an Asian girl once. But she was from Oakland and I'm from the Midwest so it's not shocking Iowans are a little more easygoing. 




 I feel your pain. I've gotten, "You're really pretty for a black girl!" I'm floored people have no idea this type of stuff hurts. 




 I honestly don't understand your viewpoint. I'm Black and grew up surrounded by lots of other black people and have yet to become a criminal, just got my master's degree in fact. How many black people do you know on a personal level? 




 You got a source on that "higher testosterone" claim and it's link to violence in black males?

And I think you should learn the difference between culture and environment. I grew up on rap music and surrounded by other (middle class) black people but still manged to get a master's degree and on my way to medical school.  




 That's gentrification not self-segregation 




 Not really. Modern slavery is mostly based on profit and debt. Only allowed because of government corruption or ignorance, not "culture". Transatlantic slavery developed into being based on skin color. From a college website if you care to read:

 "Racial slavery played an intrinsic and indispensable part in New World settlement. The institution was no abnormality, no aberration, no marginal feature; rather, its development is the grim and irrepressible theme governing the development of the Western Hemisphere. The truly distinctive features of North American (and to varying degrees, New World) slavery were its racial bedrock and its thoroughly commercial character. Nevertheless, however it happened, slavery became indelibly linked with people of African descent in the Western Hemisphere. The dishonor, humiliation, and bestialization that were universally associated with chattel slavery merged with blackness in the New World. The racial factor became one of the most distinctive features of slavery in the New World (12).

New World slavery's other most distinctive aspect was its highly commercial character. While it is true that plantations -- that is, large agricultural enterprises, managed for profit, producing a crop for export, with a hierarchically stratified labor organization -- existed outside the New World, they reached their apogee there. The economies of scale, the expansion in unit size, the almost exclusive use of black slaves, a highly regimented and commodified labor force, and a system of close management all raised profit levels significantly."


 **Historical or Modern slavery causes:**

* Bonded labour or debt bondage from  familial poverty or owed payments
* Serfdom
* Child slavery
* Marital and sexual slavery
* Immigrants 
* People captured during wartime

Source: http://apcentral.collegeboard.com/apc/members/courses/teachers_corner/49355.html

http://www.bbc.co.uk/ethics/slavery/modern/modern_1.shtml 




 Even if a person wasn't a slave themselves, being a descendant of that legacy still has an effect. For example, my mom and aunt grew up in Jim Crow and segregated schools. My aunt got her arm broken for attempting to go to a white school in the south. I didn't but it still hurts to know people you cared about suffered through that. Empathy isn't limited in that way. 




 AFAIK slavery in the US was quite different than what previously occurred and what is happening currently. The trans-Atlantic slave trade and segregation was maintained because of beliefs about white superiority, which had never happened before.

I know this thread is old, but felt the need to point that out. 




 You can be any major and go to medical school as long as you complete the prerequisites.  




 Iowa, unfortunately. Moving soon hopefully. 




 Eugene, Oregon?

How's Asheville? I heard it's lesbian-utopia. 




 Feeling the thrill of being immune to a guy's attempt to seduce or flirt with you. *You have no power here!* 




 How are UTIs and bad hygiene a lesbian thing? 




 It's called Good Hair... 
























