 Hadn't heard the word anhedonia until you mentioned it, seems fitting. I do genuinely try new things all the time but I just can't find a single thing I'm good at. I want something I can do when I'm bored or stressed or need to unwind.

Can't go back to therapy, it's too expensive. It was great but I felt like I was paying money to talk to a wall. My therapist never gave me feedback. 




 So happy for you, that's great! I really want something like that to come along for me 
























 Adventure time :) 

I would go back but it's so expensive. It's almost a day's wages for an hour session of just taking to someone who doesn't talk back to me.  




 I bought a drawing software for my tablet recently and I've been kinda...doodling haha. 
























 I find it really discouraging when I don't make progress though :/ I took up guitar too actually, no clue how people play it. music is really mathematical to me. 




 Wow that bird is gorgeous! 
























 I like that advice ♡  




 Yeah I have heard that. I just couldn't afford to at the time. Nah, I don't. 
























 Yeah I'll definitely give that a go. I definitely feel like I have a creative mind but just nowhere to release ideas onto and it's frustrating me. I just don't feel like I have a "thing" to enjoy or relax me. 




 Haha sport has the opposite effect on me! I'm overweight and seriously unfit even though I've done gymnastics, ballet, dancing, yoga, cycling, running...you name it. I gained weight a few years ago and despite starving myself within an inch of my life and increasing my exercise I haven't lost any weight in two years. I'm now eating normally and doing Pilates 3 times a week on top of a job where I can't sit down and I've actually gained.

I wouldn't willingly exercise though. I find it boring. 
























 Yes! Exactly my thoughts! He'd always close his notebook and that was the signal a session was over.

Thanks, you're so sweet! 




 That's exactly how I feel. I mean my boyfriend has shown me things he used to doodle in class as kid and there amazing, they're so detailed and so complicated for his age. Other kids used to think I was great at drawing when I was the same age but I never progressed from that level even after doing art in school for 4 years (had to swap classes because the teachers said it wasn't my "thing" and I'd be better off doing something else and that really stuck with me) 
























 Wow! Your reply made me laugh :) thanks for such a detailed response. I've got all your links open in the other tabs and I'm going to check them all out. 

Your last paragraph got me the most, it really hit home (I do have a confidence and self-esteem problem) I'm going to use it as motivation! Thanks again ♡ 




 I don't really enjoythe process of anything if I spend hours of work and I've nothing to show for it though :/ 
























 Not really, no. I mean, if we're talking about positive feelings, I've nothing much to lose. I don't see people close to me with the same problems. 




 I'm leaning towards writing and drawing, I always come back to them. I don't really see the point of doing things I don't enjoy or that frustrate me. I doubt people feel that way very often or they wouldn't keep it up. I've never kept anything I've written or drawn, I always throw it out or delete it, I get that angry at my own work. 
























 Thanks, you're so kind ♡ 




 Oh good god. It's a great idea and thank you but origami is so frustrating. I get what you mean in the last paragraph though :) I love helping kids construct things :) 
























 Such a great response, thanks! i relate to a lot of that. Actually I always imagined when I get my own house some day, I'll have a huge fish tank. Totally agree with you, fish are so relaxing. I'd love to get some now but I can't see my parents being happy about that since I live with them. I'm starting a big transformation on my bedroom and hopefully I'll have a little room when I'm done for something like that? :D

I'd hire you, if I had a pet shop.  




 I'll try, thanks so much x 




 That's exactly it! 
























