 Throwaway.

Need your kind advise on how I can get approved on SSDI for depression. I applied once 3 months ago but I left my application incomplete (didn't resond to SS Admin's follow-up questions) and so was denied.
 
1. Is it true that I must apply and be denied two more times before I can appeal?

I have been depressed since childhood but wasn't diagnosed until my mid 30s (I'm male, 57, those were different times). 

I am also documented as extremely allergic to all SSRI since I was first diagnosed (extreme, explosive dihreahha beginning within 2 hours of ingestion, and then every 45 minutes, lasting for 14 hours). 

For 25 years, docs kept trying other SSRIs, one after another (even though I always told them about past extreme side effects), hoping I wouldn't react. I would always abandon each due to the same side effects.

Now 25 years after diagnosis,knowing what we know now, we've tried all the other, older meds but they don't work.

2. How best for me to proceed with the next two claims?

3. Any protips, things to watch out for?

Thanks 




 ScumbagInc, do you know about /r/depression? 
























 Thanks. Attorney took 25% of the amount accumulated since you first filed and were denied or that *and* 25% of SSDI into the future, too? I ask because, is there a minimum money involved for them to be interested?

Edit: also was the SSI appointed lawyer the one who won your grant, or some other? 




 Also, watch /r/IAmA. I am about to post (in 8 minutes) an IAmA request for anyone who has tips on getting approved for Social Security Disability Insurance due to depression (request for recipients, social workers and attorneys). 
























 There was a specific judge who envisioned the power of electronic communication in the future (today) and ruled to break up ma bell (AT T). Also huge was the TeleCommunication Act of 1996 (where Bill Clinton and Congress gave media corporations the digital spectrum free of charge).

You should look for docs on Comm history or Comm law. I remember seeing one or two of them in college. They were PBS or 60 minutes or something maybe.

Edit: email any media professor and you'll get a list. 




 Most unfortunate on so many levels. 
























 Much of what you expressed here is explained very well by the Jungian concept of [Shadow Self](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shadow_%28psychology%29). It's very normal and understanding it can put you in control of it.

If the Wikipedia article makes any sense don't stop there. There is a wealth of information on the web about Jungian psychology and the Shadow Self. 




 Great advise. I'm 57, wasn't diagnosed until my mid-30s and am highly allergic to SSRIs, the go-to family of meds that are known to work for most depressions. We still haven't found a med that can help me but SSRIs will help 90+% of the people who need them. 

Depression worsened for me with age. So if I must suffer so greatly what is the point of living? Only to advise and encourage others through my knowledge and experience.

As you so wisely put it,

Don't leave it until it's too late. Nothing is going to change unless you make it. 

People at risk need to be continually encouraged to endure until an effective treatment is found. On one hand we want and are taught to be strong and "pull ourselves up" but on the other hand, if anybody had ever looked me in the eyes and told me, "This is a life-long, life-threatening problem for you that you cannot ignore," I might have listened. No one told me.

Like you, I was permitted to abandon my treatment time and time again. The mental health bureaucrats can only do so much. Their job is to help in a clinical setting. But outside of that setting it is up to people like you and I to try to make a difference for people at risk through our encouragement.

The only thing left for me is to try to encourage others to avoid the mistakes that I have made and I've succeeded in a few cases I think and there is satisfaction and gratification that. 
























 Because it is a competition. Competition is a law of nature; it is an archetype. Also, in this monolithic capitalist monstrosity we call America, we are taught that success in economic competition equates to a higher social stature. If you are American, what you feel is completely normal.

It is difficult to maintain one's beliefs if they are in direct contradiction to everything that we know and are taught but to do so is the sole indicator of true individuality and that is something we are also taught to aspire to. 

Plus, it helps to align one's self with like-minded people; there is greater strength in numbers. 




 One on one went well, group didn't go well.

Gave up after trying just one group? Group helped me more than anything but it wasn't until the 3rd group that I found one that helped and it helped greatly.

I have huge problems with AA/12 step-type programs but among the few things they got right is this: you cannot help a substance abuser until the abuser hits bottom and wants to help himself. So go ahead and drive yourself down further if that's what it takes. But to some extent, we each get to choose our bottom; it is a choice.

I self-medicated for 40 years; just understand that you are self medicating (all substance abusers are).

What I would like to do, is go back in time ...

Alcohol will take you there and keep you there. You think you wasted time? Again, I wasted 40 years with self-medication. The only healthy choice is to move forward and alcohol will prevent you from ever moving forward.

But you already know all this. 
























 Yea, slip back but not all the way. enough for much discomfort without a fear of a complete crash (so far). 

But many other things this doc has said (and not said, as in shoulders shrugged when a response was clearly mandatory) make me want to drop this doc. I really hate changing doctors but this is just kind of the limit.

Doc just prescribes meds (no counseling) but sees fit to make discouraging comments about my present state and future prospects when that is the last thing a depressed person needs to hear. 

Time to move on to a different doc.

Thanks. 




 Mostly seems to stem from the fact that antidepressants lose much -- but not all of their effectiveness on me within a few months. I've never had anything that could remotely be considered a manic episode in my life -- not even close.

Edit: okay just looked at symptoms of "hypomania", too. Extreme stretch only in that I can be competitive but not even overtly. As for the rest ...

decreased need for sleep, are extremely outgoing and competitive, and have a great deal of energy. 

..not even close. 
























 Throwaway. I do this mostly to educate or dispel stigmata attached to homelessness and mental illness in the U.S.. I will not entertain any job offers or any form of assistance, cash or otherwise (thank you kindly just the same).

Some background:

* have slept outdoors for 23 months in a region where winters are very mild
* clean-cut, clean-shaven and well-enough-dressed. The only way you would know I'm homeless is if you stumbled upon me at my urban camp site
* laid-off from an okay job with benefits in April 2009 due to state budget cuts
* BA degree in Communication
* medicated for major depression, otherwise mostly healthy
* drug-free and sober
* possessions are only a sleeping bag, some clothes, a small backpack and a laptop with case
* I travel in the same circles as other homeless people but am acquainted with only a few. 




 Duty now for the future. 
























 I estimate I have emailed 1700 resumes over the last two years with only 5 interviews. I have been getting the help of a nonprofit organization for the last month to try to find a job. 




 I take Bupropion (Wellbutrin) 300mg. it worked for the first 3 months but is starting to fail. I am highly allergic to every other SSRI so trying different meds has been a 25 year failed experiment. 
























 Before what? 




 I receive $200 in food stamps per month. Yes, am still looking (see above). I am not super close with my siblings and have kept my unemployment and homelessness a secret from them out of embarrassment. 
























 Not really dire at all. I'm well nourished and water is free. :p I can chill for as long as it takes. Yes, I've tried fast food, dishwasher, retail and temp. 

I wasn't really looking for sympathy with this. I was hoping to shed some light on the dynamic of mental illness combined with homelessness based on my experience and my observations of other homeless over the past two years. Thanks. 




 Thank you. 




 Urban camp is just outside the city in a park that is pretty wild. Coyotes and owls at night and only an occasional jogger in the early morning.

A local nonprofit gives me a mailing address to use and I can shower there every other day. 

There's a college nearby with public WIFI and LAN access.

I do a job search on all the major job boards, customize my resume or cover letter and sen them off. that takes two or three hours. If there is a job close by that wants applicants to apply in person, I'll go do that. Otherwise I cruise the net, do some reading or socialize at the college. 




 Communication (singular brainiac). 




 I have applied for many of these types of jobs, retail and even dishwasher. I did dishwasher as a temp and didn't mind it at all. Thing is, it is an employer's market and if I am overqualified for this type of job, they seem to want to play it safe by hiring someone who does not have upward ambitions as soon as the economy improves. I am getting help finding a job through a nonprofit agency and in theory, they should be able to help overcome this obstacle. 




 Thanks for the well wishes. I have had the help of family before but there comes a point where it becomes a burden to them and also to me for asking.

I have a fixed mailing address and have a Google Voice number with a microphone headset so I am not really disconnected in that sense. Thanks again. 




 LOL! 
























