 what the ever loving fuck 




 in light of recent events, thank you for this. i had almost given up on the human spirit 
























 I have been thinking about communicating thoughts and emotions through feeling with other people, and I realized something.
We may never truly communicate and empathize, so long as we depend on 26 letters to hurl our thoughts into open space. 




 but what was on the back? 
























 TIL snipes are real 





























 it's my first, he's a champ 





























 Thank you so much, I'll remember that. 




 ah yes the american savannah beasts 
























 Thank you, my mother is an extremely negative person and although she doesn't mean to, she makes me feel very hopeless. I was nervous to post about this because I didn't know if anyone would care but the response (and the responses I see here every day) give me so much hope. 




 I cried when reading this but I think it was happy tears. Thank you, this was an immense help 
























 I'm going to remember that, I mean everyone recites the whole 'it's medicine hakuna matata' monologue but for a while I felt like I wasn't myself because they were making me into a different person, happy or not. I guess it.doesn't affect my personality, just my mood. It's an assist but not life support.  




 I wouldn't make this judgement for others, but even though I'm not ashamed of being medicated, I still strongly want to avoid becoming dependent or relying on them to feel good. Everything that happened today brought that fear more into light, and although I have an illness I guess I just wish I could be okay on my own. 
























 That feels like such a revelation, all the comments here are so completely inspiring and all I can think is- wow, this never occurred to me but you all are right. Thank you seriously this improved my outlook a lot. I'm still getting used to the shiny new issues that have been assigned to me, and every bit of support helps me get a little farther along in the journey (cliche party \m/ ) I'm sure this is how everyone in this subreddit feels and I hope I can help people too 




 I have, the amount of support for total strangers here is staggering. This is my first post here and I want to become more involved 
























 Thank you, a lot that you said (minus the quote) are things I've heard from my therapist and psych but hearing (reading?) it from someone here somehow feels more personal and inspiring. All I can really say to everyone is thank you, I'm very grateful for the support. 
And yes, my mom has difficulty with depression. She treats it + me with it + the meds, hell, all of it, like something so dirty and shameful. :/ 




 That makes perfect sense, and I hope it turns out that way. The thing is, I told my psych that I've been depressed multiple times in my life and he drew the conclusion that it was likely hereditary and therefore an issue I was always going to have. (chemical and not environmental) So if I weened off, chances are I'd have to get back on at some point. So, I suppose this is something I need to come to better terms with. Again, I'm not ashamed, just afraid of dependency. 
























 What restaurant? I live in phoenix. 




 What is my ship doing on trees oh 




 /hug 
This sounds like a dangerous position. I think I know where you're coming from, if you want someone to talk to feel free to PM me. Just know you're never alone :) 
Edit: I've had problems with medication, but I think you should talk to a doctor or therapist. I have no place to judge, but the sleeping pills sound harmful to you. Speaking from experience, you should try developing more healthy habits and getting in touch with people you have a more solid relationship with.  




 The thing about being diagnosed is that it solidified my problem and made it into something that needed to be TREATED, rather than just feeling sad and thinking that doing something fun or taking some time for myself could help. In a way, (at least for me) it was easier to deal with when there was no concrete solution, somehow. I don't know if anyone else experienced this 




 Thanks for the reading material :) I'm glad I started treatment relatively early. I guess for a while I've thought of it as 'crazy' because of the stereotype the media puts on people with depression. Besides, at 16 it's hard not to feel crazy. Especially since being 'crazy' and having all sorts of issues somehow makes you cool and sexy... That annoys me to no end 
























