 (TRIGGER WARNING: PHOTOS OF SELF HARM SCARS)

http://imgur.com/a/DSP1C


The above links to photos of my scars. They are about three years old, very white in color now, and pretty noticeable against my olive-ish skin. I've finally started to venture out in shorts and tank tops since the summer has been scorching, but I get tons of people commenting and staring. I'm a nanny and have been looking for a new family to work for, but it's hard bc I don't want the kids or parents to see my scars. In the past I've had parents let me go because of my self harm scars. These scars have been debilitating my self-esteem and it makes living a "normal" healthy life post-depression and self harm kind've difficult. 

What are the best ways to fade self harms scars? They haven't changed much in the last year, and are still very noticeable so I'm afraid that if I don't do something, they will stay like this for the foreseeable future.  
























 You sound a lot like my brother. He's 20 and he recently asked out a girl for the first time. He got rejected. He's very insecure and the rejection left him saying things like "I'm not meant to be in a relationship" and crap like that. Unless you think getting rejected won't take a shot at your self-esteem, I would "work" on yourself more.   
























 I forgot what it's called and a google search failed but I've had those bumps all over my body since I was a kid. Recently they made their way to my face as well, so I started using CeraVe (moisurizer) on them... and they vanished in a matter of a couple weeks. I imagine they'd work on the bumps on my body as well but it's too much of a hassle rn lol 
























 Oops you guys are right - what I have is Keritosis. It looked very similar my mistake 
























 I'm a quarter away from getting my Associates in Art (general studies). My original plan was to get an AA with an emphasis in English, which is my school's equivalent of a major. Unfortunately, the job I had at the time was during the day so I wasn't able to take the all the English courses I needed. So I opted for general studies instead. I'm 20 years old now, and I don't know what to major in anymore. I've yet to apply to a single university. 

I had always dreamed of being a writer or editor of some sort, but that was back when I had a passion for reading and writing. After I moved out of my mom's house and started working and going to school, I've probably read 3 or 4 novels. Written a couple pieces of poetry and prose. My writing abilities have suffered immensely, and I've lost most of the passion I had for it. 

Now, when I ask myself what I enjoy doing the most, and what I would never be able to give up, the answer is music. I took up guitar and singing a couple years after I discovered how much I loved reading and writing, and though I don't practice as much as I used to these days, it's what I love to do the most. But I realize it's not a practical career, and I've been told many times over that college is a waste of time for what I'd like to do with music. 

I used to live in LA, and I was playing at cafés and bars at the age of 16. This was because I had a couple connections. Independent labels were approaching me, but I was too naive and still loved writing too much to take them seriously (plus there was drama concerning my mom, which I won't get into). I moved to Seattle a couple years later, and I feel like that time has passed (so have the connections). Moving back to LA right now isn't really an option, either. I've heard the University of Washington has a good music program, but I'm still wary. Has anyone here had a good experience with studying in music/do you know anyone that has?

TDLR; I can't decided if I should major in music, because I've been told it's a waste of time. 
























 When I'm truly happy, I feel like I can accomplish anything, and I feel like a totally different person from the depressed self-loathing human being that I usually am. When I'm depressed, I can't even IMAGINE being happy. I literally cannot remember what it feels like, and I am unable to bring myself out of it. 

I get into a 'happy' mood at least every other day, for around a couple hours, and sometimes it'll come on every day. All the other hours of the day are usually miserable. At some point during the happy episode, I remember that I don't deserve to be happy. I tell myself so much crap just so I can go back to being a miserable shit. Things like, "You're ugly. You're useless, you've accomplished nothing. You have no friends, you're a loser. Why on earth would you be happy right now?" It's so frustrating bc OF COURSE I won't accomplish anything or make any friends when I'm depressed. The only way to stop being a "loser" is to keep being happy. But I'm not allowed to be happy because I'm a loser. And the cycle goes on.

Does anyone else experience this sort of inner self-talk/vicious cycle? I desperately want to get out of it. 
 
























 My experience wasn't too bad. I was 17, the oldest there, and probably the most sane, so it was a little scary, being surrounded by people who had a hard time controlling themselves. I was only there for three days, and 3 of the kids there got "bootyjuiced", which is a sedative injected into your ass, and then tossed into a 10x10 room with nothing in it but a small square window in the door. I was miserable, however. My mom packed me a duffle bag with books and clothes, which I was able to keep, but all the drawstrings and shoe laces were confiscated. I had a room with 10 beds all to myself, and I was allowed to stay in my room as long as I liked. I saw the surveillance videos, and the bedrooms weren't being recorded. One of the nurses took pity on me and awarded me the ability to go off the ward, to the gym and the cafeteria and outside to go for walks. I was also allowed to use a razor to shave. I had pretty fresh self harm scars at that time so you can imagine my surprise. Technically you only get those privileges if you go to all the group sessions and participate in activities and "school", but I got lucky I guess. I complained so much to my assigned doctor that I wanted to leave, that he just let me go. The other 20 or so kids were held under very strict rules and watched like hawks. Wow I rambled on lol 
  
























 Of course this is the only feminist-related post I've ever seen on the front page of reddit.  
























 I was diagnosed with depression and anxiety when I was 15. After about a year and a half of trying a dozen or so different medications, I was FINALLY prescribed something that seemed to help. I was feeling much better, my self harm stopped/suicidal thoughts stopped, I became more social, I could focus on school/get things done. Then my mom noticed that I wasn't eating as much as I used to, and decided to do some research about the medication I was on.  She made me stop taking it immediately afterwards. She said that there was something called 'amphetamines' in it, and that it was bad (I know what it means now, lol). 

A couple months later I attempted suicide, and was put on a few more anti-depressants that did nothing for me until I moved away for college, and haven't been on anything since. I'm at a point right now where my boyfriend is literally begging me to get help, because of my current mental state. I've scheduled an appointment with a counselor, and I will be seeing a psychiatrist soon after. I really do not want to go through countless meds that I know will do nothing for me, but I don't want to seem like a drug seeker. I know I exhibit symptoms of ADD but they didn't come to surface until I was in middle school... so I highly doubt I will ever be diagnosed with it. I need help with how I would approach this subject with a psychiatrist.

 
























 so what do you do when you find out your bf cheated on you last summer and so you break up with him and he doesn't give a single fuck and finds a new girlfriend 2 days later and you have no friends how do you not killyourself? we live in the same house and i'm stuck here for the foreseeable future and i can hear him laughing and flirting with her on skype while i'm laying on my bedroom floor crying and feeling like shit AND feeling pathetic for it bc he doesn't give a single fuck. i'm sorry for the rant i just hate myself so much right now 




 My boyfriend kissed his "family" friend last summer. He never told me. His mom said something vague about something between them, so I asked my boyfriend, and he said he just thought about it and had a very "caught" look on his face. I didn't believe him so I turned to facebook, messaged said girl, and asked her what really happened. She said that while she was staying the night at their house, they stayed up late watching a movie, and instead of going upstairs my boyfriend got into her bed with her and kissed her. She said after that she told him to leave, because she felt sorry for me. I never would've thought that anything would ever go on between them, ever. I've been around her plenty of times, and I never noticed anything between them previous to this.

After about a week of thinking things through and talking with my boyfriend, I decided that I still wanted to be with him. He said that he was just horny and lonely, since at the time of the incident I had been away for two months. Then, last night, I asked him if he wants to go to bed with me (we live in his parents house and have separate bedrooms but usually sleep together), but he said that he had to stay up late to work on a paper. About 20 minutes later I go back into his room to borrow his charger, and I saw him go through about 10 photos of a pretty Korean girl on facebook. I asked him calmly what he was doing and he looked "caught" again and said that she was just a girl from school and that there were other people from his class in the photos too. The problem is, I know he has a thing for asian girls. He always has since I've known him (since he was 11 years old), and I've seen him looking at them plenty of times, whether it be at school, on facebook, or even when I came across a file of porn he had saved titled "Asian Girls". He is white and I'm only a quarter filipino, so I look white for the most part. After a week break/when we were talking through stuff, he admitted, on three occasions that I knew about but had never got a straight answer from him, that he liked three different girls (all asian) in the past, while we were together. All three girls were in relationships at the time. I think if he had the chance, something would have definitely happened... Anyway, I looked him in the eyes after he replied, and asked him to please be honest with me. He told me that she was a friend of a friend that he just noticed her in a profile picture, and decided to look through her profile bc he thought she was pretty. It just made me feel like shit. I'm glad he was honest, but I can't help it. I'll never look like all the girls he's always looking at/is interested in. It's taken a serious toll on my self-esteem. 

I don't know what to do at this point. It seems like this behavior will never end. However, I know he's young and so am I, and we've never been in a real relationship with anyone besides each other. I've never had a desire to be with anyone else while we we've been together. I've asked him multiple times why he wants to be in a relationship with me when it's obvious he wants to experience other people, but his response is always, "I don't want to be with anyone else. I don't know. I love you". I think he just has a problem with being lonely, and he likes the affection that I'm always giving him. I think it's hard for him to not have that, and maybe he's scared that he won't find/it will be a while before he does. If he finds someone while he's with me, then it would be easier for him. He'd just leave me and wouldn't have to have any lonely "in-between" time. He's going to Japan for a month and I don't trust him at all. I just don't know what to believe from him anymore. I always have to drag the truth out of him, and even then, I still can't tell if he's truly being honest with me. 

I can't imagine being without him. It kills me to think about it. But I'm wondering now if it's because leaving him would be a huge change for me. I live in Washington with him and his parents, and breaking up would probably mean going back to California to live with my family, which I don't really want to do. I talked to his mom about it and she said that I could still live here, but I think it would be too uncomfortable. Even though I told him to please leave me alone right now, he's been coming into my room and telling me he loves me and stuff, when I asked him not to come in without permission. We've been together so long, and he's all I know... I don't really have any other friends. This is probably one of the toughest decisions I've had to make thus far in my life, and I am so lost as to what to do.




tl;dr: My boyfriend kissed another girl last summer, never told me about it. He's also constantly interested in other (asian) girls while he's been with me, and I'm not sure if this behavior will ever end. We've never been in a relationship with anyone besides each other, so I think he just wants to experience other people, but has never admitted to it. I can't imagine being with anyone else. Thinking about leaving kills me. I don't know what to do.  




 I recently found out that my boyfriend kissed his long time "family" friend last summer while I was away. He said that he was just horny and lonely since I was gone for so long (2 months), and that it would never have happened otherwise. It's a long story but I asked him about it and he said nothing happened, then I asked the girl he kissed and she said that he got into bed with her, kissed her, and then she stopped him and told him to leave. After about a week of really thinking about it and talking and working on it, I decided I still wanted to make the relationship work. And then tonight, I ask if he will go to bed with me, but he said he couldn't bc he was working on a paper for school and would be up late. I check on him 20 mins later to say goodnight, and he's going through a pretty korean girl's profile pictures on facebook, and while I was standing there for not even a minute, he went through about ten of them. I ask him calmly why he was looking at her photos, and he says she's just a girl from school and there's other friend's of his in the photos. Then I ask him to look at me in the eyes and tell me the truth. He says that she was just a friend of a friend on facebook and he thought she was pretty so he decided to look through her photos. I explain to him how terrible it makes me feel, and he replies with, "Why is to so wrong?". 

He's always had an obsession with asian girls since I've known him. I'm mostly white and about a quarter filipino, but for the most part I look white. It just makes me feel so insecure and I think if he had the chance to be with an asian girl, he would. He as liked other girls in the past, on three occasions that he has admitted to while we were together, but all three girls were in relationships. I just feel like if a girl let him and he had the chance, he would be all over her and wouldn't give it a second thought. I've asked him multiple times why he wants to be with me when he's obviously interested in other girls, and he always replies with, "Because I love you". I've never been with anyone else besides him, and I've honestly never "liked" anyone but him. I've found guys attractive in the past, but I've never had any desire to be with anyone else. 

He's leaving to go to Japan in a few weeks to stay with his friend for a month, and I honestly do not trust him. I feel like he will always lie about what happens with him and other girls, unless he actually starts a real relationship with someone else, then he'll just leave me. Thinking about leaving him kills me. I love him so much but I hate his actions and how he makes me feel. Should we take a break? Should he experience what it's like to "see other people"? Would it make him realize what he really wants? Should I do the same, since I don't understand how he feels? Should I break up with him since this behavior may never really end?

TDLR; My boyfriend kissed another girl, is constantly interested in other girls. We've never been in a relationship with anyone else besides each other. Is he acting this way because he needs to experience other people since he's so young? Would I benefit from it as well? I have no desire to, but I have no idea what to do at this point. I've never imagined myself being with anyone but him. 




 No... I haven't lifted weights since it started hurting. I've tried to do push ups a few times since then but it hurts too much. I don't think that it would deter the healing process a whole lot. 




 I've tried only a handful of times, and it's been 6 months since it started hurting. So I've given it plenty of rest.  




 I am a 20 year old healthy and fit female, with no history of any medical conditions that could possibly be related to my wrist pain. In November 2014, I was at the gym, using the weight machines. I usually stuck to the lightest weights, as I had only recently started weight lifting. One day at the gym, my boyfriend pressed me to increase the weights, and I had to push myself, but it didn't feel like a crazy amount or anything. The next day, my right wrist was hurting. Not in a sore way, but in a slightly injured way. Something that I figured would pass in a few days or so. But it didn't. My wrist only hurts when I hyperextend it (inward and outward). I used to do planks and push ups and other exercises that involve supporting my weight with wrists every day, but I can't do so anymore without being in pretty bad pain. I've tried to push through it, but I can't do more than a few push ups without it being too painful, and then the next day my wrist pain doubles from the exertion. 

I've been to my PCP, but she could not figure out what was wrong. The pain is coming from the back (dorsal) center of my wrist, right where my wrist meets my hand. If I press my thumb on the area hard, it hurts. It's not that the pain is unbearable or anything, but I used to LOVE exercising (yoga in particular, which involves using your wrists a lot), and it's just frustrating that I'm unable to do it anymore.  




 Yeah, I was thinking that might be the med I was on, but of course it's not an amphetamine. I wasn't sure of it's effects, but since everyone is recommending it, I think I'll give it a try. Is it weird to bring that particular med up to a psychiatrist? I know that adderall would be, but I don't know about wellbutrin 
























