 Basically, you turned Bruce Wayne into Adam West, minus the plot devices 




 I meant for the purpose of this thread, but I didn't see anything along the lines of overused characters in my flair list, but since other threads like to love on a character for a day or two, my thread will be just fine 




 I figured Ditto would transform Into the first thing it sees with Imposter,  so in theory, couldn't it transform into someone else?  




 I'm only asking because the anime never seemed to give a conclusive answer for ss2 winning,  imo. The Manga might have expanded on it better. Also, I tried to put the time limit on for fairness, but apparently I created a Lolstomp 




 This whole thread just became "can God create a rock so heavy that even he cannot lift it?" 




 r/whowouldcirclejerk 




 What if he doesn't see MMH first? Who would Ditto likely see in that case instead? 




 Yes, this has probably been done before, so if there are previous threads discussing my idea, by all means, link me to them.

My thought is that Goku would only have about half an hour or so on Earth in SS3 and he can't hold the form for too long. Would he be able to defeat Majin Vegeta in such a short time span (something like 7 or 8 minutes) using SS3,  given their fighting styles and knowledge of each other? Defeat here meaning incap, since Goku wouldn't kill Vegeta at this point in DBZ.

If Goku cannot defeat Vegeta in that short time span, then allow Goku the full hour or however long he would be allowed on Earth in SS3 for the fight.

If it is a total stomp, well, I can't think of a good thing that would help Vegeta that is also in the DB universe at the moment.

Edit: how do I add a flair or whatever for frequently used characters,  because I know these two see a lot of time on this thread (not necessarily against each other though) 




 HULK STOMP!! 




 I was going to post some complaints from my employer here, but compared to everyone else, mine is actually wonderful. We make everything from scratch, and people can even watch us make our products. My only complaint is that we are understaffed for the amount of business we see.

Context: I work in a pretzel shop (Ben's) in North-Central Indiana. 




 Alucard. One of the few stomp cards I dislike playing, for the most part.

He stomps rounds 1-5 easy enough, because if you kill him, he just comes right back. 
No wait, include round 6...He shoots Jake and eats Finn.
Round 7- The Lich: I give this to Alucard 7/10, depending on whether he unlocks control level 0, or he stays at control level 1.

For those who don't know: level 0 us basically where he unleashes the army comprised of everyone he has ever killed/consumed. 




 r/whowouldcirclejerk would probably say Batman, given enough prep time 




 Round 2: Dudley loses an ear. 




 What kind of style does Dudley have? I know Balrog was modified and based on Mike Tyson, so there is that 




 Ash Ketchum hasn't accomplished anything be wanted to do that he said he would do when he left Pallet Town. And he would likely be good leaning, but not be that efficient because nothing he ever does seems to make the villains of his world really go away 




 Any of the last three characters I selected in Marvel vs Capcom 3, so Deadpool, Wolverine, or Virgil 




 Definitely Pol Pit here 




 Thanks for that! 




 This sounds like a bakery I heard about in California, where they specifically employ felons and former gang members. I can't think of the name of said bakery right now though.  




 Did someone say gold? 




 I'm asking because I was wondering if I was the only fraternity member (Phi Kappa Tau) who noticed that members of his chapter talk about topics that seem off from the fraternity stereotype. The main things I've noticed are that I can get away with talking about anime when I want, and there is a huge circle jerk for Doctor Who (gotta spell out that Doctor part though). 









 I want to gild you, but I can't. 




 From what I understand, Deadpool is basically immortal. He may not be able to defeat everyone in 6 hours,  but, given the style of his comics, he would break 4th wall before being erased, and the audience wouldn't let him be erased. 
Also, I wouldn't take me seriously the moment I start mentioning Deadpool without good explanations.  




 If it turns out to be Captain America, grab an enemy of the Avengers (probably Ultron) the end. 

If it isn't Captain America, then my appeal is going out to Goku, because he always seems to give the benefit of the doubt and second chances out the ass, so what would be the odds of him ignoring me at this point in time, as a citizen who needs help turning over a corrupt system?

Also, I'd play reverse psychology on any villain I could. It is underhanded, but hey, we can't all be the saints of tomorrow. 




 Deadpool because Deadpool. Haters gonna hate 




 South Park Mickey Mouse stomps! Seriously,  he would view Capone as someone who is in the way of him making money, so he would dispose of him like the rest of the Disney could stars. 10/10 




 Johnson does at least 45 minutes- an hour of cardio several days each week, so that isn't too big of an issue. The issue for me is that a 3v1 turns into a stomp for the 3 in this situation. How about Johnson runs a gauntlet against them in order, and he is allowed an hour's rest in between each fight?

Edits: I changed "bug" to "big" 




 1. Batman can learn the situation and everything a lot easier than Barney so yeah...Batman wins round 1.

2. Barney would obviously be funnier, given his track record when it comes to dealing with criminals and whatnot.

3. How fucked is Gotham? Very. There is no way Fife can deal with any level of criminal if he isn't hardly able to deal with the people of Mayberry doing little things here and there. He would be a comedy character in a not so comedic world.

4. There would be no crime in Mayberry because Batman would either have everyone locked up, or he would have struck fear into their hearts. For a recall election,  that would likely never happen seeing how the master detective can deduce the situation (see #1) easily enough to win the affection of Mayberry and its citizens.
 




 Includes cat. Gets karma... 




 Definitely weed on the left side.  




 So, Cap would still have all of his combat training and muscular structure,  but he wouldn't have the shield,  correct? 




 Definitely Saitama going God status time!! 




 Do you count the super serum (iirc) as a power? I mean, it is technically a chemical he is exposed to, but it's kinda blurry for me on whether the serum counts as a power 




 This is likely true for me as well, since he is more than many levels smarter than most people my age (20) at 14 




 Time traveler kills Batman before he is born. Time traveler kills his parents. Time traveler kills infant batman. Time traveler kills 10 year batman. Time traveler kills 14 year old batman. 

Point is, this needs more specific details. Because time traveler goes back In time and kills batman before he becomes a threat to anything. 




 Pokédex entries are not used as valid sourcing from what I understamd. There just isn't a system of logic and consistency amongst all 719 entries presented. 




 Best I'll give you is Ghost Rider 




 Hey the used ones are much cheaper.
-thinks about it for a minute-
Hahah....haha...ewww 




 I have two answers for this. 
Keeping in the same universe, I wanted to see the actual conclusion to the Majin Vegeta/SS2 Goku, not the plot device involving Majin Buu.

From different universes, I want to see Korra (after connecting to the spirits of past Avatars) fight someone like Picollo (post-Nail, pre-Kami for balance purposes)

Yes, I am going to be the guy who likes DBZ hypotheticals, but realizes that there are more characters in the series than Goku. 









 Up-up-down-down-left-right-left-right-B-A-start

At least you'll have 30 lives to figure it all out.

Edit:added an accidental left on first type 




 Do any of the Furian (sp?) Powers from the Riddick universe break physics? I honestly don't remember too much of it not being able to have some kind of semi plausible explanation 




 Bender would get too lazy to fight,  more than likely. Remember that he isn't motivated go do much of anything,  unless it is for him. 

The Joker could probably use Bender's alcohol dependency to lure him into some kind of trap related to vaporizing Bender or making robots obsolete. 

Overall, I would say Bender at 7.5/10 because he would recognize when he is being conned, and he is also a frickin robot, so he would likely use any of the million or so things he's pulled out of his body/ass to kill the Joker.

Thought: in the episode of Futurama where the electromagnetic cosmic abnormality opens, Bender literally shits bricks as an act of fear. So he could be scared, shit bricks, and then kill Joker with those. 

Crime: They'd probably rob a super sized bank, and then Joker would burn the money because he is fuckin insane. 




 Question: is Superman Prime allowed? Because if so, throw everything out of the window, Prime will just rewrite the entire scenario to make himself because he is a dick slinging Superman like that 




 Probably Atom Ant. He would likely become molecularly unstable (my guess) due to the sheer size increase, and he also would not be able to avoid detection in any situation that his ant size is considered favorable. While he would still retain his super speed, flight, and super strength, he would lose that stealth factor that I mentioned earlier in this post.

Tl; Dr: Atom Ant doesn't get to be sneaky 




 I see the Neo Tri - Beam being brought up as Tien's only hope, but the problem with that would be that more than likely, Frieza would survive, if even a little, and recover before Tien would be able to defend himself again due to the toll on his body, resulting in Frieza walking to Tien's body and finishing him, Mortal Kombat style, because fuck that guy for challenging the former supreme ruler of the known universe, Lord Frieza. 




 There are so many re rolls happening right now, just on the sheer account of feeling too godly in the first fight. Example: Nanite Reality,  aka, Reality Warping. Not fair at all in my honest opinion  




 Barney Stinson on Reddit. Are you looking for stuff to put on your blog? 




 "You keep avoiding my punches because you're reading my mind and know when I'm going to punch you"

-Anchorman 2

Edit: quote isn't exactly correct and wording stuff
 




 This right here...I try to explain to my female friends that this is exactly what I get out of Pride and Prejudice, yet none of them seem to believe that I can get such a simple yet accurate plot line out of said work of literature. 




 I had to scroll a little bit too far to find a Jane Austen entry.  









 About to make a PM_ME account for new music. I will let everyone know how this turns out 




 It's Aladeen!! 




 The big question here is "why do men have nipples?" 




 If so, how would their theory on the construction of the universe and possibility of alternate universes be constructed? 









 Those other planets are all puff and gas. Earth is solid. Earth may be smaller but he can do more. 




 I would give you gold if I could, but I am biased because I am part of Phi Kappa Tau 




 This comment right here perfectly explains my reasoning for getting involved in Greek life. Yes, I am closer to some brothers than others, but I know at the end of the day, I can count on all of the members of our fraternity...Phi Kappa Tau!  




 Something about earthquakes 




 Vagina. Vagina. I wanna have sex with your vagina. I love the Jon Lajoie reference 




 Would you write it as 2 separate programs...One for the drink and one for the food? Because either way you go, it shouldn't take too many lines to write it. 




 Maybe we should ask Tien 




 Thank you for the TPB reference. 




 Basically, Dave is gym perfection. God Bless You, Dave. 




 Like a sir 




 Always ask if she is trying to get the pipe 




 People who use the phrase I can't even  




 God damn Kony reference!  




 This is a good community to be around, and read what other people submit. Thanks for making all of this possible. 




 No, not the same HS.
Edit: was going for the joke of gym teachers always marrying students, but was taken seriously 




 We might have went to the same high school, in that case.
Context: gym teacher also married former student. 




 I'm not trying to bash anyone. I just didn't know whether anyone has found a cause for nostalgia 




 Whenever you mentioned producer, the first thing that came to my mind was Rick Rubin, and how he basically floated through genres as he pleased, working with everyone from Eminem to Slipknot. 




 I've been listening to some of my older music, which is mostly music from certain artists earlier in their career, alongside some of their modern stuff, and I've noticed that it almost seems like the talent is gone, or they just don't sound as good. Is that one of those things that is just my personal taste, or is there something that makes people tend to like an artists earlier work?

Edit: My grammar and syntax are pretty shitty, but I don't plan on perfecting it, just so grammar nazis know. 




 I am an American, and we will send in a drone to destroy it for you. 




 Apple pie. So American 




 It says that there are even more features that couldn't have even thought of in 1991 that are currently in the IPhone 5s. That would make your cost well over the presented mark. Then again, there is no way to take into account that technological advances that have been made in the last 23 years, and try to find any kind of equal that we can compare that to 




 I've seen everything from support to indifference to comparing having gay pride/being gay to enjoying rape and murder. If it effects locker room chemistry, then that's bad. If it doesn't, then why does this need to be a big deal. Being gay doesn't mean he is suddenly going to lose his talents in football.

Edit: I am pretty sure that I meant to use affect instead of effect, but I am not absolutely sure on that 




 Haha go Hoosiers... 




 Christians?  




 This guy really got gold? He didn't make any type of argument or give any kind of details.

I guess I really appealed to someone's emotions then. Because yea, I didn't type that comment out to divulge into some great opinion with an at length argument backing my views.

Also, I would give you gold for posting that response, except I am on mobile. 




 I had been floating between this and a discussion with a friend of mine about animal testing. But, wouldn't it be funny to see a high profile, menacing criminal type to be covered in makeup and such? 




 Remember whenever William Sheldon came up with somatotyping in the 1870s? That wasn't too effective either. 




 Animal testing is mainly used because we can't test on humans.  We should be allowed to use lifers and death row inmates for testing, but the Geneva Convention guidelines say no 




 I need to blaze before answering this capably 




 It should still be Martin's dad or closest male family member boxing him... 




 Fuck Elysium in particular. All my friends loved it, but I thought it was shit 




 gen2 Championship battle with Lance. His Aerodactyl could use Rock Slide whenever it wasn't a TM in the game nor could Aerodactyl learn it naturally or by TM

Edit: I don't believe Aerodactyl can learn Rock Slide by breeding either, but i could be wrong 




 I can understand how they would together (one can believe in a higher power that helps them feel comfort in their insecurities, and at the same time, be used as an exaplanatory gap for things science hasn't yet confirmed/refuted, and be able to practice science properly) I used to think that science and religion had to be separate, especially with the theory of evolution/Creationism, but I have seen, since about 2 years ago, that science and religion can coexist, until one starts interfering with the exercise of the other (Ken Ham's Young Earth Creationism/ atheists who believe that religion being around science will stupify the minds involved) 




 People who use bad gym etiquette; examples range from not cleaning up after oneself, or just standing around talking in an area where I need to be for an exercise, such as people who gather either around a set of dumbbells I would like to use or all around the squat rack. It does not matter how good of a mood I am in, I will be instantly shitty....not to that particular gym-goer, but in general. 




 So, the lineup for Spring Awakening 2014 has been posted, and it is looking like it is going to be a very strong lineup. I would like to hear everyone elses' comments on the subject, such as, if you are going to attend, which artist or artists you are looking forward to most. This concert is in Chicago, Illinois for anyone interested.

http://www.chicagotribune.com/entertainment/music/turnitup/chi-spring-awakening-lineup-20140203,0,2068299.column

There is a link I provided highlighting the lineup, including headlining sets by KasKade, Pretty Lights, and Tiesto. I am personally looking forward to Tiesto. 




 GodDammit... 




 The requirements for becoming a level 1 Crossfit trainer, which means that you can teach classes and whatnot, requires a 2 day seminar, and I believe a $1,000 cash payment.

Crossfit might just be the Scientology of exercise...emphasis on might 




 That explains so much of HIMYM
 




 No more double hot sauce at Chipotle for me! 




 Yo dawg, we heard you like moderation, so we decided to moderate your moderation while you enjoy your moderated moderation 




 "Did you notice a sign out in front of my house that said Dead Nigger Storage?" 




 83% of all women are looking for sex just as much as men are 




 The average African American male has a 33% chance of going to jail at some point in his life 




 i love you
 




 Pulp Fiction
 




 A friend of mine was going on about the trouble in her life, and this is where I found one of the boundaries of things I should never joke about. She popped of something about how I was one of the problems in her life, and that we should probably not talk for a good while. My reply: no wonder your dad walked out on you. Worst experience ever! I was joking of course, but this was the wrong place for sarcasm, I guess
 




 The plot twist must have been too much for her to handle
 
























 That Bulbasaur looks retardedly high.

But for real, it's an awesome lookin piece 




 It does give it a classic look. But I'm using it because of its brand. And how much times do you just have a Tiffany and Co. Box to present? [7] 









 Having been born and raised in Missouri, I am remarkably concerned with what happens there, as well as for family and friends in the area. Even if others have said this, it can't be said enough.  




 A bag of weed, a bag of weed, everything is better with a bag of weed. 




 I wasn't thinking about the kief [9] 
I was just thinking about what I planned on rolling in, and then I would deal with that later 




 Trailer Park Boys references made it here before it did. 




 Everyone has that one friend with a bunch of lighters.  




 I've used a mortar and pestil (sp?) Before. It is an interesting experience to say the least. Like, I had a bag that a friend let dry out,  and it took under 30 seconds to grind this way,  and it came out joint weed fine 




 I was too high 




 First off.  What?
Second off. What?
No really, what? 




 Warping at its finest 




 This happens every single time I'm high. It's why when I'm at an [8] or higher, I can lay in one spot, and either create music from the natural rhythms of nature, or hear actual songs playing sometimes. 




 Trailer Park Boys. Fuck, I don't want to be in that trailer park 




 I didn't have a choice on stocking food this time around, since my parents took care of this week.  




 I don't want to splurge on unhealthy food but that is almost all that is in my house. [6 or 7] 




 At least Comcast will have a 5 star rating somewhere 




 "It is very easy to get high. It is not easy to get unhigh." -Katt Williams 




 I feel like I'm about the only person who listens to metal of sorts when they're high. Between the Buried and Me has produced some very good concept pieces (albums), but I can't link any of then since I am on my phone 




 Canada 




 Canada 




 The End
 




 This is one of the few threads where I haven't seen someone go OMFG!!! BATMAN PREPTIME!!

But seriously, if Guts were anything less than 8/10 for the reasons provided, I would be remarkably surprised.
Prep time gives Batman time to form plans and such, not become physically stronger than whoever he is facing, even though he is given 6 full months of conditioning and training time. 









 This has all the makings of a sitcom.  




 I love the Jojo inclusion in this list.  




 Niggas. Niggas ain't nothin to fuck with  




 War Machine must be a faggot then 




 Oops. I was thinking Avengers: Age of Ultron. 




 Perhaps. I still don't like how it will likely be Stark that created Ultron 




 Hey just Google that if you want to know more 




 Can anyone answer why they went with Scott Lang as their Ant Man of choice instead of Hank Pym? Don't get me wrong, I like my lovable 80s comic characters, but I feel like Pym would be able to be a more consistent parallel between what has happened in the original Marvel Universe (616) and the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

Edit: according to several people, Pym will be appearing in the Ant Man movie.  




 And Predator (I think) is in the ocean. Remind me why I avoid water

Edit: I originally put Venom instead of Predator. Pretty sure I fucked up the reference either way 




 I thought Edge of Tomorrow got renamed on IMDB 




 50% fact. 50% magic. 100% results. BROSCIENCE! 




 That's...actually...reasonable 




 And he called out the main cast of Two and a Half Men. I like that move 




 Crab - People. Crab - People.  I love that episode of South Park 




 Longmire and their lovely plot writing...but seriously,  I feel like Indiana Jones and Walt Longmire would be an interesting match up 




 Thank you for this response, especially the last part. I talked to some of my family and friends that are in the military, and they said about the same thing. They also added that if it sounds too good to be true, then it probably is. 




 So I head into Meps this Wednesday and Thursday,  but I know I will be put on a DEP because of my braces, so the earliest I could go to basic would be late February - early March. My main questions are: 
What should I look for in my contract (loans being paid back, school being paid for, mos, rank, etc)?
How much of what my recruiters push is complete bullshit (they aren't focused on me getting an education, but rather they keep trying to push the possible high salary that can come with being a nuclear engineer?
And what would happen If I decided to not sign my contract after passing all my physical and mental requirements (I can pass tape and am likely to get a near perfect score on the ASVAB)? 




 Haha I get it! 




 Do Stands (Jojo's Bizarre Adventure) count as powers for this? If not, Star Platinum (Jotaro's Stand) would keep Jotaro alive for the sake of Jotaro's self preservation 




 I always thought it worked based off of the existence of an exploitable soul that can be used to force the victim to feel the pain that they have inflicted on everyone they (the victim) have ever inflicted pain onto.

Edit 1: Victim isn't the right word, but I can't think of a better one.
Edit 2: I ended a sentence with a preposition...silly me. 




 Question: does Thanos have a soul? Because if Thanos does not have a soul, then the Penance stare doesn't do squat.

Also I'm using the Nicolas Cage movie version, and I am not caught up on the Ghost Rider comics. 




 Bees on bees on bees 




 "Ora! Ora! Ora! Ora! Ora!"

That is the cry of Star Platinum trying as hard as he can to protect Jotaro from the swarm. I want to believe that with the power of precise movements and the urges of Stand master preservation,  Star Platinum would fend off all the bees, but I do not think he could move fast enough to protect Jotaro from a swarm of the bees stinging him. Maybe they could do the heart stop thing to prevent blood flow so the venom doesn't circulate while it gets separated from the blood cells and removed from the body,  but I doubt that would even work.  




 Bees hurting the bees?

...I just wanted to be a smartass 




 Not the bees! NOT THE BEES!!!!!!!!! 




 This song is basically the merger between my childhood and my teenage years, and it is featured several times in an episode of Spongebob. 









 Buttscratcher. :( 









 I found the skeleton!! 




 White people do as they please in this country. It's just a way of life, unfortunately. 

Source: whiter than Weird Al in "White and Nerdy" 




 Can he go Super Saiyan 




 Along the vein of snorting things and weird Spanish classes, I was dared to snort a birth control pill. Let's just say I didn't get my period that month. ....or any other month.

I am a dude
 









 So it would be like he is fighting an Abstract then? Could he win with the Infinity Gauntlet and/or Heart of the Universe, or is this one of those he cannot destroy the concept of Death situations? 

Because I know in one of the Marvel Universes (Cancerverse I believe) Death actually was killed, so nothing could die. 




 Why is That?  I'm just curious and not caught up 




 Can MacGyver rig up his own keys and puzzle solutions from stuff laying around? If so, MacGyver escapes the easiest 




 Generally, the chapters that haze are becoming more and more of the minority amongst Greek Life as a whole. Honestly, there are other ways of building the bonds between members that will last a lifetime. Personally, spending time around all of my fellow brothers doing things like catching dinner or even hanging out playing Xbox (not stereotypical CoD or sports) makes me feel like we are all connected beyond our memberships in our respective chapters. 

I do not have any hazing experiences myself, as I'm not big on hazing people, and there wasn't really any type of initiation requirement or anything of that sort that could be considered hazing, within the wordings of both public perception and our National Fraternal Constitution.  

Source: Phi Kappa Tau member of the last 3 semesters. Have watched 2 rush semesters that weren't mine become gentlemen who can proudly wear our letters.  




 The name you're thinking of is Juicy J. And I can't remember whether it was him or his collab (Three Six Mafia) that won the Oscar, or what it was for. If it was for music stuffs, then yeah...I think it would be on a different scale of judging than actors' Oscars 




 Go Hoosiers?  




 Dat Alaska progress. What did you have to eat during your hikes? Also, obligatory beautiful in Alaska this time of year comment. 




 You can learn this one weird trick to getting rich, but only if you jump through these hurdles and get invovled in our totally "not a Ponzi scheme" Ponzi scheme 




 Redundant English much? 




 Fuse into Batman. Instawin 




 Along that note, GL would destroy round 2 because of increased willpower to finish the fight with Goku 




 "We just need to hit him...really hard." -DBZ Abridged Picollo 




 Rule 1: be attractive.
Rule 2: don't be unattractive 




 I can get a double chicken burrito at Chipotle for $9.24 after tax. 
I would add a drink for about another $1.70. 
This comes to roughly 11 dollars.

I can do this twice.  




 So, let me get this straight...This is a fight between a raccoon who is a weapons expert, created in a comic book universe vs a crazy alien experiment that was created in the land of toonforce (for lack of words)?

Stitch would win almost every time on the sake of being able to tank damn near everything,  and would Rocket Raccoon instantly know Stitch's weakness(es)? If not, then Stitch stomp.

Also, will Rocket become the next Batman in terms of prep time, with prep = win? Because if so, send that over to r/whowouldcirclejerk 




 "Fuck off, Lahey."
 




 Saitama. One punch man. Come on now, one punch is all you need. 




 No, it is not.  




 A little bit of a background about me: I'm 20 y/o, and can meet all the physical requirements asked of me for the branch I am looking at (Navy), I scored in the upper 90s on the ASVAB test, and I have 2 years of college under my belt, with about another 3 before I get my Bachelor's Degree. I plan on entering the engineering side of things, specifically, nuclear engineering. I plan on entering the military either way (with or without a degree) but I would like to hear thoughts from all sides on whether I should just finish out school before enlisting, or I should go in now? 














 Doesn't Spawn also feed off the evil within someone? If Bayonetta is an evil entity, then Spawn will become increasingly powerful to match Bayometta's power. 




 I thought there was a 72 hour ceasefire in place.  




 TOAA because I'm lazy.

 




 I believe it is a scene from First Avenger where they mention Cap can't get drunk. OP never specified whether he was referring to comics or movies for tolerances and such 




 One effect you forgot about PSI Flash was that it could straight up kill an enemy at an given point in time as well, meaning that Lucas (while a support character) still had pretty good offensive PSI power 




 This is for everyone who ever recommended I watch Game of Thrones or read A Song of Fire and Ice. It's not that I don't enjoy it, it's that I don't annoy everyone with how good I think it is  




 I just didn't know it was allowed for that much of an advantage...If used correctly 




 Breaking 4th wall? 




 I almost corrected your 17 to a 5 until I realized that 1700 hours is 5 in the afternoon in military time....derp 




 I'm using the most famous example I can think of to give an insight into the potential behind using calisthenics and such. 

Also, why wouldn't people be able to survive on his diet and lifestyle?  




 Jotaro Kujo (Stardust Crusaders) in Fallout: New Vegas.

Star Platinum can probably catch most bullets shot at him. He would probably go off into hiding or gamble since he would likely be very disinterested in the rest of the world, but he would do just fine.

Mr. Satan in the same universe?
Dude's getting shot in about 60 seconds or less. 




 If you want to give someone a good perspective on calisthenics,  have them look at Frank Medrano.  




 Also, I just realized we were talking about the bags of pretzels (like Snyders brand) and not the pretzels they make at the fair lol 




 Pretzels are actually remarkably high in calories and carbs. But yea, avoid soda.

Source: My job is to make pretzels and I have been informed about the nutritional contents in them.

Edit: This may just be my employer, as I have seen other people post about pretzels being a good idea. 




 Metal. As. Fuck. 




 Alucard and Cell? Regeneration from a single cell on top of millions of lives. So he gets killed once...big deal, respawn.  This is a fuckmothering vampire fused with someone who has psuedo SS2 powers. 




 Round 3 is all day Supes. Goku is the closest thing I have seen to a well liked protagonist being able to pull off being an absent father... 




 So, this might become a stomp.
Favorite character: Vegeta (DBZ)
Least favorite character: Ash's Pikachu (Pokemon)

This depends entirely on the amount of plot armor that is allowed. Yes, both of them have plot armor to a degree,  but I'm pretty sure that stupid Pikachu has ungodly amounts of plot armor. I hate that mouse for that, and the fact that my Pikachu doesn't have any durability compared to Ash's.  




 Batman circle jerk prepped for this 




 John Constantine literally manipulated God and the Devil on at least one occassion, so it would just be another day of work for him 




 Alucard (Hellsing) vs Wolverine (Marvel)

1. In character, both of them would likely fight, since Wolverine as a mutant would likely be someone Alucard would hunt. I feel like most rounds would be a contest of Alucard's souls vs Wolverine's healing factor. I would give the victory to Alucard's souls and vamperic powers. Alucard 6.5/10

2. Bloodlusted: if Wolverine can chop off Alucard's head and rip out his heart on a speedblitz, then Wolverine would win (odds are about 4/10, IMO) More than likely, Alucard would go level 0 and Wolverine's healing factor would not be able to keep up with the sheer amount of injuries he would suffer. Alucard 6/10.

3. Prep: Wolverine would know what to do to actually kill Alucard, and Alucard would know how to beat adamantium skeletons and healing factor, but I would give this to Wolverine 6/10, because I think prep helps Wolverine more than it would Alucard 




 You mean out of his hair?  




 You're* FTFY 




 My Raditz is in the top percentage of Raditzes.  




 I lived in Missouri, but am now in Indiana.

For Missouri,  we would just smoke a bunch of meth and go berserk. 

For Indiana, we will steal the nation's corn supply. Mwahahaha 




 That was my exact reference.  




 Adam West portrayed Batman in the 1960s 





























 As the titles implies,  I made an agreement with a friend. Basically, he is not going to drink for a month if I don't smoke for a month. I made a joke in a conversation and now this is a serious thing. 




 The character customization in Tactics was really enioyable 




 Holy -expletive- the music is gripping and beautiful. Is it an original production or taken from a classical piece 




 DBZ Abridged: Tien. Because he's the serious character. That's the joke  




 That's an obscure FF reference if I've ever seen one 




 Give Goku Batman's preptime abilities and overall intelligence. That would be a fun what if, like what if Goku suddenly has an IQ of 1000 and can come up with better plans than "we need to hit this thing really hard"

Edit: he could beat Superman in that chili cook off posted earlier 




 This is a matter of preptime. I've heard and seen they are both ridiculous at it (beware of circle jerkers). 

Round 1: both get a week of preptime to figure out how to appease the hunger of Galactus.

Round 2: both get 6 months to figure out how to take down a higher tiered member of a different universe. (Loki vs Superman, Batman vs Thor)

Round 3: both get 5 years to prepare a contingency for something that they should not/cannot do by themselves. Situations are Loki vs Darkseid and Batman vs Thanos.

Bonus 1: The two fight to incap, no prep. (Bats doesn't kill in character)

Bonus 2: one month prep, fight to kill (bloodlusted) 




 Inb4 Comcast IS Hitler  




 Marvel 




 Greedo  shot first 




 I'm not your bud, pal 




 "Uno Dos tres cuatro Cinco Cinco seis"
The Offspring. One two three four five five six 




 This is Offspring. How fuckin dare you 




 Acid will do that to you 




 I would do that if I was somewhere closer to a legal market  




 I don't get any rashes or such. I usually just sneeze if there is too much smoke around,  so it could just be that 




 *you're 
And does that actually make a difference? 
Also sorry I'm an asshole 




 It seems ridiculous, but almost every time I smoke, I start sneezing and getting watery eyes (like allergies, not the natural bloodshot). I would think that you could since you could technically be allergic to anything since it depends on the body's reaction (despite most of the wonderful highs I've had over the years) 









 I'm losing my mind over your grammatical error 




 I've seen this twice in the last week. Baader-Meinhoff phenomenon  




 I poked too much smot. 









 I would say Tool or System of a Down honestly. Maybe Between the Buried and Me, not sure 




 LIKE A BOSS!! 




 Gotye 




 Nicola Minaj. Good sweet Allah, it sounds even worse than before. :( 




 Saw this higher up on the thread. Mother of God 




 This. I almost passed out from laughing because of this right after Thanksgiving dinner. Thank you u/kaseyunderneath for this image. 




 TIL I have slaves 




 Mine was always waffles in high school. My smoke buddy got a George Foreman grill for Christmas and we always got to a [10] and made waffles, thus the code 




 Anecdotal evidence follows: 
Marijuana can provide a psychological dependence, rather than a physical one (like, you will mentally crave it rather than physically) and this can be just as addictive and difficult to break as a physical dependence. One of the biggest signs to determine if someone is addicted to marijuana is to check their spending habits. If they are sacrificing necessities for weed, then you have an addict on your hands. 

Hell, anything can become an addiction if it fucks up the rest of your life enough  




 People always give me shit for casually smoking mids  (I break out dank for get togethers  and special occasions) 
The way I look at it I may have to smoke a little more, but I get a half of mids for the same price I get an eighth of dank. 
I wanted to hear r/trees' thoughts on the subject. 














 666 points  




 Working overnight stocking at a retail store whenever two guys come in at about 3 am and harassed me and my managers about torch lighters. Obvious reasons... 




 I just realized how visually beautiful and incredibly informative Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey was, especially on the second watching. [9] 




 Was Rick Rubin involved? Because he is involved with a lot of clipping in music from what I've heard through my music holes  




 Update: I was way too high to field any questions,  and Reddit doesn't notify me sometimes when people reply to my threads. To clear a couple things up, one of my friends was throwing bread at me because I was hungry. The munchies inspired the breads. And I wish I was a bird, but not like a pigeon. Actually, I wouldn't mind being around Mike Tyson  




 I started eating the bread. AMA 




 I believe Mackelmore even said something along the lines that Kendrick Lamar was more deserving of the award. Correct me if I'm wrong 




 The award won an award for being an excellent award?  




 21- Don't drink out of anger. Also, love the life you live. Live the life you love 




 "Super Ultra Power Saiyan."

What the fuck? 




 Kith 




 Dad joke of the year 




 KITH 




 He recreated the universe in his image IIRC 




 That bottom poster. Everyone needs to hear and or see that 




 How long did this take to make? I love the design! 




 You have probably heard of Metallica.

You might have heard of Baroness. 

You probably haven't heard of Behemoth.

And one I think no one has heard of is Deathgrips. I've met one person in the last 20 years who even vaguely knows of them/him, depending on your viewpoint.  




 Just because a fag is a fag doesn't mean we all have to be fag loving cocksuckers 




 And white girls everywhere approved , so long as there was pumpkin spice 




 Riddick for every good reason mentioned. Also, he has his Furian vision, depending on how much that helps. And it's Vin Diesel.  




 You could feed Galactus 




 You have to get the 4chan guy 




 Frigg off Ricky 




 Giggety 




 That's why I included scenario I could think of. Including base and strongest 




 I am in discussion with a few friends on this,  and we cannot make heads or tails of this. Fight is to death/incap.
Base power at first 

Rounds in character:

1) Marvel Earth 616, New York. 
2) Unpopulated Area

Repeat rounds for bloodlusted and best incarnation. 




 Loving the Kill la Kill attention!!! 




 South Korea is the best Korea 




 R. Kelly.  




 Feels like Smosh. Isn't Smosh. Food Battle Reddit 




 I was looking for something to watch on Netflix when I decided to search for Keanu Reeves (I wanted to watch the Matrix) Instead, I settled into a film called Man of Tai Chi, directed by, and somewhat starring, Keanu Reeves. 

Man of Tai Chi was a pretty good movie to watch (not top 5 or anything) but it is a great martial arts film still that is packed with action and elegance. 




 But are they real? 




 Get this man an Oscar! 




 Because not enough potato salad 




 Is there any way SA Superman can create a power or four that trumps these powers? 




 That's some Jimmy Neutron shit right there 




 Also, 2k Australia.  




 I kept asking myself why it seemed like everyone on Elpis sounded Australian...then I realized who likely did the voice acting. 




 Well, I mean C has Charlie Sheen; and he is winning. So uh; can I make an argument for every letter? 




 V: Victory. How do  you beat someone whenever they already have victory at their disposal 




 It was Larry the Cable Guy? What did you expect ? 




 And yet blacks become Mormons anyway.  




 Shit blizzard 




 Sounds like an easy disarm either way. Sorry,  I don't want to make this decision nor have to provide justification for said decision 




 Kansas. I was expecting Texas, considering the minigun. 




 I'd rather hear the good because I never get to hear the good about myself in life :( 




 Chooses sister.
Plot twist: doesn't have sister 




 I wore a $700 suit last Halloween. I also almost got alcohol poisoning and died. So yeah, I'd rather die in a suit 




 All these squares make a circle! 




 Banana by Tyson  about $250 




 I'd rather know when. If you know how, then you will avoid everything related to the how. If you know the when, then you can live as much as you can until that particular time you die 




 Almost forgot I was reading the shitty pro tips thread. I almost used this 




 Idk how they came up with the name, but it's not even Mario themed. :( 
The food is still good though 




 There was actually a Boo's Market where I grew up 









 The original mascot was supposed to be Clefairy, but it was changed to Pikachu because the creators felt that Clefairy would have been too girly for their intended audience 




 Taco Bell is America 




 Light your highlighter to highlight some good fire 




 Mine has been the new Smash Bros lately, but yea, thus makes me want to fire up my pipe and restart one of my Pokemon games. Thanks for that! 




 Comment no. 420 




 MvC 2 has Thanos. So there's that 




 Charming look alike takes over life of awkward finance guy.  




 Then we sat there for a minute, and she took her another valium. 

Haha God Bless Grandma. Don't down vote me for invoking the Lord's name
 




 Does not understand why this is so downvoted. 




 Yeah. Getting snapchats of this makes me miss Ball State :( 




 Funcie?  




 Like, there are some amazing movies out in all genres to watch when high, and we should have a thread where all of the recommendations other ents may have for each other can be seen. The wording probably doesn't make sense since I'm at a [6] 




 Firearms. No one likes a drunk person shooting off firearms. 




 Plot twist: am incompetent worker 




 I feel like Rick Rubin has been around too much music, if that makes any sense. 
























 Self driving cats huh? 




 And here I thought Salvador Dali did an exhibit on mushrooms. But observing art whilst on mushrooms is also awesome 




 So your self portrait kind of looks like The Rock with glasses 




 Contessa /s 




 I'm reading through the comments right now, but I don't have a question. However, I would like to thank you for taking the time out of your schedule to provide some fairly detailed responses to the questions presented?

Edit: had to add a question mark 




 I'm pretty sure I've seen this exact scenario with different names in almost every episode they do.  




 How racist would I sound if I said that sounds like a black name 




 danger zone  




 DANGER ZONE!!! 




 Steel as a first name sounds alright. Steel as a last name means porn 




 How is everyone? 

Went to the bar to drink, came home, snorted 3 lines of Molly, been smoking weed all day.  









 A new report shows your brain is broken  




 Miley y u do dis 




 Just watch the guy troll porn stars on efukt 




 Drinking whiskey and contemplating my new years eve plans. About 200 mg of tested MDMA, waiting on some 25i, pineapple express, and more whiskey for new years. Trying to balance what I want to do between helping my friends out. It's a debacle since I work when my dealer is sleeping and am off when my dealer works. 




 Go 25i lol always been a personal preference  




 Round 1: I like to think a river of souls, or over 2 million souls would consume most any size of opposition.     
Round 2: Alucard (even though I'm Hellsing biased. What do you do against someone who is able to regenerate perfectly with even 1 soul left?    
Round 3: Even more Alucard winning.  

Bonus : Eehhh 




 Sweet potato 8/10
Sweet potato with rice 11/10 




 1: A bunch.   
2: More than that.    
3: Even more than that/ all of them 




 One of my military buddies always tells me that 2 hits of acid will make you legally retarded...his words, not mine.  




 It really wasn't. I would have felt like a lonesome journeyman either way 




 Continuing they have. Being ok with the fact that time is irrelevant right now helps 




 Update: added music. Even better 




 /r/tripsit is being unresponsive and I figured I'd bring on me having some time off work. I wanted to relax, smoke a few hours, so I did. I also picked up an eighth of shrooms that I recently ate so there's that on the sensibility 




 Just not much to do at 230. No work or school or anything the next day so smoked for about 6 hours before eating an eighth of shrooms about a half hour ago. I just have no one to talk to and I usually have someone around 




 Batgod batprepped  for this batuation  (bat situation) and thus wins, no matter what. Batgod prep force  All 




 How much preptime does the billionaire have?  




 Sounds like that guy was really bad to warrant such action. But hey, hindsight is 20/20 




 Definitely my parents. They were both multi-sport athletes who were likable people. I was a hybrid between mathlete  and athlete  (moreso mathlete) with a dry sense of humor, abrasive personality, and an ego larger than a pair of JNCO jeans.  









 Thanks unnamed Youngster 




 Ricky wore a pompadour of sorts so no on the buzz cut, but everything else?  Pretty much 




 Christmas lights  




 Alcohol: I hold conversations like a normal person when buzzed (not drunk). Drunk me is fun though.

Weed: This world is too serious, sometimes. I unwind after the competition and rush of everyday life. 

Benzos: Rare, but usually only when I need something done or my social retardation goes into overdrive.

Psychedelics: I like to see things from a different point of view, especially when it is something through my own senses.

Mdma: When I want to party and enjoy myself, but I don't want to drink. Better than alcohol honestly, just less socially acceptable. 




 Mine changed their number twice because in their words "some sketch ass was tryna get demo, and I don't fuck wit it." But yea, my dealer and I are reasonably good friends, and I respect their wishes of not being sketch  




 Why is it every time I see Comcast and say something, I'm comment number 666? Am I Satan? 




 His name is Robert Paulson 




 A couple favorites actually.

Snoop Dogg: creates peaceful hip hop, moves to reggae, smoking weed the whole time. Then, he develops edgier music that culminates into songs about smoking, and a general disregard for the law. Point: dudes still smoking weed either way.

Behemoth: multiple lineup changes, lead singer gets and ungets leukemia, and the music is still metal as fuck either way. Mostly the same back and forth for me.


 




 /r/shittyaskscience 









 /r/nocontext 




 Boobs/10 




 How do fucking magnets work?  




 Jew?  




 Hi Kanye  




 I have the weirdest boner right now 




 Smoke weed. Listen to Biggie. I approve 




 Batman 




 I just saw this. Most poeple respond within half an hour to an hour depending on who sees it 




 Also,  Christmas was originally Yuletide, which was originally a pagan holiday blah blah blah  




 OP'S friend here. Sorry for being an asshole. She got drunk as a skunk and needed to be taken home. She tried sobering up but dudes wanting to fuck her kept buying her shots at the bar. If you want to talk tomorrow, I'll be available all day before 3 and I'll text you when I can at work lol 




 It's a comfort thing personally. Most people shouldn't be dicks about it, but for those who are, you might have to talk your way through it. Personally, every one who I do MDMA, or Molly even, around knows I do so they aren't too worried about it 




 He would be my ace over basically every other ace in existence. 




 Not feeling the bar so I decided to come home and put on some music . 




 My friends always seem to pull me aside whenever my pupils are dilated.  




 How's it treating you right now 




 Eyes are some of the most fascinating looking things around. My only complaint is that every substance I do or take seems to alter them, and make them a clear giveaway that "I'm on something.' I love the look of my eyes when i'm on certain substances,  but I wish I could find things to do that either wouldn't make my eyes extremely bloodshot or make my pupils dilate to the size of dimes.

Marijuana = bloodshot, 'lowered' eyes 
MDMA/Molly/MDA = Dilated eyes
25i/25c = Dilated eyes
Cocaine = Dilated eyes
Alcohol = I don't look at my eyes when I'm  drunk.
LSD = Dilated Eyes
Adderall = Dilated eyes
Benzos = I don't fuck with em much. I have an addictive personality. 




 One is an extreme anti drug hypocrite who would ruin it, and the other would likely either try to get me fired from my job or ruin my social life  




 Dude I know the feeling. I'm going to a decent get together this weekend (about 50 people) and I'm avoiding acid strictly because of two people who I refuse to trip around 




 Would that festival happen to be Coachella? 




 If I could teach them how to ride a high, or get them to take a tolerance break, then they wouldn't need as much weed. I took a 2 week break (went from almost an eighth a day to 2 hits) and the high honestly felt more genuine for me 




 Yea but it's kinda my fault for being irresponsible with my smoke and finances in the past 




 Life only has as much value as you want it to have, and most people aren't going to care what you do one way or another 




 I know OP in real life. Some of our other friends were wanting to see if I wanted to buy weed for me so they could smoke it. OP and the girl did their own thing, and I had another friend come pick me up. 

Edit: the plan we for me to buy an eighth and then smoke them out. Knowing these guys, they would smoke the whole eighth, and I don't exactly have $50 a night to drop 




 I use the term safeties, others use the term trip sitters. Basically to make sure you don't freak out or put yourself or others in harm's way 




 Context: I tripped with a couple of friends last night, but I left because some others in the group were trying to get me to buy weed so they could smoke it. I had another friend come pick me up to be my safety. I couldn't explain to him what kind of vibe I was looking for (words were hard) and he tried his hardest to set up a good vibe. So I wound up watching Deadman Wonderland and taking breaks to look into the mirror. Basically, I had an awesome trip, but but I wish I could let people know how to be the best safeties they can be.

Edit: Safeties = Trip Sitters  




 I'm glad you enjoyed your night bro. Sorry I had to split. I started getting a peer pressure vibe off the guys to buy weed.  




 An eighth of weed, 2 mg Xanax, and 800 micrograms of 25i. Does that sound like a good idea? 









 Comment #666: give me the Devils Karma 




 Jonesing. I told people it was dumb. Now I say it a little too often 




 OP is a faggot 




 Upvote  for using the word tachyon 




 No idea. I prefer heartstrings because it sounds more powerful 




 I miss my time at BSU 




 Shrek is love. Shrek is life 




 Pikachu. 10/10. So long as we count the movie with Mewtwo, Mew, and all the aggressive clones. Shit tugged my heartstrings.  









 In mobile it shows me the link and I have to confirm that I want to follow it 




 Username does not match the bad feelings lol 




  I just wanted to fuck  because I have this thing for nerds.

Same situation. Other gender. 




 Law Creation.

Round 1: I make the best lawyer because fuck my opponent, I just remake the law to fit my convenience.

Round 2: Phoenix Wright utterly kicks my ass at everything law related.  




 I think Stephen Curry has this about 5 days of the week.  




 Kiryuin Satsuki always wins. She always finds a way to win. /s 




 I'm Lorde 




 Weren't these two used as an indicor of the approximate tier of base Hulk? Just curious  




 Secret Santa be over the top 




 I read captain marvel and captain America and thought you were a dumbass for posting an obvious stomp. I apologize 




 What about jeans and a T shirt? Too hot for jeans, but not hot enough for shorts? Or too cold for t shirt, but not cold enough for long sleeves 




 That is Hell 




 [r/bestof] 




 Has anyone mentioned The Blacklist? Season 2 should be coming back soon. Two words: James. Spader. 




 Who would dare bet against Samuel L Motherfuckin Jackson 




 Ok Flanders  




 You're in the eye of the shitstorm 




 Shrek=love=life

FTFY 




 My story exactly. Except replace hash oil with plant 




 What size did you get to at the end? Just curious  




 but there's a notable user on this site who believes hulk can stand up to an enraged hulk..

Something about this doesn't sound right. Mad hulk  unmad  Hulk  




 Reddit makes me hate Contessa with so much of a passion 




 This past week or so have shown me that Loki is so much more than the trickster you're supposed to see in the movie universe 




 I appreciate the tropes  




 "Even though Superman is no longer bloodlusted, he is still trying to unalive you."

Still supermanfucked. 

 




 Master telepath in wheelchair vs incompetent delivery boy who is immune to telepathy. I'll buy it  





























 F 









 This makes me a little less prideful of my home state 




 I'd rock the shit out of that become any human thing. Need money? Become someone famous, and charitably donate money to myself (since it's charity, they'd be assholes for cancelling the check)     

Want to learn the secrets behind -Insert favorite thing here-? Now you can!   
I will keep showing perks as needed 




 Yes! Run the Jewels finally made an appearance on /r/music  




  **ELI5: You rub it to make it wet.**

So that's how fingering works  




 Literally that  




 It's why in the rare occassion I drink it, I'll drink a lot of water to offset/force myself to piss and then only mix with diet sodas.  




 I saved your comment, just in case I ever need to remember this. :) 




 I thought this was America? 




 Obligatory cheers for imagination Spongebob .gif. I think the 50 toothpick wielding fortune cookies win by the virtue of being armed with weapons. 

Xenophobia + stabby things = 10/10 fortune cookies. 2omni4me 




 King Kai (North) says that his planet is 10× Earth's gravity. That's why Goku has trouble getting used to it at first, and has to catch Bubbles and Gregory (the monkey and cricket, respectively) before he is allowed to learn the Kaioken and Spirit Bomb techniques 




 Hey Vegeta, remember the bug planet?  




 CAPS LOCK MAKES ME FEEL LIKE I SHOULD BE SELLING YOU GUNS!!! GUNS THAT SHOOT EXPLOSIONS!!!! EXPLOSIONS!!!! BOOM!!!! 




 Hector's  rectum is real  




 Your username should be your response 




 Not sure if joke or insult  




 Why is it when I'm on Molly, I feel like I'm better at listening to people's problems,  and the advice I give feels more meaningful? 




 I just read on rollsafe  that taking 1 Tums before a roll can increase the duration. I don't have Tums. Is there a good alternative? 




 Every one of these men look like they could be representatives for a possible anime trope where pompadours (or whatever hairstyle they are sporting) are associated with rougher or manner characters 




 Single because braces? I don't buy it. 




 I will never not be able to see that as a feminine Daniel Radcliffe  




 So there's this hide button right? 




 Fireball is the cinnamon one. And I need to reread my post. I wasn't trying to spread wrong information on heroin, I was just trying to put my opinion there to give my frame of mind. I'll make an edit to clarify that I'm not trying to spread fact on something I've never done 




 My shift in friends showed me this actually. Some people used to compete to see who would stay in the circle the longest. Now, with my current friends, we can smoke a joint between 4 or 5 people and all be functional. Might be the difference between being a functional stoner and being a couch lock stoner 




 I have friends who will smoke blunt after blunt after bowl after joint. They'll all get high but no one wants to be the first guy out. I must be the weirdo because I catch my buzz, acknowledge I'm good, and go about my day. It's the difference between a stoner with a routine and ambition and one who would rather smoke as much as they can and tell stories about it 




 I'm glad I can measure out each hour of my high based on how many 1 hitters I want to pack. 




 Tl:Dr. Alcoholic friend lectures me on doing coke once, fails to see hypocrisy in choices.

So last night, I went to hang out with some friends I hadn't seen in a while  (I transferred colleges). One of them had caught wind that I did coke within the past week, and gave me a huge lecture on how I'm not on the right path, how my life will be ruined, and all that jazz. I'm just venting a bit because I did it once (no redose, no urge to do it again) yet my friend is an alcoholic who will be drunk almost every day of the week  (they have about 20 empty handles of Fireball whiskey on display in their kitchen). One friend won't even acknowledge my presence anywhere anymore, and the third guy is cool, and knows I actually have my shit together. So yea, I hate word of mouth and the warped views of addiction people have. Yes, drugs can ruin your life. No, I don't believe you can be hooked on substances after one use.

Said friend is like "yeah, I chew, I drink, I even smoke pot on occassion, but that hard shit will ruin your life." Well, at least this friend has stopped being anti-marijuana

Edit: Removed some phrasing that made me come off worse than intended. 

2nd edit: The friend who wasn't acknowledging my presence has been a bit reserved about things lately, and I was told something else was probably on his mind. I feel like an ass. 




 So we needed a study to tell people to not be total dicks about someone's weight to their face? 




 Dumb bitch deserved that 




 MDMA makes it hard for me to be social because an overexcited, mildly off putting, really loud, 6'4" 240 lb. male is kind of hard for people to deal with. One time, I went out to a club to go dance. Instead, I talked to people as they were coming in by the cover charge place (because I don't have a better name for it)

When I trip, I love anime. Something about Asian artwork entices me. The last time I tripped, I finished watching the arc of Hajime No Ippo I was on, and getting caught up on season 3 of JoJo's Bizarre Adventure 




 I haven't seen as much use out of women personally. Most of them I know tend to just drink with their friends, and maybe a quarter of that group will smoke on occassion. I think it's like 5 or 6, at the most, that I know for a fact they have done something more recreational  (MDMA, LSD, shrooms)
    
Almost every guy I know drinks or smokes. A decent amount have done coke, shrooms, acid, what have you. I can find a guy to be a safety, or to do the substance with me, much easier than I can a woman.
    
Though I have seen more women be around prescription pills than men. 




 My job. Done by a robot 




 You know what they say...ladies love huge balls  




 "TURN INTO CANDY!!!!" -Super Buu 




 /r/incest 




 Why some are sleazy, knowing that it ruins the entire perception of our gender?  




 Better hope free throws aren't involved.  




 Well yea, he can't even beat Master Chief and his unbreakable bones. /s 




 Sorry. It was instinct. Someone mentioned Batman 




 /r/whowouldcirclejerk  




 This is one of the most powerful photos I have seen on Reddit in a good while. Especially whenever you get to the bottom one, and realize that one man gave another the chance to be able to live a long and fulfilling life. 




 Instant karma, bitch 




 Aliens 




 So much want  




 Red was already Pokemon League Champion and he beat Blue. Red is the most powerful trainer in a few of the games as well (Gold, Silver, Crystal, remakes) 




 Goku. Superman. Thanos. Darkseid. All of the characters with anything resembling nerves ever 




 Too many omnipotent figures to make a clear decision  




 Everything is done blindly because I got the idea for this based on the fact that neither see the world with their eyes (post MKII on Blade Regalia)

Edit: So I didn't mean for this to be a spite thread and I can now see (haha, get it) that this clearly is a stomp 




 That's Tumblr  




 Not all of us have access to vaginas 




 Nice fedora 




 1. Marshall. The guy is like 6'8", wrestles with his brothers, who make him appear to be the "runt" of the family. Also, Ted gets scared, and JD and Turk hide, holding each other.

2. This is basically Ted vs JD, since Marshall and Turk were basically married/engaged throughout the whole series. And they would both say the wrong thing at the wrong time.

3. This isn't a serious question. JD and Turk have the best bromance in series, and they even show up in each other's AMAs 




 I could obtain Bulma's panties 




 Sorry, Mr. Biden bot. Thank you as well 




 I really thought this was going to be a Common Core thing 




 Thanks Obama 




 Fuck Steve Harvey 




 He did leave us a bread crumb trail of gayness 




 Was it a psychological or physical kind of bad? Good music can get you through most of the psych stuff, and a small bite to eat might help the physical symptoms 




 What did you do; and what would like to talk about  




 It may have been mentioned in the comments, but impulse control is also a factor. Personally, I'm extremely impulsive when I'm altered on most substances, so I try to focus on doing exclusively the one I'm choosing for the night, or not doing them at all.  









 We're in a ratings system, fueled by SENSATIONALISM!! 




 Transmutation of water to wine by the prophet in front of my eyes or some otherworldly miracle 




 I'm in a talking trip mood and all of my friends went to bed. I just took it about 2 hours ago so I'll be up for a while. 




 Men 




 -Insert clever username joke that has been said before - 




 But can ATandT see why kids love the taste of Cinnamon Toast Crunch? 




 My Knitta 




 this has been a great sub for this past year or so. I'm not sure whether my 2 year medal will be bestowed soon, but I love everyone here
 




 Fucking Shutdurr!!

edit: I missed the entire point of this thread lol. Basically, if any of my friends find this reference, they will know that this is my Reddit account 




 I dont feel that  I need a post on /r/tripsit since I mentioned tripping with a backhand connotation, but thank you for your concern/promotion. I will PM you if I do need/want to talk later in the night :)
 









 I thought they caught Survivorman, or one of those shows, where their survivalist was faking filming in the wilderness when he was really staying in a hotel every night  




 Mr Worldwide! Spanish Spanish English Dalé 




 Thay is catchy as fuck and I did the same thing even though I don't remember ever listening to this song 




 They're just not my cup of tea. Good on them being successful though 




 Eaten- Bloodbath 




 Fergalicious 




 She will welcome you to New York City with style!! 




 This needs to be a thing  




 I haven't read that one. The way I understood it was that he either couldn't get drunk or it took a lot because of his Asgardian physiology  




 I still work across from one. Sometimes their music seeps across, past the phone kiosk in the middle where the ladies working there have a Macbook on loud blaring Drake, past the speakers we have blaring Rush, Led Zeppelin, and other classics, and into my unfortunate ears. 

One girl I know and am friends with will claim that Bring me the Horizon is better than anything I listen to. Sure I've gone through phases of shitty music tastes, but this is worse than what I used to listen to. I will list my musical experiences in a different comment if anyone is interested, so they can see my frame of reference.

That last paragraph was intended to sound incredibly pretentious.  




 I feel like you look like James Spader in your present photo 




 Ents get wildfire thrown at them. 420 blaze it  




 Much comment 




 Can Thor even get drunk?

But for real; the only enhancement I have seen that would even matter is having Cap's  shield to possibly block Mjolnir's strikes. Otherwise I'm feeling all levels of a Thor stomp, simply because of the tier system alone 




 How do you combat telepathic octopi martial arts 




 Beating a dead horse  




 Hey Mom, can we invest my allowance in Apple?  




 /r/fatpeoplehate would appreciate this  




 How would Superman know to atomize him right off the bat? Does Superman have any abilities that can directly atomize someone, so to speak  




 I posted this in /r/whowouldcirclejerk a little while back actually. Way to take my idea :p 




 Me vs anywhere from 5-10 emperor penguins depending on weight. (Me at 240, penguins anywhere from 50-100)

Round 1: I sharpen my table leg into a sword because thank you small knife in my pocket.    
Round 2: I take the table leg (now unsharpened) start cracking out chunks of ice that I can slapshot into penguins vital organs.
Round 2b: I actually suck at ice sports.   
Round 3: This is the hard round. I lose because I have no knife swing speed in water. 




 Round 1: Base Super Buu.   
Round 2: After absorbing Gotenks and Piccolo.    
Round 3: After absorbing Gohan. 




 Jack 10/10 




 How much gravity would it take (in proportion to Earth's gravity) for Superman to no longer be able to fly?

Scenario 1: Superman under a yellow sun.    Scenario 2: Superman under a red sun.   Scenario 3: Superman under a blue sun. 




 It might not actually be state law (Indiana) but it is a bit of a personal/moral law for me. Sorry for any mix up this caused 




 The theme song from Loiter Squad has never been more relevant 




 Congratulations -Insert correct proper noun here- 




 Much villain. Such evil. Wow. 




 Legal: water during, one half of my multi vitamin before bed, maybe some light food. Ibuprofen, more water and White Castle the day of hangover. I will also take the other half of my multi (it's 2 pills once a day, but if I split it up, my body absorbs the nutrients better)

Illegal: Wake and bake.  




 Yeah I've noticed my appetite does weird things when I smoke frequently or take breaks and such. Like, when I smoke a lot, I'll only be able to eat when I'm high,  but I still won't eat too terribly much. When I'm on break, I won't hardly eat for about 2 or 3 days, then I'll go back to eating about like normal 









 Would've been better with Fry meme 
























 I've met too many women who get offended when I use the term dude toward them even when I'm at an [11] 




 Oh you're good dude (please don't be offended if you're female) 




 That really is adorable. Deal with meth heads who will take refrigerators and copper wire and tools and scrap them for a fix. That is the bad end of the drug world  




 Ah I like the insight and removal from my depressive cycles. The last time I did acid I tried to eat something simple and puked it back up. I decided that unhealthy foods were the enemy and have dropped 20 lbs since that trip (about 2 months ago) 




 I've got a bit of understanding I guess from the fact that my brother loves his occasional meth, frequent spice, and even more frequent weed smoke. I prefer the psychedelics because it let's me go on an adventure within my own mind. He hates psychs because he can't function or do what he wants while he is on them. I guess it is a difference in wanting to control the effects 




 My first time being high I was baked for about 4 hours and just played Mario Kart the whole time. You will have a longer duration due to the fact that the receptors in your brain that are affected by THC have had zero training to deal with it 




 I have the luxury of having a light school and work schedule so I can take the day or 2 it takes to adjust my sleep cycle to complete sobriety.  




 I'm planning on getting my degree in Psychology then getting my MBA so I can move into HR management. Then I will be able to help find the good candidates who may otherwise fail drug tests and try to be understanding toward that to the fullest of my ability 




 Loving the vibes. What genre is it if I may ask? I haven't started up Spotify yet  




 I'm pro education and harm reduction. I try to help those around me. But if you put anything that you do on social media, then that is your dumb fault for doing so and all consequences are to be expected, unfortunately. Sorry if that came out a little crude 




 I didn't know which sub to put this in but I need some help. I'm trying to form a Playlist so I have good music to listen to while I roll (MDMA) 

I'm sorry if this isn't helpful, but I prefer most genres except for pop twang (that modern country "music" stuff) 

Starting artists include:
Beck
Run the Jewels
Gojira
Kanye West
Jay Z
Datsik 
Skrillex

Edit; I am listening to every suggestion that is posted and I'm enjoying most of them 




 Run the Jewels 2 




 I reuse almost any food container I get for storing other things. You just have to give it a good soak, wash, and rinse first 




 This is assuming all powers available and at max upgrades, all guns maxed out, the whole 9 yards.

Round 1: Is there anyone who can enter the simulated world and beat him, or is he like TOAA?   

Round 2: Outside the simulation and in powersuit.

I chose to not include a non powersuit, outside of simulation round because he is a regular human with guns otherwise.

Bonus: Would there be a tier change if followers were added?

Edit: Added in actual rounds and clarification 




 The fact that there is a sign means that someone has done this before 




 Straight up fight.   
Round 1: in character.    
Round 2: bloodlusted.     

If this is a stomp for either side, adjust accordingly. 




 It's still fucking ugly anyway and the dumb bitch didn't know how to set her brightness or saturation up properly before uploading said dress photo.  




 Not even an Ent? 




 Pokemon  




 I actually like most of the songs on this list.  




 Jokes on them: I actually like most of the songs on lists like these  




 My depression is usually brought on by either long term smoking or eating a bunch of junk. Because I can smoke out one night, and feel like crap the next day.  




 The last time I did shrooms, I sat around and laughed at most everything for about 5 hours. 




 I've been looking forward to this since I finished high school  ('12) and it's finally happening. If I don't find some friends to split the PPV cost with, I'll wind up going to the bar 




 Weed puts me in a depressive funk.    
LSD makes me appreciative of being alive,  despite the issues I've had while tripping.   
Shrooms chill me out.   
Cocaine makes me want to fight and be on edge.   
Opiates make me sleepy and about knock me out.  




 As another responder said, you might want to consider moving. Seriously,  I'd rather hear about someone getting help from marijuana than being funneled into Big Pharma, and stuck in  a loop of using overly addictive pain killers 




 Superman rips off S on outfir, reveals Bat.

Batman 10/10 




 Mewtwo mind controls someone to pray that he has the strength to defeat Giygas. Giygas is so weakened by this that he dies out, leaving Mewtwo free to psychic blast Porky to Hell. gg Earthbound  




 An f16 pilot is given his orders to bomb a new terror threat. However, the pilot gets lost on his way there, and blows up the octagon, killing both of them. 10/10 America. The pilot is also awarded the Medal of Honor for his valorous service and contribution to the well-being of the United States.

Bonus: Satan is now super Pissed since he has to deal with both Coulter and Grace in Hell and their voices and opinion delivery methods are far greater torture than anything he or Hell can conceive.  




 ARE YOU A FUCKING TRUCK? 




 This looks like something a friend of mine from high schools grandparents were doing. 




 Thank you for the database link mod 









 I donate to MAPS myself because they are an organization I would love to work with after school, and I believe in their cause. Also, as another responder pointed out,  everyone has their charity they believe in 




 People who play the victim when, in reality, they are the aggressor 




 Why is Comic Sans so hated?  




 Also, the NFL has Chandler Jones, the brother of UFC fighter Jon "Bones" Jones, who claims that he used to be able to beat his brother in fights 




 Depends on the toonforce in use while Spongebob and them get set  




 "Was that my left bicep? No! That was my aaaaabbbbdominals!!"

Terry Crews 10/10 




 Darkseid when he jobs 




 Japan with robots.  
U.S. with standard military force.    
Russia with Vladimir Putin 




 It was a Starbuzz Blueberry I think. On a Starbuzz hookah with a decent lotus. I got it to pack well, but I might have packed it where the coals got too hot 




 Pikachu and Snorlax. Biggie Smalls. There are so many names for them 




 Weston  is somewhat based in the real world, and Archer is super unrealistic about most details, so I'd give it Archer for that reason alone  




 I loved Anubis just for the sake that he can command anyone based on who touches his sword. Yes they showed that Jotaro and Polnaredd dealt with the stand in one or two episodes  




 Did not need a mod, despite the fact you were who I was looking for on another trip thread. Mitigating my come down with Hookah and Dr. Pepper 




 Both types fuck with your mind. I was addicted to earlier and am hooked on hookah. You know what you personally want, based on chemical 




 Or any one of the other mods  




 I figured it would be /u/roi_on_steroids to comfort me lol 




 Found someone else who couldn't.  Gonna check bowl and check them 




 I've never had a complaint whilst smoking them. The smoke I've had doesn't burn me  hard, but I'm not exactly experience  









 Work. Hookah.  Sober. Otherwise this is a fun chill sing to smoke too 




 Because he was one of the artists hyped during Coachella time but it's been a while since I tuned into that scene  




 Good reply lol  




 Is it weird that I started liking Tame Impala because of Tyler the Creator?  




 Brooklyn Nine Nine is bad on this because it's always Fox commercials 




 My old DS charger used to take 2 spots. Pissed myself 




 BLACK 




 Power by Kanye West  




 If you could move out west after very getting you're degrees, MAPS had some postings on their websites but you have to be in Santa Cruz to be considered  




 The last time I did psyches, I was so overloaded with thoughts where I couldn't discern one from another. It might be different for others 




 I'd say take 1 of the percs at most. Just want to make sure nothing bad happens to you 




 I may not be part of the norm, but you are describing my nights with people and drugs. Like I want to counsel and part themselves but it's hard since I have what I love. I've cut back to get a new job and unless at least until I get the degree so I can hold my degree of empathy without comprising my degree of realatability without looking like a hypocrite.  




 Beer with hookah bowls. Hand-mixed drinks otherwise 




 Upvote for the weirdness 




 Congrats on the perfect game! As well as the clean series. Way to close those frames! 




 Like I keep mine propped up to keep everything else open. I can run an emulator and Spotify without any lag anymore 




 God bless foreplay. It's helped me through so many situations,  and I'm glad to hear it from someone else, even if it's an online anon  




 Cocaine. Done it a few times. Always want to beat the fuck out of someone around me 




 In a different way. I felt myself dissociated and as if I had multiple personalities the last time I tripped. I really felt like I learned a lot both about myself and my relation with others through the experience 




 Oh good point. Did not think I would have to state that sex was consensual 




 I have been drugged, thus I can survive being drugged.   
I have been shot, thus I am immune to most small arms.    
I have had sex before, thus I am a master of seduction.     
I have been tazed and wasn't injured, so I am now immune to being electrocuted.   

I'm pretty much a better James Bond at this point. I figure someone will disapprove of at least one of these.  




 Pugs on drugs? 




 The way my friend explained it was that he could only find the whole setup on a German website. 









 I! AM! GROOT!!! 




 [Final Fantasy 7]

Sonoportation  (Teleportation by sound)   

Enhancement Calling (physically powering myself or others up)   

Selective Elimination (Making others think someone is dead or removed from existence when they are really there)   

Results: hear footsteps, teleport behind target, cut jugular vein/enhance myself to plunge giant knife through brains, rinse and repeat for every person in the universe, using selective elimination to remove myself from perceptible existence as needed so no one knows it is me
 




 [Saints Row IV]   
[Mind Reading, Real World Enforcement, Organic Wing Generation]

Sir, I broke your simulator. Will roll again for game before this one. 




 OandS have this, I'm pretty sure 6/10. Remember,  if one of them dies, the other gets a massive boost and increased elemental powers (Ornstein's being in lightning and Smough's being in fire) 




 Forgetting this exists. Also, vanishing/wandering off 




 I wandered off 




 I just sort of wondered off, Towelie style 




 It's not like it was Peeta  bread 




 Squawk 




 It was some generic wheat bread. Not bad but stale. 0/10 when sober 




 Well, I got super hungry, and the bread was being thrown at me. Me, being incredibly lazy, decided not to get up to get actual food but to eat bread being thrown at me 




 I went full pigeon. Never go full pigeon  




 And the N word 




 Are you lying? 




 Kpins take longer to onset. But with things like it, I wouldn't recommend drinking with it. Too easy to black out.  




 Just another day in the life of a pretentious artist 




 Lines of coke and molly at the same time. Kills the roll, absolutely stupid, but I smoked and drank enough to do it. Had 4mg Xanax as well. Ended up sleeping tied to a tree, was not arrested or anything. Lost my whole weekend starting from Thursday 




 Blue Moon Winter Ale weird enough. Even though I wind up drinking Miller products because I'm a poor fuck 




 /r/tripsit can be helpful sometimes  




 I'm candyflipping with a friend when she gets back in town, so it should be a fun holiday 




 What is everyone's drug plans for the holiday? Mostly for those who don't have dates I guess because I figured most of the couples would either be sober or smoking weed/rolling on MDMA. 




 I love the TPB reference in the story 




 You, sir or madam, have a beautiful mind 




 Can you provide a link? 




 No. You weren't.  




 This winter has been my worst on cardio in a while. When I was in high school, I had sports, so cardio wasn't something I needed to conciously seek. I always had a gym buddy who would help talk me through actually getting on a treadmill or eliptical (I hate stationary cardio) and now that he moved further north, I've been slacking on cardio. I want to be able to run outside instead (easier on my knees) but whenever the average daily temperature is less than 20 degrees Fahrenheit, it gets too cold to run  




 My Dad and I will usually watch PTI almost every night because the commentary is sensible and they cover more in half an hour (technically, 22 minutes) than most other shows will in an hour or more 




 KLK? 




 Crows  




 /r/bestof  
























 I love the second idea personally. The first one might cause too much anxiety out and about that can't easily he fixed in your own home  




 You might not get z's though. Deep relaxing breaths 




 Pick a phrase beforehand that has some meaning to you to help you male sure you aren't overwhelmed by the anxiety of your thoughts and who knows whats. Mine is "this is a great movie." 




 I have 25d as well  




 Did you know which nbomb? 




 LSD/Delsyid 




 Aren't we just the worst? 




 The way I understand it is that you become the anti-stereotype. Like, most people picture drug addicts as "burnouts" who "provide little to no meaningful contributions" to society. You would embrace and become the opposite of this, and show that the worth of the person cannot be connected to the substances that they use 




 I have a couple strategies depending on the substance in question.

1) Do so much of it that you show yourself moderation is the best way to handle it (me with drinking)

2) Don't ever carry anymore in your stash than you're willing to go through in 1 or 2 nights. Pre-plan dosages accordingly

3) Occupy your time with something else. When I'm saving something for the night,  I'll keep myself busy throughout the day. Doesn't have to be labor filled or stressful, just something.to occupy the time. 




 I'm glad you asked because I'm doing this combo after I take my drug test on Monday 




 You have a beautiful voice, and I'm glad you survived to share it with us. 




 Right. Like; I paid for my college out of pocket this semester without loans, I've never been late to work or had to call out, and I'm probably moving into my own place sometime in the next few months.  




 But my problem is that I like to talk about my experiences. It got me in trouble the last time I was on coke.  




 My sleep has become episodic and comes only slightly; but always with weirdly vivid dreams that I can remember for about a half hour or so. Sometimes, my dreams will connect like short episodes of a mini series. 

Some of these involve drug use, and the substance will remain in my mind with an urge to do it for most of the next day. It changes based on dreams. My dream was that I was zoned out, alone, nodded with a glass pipe on the table, and no cares in the world. I may not always know what substance is in the dream, but I feel like I am altered in dream.

Drugs that have shown up: Weed, LSD, Molly, Crack, Meth, Peyote, Ayahusca, Cocaine, and one random dream about dying and being reincarnated on Ibogaine 




 What drug(s) would you do if you didn't have to deal with associated stigmas? Like, most people in my demographic don't give a shit if I smoke weed or experiment with psychedelics. Or, even on an employment stigma basis? Or am I just too worried about keeping with what little friend group I have left? 




 DBZ 




 That's not a WTF. That's a funny 




 Read that as Captain Falcon for a moment. Now I imagine Iron Man tanking a Falcon Punch 




 You are a wonderful gift to your family and friends  




 And there is an Alzheimers study involving mice on the Frontpage and I will say the same thought now that I had there. When will any of this become available for human trial? 




 You're correct in that I was looking for something to blame, and that I should have paced myself better. However, I'm not blaming the Vyvanse. I'm blaming my impulsive nature and reckless tendency to not cut myself off or even really know when to do so. 




 I've read too many benzo blackout stories. Didn't think amphetamines would do about the same.  




 Yeah it'll become another good story, like the time I tried to smoke a pickaxe like it was a hookah, or the night I almost died.  




 The only positive I have right now was that I wasn't told I could never go back over there, but I am no longer allowed to drink there. Waiting to hear back from the other person living there.  




 Never again. One or the other likely. Both together? Hell the fuck no. I'm pretty sure I tanked a good friendship and a good chunk of my social standing. I was told about what had happened last night. Basically, I Pissed on the carpet and puked a lot at said friends place. So again, never bringing this combo back into my life.

Edit: One roommate was like "yeah, train_subject2252, you might want to cut back on drinking for a while" and the other said "Just bring some weed the next time you're over. Oh, and still don't drink here again." 




 They have one, I believe,  that used to be used on alcoholics. It basically rewired their chemistry to where the person in question would forcibly vomit if they drank even 1 beer. I'm gonna go check for a source 

Edit: Source http://www.drugs.com/antabuse.html  




 How do you feel about A Serbian Film? 




 Weed: Curiosity and a friend had it.     

Once I realized one time wouldn't get me addicted and I wasn't ruining my life, I started using other substances mostly to see what they were like, and a shameful time or two of trying to be cool and edgy 




 I've got a couple for this:

1) One of the first times I ever did acid, I wound up driving myself home after everyone else started to pass out. I expected my roommate at the time to be asleep or at his lady friend's place. Such was not the case, and my roommate asked if I was on drugs or something (anti-drug fellow) I also had a lofted bed at the time so I just told him I was drunk, grabbed my pillow and blanket off my bed and slept on the floor. So there's my fail.   

2) My success is basically everyday, between taking phone calls and planning arrangements drunk as fuck if I don't have to be somewhere or high as fuck if the day of the week ends in Y

 




 I haven't been outside the U.S. so I can't say for certain, but I figured it would apply to most developed countries.  




 I'm at a St. Paddy's get together so no worries on me lol. But thanks for the concern /u/roi_on_steroids  




 Not sure if condescension or sarcasm or both lol 









 It's as I thought of the project already: ambitious, but a tad unrealistic at the time. 




 So we're all on a conveyor belt and fed years of marketing? Good metaphor for American life  









 Season 9 comes out on Netflix this month  




 Listen to the AMA by JP Tremblay, Mike Smith, and Robb Wells (Julian, Bubbles, and Ricky). They said that John Dunsworth (Lahey) has never been drunk on set and doesn't drink in general.

Edit: put the response in the right place this time 




 Listen to the AMA by JP Tremblay, Mike Smith, and Robb Wells (Julian, Bubbles,  and Ricky). They said that John Dunsworth (Lahey) has never been drunk on set and doesn't drink in general. 




 Bowser takes over the Mushroom Kingdom. Thanks, Obama. 




 Yeah, Not Another Teen Movie was wonderful. /s 




 I saw Family Guy use this in a cutaway as a "million dollar idea". How would this fight turn out? Movie universes for both, Nolan verse for Batman 




 Agreed. I have my gun time. I have my drug time. These two don't meet, unless it's an open field and a case of beer....gotta get new targets somehow 




 I love the sentiment and fully agree. But I actually am in full control of my life, what I'm doing, and I have a strong vision laid out for my next few years 




 Funny you mention that. I actually have some saved back  




 True. Mine is also out in the country a ways so I don't have to worry about that 




 I love night trips as well, it's just being able to be outside without all the weird glares and looks is refreshing. Also, it's sunny and 60, after months of well...not being that. What's not to love? 




 Your user name's command was not heeded 




 The doubling down on Murphys part? They're all like "he's totally never sniffed glue before, no way he knows what that's like" and yet, you know, he has. It's all double talk 




 First off: yes, highly recommend
 
I took 2 hits of some good acid about 3 hours ago, and I like where this trip is heading, mainly because I'm the pilot of my own journey, and not being led along.

I also feel more calm and centered compared to other trips, and I actually feel like I'm doing something with my day off.

I just wanted to put words in this box. 




 I read the BWAH in Hank Hill voice 




 I think you're recommendation at the 150-220 is a little high for some people on their first time. I'd keep it between 100-150 personally. Also some people have different thresholds when it comes to 'tripping'. 




 I wouldn't say I get anxious. No, I go in the polar opposite: I get giddy, excited, I act like a kid in a candy store who can pick out whatever he wants.  




 I jizzed in my pants! 




 And then Arnold came from the future seeking John Connor 




 I've always seen and heard that you should wait at least a month in between each time doing it  




 Spice  




 And you will probably feel this way for the rest of your life 




 My high changes based on what I have been doing within the past week or two, from the holy fuck I'm baked of being sober for that time or the I feel warm and fuzzy and colors looks warmer of shrooms 




 4 or 5. Jack would kill a couple people, then Anubis would gradually become faster and more adapt, learning all of Jack's techniques, and then being able to defeat him. If someone can link a good strength feat for Jack, then he could possibly do what Star Platinum did to defeat Anubis.  




 I was scared for you while reading this  




 They could also go through a bunch of home remedies and absurdities, including drinking piss or semen, enemas, amongst other shenanigans, before saying fuck it and doing all the drugs 




 You're taught to shoot for the areas with the greatest surface area and highest probability to hit. Also, I know a few people who own tazers and have been tazed myself, and it's not the worst thing ever 




 Don't stick your penis in that child 




 OH GOD KILL IT!!!!    

Then cook the body 




 Because sometimes you need a beer to cope with the spiders  




 Can we use implied feat to extrapolate army sizes? Otherwise, they collide and fragments break off, turning into cosmic debris  




 Reading this almost made me sneeze 




 Paris Hilton was signed by Young Money 




 Cooking, netflix, wikipedia

Edit: I now have a car and job 




 Furniture. My poor toes  




 Can you smell what The Rock is cooking? 




 Last Wednesday, I did a .3 of MDMA and settled into listening to some music. I was enjoying myself, immersed in my peak, until I heard a loud knock on the door. I couldn't answer it since I would not have been able to hold a conversation. So, my parents wind up being forcefully woken up, and there was an officer at the door who brought my brother home. It turned out that he fell asleep at the wheel and ran off the road. I found out the next day that my brother blew a .05 and he had snorted 5 Loritab (his words) and then I told him my situation and how scared I was that there was a cop in my house while I was rolling. He laughed it off and was thankful he wasn't taken to jail. 

Now I ask, what drug experience led to your biggest anxiety attack? 




 Does your grinder ever squeak? I have the same grinder and the thing does not shut up 




 ITT: acronyms  




 I remember whenever my cousin got out of rehab, he had to get his wisdom teeth cut out, and he said afterward the only thing they were allowed to give him was a little sedative for the operation and a higher dose ibuprofen.     

When I had mine done, I was sedated and given Oxy (I have no idea why) since Oxies seemed way too strong. 




 This reminds me: I need to get back into the swing of one of my hobbies: bowling.  




 As of when I was in high school, yes. Also I see them come by my house twice a day still, and that's even after moving states. Where do you live that they don't run buses? 




 Why didn't they just put the kid on the bus then if the parents can't get him to school on time?  




 The last time I cleaned my wallet out, I found 3 hits of LSD. I cleaned it out again today, thinking I was going to find something. Well, I found an emergency 20 bill I had 




 The last time I cleaned my wallet out, I found 3 hits of LSD. I cleaned it out again today, thinking I was going to find something. Well, I found an emergency 20 bill I had 




 Fruit by the foot sounds like it could double as a gay porn title  




 I see the decaying remains of a once thriving planet as it gradually settles into gas and cosmic dust, showing the true circle of universal life. Beautiful  




 Because the night time is most commonly associated with when people can relax because the hustle, bustle and competition of everyday life usually happens when the sun is up and most people are at work 




 Worst stoner ever, The Intercept:   

Okay, so a group of about 4 of us rolled up a couple blunts to smoke around before watching some Blue Mountain State. Everything is about normal, until one of the other guys (Intercept) goes to get water. He comes back, and instead of sitting in his chair, he walks over, grabs the blunt out of rotation, calls it an "interception" and proceeds to hit it...and hit it....and hit it. I have not smoked with this friend since because that completely ruined the circle. Even if it wasn't my weed in the blunt (mine was in the other one) that's still a shitty move. After that, I grab my weed and blunt, and leave,  saying I had somewhere to be. I've seen him do this with hookahs as well, and no one calls him out on it. Nice guy, just...that moment left a bad vibe on my [6]

My other one is the Storyteller:   

This was a couple years ago. I had a bowl packed and going around, and it was smoked. Highness was felt. Then my friend at the time packed a bowl and passed it around. About midway through the second bowl, my friend starts telling a story, and goes on for about 15 minutes (I looked at my phone clock) without taking a hit or passing it. So, I ask whenever there is a break in the story if he is going to pass the bowl. His response went a little something like this: It's my fucking weed, don't be a mooching cock sucker, I'll tell a goddamn story if I fucking feel like it, and if you don't like it, then you take your dumbass home and don't bother me again. Other people were visibly bothered by his drawn out, retold stories, but I decided I'd be the one to nicely say something. As a result, I do not smoke with this friend. 


I noticed in general my smoking circle has shrunk a lot, but the people who hit me up for stuff is rising. Also I have no problem with people telling stories, it's just whenever you're story is drawn out and there is a perfectly good bowl not being touched by anyone because one person is holding up the circle. I understand finishing your thought then taking a hit, because that is how I tell stories when stoned. 
 




 MP5 Deluxe. Also runs well between 3 people  




 Can Jules Winfield (Pulp Fiction ) stop Stone Cold Steve Austin (WWF/WWE) from saying what? 




 WHAT? 




 Based on what the chart bot showed me, I would attract a hookah smoking, drug using, bong ripping, comic book loving metal head who likes kittens. So basically, half the dudes on Reddit. 




 Not a single bit of love for Lars Ulrich? Or are we not allowed to like Metallica? 









 I tried to take off the top piece of a Kaloud Lotus without using the handle...I got 2nd degree burns on my hand after that one  




 Is that a horizontal diffuser? Also, I love the MP5 family! 




 Primus did the theme song for South Park 




 Smoking weed, making straight A's, living in my brothers shadow for a while, and some people thought I tried too hard 




 T

Buy tabs, go on adventures.      
Buy a Thunderbird, drive around.   
Implant titanium in my bones, be knockoff Wolverine.  
Live off Thai food.  
Buy toilet paper, stock up and resell during winter storms.     
Buy thermite, become the next Michael Bay.  
Buy everything else in the future as a technicality or theoretical expense.   




 Love the suggestions. Listening to John Williams though  




 Spring Awakening June 12-14, Soldier Fielf. Chicago, Illinois  




 Day 5: don't do them together. Coke kills MDMA rolls 




 $2700 at the most 




 Use a reagent kit. Seriously I've been sold meth and shit before, per my symptoms lining up with Erowid experiences. Don't trust it 




 Weed was for depression/anxiety.  
I took any pain pills I could find for my messed up back.  
MDMA gives me that open ability to talk about my life. 




 Officially diagnosed twice with Asperger's here. I can't talk to people well on a lot of things. Shrooms mellow me. LSD apparently turns me into a pretentious asshole  




 Update: loving the vibes. Had another friend suggest extra music so I should be good for most of the roll 




 I want to rip my bong sooooooooooooooo bad but I have a job interview Friday and a likely drug test next week. Haven't smoked in almost 2 weeks. It just feels like forever and my dreams have been weird. 




 I feel like this is every stereotypical stoners argument ever 
























 Voice leading can be the reason for almost anything 




 I get something like this when I smoke inside then go outside. Everything outdoors will appear more interesting, and I'll almost have a twilight kind of vision,  where the daylight is slightly dulled and the nightlight is more colorful 




 True for my location. When I worked overnights at Walmart, everyone was on something at some point in the night, and they gave you an hour lunch break. For me, this became a routine: smoke a bowl, eat lunch, smoke another bowl, smoke a cig, febreeze clothes (I don't like smelling like weed in public, even if it is Walmart) and return to my monotonous job 




 Mr. Sanders,

Thank you for taking the time out of your day to read over and answer some of our questions. I would almost consider this AMA a more modernized, albeit, less face to face, version of a town hall meeting. 
    
With that in mind, I am wondering what other communication styles you had planned, what with trying to get a forward thinking campaign moving under a third party banner. Do you feel that there are extra obstacles to be cleared because of your status as a third party candidate, and how do you plan on handling said obstacles? 




 I know what that's like. Except with too powerful of stimulants, I get on edge and quick to anger, which isn't helpful on a big frame and a short temper.  




 /r/tautology 




 Well; I mean, I still do 




 Panem et circenses 




 Raining Blood in my ass 




 I'm not gonna lie to her about it. But obviously enough, I'm not going to be fucked up around her  




 I got her to watch The Culture High a couple months back, so I might have started to get her to think a bit about it, but I'm not going to say for sure 




 Honesty is one of my big things. I don't care what you do (to an extent) just don't lie to me about it 




 Honesty was basically my entire selling point. I'm not the best looking or always the nicest, sweetest, or most eloquent, but at least I won't lie to her 




 She doesn't seem like the type to do so. And I have other habits that are frowned upon moreso than smoking weed.  




 As the title goes, I thought I found a girl who I would have been dating, but I found her apparent deal-breaker: she thinks it's the worst thing ever to smoke pot, yet she tried to claim that she supports medical marijuana.     

I then explained the differences in weed in illegal states, adding that we can't have dispensaries around, so it is difficult to find low THC, high CBD strains in decent quantity or frequency.     

She then sent me a message telling me her last boyfriend apparently lied to her about smoking. My thought is that if I'm honest with it, it won't be an issue.   

 Edit: I've seen all of the honesty related comments. I don't lie to people I care about.

The issue might be (if you look into my post history) I like drug use. So I might just be marking another girl off the already short "girls who are interested in me" list. Yes this is whiny. No, I don't really care right now.

I wanted to hear the subs thoughts.

Bonus: I forgot I asked her to watch The Culture High a couple months back, which she followed through on. So, I guess I made a little progress.. 




 The recommendation seems skewed a little high. I roll hard off of 300mg. The recommended dose for my weight (240) as 540mg. That's over half a gram!

Edit: recommended dose is actually 245mg, which is close to my normal range. I had my weight in kg instead of lb 




 /r/drugs read this comment. 




 4chan 




 You shouldn't call a black man a nigger, not when there are other options that are less used. I want to call that coon a jigaboo some days, and I might call that jungle bunny a porch monkey on others.  




 Hahaha the first time I got caught was the first time I saw a phone go through a TV. She ordered a new one and apologized the next day for her reaction. I was on Christmas break and decided to smoke some with a couple friends. My mom thought it was because of the people I was hanging out with. It was quite the opposite: I liked to smoke and I had the money, so I bought the weed and was repaid in gas, munchies, and ways to pass the time. I also sold to another group in very small amounts (my biggest sale in high school was a quad) and was making my own decisions and such.

Today, my parents know that I smoke; but I haven't tried to show them the reasoning. They refuse to talk about it. Remember, a phone went through a TV. They don't call me out on it or cause trouble because I look and act like a functioning young adult, unlike my brother.  I work, I go to school, and I have ambition. 

My dad has told me several times about how he has been around people who smoked but never smoked with them. He said he isn't a fan of the smell, but I once saw his face light up in happiness over my mom picking up lunchmeat. His eyes were bright red and he had "the grin" so I'm convinced he has smoked before, and still might on the down low. I've smoked with a few of his close friends, so I know they're not too worried about it.

My mom is the opposite. She has never done a drug in her life recreationally (she keeps her Vyvanse locked in her cabinet and takes only the prescribed amount) except for cigarettes and caffeine, if you want to get anal about it. She is an ER nurse, and with that,  I understand why she is against drug use in general. She sees the worst outlooks on a daily basis: ODs, kids (15-19) losing out on a long life, just the generally crippling effects of being lost to an uncontrollable addiction. 




 You will not take Sammy Davis Jr. from me!!! 




 That thumbnail has too uncomfortable of a resemblance to Joe Biden for my tastes  




 Well I saw the three faces looking at the moon as I gazed on. One demonic, the other two unlike it. As if I were forced to decide which one to trust  




 /r/bestof 




 /r/bestof 




 Because I don't fully understand what constitutes it. Yes, it is supposed to be a transcendental/profound experience, but I always understood that as a religious context. Also I could tell myself that I am in the middle of a trip still  




 Part 1.   

So at about 9 pm last night, I took a tab of acid, and let it do its work. The visuals weren't too intense but the feel goods and body vibes were beautiful. This lasted from roughly 10-1. I decided to have a smoke sesh, which created part 2 of the trip.    

Part 2.   

After this; I went into full trip mode, and laid in my backyard for 2 hours. It was dark, but the full moon made it look like it was daylight. Everything looked like it was a twilight time of day, and there was so much depth to the horizon. I could see designs and figures in the clouds. Weird enough, I saw 3 demonic faces staring into the moon, and I stared into it all. Once I could move, I entered one of the most intense and euphoric meditative trances in my life. I sat and I contemplated as much as I could, but I can only recall pieces at this time. I wound up falling asleep at sometime when my mind finally decided to give up from overload.

Rating.  

Part 1: ++ (I could still hold a full conversation with my mother)   

Part 2: +++ (I will not assign one of my own experiences as a ++++, but this is the closest I feel I have ever been to it) 














 I love how hip hop oriented this list is. I just got into Schoolboy Q and haven't had any complaints at this point. I started hearing songs from Habits and Contradictions at parties I'd go to; and it just stuck from there  




 At least I can do a good Dr. House walk now 




 Good word 




 I wish I had some. But none of my people deliver. At least I'll have a script for something by torrow evening 




 Hasn't helped at all in the past 24 hours 




 Never had it before 




 The first three have not helped so far. I'm heading to the er tomorrow to see what my options are. I already have prior back issues on record (scoliosis and nerve pain)  




 I totaled my car last night. I lost control coming home from a party, and struck an electric pole. I was sober that evening (blew a .00 and passed all assessments) I now have no vehicle to drive, and my mother refuses to take me to the ER. I'm going to get my brother to take me after work. Is there anything I can do to help deal with this pain? If not, that's fine. I'll put down an ice pack and take some Ambien. I just needed to vent. I already have a messed up back, and this did not help. 




 I'm going to ask the important question: how is it so far? 




 I cannot disagree with that statement. As I Lay Dying was huge when I was in high school 




 Rae Sremmurd- No Type.   

Any of my super angsty/metal core music.   

I'll remember more later 




 This is a pleasant surprise 




 And Lambesis is also in jail for murder. There is no point to this comment 




 My dial up days are hazy but one I remember happened about 10 years ago. I Google searched the words pornography and pornstar trying to watch port on my mom's computer. That was the day I learned about clearing Internet history 




 Victor Von Doom won't have any of your insolence! 




 She brought it on herself you know 




 Is this the Reddit account of Stephen A. Smith? 




 So you loved Norma Jeane, yes? 




 Smith? 




 I want to know how he is doing  




 Is there anything about Kevin? 




 Fruition?  




 You know it's a British source whenever they claim something to be rubbish. Also the .UK domain helps 




 The scene explicitly shows him kicking the midget. Like, moving his legs without assistance to do so

Edit: Is dwarf or little person a more APPROPRIATE term 









 Another user linked images of the City Museum in St. Louis. That is what you are looking for 




 I now miss growing up around STL.  




 Scorecard should read 2-1, favor Seals. Double tap policy 




 1st is now at 2712. 2nd just broke 2000. And I'm in 3rd at 1600 




 1300 as of now. Jaqlin and Pixie came quick 









 Mine had the opposite effect. I was at stage 840, and had just unlocked Mohacas when the app shut down. When I restarted the app, I was kicked back about 50 stages, but my highest stage shown was the previous 840 




 Mankind is made of the same building blocks as everything else we have discovered in our short history. Just a few basic molecules make up over 90% of the universe, yet there is so much diversity and beauty in our world. Life has found a place to flourish, amongst the rubble left from The Big Bang, and the results of the collisions of parts of said rubble. We are one planet, one pint sized, yet massive, grouping of molecular structures that has come together to create a collective life force…a drive, perhaps, to “advance” and “evolve” as numerous and diverse of species possible. It seems reasonable that there would be at least one other place in the universe that has this same capacity, and it utilizing it far better than any species on Earth would be able to compromise. We live in a universe that we have mapped a very small percentage of, said universe is constantly expanding, and we have already found at least one other collection of debris that has the possibility of being able to house some form of life. Scientists discovered that Mars used to have oceans, and that these oceans were found frozen under the surface of Mars itself. By extension, would it be fair to reason that Mars could have possibly housed lives before we as a species ever gained the collective power to be able to observe events that are beyond our planetary scale?
    
This understanding has helped me figure out some of the Nirvana and oneness that I felt during my last acid trip. I didn’t think of it the way I had typed it there during my trip, though. During, I felt myself sink into the ground, and fall into the Earth. When I had laid back down on my blanket, I felt myself floating up into the stars, and becoming the Hubble Space Telescope, in that every image I saw was clear, beautiful, mystifying, and vivid, yet I could process this through a computer so powerful and perplexingly fast that nothing man has done thus far has even come close to the processing speed and mind blowing capabilities of said computer. I’m talking about the human brain, of course.
    
To close this, I leave you all with a fitting quote from a man much more educated than I. “We are all connected; To each other, biologically. To the earth, chemically. To the rest of the universe atomically.” -Neil DeGrasse Tyson 




 Mankind is made of the same building blocks as everything else we have discovered in our short history. Just a few basic molecules make up over 90% of the universe, yet there is so much diversity and beauty in our world. Life has found a place to flourish, amongst the rubble left from The Big Bang, and the results of the collisions of parts of said rubble. We are one planet, one pint sized, yet massive, grouping of molecular structures that has come together to create a collective life force…a drive, perhaps, to “advance” and “evolve” as numerous and diverse of species possible. It seems reasonable that there would be at least one other place in the universe that has this same capacity, and it utilizing it far better than any species on Earth would be able to compromise. We live in a universe that we have mapped a very small percentage of, said universe is constantly expanding, and we have already found at least one other collection of debris that has the possibility of being able to house some form of life. Scientists discovered that Mars used to have oceans, and that these oceans were found frozen under the surface of Mars itself. By extension, would it be fair to reason that Mars could have possibly housed lives before we as a species ever gained the collective power to be able to observe events that are beyond our planetary scale?
     
This understanding has helped me figure out some of the Nirvana and oneness that I felt during my last acid trip. I didn’t think of it the way I had typed it there during my trip, though. During, I felt myself sink into the ground, and fall into the Earth. When I had laid back down on my blanket, I felt myself floating up into the stars, and becoming the Hubble Space Telescope, in that every image I saw was clear, beautiful, mystifying, and vivid, yet I could process this through a computer so powerful and perplexingly fast that nothing man has done thus far has even come close to the processing speed and mind blowing capabilities of said computer. I’m talking about the human brain, of course.
    
To close this, I leave you all with a fitting quote from a man much more educated than I.
 “We are all connected; To each other, biologically. To the earth, chemically. To the rest of the universe atomically.” -Neil DeGrasse Tyson 




 Mankind is made of the same building blocks as everything else we have discovered in our short history. Just a few basic molecules make up over 90% of the universe, yet there is so much diversity and beauty in our world. Life has found a place to flourish, amongst the rubble left from The Big Bang, and the results of the collisions of parts of said rubble. We are one planet, one pint sized, yet massive, grouping of molecular structures that has come together to create a collective life force…a drive, perhaps, to “advance” and “evolve” as numerous and diverse of species possible. It seems reasonable that there would be at least one other place in the universe that has this same capacity, and it utilizing it far better than any species on Earth would be able to compromise. We live in a universe that we have mapped a very small percentage of, said universe is constantly expanding, and we have already found at least one other collection of debris that has the possibility of being able  to house some form of life. Scientists discovered that Mars used to have oceans, and that these oceans were found frozen under the surface of Mars itself. By extension, would it be fair to reason that Mars could have possibly housed lives before we as a species ever gained the collective power to be able to observe events that are beyond our planetary scale?

This understanding has helped me figure out some of the Nirvana and oneness that I felt during my last acid trip. I didn’t think of it the way I had typed it there during my trip, though. During, I felt myself sink into the ground, and fall into the Earth. When I had laid back down on my blanket, I felt myself floating up into the stars, and becoming the Hubble Space Telescope, in that every image I saw was clear, beautiful, mystifying, and vivid, yet I could process this through a computer so powerful and perplexingly fast that nothing man has done thus far has even come close to the processing speed and mind blowing capabilities of said computer. I’m talking about the human brain, of course.

To close this,  I leave you all with a fitting quote from a man much more educated than I.
“We are all connected; To each other, biologically. To the earth, chemically. To the rest of the universe atomically.” -Neil DeGrasse Tyson 









 At a [7] and this made me start bawling uncontrollably  









 I've noticed lately that I've become the source of drug related information for my friends (effects, dosage, and such) I figured it was because I try to explain things to the best of my abilities, going beyond "it'll get you fucked up." 

Does anyone else have a similar experience, and if so, tell me you use your position of knowledge responsibly? 




 The cumulative hangover will kill me 




 General smoking etiquette for me: 
Don't be a cunt.   
Don't be a dick.  
DO hold your hit for a couple seconds (if possible)   
Always enjoy yourself.   
Oh and don't forget: smoke some, but only if you're not going somewhere where you're expected to be perfectly sober. 




 Replace but with and on all of those 




 A friend of mine and I decided to make a tray of brownies and started cooking our weed. Everything was going great until we both left the kitchen, and wouldn't you know it, goddamn grease fire. I haven't seen the damage to the place yet, but he is currently in the ER with burns and such. 

If you're going to use vegetable oil or anything of the sort, be very observant and never leave it unattended.

Update: He has 3rd degree burns along his right wrist and right foot. Also; he is dealing with the pain like a champ. 




 Bleezy 




 For those curious [Poison](http://i.imgur.com/HbKOBpr.jpg), [Dhalsim](http://i.imgur.com/C102N0s.webm).     
[And Poison's Trans Status](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poison_\(Final_Fight\)#Censorship) 




  Me and my buddy have been playing Ultimate Street Fighter IV with random characters. He gets Poison and I get Dhalsim. After the match we realize that this is factual. On an LCD tv, we just played a trans woman beat up a Indian dude on Liquid Crystals. 









 Gandhi 




 I'm on mobile so I can't easily link the thread but I saw one where the question was posed if Batman's Alfred was Sterling Archer's butler, and how things might have changed.

So now I'm curious, how would Batman's progression as both a person and superhero be altered if he were raised by Woodhouse instead of Alfred? 









 I already have trouble socializing sober, and it's even more difficult when tripping. Don't know how much used I'd be. 




 Brother is a Stims guy who love to fuck with paranoid people and can possible turn violent if he's tweaking and freaks out.

I am a psychs guy who gets easily freaked out in simple social situations and fall into my thoughts when I'm tripping.

Weird enough, we combine well when we've smoked enough and then do our drugs of choice. 




 Superman would be bribed away 10/10 for one simple thing.

Bulma's panties 




 It was hand grinder too. Does that mean it's not as good to snort  














 Okay so I binged. I had 3/4 of an ounce of weed, a 750ml of Captain Morgan, 10 xanax, and some morphine. I smoked a few bong bowls, then took 4 MG of Xanax.

I now have an entire weekend at Muncie Gras that I have no memory of, all my xanax is gone, there's some kief in my bag, morphine is also gone and so is my memory for the last 2 days. Wow.

And I had to get my car out of impound. 

Edit: wound up being about 12 or 15 bars missing. What the fuck?
 




 Chirp chirpp 




 I have a bong. And I've been dropping xanax bars like nothing. 8 mg in. Just wanted to let everyone known that time to yourself is wonderful. Also can I add morphine? 









 There was even a documentary about it a couple years back 




 Wrong state. Franklin County, MO is awful as well, bet it's mostly meth  




 Franklin County (assuming I'm thinking of the right one) brings back some memories. I lived in the county next to it, and trust me, I could see this stuff happening more and more as I was growing up: people falling into the wrong circles, getting hooked on substances, chasing highs. All in all, it's not worth it, but you can't really forget where you're from 




 You mean DXM lol. DMX just makes me want to smoke crack 




 It has boiled down to me having a lot of weed, a handful or two of xanax, and some morphine.  




 Made an edit 




 I have an undisclosed amount of money that was recently added to my bank account and about 3 days of down time before my new job starts. 

So, spending money is present, and time to recover is also present?

What should I binge on this weekend?

Edit: I have all my weed already purchased. I have about $400 I can spend. For the feeling, I want something where I can be social, and hyped up. Like I'm on top of the world without too much comedown. I don't need to feel lovey. 

Things I can get for sure: Xanax, various opiates (not touching H, personal preference) more weed, MDMA, shrooms, LSD, 25X series, Cocaine, Meth.

Anything else I should ask about? 




 This is how you would legalize weed in the South. Jesus did it, so should you, because that's what Jesus wants  




 Bonus: Majuub 




 That's one way to make it to the top 




 Then your dealer is in a car as well... 




 White people do as they please in this country. It's just a way of life 




 That is trippy and beautiful  




 And I have discovered something wondrous about me. Might just be the MDMA helping repressed thoughts 




 I discovered an entirely new thing I liked to do  









 On my current one right now, Candyflipping!! Just coming up on the Molly, wishing I had some weed though 
























 I will be done with any sanctions by the time legalization becomes a thing in Indiana, unless they clear retroactive charges.  




 Well, I should be able to plea out to where it is fines or community service.  




 Well yeah, the fines and bond repayment are going to fuck me up  




 Considering my court date is in a week and a half, that's not gonna happen  




 Well, I might have to stay in state with probation, but once that is done, and my degree is finished up, you best believe I'm moving to some other state.  




 Keeping it short since the case is under review. 

Main details: officer found my pipe and less than 3 grams in a not quite Bible Belt but still conservative state  (Indiana).    
I was charged with misdemeanor possession of Marijuana and paraphernalia. I'm now on at least a 5 year hiatus, pending I move to a legal state. 




 So my headlight went out, and I did not know it until I was pulled over. I had a roach sitting just to the right of my registration papers, which the officer saw. He then cuffed me and put me in his cruiser. He searched the vehicle (using the roach as probable cause) and found my script and less than 3 grams of Marijuana. I spent the night in jail, learned a lot about life, and almost made it through Pride and Prejudice (the book). 

So I have court next Thursday, and am meeting with a lawyer to get the misdemeanors talked down to something else...I have one for the weed; and one for my pipe. This is officially the beginning of a very extended break from marijuana (at least 5 years) and other drugs (whenever I'm financially stable again)

Edit: I'd like to add in that the officer never read me my Miranda rights, nor did anyone else who booked me acknowledge that those rights exist. 

Edit 2: Thank you everyone for your support, stories, and insight. I feel a little bit more optimistic about upcoming events.

Edit 3: I met with my lawyer today. We are likely going through pre trial diversion which involves me either going to NA meetings and the sort, or submitting to random drug tests. 




 It might not. But I could feel myself zoning out and forgetting shit 




 Update: I'm trying to think of where I left my weed...go me. I forgot I made this post. 




 I've smoked like 2 bowls, and took 1 mg Xanax  (prescribed 0.25). I feel a blackout coming. Like I'm zoning hard as fuck. 

Also fuck, if I get this call, I'm picking up some boy. Fuck. I can't combine these two since it is a deadly combo. I might have to wait to pick up my boy 




 This is so gay  




 Hellsing Ultimate Abridged. No one in my life that isn't on Reddit doesn't understand this. 




 Okay, so I'm at a [3] but I've had these thoughts everywhere from a [0] to a [11].

So I can smoke bowl on bowl of kush when I'm at a party or around people. When I'm by myself, I can hardly even finish one bowl. What gives?

Also, if I spend my time smoking kush you would think my tolerance would build up quite a bit. But, I can be high off one bowl of mid weed, be it when I'm with people or by myself...and I mean like a [7] or better. Again, what gives? 




 Millions, likely a couple billion, adults around the world consume a drug in some form, be it from a prescription, DNM, dealer, or other method. 

And yet, people go to jail for exercising their right to put a substance into their body. As long as they aren't a threat to themselves (think suicide) or the lives and property of others, people should be allowed to be as drugged (or sober) as they please.

Picture this: you're 18 years old, you have a couple MDMA pills and some bud (I'm talking less than a quarter) and an officer arrests you. If you're arrested somewhere more right leaning, they'll make an example of you, give you a felony, make you almost unemployable for life. Do they really expect you to be able to support yourself if they put a marker on your record that makes companies pass over you? No...this is how we create legacy criminals. 

Disclaimer: I'm not trying to generalize, I've just seen it happen more than it should. 




 Would you really expect Kim Jong-Un to have a sense of humility?  




 Viagra was originally created as a heart medication, with a side effect of erections city 




 Really? That's pretty cool I didn't know that. One of my buddies from HS had a catnip tree in his backyard, his cat would get turnt and prowl the neighbourhood

Funniest fuckin comment I've read all day 




 For context, my grandma broke her hip and might have to be moved to a nursing home. She is currently cycling through the following drugs (in the hospital) fent, morphine, Percocet, some other pill without a specified name, and Dilaudid when it gets really bad  




 As she lays in her hospital bed, she slowly gets foggy, more confused by the minute. And yet, you can see the pain in her eyes, clear as daylight. The nurse sends another drip through the IV. Her eyes lower, the pain gradually subsides, but that fugue, that damn fugue. 

She can't process what I'm saying, but she can hear my voice. It's the only reassurance she has. She says they have her so drunked up she can't think or see. I tell her to close her eyes, to try to relax, and catch what fleeting sleep she can. The surgery in the morning will drain her. She needs her strength to recover in the future, not to agonize in this moment.     

She comes back, a couple hours later, confused, wanting to talk and relax, but the comfort is not there. The painkillers do their job, but they ravage her mind. And so, they slowly dull the one part of her that is still sharp. She can't hardly walk, or take care of herself anymore, but her mind is still sharp. It saddens me to see her like this.

I cannot understand her distaste for the pain killers. She hates them so much, but she knows it's the only thing keeping her from being awake all night writhing and screaming.

These are the same things I would enjoy recreationally. Yet, I do not share this information. I can only wiggle in my chair, or think of how good a nod would be...just to forget that this is happening, if even for a moment. 

I weather through, and made it to today, sober, and no longer thinking of that urge. 




 Such disrespect for nature. It almost breaks my heart that people can't even pick shit up. Seriously, it's like I was taught growing up...if each person picks up one thing, then that would go a long way toward cleaning everything up.  




 Presumably MDMA 




 There wasn't a question at all...I just wanted to post that. But yeah, we sat around and played video games until we were both too high to do much, and bonded on it all. We shared things that we couldn't tell anyone else. We talked about everything from life to images to well...everything. 

By images, I mean he used to look the stereotypical emo part (jet black hair swooped to one side, brooding attitude, blaring Hawthorne Heights, and being an angsty mess in general) but now he's switched over to the "clean cut" look...mainly for the same reasons I had been telling him for a few years...good women like it more and people give you fewer dirty looks. 

I was also worried about being judged for everything...I told him about how I got hooked on Percocet, I've done the mainstream hard drugs (except for crack) I've taken benzos  (usually kpins or xans) I've done Stims, I've dropped L, I've tripped on shrooms, I've done X. And the best part was...no judgment, mainly because he was like "hey, you're an adult, you seem like you have your shit together" and then he told me a few stories of other people doing stuff, and then going overboard with it.  




 I'm hanging out with my best friend from high school tonight, and we just picked up an eighth. We started talking about things we've done since high school. He told me he only sticks to weed, has smoked spice, and barely drinks. I'm trying to tame back my half of the conversation, mainly because I don't want him knowing exactly what drugs I've done before...the list is not short. It's also because I'm geeking 




 Well, I smoke, and then go do productive things sometimes. I know that if I get to an [8] or higher, I will be generally unproductive, unless it involves a thought or well...not getting off my ass. Today, I stayed around a [5] for most of the day, and have been renovating (well, more or less, cleaning and organizing) a 2,000 square foot shed full of tools, antiques, and other collectibles. It gave me a good head space while cleaning, so it didn't feel like I was doing boring labor. 

Also, this was after the belt on one lawnmower flew off and couldn't be put back on, and the safety wiring went out on the other. 




 Which is put into a larger container. 




 They must be having a hard time keeping people over in tools and lawn and garden then, and are possibly understaffed. That, or the economy has taken a turn for the better since then 




 This has probably been asked a million times, but I believe that God is a human construct, and we all be good in any God's eyes, depending on our subjective viewpoint of what is good and what is evil. For every protagonist, there is an antagonist, and these can both flip based on perception. So we should examine why humans had the need to create a God. I have two thoughts on this: there are things we haven't found explanations for, so we use God as a means of filling that knowledge void, and also as a means of reassurance behind our insecurities (prayer or other rituals)

[11] 




 The moment when your friend's last name is actually Wall 




 Of course. But it's good to be getting my stuff from someone who cares and wants the best for me.  




 That's a good question. Probably clocking in at work, setting up my coursework for the next semester, and then getting a new TV and Xbox One to prepare for Fallout 4 




 I had no plans of it. Like I might have said, I still have a couple lines worth saved back that I haven't touched since Saturday  




 Yeah my dealer also helps keep me responsible. Like, I can't buy anymore for the next month. And I do appreciate your response. The tone came off as someone who has been there and done that.  




 That's because they make full commission, whereas I opted into a lower commission rate overall, but I have a guaranteed hourly wage 




 Having my schedule looked at by 2 people who have done the same thing, and putting most of classes in just a couple days will free up extra time to study and work. Coffee and Adderall might become my best friends  




 I'm hoping full time keeps my mind and hands less idle, and it will make my schedule more consistent 




 I would have to check with that. I don't need the insurance just yet, but I'd be interested in looking at a 401k plan, and retirement  




 I don't throw sales pitches or put people through hoops. I ask if they have what they need, and how I can help. If I can, fantastic. If not, that's OK too. I don't call myself a salesman...I use the term consultant instead  




 http://img.gawkerassets.com/img/17c6vme6nqw4fjpg/original.jpg 




 I work as a sales consultant for Sears, part time, about 25 hours a week. Depending on my college schedule next semester, I'm going to be made a full time sales consultant, meaning more (and my preference) of hours, and more importantly, more money and commission. I am excited for this, and I may move up further in the company! 




 And then there's cosmetology 




 It's my dick in a box 




 That is a tree every 3 minutes. Holy fuck that's impressive!! 




 I don't hate the drug by any means...I hate my dependence on being in an altered state to function. It was hell on me for a bit because it was like standing in front of a speeding train and telling it to stop 




 Most of my reason for stopping was that the drugs I was doing weren't doing what they were originally doing, and I had a bit of a mental breakdown from stress and depression, so I figured I'd let my mind get back to baseline 




 With that title, you would think I'm talking about cocaine. I'm not. The drug I'm talking about is sobriety. Well, except for the endorphins produced during a runners high. Anyway, I had a break on Tuesday night when I decided that I needed to slow down and smell the roses, or whatever shitty cliché goes here. Anyway, I have been completely sober for the past 5 days, save for when I run. I honestly don't know how I feel...serendipitous, I guess. It's like I'm meeting me again, if you know what I mean. I'm discovering old things about myself. I'm going to keep up with the running, see if I can't enter a few events. I'm going to focus even more on getting my MBA. I'm not even going to buy anything when I get paid on Friday.

All in all, I'm interested in seeing where my mind goes, and I'll probably return to smoking in a couple weeks or a month, but I'm probably not going to go into anything more serious again for a while if ever. 




 That's the show I watch when I do it doggystyle 




 You are so courageous and brave for your actions 




 Oxytocin? Nah, she isn't going to fuck OP. You're thinking of Oxycodone. 




 It's blend is blah blah blah, with the main thing being a strong shot of caffeine anhydrous (300mg). 




 This sounds like an Indiana thing? 




 That sounds more metal than drug use 




 I had 70 MG at the time but I had been on a stim binge since about Thursday night or Friday morning 




 I forgot whether sex stories needed an NSFW label. 




 Oh okay. I haven't had any ice in a while now, but God, if I could ever find it, I'd rail a line faster than you can say "hey train_subject2252, wanna smoke a blunt"

...mainly because I've had the urge to snort something, even though I usually parachute it, and I've only smoked it twice 




 I've never done H, so I wouldn't know.  




 Out of curiosity, what did you mean by saying I'm not an RC stim type? 




 Dude you're fine. I enjoy learning new slang for different parts of the US/rest of the world. When I moved after High School, I had to relearn measurement units for everything. 

Example: An 8 Ball where I grew up was 8 grams...hence the name. Where I live now, and 8 ball will be 3.5g, sometimes 3.7 if I find someone cool 




 My 3 Rares:

1) Opana

2) Oxycontin (prescribed once, been too broke to find a source since)

3) Desoxyn (never will find it again)

Edit: I missed the second part of the question.

My 3 Desires:

1) Heroin 

2) Ayahuasca 

3) PCP 




 Fucking plebe didn't even bother to put his hand over the smoke to finish up the hit  




 You're correct in your assumption...I don't do darknet markets or RC stims. I had Vyvanse in my system. Also what do you mean by the rest of your comment? Are you saying that one of us may develop feelings for the other? 




 I had a girl over this afternoon,  and we went into our usual routine of sex, cuddling, and whatever...except for the fact that I use substances and she really doesn't. The problem came about mid way through when I had to focus in so hard and close out all other thoughts just to maintain what erection I could possibly hold. Yep; I met the evil of stim dick face to face. Everything felt more passionate, and she started digging her nails into my back, but I could not get off to save my life. I love the rough ways. I love the intimacy. I'm going to fuck her again for sure. 




 I picked up a lighter from a rack on display at the gas station this morning, as mine was out of fluid. I looked at the display, and saw that the lighters were adorned with designs revolving around the Zodiac Sign. Even though the lighter does its job, I can't shake the vibe of using the lighter that isn't in my sign. If anyone's curious, the lighter is decorated for Aquarius, and I am a Scorpio 




 So I bought a zip because I got a big check, and had it planned out where I would share with my friends and myself, and make it last until I got paid again. Well, I get paid again in a week and a half, but I already smoked almost 3/4 of what I bought on Friday. I actually didn't share too much of it...I had some better bud saved for those occassions.

This was my first weekend of smoking almost an ounce in a long ass time, so I'm probably going to take a T break so I can reset and/or not bankrupt myself lol 




 Floating dust particles. Sorry, science isn't my strong area  




 Riddle me thus then, my fellow ent: How can someone be on the surface of the Moon without wearing full protection or suffering from frostbite? Or, alternatively, how the hell do you keep your windows so clean? 




 What effect(s), if any,  would taking a fat burner have on me this fine day? I took some Vyvanse about 3 hours ago, and I was wondering if it would mess up my appetite?

Edit: Is there a reference happening because I've seen the same comment 4 tines from 4 different users 




 /u/shittywatercolour 
/u/thisstorywillsuck  




 I grew up in a heavily right wing, uninformed and closed minded family. Things I've heard:
1) Drinking makes your toes turn black.   
2) Acid makes you retarded.   
3) Weed is highly addictive, makes you stupid, and you're a burnout if you do it.   

It's almost as if they want to maintain their "perfect" family image, and will cut people off for deviating even a little.  




 Yeah it was real stuff. We were the only family members we could open up to about substance abuse issues and other somewhat taboo topics, and I was the only family member who was willing to pick him up from rehab (he got hooked on meth toward the end of his senior year of HS)  




 The last 2 days have been hard on me. It's been 1 year since my cousin committed suicide and all my emotions resurfaced. We were each other's closest family members; what with his mom ODing, his Dad ignoring him completely, his brother in and out of jail, most of the family not caring. He stayed with his grandpa who he never felt he could really talk to about things. I talked to him an hour before he passed, and everything seemed fine. He just got promoted to foreman at a construction place in Kansas City, he met a new girl, and said he was recently Baptized. 

I found out a few hours after that call while I was work. I had to leave because I broke down on the spot...there was no chance of keeping it together. 

I met more of his friends from high school and life (we grew up about 4 hours apart, and didn't see each other often) and I could see how much he was loved, how much he will be missed. 

I saw some of the photos on Facebook that people were tagging him in yesterday, reminiscing over his influence in their lives.

He wasn't even 21 at the time...so much youth, so much life, taken away from us. 

Thank you all for reading this and being here. 




 All of them growing up. Thought the PSAs were true...DARE and the government weren't allowed to misinform people.  




 There was a study published a couple months ago (don't remember the source but found it on /r/trees) that showed that smoking before 17 could lead to possible cognitive issues (more research is needed) but smoking at 17 shouldn't cause too many issues.  




 I just found an awesome solution to my grinding and jaw clenching in my room: my retainer. Even if I were to clench, it doesn't cause as much discomfort or irritation. Also, it helps keep my teeth from looking too fucked up again, which, in addition to genetically dark eye circles and such, makes people think I'm a tweaker before they get to know me. 




 On the day I turned 18, I went to hang out with my best friend at the time and his family. His parents pulled out about half an ounce and gave it to us for my birthday. I wound up smoking with them that day, and the outpour of thoughts and life advice were so sincere. 

His parents were complete opposites on almost everything except for green: they both smoked. He was the clean cut military type, and she looked like the hippie stereotype. He told me about his time in the military (he was in just after the Vietnam War) and the insight into how they make it through everything in life, from raising a family to finding one's Zen, helped me grow a bit as a person,  and what they said that day makes even more sense now 




 So, I officially hit my 6 year mark of smoking weed a couple weeks back. I started reflecting a bit and I realized the more I smoke, the more I gravitate toward an older crowd (I'm almost 22, so I'm still in the young smoker group) I'd rather smoke with older people who I can sit around, talk to, blaze with, and learn about life. There's no bravado, no bragging about being "turnt" or "fucked up" just a collective understanding that we've all been high before, we've all partied before, but we prefer to keep things a bit more chill and lowkey. 

I've mellowed out to the point where the things I used to worry about seem so insignificant now. 




 "Accidentally" 




 You made yourself sound Batman as fuck 




 70mg is the max recommended dose at any one time from what I could find. I don't know enough on stimulants to tell you what that would equal in dexedrine 




 I was coming off of my binge last night at work when I decided to smoke on my lunch break. I put in eyedrops and everything, and I wasn't noticed. It wasn't until after work that my manager asked if I smoked, and by instinct, I said smoke what.? So; he knows I smoke, and I haven't found a decent time to ask him if he does. 

Sorry for the unrelated story. To answer your question, I use weed to cope with my comedowns. It regulates out my appetite, so I actually remember to eat. Good food puts me in a great mood.  




 Yeah I figured I'd wait and see how I feel around 7 or so. If I feel kinda ok; I'll just power through on caffeine and health food 




 Matilda 




 Alright thanks for the advice. I'm just gonna take it like the other one, go kill it at work, and see what Saturday has in store to follow up tonight 




 When I'm out, I usually have a straw to chew on with whatever drink I'm having (usually water if I roll) 

If I stay in, then I will just put in my retainer and clinch away, because it isn't fucking up my teeth anymore 




 That's gonna suck tomorrow...sweating through an undershirt into my dress shirt possibly while I'm trying to explain to someone in my super fast but slow to me English why they should buy the $3000 mower from me instead of anywhere else, even if they don't offer the same brand. Or I'll have to be on phone calls all day....fuck that. I'll take some now and see if pouring out part of the capsule and snorting it will help...like. not a whole cap before work...and I have eyedrops  just in case my eyes look too messed up lol 




 This is a return to stimulants for me. I took some time off to show myself that I could still complete tasks perfectly sober (except for being baked) 

Anyway I took a 70mg Vyvanse a few hours ago and I'm still Goin pretty good on it. Should I take another, so I can get my shit together before work at 0800? It's an 800-1800 shift.

Yes, I'm using military time. No, I'm not in the military, I just use their time system...family is in the medical field so it feels standard sometimes. 




 I went out with my brother to chill, you know, relax from the work day. We packed several bowls and I had me a mixed drink. Well, he runs me to his dealers house and he picks up some more bud on top of what I already have, as well as about 12 Vyvanse. Anyway, my brother and I take one 70mg capsule each (he breaks the capsule but I don't). We then go to a house party where everyone is either crossfaded or tripping on acid. It was a fun ass night thus far. We went to a titty bar and enjoyed the show as well as free drinks. But yeah, I'm back at my friends house now, where the tripping roommates are playing NBA 2k15 and the high/speeding people are playing Call of Duty: Black Ops 2. 

I'll probably take another capsule to power through work. Might look up if I can snort it so I can knock that craving of snorting a line of anything out of my way. 




 ...derp. Sorry I got on a stim thought track and let it run 




 That is roughly $115,000 a year. What the fuck?  




 I'm just a guy behind a username with no likely significance to your life. You have no reason to take me up on this, but if you need someone to talk to, my inbox is always open.  




 So they're banning legal highs but letting alcohol still be legal? Seems like a loophole to me  




 I've had enough associates over the years who have told me they don't make their margin off the herb. They make it off the people who will pay for the pills, coke, heroin, and other not weed things. Don't take my Statement as an absolute though....your experience may vary  




 I had a terrible craving last night for something to stay up and do productive shit on. Well, no one helped me out until after work today. So about an hour ago, I snorted some Dexedrine and bought about 15 70mg Vyvanse. I didn't think I was feeling it until I got my perpetual stim jaw clench (yes I have magnesium on deck) and I'm about to go take my weekend by storm. Yes, I have to work tomorrow, but I can push through another 8 hour day, and get a good deep sleep after work. My mind is racing but my thoughts are so focused. It's like everything is finally running on 1 wavelength for the first time in a good while. 




 I work in consultative sales (technically retail) and in my experience, we stay over as the situation calls for. I've stayed over a couple hours to cover when other people called out. I've stayed an hour over just to make sure a customer got exactly what they came in for. The point is, the people who complain about having to deal with someone 5 minutes before close are the people who either need some time off to relax, or need to find a different field of employment. Yes, it's inconvenient, but my belief is that if you pass on good values and great service, the karma will come back around in other aspects of your life. 




 Both are harmful to their respective environment and adds pollution to both locations 




 Thank you automod 









 What good is eating chicken fingers (the good kind) if you aren't drunk and stoned? 




 I have a wonderful job, a life that I wouldn't dream of changing, and people in it who help me succeed. Anyway, I feel like I might be a polysubstance dependent person, not addicted to any one thing, but enjoying the deviation from sobriety. If I'm broke, I'm drunk off of cheap liquor and high on Reggie. If the money is good, I still drink the same liquor (I love the taste) but smoke kush. I'm always looking for the next thing I can try,  but if I can find Xanax, Crack (on occasion) or another drug I can be at parties on, I want to do it/try it if I haven't already. I just wanted to open up a bit about me to people who won't condemn me for living the life I live, or won't talk to me because I do certain things, or have access to them. I'm drunk as fuck, but thank anyone for reading this useless tirade 




 I feel you on this. I'll be at a party, playing a song, and then someone will be like "oh man that song was dope...in 2012"  




 Ricky is that you?  




 /r/nocontext 




 /u/trollabot train_subject2252  




 /r/subredditdrama 




 Wear your mullet with the confidence of a Hemi 




 Hey a reference I get. That makes 2 out of about 100 something 




 Quarter circles up 
























 Not Really...it just wasn't as impactful, or the people weren't as meaningful 




 You don't need validation from others. You're alive. That's what counts  




 He did. I don't feel like I did though 




 We both graduated in 2012.  




 He's not a bad dude, just incredibly insecure. But he also holds some petty grudges and still somewhat irrationally (in my eyes) dislike some people. 

But hey, he's one of my closest friends. 




 Are you smoking to cope with issues? Do you do other things? Do you spend your time sober? 

Look up the CAGE questionaire. Even though it is used primarily for alcohol, you can substitute any substance for alcohol.  




 I'm 21. I don't give a shit whether you're 5 or 85. If I can learn something from you, then I will be glad to learn 




 At least you know how fucking magnets work 




 Weed 




 I have caught myself mid swear before around children and tried to correct myself. Children and family are the only people I don't swear around (outside of a professional setting) 




 Having someone else tell me I have a chance is wonderful. And of course I plan on wooing her. It would be foolish of me not to 




 It could be true, but I refuse to believe it. I would have to be the same...or brainwashed to be compelled to like her then.  




 This is true. That, and I'm assuming she's like me, not big on jumping on the relationship boat 




 I had leftover credit from my app store, and your comment was reassuring.  




 Thanks for the vote of confidence 




 But...she's 23 




 I don't think 23 qualifies as teenager though 




 I will. Just you know, not aggressively  




 You think so? I'm not 100% sure but the only things that are 100% sure in life are that we will pay taxes, and George Washington was the only unanimous choice for President 




 It's such a weird way of wording it though  




 I honestly believe I do.  




 Of course. I have enough past mistakes to know when something coming up is about to be wrong on my part  




 I have a shot?  




 That could be it. I'm thinking positive on this one 




 And that double negative weirded me out  




 I'm with /u/RulerOfSlides on this one 




 Well, I told her what I've been dealing with lately, and she said that it's almost fascinating that I can seem so level around her, and in general. Anyway, I apologize for being so distant and not making that extra effort to charm her. That goes over well; and I ask her if she really likes me (insecurity on 100 right here) and she tells me that she doesn't not like me. Idk how to feel about that. 




 Likewise, if a rep tells me they don't need an e-mail, then they are looking for another source of info 




 That is wonderful. I'm sure mine would do the same, but I haven't seen any evidence of it in the last 7 years...minimum 




 I wish I had that reassurance from my dad. We have no common interests, but I wish he would tell me he cared, without being forced to do so 




 At least yours tries to give you direction. Anymore, my dad and I only exchange the small talk you would see between two people forced to be in the same elevator together 




 Mine has been around physically, but it only seems like he is around to Harp on the slightest thing I've done wrong, never offers any positive encouragement, and blatantly favors my brother in every facet of life 




 I posted over in /r/depression with all the details about my situation, but I had a separate question. What's it like to have a loving, supporting father? 




 I'm not suicidal (anymore)   
And I'm able to get myself out of bed on a consistent basis for things other than work. 

I just wish I had 2 parents who cared about me and wanted me to happy and prosper in life.  




 He's not off the cheeseburgers, lookin like that. He's obviously on the cheeseburgers 




 Your abbreviation of Olive Garden made me laugh. Haha OG shit 




 The first half of this is used as a title card in a later episode of the Boondocks 




 WHAT DOES THE FOX SAY? 




 "You have enemies? Good. That means you stood up for something, sometime in your life."

-Winston Churchill, A.K.A.

NOT FUCKING EMINEM 




 Or even better, have Cage travel back to 1776, and kidnap Thomas Jefferson while he is holding The Declaration of Independence 




 Shenanigans? 




 Littering and...smoking the reefer 




 I've always been wary of anyone named Emily (or any spelling thereof) 




 Good luck! If you need someone to talk to, I'll be available. I'm going sober as well 




 This post means a lot, especially as I am increasing my therapy schedule for my depression. I decided to go more frequently after surviving my last suicide attempt. I've tried three times in the past 6 months, and the main responses I've heard were "oh its just a phase" and "what do you have to depressed about?" 




 You sound like my best friend from when I was at Ball State  




 Except his terrible PR is actually helping his poll numbers. Old, white Americans hate things that aren't them, including the young, blacks, and Mexicans...and they hate them even more if they are a combo of previously stated demographics 




 Ha! Have you ever heard of Reaganomics? Or seen our prison statistics...by percentage, not number 




 "I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived." - Thoreau

-Thornton Mellon 




 That's what I'm saying. They should tie him to a tree, beat him half to death, shoot him in both his legs, and leave him to die.

And since he is an illegal alien, we should ignore the 6th and 8th Amendments 




 I thought California had the 3 strikes rule? 




 Doesn't Supes treat Olson like shit on several occasions  




 People's Elbow has so much more hype. Many more people have seen Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson use the elbow than Zelda using "The Knee of Justice"

More people have seen the WWE/WWF at its peak than SSBM/SS Brawl/ SS4 




 Most street level characters lose at round 4, if they don't already lose at round 3. Dhalsim is a range attacking mofo who breathes fire. Reed Richards is not what I would consider street level, either by his intellect or powers.  




 They are 3 of the most consistently crime and violence ridden cities in the U.S. over the last 15 years or so. 

Personally, STL is only bad in the north and east, and certain parts of the city itself. 

Source: born and raised in the area 









 I just did my math...also 25 grand in 4 years. An extra 25 grand? That's a down payment on a house 




 Not with the new CBA. He'll sign 1 or 2 at the most, then restructure when the salary cap jumps from 60 mil to 108 mil  




 I added rounds because I forgot to address this  




 This includes composites of other actors' roles, as well as particular characters. 

Also: exclude the fact that he played Jesus Christ in the film Pilgrim's Progress.

Y'all can add in more roles that he has played, but right off the top of my head, he has played:

Ras Al-Ghul    
Gawain (Excalibur)   
Qui-Gon Jinn    
Oskar Schindler     
Aslan (Narnia)   
Zeus (Clash of the Titans)   
The guy from the Taken movies

Edit: Rounds for this.

Round 1: using movie roles only. 

Round 2: using source material only. 

Round 3: anything and everything goes (except for the Jesus thing) 




 The owner of this laptop will respond, they will get their laptop back, and then this post will end up on /r/bestof

I give it 24 hours 




 Panem et Circenses.  




 That looks kinda trippy 




 Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, if you can handle it or follow it 




 Literally dozens 




 37? In a row? 




 Weed best be numero uno in an area where it is actually legal  




 I wake up early, decide to watch a movie on Netflix, I'm thinking Taxi Driver, why not....good film, great film. Wouldn't you know, Netflix just removed it from their services 7 hours ago!?!?! 




 Nah they shouldn't. I'm getting my suit pressed just for this 




 Arrested. Can't be around, or test positive for THC. But my BAC can sure rise 




 Good info 




 Kokomo 




 I may not be able to indulge in my #1 activity anymore, but I can sure as fuck indulge in activity #2: drinking 




 But if we burn it, then how can our Lord and Saviour Nic Cage steal it? 




 Dude that sucks. How did they get the consent to search the car? But yeah I'm calling around tomorrow for lawyers to see if they can drop my record, and what they have to say about not acknowledging my Miranda rights 




 Thanks bro 




 I'm doubting that; the more I read.  




 Blue state vs red state differences  




 Reading is my Xanax for when Xanax isn't available. And I'm reasonably good at making first impressions so I should be ok.  




 That's because it is medically legal in Illinois, as far as I know 




 I was told that it was more than likely going to be worked down to a littering charge, which would be a moderate fine and some community service 




 I'm thinking it will be fine. I'm only 21. Just some fines and shit to pay 




 It was what the state trooper and CO I talked to told me. I'm just a little worried because I've never been in legal trouble before. Not even a speeding ticket 




 That's funny, but no one around had a sense of humor 




 I am 21. I was forward with the officer, told him what he would find when he searched the vehicle, and admitted what I had was mine. 




 Yeah. Idk if Narcan is even legal as well  




 If I'm caught with anything in the next 5 years, it's an instant felony with jail time, so I'm going to be overcautious 




 Thank you very much. They got me a quick court date, so I'm thinking they have more important cases...or its a decently quick court system in Indiana 




 He probably didn't bother with reading my rights because the most talking I did was small talk on the way to booking. 




 That is interesting 




 I'll just see how everything falls into place tomorrow.  




 I've talked to a few people who have been in my shoes in this state. They said that I could get the charges pled down to just a fine and either community service or rehab 




 This is why I'm seeing a lawyer 




 Well that would be insanely fucked. Then I probably would find my way into a jail 




 What did they get you for, and what kind of punishment are you looking at, if you don't mind me asking? 




 I was thinking Miranda v Arizona but I don't know if that will apply here 




 Uh it's literally a Supreme Court precedent. Miranda v Arizona 




 You're telling me. At least I have drinking. I can legally do that 




 Probably not, but I don't plan on being back in there in any capacity, so I honestly don't care about that. The guy in the cell with me looked like a legitimate Aryan skinhead...but who knows  




 I only know about Dresden because of Kurt Vonnegut 




 Indiana. 

Edit: Where most people are hard laced conservatives, every drug is equally horrible and our governor thinks SCOTUS made the wrong decision.  




 I had nothing else to do, so I asked for a book or something to read. It was the only book they had, apparently  




 It stunned me more than anything. I figured he would either take it himself to smoke, or throw it out.  




 I'll still ask either way, but I don't expect it to change a thing  




 What state is that? Because mine is going to likely be fines. They could press for jail time, but I have no priors, I cooperated with everything, I'm in college and have an almost full time job.  




 Not set up. Just the CO started telling me about people who went down the wrong path in life while I was changing into my jail clothes. And the other guy just happened to be in the same holding cell as me...they said he was arrested about 25 times in his life.  




 Talking to my lawyer tomorrow about it, hoping everything goes well when court rolls around. Sending good vibes your way! 




 My dad called me a drug lord. The CO and I had a heart to heart, and I had a long talk with a habitual offender. 
























