 just because he's sitting in a normal chair doesn't mean his legs are functioning. I imagine wheel chairs get uncomfortable after a while, and maybe the chair hes sitting in is stationary, so he couldn't set his wheelchair up anyway.  




 how much money did you originally pump into this? 




 my aunt is a heroin addict. the second time she went to rehab, she met her eventual husband, another addict who fathered her child. shes obese beyond belief, and is ruining the lives of my grandparents. she has never had a job, and has lived off the kindness of others for decades. anyways, whenever we would have family dinners, she would be invited, just so we could get her 8 year old son into a positive environment for a little while. know its small, but one of the things she did that got under my skin the most happened on my aunts birthday. i was sitting at the kids table, (im too old for it, but i was playing with my little cousin) and my cousin was super excited to eat the cake we had. he spent all of dinner talking about it, just pumped up, because he never got to eat awesome food at home. anyways, desert rolls around, and my aunt gives him some cake. now, as i said, his mom is super obese, so we never give her cake and what not. as hes trying to eat the cake, she keeps nagging him to give her some, and threatening to ground him and shit if he doesn't. eventually he gives it over. it was just so fucked up to see something as innocent as a little kid eating junk food to be poisoned by such a terrible person. of all the things she has done to my family. stealing away her sons childhood is the most unforgivable. 




 i have read killing joke, dark knight returns, long halloween, all the really popular stuff. wondering if there are any super important batman reads that arent as popular as those titles.  




 not enough people live in most of these areas to justify the billions it would cost to build these stops. i hate awkwardly busing around as much as the next person, but this isn't an investment that would ever pay off.  




 clearly the work of drug kingpin, todd cannot be stopped 




 I drop my phone a lot, looking for a VERY sturdy case, at a low cost. help? 




 Thank you, its good to hear that there are other people out there who understand what this is like. I just don't think I can ever fully explain what I am feeling. Like when I first tried to explain things to my family, no matter how much I said, I could never really describe what I felt. I know I need to use the resources at my disposal, I just don't really know how. How can I be honest with other people, if I have a hard time being honest with myself?
 
























 I mean 2014. The april exams 




 Thanks. Does anyone know when the winter exam schedule is posted? 




 What is the last possible day I can have an exam in april? I am applying to summer jobs, and i need to know what the absolute date latest ill be available is. 




 I have never been planting before, and am applying to a few companies in Northern Ontario. just wondering if there is anything i should or shouldnt say in my applications/interviews.

Thanks 




 Im in first year and planning on applying to the drama program through playwriting. can anyone tell me about the portfolio submission process? what kinds of writing they are looking for? odds of being admitted? thanks 




 how bad of an idea is it ti use cr/nrc in first year? 




 could you tell me a bit about the course? what types of assignments, difficulty of exam, how good the prof was, thanks  




 need another course, preferably something with a light workload, pretty much has to be a humanities course.  
























 Just wondering when I will get my exam marks back, i wrote them yesterday, and this morning. they are humanities exams. one of them was for a seminar, if that's of any relevance. thanks! 









 whenever i open the camera app, and navigate to my photos, my phone screen goes black for a few seconds, and i hear a click, and it restarts. everything else works fine, only a few months old. running 4.4, not rooted, hoping someone knows the source of this bug, and whether or not its just kitkat being glitchy, or something is wrong with my phone. 




 reminds me of the clover field monster. 




 awesome, thanks for all the info!

i hate to bother you with more questions, but i was wondering if you knew any ontario companies as well? 

I'm trying to apply to as many companies as possible, I'm really hoping to plant this summer! 




 Im a student, but I'd like to treeplant at least for the next 4 summers, potentially even after I graduate. are there any companies you can recommend applying to, as a first year planter? 




 whats the advantage of planting in the west? and is it possible for first year planters to get jobs out there? 




 sweet, thanks 





























 this finally confirms my suspicion that girls in fact do shit. i have been lied to for years. 




 http://www.urbanoutfitters.com/urban/catalog/productdetail.jsp?id=25490293 any thoughts on this bag? does anyone have experience with herschel? 




 i was hoping to spend at most around 70 dollars, but that might not be an option considering some of the other responses.  




 "oh shit, i saw a picture of a shark, it must be in my room! lets get the hell outta here!" 




 looking for a new messenger bag, for cycling, school ect. already tried mec, the options werent super great. thanks! 




 this eerily reminds me of the change in dynamic between lucky and pozzo in waiting for godot. 




 i call bullshit. you have to write your instructor's name on your essays, exams, pretty much everything. either you REALLY never went to class, or this is a complete fabrication.  
























 "FOR GONDOR!!" 




 i am pretty out of shape. i was just hired for may 1st. what exercises should i do to get in shape for planting? i have assess to a gym, pool ect. 

thanks 









 could you expand a bit on the negative attitude towards rookies? how were rookies treated differently than veterans? 




 is there anything you still feel like you need to accomplish comedically, or have you reached your artistic goals?  




 is this a legitimate company? how do they treat rookie planters? anyone planted with them before? thanks 




 asteroids like this one are the reason the government always keeps a rag tag group of oil drillers on hand. All would be lost without the wisdom of Bruce Willis and co.  




 pretty sure thats what it means, either that or 6-8 
























 does showing up and participating get you 100 percent?  




 they have yet to train me. i was hired sunday, and am supposed to be emailed about my training date, however they havent contacted me. i was hired as a cashier, so i definitely wouldnt be screwing them over by quittng. i just cant decide if i should tell the second store about the other job via email, or during the interview. thoughts?  




 so i should respond to the email inquiring about an interview with the second branch as if i hadn't already been hired by the first one? and ill bring up that i had already been hired during the actual interview?

by the way, thanks for your input, i really appreciate it! 




 the second branch emailed me asking about a phone interview. should i say in the email that i have already been hired by another branch but am interested in working at this one, or should i save that for the phone interview? 




 I applied to a supermarket chain, and on the website i was able to apply to multiple branches at a time. I was contacted last week for an interview for one branch, about about 25 minutes from my house by transit, and immediately after accepting that job, i was contacted by another branch, a 2 minute walk from my house, for a phone interview. what do i do in this situation? what do i say to the second branch?

thanks

any response is appreciated 




 a guy named Cameron with a scar on his stomach let everyone call him c-section 




 doesnt really mean anything. people just need their space. you didnt sit next to anyone in the lecture either.  




 ropey rampage-donkey kong country II 
























 You forgot it in people- broken social scene

In the aeorplane over the sea- neutral milk hotel

Illmatic- nas

Music from big pink- the band

Sgt. Peppers lonely hearts club band- the Beatles 




 fair enough, but i think the consequences of failing this course arguably outweigh the annoyance of taking and additional half credit, at least in my situation, being an english student. do you need a science credit for a commerce degree? 




 yeah, i got 30/60. our marks were also 6 points higher than they would have been, because she boosted them. i might end up dropping psych, im too worried i might fail 




 try redreader beta, not super popular, but awesome nonetheless  




 i think you still get the breadth requirement. do you know when the marks will be available? I'm in the same credit/no credit situation.  




 im pretty sure i bombed it, i spent way too much time reviewing lecture notes, instead of studying the texbtook. might drop the course and try to get into a big idea course next year to fulfill the science credit for my degree 




 class is taught by prof luby, what do I need to know for the midterm? her outline was incredibly vague 




 is their any way to access the marking scheme short of having an awkward conversation with a ta?  
























 the top part looks like a giant artichoke  




 it makes francis way too nixony. I never thought of him as Nixon, however I think the blood is a nice touch 




 What weighs six ounces, sits in a tree and is very dangerous?


A sparrow with a machine gun!
 




 should have used the bat credit card 




 this is one of the only intensive courses avaiable for this summer. im a humanities student, just wondering how difficult this course will be 




 was the wait list just too long, or did rosi not let you sign up? 




 could that just mean that they are 100 level, and not necessarily exclusively available to first year students?
 




 thinking about taking a big ideas course next year (my 2nd year) wondering if thats an option, and how competitive the sign up is.
thanks 
























 need a laptop for university, as well as some work related stuff. mostly going to be used for word processing, some video/picture editing, zero gaming. Ideally the laptop would have an ssd, or at least a hybrid. I am willing to pay extra for a great keyboard/trackpad and a great screen. I really want this laptop to last 4-5 years. willing to up my budget if need be. thank you 














 Between work and university I use my laptop a lot, and it can be quite bothersome to carry something heavy. I am looking for something lightweight, with around a 13 or 14 inch screen, solid battery life, and powerful enough components to run games. i dont game so much, but id like to be able to run skyrim, arkham games, ect, and have them looking fairly ok. thanks! 




 hi,

one of the classes I am currently enrolled on has alternate lecture that is at a more convenient time. this other section however, has a wait list. can I join the wait list for this other lecture, without losing my spot in my original one?

thanks 




 Shia Labeouf 




 For you 




 Jagers 
























 After you finish the last episode the netflix poster changes from Matt in the original black costume, to Matt in the red suit. Pretty cool.  




 He was busy running lines for his role as Victor Petrov in House of Cards season 4.  




 I get how my comment could be seen as referring to her ass, but I didn't intend to draw attention to that.I honestly just thought it was interesting that the editors chose to include that shot in the trailer. Black Widow has something of a rotating arsenal, and hasn't been given a staple, sort of character defining weapon, the same way other MCU characters have. I saw the inclusion a shot of these guns as interesting considering this contrast. I think she is definitely sexualized within the MCU, but that really isn't what I was trying to point out. If anything, its indicative of a larger issue of our perception of the character, and perhaps more broadly women in popular films like those in the MCU, that you, and maybe other redditors, would assume I was attempting to make an objectifying observation.  




 if you look closely at 1:06 you cans see the rectangles on ultrons hand brighten just before he fires his laser  




 black widow's got some pretty sweet guns at 0:52 




 Hi everyone,

I am currently working in my application to go on exchange next year, and was wondering if anyone had some tips as to what I should discuss in statement of purpose.

thanks 




 I think you are being unfair and unreasonably presumptuous. I do attend class, so I know the Prof didnt mention this during lecture, and I didnt expect to hand in this essay late, I just happen to work 30 hours a week on top of taking a full course load. My question really doesnt have a great deal to do with the prof, so much as it does the hours and staffing at Jackman Humanties. I simply want to know if my paper will be stamped as one day late, if the due date is friday, and it is submitted on a saturday. I am worried that it wont be stamped until monday, at which point it will be seen as 3 days late, despite being submitted just one day after the original due date. 




 thanks, but it says on this courses syllabus to drop the ssay off at jackman haumanites. what im really curious about is: if its due on a friday, and i drop it on a saturday, will it be marked as 3 days late, or just one day late? 




 hi, the late penalty for a class im taking is the standard 2 percent a day, i know this incudes the weekend, i was wondering how i would go about submitting the paper on the weekend? the syllabus indicates late essays are to be submitted at jackman humanities, if i submit a paper on saturday, will it be marked as if it were handed in on monday? does someone check the dropbox on the weekend?

thanks 




 Neutral Milk Hotel's early finish is an absolute tragedy. 




 Yeah, hopefully they're able to adapt the story-line without sacrificing too much of the original ideas. I think Black Panther is a solid choice, as him being foreign and new to the world of the Avengers will position him as unbiased and neutral, and through his eyes the audience will be able to impartially view either side of the civil war. His recent introduction into modern society is a great stand in for Spidey's pure intentions, and  corresponds well with the growing moral ambiguity in the MCU, especially considering the collapse of Shield, and Tony's role in the creation of Ultron.  




 It looks like Black Panther, aka Chadwick Boseman is essentially going to take the role of Spidey in Cap 3.  




 has anyone else played Spyro: Year of the Dragon? this reminds me of the games starting area.  




 maybe fillion would work better as allan scott?  




 a funnel for butt chugging. 




 I have a prof who insists that students caught using the internet or checking their phones during lectures will be removed (not from the couse, just from the lecture on that given day) he also has said that he will deny entry to students who are late. does he have the right to do this? are actions like this supported by any university policy? 
























