 I agree. Sometimes I feel like minority characters are thrown in just to say they were included, but lack any character development. Like T-dawg from The Walking Dead.  




 Wearing comfortable, casual clothes to the office. If I could wear a hoodie and my favorite lazy pants to work I'd be so happy and on time. 




 That God was going to kill my family members because of the inappropriate or mean thoughts I had. I spent alot of time trying to edit my thoughts. 




 Andouille sausage 




 What if I'm not fat but I want pancakes on Wednesdays? 




 My comment doesn't mention the jury's decision or anything related at all, so what are you talking about?  




 It's hard to be black on reddit most days honestly 




 Same here, makes notes in class much quicker. People always look at me strange for using it.  




 There is no "goal" to evolution, it is a phenomena. Being poor, ignorant, and unattractive are all temporary/changeable states and not really disabling. It is about populations as a whole, not really down to the individual level.
 




 You're a natural at freedom! 




 He touched you didn't he? 




 All of us aren't on welfare or utilizing subsidies... 




 I'm not saying movies equal real life but explain alot of hood movies like "ATL" that have pool scenes? It doesn't add up. 




 I'm a black women with hair and I swim quite often for exercise, my hair is fine. It's only hell if you don't wash the chlorinated water out afterwards. 




 She coulda paid tuition five times still strippin.  




 MY AXE? 




 I put up my profile on a popular online dating websites. I received a "flirt" from a guy I think is attractive and seems quite nice (I'm a female). What should I say in my first few messages to help us get to know each other? Are there specific things I should avoid? I'm totally new to the online dating world and don't want to mess up a good opportunity.
 




 I put up my profile on a popular online dating websites. I received a "flirt" from a guy is think is attractive and seems quite nice (I'm a female). What should I say in my first few messages to help us get to know each other? Are there specific things I should avoid? I'm totally new to the online dating world and don't want to mess up a good opportunity.  




 m'kay 




 Dad get off reddit and go to work! We don't have lights for Christ's sake. 




 Her mom got impregnated near San Francisco  




 Girl here... I fine short muscular guys very attractive. Tall muscular dudes are kind of intimidating to me.  




 How low can ya go?  




 AGCILF? 




 Ask him about his pocket sand 




 THONNGGG! 




 That you J-Swift? 




 Art thou feeling it now Mr. Krabs?  




 Bio major here, it's not required unless you're within a life science major 




 What city in Ohio? I'm hoping to move to Columbus in the next year or so! 




 Ames, Iowa. Gooo Midwest! 




 Nice to hear:) 




 Thanks for the great input, much appreciated:) It's nice to hear that you had an experience as an individual instead of designated racial representative. 




 It would be Johannesburg in South Africa. And yes I was leaning towards Amsterdam actually. It seems to be beautiful and quite diverse from an outsider's perspective. And yay for the hair products, I was assuming I'd have to stock up beforehand. 




 What does YMMV stand for? And i wasn't calling our experience in online dating as "oppression", more like being overlooked, from my friend's perspective. Oppression would be being banned from the site or reduced rights in comparison to others.  




 My female friend and I decided to venture into the online dating world together, using OkCupied and POF. I'm of Dominican descent and she is a biracial American, I feel we are both cute:) We have had some hits and misses with the whole online dating scene but nothing terrible so far. My friend muses that we've had less success than some of our fairer skinned friends because people see dark brown skin and automatically dismiss us as possible companions. Raptors, do you feel like this happens alot in our dating scene? As an oppressed group you would think we'd be a little more sensitive to other groups' plight but maybe not. 




 I'm in the process of choosing where I would like to study abroad as a part of my graduate school curriculum but I'm a bit stuck on where I should choose to go. I have the option of Ecuador, Peru, Spain, Amsterdam, South Africa, or London. It would be for two months. I'm also nervous about being a black woman overseas, I generally know what to expect as a black woman in the U.S. but I'm not sure how things might be different in other countries. What have your experiences been like? Would you go again or recommend it to other black women? 




 Where/when was he dissing black women? 




 Black woman here: there's lots of styles available besides the afro and not all black people's hair is super kinky textured. 

Source: Curly and wavy haired black woman:) 




 That title is da real mvp 




 You weren't the only one. I kept waiting for the timer to change  




 My professor will put up partial slides and you have to come to class to fill in the rest of the material.  




 I'm not sure how it works for OPs school but at mine you had to answer from your registered phone or laptop. It could still work if you gave your friend your phone 




 I'm just starting out as a runner and wondering what places or routes in Ames are good for running (and probably some walking since I'm new)? Preferably outside of the gym, I'd like fresh air and scenery. Thanks! 




 Everyone knows tampons are Satan's little cotton fingers up inside you. 




 My PA gave me a handy little list of things to help: Pinch nostrils below the bridge of your nose, if that doesn't work apply something cold to same area. Another option is to use a product like Afrin that causes vasoconstriction and slows blood flow. Also helps to keep the area moisturized.  




 Yup I got my right nostril cauterized last year after enduring years of half hour long nosebleeds. After missing an exam because of a particularly bad one, I went to the doctor's. The pain was minimal and so far I haven't had any reoccurrences.  




 Gay marriage has been legal for awhile now in Iowa bro. 




 Thanks for doing the math on that, it's interesting. With that being said, when I was 21 there was no way I'd date someone who could still be in high school. I feel like there's a lot of difference in life experience still. Just my opinion though, I know some would. 




 Even you're too young. Robert E Lee made this song to ride into the war. 




 Stephen from Django Unchained. Yes, I understand the need to survive in a hostile environment, but that level of Uncle-Toming and snitching is unacceptable. I cheered when he got shot! 




 #5 is a legit problem for me. I've worn the same guy's shirt from Express at the same time as my male lab partner on more than one occasion. 




 Cotton-headed ninny muggin 




 That was gnarly! Made my face hurt a little. Very cool! 




 I'm a proud owner of a vagina and I'm pretty sure my vagina doesn't extend that far up 




 Crab people 




 Poor lil Tink Tink 




 Goes to Iowa State University, can confirm. It's either Carhart and cowboy boots, or Uggs. 




 There are probably hundreds of us, hundreds!! 




 Waterloo/Cedar Falls is ok for raising a family. Went to high school there myself. 




 Yes, got to love the bars and football 




 I go there at least once a week or else I actually crave it. So good! 




 Your name makes me want Chipotle.  




 How does it feel differently (more of a match) if it's the same nerves that were part of the clitoris before? Just trying to understand more clearly. 




 True. In place like S.A. you have to live there for 20 years before you can apply for citizenship (but who wants to live there anyway). And it's sort of ironic that it's more difficult to immigrate to Mexico than to the U.S. 




 Looking for love in all the wrong places and/or with the wrong people 




 I learned this all too well in college. Couldn't believe some of the ignorance that came out of m Phd-holding professor's mouths. 




 Please read another verse Father Thiosk! 




 Eat the sandwich Dave 




 Why all the focus on mothers? Is it some cultural thing, I mean I know insulting someone's mom is a good way to get anyone going. 




 You must be talking about the baby boomers? I'm 23 and know I'm not ever gonna see any of that shit. 




 I'm sure everyone has seen the rankings of PA schools, but how much does it really matter where you attend school? This is an honest question because I'm really not sure which program to pick. I was aiming for a school close to home so I will receive in state tuition, but people have been telling me to aim for more "highly regarded" programs. Will the school and program I choose really affect my career path as a PA? 




 * How do roommates avoid conflict and ensure a happy living space for all?

* What did and didn't work well for you in the past?

* Should roommates share food and dishes? 

* Splitting the utilities when someone is always leaving the lights on?
* Personal space, guests, and quiet hours?



Please share your tips and relevant stories that might aid people sharing apartments, town/houses, etc.  




 Is it looks, personality, career choice? What makes you unique or the odd man out? 




 First of all, sorry if anything in my title was the wrong terminology. Ok to the issue. I'm at a point in my life where I'm not sure if I'm a lesbian or if I'm ftm. Yes, I know that one is a sexual orientation and the other is gender identity, but to me the lines sort of intersect.

I've lurked here for awhile and noticed I do some of the same day to day things as others on this sub. I wear men's cologne sometimes, definitely a fan of Calvin Klein boxerbriefs, and try to downplay my femininity to a certain extent. I would love to cut my hair into a tapered cut, it's long now, but I'm afraid of parental and sorority sister backlash. 

My identity time line went from bisexual in middle school, lesbian, to now wondering if I'm trans. When I was a kid, I actually cried over the fact that I didn't have a penis and was devastated when I got a period and grew breasts. You couldn't tell me that the world wasn't over, I was so uncomfortable. I tried to pee standing up and God help the person at McDonalds who gave me a girls' toy. I was happiest with hotwheels and nerf guns. 

I'm 23 now and my style is a blend of men's and women's styles. I'm ok with my breasts and body but sometimes envy the athletic male body type and fantasize about having it myself. I date femme women. Has anyone else gone through the struggle of trying to figure out if they're a "mannish" lesbian or really ftm? Sorry for the novel and any poor choice of words.  




 I'm currently renting a room within a person's home on a month to month basis for $500 in Iowa. I paid a deposit but we never signed a specific rental agreement laying out terms. I've been here for a week and don't think this situation will work out because her kids are more unruly than I anticipated and conditions aren't as advertised (wiring and water pressure are shot). I have lined up a new living situation but havent signed a lease yet. What are my rights as far as getting my deposit back? Should I consider my first month's rent lost? I have messages saying the deposit is refundable from the landlord. Thanks for any advice. I'm new to living on my own, this is my first year out of university housing. 




 I've been in the area for several years but this will be my first time having to drive to work and school in the winter this year. Up until now I biked and used the Cyride. I realize it's August lol but I'm considering buying a car with AWD so I'm wondering if the winter months are bad enough to justify the purchase or if I could get by with my Camry. My commute is about 15 mins. Do they clean the streets fairly well? 




 I'm considering Cincinnati as a potential place to move after I finish PA school. I'm originally from the Midwest and Cincinnati seems big enough without being intimidating like other places. My questions are: Do you think Cincinnati is gay friendly? Do you think there are things to do for someone in their mid-twenties? How is cost of living?  




 I don't know how many of you saw the video about the older black woman cooking a "raisin turnover" yesterday but some of the comments caused me to ask myself "why do I keep using this website?!" I know there's good and bad to everything, and sometimes I really do enjoy Reddit, but sometimes the "justified racism" and ignorance causes me a lot of frustration. What keeps you coming back to Reddit? P.S. this is one of my favorite subs, it keeps me coming back!

Edit: title should by continuously 




 I'm in a bind and I need $1,300 to quickly pay for a debt I have at my university. If I don't pay by the 20th of August, my enrollment at school for the fall will be cancelled. I've been considering Discover personal loans to pay off the debt and then pay it off within the next six months. Does anyone has an opinion on Discover's loans? Or maybe my best bet would be going through a local credit union? I appreciate your feedback! 




 Lets hear some stories or good tips!

Edit: Can someone also answer if it's in bad taste to follow up with a company about your shortcomings as an applicant? Thanks guys, I'm grateful for all the helpful answers! 




 I've been searching for one bedrooms in the Ames area for quite awhile and finally decided to share a house. It's a pretty large house. I get my own bedroom and bath (for the most part) and shared common areas for $500, including utilities. I'm just curious what other people are paying in the Ames area. Too me it's kinda pricey compared to my hometown. If you're aware of any decent rentals available, feel free to share:) 




 Like I mentioned in the title, I recently lost my job. I've been searching for something within my field and the jobs I've found pay a lot less or would require me to move and commute to school. At this point I think my best bet would be to break the lease and find somewhere more affordable to live. I haven't moved in yet (it starts in mid July)  and the lease was an agreement with a homeowner, not an actual business.  What advice could you give to make this situation end as amicably as possible? What should I know? I'm in Iowa.  




 First time car owner here!

My main concern is the undercarriage of my 2006 Camry, is the underside supposed to be this exposed? The muffler and undercarriage just seem to jut out and I'm unsure if this is normal:

[Link to pic I took](http://i.imgur.com/TkGMZGu.jpg)

And my second question is, what would you estimate a repair for minor leaking at the pan gasket and steering rack boots? 

Thanks!


 




 Is there any chance there's an Ames reddit meetup happening? Or is anyone thinking of attending the Des Moines meetup at Waveland? I think it would be fun! 




 This week I attended a social justice conference and decided to sit in on conversation about transgender issues. One of the questions raised was, what makes someone a "real" woman? My immediate thought was anyone born with two x chromosomes, but is it really that simple? We're surely more than our parts. Others thought a certain style, personality or aesthetic made someone a female. Such as kindness, maternal-instinct, or being graceful or girly in dress. I felt like this description left out say, butch or more masculine females, who certainly do identify as women. I struggled with this question way more than I anticipated! So I am wondering how do you personally define womanhood?  




 I just purchased a 2006 Toyota Camry and would like to tighten the steering response, is there a way to do this? I previously drove my mom's Mazda and miss the tight response of the wheel. It takes a little more maneuvering with this camry. Thanks for any advice! I don't know a ton about cars, so if this the wrong terminology, sorry!  




 I thought asking fellow biology lovers would be helpful with my genetics homework. My teacher has given me fitness values and frequency of hbA and hbS in a population. 

So far I've found allele frequency for hbA and hbS in this population: p=0.135 and q=0.865.


For the second question I'm supposed to calculate allele frequency for the next generation. I've been over my notes 20 times but keep getting the wrong answer. I would like some help?

EDIT Someone wanted to see the whole problem:

6. In an area on the East coast of Africa with minimal medical facilities the fitness 
of HbA/HbA = 0.2, of HbA / HbS = 1.0, and of HbS / HbS is 0.1. The frequencies of 
these three genotypes in a newly arrived population of colonists are: 
 
HbA/HbA HbA/HbS HbS/HbS 
 0.75 0.23 0.02 
 
a. What are the frequencies of the HbA and HbS alleles in this population? 
b. What will be the frequencies of the alleles in the next generation? 
c. Considering the original population to be generation 1, what will be the genotype 
frequencies (at birth) in generation 3?


For the third we are supposed to calculate genotype frequency at birth for the third generation? 

Thanks for any help! 




 I wanted to get people's opinion between a 2007 Mercury Milan with 59k miles on it for $8995 or a 2009 Ford Fusion SE with 79k miles on it for $7300. Both of them drive decently, get good gas mileage and safety ratings. I'm not sure which brand will be more reliable in the long term, I'll be driving it at least for the next 5 years, probably more. This is my first car as a college graduate. I have a good job I'll be going to in the biotech industry this June, so my money is ok. Which car do you think would be the best purchase overall? Thank you! 









 As a minority in midwestern America, I pretty much know what to expect from day to day life: will probably be one of few in my science courses, might get looked at twice by the cops, never worry about sunburn. But I'm getting close to the end of my undergraduate years and would love to study abroad in Australia or the Netherlands, but I'm afraid of having a negative experience so far from home and have no clue how I might be perceived in a foreign country. POC (or friends of POC), how did your experiences away from the U.S. go? Would you do it again? 




 I'm applying to PA schools soon and have very small bills like car insurance ($100) and cell phone ($60) that I need to maintain, plus rent if I choose to go get an apartment. 

How does everyone pay their bills? Do you take out the entirety in loans? What if you have car loans still active while entering?

Thanks from an eager pre-PA student! 




 My basic situation is this: I'm a college senior about to graduate with a B.S. in biology, applying to physician assistant programs in a year or so. I currently have $21,000 in debt ($230 a month starting in December). I work part time making $11.50/hr as a lab assistant in the Biology department at my school. In the fall, I'll be taking one or two extra classes to complete the prerequisites for the PA program I'd like to apply for. One of the classes I need to take is quite far away and I have no car and there is no bus that will go that far out. There is a 2010 Honda Accord with 40,000 miles for $12,500 that a friend is offering to sell because he's leaving for military duty. I have only $1,000 saved and would have to take out the rest in loans. Would you advise against this? I chose the Honda because they're reliable and after a devastating car accident 2 years back, I'd like a car with good safety ratings.

My second question/problem ties into the car issue above. Next fall I could be a community adviser, which would make me eligible for free housing, which would save me about $630 a month. They will pay me $325 a month, but I'm limited to working 10 hours per week of outside employment, which is practically nothing. At most I might make another $420. Total around $745.

My second option would be to just get a regular apartment here for around $550-650 per month and most likely be working full time. I doubt I'll find a first job paying more than $12/hr.

First, I'm not sure whether to take out the car loan. It is necessary but I'm terrified of taking out a car loan with student loans looming 6 months away. If I take the CA housing position, the $325 could cover car and insurance, but not a ton of money leftover for groceries etc. Or just rent an apartment normally, and pay $660 for rent a month, probably $350 for car payment/insurance and other expenses. I'm sorry for the wall of text and I tried to make it as clear as possible. This is the situation I'm currently stuck in. What do you believe would be the most fiscally responsible thing to do? Thanks for any help or pointers. 









 I've been watching the news lately, and have heard talk of the U.S. denying aid to places like Uganda in response to the new bill that was recently signed making gay relationships punishable by law. In regards to Russia, Obama has stated his disapproval of what is happening with their "gay propaganda" law. On the hand, it is very well known that lgbt individuals in places like Iran or Saudi Arabia are mistreated but I don't see as much of a response on the U.S.'s part. A friend and I have been wondering/arguing, why the difference?
 









 For the question we are supposed to determine what is the probability of the first child having schizophrenia since it has an uncle with the condition. I'm not sure how to solve the problem without a pedigree to off of. Here is the prompt:

A couple has come to you for genetic counseling. The woman was adopted and has just learned that her biological brother has schizophrenia, although he is the only member of the family with the disorder. The couple is expecting their first child and are concerned that the child might have schizophrenia. The frequency of schizophrenia in unrelated individuals in this population is .01.

Thanks for any help! 




 I hope this is the right subreddit! I donated blood with the Red Cross awhile ago and they told me that I'm a good match for sickle cell patients. Apparently I have CEK negative blood, but I have no clue what that really means. Could someone explain what that is and why I'm a good donor for sickle cell disease patients? I'm a biology student so don't be afraid to use technical terms. 
Thanks!  




 Let me explain, if case the title isn't clear. I was just in class getting the notes I had missed during Friday's lecture. Group mate proceeds to ask where I was on Friday, and I say I was in Kansas City for MBLGTACC (aka the big gay conference, you should look it up ). I realize they have no idea what the acronym stands for and I explain it's basically a networking/partying opportunity for LGBT folks in college/higher education. Cue the interested nods of some of my group mates and cricket sounds from the Muslim female member of my group. The rest of our interactions during class were kind of tense and awkward, with her avoiding eye contact with me. We'd previously been friendly up to this point! Does anyone else get the coming out of the closet deja vu? I haven't been out very long and I'm wondering if it gets any better? 




 Glaceau has a new drink (new to me until today anyway) called "Sparkling Fruit Water. 0 Calories, 0 Sugars, less than 1g Carb. Really tasty and carbonated kinda like pop, which I was beginning to miss. It's only my first week! [Nutrition Label](http://i.imgur.com/DBEvPrr) and [Drink bottle](http://i.imgur.com/1kP3CwB) 




 I'm deciding whether I would like to apply to medical school to become a doctor or whether to attend PA school. I've researched the differences in educational requirements and basics like that. But I'd like to know the day to day and overall differences in the way doctors and PAs practice medicine. I'd appreciate the observations or experiences of those who work in the healthcare industry. What factors made you choose doctor/PA over the other? 









 Can someone explain this phenomenon biologically? It seems like with solo or partnered sex I always feel the need to urinate. If I don't finish to orgasm and use the bathroom, I actually do pee. I'm not drinking alot of liquids before sexual activity. I thought  orgasm and urination couldn't happen at the same time, or is this only in men? If someone could clear this up, that'd be great! It's sort of annoying actually.  





























 One of the most popular "Mexican" places in my hometown is Carlos *O'Kelly's*. Needless to say it's not very authentic. 




 Not the OP, but my recommendation would vary based upon whether you want over-ear, on-ear, or ear-bud type headphones. 




 Snoop Dogg and Ice T 




 Agreed, wish I had the skills to restore one of these. I look at pics of my parents' first cars and just drool. 




 How to fry chicken or how to properly diddle a vagina. Not in that order of course.  




 Because in some ways Reddit understands me more than my own family members.  




 Ayyy?  




 Rap must be changing cause I'm at the top and ain't no one on top of me 




 What's gonna happen in three years?  




 Send pics and maybe we can arrange this ;) 




 Does your wife work for her own practice? I'm just asking because a friend of mine is worried about going into debt from buying a business. She's in dental school now. 




 Depends on the outcome of their lie. If it's pre-donation and usage of the donation, they will be put on our permanent deferral registry and wouldn't be able to donate anywhere in the country. Huge red mark.

If they make it through donation, it's a different story. When I was going through my training I was told about a guy who ended up doing jail time for possibly contaminating the supply and fined several thousand dollars. Outcomes will vary. 




 HIV and prion diseases are totally different beasts.  




 I worked as a phelbotemist at a blood center for awhile, basically every potential donor has a long questionnaire that includes questions about potential sexual lifestyle hazards. If you are a male, have you ever had sexual contact with another male? Medical supervisors review questionnaires and anyone deemed a risk is permanently banned from donating. It basically relies on honesty because I've seen people who are gay donate (I don't know if they're sexually active or virgins or what).  




 Why only white lesbians? Do you have evidence of HIV rates behind high among lesbians of other racial groups? I know your statement was a hypothesized, but still.  




 Citation?  




 Including MSM, black women, etc 

Not all black women have sex with men. Source: am black lesbian and regular blood donor 




 -J. R. R. Tolkien 




 What's the reference please? 




 Same, and I get the weirdest looks like I can help my froggy throat 




 Thirded! 




 Save face by saying thank you for your service  




 Either public health/epidemiology or a physician assistant program. I'm having a hard time deciding which career I'll enjoy best in the long run.  




 Sounds like you saved your son from what would have been a difficult childhood. This doesn't happen enough, glad it worked out for you. 




 Trying to decide which master's degree I want to pursue and watching Christmas flicks 




 Pinch and roll? 




 Your commitment to multi-tasking is impressive 




 It's like the Fedex version of bootleg Gucci 




 Congrats on the addition to your family! Was the process of adoption difficult? I'm unfamiliar with what happens between fostering and adoption. 




 Serious question, what's to be ashamed about? If she looks good, she looks good. 




 Did you try to rob Madea? 




 EEEEEEEEEH YOOOOOOOWWW! 




 I totally see your point, I think the reason it's often called "feminism" is because while men do have some issues in our society, women have more "catching up" to do in terms of social equality. For example how women weren't always allowed to vote etc. 

It's often named in terms of the group that needs uplifting. Like how gay people are trying to get the same marriage and non-discrimination rights as straight people, so "gay rights".  




 Hope this doesn't come off as weird but what kind of underwear are those? They look super comfy! 




 Happy Kwanzaa? 




 Do do do do do doo, do do do do doo 




 DOOM! 




 Pork butt and taters! 




 When I was a kid my dream was to grow and be on that show. I couldn't wait to steal someone's career. 




 Fell in love with a straight girl.  




 Anogenital warts? 




 ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED??? 




 As an anxious person, I rehearse all the way up to the second date. 




 I love lamp 




 [Relevant: Dave Chapelle's "Law and Order"](http://www.cc.com/video-clips/3vk26x/chappelle-s-show-tron-carter-s--law---order----uncensored) 




 I'm not sure "mischief" and "biscuits" rhymes 




 I'd love to see Bill Mays sell a product like this. TOO SHORT TO INTERACT WITH YOUR COWORKERS? CALL NOW!! 




 Argh yer a dime piece Harry 




 Just bought a vaporizer! You are not alone my fellow raptor! 




 And guac too! 




 He's a bit too late if you got that far. 




 The silence of disappointment 




 Am I being detained? ^I ^hope^so 




 I'm surprised he's not full of his large ego 









 She's gonna get passed around more than a blunt at Snoop's house. 




 I'd honestly be a little afraid for my safety 




 Where else will I put my sharpies? 




 Phallus fiesta! 




 You can't turn a ho into a housewife son. 




 Why are the cybrid buses the worst to drive? As a passenger, I like the seating in those the best. 

Do you like to drive the mini Cyride buses?  




 acception

3. acceptation - the act of accepting with approval; favorable reception; received meaning 




 So what were the geological events and data behind the parting of the red sea? 




 My friend is from Uganda and I asked her the same question. She said as child everyone seemed rich and well-off. She said it seemed like there was a lot of racial harmony despite everything that happened. Also, the whole pull yourself up by your bootstraps opportunity for everyone. Boy was she in for a rude awakening.  Not to say she dislikes America, but everything is not as warm and fuzzy as she thought it would be. 




 So are you saying physical appearance isn't a factor at all in your attraction and lust for someone?  




 Thou, I liketh, thou 




 How has it been introducing her to your family and friends, assuming you're at that point in your relationship? 




 Smize 




 Sounds like Iowa 




 I know you probably didn't mean it this way, but for most people it's not a "life choice" 




 We better go occupy it  




 Where are we gonna go though? 




 Ella... 




 Any idea what will happen when Andromeda and the Milky Way collide? [serious question] 




 Big ass pinky 




 Aw hamburgers  




 Poor little feller' 




 Whoever captioned the pics needs to replace Billy Mays or my local weatherman. Would read hysterically again! 




 If you'd ever had a pap smear you'd know 




 I'm in a Latina-founded sorority also, can I ask what org you're in? 




 These hypotheses are really interesting. I'm the youngest of five and also left-handed. No else in my family identifies as LGBT, that I know of anyway. 




 0 to 100 




 All the corners? Must be a hooker 




 Bye, Felicia! 




 I wonder how everyday tasks like eating or kissing would be affected by this condition? 




 De-chinned by the minge 




 Yup, can't make a sandwich or give head without a chin 




 Aw that would hurt my feelings a little. Then I would be like, fuck you guys, me and my new jaw are getting all the bitches. 




 Not quite two, but older than one  




 This might revolutionize the porn cleanup industry! What will they think up next?  




 I understood this reference.  




 Don't this shit make a nigga wanna!  




 Jaasooon Derulo!!  




 Down in your mom's pantiessss!  




 But gives less burn than your Mom 




 Yes, that was my go-to lifting song a couple years ago! 




 [Top comment from another thread?](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/2h9aer/seriously_dont_ask_me_what_its_like_to_write_hit/) 




 At this age I feel like it'd be a bunch of dust poofting out 




 As a lesbian, sounds like a good way to go. 




 Can confirm your mom loves my Dad. 




 My parents got me from Ikea 




 For the past two months I've had issues with my internet connection working for an hour and then being unresponsive for an half hour or more. My amateur troubleshooting skills have found the following:

[Error message](http://imgur.com/hqSDZnD)
 
[CDM Reults 1](http://imgur.com/gbwxVgk)
 
[CDM Results 2](http://imgur.com/DMrO4Wx)

I have no idea what any of those results really mean. Any insight as to the problem or a solution would be great. Thanks from a frustrated college student. 




 I'm just gonna mail all my gross candy pieces to you ok OP? 




 We finally get some press for something besides the caucus! 
























 I've used those cheap travel sized deodorants after shaving or when I get ingrown hairs, works wonders. Of course I wouldn't use it right before hooking up, would taste gross I imagine. 




 Why not talk about your job? I feel like for most people in their mid twenties it's a common experience. 




 Aww:) 




 People talk about gay and straight people all the time, no one says gay and normal. That's not really a fair comparison either. Being gay requires not treatment or feelings of dysphoria that often come with being trans. 




 hole concept of maleness and femaleness

heh 




 I'd rock the hell out of that outfit. I would love to find something similar at broke college kid prices. 




 Interesting, I was born a female (identify as well) and went through the same thing. Hated my budding breasts as a middle schooler and broke down in tears when I got my period. I wore sports bras all the time to try and conceal them. Felt like my life was over for some reason. I remember getting into epic battles with my mother over wearing dresses to church,  but I was not having any of that shit.

I'm 23 now and am no longer uncomfortable with myself. It's really weird how this stuff (identify and so forth) works. For what it's worth I am a lesbian though. I hope you get the change you desire! 




 Can I ask how you correlate breasts with womanhood? Many women (like my sister for example) are practically flat-chested or have them removed for surgical reasons, but don't seem to feel dysphoria. What is it about your penis that bothers you? I'm just trying to understand what you're feeling. Would you rather have a vulva, clitoris, period etc? 




 They're thumb thumbs from the Spy Kids movie.  




 [My first thought](http://www.halftime.georgetownvoice.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/thumb-thumbs-spy-kids-_140248-fli_1374075531.jpg) 




 Sorry I only use credit cards
 




 Plasma is one component of your blood, among other things. They separate it from the red blood cells, those go back into your body. 




 Former Biolife employee here, there's a lot of in-house training that goes into doing phlebotomy (needle sticks). While the majority of the people in a center aren't nurses (maybe 4 tops) there's a ton of reading and training videos to go through before you even do a stick and then a month of shadowing before you're able to do sticks on your own. If you're not cut out for handling needles you'll get stuck doing reception. 




 I used to work for Biolife and can say the in-house training for phlebotomy (needle skills) is top notch. Can't speak for other center though. 




 The penis 




 Weird how genetics work like that. 




 estrogen ridden version of my mom

Wouldn't it be testosterone ridden? Assuming you're male. 




 That bomb pussy! 




 Can anyone tell me a good website to watch these kids movies? Most of them aren't on Netflix. 




 Instructions unclear, girl ripped in half 




 Smart! I want one too now.  




 Red Starburst would like a word with you 




 Pics of balls for science? (female here!) 




 AAALLLL the right junk, in all the right places. 




 No, Xanax is a benzodiazepine which has more of a sedative, muscle relaxant effect, very good for panic attacks. 

Beta blockers can mediate the physical effects of anxiety, like the fight or flight response. Such as increased heart rate, sweating etc. It has other medial uses also.  




 Same here friend. It was never really a problem until one summer I had eight different flights in a two month time span. During a physical I mentioned the terrible anxiety I get during flights and my doctor prescribed me a beta blocker, propranolol and it worked wonders. Totally calm during the whole flight and it doesn't make me tired.  




 I really want to move to Oakland after I finish with my master's. Is the crime in Oakland as people make it out to be or is it isolated to certain areas? 




 First off, I really enjoyed your post! Second, forgive me if this is a dumb question but where do you meet other black lesbians at? I swear I've exhausted all my POC options and can't find non-white girls for the life of me. Like you, I can't really see myself with a white girlfriend and I like femmes (also femme), but I feel like white chicks are my only option or remain single for the foreseeable future lol. My going to school at a PWI in a small Midwestern town might have something to do with it:/ I really want to move 




 Thanks bro!  




 Explain please? I'm interested.  




 Where did you move from, if you don't mind my asking. I'm black as well and considering moving to Portland after I'm done with school. I live in Iowa now and I need somewhere more queer friendly.  




 I found the statistic about black physicians really interesting. I'm in the process of applying to medical schools while working on my master's at a PWI in the midwest. My freshman year there were lots of other POC that were pre-med and pre-dental hopefuls. By my senior year most had changed to something else or dropped out. I wonder what HBCUs do right that PWIs are getting wrong? 




 Same here:/, wanna be my first? ;) 




 If you're the athletic sort, my city's rugby team is chock-full of lgbts. 




 Thanks, much appreciated. 




 Do you have a source/citation for the third link? 




 When you first said V8 I was picturing that vegetable drink, thinking really? 




 Girl here, I've had it and it's awesome! But yeah mostly associate with males. 




 IMO, he still deserves to be treated like a human being with feelings. Someone should let him know he's "that guy". 




 I feel bad for you bro. Time for new friends if they have a history of treating you this way. 




 Done and done 




 Would guys seriously be attracted to this approach? 




 :( 




 Goku with an attitude. 




 Can my strangler be mashed? 




 Genius 




 Naw mean.

Source: Trevor Noah 




 There, there Patrick. *pats* 




 *Dependent upon socioeconomic class, race, gender, and immigration status 




 Are you actually from Iowa? Ames here:) 




 Thanks? 




 I'm on android and the Reddit News app is ok by me. Ipad apps suck though. 




 People complain about reposts, but if people didn't repost I would miss most of the good content. 




 Will this cause you to lose the karma the comment garnered?  




 Same with the "Mom's spaghetti" joke. Ridiculously upvoted or sent to the oblivion.  




 kind of

I've tagged many of the racist Redditors I've come across. The number is startling.  




 This just happened to me today. Apparently as a black person I have no right to exist. 




 Hornets don't have internet access 




 If I'm at home I wash my hands before I flush the toilet. I'm afraid if I flush and then wash, the water will mix and I'll have shitty water on my hands. 




 What exactly is the right consistency? 




 Even in public? 




 Brother! 




 Diagram or detailed explanation please? I've always wanted to this! 




 Me too, make my poops much faster. My gf was a little weirded out though. "Why do you have a step stool in front of the toilet?" 




 Just shoot the curtain instead. That way you know whatever it is is dead. 




 Same, and use my foot to flush the toilet. Unless it's one of those dreaded automatic flushers. 




 Wow, sounds like a great routine. I barely leave enough time to shower and brush my hair before I leave in the morning. You skin must be glorious.

edit:Whoosh 




 I do this before I get in because my house is plagued by centipedes. They like the bathtub for some reason. *shudder* 




 Delete facebook 




 You should put the avacado and black beans on romaine and make a delicious salad. 




 Analingus 

Your blackout or theirs? Also, the way you spelled it sounds like dark magic or something. 




 I've also heard it's an evolutionary protective response, as most things that are bad for our health (poisons etc) are bitter/basic. 




 Salt and vinegar chips, they hurt my mouth so damn good. 




 asperagus 

I've never had autistic vegetables before. 




 Chai tea, mmmmm 




 According to this chart I'm stuck in the IPA stage, the bitterness makes me gag. 




 You still have cake, ice cream, and brownies left! 




 Same here, just had the most delicious pepperoni and mushroom pizza:( 




 I can live without the orange and yellow, but not the red. 




 Tagged as pedophile 




 Everybody was kung fu fighting! Da na na na, na na na! 




 mulatto

biracial or mixed nowadays. I also call my mixed friend a "hybrid" for laughs. 




 My thoughts exactly! 




 Dude I'm black and I asked my mom this question when I was in kindergarten. When this girl said black I was picturing chalkboard black when I'm more the color of Werther's candy. 




 I've never committed any crime worse than jay walking, I'm a graduate student, and I'm not rude. You're quite rude actually. Your sweeping generalization fails.  




 I'm Black, explain to me exactly why I'm shit? 




 There's black people in Russia?? 




 Yes milking the Dad won't work 




 My sister wanted to have her pregnancy stretch marks colored in with a tattoo to hide them, is this a bad idea? 




 I think that sometimes happens when people don't have regular contact with animals. My dad was like this until I adopted a husky, and soon my dad worried about the dog's feelings as much as ours. It made me smile when he took the dog out for a run with him because "he looked like he needed some entertainment." They've definitely bonded over time.  




 I'm curious, what was the third doggie doing when the other two were taking the polar plunge?  




 How much are you paying per month on their unlimited plan? 




 Iowa here, sounds good to me! 




 Man I only got Gamecast 




 The first time I felt like I actually fit in somewhere. In high school I was the sweet, but incredibly awkward kid. No one in particular picked on me, but you get tired of always feeling like the odd man out. It sucks to feel like you missed out on milestones and memories. Come freshman year of college I was determined to change my life and not be an observer anymore. I found some balls and went to the rugby team's practice session alone and inexperienced, and had a blast! For once being an athletic female who likes video games didn't make me weird. 

Five years later many of those people are still my best friends and they totally shaped my college experience. I even met my first longterm relationship through a teammate. It's awesome to have a group of friends that feel like family and to let your guard down with.  




 Dexter? 




 Grandma might be in better shape than OP. I swear my grandma has better knees than I do, basketball destroyed mine. 




 My niece could take her first legal drink before I could. Kinda funny! 




 Happened to my parents when the doctor told them my mom was infertile after a miscarriage, so they stopped using protection. Ten years later I wormed my way out. 




 Same here! Sometime people think my sister is my mom, and my mom is my grandma though :/ 




 1. My personal favorites with good sound and comfortable for long term wear. They are lightweight and ear pads are very comfy: [Sennheiser HD 598](http://www.amazon.com/Sennheiser-HD-598-Over-Ear-Headphones/dp/B0042A8CW2/ref=sr_1_5?s=aht ie=UTF8 qid=1419842099 sr=1-5)
2. [Bose AE2i](http://www.amazon.com/Bose-Audio-Headphones-Discontinued-Manufacturer/dp/B008YUNHK8/ref=sr_1_34?s=aht ie=UTF8 qid=1419842178 sr=1-34) Super light-weight and cushy. Noise-cancelling.
3. [V-MODA Crossfade M-100](http://www.amazon.com/V-MODA-Crossfade-Over-Ear-Noise-Isolating-Headphone/dp/B00A39PPCG/ref=sr_1_9?s=aht ie=UTF8 qid=1419842099 sr=1-9) These fit my head really well and have good noise-isolation. Sound is good for my songs that are rock or hip-hop based. Probably the most aesthetically pleasing out of the bunch.
4. Either of these models are great for sound quality and build, but they tend to be a little heavy for long term usage: [Audio-Technica ATH-M50](http://www.amazon.com/Audio-Technica-ATH-M50-Professional-Monitor-Headphones/dp/B000ULAP4U/ref=sr_1_2?s=aht ie=UTF8 qid=1419842099 sr=1-2), [Sony MDR7506](http://www.amazon.com/Sony-MDR7506-Professional-Diaphragm-Headphone/dp/B000AJIF4E/ref=sr_1_7?s=aht ie=UTF8 qid=1419842099 sr=1-7), and [Beyerdynamic 80 ohms](http://www.amazon.com/Beyerdynamic-770-PRO-80-ohms/dp/B0016MNAAI/ref=sr_1_14?s=aht ie=UTF8 qid=1419842099 sr=1-14)

These are my recommendations out of the headphones I own. I have no complaints about any of them. 




 That's how I feel about the world "inflammable". The definition is totally counter-intuitive to me. 




 Rural. For some reason my mouth cannot properly enunciate this word and makes me sound like I have a speech impediment. 




 Quality outdoor gear. Patagonia forever bitches! 
























