 I generally don't like Vonnegut but if you happen upon his book Cats Cradle it is quite a good read.  




 Does this actually happen? Usually women get ripped the fuck apart on Reddit.  




 I loved her in American Hustle!  




 I don't like most of his movies but Reservoir Dogs was fucking brilliant and one of my favorite movies. 




 I totally agree with you. They are weird. And I don't get it.  




 All I can say is, don't cheat. If you are on the verge of cheating, recommend counseling. If she doesn't want to go to counseling, then tell her something needs to change or you will end the relationship. 

I'm saying this as a woman who was cheated on after being married for five years. It really fucked me up emotionally being cheated on. It's a difficult situation but cheating and getting caught is a horrible thing. You will be the bad guy no matter what.  




 Differences in sex drives are a huge, huge issue. And I found that out the hard way. My husband ended up having an affair because we weren't having enough sex. It ruined the marriage and we divorced. 

There were other problems, sure. But we were not sexually compatible and I was young and didn't realize how important that is. 

Could you see yourself only having sex with your girlfriend once a week? Twice a month? Once every few months? 

It sounds shallow, but I know my husband loved me with all his heart, and he still had the affair and our marriage still ended. It is a big deal.  




 I love this. It's not about the mistakes you make but what you choose to do after those mistakes have been made. 

I divorced my husband after I found out he had an affair and he became bitter towards me and ruined any chance of us still being close. I still miss him but he holds a huge grudge against me for dissolving our marriage. He doesn't understand actions have consequences.  




 I love everything about this picture! I would try not to get upset. Those PUAs are a minority group. My brother is one of them and guess what, dudes not getting laid. They're just bitter assholes. 

Also like everyone else said your hair is amazing and I'm jealous :)  




 My ex had ADD. I did a lot for him, fill out paperwork, help him with school, keep him on a schedule. Then I found out he had an affair. He claimed his ADD made him impulsive which is why he cheated. I'm almost 99% sure that isn't true. It sucks because I loved him and his ADD quirks. Oh well. I read every book I could on ADD and spent time in therapy figuring out how to live with someone with ADD. I'm an expert now!  




 That's horrible. My ex husband did something similar, he had an affair and then told me he didn't feel the same about me anymore. I'm divorced now and trying to move on and date but I don't trust anyone. I feel like I'm going to be alone forever. 

And this only happened three weeks ago? You're taking so well and I feel so stupid for letting it get to me even now after nearly a year.  




 What the fuck? Because you gained 20 pounds? This thread is making me angry! I'm sorry you had to go through that.  




 Well I've actually seen it a bunch of times growing up, my dad watched it a bunch. So... I guess I'm just ignorant of this phenomenon of seeing movies in a theater and yelling out the lines.  




 Like, I get if you want to laugh and have fun. But don't act like you're the only ones there you know?  




 To scream out all the lines? I've seen it before too but I don't see why that excuses people being that obnoxious. Every one else in the theater was silent except for them.  




 I went to see Monty Pythons the Holy Grail in an old theater because why not. This group of kids in front of me said all the lines as they were said in the movie, and then cackled madly. It was fucking obnoxious. Watch it at home if you're going to do that shit.  




 Yeah I'll have to try it!  




 Haha. Sounds like a bunch of bullshit to me.  




 Hm, I admit I have never heard of this woman. What about modern feminists today who are influential? It does seem like with any group, the ones with the most extreme views get heard most often. And that helps no social cause.  




 I keep hearing about all of you gals' FWB situations and I'm curious, how does that happen? I can never find a guy who just wants sex, they always want a relationship. Or they say they just want sex but then later they change their minds. Where do you find them?!  




 I get a weird satisfaction out of pulling the matted clump of hair out of my brush. I have long hair so I have to do this regularly. I used to chase my ex around with it because he was disgusted by it haha!  




 I see your point, but I don't think prominent feminists would disagree with my position.  




 I would call myself a feminist and totally believe she should have been charged with assault at the least. She should absolutely be charged with lying to police. 

I don't think statements about the patriarchy are meant to direct attention away from women being perpetrators of violence. My understanding is that the idea that women are weak and cannot be violent against men is a huge problem, because it allows people like this to get away with assault. But the issue here lies with the fact that police will not believe a man if he says he is assaulted. And why is that? I don't believe it has anything to do with modern feminism making women out to be victims. 

Basically we need to look at solutions. How do we protect both men and women in situations of assault? We need to teach police officers that women are capable of violence so they can be more objective about situations, ie if a dude has bruises and scratch marks and the woman looks fine, don't arrest the GUY. I had a good friend of mine get arrested and was charged with assault, then had to go to AA meetings because his drunk girlfriend decided to have a meltdown and start throwing shit at him and beating him up at a party. He was embarrassed so he didn't tell anyone what was going on until a neighbor called the cops. Dude had a gash on his face because she threw a lamp at him and he got arrested. 

It's just frustrating because I am a feminist and this issue is personal to me. Hope you see where I'm coming from! Regardless of what labels you choose to put on yourself I think we all agree this is a problem (except a few extremists maybe).  




 This happened to my brother too, he always plays as female characters. But he took it way too far and apparently talked to this dude for months pretending to be a woman. Yeah, my brother is weird.  




 I've never heard of that statistic. Do they have information about why the women initiate a divorce?

Even so, asking for a divorce doesn't imply they maliciously set out to ruin a man's life.  




 Haha, that's what my husband's brother told me. I had my suspicions and talked to his brother, he actually laughed and said he would never cheat on me. A week after that I found out. People change. Or they are very good at pretending to be someone else.  




 Divorce statistics just show marriages end. It doesn't imply the woman was responsible. 

I agree that courts favor women in the case of divorce and children. So I could see why a man wouldn't want to get married because of that risk.  




 Totally. I don't want them to be dicks about it, but they could at least acknowledge that yes, I could lose a few pounds, and it's great that I'm trying to be healthier. Oh well!  




 Well, he believes that it is the cause of a lot of problems. Feminism got rid of traditional families for the most part, and so family units aren't as strong with women in the work force. That's just one thing he talks about. I think it's very interesting.

What bothers me about his beliefs is mainly his idea that women are unempathetic predators, who will screw up your life on purpose, take all of your money, and sucker you into children. He doesn't believe women can be monogamous, they are always searching for something better even when they marry. It's very odd considering no women in our family fit that description at all. So who are these mysterious sperm jacking predator women? I'll have to ask him that next time I see him!  




 I think over the years he has become more entrenched, yes. I think the longer he goes without a woman in his life the more he buys into these beliefs. I want him to find a girl. Despite his beliefs he is very family oriented and wants a very traditional family. I personally believe he goes about it in the wrong way.  




 He's in his late 20s. 




 My brother says similar things. He believes a woman's sexual market value goes down as they age, and men's value goes up. I'm not sure how true that is. I think desire is pretty subjective. 




 I don't think people are necessarily owed a reason. But if I wanted to be with a guy and he didn't want me, I think it would be valuable for me to know why. It would definitely hurt to be rejected that way.  




 My brother buys into all of that. He's incredibly intelligent though, so sometimes when I have a talk with him, just me and him, we have rational discussions about feminism, life, women, dating, etc. I think he is into most of it for the shock value.

He still believes feminism is destroying our culture. And I can't change that. I think the best thing to do is to just voice your opinions on it if he brings it up. But if he inevitably decides to keep thinking the way that he does, you can't change that. 

My brother will always be a bit of an oddball but in the end he's my brother. He treats me and my mom with respect (most of the time, anyway). I think he's just going through a hard time because he's had bad experiences with women. He was with a girl once who ended up having a fiance the whole time they saw each other. So I try to listen to him and help him see my way of thinking.  




 This happens to me too. A lot of people tell me, "but you're not fat, why do you need to lose weight?" I don't know if they are just trying to be polite? I have extra weight on me and it's noticeable.  




 My mom does and I think it's weird. Even in winter. It's just unnatural.  




 That's adorable!  




 The cheating was what pushed me to file for divorce, but it was basically a culmination of selfish behaviors on his part. We struggled with a lot. We got married very young and we jumped right into it, we never lived together to figure out each others personalities better before marrying. 

Now that I think about it we weren't very compatible. I just wish we would have realized that and parted ways before he cheated. It hurts quite a lot.  




 I'm doing much better. I had a few months where I didn't want to get out of bed. I felt pretty worthless. But then I started going out with friends and family more. Just being around others helped my mental state a lot. And now everyone tells me I seem much, much happier.  




 Haha. I was pretty young when we met and got married. Infatuation can make you look past a lot of flaws. I'm certainly more cautious now about people.  




 I'm not sure where my depression stems from to be honest with you.  




 Like I've said before, at that point he should have filed for divorce. I'm not sure why people keep saying "what did I expect him to do." 

Cheating is never acceptable. There is a mature way of dealing with sexual incompatibility. I didn't want sex constantly, that is true, but I never stopped loving my husband. I did everything for him, except force myself to be sexual when I couldn't be. In the end he decided constant sex was more important than being with the woman he loved. It was unfortunate. 

I never needed sex in my relationship with him. I was totally fulfilled in other ways. I just wish we had realized that before we got married. I don't blame him for needing sex. But I do feel emotionally damaged from the betrayal. It still keeps me up at night knowing the only one who claimed to love me has hurt me the most in this world. Anyway, thanks for your input.  




 There were times when sex didn't happen at all. But I did try very hard. When the sex didn't happen it was generally because he was very insensitive about it. He'd get upset with me and say a man can only handle rejection so many times. I'm not sure what the right way to handle any of it was.

But you are right about jumping to conclusions about my ex being an ass. There are two sides to every story, and the truth.  




 It's interesting that you make the assumption that I did nothing. I never made that statement. 

I was clinically depressed. That hurt our marriage and our sex life. I saw therapists and doctors, took four different kinds of medication. I lost weight, ate healthier, exercised. We had sex. It wasn't every day, but we had it. I tried very hard. So when I read someone saying that I did nothing, even on the Internet, it hurts. 

He told me even after my efforts it wasn't enough. He needed sex every day, he needed me to be wet for him, which is something I couldn't do. My body just wasn't responsive. I could give blowjobs. But he didn't want that. 

I asked him why he stayed married to me if it was such a problem. He said he loved me, wanted to see me through it all. But in the end he was wrong. He needed constant sex to validate himself. 

I hope you understand my situation more. Maybe in the future you can not jump to conclusions. 




 I think that's pretty unfair. I had my own issues. I couldn't get physically aroused, and so when we had sex it was extremely painful. 

Regardless of what happened, cheating is not the response to a problem. If he felt we were sexually incompatible he should have left. 

I don't need validation from people on the Internet. I just hope eventually you learn to look at people with more empathy.  




 He should have had the balls to end the relationship before plowing another woman. Lol. It's pretty obvious.  




 Wow! I remember I went to a therapy session about a week after he had told me about his affair. After the session I tried to talk to my husband about everything and he looks at me and says, "When are you going to get over this?" A week after! Some people just need a good punch in the balls.  




 I really appreciate you making this post. I have been battling depression for a while and I too have been going on walks. I live in a big city so it's harder to find quiet spaces, but I still enjoy myself. Some days I still want to lay in bed all day and mope, but the days I get out are really nice.  




 I am also a tiny apartment dweller. I like to sneak over to my parents house during the day to use their hammock and drink their beer!  




 Haha! Right?  




 I got that reaction too. He also had issues with me not being "comfortable" enough for him in bed. He had issues with me because I wouldn't let him go down on me. Well, the girl he cheated on me with sure liked it, which I guess is a good enough reason to throw a five year marriage away. 

Good on you for leaving that situation. I've been depressed for God knows how long and every day he isn't in my life I feel better emotionally.  




 We weren't having sex because I was diagnosed with depression and was on medication. He thought I was being selfish by denying him sex. He had little ability to empathize. There was no perfect situation possible. I wasn't going to magically fix my depression and get my libido back. So he chose to cheat. 




 Just chiming in, my ex husband told me before he cheated that he wasn't getting enough sex and that he would look elsewhere. It didn't help anything. So what, I'm supposed to fuck him just so he doesn't go off and screw people other than his wife? It made me less likely to want to be intimate. And in the end he did cheat. And in the end we got divorced.  




 I was cheated on 8 months ago by my husband of 5 years. I know your pain. It sucks because when I asked him, "Didn't you think about how I would feel?" He said he didn't even think about me at all. We're divorced now but I'll always carry that emotional baggage. If you need to talk to someone I'm here.  




 I agree with this, although for me intense cardio workouts made me anxious initially, so I would build up to that point. Even something as simple as a walk helps calm me down.  




 It's beautiful! I want to make one :) 




 I can understand what you are saying. But I think a lot of your emotions are misplaced. But maybe that's based on my general ignorance on the topic of fat acceptance. I don't believe overweight people want society to start telling them they are healthy, or society to say, it's okay, it's out of your control. I think they just want empathy. I also think they want it to be socially acceptable for people to be overweight, in that people look at it as a lifestyle choice rather than a fault in their moral character. 

Now, I'm not sure how I feel about that. I don't believe you are morally worse because you are obese. If I see an obese person I admit I do believe they have an emotional problem that makes them eat to excess. And maybe that's wrong, I don't know. I don't think anyone chooses to be overweight as a lifestyle. Why would you? But maybe they just want others to stop shaming them. 

I think, especially on Reddit, we make a lot of assumptions about someone's character if they are overweight. Lazy and stupid come to mind. And we make those types of comments even when the person's weight isn't the focus of a post. We take pictures of fat people and mock them. Just for existing and being overweight. And I think that's wrong. 

It's a complicated issue and I'll stop rambling now haha. Thanks for replying to me. I find a lot of the time on here I want to have a discussion with someone who has an opinion different from mine but it usually never happens! So thanks.  




 I agree completely. I can't imagine how difficult it must be to be overweight or obese, especially because I believe that in a lot of cases they turn to eating to relieve stress. 

The amount of anger I see on Reddit over obese people is astounding.  




 My question wasn't rhetorical either. I really, really want to understand why someone would become this angry.  




 Hm. I guess I still don't see how you believe she is blaming you. She's coming off as defensive and I don't believe she is right when she says you cannot tell someone is healthy or not by looking at them. 

But I don't believe she blames anyone for her actions. She's upset that, in her mind, people want to make it a moral obligation to be thin. Or she calls it healthism, for whatever reason. And I agree that would not be a good thing. 

I guess what rubs me the wrong way about all of this fat shaming stuff is that people seem absolutely, insanely furious that some people would be fat and deny that they had any part in becoming fat. Now, I don't have statistics on this, but I do not think most overweight people truly believe they are not responsible in some way for being overweight. For the few that do, what's the big deal? A relative of mine claims he can't control himself when he drinks to excess. I roll my eyes. 

I mean, where does the anger originate? Are you worried that suddenly being fat will become acceptable and we'll all eat ourselves to extinction? Because I think right now there is still overwhelming social pressure to be thin. And I can't see that changing.  




 Are we the same person?  




 I need to join this club too!  




 You seem pleasant. How did she shift the blame onto you for her weight? I don't see that in the exchange.  




 I agree with her other point that we don't question whether a thin person is healthy or not. My friend was crazy thin but ate like shit and had high cholesterol and high blood pressure. No one asked her about that. But I think if you're fat we think you're open to scrutiny and can judge them based on their health decisions.  




 Why? Why would what this woman thinks infuriate you? I don't feel like it really affects you in any way. I don't think she is correct in her statement, but it certainly didn't infuriate me. 




 I don't think most women who have children stay at home with them, they usually have careers. I want kids but fuck if I'm going to be bored out of my mind as a stay at home mom haha.  




 Let's do it!  




 That's how I am, and I feel like there's something wrong with me. I like to masturbate but I don't really enjoy sex. I'm attracted to guys and I like doing physical things like touching but not penetrative sex. I feel weird about it and it's ended past relationships :( 




 This same shit happened to me. Guess what? He never contacted me again. 

But if he's telling the truth ignore how jaded I am!  




 This gif makes me so happy.  




 I don't have many friends either. That sounds awesome!  




 It's such bullshit that they're pushing this idea of perfection on us. Like, perfection is having a thigh gap? No. 




 Yeah, trust me, I know I gained weight. No one needs to tell me lol. 




 That's really awesome advice. I have anxiety as well and was super nervous on a date last night and couldn't pin point why. I think it's just what you said, I was excited and I misinterpreted the physical feelings for anxiety and panic. But despite all of that the night was awesome and we're going on a second date! So it's worth it to push past your anxiety! 




 This is one the best gifs ever. I love Potter Puppet Pals! 




 Motherfucking potpourri?! Who gives a flying fuck about potpourri. God dammit.  




 I must have zero imagination then. I hated dolls and any time I got one I'd look at it confused and then go read a book.  




 Ugggh that's so true. I don't know who got it worse, me having gained weight, or my brother, for having ridiculously long hair. I'd rather have people comment on my long hair than weight...sob.  




 My friend has people who ask her "what are you" but they are generally referring to if she is a boy or a girl. She looks pretty androgynous. Still, wtf? What kind of person goes up to someone and asks, "what are you, a girl or a boy?" Rude.  









 Good lord. That's all kinds of messed up. Glad we're both rid of the trash :)  




 [Yeah!](http://img4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20140125042410/sistersgrimm/images/b/b3/High_Five.gif) 





























 Lol I saw a dude posing with a dead deer. Like...I guess that's cool. Then I get dudes posing with guns and/or their car. Classy. 




 That's...that's amazing. 




 There is a communication breakdown here. She clearly does not want you running with this girl. Has she explained that to you? What she's doing is punishing you for running with this girl in an effort to get you to stop, when she should just explain how it makes her feel.

If she did something similar with a guy, how would you feel? If she point blank asked you to stop running with the girl, would you?

A lot of people in the thread are calling her a bitch and a jealous cunt and I really feel like it's unfair. Every relationship has to deal with jealousy to some extent. You need to talk to her about this.  




 I really like your quote, "There is strength in solitude." Lately I have been focusing on being okay with myself and learning how to deal with my emotional issues on my own. When I tried to open up to others, I never felt like it did anything and I ended up just regretting opening up. I kind of had the epiphany that in the end we are alone, but that I was okay with it. 




 Ugh the same thing happened to me when I was making a little cat cave with super thick yarn. My hands were totally destroyed and my damn cat wouldn't even go in it! AJDKSJFS 




 Aha best gif ever! 




 Ahaha my mom does this all the time. My grandma and me are in a war with my mom against bad photos. 




 Okay, so I think there's three options here.

1.) She doesn't realize feminist is not the same as feminine.

2.) She believes feminism's goal is to feminize men or make them more like women.

3.) She actually understands feminism but doesn't agree with it, and believes it makes men less masculine.

I just kind of stared into space for a bit and then went back to work. 




 My dad is hilarious about this, because if we ever go out to eat or something he asks me if I know how to get there, and if I say no, I'll just look it up on my phone, he immediately launches into this extremely detailed list of directions and it's gotten to the point where I just let him finish and then punch the address in on my phone lol. I'm not going to remember all of that information anyway. 




 It irritates me too because whenever people find out I'm an atheist I feel the need to say that I don't hate religion. Atheism takes up literally zero time in my life. I just don't believe in God and don't have a religion. But the stigma is that I hate religion and spend a lot of hours on /r/atheism bashing Christians and Muslims.  




 My mom believes this and I don't know how to convince her it isn't true. She said her legs got bulky just from walking her dog... 




 My ex was horrible about understanding my anxiety. We would be in public and I would start getting extremely anxious, so I would say I think I need to leave. He would be confused, say that I didn't look anxious, and proceed to continue doing whatever we were doing in public (shopping or whatever). Then I would say, I need to leave, I'm leaving, and he would get all butthurt and claim I used my anxiety as an excuse to not spend time with him. Sigh. Hence the ex part. 




 Yeah that's...possible. I assume it was just a misunderstanding of what the term feminist means haha. 




 Not supporting equal rights for women, so manly! 









 He is crazy hot. And couple that with his awesome sexy voice? Umf. 




 Aww. My mom says the same thing to me. I got divorced recently and she tells me all the time how happy I am and how the "old me" is back. Pff. I'm still lonely as hell and just cause I got divorced doesn't mean my depression just disappeared. 

My advice is to throw yourself into something to keep your mind off of things. I bought a bunch of video games because when I was married I never, ever spent any money on myself, and at night if I was feeling alone I'd throw myself into a game. Also I drank a lot of rum. Things will get better :) 




 And then the next day when you're wearing no makeup, "Are you sick?" 




 It does feel like people who are overweight get this bad rap of being a grumpy person. Or, if an overweight person happens to be grumpy that day it's all of a sudden, well, she's grumpy cause she's fat. It's kind of bullshit. 

It just makes no sense the amount of hatred people can spew over someone's freakin' weight. Like I went on /r/fatpeoplehate and was just floored. People waste time over this? 

Not to even mention the double standard of fat dudes vs. fat chicks. Like one of the friends I was hanging out with was an overweight dude, and even he was getting in on it. No one gives a shit if a guy is overweight, and if the overweight dude can't get chicks, it's because girls are shallow, but if an overweight girl can't get dudes it's her fault because she's fat. UGH!  




 Right? The whole situation was just bizarre and made me sad.  




 I know, all I could think about was how I would feel if I were in that position. I sort of mentioned that, and they said, well, you aren't fat and you don't complain about not getting guys. It's like...I think you're missing the point.

I just really want a group of awesome girlfriends damn it! At least I have TrollX. 




 It is. Especially because they are older than me. I sort of called them out on it, and said something like, who cares if she's fat, and they got really defensive are started saying, well, she has a bad personality too. It's like...what the fuck. 




 Basically I started hanging out with some friends of a friend, and one of them is pretty overweight. As soon as she left everyone started talking about how fat she was and how she can't expect to get a guy looking like that. It was pretty obnoxious...they talked about her all night, these people are all close to 30 so it was pretty sad. 

I probably won't go out with them again. 









 Aw thanks for the support. I don't have a lot of female friends so it's awesome to be able to go on TrollX. Everyone is so supportive and cool. 

I do believe that a relationship could work if both people were invested. But I think it's super rare. Especially as people get older and grow apart and change. I don't know. I guess I'm not holding out for some great relationship in the future, because I feel like I worked really hard in my relationship, and in the end it didn't matter because he didn't want to put the effort in, you know?  




 Haha no you're right. At this point I'm sort of like, meh, is it even possible for two people to remain faithful to each other. Especially since around the same time my parents started having issues with possible infidelity on both sides. And I guess my dad creeps on young girls on Facebook. Like wtf. I just hate getting older and everyone you think is so amazing turns out to not be... 




 That's true! I think most girls assume you would want them to be snippy about your ex. But I can relate, my mom still talks shit about my ex even though we've been over since October. And she keeps trying to set me up with weirdos lol. 




 Aw, well I'm sure they were just trying to be supportive, even if you weren't ready for a relationship yet.  




 Yeah, I personally doubt that it's possible. But I was recently cheated on so I'm bitter.  




 Aw that's sweet. 




 Hey, I'm looking for new friends too. I'll try to make it Friday! I haven't been to 42 Lounge in forever. 




 Lol my brother does the same thing! 




 Me too! Honestly he's just going through a lot right now. He really does have a good heart. He's just...I don't know. He will figure things out eventually.  




 He's... Going through some stuff. So I forgive him for being a little crazy. He still treats me with respect. I just know he is extremely depressed and his way of dealing with it is to have sort of extremist philosophies.  




 My brother, who believes in similar things red pillers do, 100% does not believe lesbians are real. He admits gay men exist, but he claims no woman is a lesbian. And if they do engage in sexual activity with a woman its either because one, mental illness, or two, male attention. 

Sigh.  




 You too!  




 I'm sorry you had to deal with that. My best guy friend from high school opened up to me about his wife being physically abusive, and showed me bruises. It was insane. I was friends with her as well and she painted this picture that he was this verbally abusive asshole and then he shows me evidence of her physical abuse... Like wtf. 

I told him to take a video of her abusing him because it was so constant. He stopped talking to me because she was apparently jealous of his interaction with me. I hope he's doing okay.  




 He's older, late 20s, she's 19 or 20 I think. Either she's young and naive or he's lying to her about having a job. 

He is really good at lying. But whatever, I don't have to deal with that shit anymore!  




 Woo-hoo! Awesome job girl!  




 WOW. That is incredibly depressing. 

My ex doesn't even have a job haha. But somehow attracts younger girls? I just want her phone number so when she realizes what a fuck up he is we can go out and get drinks together. Nothing like bonding with a girlfriend over disdain for a mutual ex lol.  




 Lol my ex husband does the same bullshit. He told me all about the new girl he claims to be in love with. You know what I don't want to do when I fall in love with someone? Text me ex. Ignore him, what a fucking tool.  




 Her face isn't horrible, she just needs to lose some weight I think.  




 I second this, need to know where you got your awesome ottoman.  




 I second this, need to know where you go your awesome ottoman.  




 Thanks for the advice. My divorce pushed me in a lot of ways to put myself out there and socialize more. I had so much anxiety initially, especially when going on dates, but now I'm noticing that's subsiding which is a huge relief. I'd like to get back to the point where I only had situational anxiety. 

I think you're right about finding a guy who isn't depressed. My ex fed off of my moods and would be down when I was down, and it wasn't helpful. 

I find that when I get depressed, my body and brain tell me to lay in bed to make it feel better. My strategy now is to get out and do things, to fake it, like you said. This has helped me a lot. It's hard to fight against that feeling though. A mantra for me had basically become "I can't" so I think in many ways my fight now is to just convince myself that I can.  




 I just wondered because I suffer from anxiety and depression. I believe that's part of the reason why my own marriage failed and my ex decided to cheat. 

It makes it hard to date because honestly I don't even know who I am without my depression. I get down on myself thinking no one wants to be with a girl who has depression. And even if I meet a great guy I think eventually he won't like me because of my issues. 




 That's really interesting. How are you doing now?  




 We got married too young and for the wrong reasons. We had a rocky relationship from the start, we realized we were not all that sexually compatible, and essentially were just bringing each other down. 

I stuck it out because of pride and not wanting to admit I made a mistake in getting married. I only divorced when I found out he was having an affair with my best friend.  




 That flex photo, yummy. 




 Yes, moar please. 




 This reminds me of a guy I knew once who was married and had a ton of affairs with women he met online. His wife found out about it and decides to sleep with one guy for revenge. Husband goes ballistic and kicks her out. His excuse was that "it's different for men, men never get over infidelity."

Like dude, you were banging 10± chicks behind your wife's back. God that guy was a piece of shit.  




 It makes zero sense to me too. I'm always thinking, you can't jerk off to a woman and despise them at the same time. It's not right!  




 People will find any way to judge you, regardless of what you say. I opened up on here about my husband having an affair and I got a few weirdos who told me it was my fault. It sucked but the majority of the comments I received were very nice :)  




 We absolutely should because I missed it! I'll bring dessert :)  




 Honest? He claims he has a fit body. He's either a liar or entirely delusional. 




 You aren't everyone. It simply isn't helpful to everyone who is suicidal. Most times there is absolutely nothing you can say, the only thing you can do is be there so they do not harm themselves or take them to a professional.  




 Yay! I'm going to PM you.  




 Hey! I'm looking for new friends to hang out with. I recently got divorced and realized how little friends I have. I'd love to hang out with other women who are redditors and have similar interests. 

I don't mind if you're attached, but I'm single so I would love to go out with someone to meet guys! I'm looking to just have fun at this point in my life. 

I want to get outside more and do active things but I don't know a lot of people. I like hiking, exploring, geocaching, etc. I love beer and trying new kinds, exploring different bars and restaurants. 

Hope to hear from you! 




 Wow. That's absolutely excessive. Is there anything good about him that would keep you around? 

My ex was very controlling and would get mad at me if I went out with friends, guy or girl. So I stopped. After five years of being together I had dwindled all of my friends down to one. It sucked.  




 None of this sounds normal honestly, or healthy. He sounds like he is insecure and wants to control your life by being emotionally manipulative. 

It might be mild now, but what happens if in the future he asks you to stop hanging out with your guy friend altogether? He doesn't sound like he has YOUR interests in mind at all. 

Personally, having had experience with this type of guy, I would get out of that relationship. In my experience these guys only get worse over time.  




 Now that I think about it, that movie is completely fucked up. Wow.  




 This is one of those people who goes around talking about how fucking random and weird they are all the time.  




 Wow what a tool. 




 Oh my god. That is so fucking hilarious and so sad at the same time. 




 That sounds awful. I hope she gets the help she needs. 




 I don't believe people in a great relationship cheat. If someone is cheating that relationship has a lot of problems.  




 Well, he admitted to the affair, but covered up a lot of details about it. It took me a few months of sleuthing, talking to the woman who he cheated with, talking to her husband, to really get a picture of what really happened. And I'll never know for sure. It's a messy business. 

The other big factor for me was that they didn't use a condom. So they risked pregnancy and stds. They risked my health. All to have an affair. It's just gross.  




 I don't see what I did as punishment at all. I just don't want to be with a person who has an affair. For a lot of reasons. But my decision was about me and how I could be happy. Not about punishing him.  




 There was a period of about a week after finding out about it that I was still weighing my options. I asked him some details about the affair (instead of coming clean he lied about a lot of the details and hid the fact that it happened multiple times rather than once), he looked at me, disgusted, and said, "When are you going to get over this?" 

I realized then that he did not realize how much he had hurt me, and he never would. He would never be the man I wanted to spend the rest of my life with. I made my decision and I'm happy about it.  




 Honestly it's quite complicated. There are a lot of details about the cheating that I won't go into online. But it was a combination of factors that led me to my decision. Why he cheated, who he cheated with, where he cheated, how many times it happened, what he thought while he was cheating, did he have remorse or guilt after before I knew about it. 

Then there is family and how they responded. My mom, who I'm close to, was livid. She said I could never bring him to her house ever again. Word spread throughout the family and everyone despised him. I would never be able to bring him to Christmas without it being a huge awkward moment for all of us. I regret telling my mother now, but maybe it was for the best. It is important to me that my family love and respect the man I am with, and that wasn't true anymore. 

In addition to that, it was how I was feeling in the marriage prior to the cheating. I was massively depressed and never felt like I could rely on him for anything. We were both starting to realize how little we had in common. We went to therapy, and realized how terrible we were at communicating with each other. Honestly it was a mess before the cheating. 

Despite any of that, for whatever reason, finding out he cheated was one of the most traumatic experiences of my life. And I'm thankful my life is good enough that getting cheated on (so far) is the worst thing to happen to me. But it's hard to explain why it hurts so much. I don't think I really have an answer for you. 

Some nights I feel lucky I was cheated on because it gave me the courage to leave a marriage I wasn't happy in. So I don't know. We were both unhappy. But it's hard to really be honest with yourselves in a marriage when things aren't working.  




 Yeah! I'm sure he thinks the same of me lol. But every day it gets easier and I think I'm at the point where I don't regret being married, it was an experience that taught me a lot.  




 Ew. Ew ew ew.  




 Seriously I got wet just looking at them.  




 Hm, I'm not sure if I believe that, but I don't believe my relationship was healthy at all. I think we were both just young and resentful of each other for tying each other down too soon.  




 Good on you. Single life is not that bad. I love how much freedom I have now. It is a tough road so I hope you have friends and family to be there for you. But it's not as bad as staying in a relationship with someone who cheated.  




 I think it was a lot of reasons, I could write a book about it honestly. Let me just say this, I am divorced now and my sex drive has returned. 

I think it was mainly one, I was severely depressed, for whatever reason. I would literally not self lubricate and so sex was painful. Two, I just wasn't attracted to him anymore. He was really emotionally manipulative, incredibly jealous and would get upset if I went anywhere without him. Three, we were never really sexually compatible to begin with. I love dominant guys, he loved dominant girls. See the problem? 

Lots of reasons. Mainly issues of compatibility. If I could go back I would never have gotten married. I was young and dumb and believed in true love and soul mates.  




 He was, yeah. I think he seriously thought if he cheated and then told me about it, I'd be all over him and the sex would improve. He was kind of dumb.  




 If it makes you feel better, I moved across the country to be with someone and it was the worst decision I've ever made! I regret it still.  




 Dude that's me! If we lived in the same city we could go out together lol.  




 It's never too late! Get in shape and fuck all the people.  




 I'm 24 too! Yay. And I'm depressed about this thread :( 




 I'm realizing this now at 24, just got divorced. I'm just gonna have some fun dammit. I don't want a relationship. Here's to divorced women being slutty!  




 I admit that you're right about her face haha. Especially next to Amy Adams.  
























 Sounds to me like your dad has fat logic too. You don't need to workout to lose weight, you can eat healthier. Just because you had surgery doesn't mean you can't eat less.  




 Holy crap. You have an amazing body! Do you work out too? I am around your weight but don't look like that haha.  




 I'm totally the same way! I started looking at cute clothes and makeup and even painted my nails too. I went to /r/skincareaddiction and spent money on some nice products for my face. 

I think I avoided those things before not because I was so "above" them but because focusing on my appearance depressed me. Now that I'm trying to be healthier I find a ton of girly enjoyment out of shopping and yesterday I even got a haircut and waxed my brows haha! 

So good for you, it's all a lot of positive things going on!  




 Do you think a lot of it has to do with pressure from other people? Especially since you have issues as the day goes on. I know I wanted to cheat and told my boyfriend we should get pizza. He isn't in charge of my diet so he said okay, and for a minute I felt like he had validated my decision to cheat, do you know what I mean? I ended up feeling bad and we didn't get pizza, because I need to hold myself accountable. But there were definitely times in the past when I allowed myself unhealthy food because I was out with friends or family. It's hard to feel in control I think when everyone else is eating crappy!  




 I'm a bit stressed out. I'm trying to get the Internet at my new place and I was on the phone with twc for TWO HOURS I must have talked to five different people and in the end they're making me pay to have a technician come out! Aaaaaah!

I'm trying to be more positive. I'm going back to school go finish my degree this fall and I can't tell if I'm super excited or insanely stressed. Maybe both. 

I also just started dating someone seriously (the first relationship I've had after my divorce) and I have no idea what I'm doing. Ahh! 

But thankfully I have keto in my life haha. One thing I can actually control and feel good about! Oh, and today I'm getting a hair cut so I'm excited! I'm seeing a really talented hair stylist who is usually totally booked but someone cancelled. So I'm pumped!  




 Hahaha I was thinking that too!  




 I would use the keto calculator in the side bar and only put in a small calorie deficit. When I started, I had a calorie limit of 1600, which was good for me because I was full enough despite still having cravings. Now I eat around 1200-1400, sometimes more if I want to indulge. 

What kind of foods do you eat? If I find myself hungry I usually eat a handful of almonds or I make fat bombs. The large amount of fat makes my stomach happy and I am way less likely to binge. I still track everything to be sure I'm under my carb limit. 

Good luck. I tried keto a few times before but only recently did I start it and stick to it without cheats. It might take a few runs to figure it all out.  




 I totally agree with the pizza idea! I just made an awesome pizza with Almond flour. In fact, I'm eating leftovers right now.  




 Yeah! Just discovered I can eat a ton of cream cheese haha. I love cream cheese!  




 I had a girl from the office tell me I didn't need to lose weight, but she was trying to lose weight. We then discovered we weighed the exact same amount! 174. She just carried a lot of weight around her midsection making her look bigger than me, I think. I have fat everywhere and was good at hiding my arm fat and leg fat under my clothes haha.  




 Sweet! I'm on my third week so I'm pretty new too! 

Duck bacon sounds really neat!  




 Wow that is awesome news! Keeps me motivated as I'm only on week three! Can't wait to see what kind of results I get after three months.  




 Haha, my breath is still god awful in the morning. But my teeth do feel cleaner and less mucky!  




 It's my 17th day of keto today! Can't believe it's already been this long, and I can't believe I have faithfully stuck to it.

I finally got the internet at my new place, so I'm going to spend tonight gaming and making low-carb pizza! Super excited. 




 I feel you. For whatever reason moderation is just impossible for me when eating carbs. Especially beer. If I have one beer, I'll have one more, and another, and another. Bleh. Best to just keep calm on keto haha. 




 That sounds awesome! I need to get a bikini for a vacation I'm taking at the end of August. Ugh. I don't know what to wear. I'll probably get one of those high waisted ones but I haven't worn a swimsuit in forever!  




 Lame! Hope you get a new cool doctor soon. I'm avoiding going in to see my gynecologist because she's really terrible. I have scars on my body from a period of self-harm (I'm fine now) and she made a HUGE deal about it and embarrassed the shit out of me. Not to mention she's a really overweight doctor, so what's up with that? I don't want to take health advice from someone who can't even take care of themselves. 




 That sounds really interesting. I should start tracking my periods.  




 I totally need to do this. I don't even own a scale but somehow find myself using a friend's scale or the one at work. Bah! It's frustrating me. 




 Ooo a romance toy party sounds freakin' awesome haha! Have fun! 




 What were her reasons for why it was dangerous and unhealthy? 

From what I've heard around this sub, a ton of health care professionals are just not on board with very low carb diets. I wouldn't let it discourage you. 




 I can't speak for everyone but I felt very little of the side effects of initially being in keto. I took a magnesium and potassium supplement and drank lots of chicken broth to keep my sodium intake high. 

I planned meals so that I wouldn't cheat and made sure I was drinking enough water. 

Honestly, there will always be reasons not to do keto. There will never be a perfect time to start. Might as well just dive right in. 




 Totally awesome transformation.

I've been on keto for about 3 weeks, no big slip ups. I simply feel better. I used to emotionally eat and now I do not. I had bad anxiety and could not sit still, now that I am eating low carb I am so much more calm. So basically, those things push me to stay doing keto. I feel better, therefore, why would I want to stop doing it? You need to find your own personal reasons to keep going!

Good luck! 




 Oh wow. I guess I was always worried people at a gym would be annoyed since I'm such a noob haha. This gives me hope though! There is a snap fitness by my place. 




 Haha the LOTR analogy is spot on. I felt this way over the weekend. I randomly wanted pizza SO BAD. I looked at my boyfriend and said, I need pizza NOW! I was randomly carb crazy. He kept me true to my diet though :D

Annnd this week I already bought all the ingredients to make awesome low-carb pizza.  




 Wow. You are awesome. Seriously! You're motivating me to get into the gym! 




 Thank you! 




 I'd love to read that study, it sounds super interesting! Do you have a source for that? 




 You have an amazing body! We are a similar height so you're sort of inspiration for me :) 




 Awesome! I just started my third week of keto and I lost about 10 pounds, and I lost inches on my waist. Really exciting! 

Good job on sticking to it :) 




 Ooo I'll have to try Kalua pork, it looks pretty easy! I just love coming home from work to a delicious smelling house and a meal I basically didn't even have to cook haha! 




 It is kind of cool, but scary lol. I really don't like zombie stuff so when it's like RUN the zombies are going to get you it freaks me out! But it's motivating haha. 




 Hey! I'm on week three of keto and day 1 seems like it was yesterday! Seriously, keto is the least diet-y diet I have ever been on and I love all the awesome food I can eat (MEAT lol). 

One thing that helped me immensely was my fitness pal, if you don't have one get one, because I have tons of friends from /r/keto and /r/xxketo. You should add me, my username is sperhauk on there (and anyone else can add me as well). It's nice to have a lot of internet buddies holding you accountable and inspiring you! 

I read something on /r/GetMotivated that said something like, you already know what it's like to give in. What would it feel like to keep going? That inspires me so much. 

I also don't have a huge budget to go on when it comes to keto so bulk buying foods (especially meat) and planning meals goes a long way into saving money!  




 I haven't been exercising lately but I would like to start again. I downloaded the zombie run app and used it for a few runs. I'd like to get into a daily yoga routine as well! But I made excuses.

Today marks my third week of keto! I have pork cooking in my crock pot at home right now for carnitas. I'm so freakin' excited! Last week I barely cooked at all so I'm excited to be getting back into it. Keto is much more fun when you cook. 




 I have issues with depression and anxiety and I definitely feel a huge improvement. Maybe it's because I'm low carb, but it could also be that I'm just feeling good by doing something good for my body. I also get a nice mood boost when I see that I have lost weight. 

My depression usually makes me say "I can't" to myself, so sticking to keto helps me fight that feeling. As for my anxiety, I could barely sit still before keto. Now I feel so much more calm and relaxed, and I barely ever have mood swings.  




 Close! I'm in Southeastern Wisconsin.  




 KEELY. I know a Keely, and she is totally rude and obnoxious. Why is it always Keely's haha. 




 Thanks anbeav! 




 So you know when you're looking down at your phone and the screen turns off and you are met with a reflection of your face? And then if you're like me you get depressed because you realize just how much fat appears under your chin?

WELL after two weeks on keto I SWEAR it's gotten noticeably smaller! I thought, maybe I'm holding the phone higher than usual. But I moved it around and still, my chin fat has totally shrunk haha.

This is an awesome victory for me because the fat face in phone reflection occurrence was one of my wake up calls I needed to lose weight! Sooo yeah things are going pretty good.

PS This sub is amazing and you gals are huge motivators! 




 My exact reaction when I saw the pictures haha. 




 sperhauk 




 Yeah I made those excuses for a while too! Good workout clothes can come later, after you've established the habit. Then you can upgrade running shoes or buy other running gear. But making it a habit is important first!  




 I just started jogging a week ago! I downloaded the Zombie Run app to make it more fun. Then it's easier to focus on your run and not other people. Plus after a week of running I actually want to run now, even though I suck at it right now!  




 You have amazing self control. I can't imagine tasting candy as a job and NOT eating everything in sight! 




 You look awesome!  




 Oh well, we can drool at him from a distance. 




 Out of cheese?! I'd panic. 




 True, and when he was bigger he seemed like a guy I could actually get lol. Now...now he's just too good looking. 




 Today at work we are grilling during lunch! So I get to eat a delicious burger with cheese. 

This weekend I was planning on bar hopping with friends, but now that I'm doing keto I think I'm going to pass. I just know I'd be too tempted to eat unhealthily and drink beer. I'll probably spend time with my cat who I've been neglecting all week and playing a ton of video games! I also downloaded the Zombie Run app so I'm gonna get some runs in too!  




 LOL that was one of my favorite stories on Reddit. I'm glad both men and women alike are totally clueless about this.  




 Seriously, I feel like a complete idiot when I talk dirty. What are you supposed to SAY.  









 So I am very sensitive to body sensations, for example, being too hot or too cold makes me anxious, or being sick, or having any kind of pain. Especially when my heart rate increases or I feel flushed. I have basically been trying to avoid being in the sun or doing any kind of physical activity. 

BUT I know that exercise helps anxiety. So for the past few days I have been getting up super early to go for a walk and jog a bit, so that I won't get too hot and I stop if I get panicky because of my heart rate. Well today I went for an awesome jog after work, the sun was shining, and there were (gasp) even people around where I was running, and I WAS FINE. I had some anxious moments, especially immediately post run when I started focusing on my heart beat, but I am calm now I feel just awesome. 

I know I have a ways to go with my anxiety but this is the first time I ever really said fuck you to my anxious feelings and just did something good for myself! 




 I totally feel you because I do the same thing. I think just not looking at progress pics would be helpful.  




 I keep thinking that if I don't lose the weight, I will more than likely gain weight, and keep gaining until I become obese and even more unhealthy. So I am motivated to become healthy and fit!  




 Oh man is that true! I am really proud of myself that I'm the kind of person that chooses to be alone rather than with someone I'm not compatible with anymore. I think it takes a lot of strength to move on from a bad relationship.  




 Your comment made me laugh a lot for some reason.  




 I'm curious about that too, because I calculated 1600 calories for me, and I feel like any lower would be torture, especially when trying to adapt to a new diet!  




 I'm only on day 3 of keto but I try to stay under 25g, and I've been successful! I definitely keep a really close eye on it on MFP.  




 I calorie count and find it pretty helpful. What made you decide on 1200-1300 calories? I used the Keto Calculator in the side bar and it recommended 1600 for me. I feel like 1300 is low but a lot of gals on here eat that much. I just want to maximize how much weight I lose without going crazy out of hunger! 




 LOL this comment is hilarious. I'm going to try it.  




 Ugh that sucks. I married my ex who I had known since high school, at 19 we married and when I was 23 he cheated on me with a friend of mine. UGH. At least she was the same age as me? Anyway, I only recently finalized the divorce and seeing happy couples still annoys me. It's hard for me not to belt out to girls HES PROBABLY CHEATING ON YOU. Cause I'm bitter, I said it. 




 Yeah it's never the skinny healthy relatives, it's always the overweight or obese ones. Like do you hate your life that much that you need to resort to criticizing other peoples' weights. I think they believe they get a pass because they're old and I'm young, and young girls "should" be thin. Whatever! 

The same birthday party my uncle asked me if I was a lesbian. Just out of the blue. Like wtf. Who ASKS that. 




 Damn a half marathon?! Sounds intense. I'm doing C25k as well!  




 Dude fuck off. Have you ever had cats before? Stop being a cunt.  




 Oh my god, I would be absolutely terrified if that happened to me! I'm glad your dog was okay!  




 Fuck that guy. A relative I hadn't seen in a while at a birthday party just randomly sidled up to me and told me I got heavier. Like no one fucking asked you. You've been fat the entire time I have known you and I dont comment on it! Fuck. People are rude. Try not to let it bother you! You've got us girls on here to give you support :)  




 Awesome! You look like a different person :)  




 I don't have a scale and I don't think I will get one. I think it would just discourage me, especially hearing everyone talk about water weight and weight gain on their period. I just started so maybe I'll want to weigh myself eventually, but right now I just weigh myself whenever I'm at my moms haha!  




 I like this idea a lot. I'm going to try it myself!  




 I should do that! Today is my second day of keto so I have a ways to go, but yeah, progress pics are encouraging.  




 Nice job! You can totally tell you've made a ton of progress.  




 Feel free to add me - sperhauk 




 Awesome! Thanks for the reply :) 




 I've always had issues with emotional eating, and I have a ton of anxiety and depression, so I'm worried I'll go off track from keto (today is my first day!). 

If I do start to get really stressed and anxious I'm gonna take a bath and then play an epic amount of video games. 




 What podcasts do you listen to? 




 Awesome! I'm actually super excited to eat today, feeling really motivated.  




 Just started keto today! Mine is sperhauk. 




 Are you serious? They didn't just punch them, they attacked them to the point of serious irreparable injury. So fuck them, they have mental problems.  




 Some girls are into that! This one guy posed with two guns and pretty much looked like a serial killer haha. But a dude at a shooting range might look alright.  




 Holy shit. When did this happen.  




 That would be interesting. I'm in a big city but the surrounding areas are pretty country, which makes sense why dudes would be hunting/fishing/holding guns. A lot of the dudes who live in the city just have a ton of pics of them in bars. 




 That's so awesome. You're quite lucky to have someone so supportive! 
























