




 Ambiguous header but true. I've survived suicide attempts (both my own and that of family members), self-harm, domestic abuse of a parent, depression, anxiety, bulimia and more.

I remember feeling so alone and like a freak for being different to everybody else. I founded The Unmarked Road to share my story, in hope it gives comfort to those going through hard times and struggling with their thoughts and emotions.

**Your past does not have to define your future.**

No matter how dark things appear, there is always a light. I know this because I have come out the other side of some of the deepest depth of despair imaginable. 

Through sharing our experiences, we can end the stigma of mental health together. I welcome all of you to share your stories with me.

Dani xx

[My Suicide Attempt](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YrVz8vewh9w)

For more visit: [The Unmarked Road](http://theunmarkedroad.wordpress.com) 
























 Great little post and yes, we are not our anxiety! :)

I suffer with anxiety...and have suffered with depression, bulimia, self-harm. My greatest achievement to date is setting up my new blog called [The Unmarked Road](http://theunmarkedroad.wordpress.com) which aims to support people currently struggling with similar issues and helping people see that there is hope and a chance to live a normal life. 

Dani xx 




 Hi Jkwazz. I'm sorry to hear you are struggling. When I came off anti-depressants, I had the worst withdrawal, even though the doctors said you can't get withdrawal from these particular drugs. I am not from the US so I can't help in that respect, but I thought I would message you anyway incase you needed someone to talk to. I have a blog called The Unmarked Road in which I talk about y experiences with depression, anxiety and a whole heap of other stuff. You can contact me privately through it at www.theunmarkedroad.wordpress.com if you need some support. 

Dani xx 
























 Hi :)

It is awful to feel 'not normal'. I don't ever remember feeling anything other than a freak for a long time. Self-harming was just one of many ways that I 'coped' with the storm inside my head.

But I have spent 5 years learning ways of dealing in a healthy way. I never engage in harmful behaviour to cope with stress anymore...wow just saying that makes me feel somehow amazed at how different I was to back then; back when I drank, occasionally took drugs, binged and purged on food and self-harmed. I never once now have the urge to engage in any harmful behaviour (the worst I do now is eat a whole pizza to myself followed by a mountain of ice-cream - bit again that isn't to punish myself so it isn't the same thing). 

So why is I have not got any desire to 'give in' to addictions? Because I learned to love myself. I love myself too much to disrespect myself in such a way. I know I deserve to be happy. And that lesson is probably the most important of anyone's life.

The tools that helped me vary from self-affirmations to meditation (no I'm not a crazy hippy, I promise ;)).

People do care, but they don't know how to deal with uncomfortable things. There is too much stigma surrounding it. I am trying to raise awareness and now try to help people that go through similar things that I survived. That's how I see it. I survived. If you'd like to speak in more detail please feel free to ask :) xx 




 Hi :)

Firstly, you're already doing so much by not judging her! Take it from a survivor of self-harm; being made to feel ashamed is incredibly debilitating and worsens the problem.

Self-harm is a way of coping. I don't know if she'll be able to relate, but for me it was a way of stopping the chaos that was in my head. The physical pain was the only thing that beat the emotional pain...at least for a while.

As I said, I'm a survivor. I have gone from doing it almost weekly, to now being free of it for over 8 years. I help and support people going through these things, so please let me know if you would like to talk to me more about it. 

Sending you both strength and love  
























