 What's your best natural beauty 

That amazing thing that makes your hair super soft 

That perfect thing in your cupboard that makes your skin really hydrated 

The amazing secret that's better than any face wash 

Etc


My skin is really sensitive and my hair seems dry no matter what I do. So I thought maybe some natural treatments might work better.  




 I'm looking for a new foundation. I currently use the Elizabeth Arden plump perfect foundation and although it's good, my skin seems to have changed and now it just sits on my skin. 

I'm looking for a full cvs rage foundation that won't dry my skin out too much. 

Any help would be greatly appreciated  




 One of the most genius things he's said is 'I'd usually recommend the pill for irregular periods, but trying to conceive you don't want that do you?' And then he actually waited for an answer.  




 But that's it, I haven't had a period this month, it was two days early and it's just been spitting for 6 days now. Pink discharge that's sometimes brown.  




 Oops! I didn't think it posted. Stupid phone. 




 He finally agreed to tests lady month but left it too late to tell us that the blood tests had to be taken a week before my period. So we had to wait another month. 
We got the results and we didn't know what they meant so made an appointment. 
When we asked he said the test was 'fine' I asked what that meant and he said 'it means they were fine' I told him I didn't know what that meant and that the test was to see if I was ovulating, because any tests I've done the second line is never as dark as the control line. 
He said 'it probably means you are' and that was all the explanation we got. 
We urged him to refer us or send us for further tests because something is clearly up, especially with my periods being so irregular now. He just kept saying everything was fine and we were young and had plenty of time so there was no rush. 

When we left the receptionist asked if I was okay and I broke down, told her everything . 
She has booked me in with a female doctor and told me I should never have been told two years because all doctors advise a year. 

I'm so upset, I've spent two years feeling broken and devastated. Feeling alone even when my partner tried to comfort me or reassure me. 
Counting down the day in the month to ovulation and then waiting for my period. Doing test after test and willing a second line to appear. 

I'm still spotting, have been for 6 days. Extremely light pink discharge and still no real period.  




 We finally got him to agree to blood tests last month but he informed us to late that they had to be done a week before your period. 
So we waited another month, when we got them back we didn't understand what that meant so we made an appointment. When we asked he said 'the tests came back fine' I asked what that meant and he said 'it means fine' I told him I didn't understand what that meant and did it mean I was ovulating, because whenever I've done ovulation tests the second line is never as dark as the control line. He said 'it probably means you're ovulating' and that was as much of an explanation we got. 
I urged him that clearly we needed more tests and that my periods were now irregular and painful, he just said that everything seemed fine and we were young so there was no rush. 

When we went out into reception the receptionist asked if I was okay and I cried and told her everything, she has booked me in with a female doctor and told me that we should never have been told two years. That a year is always what is advised for further tests etc. 

I'm so upset, every month I take a day off work for when I get my period because I can't handle how depressed I feel once I get it, and I always expect to get it now. I feel broken and my doctor won't listen to me.  




 I wank a lot, when i'm bored or tired or can't sleep or because i'm horny or because i've done it once and i wanna see how quick i can do it again. Plus sometimes it's nice to check out what's going on, ya know. 




 If me and my boyfriend switched he would think 'well she wanks a lot when i'm not around' 'she looks at her boobs and vagina a lot' 'she poops WAY more than she makes out' and finally 'holy shit period pains are the worst thing in the whole world ever' 




 I don't have much in there at the moment, but here you go :)
http://open.spotify.com/user/116416446/playlist/6i7Xy5eLVdCyPucurXKIlG 




 That's quite a bit for me to get on with! thanks so much :D 




 Just after some epic sounding post rock to update my playlist 


































 Thanks :) 
4 hours and it will be three days late. Still no sign. 
Tmi I know but I'm so constipated and my breast feel like they are going to burst with pain. At this point I just want to get my period so I can get on with it.  




 Thank you so much, just hearing that someone can see how much we care and you saying to try and not fight. I don't know why but it just kinda helps. 

Fighting always seems so trivial and silly afterwards I never understand why we even argue in the first place :( 




 Thank you for your opinion. Which you're entitled too. I'll take it on board.  




 We are trying because we may not even have a chance, it was the cancer scare and being told we may not be able to ever have children that started all of these issues off.  




 Writing down my thoughts down does help sometimes because I can take my time. 

Talking I get tongue tied and almost stutter now, and then I get angry at myself and start shouting and getting frustrated. 

I'm very good at articulating myself, it's like I've everything in me and who I am over the last 2-4 months. I'm not sure when or how long ago it started  




 Well that's it, when I'm upset I can go to my friends and they listen and want to know why I'm feeling a certain way. They know how much I love him and so they just listen and are there for me. They don't push their opinions. 

I'm not sure who he has to talk to, we both have his mum but he's so adamant nothing is wrong he just keeps saying 'I'm happy if you're happy' 

He's also a gamer and he's started playing a lot more games, to escape I think? He's always gamed a lot but it's a LOT more recently. 

I don't want him to be strong and silent and my hero, but if that's how he's not feeling really. I want to know if he's stressed or sad. Even if it's me that is causing it, how would I know if he doesn't tell me? He wants to fix everything for me, make me feel better, not give me any stress and not make me feel bad. Why would he think I don't want to do the same for him?  




 That isn't what I said or meant. He isn't venting or talking it through he's asking this person to make decisions for him and to answer for him. 

He's trying to act like the strong silent hero and fix everything and make everything better. Any time I ask if he's struggling or needs help he says no 

I have no idea what's going on. He's telling me nothing is wrong but I know something is wrong because I know him. Then he's going to this guy for advise or help. 

A relationship is based on communication. 

And yes, I am trying to get help. I can't take any medication because we are trying to conceive and I wouldn't take anything anyway. 

I was put on a waiting for counselling which was a 3 month wait list, and my first session is in five days. I've also taken some time off work to try and relax and de-stress 




 It's not that he was talking to him, I understand that completely. If he can't talk to me then he NEEDS to talk to someone else. This friend however is going straight to 'it's all hassle, women are hassle just break up' which doesn't help the situation. 

I have counselling in five days, and I'm hoping that starts to help. 

I want him to talk to me about everything but he's trying to be the strong but silent type. Isn't telling me if he's having troubles in work etc because he doesn't want to worry me, but I know SOMETHING is up anyway so I worry and stress and make up all sorts letting my mind wonder with what is going on and what he isn't telling me  




 I've known my boyfriend since we were 11 we went to the same high school. 

I moved and moved to a different high school, I left home young, as soon as I could when I was 16 to a much older, controlling man. Got married at 19 and had the courage to leave him when I was 21 with the help of who I thought was my best friend but turned out to be one of the worst people. 

Whilst I was leaving my husband me and my current boyfriend got chatting, went for drinks. He told me he had always had a crush on me and always liked me. We ended up going home together. 

I knew I didn't want a relationship but I REALLY liked him, he was the first person I had had ever, properly had a crush on and he didnt want one because he had just come out of one as well

Anyway, things went tits up and we fucked each other around for about a year. Sleeping with each other but fighting and bitching about each other when we weren't doing that

Four years pass and in that time I have a relationship with an abusive sociopath, I get the courage to leave him and  have no interest in relationship or men or anything.....until we start talking again 

Things are AMAZING this time though, we fall in love and everything is perfect. 

Then his housemate moves out, and mine moves to Australia....everyone wants to know why we aren't moving in with each other? He wants to know why we aren't. We have only been together four months though 

But we do, we move into what we think is the perfect place. Then we have the landlord from hell, no heating for months in winter, broken cooker and shower on and off. Insane damp in the bedroom that covers everything in a small layer of water 

I get a new CRAZY busy job with loads of pressure and my boyfriend starts having struggles at work 

He have money problems 

We go through a breast cancer scare with a biopsy and tests and scans (yay no cancer!) 

We get told me might have trouble Conceiving so (and probably stupidly) we stop using protection. Except now I'm worrying about conceiving. Whilst all our friends get pregnant around us I'm worried about being broken. I would love a family with this man. I've never wanted one before but the thought of a family with him fills me with this pure feeling of just warmth and happiness. So why am I the not who's not conceiving? 

Anyway, so much happened I just kind of snapped. I started having panic attacks, chest palpitations, scratching my face and pulling bits of hair out, I developed ibs, I cry several time a day, I get headaches every day. 

I just kind of broke, and everything came out. How I'm struggling and suffering with anxiety and stress and depression. 

We agreed that I needed more help around the house and sometimes to just be taken easy and fragile with everything 

But the opposite has happened

Our relationship break down isn't a victim of circumstances like cheating, it's neglect. 

I don't think he can handle everything either but he's trying to be the strong one, the man, the hero and no matter how much I tell him I don't want or need that I just need HIM he's still trying to be strong.  

When I do try and talk I'm so anxious it all comes out in jumbles and shouts and then I get more anxious and start scratching my face and shaking and having panic attacks. We antagonise each other and it gets so out of hand. We usually only stop when I'm crippled with chest pain having a panic attack

It's like he's shut down, he's not the same him since I broke down, he's not here, he's different and distant. 

So this morning when I got up early because I was ill, when I went online his Facebook was still open

And I just couldn't help myself. I looked, and he's been talking to a friend about everything, communicating with him, telling him how he feels and getting advise from him. Even copying messages from me and asking him to help reply 

Why is he talking to someone else and not me? 

What can I do? 

I love him so much, he's my person and I don't ever want to live without him. Everything before him just seems rubbish and wrong

But I'm watching our relationship ruin day by day as we argue and shout and I'm finding it harder a harder to deal with everything. 

I've even debated killing myself 

I just don't know what to do anymore 

I just want us to be okay again. I want us to be US because it's just me, missing him. 

 




 I wax my eyebrows, I just buy the large wax strips for legs and then cut them to size with scissors. 

I tried microwaveable ones and eyebrow ones and all sorts and this just works best for me and works out a lot cheaper as well!  




 I would say maybe clean the tops up a bit and they would be great. You already have a fab shape and they really suit your face. Very jealous of your brows!  




 I got the naked2 for Christmas, I had been viewing blogs and YouTube videos for months and couldn't decide between 1   2 

What made me want two more was the hard wearing tin case over the velvet one and the colours were more 'my' colour 

If also put off buying t because t coat so much, but would happily spend 16 on a mac eyeshadow. 

I'm glad I got it, now I want 1   3  




 I'm seeing her tomorrow, I've written everything down I want to ask her. 

My spotting stopped Sunday but I feel like I'm going to get another period any second now. 

I'm so scared something might be wrong :( 




 I'm hoping that seeing the female Doctor in two weeks, we'll get some more answers, or she will explain more to us, refer us. Anything to get anywhere other than we are 
























 Thanks so much. I woke up and cried this morning then when I got into work I remembered to check and all the comments really made me feel warm  




 Thank you :)  




 I have therapy currently, but the UK NHS will only pay for 7 sessions. Which ends soon. I'm hoping we will be able to pay privately after that. Other wise I'm at a loss as to what to do  




 Yeah that's it, every month. I build myself up and I actually start to feel happy, but that's because there is hope then. When I get my period it's ground zero, and I have to build my way back up, trying not to hope but never being able to stop is creeping up, such a wonderful feeling to have. If you can get what you're hoping for in the end, when it's dashed month after month, hope becomes everything I detest and hate, hope currently makes me bitter and angry and jealous of all my friends, who I desperately want to be happy for and I can act happy for them. Inside I'm dying for what they have. It really feels like I'm dying infront of them.  




 I've got a little chihuahua who is wonderful and loving, and gets my constant mothering. She really is our little baby  




 This community is great, and always helps. It just helps to know that actually, you aren't insane and crazy, because every woman feels the same in the same situation. It helps that i'm not alone but also makes me so sad....that i'm not alone in this. It upsets me so much seeing how so many women are feeling as broken, useless and desperate as i am 




 You put it so perfect, it's the most challenging mental workout i've ever had. One that I can't control. I've just started therapy as well :(  




 Is that your little doggie? he/she is very VERY cute. Thank you 3 




 I called in sick most of the week, and hid away in the dark. Crying and screaming and stamping my feet and banging doors on purpose. Then trying to reign it in for when my OH gets home so he doesn't see how mental this is actually making me (little doses, he's a gentle soul haha)

I feel so pathetic for needing time off work, some months i can handle it, others i can't. Usually the months when my period is late, it screws with my head so much.

I'm sorry you're going through this too, where's our F'ing stalk when we need him eh? big hugs to you as well x 




 Thanks Fabulous Mrs O ;)

It makes me feel better that there are people going through what i am, feeling what i am, doing what i do. Then is breaks my heart that there are so many women, all over the world who are feeling and hurting like i am. We all deserve babies, my newest and most overused thing i say is 'but why don't i get a baby and the bad mums do?' i'm getting sick of myself 




 I'm so sorry you went through something so awful :( I had a miscarriage two years ago and that was something I'm sure I will get over, I can't imagine holding my baby in my arms and seeing what could have been. I'm crossing everything for you that a week late means good news and that you have a happy and healthy pregnancy. 

This is the third day I am late, it's been two days late before but not three, but then it isn't really three until the end of the day. 

I'm not holding out any hope though, I know I'm not. I'm not going to do any tests and upset myself more when they are negative. 

I was told two years ago that I was infertile and I thought over time it would get easier, but it doesn't, it just gets harder. 

Why am I not entitled to something so many women get by 'accident' ? 




 Thank you 3 




 I remember when I used to be pleased when I got my period, and almost pleased when they were irregular 'woo not pregnant and not so many periods' now I detest getting them but getting a late/irregular/non existent syke you out one? Worse.  




 That's the worst part, the hope. I know I'm not pregnant, I've been here many times before and done test after expensive test, willing it to say positive only for my period to arrive, finally and I'm devastated. 
So this time, no tests and no hope, I know I'm going to get my period and that's that, but it's not. With every hour, heck with every minute that goes past there is a little bit more hope. 

What gets to me is the constant toilet trips I'm having to take because 'OMG it's finally here' oh no false alarm.  
























 Thank you :) i decided to get my bum out of bed, danced wildly around my flat whilst cleaning. That made me feel a little better, seeing everything all clean and where it should be.

IVF scares the shit out of me, and i know i'm nowhere near ready for it, but there is a huge waiting list, i don't know how long it is though. That's the thing about infertility it's just a fuck tonne of not knowing anything and it drives me insane 




 It's on my list of things to watch, but unfortunately when i feel low i turn into megagirl 300 and like to watch fluffy things like new girl and the mindy project, people are always mixed about supernatural, so i've put it off for a while, but i did that with the first season of game of thrones and breaking bad. It was epic having a whole season to watch though, i like to power watch things. 

hehe! sexy, beautiful and handsome (no-homo i assume?) but always good to have some hunky eye candy, this makes me want to watch it more.... 




 That made me smile the biggest smile! i often dream about being in the truman show (god damn that film) but i like yours way better. Also, should i give supernatural a go? 
I think i'd be more a new girl show if i was a show. 
Thanks for your reply, it genuinely cheered me up a bit 




 I would say your parents may feel some guilt, and it makes them feel bad so they attack. Because they don't want to be made to feel bad about something they can't fix. They are your parents, it probably kills them to see you so depressed, they are probably struggling with it a great amount. They are trying to help by paying for treatment, but can't do anything first hand. I suffer with severe depression, i've tried to commit suicide 3 times, so i can understand where you are at this time. I know that i push people away, and i get angry at them, when they are trying to help and it can make them say mean things to me. I think you have to both learn to give each side a break, they need to give you a break because you're depressed, everything is harder, everything is pressure, even having to communicate with people is hard, but also, see how hard it might be for them? seeing you so low, not being able to help and having you lash out because you're confused and anxious and depressed. Depression, i personally think is one of the hardest things us humans can try to understand. I mean, i don't know you're parents or you, but i'm just trying to help a little, i'm always here to chat if you need, you can send me a private message at any time, even if it's just to say you're feeling really shitty. I'm a good listener :) i really hope you feel even the tiniest bit better soon 3 x 




 Don't worry, i'm not going to do anything stupid. But i have, and it scares me how easily i can start thinking about it again. I just wondered what other people did to help them? what steers you away from thinking dark thoughts? what helps you stop the thoughts in their tracks, if anything?

I turn music up as loud as i possibly can, and dance wildly around my flat, i mean legit wildly, hair flailing, hips like Shakira (in my mind)  

I need a little help today. 




 Thank you, I am getting counselling, i have suggested joint counselling for us both, mainly just so he could understand me and the situation better because he says he doesn't. But he said no, and wants to try having fun and going out again instead. 




 With the NHS and how it works, i could only see my first therapist for 6 sessions, then they decide if you need further help or if you're better. When i tried to kill myself she was one of the first people i told, and she referred me to the mental health team, who i would them see. She was just so lovely, and she'd give me a hug when i was leaving. I miss her :( 




 I phoned my local mental health team, they asked me why I hadn't called before and i cried so hard i couldn't hear them and they couldn't get a single word out of me. So, i've got an emergency appointment next Thursday at 1.30pm. She said that even though the anti-depressants would be helping, she said being told that it would be recommended we have IVF and that my partner is infertile is really hard news to hear and that i may need something different now to help, it's a lot for a tiny pill to deal with.

I try and talk to my partner about how scared i am, about hearing that he's infertile etc and that i'm so scared of the fact that i won't ever conceive naturally, here in the UK you're entitled to IVF once, we wouldn't ever be able to afford it, so i've also had to come to terms with the fact that we will probably only have one child, at most. I try and tell him and he turns on the 'happy machine' and tells me everything will be fine, we might even conceive naturally, the results could have been wrong. I'm fed up of hearing it all though, it's all bad news and i should be allowed to deal with that, to come to terms with the fact i won't have a child naturally and only have one. I should be allowed to be sad and angry, It makes me more angry and upset that he doesn't understand that. 

I also suggested couples counselling, or something along those lines to help, i told him i didn't think he understood what's going on or anything and it might help, but he said no, said all we needed was to go on dates again.

He doesn't really think anything i say or suggest is a good idea. 




 I know that he wants what's best for me, but he gets these ideas or reads what is best for someone or gets advise from his friends and that's it, it's in his head like concrete, no matter what i say. I tell him ways he can help, like helping with cleaning or doing something like i love, but he's so stuck in his ways, i'm his first long term girlfriend and so everything is alien to him, still. It makes me feel alien, i ask him to help with the house in every way i can, nicely, i sit him down and talk to him, i get upset and cry, i order him to do it, i shout and scream and call him names, nothing works and then i'm the monster who has called him names and then he's down for a few days, doesn't help because he's down because i've shouted at him, and we go around and around in this circle. I don't know, maybe we're just not working anymore, all of this is just highlighting that fact. I find myself saying what i know he wants to hear sometimes. I just can't be bothered anymore. It seems to all be his way, but he thinks it's the other way around. I stopped trying for a baby for HIM because he wasn't comfortable anymore, even though it kills me, I agreed to stay where we are living even though i hated it, as long as we made it a home, after waiting months i made it a home myself, bought everything, cleaned the entire place (i'd gone on cleaning strike and it was like we lived with wild animals) i moved furniture and carried home shopping that kills my arms, He left, about 2 months ago, got his mother to come up to our bedroom and tell me and then she stood between us not letting me talk to him, told me i couldn't be a mother with how i was, how i was treating him, how he was coming home to a dirty house. She stood in my home and put me down at the very lowest part of my life. I was screaming for help, from everybody, and then he left. Now i want space, and i asked him to just stay at his mothers for one night, so i could just sit in my own bed without anyone and cry, and be upset and think everything through and try and decide what i need. He refused and so i gave in, i've had a week off work and to be honest it's been so nice in the day and as soon as it gets to 4pm and i know he'll be home in an hour and a half i start feeling all uptight and anxious because i know he'll want attention and love and affection, he'll want to watch something different to what i've been watching all day, he'll want me to cook. When even just talking at the moment feel so hard to do. i'm rambling again, i'm really sorry 




 I had counselling at the beginning of the year, it did help, because she would tell me everything i felt was normal, she'd let me just sit there and cry, she would let me get angry and shout and tell her it wasn't fair and she's agree and tell me that it wasn't fair and feeling angry and shouting was normal. My partner is all about the calm, hates when i'm angry, so i feel pressure from that too. When i'm pretty much angry a lot of the time. To be honest i'm starting to just distance myself from him and i'm scared about that too. I got referred to a different therapist though and i'm waiting on them. Which i'm also scared about, i don't want to have to tell another stranger all about how i feel and what's going on.  




 Yes, anti-depressants, i've been taking them for about 6 weeks now. I don't know if they help, i kind of picked myself back up when my partner left, now i feel so down again i don't know what to do. I can't really talk to him, he just tries to cheer me up, or make things better, telling me to smile and not worry. But i am worried, all the time, i don't want to smile, i want to cry. I feel trapped in my own mind and house. I'm not allowed to be upset, i'm not allowed to be down or cry, i'm not allowed to be angry. When i am, i'm angry, so angry, at myself, at my body at my mind, at him. :'( 




 I can't remember the last time I woke up and wasn't terrified. I suffered with depression through Christmas and the new year, My partner couldn't handle it anymore and got his mother to tell me he was leaving. I tried to kill myself, he came back and we're working on things. I made myself better, got a new amazing job and i'm really trying so hard every day to just get through. We agreed that we would stop trying because he wasn't comfortable, i suggested we stop everything for 6 months, no appointments no nothing. I'm terrified though, all i've ever wanted since i can remember is to be a mother. 

I've started to wonder if i even want children at all anymore, but am i just making myself think that because i'm scared?

I don't want IVF, i don't want hormone treatments and everything that comes with it, i want to feel the joy of finding out i'm pregnant, i daydream about doing the test and it being positive, and then i crash back to reality where i'm all broken and a mess and not even trying to get pregnant anymore. 

I'm struggling so hard this week, i've spent the last two days in pretty much constant tears, even when i'm okay my face streams with tears, i'm being sick again and not eating, i don't want to get out of bed. 

i'm so scared, what if i get so low again and he leaves again.

i feel so fucked i just want everything to go away, just for a little bit i don't want to be worried or scared of my own life.

I just want to feel normal, for one day. Instead i feel pressured by everything, pressure to keep a clean house, pressure of even being someones girlfriend and everything that goes with that. Pressure of not trying or pressure of trying, pressure of a new job, If i could run away and clear my head and not have anyone make me do anything or try to fix me. I would. I'd leave everything just to stop everything for just a little while.

I know i'm just rambling but i don't really have anyone at all. 




 That's so amazing! i'm so happy for you. Thank you so much for letting me know, we've decided to stop trying for a year. No appointments no trying no nothing. I'm hoping that eases all the stress and upset, even though it terrifies me to stop trying. Thanks again for letting me know, that's made me happy and so happy for you! 




 I try to go to the gym 3 times a week and it helps with sleeping  
























 I guess it's British slang? I didn't realise. It means cool, alright. It's something that's did in passing though like, 'I like the new chart song' oh you do? Safe.  




 No ignore me, i'm going to take my tiny dog for a walk and stop being a grumpy bum.  




 All looks so delicious! what a babe. Surprise snacks are the BEST kind of snacks 




 Thank you :) i'm starting to look forward to Thursday and being able to talk everything through with someone 




 Thanks I think so too, I suggested we talk about it every 6 months. So then there's a time frame but also no pressure. 




 I know that nobody can help really and that most of these things i'm going to have to deal with myself, i just wish there was a magic genie that would fix everything for me whilst i sat back and drank gin LOL. I'm off to the shop to get my hubby's favourite food. So i'm hoping that cheers us both up! 




 Thank you :) i'd really like a text buddy, but i'm in the UK :( 
I was seeing a therapist, and i'm seeing one again on Thursday after a 6 weeks break. So i'm looking forward to that. 
I was doing fine today, i got up early, walked quite a long way to get my hubby's favourite dinner. When i told him though he replied 'safe' and it made me cry so now i'm back in bed. Maybe tomorrow eh? 




 I think that's what I'm most scared of though. That I will get counselling and come to the realisation that maybe this relationship just isn't working. I love him so much, I've never felt like this someone. I didn't want children with anyone before him, we went to school together we dated. Few years ago and it didn't work out then we ended up together. Maybe I'm stuck in the idea it's some rom com ending, we are meant to be and meant to live happily ever after. I don't want to let that go. 

He came home with red roses today, I don't know what I did to deserve them but I can't stop smiling. 
However, he said we are really low on money and our pay days are about three weeks off, if I was to spend the same on something i love like nail polish he would be really angry. I know that sounds selfish but I don't mean it that way, I mean, both make me happy, but if we are low on money then we are low on money aren't we? Don't get me wrong they are so beautiful and i was feeling so long, they cheered me up. 

I don't really have anyone to vent to, my best friend is Russian and very to the point, she doesn't think he's right for me, she LOVES him and thinks he's a lovely guy, she just doesn't think he's right/good for me. She just turned up at my house when I tried to kill myself and she said she'd never felt so broken when she sat in the room with the psychologist whilst I told them why I did it. She's scared that I will struggle again and he won't be able to handle it and leave again and I will try and kill myself and she won't be around. She said it's her own selfish reason as well because I'm her best and only friend in the uk so she doesn't ever want to lose me. 

My mother is poison and my father is an alcoholic, so I don't see any of my family or siblings. I tried talking to his mother and really felt like we were close and she would help me, then she broke up with me for him, packed all his things for him and stood in between me and him and said awful awful things to me. I wasn't fit to be a mother because I was so depressed, I needed to pick myself up and 'stop being like this' that I was making him miserable and he shouldn't have to come home to me like this and a house so dirty. Then he left me on the stairs, they both just left me on my own when I'd told him that morning I wanted to kill myself. Afterwards after he had come home, she invited us to a few family things and I didn't want to go, when he asked me why I told him about his mother, he said he couldn't remember and said he would talk to her, it took two weeks and another argument with me calling him awful names, told him he was like his father, even called him a cunt, he talked to her but is now angry at me because I'm angry  at her and not comfortable around her. 

I literally agreed to stop trying for a baby for him, I would still be trying now because I'm so scared I might lose my chance, but I don't want to start taking the pill and mess up my cycle and condoms make me very sore after a while, he's also very large so it happens quicker. We agreed to not have unprotected sex for a week in the middle of my cycle and I said I would try condoms, then he got grumpy at me because I didn't want to try condoms that month and would prefer to not have sex, it was also hard for me to use condoms when I was ovulating, like an extra kick in the teeth. I got really upset and cried and he said he was sorry and wasn't thinking, but it still upsets me. 

That's the other thing as well, I can't bring up anything because he says it's in the past and we are moving on, but it's all happened since January, that isn't the past is it? It still feels really fresh and still hurts an insane amount. 

I know all of this sounds like I've answered my own questions about our relationship, and trust me I could go on and on but that's it at all, I really do love him more than anything in the world, even my dog who is my child and who has been my constant since my divorce. Since I was 18 actually. He's my world. I don't want to figure out we aren't working, or give up, I don't want to break up, I just want help, talking to him didn't help, doing it online so I don't shout and call him names doesn't help, writing it all down and telling him doesn't help, ordering him, shouting, screaming, calling him awful names. Nothing works it just makes me more of a minister because I'm calling this lovely guy all this horrible things when he's so calm and never shouts at me. 

All his friends say they don't like how I talk to him and he says there is no need for my anger or shouting and he just wants us to be perfect and never argue, but I feel like he drives me to it,  I start shouting even if we aren't arguing because I never feel listened to, I feel like I'm shouting over my own mental broken brain and if he wants this perfect relationship but then why isn't anything changing? Why isn't he? He's telling me I need to stop being angry and calling names, but then nothing changed and I build up to full rage again. What do I do? What do I need to do. I'll do anything but I don't know where to even start. 

I've full on rambled now, but once I started talking I couldn't stop. It's not often I have people listening to me
 




 I was expecting so much from Dazzle Camouflage. Not gonna lie, a little disappointed it's only stripes 




 I'm 26, i've 'started afresh' a few times, left my controlling much older husband when i was 20, then left an abusive partner. I can't hit the refresh button this time though, because there's nothing to refresh :/ So i feel like i'm stuck in a rut. 

All i seem to do is observe my body, but i think i try and figure it out TOO much, i get angry and i'm like, is that depression? pms? sometimes i think i have to just know that all it is, is anger.

YES! that's exactly it, i've always felt weak, because of my childhood, i build myself up and i'm this strong independent person. Then i got depressed and tried to kill myself, now i feel so broken and weak, i hate how my boyfriend looks at me sometimes. I hate people knowing i'm struggling. 

He says i'm the powerful one in the relationship, i wear the trousers. He told me he wasn't strong enough to deal with how depressed i was. So now i'm starting to feel so low again i'm scared, he's not strong enough for this and can't handle it, so what do i do? i don't want to lose him, but i can't look after myself and someone else too.

I'm sorry you've gone through so much 3  




 Yay us! :) 




 It's 4pm in the UK here, i didn't get up until the afternoon :/ 
Change always helps me too, but i'm not really sure what i could change at the moment. Whilst i LOVE my new job in a school, it's a new job so i'm having to make a super impression. To be honest my biggest pressure at the moment is my relationship. Counselling next week though after a 6 week break, so i'm just preying that starts to help me again. That's my main goal as well, i had a really shitty childhood, so i want to illuminate stress and give my child the best and happiest life they could have. My biggest kick in the teeth is my family is mainly females, and they are all as fertile as bloody cats, they stop taking contraception and BOOM bun in the oven. 




 Huzzah! glad i helped in the man crush hehe! it's like we're having a sleepover and talking crushes, this chat has super cheered me up (SUPER which means it's like cheered up but with super powers) 




 Nah, I find that most men have a 'if i was gay i'd totally let him touch my butt' I find that a lot of the time it's Nathan Fillion. 
Girls get it too, like i see some women and i'm not sure if i want to be them or be all up on their grill ya know? Kat Dennings does it for me heh she's so feisty and busty.  
























