 I'm sure I'll get flamed for this, but true friends don't write each other off for life choices. My BFF is pregnant. If she's happy, I'm happy.  




 Really want to respond with "You know what day of the year I love NOT having kids? EVERY SINGLE PAYDAY." 









 After I told my grandmother that I didn't want to have kids, she told me that if she could do it all over again, she wouldn't have them herself. It was just what you did back then. She is MORE than supportive of my choice. She tells me not to get married either! 




 I work in IT security. There is definitely a market for that in Richmond, and I believe it will continue to grow. A lot of people at my company moved to Richmond from the DC area - some for this job, and some before they started working here. It's becoming such a common thing that I really think the Richmond area will be an exponentially bigger place, population-wise, in 20-30 years.

My company (a Fortune 10) is hiring right now for quite a few positions. Shoot me a PM if you want to talk about what you've been doing specifically. 




 You're spending too much time and energy trying to justify your life to other people. I've done this myself too. Just let it go and focus on living your life, not explaining why you are living it a certain way. Sure people will say dumb things, but if they weren't saying something stupid and insulting about the childfree life, they would be saying something stupid and insulting about something else. It's what people do. 

Go live your life with no regrets.  









 I wouldn't say anything to them. Honestly, they are already WELL aware of the crying and are probably going crazy themselves trying to stop it. Not even parents like hearing that racket nonstop. 

This is just one of those reasons that apartment living sucks. In my last apartment, the guy below me had a dog that barked all day long while he wasn't home. Drove me insane. I love dogs and have one myself so I was understanding to a point. Eventually I mentioned it to him and he tried a bunch of things like leaving the TV on etc but nothing stopped it. He ended up getting rid of the dog. I enjoyed the quiet but felt pretty shitty after that one. 

 




 If he has a problem with how you are handling it, he should help HIS child with his homework. It's nice of you to help SS, but that isn't your kid and you have a right to have a limit where once somebody hits that limit, you don't help them anymore.  




 I don't mean comedy. I mean bad poetry, angry performance art, and stuff like that. With VCU here, there has to be some of this around. 




 There was blood left at the scene, but if the suspect hasn't been arrested for a felony since then, their DNA wouldn't be in the database and would not pop up as a match. 




 Wow. That's scary. I would say 99% of the drug related homicides I ever saw were gunshots. Stabbing someone like that is pretty... Personal.  




 Interesting. Well regardless, it's an interesting read.  




 God. Never would have imagined someone doing that ! 




 I'm in this area a lot and I'm confused by this. Knowing that turn, it seems like the only way this guy would have been hit is if HE hit someone ELSE coming the opposite way on Broad.

To be making a left turn onto that street, he would have been going east on Broad. The street he was turning into is a two-way street, but coming off of that street onto Broad is a right turn only. Unless some idiot thought they could turn left out of there. 




 I saw this mentioned in another thread, so I looked it up out of curiosity. Not much out there on it, except for a video that Henrico County published:

http://henrico-va.granicus.com/MediaPlayer.php?publish_id=98

According to that video, there were drug overtones. The overkill also points to the suspect being someone they knew. 

I'm surprised there isn't more out there about this. I used to work in law enforcement and I'm pretty well-versed on cold cases, missing persons and unidentified bodies around the state. I'd never heard of this one until today.

The police have samples of the suspect's blood, which wasn't very useful at the time, but with the DNA advances since, all they need is a name. Given their ages, the fact that they knew a lot of people, and the possible drug activity, SOMEONE probably knows what happened that night - someone other than the suspect, I mean. There was a struggle, and the suspect would have had a large/deep laceration on his hands or arms.

Anyone remember this?

 




 Hey guys! I came across a book at the library I wanted to share here. It's called "The Skeleton Crew" by Deborah Halber - all about the web sleuths out there solving cases like this. 

I used to work in law enforcement investigations and there was another thread where people were asking me how this happens, how people go missing and aren't reported etc. This book gives some insight on this. 

"The Missing" by Andrew O'Hagan is good too, it's UK based but the same scenarios apply there. 

 




 Either or both. I ran into a LOT of this misogyny on dating sites. Well, this type and worse.  




 Yes, any time I hear a man tell a woman "the truth" it's always something hateful disguised as being helpful. I guarantee he is currently on a dating site engaging in this same behavior.  




 Knew we wouldn't have to wait long for a misogynist to come along and try and bump the OP down a few levels. 




 thank you! 




 Ah, I get it now. Thanks a lot! 




 I'm confused how that generates taxable income. I've already paid income tax regardless... right? 




 thanks!! 




 I recently got a very nice raise (30%) and I'm trying to get my finances straight. I currently contribute 8% of my salary to my employee-sponsored 401K which comes directly out of my paycheck, so I don't even notice it missing. I chose 8% because my employer matches 50% of what I put in, up to that point.

I have opened up a rollover IRA to roll over my old 457 plan (government version of a 401K) from an old job. Right now it is a traditional IRA, but I apparently have the option to do a one-time conversion to a Roth if I so choose. I haven't figured that one out yet.

My question is, with either a traditional or a Roth IRA, do those contributions have to be taken directly out of my paycheck? I have a couple of different savings goals right now so I would like to have the option of manually putting the money in every month, at least for awhile. I'm a "saving personality" so I'm not worried about blowing the money if it doesn't come out automatically. I just want to have little leeway so if something comes up that I want to do (like take a trip or something), I don't have to deal with changing my contributions through my employer. If I can just transfer money over to the IRA like I do my savings account - manually every paycheck, and adjusting by more or less depending on what's going on in my life - I would prefer that.

I've googled this and haven't found an answer. I'm wondering how that would work with taxes. If I'm doing it after I get my paycheck, then the money has already had income tax taken out of it. If I put it into an IRA, will I get taxed twice? 




 Couple more things you have to keep in mind for older cases:

1) A lot of missing persons cases got brushed off back in the day. Either they wouldn't take reports for cases like this, or they would take a report and not do anything with it, leading to -

2) At my department we had a few cold case missing persons cases that slipped through the cracks and were never entered into the national database NCIC (probably because the case wasn't taken seriously at first - in which case the missing person status wouldn't pop up for regular review by the reporting department (by NCIC guidelines). So they end up forgotten... and flash forward to today, they aren't in the online missing person databases that are available now. So there's basically no way to easily connect them to unidentified bodies.

Oh and 3) it was a LOT easier to change your identity before 9/11. It was WAY easy to just slip off in the night and start using a different identity. These days there is more of a paper trail if you go missing voluntarily. We had a lady disappear, family thought she was dead... a month later her SSN pops up in public records and lo and behold, she's in another state. She just said screw it and left without telling anybody. We only were able to track her because she kept using her old information. It's harder now to just make up a new identity without getting caught. Years ago, it happened all the time.


 




 Yep... all of this, 100%. 




 But from what I saw in my old job, a LOT of missing people fall under these types of categories:

- homeless/transient, so no one really notices them "missing" 

- left on their own accord as an adult. From what has come up about Grateful Doe/Jason, sounds like he had already left voluntarily. Add to that the fact that he was following the Dead, thereby entering "transient" territory above. 1995 was a different time, no cell phones and Facebook to keep tabs on people. 
- established pattern of leaving for long periods of time. when they don't come back, people assume they decided to leave for voluntarily, for good this time.

- drug/alcohol problems, which in turn lead to "established pattern of leaving" or homelessness

- bad or no relationship with family, or family all deceased

So generally, lots of people (sadly) are in situations where no one notices you missing, no one cares you are missing, or they assume you just want to be left alone and not found, so it doesn't occur to them to file a missing persons report. I'm sure a lot of people also assume that the police won't bother putting a lot of manpower into a missing person report unless it's obvious that the person is a) underage; b) has a severe medical condition or mental disability; c) signs of foul play exist, or d) it's VERY unusual behavior for the person. And sadly yes this does happen. 

One of my hobbies is street photography, and I come into contact with a lot of homeless and "train kids" who ride the rails around the country. It's a whole subculture of people. Who would notice these people missing? Also with homeless/transient people, there's usually a dislike/distrust of the police. After all, they get harassed on a regular basis, typically. If they ARE traveling in a group and one of them disappears, I don't think it would be likely that they would go file a police report. Same with homeless people that stay in one area. Going to the police about this stuff just doesn't generally happen. 




 I used to work in law enforcement - in Virginia - as an intelligence/investigative support analyst. I have a passion for missing   unidentified cases, and still do, even though I left the field.

The Grateful Doe case was one of the cases in my state that really bothered me deeply. I spent many, many hours - over the course of many years - researching the case, trying to match Grateful Doe with missing persons reports across the country. I used what law enforcement databases and resources I had to try and figure out who this young man was, or even who the Caroline's were. Something, anything to help.

Obviously all of that effort was fruitless, given that he was never reported missing. I figured that might be the case - it happens a lot, for a variety of reasons.

When I saw the new developments recently, I actually cried. I am so happy this looks like it will finally be resolved. I'm also glad to see that Jason was a happy person who looked like he truly enjoyed his life and was living it the way he wanted. A lesson to us all...  
























 Interesting.. would have been nice to have been notified why. 

People complain about moms all the time on here, I guess showing sympathy for a dead child, even while pointing out parental stupidity, is a no no? I don't have or want kids, maybe I should have made that clear before I dared show sympathy for a child. 









 Well, it isn't just parents. There's this girl:

https://www.facebook.com/supportingjase/posts/1583148091903256

... using this Facebook page to pimp her own story. "I'll tell you the short version" and then hijacks the page with her own medical issues. Oh dear god. 

I need to stop looking at Facebook. 




 My guess is it's drug-related. Your run of the mill burglars don't break into houses when people are home. They just want your stuff, they don't want to be seen or deal with anybody. I am assuming the people were home based on the terminology being used - "home invasion" and "robbery" vs burglary.
 




 Yeah, I saw that. 

It always amazes me how completely stupid people can be during a tragedy.  




 I think if you are going to have a child, you need to be prepared to deal with anything that might be wrong with the child. One of the many reasons I don't want kids myself... they are enough of a responsibility, god forbid they have something wrong that requires tons of money in medical bills and there is no chance of them ever living on their own.

That said, you have to keep in mind it is a cultural thing in some places. Hell, it wasn't until relatively recently in the United States that kids with disabilities weren't immediately shipped off to an institution for the rest of their lives. Not saying that is right, it's just how it is over there.

The one thing that kind of annoys me about this whole thing blowing up - if it were the father walking away from the mother and child, this wouldn't be news.  




 Not for nothing but... home invasions like that very rarely happen to your every day, law-abiding citizens. Even more rare, for it to happen TWICE, in three months, to your every day, law abiding citizens. I worked in law enforcement for a long time. Not saying it doesn't happen, but... just saying. 









 Well good... Someone else said it. 

It's good the OP is at least recognizing these feelings are a bit exaggerated. When I was reading the post I was thinking "Jesus, this is why CF people get a bad rap for being selfish."

Do you have abandonment issues in other aspects of your life or just this one? Something to think about. 

I think a lot of people on this sub get so wrapped around the axle about people not accepting their choice to be CF... Yet they don't accept other people's choice to have a family if that's what they want.  




 Yep. Long term care insurance is cheaper than having kids, and better peace of mind.  




 God, I'm sorry. I was actually thinking about that when I looked up the program earlier. I would love to volunteer but the things that I am interested in doing are things that would break my heart, too. I went to ONE volunteer meeting at the SPCA years ago and could tell immediately that I would be coming home a mess every day. I thought about volunteering in a nursing home around the corner from my house, but same thing. Just a depressing environment and so much potential for loss just around the corner.  




 Elderfriends - never heard of it but it sounds like something I might be interested in! 




 Check out r/relationships and you will see people with the same concerns and doubts, on a variety of different topics. It's not just a childfree thing.  




 Who knows if these issues stem from bad/lazy parenting or if the kid is just a bad seed? I can't imagine feeling afraid of something I brought into this world and can't get away from because I'm responsible and obligated to take care of them. Yikes.

My ex's son showed a lot of behavioral problems that no one else seemed that concerned about. At age 2 they were excused away, by age 7 the kid was being suspended for hitting and biting at school. The parents always blamed ADHD/poor impulse control. Perhaps I am just a "worst case scenario" person, but my biggest fear in that situation was it getting worse and worse and being a stepparent to some out of control kid.  









 Coworker - male, older - told me that despite what I have been telling him for years about not wanting kids, he doesn't believe me. Because... drumroll... "It's in your DNA."

I don't really get too upset about ignorant comments about not having kids because they are, well, ignorant. Sexist comments are a whole other thing. This dude also tells me I should marry a rich guy so I can quit my well-paying job and focus on my  hobbies. Mmhmm. 

 




 This is like studying logic and reason to argue with born-again Christians. Or learning to speak Arabic to argue with someone who only speaks Spanish. 

Don't waste your time even getting into conversations where you have to defend yourself. Logic and reason aren't really involved in some things, including falling in love and having children.  




 Same here. Pretty sure mine had borderline personality disorder or something along those lines. I was not a happy child. I love my grandmother and we are very close but it's clear to me that she wasn't the best mother to my mom either. If that is in me at all, no thank you. I will spare my poor unborn child that misery. 

My sister seems to be doing fine with her kids so I don't know. 

When I was dating a single dad I was watching his son as a favor one day. It was a hard day which culminated in the kid smarting off to me during bath time that evening. I lost it. I just lost it. Not like hitting or violence but I was screaming and out of control just like my mother. It scared the hell out of me. 

My ex reassured me that all parents flip out like that now and again. I don't care. It made me extremely uncomfortable. No way. 

 




 Yes, definitely. My mother acted like my sister and I were a complete burden most of the time. I'm sure I internalized that and of course it would affect how I look at kids. 

I ended up dating a single dad and both he and his ex-wife acted the same way about their kid. It was very clear that kid was an obligation and a huge burden. So that didn't help my perception either.  




 Someone commented "oh no is she sick?" Mom said "No she was tired and she doesn't like being in a shopping cart that long." Awesome 









 Ha, yeah. "Mine isn't, and neither am I." 

I'd like to wrap a rope around some of these people's necks so they can't get away and then run up to them and be all up in their face and see how THEY react. 




 We do, but it would be nice to enjoy the park.

Honestly I should just take her anyway - if something were to happen with an off-leash dog, I've been assured by Animal Control that I wouldn't be held responsible. I just get so stressed out with off-leash dogs that it isn't worth it. 




 My dog is very defensive on a leash since she was attacked by two dogs last year (requiring surgery, it was a big deal). I live close to Bryan Park and I can't take her there on a leash because of all the idiots who let their dogs run loose. I don't know how she will react to a dog now and I don't want to find out. I don't get why this doesn't occur to people who let their dogs run around and run up to other strange dogs.

It's unfortunate, because my dog has issues due to no fault of ours, but I'll look like the a**hole for taking her out in public, even on a leash, if something happens. 




 I went through this last year. You have to think about interest rates too, if they are going to be higher by the time you have that 20%. 

I put 5% down on my house and I have PMI. You can always buy something now and then aggressively pay down the principal to get rid of the PMI. With my loan, I can request it be removed when I reach 78% loan to equity value. 




 Jesus! Yeah, figured someone died there (obviously) but I figured it was just some gang thuggery. That is truly awful.  




 You'll be fine! I completely get it. I was super uncomfortable around kids when my first niece was born. It goes away. The worst thing for me was just getting over the feeling that everyone else was watching me like a hawk because my whole family knew I wasn't a kid person. 

I love my nieces but they are like any other kids... They are a bit much after awhile. Luckily you can enjoy the fun parts of kids being around, with zero responsibility. And when they get loud or annoying you can take a break. 

It's better as they get older and become more like, well, people. 

 




 In the parking lot behind Hardee's (on Broad across from Willow Lawn) there is some type of memorial with a wreath and flowers. I've seen it there for months, not sure how long it has been there total. Anyone know what it's for? There's no name or writing at all that I've seen.  




 Try the Lost and Found Dogs - Virginia group on FB.  
























 I live close to Libbie Mill which just really started developing at the end of 2014. I wonder if that's why. 




 I don't understand why people need to be stay at home parents if their children go to daycare or school. I think that's just called lazy. I love my free time, but I would go absolutely batty if I didn't have a job or volunteer work or some thing to fill my day. I get depressed even if I work from home too many days in a row. 




 I've never realized how happy peace and quiet REALLY made me until I dated my ex and had a 2-6 year old around every weekend. For that, I am eternally grateful for that relationship. If I ever feel lonely, which I don't that often anyway - I just think back to that time period. :) 




 Yeah, no kidding. If they are that awful to be around for an extended period, why have them? I get being snowed in with ANYBODY for days on end, you start to get annoyed pretty easily - but just a few hours into it? 

My ex had a kid, and visitation every single weekend. When his ex-wife had to have an extra day with the kid due to illness or snow or something, you'd think the world was ending. Keep in mind she only saw that kid maybe 30 minutes in the morning before work, and 1-2 hours after work and before bedtime, during the week. I have no idea what this woman would have done if she had stayed married and had to deal with her kid every single day. 




 Other than that it's awesome? Where do you live now? That will help a little. If you're from the sticks, there are things you might appreciate (or not appreciate) that wouldn't be a big deal if you were from NYC. 




 If I ever lose my mind and decide I want to have children, I'm just going to take a look at the Facebook posts I've seen from parents who are snowed in with their kids. I live in VA and the schools were shut down pretty much all last week and now they're shut down again today, and I'm sure tomorrow. 

All the parents I know on FB are going crazy. Hourly posts about their kids driving them nuts. Not to mention my coworkers. You can tell which men at my workplace have children, because they will go into the office in the middle of a damn hurricane before they will be stuck at home with their kids. 

Meanwhile, I'm chilling with my dog on the couch, sipping coffee, looking at the snow and enjoying the peace and quiet. Ahhhh.

 




 Willow Lawn - at least 5-6 here.  




 Bought my first house last year. I live in Henrico County in the general area of Willow Lawn. I got my 2015 tax assessment in the mail this week. It shows that in 2014 it went down 3%, and in 2015 it's going up 19%. Is this normal?? It seems like a lot. 

Could it have something to do with the sale price of my house? The previous owners purchased it in 2010 for only $5000 less than I paid in mid-2014, so I would think if the taxes were related to an increase in market value, it would have gone up before this year. 




 We had a few in the area I grew up in, in Southern Illinois. It was kind of a joke that if you wanted stale bread and borderline expired lunch meat, that's where you went. I don't know how accurate that still is, though. This was in the mid-to-late 1990s. 

I think it might be one of those places where it just depends on what you buy. I found this article online:

http://www.thefrugalgirl.com/2010/03/what-to-buy-and-not-buy-at-aldi/

 




 This is why I don't watch the local news. Go to the state police sex offender registry site and look up your house - those bastards are freaking EVERYWHERE. Either they live near you, or they work near you. Not news, except maybe to soccer moms who don't understand reality. 




 I dated a guy for a few years who had his kid EVERY weekend.

It sucked ass. For all the reasons already listed 




 Haha, true. I'm sure some people talk about it that way. #thuglife 




 It's probably a point of pride because the city was able to turn things around. I used to work in law enforcement and I see that as impressive, and something to be proud of as far as city leadership goes. I doubt they were bragging about it at the time. 




 I'm selling my much-loved Fuji X100 digital camera (retro rangefinder style). I truly love this camera and the images it produces, but ultimately I didn't use it that much after I bought a different camera.

It is in great condition with minimal cosmetic marks resulting from normal use. Nothing that affects photo quality or that you can even see without looking super closely. 

Included are the original box, charger, extra battery, lens cap, strap, CD with software, USB cable, and manual. 

This would be a great camera for someone looking to improve their photography. It's simple, it's classic, and the fixed focal length forces you to learn about composition. The shutter is silent and the camera is so low profile that people barely notice it - great for street photography. Great in low light.

More info/photos here:

http://richmond.craigslist.org/pho/4901502757.html 




 Is that supposed to actually mean "do not use gluten free" or that they ARE gluten free? 




 They use beagles for testing BECAUSE they are so docile. They just snip their vocal cords so they can't whine and howl. 

It's gross. They use them for medical testing a lot, I have no idea how dog anatomy and physiology really translates to humans, but whatever. 




 I follow the Beagle Freedom Project on FB. It's horrible what labs do to these dogs. There are videos out there showing them being outside and touching grass for the first time in their entire lives. Heartbreaking. 




 Is he trying to be funny? Because it's hilarious. At least he's enthusiastic.  









 Sent you a PM. 




 Nope, actually sent this to a friend of mine who works in Photoshop for a living... he said it looks altered.  




 So your childfree girlfriend has to deal with your kids, but you don't want to deal with any more kids? Sounds like you're getting the much better deal there! 









 One of my favorite sayings is "We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us."

Agree with the other poster who says it sounds like you are clinging hard to the identity of being CF. 

As a woman I've had doubts creep into my mind too. I get emotional or just have a weird day where I think maybe I would be okay if I had a kid. Maybe I would enjoy it. They always go away and I don't obsess about it. 

If I did wake up tomorrow and I wanted to have a kid - like for real, weighed all the options and it made sense and was doable financially - I would do it. We are allowed to change our minds. 

I understand not wanting to do something you will regret. But your OP sounded more like you just didn't want to give up the identity of being CF even IF you would be happy with kids. Just saying its up to you. We come up with all these beliefs about ourselves and what we want and sometimes we cling to them even if they are outdated or no longer useful to us. 

Do what you FEEL is right, and turn your brain off. We over think and try and use logic and reason with certain things where logic and reason don't apply. Like love. And having kids, that's love. Logic and reason are NOT a part of it. 

 




 I don't get the sentence about not wanting to be one of those people who has kids and is happy. Huh? You only get one life. Childfree is about being childfree because you WANT to be. I don't get this whole post at all.  




 Exactly. Here's what I ate for dinner, here's my workout of the day, look at my kid, and my dog (guilty), here's some clickbait BS article, men suck, women suck, dating sucks, marriage sucks, I'm lonely...  Facebook is annoying. 




 Yep. God it must be exhausting to walk around so completely offended by anything and everything. Especially kids, seeing as how they are everywhere.

It's just how our society is now. The Internet makes it so easy to go online and find people who agree with us, and validate our rage. Everybody is offended by everything these days. And god forbid you point it out either, then they get offended by THAT :)

 




 I have life insurance through work. I still need to look into long term disability (since I'm single and live alone and own a house) and long term care insurance (if I ever can't take care of myself). 




 Having worked in an office that didn't have one, and now one that does - I'll take the one that does any day. Build away, people.

The office that didn't have one - mothers had no other place to store their breast milk but the fridge we all used. 

In my current office, it is actually the "phone room" in the sense that people go in there with their cell phone if they need to have a private conversation and are too lazy to walk downstairs and outside.  
























 I'm the same way right now.... I use my zoom lens as a series of primes (instead of "zooming" in the normal sense) and 99% of what I shoot is either at the 35mm or 50mm FF equivalents (23/35 on my Fuji). From what I've read online people say you are either a 35 or a 50 shooter... but I'm really both.

I recently got rid of my X100 and bought a 27mm pancake lens which comes out to about 40.5mm in full frame terms. I think that might be about perfect for me.  




 Yeah, ten bucks says you're one of the irresponsible dog owners I'm talking about. Thanks though  




 When I had a Canon 7D, my go-to prime was the Sigma 30mm 1.4. That came out to about a 48mm field of view with the 1.6 crop. It was always on my camera. 

After having an X100 for about a year I decided to go full mirrorless and sold off all my Canon equipment for a Fuji XT-1, 18-55 zoom and the 35 1.4 (52.5mm with the crop). For some reason that 5mm difference is throwing me off. The 35 seems kind of tight a lot of the time compared to the Canon and Sigma 30, but I'm not sure if it's just from using the X100. The X100 felt too wide for me in the beginning so I didn't use it much when I first got it. Maybe my preference has changed as I adjusted to that focal length?

I have an old manual focus 50mm for when I need some extra reach/depth of field,so I'm wondering if I should even keep the 35 at this point. I don't want to be gearhead that constantly buys and sells things, but I also don't like having expensive lenses around that I don't use. 

Just curious if this has happened to anyone else. I really thought given how much I loved the 30 on my Canon, that the 35 on the Fuji would be similar. I just find myself not using it much.  




 Dumbest thing I've read today. Congrats.  




 $200. I keep my house on 62-63 when I'm awake, mid-50s when I'm asleep and used a space heater in my bedroom upstairs.

House is about 1450 square feet and built in 1948.

 




 I'm not sure why but it put my list in a huge bold font. Sorry about that. 




 After my dog got attacked last year I now carry varying degrees of protection.

1. - air horn. This is used by Petsmart in their classes to break up dog fights. It's LOUD.

2 - citronella spray. You can use pepper spray but there's a good chance it will blow back on you, unless it's foam. 

3 - old school police baton/walking stick. So I can beat the shit out of something if necessary. I had a cheap stun baton, but it broke. I liked it though, I think the sound is enough to scare the hell out of most dogs or any other animal or person.

4 - tactical knife just in case none of the above work.

A tad overboard probably - but watching my dog get taken down by two 150-pound aggressive Great Danes is not something I ever want to witness again, much less be helpless in dealing with. 

Just a thought, if you frequent dog parks it's not a bad idea to at least have #1 or #2. 




 Totally feel you here. Mine is the same way. 

Similarly, I do NOT understand why people let their children run up to my dog. My dog LOVES children and is great with them. However... the parents have no way of knowing that. Just blows my mind. I don't have kids but I would imagine if I did, I would ask some questions before letting my kid run up in some dog's face. 




 Thanks. It's really frustrating. She was great with other dogs at first but after years of issues with off leash dogs it's just too stressful for me to go to parks here in Richmond.  




 This is so stupid. I don't have kids and you know how I found out who my friends were? When something terrible happened. The worst ones are parents. They don't have time to help out a friend going through something awful because they're a parent. Yet they have no problem calling ME up when some shit goes down. After all, I have nothing else going on. /eyeroll 




 Dog parks are just horrible and a bad idea. I took my dog to one when I first got her, and quickly stopped. Sadly most dog owners are woefully ignorant about dog behavior, dominance displays, warning signs of a fight starting, etc and I don't even trust most people to control their dog when it's on a leash, much less off-leash in a dog park.

Besides, who needs an actual dog park when you can just take your dog to Bryan Park and let them off-leash to wreak havoc? Sore point with me. My dog is not good with other dogs due to being attacked several times by off-leash dogs over the years. Last year she got attacked REALLY bad. Wish I could take her out to a nice park to walk her... but I can't, because of assholes who have no respect for other people.
 




 I'm fairly certain that I read that very thing on here the other day by the way - where an actual dad said that to someone here. And I didn't say all men. But carry on.  




 Can't get through a day without offending somebody. Good grief.  




 I feel like "someday" is some magical time in the future that may never actually come. Maybe "someday" actually means "fence sitter who doesn't want to make decision." 




 I have in my profile that kids are not a goal for me and that if you want them 100% then you need to keep moving on. Also I have, that means that I don't want to date men who already have children.

I barely even look at the site anymore but it never fails when I do, I'm inundated with messages from single dads who want a childless, baggage-free woman.. And guys with no kids who "are childfree now but want them someday."

I'm glad I don't take this seriously but I guess I must in some way because this kinda stuff annoys the hell out of me. The "someday" people actually annoy me more than the single dads. I get it, they have kids and don't want any more. But what the hell is up with these "someday" people? 

I always thought men didn't really want kids but it was just like the price of marriage for them. They did it to make their wives happy not because they truly want them. Yet there seem to be a lot of guys who truly want them... "Someday." 




 I always seem to get depressed around my birthday - even back when I was a kid. It's coming up at the end of the month and I'm already feeling down, starting to withdraw, and don't want to deal with people. Of course the more I isolate myself, the worse I feel.

I wonder sometimes if this could be a conditioned response at this point (I'm in my early 30s). Or if somehow the time change and warmer weather could be involved? I so look forward to both of those, and yet find myself down when they arrive.

Or, are birthdays just depressing for some reason? 




 Somebody got a new fisheye lens. 




 Yeah, sounds like a completely different scenario 




 That's why I'm using the term here, and not to her face or my family.

I've seen kids called worse on this sub for nothing other than existing and being a child, even a nice child. 




 I think I'm going to share this on Facebook and see if my sister responds (I posted about my niece yesterday on here).  









 I just ignore her. It isn't worth the drama. Just needed to vent about it to people who understand! 




 My grandmother tells me all the time not to have children. It's hilarious. She is 100% behind my choice and said if she grew up in a different time, she would NEVER have had kids. 




 I have two nieces. The oldest is quiet, pretty chill. The youngest... to be honest I can't stand this kid.

From the time she could talk, she was the diva child. Loved pink, wanted to dress like Disney Princesses, loved having her hair and nails done, etc. That's all fine and good, but she also had an attitude to go with it. Sassy and mouthy and arrogant. 

Everyone in my family thought it was cute and encouraged it from day one.  Well, she's 9 now, and that attitude ain't cute. Never was to me, but now it's even more annoying. I don't see her but once a year since I'm not local, and even though she's my niece... I get sick of her after about five minutes. She never shuts up, and it's all about HERSELF.

 My sister gave her an old iPhone, so she can send iMessages to people. Randomly I get these selfies of her, and in all of them she has this smug, self-absorbed smirk that is the ugliest thing I've ever seen. Then she'll ask me "Don't I look pretty" and stuff like that. She's going to turn out to be a teenager and probably adult woman who looks to men for self-esteem and reassurance. She already talks now about how she's going to marry rich, and how she can do that because she's so beautiful. All she cares about and talks about is how she looks and how much better she is than everyone else.

The crazy thing is, she's a cute girl, but nowhere near as gorgeous as she thinks she is. So I don't get where this all comes from. Not to mention the arrogant attitude is ugly as hell, and she's NINE! Who the hell is this... Honey Boo Boo?

This all culminated yesterday in a text from her actually making fun of how I looked when I was a teenager. I guess they were all going through old photos, and she was texting me awful photos of me in my awkward, fat, teen years. I could really care less about that part of it, but the photos were accompanied by bitchy comments like "Hahahaha look how bad you looked" and "I'll never look like that because I'm beautiful." Good lord, get OVER yourself kid. She's 9, and pulling the mean girl act on her own aunt - what is that about? I've never been a person to call children hateful names just because they are children... but this girl is a BITCH!

It's not just me who thinks this either. My sister gave my grandmother a calendar that has a picture of the girls for each month. The other day out of nowhere - no prompting from me - my grandmother was like, "I just can't believe that youngest. Such an attitude, she thinks she is really something. They need to get that girl under control." Yep! She also made a remark about that smug smirk the girl always has on her face - apparently it was really bad in the February photo, because my grandmother said, "I was so happy to turn the calendar over to March. I couldn't stand to look at that face anymore." HA!

tl;dr My niece is 9 and I feel horrible for thinking it, but I don't like her and she's a total bitch. 




 I didn't realize she was a realtor. I read her book "Snake Hips" and her blog many many years ago, long before I lived in Richmond. Wish I had known that when I was looking last year! 




 I love dogs and that dog deserves WAY better than that.  




 It's hard to make friends in an area when you are spending your weekends in another area/with your boyfriend. I speak from experience. 

 




 6 inches! Shut it down!!! The roads all melted and look fine to me but schools are closed tomorrow too already. Enjoy it, parents.  




 I'm in Richmond.  
























 Hey all! I live in the Richmond area and I'm itching for a road trip, so I was thinking that this weekend I would just get on 81 and head down that way - Roanoke/Blacksburg/Radford. I went to Radford once years ago but really don't remember much about it. So basically, I know nothing about the area.

I'm a photographer and will be mainly using this trip to just get away and take photos of something new. I will probably be heading down Saturday morning, staying overnight and heading back Sunday night (it's a 3 hour drive).

I figured the best thing to do would be just list the things I like and see if you all have any ideas for places to go. I appreciate it!!

- rural scenes / scenic roads

- Americana, including kitschy tourist stuff, old motels, etc.

- abandoned places (saw the urban exploration thread posted on here within the last day or so, I'll check that out)

- street photography - are there any areas that would have a lot of people around on a weekend? Shopping areas other than a mall?

- I was flipping through the sub and saw someone mention a "growing hipster population" in Roanoke - is that a certain area of town?

- thrift and antique stores

- nature stuff including mountains/river are nice too but seeing as how I will only be there about two days, I don't want to be spending a lot of time hiking somewhere and back.

Thank you!!


 




 I agree with you but it's not taking a dig at everyone in that situation. Given my lack of giveashit about relationships these days, I may actually end up that way too. But this particular guy, according to my friend, is NOT content living his life alone and is NOT happy about not having children yet. That's why I made that comment. It was just funny to me that he was lamenting recently about being bad with women and then he makes those weird comments to me.  




 Nope, native English speaker... 




 No and according to my friend it's a sore subject with him that he doesn't.  




 He hasn't made a decision to be unmarried. By his own admission he is not good with women and that's why he is single. My friend even told me today that this guy has some chip on his shoulder about not having kids yet.  




 Figured you all would get a kick out of this.

There's a guy on Facebook I am friends with. I don't know him that well but we have a mutual friend who has known him for years. He is in his early 40s and never been married, and recently told me he "isn't good with women..." well, after yesterday, I learned he is 100% correct about that.

Yesterday I posted a link to some article on Facebook about famous women's response when people ask why they don't have children. I commented that Margaret Cho's comment "I ovulate sand" made me laugh out loud.

This dude sends me a PM. "Do you really ovulate sand?"

Me: No...

Him: Oh. I'm confused then for what your excuse is.

Me: Excuse for what?

Him: Preferred excuse for no babies?

Me: You're right. That's my purpose in life. I keep forgetting.

Him: Ok. I'll let your family remind you in the future.

Me: I didn't post that as an invitation for people to tell me what to do with my uteus.

Him: Alright. Sorry. Enjoy the rest of your weekend.

Um... WHAT? To me personally it's actually worse when MEN give me shit about this. Women I just write it off as ignorance, some of them desperately want babies and assume the rest of us do. Men, I take it a little more offensively. I mean, who the F*** are you? And why do you care about what I do with my freaking uterus? It isn't 1950 anymore, I don't need some man telling me what to do with my life. Good god I was LIVID.

I would NEVER send some parent, or wannabe parent, a message that says something like "What's your excuse for having children? After all, they are useless and the world is overpopulated" - even though that's how I feel about them. Because it's not my place and none of my damn business what they do with their own lives, and I'm not arrogant enough to think that my opinion matters.

The kicker came later when I asked our mutual friend what the HELL this guy's issue was. She informs me that, based on what she knows about him (which is far more than what I know), she is pretty positive he was trying to flirt with me.

Oh god. Well, major FAIL on his part. No wonder he is "bad with women" and is still unmarried in his early 40s. Jesus. What a clueless d**k. What's my EXCUSE? Like I need an excuse to not have babies. AGHH!

 




 That's like saying that I don't know how my Honda is limiting me, and I should go rent a Porsche. 



 




 Buying meat off Craiglist has about the same appeal to me as buying meat off the back of somebody's pickup truck. Just seems sketchy... 




 I hate to be snarky, but... when you can answer this question for yourself and you know exactly why your crop sensor is limiting you -  then worry about upgrades. 




 I read it as THEIR car hit the truck. I had the same question and read the article a few times trying to figure it out. but the way they phrased it sounds like their car is the one that left its lane.  




 I'm telling you how things generally are in the photography business and you clearly just want to argue about it. How about, the sky is blue? You want to argue about that or just accept how things are?

I don't know about you but it's a beautiful day here so I'm actually going to go out and use my camera, not sit on reddit arguing about business models I don't agree with.  




 Missing the point here. You're talking about OP specifically, I'm talking about why photographers IN GENERAL do not do release their RAW files and allow others to post-process them.   




 Because as someone else mentioned, you work 8-10 hours shooting a wedding, hand someone the RAW files, they HDR or over saturate the hell out of them and then they're out there with YOUR name on them.

Post -processing is part of the package/art for most of these photographers. It was the same for film, they printed them for you bc they as an artist had a certain look or feel. That's what you're paying for. 

If you just want RAW files to edit yourself, get someone to do it for free. Plenty of people out there who will do that, you just get what you pay for.  




 Gotta have Netflix binge in the background while I'm working. 

Sometimes I use the coffee table as my desk and sit on the floor.  




 That car... holy sh*t.

I didn't agree with their tactics, but good lord that car is a mangled mess. Yikes. Wonder if the driver fell asleep or what.  




 I don't know any self-respecting professional who would allow this.  




 Good luck. I just posted something the other day about these "someday" guys.

http://www.reddit.com/r/childfree/comments/2z562c/online_dating_rant_someday/

I'm almost ten years older than you and you would think men would be more certain one way or the other. Nope, not really. Plus a lot of people in my preferred range (early 30s to early 40s) have already bred.  




 Well, there's a big difference between the look of film, and the look of badly exposed film, expired film, light leaks, etc. That whole thing I don't understand at all. 




 What is so awful about VSCO? It's meant to mimic film stocks... you know, that stuff people shot with before digital. :) 




 Wow people. Mine is:

Macbook Pro, on the couch, in front of the TV. 




 I pretty much ignore people who use those kinds of hashtags. #stfu 




 Yeah, no - not for a date!

Not to mention that a lot of people don't eat that much to make the price worth it. I know I don't. 




 I shoot what I want, when I want. I don't care if other people like it. I guess I care to SOME extent because I share my stuff online, but I guess the point is, I shoot for myself. It's why, EVERY time I've done someone a favor by shooting an event, I come to the conclusion that I would never do this professionally. I don't want to shoot weddings or engagements or photos of a kid's birthday party. 

Other than that, I shoot in a documentary style. I don't like posing/staging. My processing style over time has become a lot more minimalist. I like recording every day life. I think - or, would LIKE to think - that I make something beautiful out of the mundane, or even the ugly.  




 I thought my allergies were bad when I lived in Hampton Roads - then I moved here and they got even worse. I've already started taking allergy medication - trying to get a head start.  




 Bummer. I so cherish the one-two weeks of warmer weather before my allergies start preventing me from enjoying it. 

 




 I feel like when I'm looking at a scene and then I put my camera up to my eye with the 27 on my camera, the scene is the same as it looked with my eye. With the 35 it's a tad more narrow and with the 23/x100 it's a tad wider. 

I find that very appealing for a prime. I know you get used to any focal length eventually - but it's still a novelty for me right now and kinda cool.  




 Knowing where you live would be helpful. I'm guessing you aren't in the US? 




 I've been meaning to have a "challenge" day where I stick my 18-55 zoom on 18 all day and shoot it like a prime. I find 18mm challenging (I have the XT-1 as well). I know it's not super wide, but for me it kinda is.

I didn't realize my iPhone 6 was 28mm. For some reason I thought all the iPhones were a 35mm (FF terms). 




 Fuji XT-1 + 27mm 2.8.

I had the original X100 and this setup is just ever so slightly bigger - still fits in the same case. 
























