 Thank you :-) 




 Hey r/Denver, We have moved from the UK to Aurora and I'm trying to register with a doctor in the 80015 area. The Dr that came with the best recommendation from friends doesn't have an appointment for registering until October, and as I think I may have tendonitis in my shoulder, I don't really want to wait that long to be able to see someone! Does anyone have a good Dr in this area? I need a Dr that accepts GWH-CIGNA and preferably a Family Medicine or General Medicine Dr.

Thanks in advance r/Denver :-) You guys rock! 




 Apparently there was a funnel cloud sighted to the NE but I havent heard from anyone yet who saw it. Most people just went outside on hearing the sirens as it was pretty clear here. Crazy people :-) 




 and they all went off in Aurora a couple of hours ago :-)
 




 Moved here 8 weeks ago, the lips I can cope with, but the boogers, aww man they get me every day :-(  




 MRI? 




 This. But make sure you know your left from your right - nearly got taken out yesterday by someone on a bike yelling 'on your right' and passing on my left! She did appologise though :-)
 




 Wow, 5 heart attacks since he was 37... 









 Just got back from the park with the kids, so warm out :-)
 




 Dam you! I just spat coffee on my screen. 




 Upvote for being awesome 




 I had that LP! 




 ''Also I hear orgasms can make breastmilk shoot out so I have this weird image of it hitting his face like a watergun''
It totally does. 




 Yay 303'ers :) 




 Happy Birthday! 




 Dreyers Girl Scout Cookie Limited Edition Samoas Flavour.

Oh my god.


And yes, I've only been here (in the US) three weeks :) 




 lol 




 no no no no!
 




 Nope, 13 items in unacceptable, it needs to be a nice even number. Or ending in a 5 at a push!
 









 9 month old though :(
 




 We are moving to Denver in 14 days!! 




 Seriously? You only just noticed and didn't see anything of it before?? It's been front page ALL week :S 




 The Sonic was the 1st game I ever completed on my own. Still remember sitting in my living room with my mum and dad and feeling that sense of achievement. They didn't really get it but seemed impressed that I'd kept going at something that long. 




 FFS I actually teared up a little. God damn hormones.
 




 Moving house and have just found my old Game Gear (powering up but screen not working) and also 10 old games. My dad bought these when the Game Gear 1st came out. 

I have - Sonic, Sonic 2, Columns, Echo the Dolphin, Olympic Gold, Pengo, Halley Wars, Mickey Mouse - Castle of Illusion, Super Monaco GP and Jurassic park.

Are these things collected or even wanted anymore?

Does anyone on here want them? (I am in the UK btw)

p.s I actually wanted a Game Boy but my dad was swayed by the salesman talk of the colour screen! 




 I had A Game of Thrones - "Come South with me, and I'll teach you how to laugh again," the King promised. 

Sounds promising. 




 Sadly it makes financial sense to follow my husbands work! I have gotten used to moving around, but this is one of my favorite places :) 




 Should have added that I'm moving from a quiet little village in the UK to mid-west USA. I'm gonna miss my beach! 









 Pretty much what the title says! 









 Thank you! I am swollen up one side of my face but look more like I have eaten too many chocolates! Hope you are feeling better soon :) 




 The previous time I had a tooth out it really didn't hurt at all either! I had to have surgery to get the lower one out hence all the pain (and stitches) my jaw bone hurts more than the gum if you know what I mean. Hope you heal quickly. 









 THIS. 

After losing a baby, a lot of 'well meaning' people would say unhelpful things to me such as 'ah, you'll just have to get trying for the next one' 'it's for the best' ' these things happen for a reason' 'it wasn't a baby yet anyway (seriously WTF!)' I hated these comments as my baby was already a huge part of my life and on my mind every second of every day. If you know people who may say these sorts of things, get between them and your wife and try to fend off these comments. In my very emotional state I nearly punched a friend of a friend in the face for her advice. Losing your child is an awful experience. 

Be there, listen and be open with her too. You may find she is unable to process your grief over hers which can lead to resentment between the two of you. Make sure you both have other people to open up to - yes, you as well. 

Take time to mourn and make a little box of mementos. You may not want to look at it for years, but one day you will want those memories and it would be awful not to have them. We have a small fairy/angel statue in our living room in memory of our baby. It's small and discrete but it's always there with me.

EDIT spelling 




 Me too 




 NOPE 




 TIL you can't access that page from the UK. Wierd. 




 not sure why I got a downvote here - I was being sincere! 




 Thanks for the link 









 I'm hypermobile and it's visible in most of my joints. My fingers, thumbs, knees, ankles and shoulders are the worst. I've had to have three knee ops to sort out the cartilage and if I sleep in the wrong position or overstretch for something I dislocate my shoulder out :) 









 apparently mine means 'from the monastery town'. My old surname is even more dull and means 'a long piece of land'. 




 [relevant](http://benton.spreadshirt.co.uk)  




 Ah, APC. Had this song playing as part of my wedding service. 




 I have had a few, having to report suspicion of child abuse for work, calling my dad after my Grandma died suddenly, calling my younger sister to tell her that my mum had left my dad. All left me feeling sick and shaky, still feel it when I think of it now. 




 came here to say the same (though agree with the rest that this is really not WTF after some of the things I've seen today) 




 I'm really glad you are doing better :) It is really hard when things are getting too much to get back on top of it all so well done!
I'm good thanks, get some big plans coming up but looking forward to a new challenge and a more positive time in my life!
Take care x 









 APGAR can be done visually, has been with both of mine whilst I gave them their 1st feed.  




 So rape, murder, abuse et al have disappeared? I want to live in your world. 




 and I have every sympathy for the whole family. No one should have to go through losing a loved one be it from any circumstance. But sometimes people can only see one way out regardless of medication, intervention, or even 'manning-up' as was suggested to me (and by the way I am very much a female!) There will always be a situation that pushes someone too far and takes them so far from the factual situation into the realms of the depression that they do not feel they can get out. And that in itself is depressing enough. I live everyday with the memory of coming so close and despite all the counselling, medication and CBT that I have had, there is always that little insecurity in me that says what if I go there again? Am I strong enough now? 




 http://www.health.harvard.edu/newsweek/Depression_and_pain.html

A study into the interwoven nature of pain and depression.
I am aware it is more from the pain perspective but still has some very good points. 




 Now I am a pretty nice person IRL , but you sir really piss me off.

Have you ever dealt with severe depression?
 I deal with it every day of my life.

Have you ever been suicidal?
I have, and only now can I look back and thank fuck that I could be helped.

And if you care to actually get your trolling arse off reddit and check out  some facts you will find plenty of creditable information on the physical aspects of severe depression. However, I doubt you will do this as it will take away precious time from writing ridiculously contrived replies to serious conversations.  




 Hi, its been 2 months since your post and I was wondering how you were doing?

Hope life is treating you well. 




 You clearly have no experience of depression. It IS at the worst  times the most unbearable pain and it does have excruciating physical effects. Imagine wanting to rip your own heart out to take away the sadness, anguish and pain. Now live with that every minute of every day. 




 In my experience, depression IS some crazy fucking mental illness. Try living with it for 20 years or so and see how you feel...then judge people however you want. 




 In the depths of despair you can truly believe that by killing yourself you are relieving the surviving family of the 'felt' horror of having to see you down, despondent and hopeless everyday. You truly believe in your heart that they will be better without you and they will be able to do more, and in fact be happier without the pressure of having to 'look after' or care for you. In deep depression you have no self worth, thoughts of suicide come along and all you can see is how much better everyone's life would be without you there.

You cannot judge a man unless you have truly walked in his shoes. 




 It was most certainly not spiderbro! I have a tiny spiderbro in the kitchen and have been using him to get more accustomed to arachnids. This bastard was big, mean and hairy!  




 I have never been brave enough to kill one before...and it was fricking huge! 




 Thank you kindly for that explanation! It seems a little like the job benefit system over here. If you don't have a job (choice/situation or whatever) you receive reasonably large amounts of money from the government to 'provide' a basic living allowance. A lot of people use this system to exploit loopholes to gain free childcare, tax exemption,  medical cost exemptions (dentistry and ophthalmology) and live very comfortably without working at all. My husband and I both work, but have to pay all childcare costs involved as well as medical costs and our taxes, as we do not qualify for any assistance despite the government wanting both parents working and promoting 'benefits' to encourage this.
All I can say about having a second child is that it is actually a lot easier than I expected, and when they are slightly older it is lovely to have them playing together to allow me some time to do housework!

Good luck! 









 That's fair enough, as I said I'd fully understand health implications. Even in the UK it is highly probable that a woman will have an elective c/section after a previous c/s. 
I struggle to understand the US health system and how those less advantaged are able to ensure that they have good medical advice and assistance during the antenatal and birthing period (and at other times). In the UK I have had two children, both times in hospital (inductions due to pregnancy induced medical conditions) and I couldn't imagine how we could have afforded medical care on top of the costs a baby alone brings. I hope all goes well and that your SO has a trouble free birth! 




 totally 









 OP out of interest why do you deem a Cesarian a 'regular' delivery? Obv if there are health implications I'd fully understand, but otherwise surely you'd be saving money by a standard vaginal birth?
(I'm from the UK and always suprised by the tv programs showing US hospital births - there seems to be a LOT more intervention and medical assistance than I have experienced over here. Only going by what I've seen about the US on tv though so feel free to correct me!)
 




 [unsuprisingly](http://www.google.co.uk/imgres?q=boo hl=en safe=off client=firefox-a hs=XSO sa=X rls=org.mozilla:en-US:official biw=1150 bih=665 tbm=isch prmd=imvnsb tbnid=XAhjanvqtfXwfM: imgrefurl=http://www.oocities.org/monsters_inc_fan/boopics.html docid=h1-joL2B_s1msM imgurl=http://www.oocities.org/monsters_inc_fan/boo4.jpg w=500 h=607 ei=GrKxTqSBIsLd8QOE0bm9AQ zoom=1 iact=hc vpx=98 vpy=164 dur=2369 hovh=247 hovw=204 tx=34 ty=268 sig=107193892808607956253 page=1 tbnh=145 tbnw=119 start=0 ndsp=20 ved=1t:429,r:0,s:) 




 damn cant make out the text... 









 I always loathed taking medications and am currently debating my current meds as they are making me disconnected rather than enabling me to cope. For myself it was accepting that this will get better but may never go away and recognizing that I have a chemical imbalance that requires medication (I don't make enough serotonin and therefore fall into deep depressive episodes). If I were diabetic and not making enough insulin I'm sure I wouldn't think twice about medicating. Is there really any difference? I struggled for a long time with the concept of anti-depressants and feeling a failure for having the depression. I would go on and off meds believing I was 'better'. Sure I would be for a while, but unless I stayed well away from anything disruptive to life or stressful it all came straight back.

I have just started another round of counseling for CBT to try and help out with the depression and anxiety issues I have. Not sure how it's going to go but willing to do the homework and listen to what they say.

I have often though about ending it all, but thankfully have managed to talk to someone in time. It is hard to stay positive and to deal with the good days and bad days (esp when there are usually more bad than good).

Keep talking, keep social if possible, tell the docs/psychs if the meds aren't working. 




 my baby starts school tomorrow, this post made me cry. 
























 Some by lightening, but sadly they are looking into arson for the Waldo Canyon fire. I hope they are wrong about that though. 




 Just wanted to say Thank You for what you guys do. 




 Wow, way to categorise everyone and cite an article from 2010.... 




 We love you and your firefighters. 




 Well, I'm in Colorado and trying to reach out to other CO people and the people across Reddit who have specifically asked how they can help in various subreddits. It's not my fault if, when the California and Texas fires happened, no one looked to social media to try and spread a message of help. I wasn't on Reddit back then, but if I had been and I had known a way to help, I would have posted it here. 




 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 




 Us too, we had seen it coming back from the Garden of the Gods and thought it would be great to take the kids. Good news is that they are already saying they will rebuild. Very positive people considering the circumstances. 




 This is a good point, many centres are v limited on space at the moment and are asking people to call ahead to be sure thay can store/accept the offers. 




 if you check my profile, you will see i just learned to self post. 




 Doing my best, damn wait times on posting :-)
 




 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 









 Ok, I will try that. 




 how the f* do I make a self post? :-) 




 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 









 Will do. 




 Great link :-) 




 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 









 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 




 Also http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 




 How to help...

http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 




 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 









 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/

All the official info on what is needed. 




 Denver 7   9 news websites both have lists of places you can donate to. 




 I think there are some Daddy issues here :-S 














 Haha 




 I know, I'm one of those women. 




 But that does not work with having a two and a half year old, does it? 

Edit: ok, this was bugging me but it is 'technically' possible. They youngest is 8 months, the next is 10 months older at 1.5yrs and the eldest is between 10 and 16 months older and still classed as 2 years old. This would mean the mum had fallen pregnant, at least one time, the month after giving birth, but stranger things have happened! 




 Thank you :-) 




 She only wrote the answers :-) 









 Erm, yes it was LOL. It was also the only time we did it within that window of opportunity :-) 




 Yeah, you get some pretty lousy comments from people trying in their own ways to be kind or 'helpful'. Do your best to ignore them and certainly try not to dwell on any of the 'what ifs' and 'if onlys' that will be running through your head. People panic in these situations and for the most part don't even realise how offensive they have been.

You need time to grieve, I always think of my 1st baby as the angel that allowed me to have my two children today.Y 




 Thank you. 




 I'm sorry you are going through this :-( 

I miscarried our 1st child at about 8/9 weeks. We had just told our family on Xmas Eve, everyone was so excited, 1st grandchild and everything. A few days later I had cramps and spotting, 200 miles from home, called the local doctors who told me there was nothing they could do, take some painkillers (because thats not going to matter now) and go to hospital if the bleeding is so heavy I pass out. Started bleeding heavily the next day, told everyone what was happening, felt like a failure for not being able to stay pregnant. Family were all upset, had some stupid and shitty comments along the lines of - there was probably something wrong with it (not IT, my baby). Called my own dr when I could, got some great support and advice, took about a week for the bleeding to stop.
Talked it over a lot with my husband, decided to wait a while before trying again, two months later I got pregnant on my birthday :-) She is now 5 and we also have a 2 year old :-) 

It will be rough for a while, and you will never forget it. But the pain gets easier, a little further away as time goes on. We bought a small trinket/model in memory of our baby and it sits high on a shelf in our living room, out of the way but never forgotten. 




 Sure, I have to say though that thinking seems to have altered slightly since I was working in medicine and that the egg bases will always be the 1st call of doctors due to the relative ease of production and costs.

The 1st link I have is from John Hopkins. It doesn't detail the list of alternative vaccines, it simply states that others are available for children with allergies. (As I said in my OP I seriously doubt any sane vegan parent would stop their child from recieving the vaccine regardless of it's base, a good friend of mine who is vegan has switched to being vegetarian for her pregnancy to ensure the baby is recieving all the nutrients it needs, she accepts the vegan way of life for herself but is willing to put her child first).

http://www.hopkinschildrens.org/Flu-Vaccines-Safe-for-Most-Allergic-Children.aspx

The link here, has a small paragraph indicating a limited number of yeast based vaccines
http://www.google.com/url?sa=t rct=j q=vaccine%20ingredients source=web cd=5 ved=0CHsQFjAE url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chop.edu%2Fexport%2Fdownload%2Fpdfs%2Farticles%2Fvaccine-education-center%2Fvaccine-ingredients.pdf ei=y2XeT6-gL6eU2wXQn9XhAQ usg=AFQjCNFM8W-5bm8Blsi1OYx9LbTH63Ed9A sig2=byz09DebXLtdphzL2CthYA

Sorry for the huge links, I am still getting to grips with my tablet.

On further reasearch the evidence for requiring/developing vaccines based upon alternative bases is waining due to incresed developments and reasearch into egg allergies and the benefits of administering vaccines to people with egg allergies outweighing the inherant risks. 

The scary part is how much I have seen today supporting the anti-vaccination programs. There are some very scared people out there :-S
 




 or fresian? 




 Actually, in the UK there are alternative vaccine bases for those people allergic to eggs. 
None if the vegans I know have refused their childrens vaccines because of the base though. 
I think a lot of the time vegans are demonised because of the extreme views of some.
What about all the non-vegans who refuse to vaccinate because they are 10 years behind in the news re vaccines and autism?
 




 Logged on to upvote everyone who correctly identified a TORTOISE in the image. 




 Why are people so rough on Aurora? We have been living here for three months and it is friendly, quiet and beautiful! Are there two sides/areas to Aurora? Because people always say negative things about it!

Edit- I accidentally a word. 




 I can't read it. 




 I lost it at 'cockshots / vajayjay pics' , but seriously, good luck with your new woman :-) 




 Wow, a SI_Bot fail!
 




 Why not try Denver Zoo? Im sure they would do a zookeeper for a day package! 




 That is the saddest TIL title I have seen (today)! 









 Seriously, I have just finished eating one of those :-)
 




 No, you aren't new, you're an asshole.  




 WTF did I just read? 




 Wife here - he gets a slap because my boobs are not that low down! 




 I love that color, I used to be black cherry red :) 




 This lightener was designed for red/brown hair - it was a blue based one! 




 Ooooh, purple grey....that must have been fun to get back to a 'regular' color! 




 Hahaha I was too traumatized to take pics when it happened! It was bad enough for the stylist to go 'Oh MY!!' when I took my hat off! 




 I used a lightening solution to change my hair from red/brown to light blonde. Despite following the instructions **exactly** I ended up looking like the lovechild of Lucius Malfoy and Carrot Top (yes I know they are both guys). So, what have you done to make yourselves look better that you immediately regretted? 




 huge, huge upvote for you 




 Thats true, but he has used the phrase before in school and been warned about it. My 5 year old knows that some things are not appropriate to say i.e. calling her little brother a poo head. I certainly agree that it is by no means sexual assault. 









 We've been together 12 years and my husband still does this :-) 




 Just checked the friends facebook page (Jayme Arrasmith) and it looks like she has been found safely.

Edit: changed sister to friend.
 




 Not the 1st time he has done it, nor the 1st time he has been suspended. Maybe he needs to be reminded about boundaries and acceptable speech again! Still think it is an over reaction from the school if the story is exactly as printed though. 




 Seriously? What are you, 10? 11? Mind you, you're a jerk whatever age you are if you speak to people like that. 




 And this is WTF because.........
 




 I'm doing the sponsored walk in Denver this weekend in aid of March of Dimes :) 




 It was Smokey Hill I couldn't get into :-) Thank you though! 




 The same bed?
 




 That sounds great for the kids! Thank you :-) 




 Thank you :-)
 




 Thank you :-)
 
























 Aww it looks just like my Cleo, but she is napping on the sofa downstairs. I hope his/her family are found soon. 









 Actually OP said TSA or other authority.  




 Ah, ok, then definately check out Ehlers symptoms :-) 




 Did you mean hyper/hypo mobility rather than tension then? 




 Have you ever looked into Ehlers-Danlos (Hypermobility type) syndrome? Also, quit the tobacco, quit the alcohol, quit the coffee (the migraines are probably from caffeine wthdrawl). 
Forget about your relatives issues if tests have come back clean, you are looking too much into a 'reason' and not into your own personal issues.

I suffer with constant pain in most of my joints, exhaustion, muscle weakness despite working out regularly (yes, despite the pain). I suffer from Generalised Anxiety Disorder which causes depressive episodes. I am finally in the process of being diagnosed with Ehlers-Danlos. The symptoms are varied and seem unconnected until you put them all together.

PS How do you have high and low blood pressure? 




 Stocks of silicon. 




 So true. 




 Sounds like you haven't met many nice nurses then? 




 and we have found a doctor...... 




 She is three(ish) years old and we picked her up yesterday from the shelter. She was confiscated from her previous owner. 














 Thanks! 




 We are lucky to live in the newer area of Aurora, near to Southlands Mall. We can jump on the E470 and be at Denver Zoo in 30 mins, downtown in a little more. We visit the Aurora and Cherry Creek reservoirs to walk. My eldest is at a great kindergarten and is looking forward to moving to a good school for Grade 1 next year. We live in a really nice and quiet community, kids play out on the street safely. There is a little clean and safe playpark a few minutes walk away. We are located really well for shopping! Southlands is 10 mins away at most, plus we have Sprouts and King Soopers :-) 

We have only been here 6 months, but it is easily the best place we have lived in, and we came from England!  




 I live in Aurora with my husband and two young kids, and it is lovely :)  




 Hi, do you know how she is with children? We should hear tomorrow whether we are allowed a cat in our house by our landlord (they agreed to a dog but we asked for a cat!). I am home a lot during the day, both my children love animals and have been taught to respect and be kind to all animals. They both adore cats and have been asking for a pet for a long time! 
In short, if you can wait a day or two for our landlords response, we may be able to provide a very loving home :-)
I will get back to you as soon as I can, but if you do find another home that can take her sooner, do what you need to do for your allergies! 




 Why not move out the way and ignore him?  




 I dont know why you are being downvoted, Im with you on this point. 




 Yup, married him too :-) 




 We moved to Denver six months ago from the UK. My daughter who is five and a half now has an awesome American/Cornish accent (think English country bumpkin for the Cornish!).
I don't really recognise a 'Denver' accent as such, though you sure don't say your 't's. But I do notice accents from around the US when I am out an about, and can kind of tell visitors or implants to the area. The main ones I can pick out are the Southern accents as they seem so different to what I hear day to day.
I still have a strong southern English accent (think Londoner) but I am usually confused for being Australian for some reason, we sound nothing alike! :-) 




 Pink Spring Rolls 




 I shall drag my oven up the mountain for you! :-) 









 Thank you :-) 




 I was pretty suprised when he came out with the comment and I do hope he gets a talking to from the higher-ups. It is a PG shiw with kids watching. Sure, be edgy and outlandish, but rape jokes just aren't funny to everyone. 




 Here is how to use the clove oil - note the bit about not getting it on your tongue or gum :-)

http://suite101.com/article/how-to-use-oil-of-cloves-for-toothache-a192953 




 For a start, which brand are you on? There are so many different types and brands. If you took two pills on the Saturday it could just be the extra hormones in your body giving you the symptoms. Check your pill information, and do a pregnancy test in two weeks if you have not had your period by then (assuming you have a 28 day cycle). The cramping could have been ovulating pain, some women get this mid-cycle. The timing of missing the pill and unprotected sex was most likely during your more fertile period, so if you are really concerned about the likelyhood of pregnancy, you need to ask your gyno, not reddit!  









 Feet.

Very muscular arms. 









 Yeah, because that was their first priority....... 




 It is not on their picket schedule yet... 




 His uncle has confirmed he was killed on his own fb page. My condolences to you all and his family and I hope his wife pulls through. 




 But the people who are using it do. 




 Wow, so much hate on an image.

Sometimes people feel helpless despite of giving blood, donations, whatever, and want to show support and solidarity. To let those affected know that they will not be forgotten. It happens almost everytime there is an incident or major event - one went round for the CO wildfires. If you don't like this stuff then don't comment or like it on Facebook. Don't disrespect other people for having particular feelings. 

As for you thinking it is some sort of awesome marketing ploy - yeah, that's exactly how the filmmakers want the film remembered. With sadness and mourning.

People are connecting to the tragedy because a lot of people are being affected by it. I spent the morning trying to support a friend who's daughter was missing (found safe and well at 9am).

 




 For families that had to be evacuated from the five apartment buildings in and around the suspect's apartment today, City officials are opening Aurora Central HS immediately as an evacuation center. City of Aurora has coordinated with the Red Cross to provide food, bedding, counseling, cable/movie access for families. Aurora Public School buses are available to shuttle folks back and forth from the evacuation area to/from the Aurora Central HS. 




 Thank you, I was very British and made myself a cup of tea.

I have managed to get hold of my husband and prepped him of my frame of mind for when he gets home. I could not make it out the house. I did manage to let the kids play in the back yard with their sprinklers so they had fresh air and good fun.

I have contacted a group of women I know well to let them know how I am feeling, we are good at supporting each other through hard times.

I think it has hit me very hard as I have been experiencing very bad homesickness recently and had my friends and family reminding me why this was a great opportunity and a great place to be. Now it seems spoilt and the dream life feels broken. Even as I am typing this I know deep down it is not an accurate representation, but the anxiety and issues just force the worst thoughts out.

The scariest part for me was that a local friends child was missing until 9amMT (she was found safe and well) but her mum was franticaly searching for her and trying to get any information on victims and the injured. We also have friends who work and serve at Buckley, and knowing that they may have friends missing, injured or dead was awful.

Everyone I know is just in shock and unable to understand why this happened again in Colorado.


P.s. Your chin up did raise a smile from me though :-) 




 Hmmm, that would not make me feel any safer. No offence, but as a Brit, I really do not get the US mentality that more guns = more safety.
If someone is going to shoot into a darkened room packed with people, nobody is going to be there with the skills to shoot back accurately and without injuring anyone else.  




 I'm glad he is alive to face the consequences of his actions and to, perhaps, give the victims and their families some insight in time into why he did this.
However, I am also pretty sure there will be back and forth as to his mental state and ability to stand trial and serve life for his crimes.
This will take time, a lot of time. 




 I think some have gone to friends and family, the rest are just outside the exclusion zone on the streets waiting for news. I would guess that the news channels will broadcast shelter information later this evening. 




 They have had to leave with pretty much nothing, some are still there in their pyjamas. Taking food or drink to the residents could be nice? 




 Bonfils are filled for the next week, but are asking for donations in the weeks after.
 




 Its's nothing I haven't got in my comment history talking to other people with anxiety or depression issues, but thank you for your concern :-)
 




 I have diagnosed Generalised Anxiety Disorder. I have had it since I was a child (it is believed to be an effect of Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome type III, which I am currently being tested for). I have issues with death and often will have nightmares about being chased by death and having to protect loved ones from dying.
I underwent CBT (cognitive behaviour training) when I was in the UK and up to this point I have been in a much better place, I am trying to find my CBT notes at the moment to go back over my strategies and though processes.
My feelings are basically heightened anxiety/elevated adrenaline levels, tearfullness, fear and return of mild agoraphobia.
It is hard as I have two small children who I want to take out, but I'm scared to go out 'just in case'.
I'mgoing to see if I can go to my friends house not far from here, the kids can play and she knows a bit about my issues.
Thank you for your words x 




 I feel so upset and sad for those affected and for those who have lost friends and relatives 
We moved to Aurora 5 months ago and are here for another 4 years. We came from a small town in the UK where the most exciting things that happened were when the cows escaped from a local farm.
I never expected such a horrible thing to happen here, never expected to have friends searching for their children, having my husbands co-workers missing or hurt (we don't know about any deaths yet).
I have anxiety issues already, but now I don't feel safe going out to public places, if someone can kill people in a cinema, where is safe?
How do I make myself feel safe again?
. 




 There are many dogs available for adoption in the area - try the Dumb Friends League :-)
 




 Go today, I'm sure they would take you x 




 I wouldn't like to imagine the carnage if people carrying legally tried to fight back in a dark, crowded theatre. 




 Noooo! English scones are round :-)
 




 Drowning at a lifeguard course? :-) 




 Ouch!
 




 Appologies in advance if I have used 'ironic' in the wrong context! 




 Fair enough :-) 




 Not being a douche, but only 19 of the US states require safety inspections (scroll up on the link). The info you have given is for states that do not check VIN, emissions **and** safety. 




 ohhhhhhh.... now I get it. 




 Search the treatment in Google? That will turn up the common or manufactures website which will include what the treatment is used for. 




 Well done for going down to the station. Its a shame they cant help you more but I guess they need to catch him doing it. Please, please call the police on him when you know he is out there drunk and driving. 




 Erm, same story. 




 Seriously, the roads are like rivers here in Aurora at the moment. Stay safe x 




 Report him. Or do you want to be partly responsible for something like this: 

http://m.thedenverchannel.com/w/news-local/story/66662597/ 




 Ok,

1. I was 19 when I first had sex, it was ok, I ended up married to the guy so it couldn't have been too bad!

2. I didn't have my first vaginal orgasm (and by this I assume you are not referring to clitoral orgasms) for a long time, I guess it was within the last two years and I am 32 now. Mainly because I never really looked into how to get it to happen, and I was satisfied with clitoral orgasms anyway!

3. A vaginal orgasm for me needs some preparation, and I need to actually work to have one.

4. For me, it is about preparation and positioning. I need to be really turned on and close to orgasm, then I can focus on stimulating my g-spot. On top is a great position as I can control depth and angle. Also, I need the stimulation close to the vaginal entrance so deep thrusting just doesn't do it for me! I'm not sure it was anything other than wanting to try it out and reading up on technique that did it for me. Occasionally it is easier to achieve if I am more relaxed, or really turned on!

Hope that helped answer some of your questions? 




 Why do you think they died out? :-) 




 Sadly the dinosaurs are not edible, but the kids can take them home after the party! 









 I d0 :-) 




 Because this is the site being promoted by all the local agencies and news sites in an effort to coordinate funds. Of course it is rough, do you think they have the time whilst fighting fires to make it pretty? And it directs people to the Red Cross and Salvation Army as well as other groups needing funds such as vets and sanctuaries for the animals affected. 




 Yes, Im in Aurora, with friends in CoSprings, we have offered space in our house to evacuees. 




 Actually, I did, there are two postings of my link to the resources on this thread. If you can't be bothered to scroll, here it is again... http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 




 Actually, we were sent here by my husbands work. Oh, and the last controlled burn didn't turn out so good. 




 That needs a Patrick Starfish meme :-) 




 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/

My original comment got buried :-) 




 Sorry, no idea, maybe because it is not always in use and is changed according to the information that they need to get out? I am not overly familiar with WOT though I know what it does, does it rely on uptime and issues with security, or just user responses? 




 Crazily enough, there is a firework sales tent pitched not 5 mind from my house. Idiots will be oblivious to everything saying they are banned :-( 
























 Not sure why this is in r/funny.... 




 Reeeeeeeeeepost. 




 Oral hygiene, it can save your heart! 




 Self cleaning antibacterial kitchen surfaces, robot maids/butlers, shower walls that don't get that soapy scum mould on them, microwave meals that taste like properly cooked food... 




 They would all be dead. 




 For accusing someone of giving inaccurate information, you sure didn't read the OP too well yourself. The OP is the girlfriend of the deceased and she is asking others to wear helmets to protect themselves.
Yes, the guy may have been riding badly, but I think the accusation of karma whoring is a little OTT to be honest. 




 She certainly has the superiority complex! But then again she is 6 and I think a lot if kids that age are fairly egotistical! I am going to see if I can visit with G T school and check out if they have a late application process. Thank you :-) 




 Thank you :-) 




 Would it make a difference that this is a charter school, set up with the purpose of helping these children excel? I am not worried about whether she is the shining star, a leader, or a follower, I just want her to be happy. 




 Thank you 




 Thank you for replying :-) 
Did you find it hard to socialise with your peers? What would you suggest for encouraging her to make friends of her own age? School admitted today that they bribe her to play with her peers with extra math work? :-)
(as in, she loves math so much she always wants to be doing some!)
 




 My daughter is 6 years old and will turn 7 in December. 
She is currently reading at around a high 2nd to 3rd grade level. Her math is at high 2nd grade level. Her current Kindergarten teachers have identified her as G T and suggested today that, although her allocated school for grade 1 is very good, she might be better off attending a school for G T pupils for her to achieve her maximum potential.
She has pretty much all of the characteristics of a G T child, she is obviously very bright, but she finds it hard to bond with peers, preferring to talk and work with adults. 
She completes the bare minimum of work necessary if she is not given extended guidelines to follow on quantity and quality as she 'does what the other children are capable of'. When given extended guidelines she can produce high quality work easily. 
She has little to no interest in playing with other children unless the play revolves around fact finding or discovery, e.g. she spent today playing with a group of boys finding and describing insects outdoors.
She also has all the wonderful emotional insecurities and anxieties of a young child trying to process thoughts beyond her emotional years. She has a huge fear of the unknown, and becomes very anxious when she does not know someones expectations of her. Change leaves her very insecure and I think she over analyses a lot in seemingly simple situations. 
I would hate to see her become lost in the education system, but I also worry that placing her in a G T school may ostracize her from peers in social settings. 

Do I give her a year at the public school and see how things go, or do I try to get her enrolled in the G T school?

As an aside, there are two other children in her current class that will be attending the G T school.  




 My exact thought! 




 What happened to the other thread? 




 Sjogrens syndrome? ;) 




 Actually free if it is for a child. 




 Thanks :-) I have been referred now to the National Jewish team. Hopefully one of them has some experience with EDS. I just want to get out of this bad pain cycle! 




 That's the first gif where he has actually appeared attractive to me.  









 I have emailed them to see if any of their doctors have experience with, or patients with, EDS. They look great! Thanks again! 




 Thank you :-) I will check him out! 




 I am need of a recommendation for a rhumatologist or rhumatology specialist in the Denver area. 

Preferably nearer to Aurora or Parker, but I don't mind travelling further out. 

Preferably with knowledge of Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome.

They also need to take Cigna/GWH insurance.

I hope someone out there can help!

Thanks in advance x 




 We did this and it made a HUGE difference to us opening up to each other sexually. And we have been together 13 years! 




 I love you :-)
 




 Handcuffs, lube, dildo :-) 




 I have two young children. Nothing is weird anymore. 









 Ziggler vs Jericho :-) 









 Just watched Pitch Perfect again. Sigh :-) 




 Totally hot. Going to a WWE house show in two days. Hoping to see him and a few other wrestling hotties :-) 




 It would make more sense to show the weight in grams. I guess younger children can visualize the size of a tsp better? :) 




 I am not certain, but from the amount of sugar in each bag, it would appear that they have been labelled as x number of tsp, but they have used a tbsp to measure out the sugar. I have seen this mistake before in a kindergarten class doing the same comparisons. 









 me too. I thought it was normal to wake up in pain every morning! 




 Soooo apparently I have a degree of color blindness... 




 I meant to add that the CBT course above is the one used by the NHS in Cornwall. 




 Online CBT course here -

http://www.cci.health.wa.gov.au/resources/infopax.cfm?Info_ID=46

Usually through your local NHS is a 6-8 week wait for high risk cases, slightly longer for lower risk, but it depends on where you are.

Private CBT is *very* expensive.

I hope this helps. 




 I usually win and throw the tp roll at him in consolation :-) 




 Thats not good :-( I hope you find your way back again soon xxx 




 I am between picture 6/7 at the moment.
 




 Soooo space is fruity? 




 Well done! 




 You can see if you can get it in, but there might not be room today. 




 Well done on getting out of the house! :) 




 Thank you :) 




 Thanks, I hope you manage to get even a little done :) 




 Thank you :) 




 I know what you mean! I usually am quite good with my day to day lists, but I have had 0 motivation or energy to even write them recently!
 




 Yay, scribblenaughts :)
 




 Your sister looks EXACTLY like my daughter! I did a triple-take! :-) 




 damn onions 




 Hehehe someone edited it to "...and I like pizza'. I was too slow to get a screenshot before it was changed back. 




 I tend not to go far if there is a chance of snow, but now I have put blankets, coats, gloves and hats, and some bottles of water and snack bars in the trunk :) 




 Stay safe! 




 Hehe thanks :-) 




 I am :-) 




 I have Google reviewed them. I also sent a message of thanks to their head office. 




 I certainly have! Annoyingly they were all in the car the day before, but we took them out to take my husband to the airport and I forgot to put them back in the trunk! 




 Me too! 




 Thankfully it was the battery. Apparently it had been slowly loosing fluid and then with the sudden drop in temperature it just gave out. I hope your applications go well! 




 It was the one on S Gibraltar Wy and S Himalaya. 




 I hope your leg is ok :) 




 I stupidly went out to run some quick errands today assuming the snow would fall when the forecasters predicted.

The snow hit just as my daughters gym class ended. Unperturbed I parked up at King Soopers in Centennial to do my groceries and when I came back out laden with shopping and two hungry and chilly kids, my car battery was flat. Dead. Kaput.

So, now I have a car going nowhere, no coats or blankets, and two cold and scared kids.

I tried a few friends on my mobile, but no one was in or answering their phones, then my network dropped out.

I got out of the car (in a t-shirt and jeans) and looked under the hood to see if there was anything I could do.

The guy parked in the space in front of me got out of his car to check what was up. He too had a flat battery and was waiting on a friend to come and give him a jumpstart. 

When his friend arrived, they tried to start my car first, but it was completely flat and we thought maybe the alternator was gone. They offered me a ride and a coat, but I didn't have anyway to get the car later, even if I called a tow.

I spotted an old Brakes Plus sticker on the car and called them from the superstore (they let me use their phone!) as I knew they were just across the block from where I was. The guy on the phone was very sweet and when I explained I had the kids with me and no coats etc, he offered to come over to the car park to see what he could do.
He brought his own jumpstart pack, but the car was still completely dead.

He drove us over to the garage waiting room, gave the kids candy and drinks, me coffee and obviously most important - access to the restroom! He then went back over to the car park to fit a new battery and drove my car back to me at the shop.

The people I met today were so helpful and kind, I just had to come and say Thank You Denverites for being so lovely :) 




 I had to take some painkillers and woke in the night not remembering my name, where I was or who was in bed with me. I convinced myself I was a gay man. I am a straight female and the person in bed with me was my husband. 









 NSFW, tripod and timer. 









 Great link, thanks!

The 1st advert kind of made me chuckle with all the native/transplant conversations on here :-) 




 Last few days there has been an unmarked cop car picking up speeders in Aurora. On Quincy Ave, between S Picadilly and Gun Club. Usually with a marked car a few hundred feet up the road. 




 As a UK citizen living in the US, it feels that the hype and discussion around the election involves far, far more people than those who will turn out on or before Nov 6th. So Reddit, are you going to put your voice and choice to use? If not, why? 




 Done :-) 




 Nope, but only because I was driving out to Byers for the Dirty Girl 5k Mud Run :-) 




 Aurora, Colorado :-) 
























 I am one of the people that actually enjoy going to the parties! 




 Yeah, all of the jobs around here at the moment want availability until 10pm and over the weekend. 




 They do both seem to be better companies than a LOT of the other work from home companies I have researched. 




 Thank you! 




 Why though? 




 I just wonder how the people repping at the parties manage to make money then? 




 I guess I just feel he could be a little more supportive as I gave up my career to support him in his job which involves moving every three to four years. 




 Can you say why you would side with him? (out of interest) 




 Thank you for your reply! 









 Ovarian cyst with torsion. I told the ER doc that I would rather go through natural childbirth again than have another hour of the pain. And that was after they had given me dilaudid. 




 One on my lip and one on my ear from falling into a post hole aged 18 months.
Appendectomy scar on my stomach (duh!).
Six  1 inch scars on my stomach from laparoscopic surgery to remove ovarian cysts.
Three inch scar on each of my knees as well as three  1cm scars on my left knee, and six  1cm scars on my right knee from cartilage tearing and joint clean out. 




 Sorry for the spelling :-) 




 Admittedly I have seen in the US (after living in the UK) that Drs no longer hand out antibiotics as frequently, but there is a bigger issue in the US. I refer to the simple antiseptic creams available on suoermarket shelves. In the UK you buy a simple antiseptic to treat a small wound, scrape or burn. In the US it is nearly impossibe to but such a cream that does NOT contain an antibiotic. In fact a majority of the cream available on shelves in the US contain between 3 and 4 different antibiotics. And people use these frequently when in all honesty, a simple antiseptic would work just as efficiently.  




 I didn't know.
 




 Except that they can be fined for leaving snow on pathways. 




 We have had to dig out our car a few times and we moved here 18 months ago! 




 We do (Aurora). 




 The ibuprofen (and Naproxen) works as an anti-inflammatory drug. It is not only for pain, but for reducing swelling and inflammation. Pretty important for the OP. Not all painkillers are designed to do the same job, which is why Drs often 'layer' them together.  




 OP needs to check rule #2 then :-) 




 All the hipster kids look like minors to me now. Im getting old! 




 Is that a male or female? 




 Perhaps they should try some oxy for that 'fun' high! It just makes me ache less and very tired but not able to sleep for some reason. Do check out wiki for hypermobility and hypermobility syndrome. Ask about it when you see your chiro or MD next. Although there is nothing you can really do about it, there are lots of things you can do to help it becoming a bigger problem. It is not readily picked up on in general screening, but it can have a big impact if your medical team are aware of it. Eg I had surgery two weeks ago and had to talk to the recovery team about moving me between the beds. I didn't want them pulling my arm and freaking out because they dislocated my shoulder! They were awesome and made sure everyone knew to slide me on sheets, or to support my joints realky well when moving me.

I know a few people like your brother. They feel that their past experiences mean that they have superior knowledge over others when it comes to drugs. I hope he stops being an ass and starts supporting you soon. Maybe he is jealous he cant get high anymore? :-) 




 If you didn't need them, your Dr would not be refilling your rx. So, unless you are buying them off some shady dude on a street corner, you are not doing anything wrong. 

I live with an 'invisible illness' just as you do. Admittedly, at the moment, mine is no where near as bad as yours, but I live with pain, and I know it will only get worse as I get older. 

People do not understand pain as an 'illness'. It is hard for people to see you walking around without any physical imparement, looking, as it were, 'normal'. They don't see that every step you take hurts, because you have gotten good at hiding the grimaces. You play down the pain bacause you don't want to be talking about it all the time. People don't understand the sleep deprivation from waking every hour from the pain because you have moved in your sleep into a painful position.

I completely understand your not wanting to take the narcotics, but sometimes you have to do what you have to do to get through the day.

When your chiro said you were flexible, did they check you for hypermobility? Hypermobility Syndrome is characterised by extremely lax ligaments, and could possibly go some way to explaining some of your pain (the ligaments don't hold your muscles and joints together properly causing joint and muscular pain). Just throwing that out there as something to look at!

I found pilates and yoga quite good for teaching me breathing techniques to breathe through the pain, and also for strengthening my core muscles to provide better stability for my skeleton.

Pain and depression are intrinsically linked. When I am having a bad time with my pain, the depression quickly follows. 

Sorry that there is no more that I can add. Just that I know how it can be with people judging you for taking so many drugs, without really even being in the situation to understand why.

Sorry for any typos, spelling, 10mg oxy on board tonight :-) 




 Anything involving hot oil. 




 Chill the malt loaf in the fridge, then slice gently with minimal downwards pressure. Allow to return to room temperature. Take a block of butter and cut a thin slice. Place sliced butter onto malt loaf. A block of Anchor butter cut on the smallest rectangle fits a slice of malt loaf perfectly with no need to spread. Repeat until you have eaten the entire loaf and are filled with a strange mix of fruit and self-loathing.

Edit: Oh god I miss Malt Loaf living in the US at the moment! 




 Sipping room temp water and watching The Simpsons Movie to take my mind of the sugar swirling in my stomach! 




 And it is so hard to just have one! 




 Peanut butter and white chocolate. Sooo good, but now I feel soooo sick from the sugar rush! 




 I would have, but the kids were in bed and my husband was out... What's a girl to do? :-) 









 No problem! 




 That is so cute! I wish you every success in your big move and your future together!
EDIT p.s. Moving is pretty awesome sexually - so many new places to do it! :-) 




 Thank you! :) 




 We both kind of had a 'love at first sight' thing going when we met. Thankfully we were able to spend a lot of time together, getting to know about ourselves, without the stress of being alone together as we met at university and we were part of the same social group. We started officially dating about four weeks after meeting each other. We moved in with each other after two years of dating (and basically living together anyway!), he proposed after a year of living together and we were married three years later. We decided to have a long engagement as we were not financially, or to be honest, emotionally ready to be married, and we both wanted to save to enjoy our dream day.
We did not abstain from sex early in the relationship, and really learned through each other what sex was all about! We had a lot of fun researching and trying out new things, and we still do to this day. As we have grown older, our tastes have changes and we have been able to get through this by being open and communicative with each other. 

I guess when I first met him I could see myself with him forever because of the way he made me feel about him and myself.
He was 18 and not really thinking more long term than his next dinner :) 




 Good! I hope it gets even better for you :) 




 They did several pregnancy tests and ultrasounds before the surgery. I had tubal ligation as the sterilization method.
EDIT- I forgot to mention that I was also days away from my next period, so any test would have indicated pregnancy. 




 Thank you! I hope you find that feeling again :-) 




 Thank you. One of the reasons I wanted to post this was because I rarely see comments here from 'older' people in maturing relationships. We seem to fade away into monotonous sex-once-a-week drudgery. I just wanted to share my experience with my husband, and to say that it can still be new and exciting, even after all this time :-) 




 I hope so! It really does take time and communication. If you have those, I think you can get through most things :-) 




 Lol. Thank you :-) 




 I am just glad that we have weathered the storms together so far. I couldn't imagine having this depth of relationship with anyone else! Time and communication are definately some of the biggest factors in a good sexual relationship :-) 




 Thank you :-) 




 Thank you, glad to be making people happy! :-) 




 Thank you :-) 




 Thank you! I am very lucky to have someone to put up with me! :-) 




 The fear of pregnancy really did affect my view of sex as I got older. It went from being fun and exciting, to worrying and stressful. Have you ever used a cycle calendar that estimates your most fertile dstes? I used one to work out when I was ovulating and most fertile and we avoided sex around those days (even though we were using protection). It gave me a little more confidence in not getting pregnant! 




 Thank you! I am just so amazed by how differently I feel about sex now, no more end of month panicing! 




 Not a bad thing at all if it gives you hope! Good luck for you and your SO :-) 




 For me, when I am depressed, I don't have the energy physically to 'want' sex. I feel ugly and worthless, and that anyone who wants to be near me is only doing it for their own needs, or to pity me. Obviously I know that us not true, but depression can make your mind very irrational. Try having non-sexual dates. Go back to when you would walk together just holding hands. Take away any sexual pressures, but keep intimacy through smaller gestures like a kiss on the cheek, a stroke of his back as you pass him. Little things can really go a long way. Take an evening out each week just to get out, away from everything, and enjoy each others company. If I am able to get out if my depressive 'rut' I find it easier to feel better about myself, then the sexual side if things returns pretty soon. I don't know if he would be into it, but reading erotica with a good storyline usually helps to get me in the mood! Remember it is not your fault, it is the pain in the backside depression that is altering his outlook on life. I hope you both get through this soon :-) 




 I asked my surgeon and she told me that female sterilization basically gives instant protection. There are risks involved because it is a much more invasive surgery than a vasectomy, but as I was having surgery anyway, there was no real drawback for me. I had two large cysts removed. One from each ovary. 




 Oh, the way he licks that spoon...hnnngh! 




 Oh we had our share of rough patches! Sleep deprivation and a complete and utter change to your life is never going to be easy! I am happy for you that you and your wife have made it through :-) 




 He really is! I am very lucky to have him. 




 My husband and I have always had a pretty good sexual relationship. We were both virgins when we met 14 years ago, aged 18. We started with very straightforward and 'vanilla' sex, and blossomed into being able to delve into each others desires and fantasies. We went from missionary position every time, to exploring positions, to watching porn together, to buying our first sex toys, to exploring deeper and darker fantasies as our relationship progressed and we matured sexually.

We have two young children, and it can be very hard at times to be in the mood for sex. A quickie is near impossible when you have a child that needs their butt wiping all of a sudden! We have had many night times where they have woken crying, close calls with interruptions and a couple of sleepwalking incidents that were thankfully never mentioned in the morning.

My husband has been fantastic in accepting that the birth of both my children had a huge effect on my libido (and body). He still tells me how sexy I am, and how much he wants me, even when I am bemoaning my stretch marks and drooping bosom. He held me close, never demanding, and waited an incredibly long time after both of the births for me to be ready for sexual contact of any sort again.

He has stood by me through many battles with depression, and understands that because I have to take antidepressive meds long term, I stuggle with my libido, and sometimes I just can't be in 'that mood' at all. He still sleeps patiently beside me, cuddling and loving me never pushing me for sex, never making me feel like it is nescessary to keep our relationship together. He welcomes sex when I initiate it, but always ensures that I am satisfied before satisfying himself. Even if it has been several weeks, he never rushes me or takes only for himself.

We recently made the decision that our family is complete and that he would get a vascectomy. We have always been particularly good at getting pregnant, and despite always using protection, I would always be quite stressed each month waiting for my period to turn up. We both were excited for the day we would be able to be carefree and wild, without worrying about what time of the month it was (we would 'risk' it the day after I finished my period occasionally) and whether we had any protection.

As it turned out, I had to have emergency surgery recently to remove two ovarian cysts. Whilst the surgeon was talking me through the surgery, she offered to sterilize me and I jumped at the chance. My husband looked after me through the surgery and my recovery. Obviously he was pretty made up that he didn't need his operation after all!

Now, it is 10 days post op, and we have been able to have our first ever sexual encounter where we were able to have unprotected sex in a completely relaxed manner. He was able to lay with me after, still inside me, holding each other, without me having to rush to stand up and clean up 'just in case' and without worrying about things like the condom slipping off as he lost his erection. We actually had time after the sex to just be together. I have never felt so relaxed after sex, and I am really hoping this is a new chapter in being able to be more spontanious and adventurous in our sex life. 

I guess what I am getting at in this post, is that a one night fling is exciting and thrilling, a relationship when you are young is fun and full of new experiences, sex is possible after children if you are good at taking advantage of the brief moments you have alone together, and a long term sexual partner can let you discover so many new things about yourself and your partner and can bring a whole new dimension to your relationship. After 14 years we are still finding new things to try!

I love that is am still so in love with him, and that we still have so much more that we want to explore sexually with each other. And I wanted to share that feeling :-) 




 You were still leading him on. 




 You are one horrible human being! You are leading this poor guy on and calling him creepy really is the pot calling the kettle black!  




 What is your favorite aspect of the job? 




 I know! I just saw it again, and there were actually two notes left on different days from different firefighters, both feeding the fish! 




 Saw one on the news today from a woman who was left a note to tell her that the firefighters had fed her fish :) 




 We are south of DIA, but apparently there were some storms in the area that looked nasty. 




 Cant see anything because I am sitting in my basement with the kids! Good practice for them if nothing else! 




 Ah, ok! 




 According to 9news twitter, there was a rollover crash at E470 and Pena. 




 Both me and my husband have them :-) 




 Nope! Of all the 'lady part inspections' I have had, the women have always been far more gentle than the men! 




 Very! We were both completely innocent(ish) when we met :-) 




 My husband :-) 




 He reminds me of Pierce Brosnan with those eyes. 




 As a stay at home mum, I completely agree with you. However, I also see other SAHMs who literally spend every waking moment on their feet from 6am to 10pm meeting the needs of their families. Please remember too that when you have little ones, you're NEVER alone! I often remind my husband that at least at work he can go to the restroom without either being accompanied and/or yelled questions at! And getting up in the night several times because of kids illness, nightmares, sleepwalking, falling out of bed, deciding it is time to get up etc, the next day does become pretty exhausting!

Then again, I had a day recently where both of mine were in daycare at the same time and I had a whole 6 hours to myself! That was sweeeeet! :-) 




 I don't know why, but reading that bio always makes me want to vomit. 




 I don't know why, but reading that bio always makes me want to vomit. 




 Really didn't think that one through when I wrote it :-) 

Yes, I mean good brushing and flossing to prevent heart disease! 




 That is creepy. 
























