 Schindler's List. 


10th grade; our teacher was a stubborn old ass who didn't give us the slightest fair warning, didn't even mention any permission slips. 

We all ended up in a sort of state of shock.


I was in a very, very dark place for a while after that.  




 Came here to say exactly this. People who have seen this movie share a bond, almost like being the only two people to watch a person jump off a bridge. 




 That's why i always point out what i specifically think looks good, like their hair or shirt. The "reason" for them looking good helps defeat that whole "They're just saying that because i actually look like i just got out of a windstorm after rolling around in a sewer and they pity me" thing 




 [You had a standoff with death and won](http://gph.is/Z02XO9)


Congrats man 
























 My name is Inigo Montoya.


You Killed my father.


Prepare to die. 




 Hell no it's not. Things eventually get better at some point, so knowing that helps. Thanks though 




 Back a while ago my catch phrase was always "See you on the flip-side" or "Maybe in another life." What people didn't realize was i was borderline suicidal, so those phrases had a whole deeper meaning to me. 


But things are kinda ok now. So i guess this is the flip-side.  




 Look. Buddy. I get it. Some monks up on a mountain top yelled out some crazy chants and now you're supposed to save us from the dragons. It's your destiny. But let me tell you a little secret; i've always known I would be a shop keeper. It was decided when I was very young I would run the village shop. You could say that's *my* destiny. 


Now, just because I knew my destiny, does that mean I was given all I needed scotch-free? Hell no. I had to work for it. No one taught me how to manage books, or keep inventory. I had to learn, work hard, and it's the time I spent working that made me into a great shop keeper; not the so-called "destiny" I was given. 


So listen here, buddy. I don't doubt you could be the hero. But me giving you these weapons for free? That's only gonna hurt you in the long run. The monks ain't gonna make you a hero; only you can do that through building yourself into the best possible warrior you can be. By working hard, and training. I get it, I get it. I may seem like a jerk, after all what kind of impact will having to work for four gold coins make? Well, not having to work will make you lazy. Let me tell you friend, it's a slippery slope. Soon it's four coins, then it's walking around enemies and cheating your way through dungeons, and suddenly you find yourself in front of a dragon trying to *cheat* your way out. 

So trust me, when you take the time to earn the money for this here broadsword, you aren't just buying a broadsword. You're buying character. 
























 Awesome jawline, awesome hair, adorable eyes.


 If I saw you in a coffee shop I would definitely do a double take over the top of my book :] 




 Bit late but funny story; the person taking this picture actually locked me out after this. They have a video of me screaming and pounding on the door in boots and a bikini shin-deep in snow ;-; 




 Actually there haven't been any (knock on wood...) 




 Damn. Burn.  
























 Do you think part of your problem is you have a lot of anxiety? That can definitely lead to eating disorders, when it becomes less about image an more about control. Your husband may be trying to help you actually, in his own way. When someone threatens to hurt them self, a gut response for many people is to say something like "but what about your family? Or me? You'll hurt me!" It's almost like they want to guilt them into getting better. This definitely doesn't work for everyone, and can do a lot of harm, but that could be why your husband says those things. He may see you hurting, and  is feeling helpless and desperate. 


Don't worry about how you "should" feel, life  doesn't always turn out the way we plan :] if you don't feel good, recognize that. Nothing is wrong with you, you are not alone. Plenty of people who are "supposed" to be happy are actually very sad.  The silver lining to that is you have a huge support group of people in similar positions, all ready to help you :] 




 I'm here to understand; I'm all ears. Why do you think you're so upset? 


Also, don't downgrade any of this to shit. This matters. You are sick, and that's something to take seriously. for sure. Your sickness isn't a chore, or obnoxious to anyone :) if they say it is than they have problems themselves 




 Hi. Your ex sounds troubled, and it sounds like she still is troubling you. Maybe not her in particular, but more so her rejection. Your nightmares about being beaten up sound a lot like some of mine; I used to have breakdowns before school because I was afraid of disappointing my teachers. I dealt with this by totally shutting down emotionally; sounds like you've taken the same route. 


You are human. You have been hurt. There was no damn reason for you to get hurt, but you got swiped up in what sounds like someone else's flood. You are strong. You will survive this. Don't push yourself to meet new women, that will come in time. You can't force that sort of thing.


I'm scared too, of rejection, and being too weak. Let's be scared together. You can get through this.  




 Ha! I had that same phone case until just recently :D


Naw. You're totally cute. Would date, provided you had the personality to match.  
























 Just take care of yourself, and remember this next time you see someone else who seems down. Even just a smile can pull someone out of the gutter; you can make a huge difference to someone just by doing something little :]  




 Hi. Please come over and visit us at /r/suicidewatch if you feel these thoughts are getting more persistent. We're here to support you :]


You are not weak. You are strong. You are fighting this. You've thought about suicide, and you've rejected it. You are brave, and you will beat this. You have to want to pull yourself out of this, you have to start thinking up. Start smiling, even if you aren't happy (you'll trick your brain into releasing happy hormones :D) YOU ARE WORTHY! You are human, and you were born here. You've got just as much of a right to life and happiness as everyone else. You are a strong human being. you are worth it  




 Hi. You are a teenager; by definition you are going to make mistakes. Right now, things seem pretty terrible. It sucks. You feel worthless and shitty, and like nothing is worth it.


But it is. Because your life hasn't even begun yet :] you have to keep trudging on, keep pushing yourself a little bit every day. Make it a goal to accept your mistakes and learn from them. In a little while you'll find the strength to do things you didn't realize you were capable of; maybe even ask out that girl. And I bet you'll be even more super careful now  driving after you made that mistake; that extra caution may end up saving your life one day. Then you might actually be thankful o
For cracking that bumper (kinda ridiculous how life works that way, huh?)

So keep that in mind every time you feel sucky, or down. Being a teenager is basically having depression, anxiety, and a bit of OCD all wrapped up in one several-year long party; feeling horrible is going to happen. But there is a light at the end of the tunnel. Just don't wait for it to come to you, now is the time to start working for it. You can get past this :] 




 Have you continued seeing a therapist since then? Perhaps it might be good to go talk to one, but specify you're looking to deal with the underlying issues and root of the problem, as opposed to copping mechanisms. Don't afraid to be picky if you need to find a new one; keep hunting around until you find someone easy to open up to.  
























