 Thank you very much. 




 Haha. 




 2FAFP71W23X220401 




 I already got my refund! it was approved than two days later BAM 


































 How does the maintenance records look? that is very important for a car with 100k miles! 




 I am looking to purchase this honda with 39,000 miles for about 13k the auto check looked good except it was used as rental at one point. Still the price is really good and the mileage is very low any advice ? 
























 Thanks, I was thinking that or 29th! but a second opinion helps alot! 




 Hi everyone I really need this picture to be sharpened or better quality. A small date is what I really need to know on the picture. Its very important to me. If anyone can help I will really appreciate it.

http://i60.tinypic.com/qqtuzr.png 




 Thank you very much! 




 My brother is the one gifting or transferring it to me. I purchased the car already from him. I just need to take the title to register it. I don't know whether to say it was gifted or just transfer it. Or if there is a difference. 
























 Hi there, the last drug I was doing was heroin. I was sick of being miserable and not having money and constantly having to steal and live a life in fear of being arrested. I went to alot of detoxes and rehabs and eventually I gave up trying to run I went through the steps had a year and a half sobriety than I relapsed. I realized the drug wouldn't change anything in my life. I still struggle here and there I have weeks where I feel like shit. But having a crappy day sober is way better than having any day high or drunk for me. I'm 23 and only have my family by my side and a job. I realize I have a problem and its two choices live clean and sober and try to enjoy life. Or use or drink and watch me destroy myself and take my family down while I do it. Oh and I did blow too. Honestly man it isn't easy. Read some books on addiction or living a life finding meaning it will help.  




 Your mind is still running on the fact you can use drugs and alcohol. Yes you have relapsed my friend. Go to a meeting or find a sponsor.  




 I started using drugs early when I was around 14. I am 23 years old today. I've used all sorts of drugs. I am a addict in nature. If you need to help a loved one or anything at all ask away. 




 Thank you. 
























 Whether you do or not that isn't the question. I used cocaine and was addicted for six months than I was on oxycodone and went to heroin. This stuff is no joke. If your willing to put your brother or yourselves futures at risk go ahead and keep doing it. Substances are all a lie. It took me years to finally realize that myself. Nothing wrong with having a addiction. As long as you keep it in the past and do good today. That is what matters. Try something new. I would suggest going to a meeting or getting a sponsor. I was about a year sober and I felt like I was still running I was angry at myself, selfish, and tons of self pity. Not worth the struggle. 




 15ish years Adderall, Lorazepam, Anti Deprassants

16 Drinking alcohol, with a little bit of adderall and lorazepam still in the picture.

17 Addicted to cocaine for about six months than became addicted to oxycodone

18 oxycodone harder to find, I try heroin don't like it the first two three times but with withdrawing and it cost less I kept using it

19 to 21 Heroin went up to a $200 dollar habit and one point

21 to 22 and a half I was sober

22ish I relapse and use two times

Been sober since 7/25/14

These are good estimates I made. 




 I moved to Boston from California in middle school. (Total difference culture in each city it was very hard for me to adjust at a young age) I saw my grandma in the hospital in a coma. I started getting panic attacks throughout the month and went to the doctor and I was diagnosed with ADHD, depression, anxiety. I was given adderall and anti depressants. I started abusing the adderall because the more I took the happier I felt it gave me a sense of purpose and made me feel normal. 




 Live your life being kind to others and love your family your whole world can change in a matter of minutes. 
























