 Hmm, it's not like I've never rejected guys. Most of my criteria generally involves having about the same interests/sense of humour. I'm a pretty quiet, introverted person though, so I rarely approach others and really only pick from people who approach me first.  Also, I'm not very insistent on things like being paid for -- I'd much rather either split bills or take turns paying for stuff, but that usually leads to me having to usually pay for almost everything. 




 Hahah, I will consider it. But I'm pretty sure wearing a Boba Fett helmet is not going to help me get non-geeks, as suggested. ;b

The helmet's actually a pretty common children's toy from Target. It just happens to fit me because I apparently have the same-sized head as a twelve year-old. 




 Absolutely everyone is looking out for only themselves. Give them the chance and they'll all screw you over. College kids are nothing but vultures. ): 




 I just recently turned 21. Female in college with mildly geeky interests --  decent looking in my own opinion. The majority of the guys I've dated have been around my age and have just about been all-in-all uninterested in me. As in they'll rarely want to actually go out and their idea of spending time together is coming over to my apartment and then ignoring me all night to watch gaming vlogs (I only wish I was joking). The majority of them have also been pretty much disinterested in sex, saying that it's too tiring. I've had it happen to me where one of them actually told all my friends except me that I was getting fat and that I was a complete turn-off in the hopes of getting them to make me feel bad enough to go to the gym more. Another said he was into me because he's into fat girls. Reddit, I know I am definitely not [fat](http://i.imgur.com/fz0p4.jpg), but my dating history has left me pretty self-conscious.

Why is it that I only ever meet the men that don't know how to treat a lady and that all insist on putting me down? What gives? Is this just an age thing or is there something wrong with me? 




 Not really quite sure, I guess. I mostly have problems meeting people that I genuinely really want to get to know more. That and I tend not to go easy on friends. I have a tendency of cutting people off completely as soon as they do something I find morally despicable. So I guess I've been slowly whittling down my pool of friends.

That and I mostly like to spend my time alone, something which people don't seem to understand and take offense to. 




 Hamlet! 




 Couldn't agree more. Those eyes! *swoon* 




 For Asian hair, Gatsby Moving Rubber is your friend and can easily achieve that same sort of hairstyle. (: It's very easy to use too -- just take a little bit of it and rub it between your hands until it gets warm and then scrunch your hair with your fingers. 




 You look absolutely adorable, especially in the second picture. I have to agree that you have a great smile. Your teeth look fine to me. Not ugly at all. (: 




 This definitely sounds like a great idea. I'd definitely be interested. I've always had very few close friends already (I'm a fairly introverted person and find it hard to feel close to more than a couple of people at a time). Not to mention most of my friends have been male. I've only ever had two absolute closest female best friends who both turned out to be people who lied to me and spoke so badly of me behind my back to the point that it started affecting my reputation. As a result, I've just generally been uncomfortable and distrustful around girls that I meet ever since.

But, yes, definitely interested in an opportunity to finally have down-to-earth, chill girlfriends that won't be catty and two-faced. :D 





























 I wouldn't really know what to say to help since I tend to suffer from the same type of crippling social anxiety. I try not to think about it on the grounds that there's nothing I can do about something that's already been done and that thinking about it will only do me harm. 




 On the contrary, I have a very healthy relationship with my dad. He is the reason for my introduction into geekery. When I was kid, I would stay up late with him to play Super Mario World or watch Batman movies. I don't see him very much now that I'm away from home though. 




 Somehow, this doesn't surprise me. Every time someone doesn't use their turn signal, I want to kick them in the face. Especially when it ends in me needing to slam the brakes on the highway because they think it's ideal to merge directly in front of a car without signaling. 




 Get drunk.

The sad thing is that that really is the only time when I feel like I'm not being suffocated by my own introspection. 




 "Deoxygenated blood is actually blue cause our veins are blue too."
"Aren't eggs a dairy product?"
"Can penguins fly? I mean, they have wings."

All by the same girl in my introductory logic class. And I'm going to a supposedly "good" school.

EDIT: I forgot another one from my biology course. "If saliva breaks down starch, then why is it that a fry doesn't just disappear when I lick it?" I don't know. It's a close tie for whichever one's more stupid. 




 I promise I wasn't burned in a fire. I'm definitely okay-looking.

It's not like I seek out men that ignore me. It's more like they show an interest in me and then immediately drop into "I don't care anymore" mode once I express interest back. Not really sure why that happens. 




 I gotta finance my 'Vette though. 




 More like /r/shittyadvice. I don't really get how it's the business of my friends to know what my SO thinks about my body.. \: 




 I was a little puzzled about that too. Most of the excuses would always be things like "I have a headache" or "I'm too tired" or "I'm already tired from studying for orgo/chem. Not tonight." Guess that's what happens when you go to a school where most of the students are pre-med. 
























 I'll just put it this way -- my inability to meet people has screwed me over already in non-romantic aspects of my life. So I guess at this point I'd rather change things now than realize later in life that I missed out on a lot of opportunities to meet people when I was younger. 




 Not unless you're that alien diva from Fifth Element.. 




 It's funny that you say that because I was actually considering making a full Boba Fett armor this year to anonymously creep people out on campus for Halloween. Maybe I should really do it. xD 




 I will probably try to increase my sample size. I guess this means I'll just have to be more active in approaching others then since I rarely get approached at all. 




 I will try to work on it. And I'm way far away from NYC. I'm unfortunately stuck in the South for the time being. ): 




 I don't know why this happens, because these types of people are the only ones that ever approach me. I don't really ever take initiative with asking guys out although I'll hang around them until they ask me if I'm interested. 

Other types of guys have never really approached me though and I feel extremely awkward trying to go for people outside of what I'm familiar with. Usually I'm willing to give it a try if someone approaches me and I find them interesting and physically okay-looking. But right now this is the only type that I've been with, which is making me wonder if it's to do with my age group or if I'm putting out all the wrong signs. 




 It usually takes something extraordinary for me to approach people directly. If I like someone enough, I try to approach them by giving them more opportunities to be around me. 

I've been told I give off a very intimidating aura, even though I'm really just really kind of terrified of people though. I usually can't talk very freely with people I don't really feel comfortable with yet, and that's usually misinterpreted as a sign of that I'm completely disinterested and annoyed about talking. 




 Also, I've just kind of had to accept the risk of being objectified as a fetish because of my race. It's something that is pretty much impossible to avoid in the geek community and difficult to detect immediately sometimes. 




 Well, I only had one ex that was really into anime and even studied Japanese. You'd think he would have been more into me, but he actually showed the least interest. A good summation of our relationship would be that he never saw anything wrong with playing on his DS across the table from me when we went to lunch in public, leaving me to eat by myself on the other side in silence. The sad thing is that we met through the university Pokemon League. I really tried to make that one work because we had the same interests  and he was interesting to me for almost a year.

Another had a reputation of having that kind of fetish. And then another one developed an Asian fetish after dating me. One ex that cheated on me actually said that they hoped I'd never have the self-confidence to realize that I could be doing so much better. 




 It's hard to say. Most of my relationships would start out okay enough before the amount of stuff I could forgive without thinking about it too much started piling up. I've had an ex that was generous but it seemed more like he was going through the motions of boyfriend-ness without actually being sincere about it. I've also had one that would act kindly but then would be completely stingy when it came to financial stuff (like telling me to pay for condoms out of 'sexual equality' but then would never offering to pay for my birth control).

Like I said before, I rarely approach people, so a lot of my exes were people who initially expressed interest in me and then seemed to just lapse into disinterest/coldness as soon as I reciprocated and it became a stable relationship. I don't really think I'm "crazy" either, so that might not be it. I've been snapped at for asking for sex too much. Also told to "get off" for trying to hold his hand. 
























 This one time, I was finishing my Coke at a restaurant. I pulled out the straw when I was done and saw this giant dead hairy yellow spider somehow clinging onto the tip of the other end in a way that could only mean that it had been stuck there the whole time. I had been drinking all that Coke that was washing over its dead spider carcass.
I will never drink out of a straw ever again without checking both ends. 




 I went to a French immersion middle school and we had this one particular teacher that stuck out. We called him Monsieur Sohier and he had this reputation with students for resembling something like an angry leprechaun (pointed ears, grizzled facial hair, balding). Whenever it seemed like we weren't paying enough attention, he'd actually scream at us for being horrible students until he got red in the face. And then he'd straight up throw things like chalkboard erasers or textbooks across the room, aimed at specific students whenever they talked in class. This one time, he walked up to a particularly talkative classmate and calmly pointed out this dictionary sitting on the shelf. He then stated in French something along the lines of, "If I were to hit you full-force with this dictionary, you'd probably drop dead before even knowing it."

To be honest, I'm surprised he never had an aneurysm in all his years of teaching. 




 I know some people who are very averse to sad music. I know for me, listening to extremely depressing music is a peculiar kind of catharsis. I hope you feel better soon. (: 




 Depends if you really like extremely depressing songs. I compiled the ultimate playlist of the most depressing breakup music I could find when I was going through a particularly rough one.

[lyric-heavy](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TYT8XUKO-58)

and if you're not into acoustic, [heart skipped a beat](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cHYZy8SFp54)
 




 I lost as soon as pelvic thrust guy started squeaking his way into frame. 




 [Pinkie Pie?](http://gifsoup.com/MjA3MjY2OA) 




 I'm 5'3" (actually more like 5' 2.75"). I think that's considered a pretty decent height for an Asian girl. I still wish I was taller though. It's kind of sad when I need to ask for help because I can't reach the shelves at work. 




 I spent a good portion of my high school years trying to dress like a [gothic lolita](http://lolitachan.org/scbt/src/130109239385.jpg). Nnnergh, whyyyy?

also, [slap bracelets](http://slapbraceletsonline.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/slap_bracelets_pile.jpg). 




 Agnes. I'm not quite sure if I like it or not. It makes me feel like a crotchety old lady. I've also had people mistake it for "Haggis". 




 Getting distracted by your own cleavage all the time. :D 
























 Told me when I said I was leaving that I'd never do any better than him. This after cheating and leaving me several times with different women.

It was a horrific experience for a first relationship. 




 Surgical masks are designed for the sneeze to basically flow out back through the sides. Generally, you're supposed to sneeze facing the surgical field. If you turn away, the sneeze would be directed right into it. 

Other than that, I think you'd just prepare yourself and put down those instruments before you kill someone. 




 I remember the earliest meme-ish website I remember being on was Emotion Eric. Or Hamster Dance. Oh, how far we've come. 




 French fries and mayonnaise. Nomnomnom. 




 21, 5.5

Being Chinese, I used to mess around with people in high school and tell them I had my feet bound when I was younger.
They believed me. I: 




 I went to work and brought cake for all my coworkers. And then I went out with my then-boyfriend and his best friend who had a thing for me to two mostly-dead bars. Very awkward.

The bartender did buy most of my drinks for the night though, so that was a plus. 




 Surprised [My Dick](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnzYG0ZkrXg) hasn't been posted yet. But then again, I am not a Reddit male. 




 I'm getting paid to be on Reddit right now. (: 




 I like to think that it all happens just like in [The Egg](http://galactanet.com/oneoff/theegg_mod.html). 




 Your incident really reminds me of [that Jack Nicholson scene](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wtfNE4z6a8). 
























