









 Does anyone use myfitnesspal?  I could really use some friends on there to help with encouragement.  I keep falling off the wagon and I keep telling myself I'll start tomorrow.  So I started again today.  I'm getting married March 10 and need to drop some pounds by then so I can fit into my wedding dress and look super awesome.  

My name is lefoll.
 




 I haven't ever had a desk job; I've always worked retail, food service, tutoring, or child care.  The job I start tomorrow is, from what I was told, a repetitive data entry job at a major oil/energy company.  I'll thankfully be making enough to where I can move out in a matter of months.  There are tons of pros to this other than financial, like opportunities and just experience.

I'm still freaking out.  I'm terrified I'll suck at the job.  I've got minor anxiety, which doesn't help of course.  I know asking questions is encouraged but I'm still afraid to do so.

Anyone else have a lower level desk job who has worked retail or other service jobs in the past who can send me some encouragement/advice??? 




 I'm a female and I feel females are definitely the minority on this subreddit.  At least that's what I gather from progress pics I've seen.  I mean, seeing the male progress pics is awesome, but it is encouraging to see a lady every now and then, given that weight loss for men is (or seems to be) easier and faster.  

I have just started keto myself, so no progress pics yet.  Once I get down enough for a very noticeable difference, though, I'll be plastering them everywhere. 




 I was on keto for a whole week and then last night I had a handful of chocolate covered pretzels in a moment of weakness.  That kicked me out of ketosis and I'm a little pissed.  




 Seriously.  I would slaughter a pig for a sugar cookie, and I know if I indulged, I'd go overboard.  I just entered ketosis about 8 hours ago and I don't want to kick myself out.

**Thanks for all the tips/suggestions/anecdotes!** 




 After over 2 years of engagement, I finally set my wedding date for March 10.  In the last 3 months I've let my emotions get the best of me and I've gained 20 pounds, so my dress doesn't fit anymore.  

So, the things that keep me going are:

* 
The thought of my wedding dress fitting (or better yet: having to be taken in)


* 
The effects of my PCOS and insulin resistance will have subsided.  This includes unsightly things such as random facial hair


* 
Changes in how I feel every day.  Chances are the heartburn will be reduced (according to doctor and various personal sources) and more energy.  


* 
Won't have the urge to give into emotional eating.

I would really like to hear some other motivational thoughts that kept you going through the induction/detox phase.  Maybe there are some others out there just starting out who will benefit from them too. 




 Okay, I've been really bored lately so I'm knitting a beanie that I'm going to send to someone (along with other things) for reddit secret santa.  [Here's](http://i.imgur.com/Uurhl.png) the pattern grid I made for it. 

Anyways, I got 3/4 done with the hat before I realized that the color strands were too tight.  Any tips on keeping it loose? 




 I was on Zoloft for about a year at a high dosage.  The only positive thing I could say about it was that I lost 50 lbs on it.  I stopped my habit of emotional eating.  Everything else sucked.  I became an apathetic zombie.  My sex drive was way down, and it has remained so after being off it for a month now.  

I'm now sure that I don't need an SSRI, but I do need some kind of medication.  I don't have insurance to visit my doctor, but I've been going to my GP my entire life and he'll change my prescription with a free phone or email consultation.  I've heard good things about sex drive and personality on Wellbutrin and I think an NDSI might help me a lot more.  

What side effects have you experienced on Wellbutrin?  If you have experience with both Zoloft and Wellbutrin, which do you do better on and why?  I'm aware that my brain chemistry is specific to me, but I'd like to hear personal experiences. 




 For me, I was dumbstruck when I moved to Nashville and realized how few people had ever heard of kolaches.  It was only a few days later I was told they're localized mainly to Texas. 




 Three days this week I've tried W1D1 and can't find the strength or energy to finish it.  Before this week I decided to warm up by just walking the 3 miles for 4 days in a row, but I guess it didn't help very much.

I think one problem is my breathing.  I breathe through my mouth and I don't seem to inflate my lungs enough.  Breathing through my nose makes my nose burn for days afterwards and my lungs still end up hurting.  I get about 3/4 of the way done and I end up having to skip one minute of running just to stop my excruciating chest/lung pains.

Does anyone have any advice? Any resources to send to me about running/breathing/etc...?  The posts here are very encouraging and I'm just getting really down on myself because I can't complete the first day. 




 Complete newbie here, been playing around on the training maps for a while and am almost ready to jump into server play.  Is voice chat necessary? I know many find it beneficial for coordinating tactics and strategies, but is it absolutely necessary? Will I be harassed for not using it? I'm also a girl, if it matters. 




 I've been on the career hunt for the past 3 months now.  I graduated from college in August and have had about 6 interviews so far to no avail.  

I know how important appearance is in a job interview.  I have long, healthy hair but I realize now that the length is too long to look professional in any way other than a bun.  So I'm going tonight to get a few inches chopped off, and I was wondering if you ladies had any suggestions as to how I should wear it.

I've been going with a straightened simple pony.  I have hesitations about wearing it down because I tend to play with my hair, especially when I'm nervous.  I plan on keeping it medium length at least, but other than that I'm clueless as to what to do.   




 [This](http://youtu.be/2wdw64aHYXA) is mine.  Vishnu, can those Indians dance. 




 I will preface this by saying that this question is more for the resident atheists of r/Christianity, but anyone is welcome to weigh in of course.  I am not seeking to involve myself in a back and forth discussion, I just want to hear your opinions.

Logic is not instinctual in human beings.  From personal experience, the classes that myself and many other people I know had difficulty with in university were philosophical or mathematical logic.  Acting emotionally, however, seems to be very instinctual to human beings.  My question is this:

Do you consider emotion-based belief to be incorrect and if so, why (when considering the emotional instinct we all have)?

Also, why is logic considered superior when it is also a set of rules coined by ancient philosophers? 

It might be a good thing to mention I have a degree in mathematics, so I understand why logic is important from a mathematical perspective.

Mods, I apologize if this belongs in a different subreddit.  I don't dare post it to r/atheism, and I decided against r/debatereligion because I don't plan on being very involved in this discussion.  I merely want to observe responses/opinions. 




 The past month I've been in the biggest depressive state I can remember.  My sleep schedule had been from 6am - 4pm daily, my Zoloft wasn't working, and I barely left my bed.  I wouldn't leave my apartment for days on end and when I did, it was to go get M Ms and drown my sorrows in junk food.

Two days ago I decided enough was enough.  I started taking my Adderall again, and I've gone for 3 mile walks every morning.  My sleep schedule is closer to normal now, and I have an interview today.

I hope this serves as encouragement for someone out there feeling as hopeless as I did.  Seriously, get off your ass and go for a walk, even if it's just 10 minutes.  Download a podcast (I recommend Wait Wait, Don't Tell Me, it's pretty funny) and just stroll.  It's amazing how depressing sitting in front of a computer/TV all day can be.   




 My sleep schedule is oriented in a way such that I am waking up at 4:30 am and I usually try to make it to memorial park to walk 3 miles, but I'm wary about going before sunrise.  Now that winter's coming and sunrise is getting later, though, is problematic.  I know the trail is lighted but I wanted to know if anyone has any personal experience with it being safe. 









 I just finished Dalek Invasion of Earth where Susan stays on Earth with David and it's assumed she marries him.  I've heard the general consensus is that she left to fight in the Time War when it started, but wouldn't she still have had the opportunity to have children?  It's not like the War started right away.  

Is it assumed Time Lords and humans can't procreate? 

Also, does anyone else wish more of the classic Who elements would come back to the revival? I know we've seen some things like Rassilon and the Master, and I realize it's difficult with the Time War and everything.  Oh wishful thinking. 




 I've been searching for a job for the past 4 months now.  I have a B.S. in Mathematics but no professional job experience.  If you know of any companies hiring ANYWHERE in the US, let me know please.  I need a job, and am willing to relocate if the salary is enough to cover cost of living plus student loans expenses.  I'd really appreciate it. 




 We love the show, there are so many good characters, but which one is your absolute favorite and why?

Mine would be Astrid.  She has that caring personality, she gets called hilarious names by Walter (Aspirin! Asterisk! Astro!), and she goes on supermarket runs without complaining.  She's Walter's sidekick and she's awesome. 




 I'm getting pretty tired of Moffat/writers ignoring the TARDIS translation circuit.  A few examples are: when the Doctor speaks baby, when the Doctor translates the Krafayis's last words as it's dying, the Doctor translating the alien Minotaur's final words in the God Complex... the list goes on. There should be no excuse for the TARDIS not translating this.  If the Doctor knows all these languages, the TARDIS definitely should.  The only exception should be Gallifreyan (as mentioned in this subreddit before), so that non-Time Lord TARDIS thieves wouldn't be able to pilot her.

Any other discontinuities out there that are pissing people off?  This part of DW canon that is being ignored by Moffat is unacceptable to me.  There have been dozens of other directors who have done DW just as well as Moffat, why does he get to rewrite everything? Don't even mention Big Bang 2 because that was a cheap attempt of shaking the DW etch-a-sketch. 




 I'm back on C25K.  I started in in March 2010 using the treadmill at our old apartment complex and got up to W3D1.  Then my mom left my dad, I had to move out, my dad died and I put it off.  I lost 50 pounds after my dad's passing but didn't exercise so I figured I was good to go.  Fast forward 8 months after my weight loss subsided and I've gained 15 back, so I decided to give C25K another go.  

I did W1D1 yesterday outside on a local trail.  It was hard, even though I'm 35 pounds lighter than I was before.  I had to distract myself from looking at my shadow, and I felt like I was barely moving when I was running even though I was exhausted.  But I'm excited! D2 tomorrow! doing Zumba on the days between :) 









 So I've decided to jump back on the keto bandwagon after being off for a couple years.  I've been gaining weight back and am not happy, and being insulin resistant I've found this is the way to go.  Here's my problem, though.  Over the last 6 months I've suffered from acid reflux.  I made a meatza yesterday and woke up in excruciating pain last night from it.  I'm assuming it has something to do with the pepperonis.


ANYWAYS, Could you share your favorite blander keto recipes with me? 














 Saturday's episode should be part 1 of the season finale :( Unless for some reason they forego the 2 part finale for the first time. 









 Can we add something to the sidebar of links to threads of FAQs? 

For example, I've seen[ this question](http://www.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/kj60a/to_those_of_you_who_reject_the_theory_of_evolution/) posted about 200 times since joining reddit.

Maybe I'm being nit-picky, but it seems after a while most of the regulars skip over it anyways since we've already answered it multiple times before. 














 [Beginning weight: 226.2 lbs](http://i.imgur.com/8xWIj.jpg)

[Lowest weight: 172.2 lbs](http://i.imgur.com/P4zZl.jpg)

I've gained some back (I'm at about 181 right now) and I need to get my motivation back.  Since I graduated I haven't been walking (big college campuses supplemented for exercise).  TBH I think most of the weight loss happened as a result of my father's death.  He suffered from severe anxiety and depression and that rubbed off on me.  After he passed away much of my anxiety and depression was gone, including my emotional eating habits.  While I was losing weight I was drinking Cokes (not diet) and the weight just kept falling off (it was weird).  I've fallen back into the bored eating routine again, and I think putting this up here will motivate me to get back on track.


 




 I'm a recent graduate and I've been asked about submitting to tests before I start work (non medical state).  I'm not worried about failing because I haven't smoked in a few months (bc of the job search), but once I take and pass the test will I be free and clear for the most part?  That is, do many companies have you submit to random drug tests while you're working? 




 I see people posing with penguins, sloths, koalas, and different exotic animals from time to time and as an animal lover, I was wondering how would I go about getting to do this?  I've looked into my local zoo and can't find anything, and I'd rather not be with a giant group all groping the animal at the same time (I'm selfish that way, I guess).   









 I currently live in Houston, TX but the job market here sucks balls.  So I started applying anywhere and everywhere.  I got a bite in NJ (specifically the New Brunswick area) and a preliminary offer of ~$40k/year with a promotion after 3-6 months. I know the standard of living is higher up there than down here.  Is 40 grand enough to live on decently? 

Also, if I do end up moving, what should I know beforehand? Is it reasonable to commute to NYC from New Brunswick every day via train? My fiance will be moving with me and his search area includes NYC.

Thanks, any help is much appreciated. 




 I've been on the hunt for 3 weeks now.  I know that's not as long as some people, but student loans are scheduled to be due in October and I *really* need to find a job by then.  I've tried submitting my resume to temp agencies, I've tried r/HoustonJobs, Craigslist, Indeed, Monster, CareerBuilder, CollegeGrad, RigZone, etc... but haven't found anything.  

I got some on here to look at my resume a while back and took all the advice and it's looking pretty good.  What should I be doing that I'm not? It's not practical for me to walk into a big corporation and ask for the HR manager and many companies don't list their information on the website.  Any advice? Any companies you know of to whom I should be applying?

Basic info: B.S. in Mathematics with an overall GPA of roughly 2.8.  Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite including Access and Outlook, intermediate proficiency in SAP, SPSS, MatLab, R, just learning Python, C#, and VisualBasic.

I've tried applying for careers in almost every field, mainly focusing my search to analyst positions.

Any help would be greatly appreciated and I can provide a link to my resume if requested. 




 I recently graduated from university.  I've been sending out my resumes for about 3 weeks now and yesterday I spent 4 hours sending them to temp agencies, as well as other cities.  Today I have gotten 4 phone calls from either the agencies or other cities' companies but have just let them go to voicemail and gone back to sleep.  

I need a job desperately yet I always sabotage myself.  Can anyone talk me out of it? I'm terrified of an interview, feeling I'm going to do horribly so why even bother?

Thanks. 









 Also, when I see a grackle doing a funny dance where it kicks back its wings and opens its beak and starts chasing another one around, is the grackle attempting to mate or scare off the invader? 









 I've read multiple posts saying "Put on a suit and go out and talk to someone face-to-face!"

To whom do I talk? Do I ask for the HR manager? I've been using internet job boards to no avail and tomorrow plan on getting out there but what are some things I need to know beforehand?

Edit: For clarification, I just graduated with a B.S. in Mathematics and am looking for a corporate analyst position (business, financial, risk, compensation, etc...).  I'm 24 and located in a booming business city (Houston, TX if you must know) 









 Third time posting to r/resumes. I've taken suggestions and revamped my resume to better showcase myself.  I'd love critiques.  

NOTES: 

* The actual .doc format is one page, but for some reason googledocs extended it to two.
* I didn't include my overall GPA because when my father died in the middle of the semester, the trauma of finding his body overcame my ability to finish the semester. I couldn't drop out due to financial aid, and as a result my GPA went down the toilet.

Also, along the lines of GPA, can I calculate my GPA from the credits that applied towards my degree?  That is, if I failed a class and re-took it, could I calculate it without the failed course factoring into my GPA? Or is that professionally dishonest?



[Here you go](https://docs.google.com/leaf?id=0BxjavmoMCR2qNmVmMzgxNmQtZTcwNS00ODRmLThiYmYtMjlkZDg4ZmFhMDYw hl=en_US) 




 First off, I have a couple prayer requests.  They may seem petty to some, but I'm really struggling and need some guidance.  I graduated a couple weeks ago from university after the most emotionally tumultuous  5 years of my life and I'm stuck.  I can't get a call back for an interview.  I wasn't involved in many things during university and didn't have any internships.  I have a BS in Math and I've applied to every analyst position I can find, tweaking my cover letter for every company.  My health insurance runs out September 1st and I can't afford to renew it, much less pay my bills.  I would really appreciate some prayer or suggestions for my situation.  While you're at it, please pray for those who are facing even more difficult times than I am in this broken world.

Second, I have a friend who is 8 months pregnant.  Her husband is a youth minister, she's on leave from her hourly retail position.  They have a 2 year old daughter but donated her baby clothes as she grew out of them, and they're lacking clothes/accessories for their newcomer.  If anyone could assist in this it would be greatly appreciated.  [Here's the post I put in r/babyexchange.](http://www.reddit.com/r/BabyExchange/comments/jy9ti/request_infant_clothesitems_for_a_baby_girl/)

I apologize for using r/Christianity in this way for those of you who may disagree with this post.  I just have nowhere else to turn.  After 4 weeks of pulling my hair out from rejection emails, I'm lost.  

Thanks y'all.  Love you. 




 This sub was suggested to me by r/Assistance.  I think it's such a great idea!

I have a friend who is almost 8 months along.  They have one little girl already (2 years) but they donated her baby clothes as she outgrew them.  They're not super poor, but I doubt they have enough to buy their baby a whole new wardrobe.  They haven't had a baby shower yet and I'm not sure if they even will, so I was wondering if anyone had any clothes they'd like to donate to the cause.  The husband is a church worker and the wife has been on leave from her hourly retail job for a couple months.  I'd love to surprise them with a box full of clothing and accessories for little Harper so they aren't spending their own hard-earned but limited money when she arrives.  

Someone also suggested something of a digital baby shower on r/assistance and that would be great, too, but it's not necessary.

So if anyone wants to donate clothes/accessories/money to this cause, PM me and I'll give you all the information you need/request.

I'm a long-time redditor, check me out if you so choose :)  




 Helllo my favorite subreddit! I have a friend who is about 7.5 months pregnant with a little baby girl.  They already have one little girl but gave away all of her baby clothes after she outgrew them (not smart on her part).  She and her husband don't make very much and can't afford to go out and buy brand new clothes for their newcomer, and nobody has thrown her a baby shower. 

I'd love to surprise her with a box full of clothes to choose from when little Harper arrives.  Does anyone have any they can spare? PM me for info :) 




 I don't want to have to sift through shit to find gold, so I'm asking for recommendations here.  Movies I really enjoyed include Sunshine and Event Horizon.  Someone suggested Cargo (2009 Swiss film) that I'll check out but I'd appreciate more. 




 I never understood this.  Jesus is a part of the Trinity, therefore He is God through the trinitarian relationship with God the "Father" and the Holy Spirit.  Does that make the Holy Spirit the crazy uncle of the bunch who watches us when we sleep?  To me, Jesus being the Son of God seems to imply that God the Father has supreme authority, but that's not the way the Trinity works.  They're all equally God and in sync with one another.

I'm assuming it has to do with the trinitarian relationship, but I never quite grasped this title of Son. 




 I grew up thinking agnostic was a viewpoint similar to atheism, where someone just doesn't know or care if there is a God or not.  After coming to reddit, however, I've learned the true definition of this classification.  Here are the definitions of gnostic and agnostic, respectively: 

* **gnostic** Adjective: Of or relating to knowledge, esp. esoteric mystical knowledge.
* **agnostic** Adjective: asserting the uncertainty of all claims to knowledge.

Online dictionaries tell me that I was partially correct in my original thinking, but I prefer this definition to associate with my faith.  I have never had a "supernatural" experience of God outside feelings, coincidences, and situations.  I have no absolute certainty that God exists.

I'd really like to hear others' views on this and to which you ascribe and why.  




 Let me preface this question by giving some insight into my family history.

* **My mother's side of my family**: Her father, and all the men on his side of the family end up dying of cancer by the time they're 60, with the exception of my great-uncle.  My mother says he's "pickled" because he was an alcoholic his entire life and lived to be 79.  I doubt that, but it's not really relevant to my question.  The women on her father's side live to be 85 or older, as do the women on her mother's side.  There have hardly been any men on her mother's side of the family, and those that I do know of have had similar fates to her father's side (dying of something by the time they're 60 - 65)

* **My father's side of the family** is basically the same, with the men dying of heart disease or cancer by the time they're 65 (my father died last year at 60 from hypertensive cardiovascular disease). My grandmother on this side lived to be 90, her sister to 94, and their mother to 90.


So my question is this:

* Can susceptibility cancer and disease be genetically gender-specific? That is, since I'm a female do I have a higher chance of living longer than if I was a male?

 









 I'd just like some opinions on the matter.  I know for women, the hormones and everything involved with pregnancy is a way of bonding with the child.  I actively want kids, my fiance doesn't at the moment but is willing to have them for me.  He says he's sure he'll love them more than he can imagine now.

Fathers, would you be willing to share your experiences and maybe a story about your child(ren) that just makes your heart explode from love (if applicable)?   

 




 I'll just list my skills and qualifications.  I've been applying to analyst positions but can't get a call for an interview and I've been taking r/resume 's advice on everything regarding my resume.

**Previous work experience:**

* server (waitress) - 5 years on and off
* tutor - 1.5 years
* teaching assistant - 1 year
* day camp counselor - 3 summers



**Education:**

* B.S. in Mathematics
* Undergraduate research: Epidemiological Model of Cholera in Haiti
* Majored in Mechanical Engineering for a year and a half at the beginning of my college career


**Computer skills:
**

* *expert experience*: Office including Excel, AutoCAD 2D, Inventor
* *moderate experience*: MatLab, SPSS, Access, Pascal, R
* *some basic experience*: mySQL, VisualBasic for Applications




Can anyone PLEASE help me figure out what it is I can do or what I should be applying for?  




 Is anyone else better at google-fu or ravelry-fu than me that can provide one? 









 [A while back](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/itd82/is_there_a_commercial_that_you_hate_so_much_that/) there was a thread about which commercial got on your nerves, with Arby's Good Mood Food being in the lead. 

Now, which is your favorite?

Mine would be the Geico commercial where [the couple teaches their five year old how to dunk.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xbn-GQXYzWg) Scholarship! 




 Inspired by [the poor guy who hasn't pooped since July 29th](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/jo5at/iama_guy_that_hasnt_pooped_in_the_month_of_august/).

Someone suggested a saline laxative (salt and warm water, chug) and someone else recommended using salt that isn't iodized, as the iodization will make it ineffective.

Is this true, and if so, why does the iodization make a difference? 




 I will be offering Mexican, American, or Texan snacks requested in return to whosoever fulfills my request! 

Number one desire is ketchup flavor! 



















 Okay, I already posted my resume on r/resumes, but that subreddit isn't very active.  Would someone on here be willing to look over my resume and give me some protips? I finally graduated and now am just looking for a career, but I've only gotten emails that include "regret to inform you."  

[Here's the link](https://docs.google.com/viewer?a=v pid=explorer chrome=true srcid=0BxjavmoMCR2qOWM1NGZhMzAtOTFmMi00NzJjLWJkYTEtNmJkNDAxZjc1M2Qz hl=en_US) to my resume on googledocs.  I've spent the last week and a half applying to over 50 positions.

If my cover letter sucks I'm also willing to pay someone $30 to write me a new one :D

**EDIT** You guys are amazing! Thanks for all of the advice, I'll spend the rest of the day perfecting my actual resume and I'll work on my career specific cover letters.

 














 Resume available upon request. 




 I am very particular about my Coca Cola.  I will not buy 2L bottles of it because any time after the first opening it loses its carbonation. I will only drink fountain Coke if it has enough fizz (McDonald's is my go-to for fountain Coke), and I will buy Mexican Coke a couple times a week (nectar of the gods).    




 I'm a recent mathematics graduate, but I'm finding the jobs I have the best shot at have to do with programming of some sort, or with data analysis (SQL, Access, Oracle).

I bought a book on VisualBasic and Access 2007 but I want to teach myself a programming language.  Which one is the best for self-teaching for a career? I took *one* class in undergrad, and they'd teach Pascal or Fortran depending on which semester taken.  I unfortunately took the Pascal semester, which I didn't do too well in and have also heard that Pascal isn't even used for anything anymore.  I've heard C, C++, or Java are the way to go, but I'd like some more experienced opinions.

Thanks! 









 The 5 years I spent in college taking my undergrad were emotional hell, so I didn't have the emotional capacity to apply for internships or take initiative in building up my networks/connections. 

I'm going to a career fair hosted by my school next week, but my resume looks so lame.  I've put all the job experience I've had, the computer programs I can use, but with a bachelors in maths with no minor (one research project and a few good references), I'm absolutely terrified and discouraged to even send in my resume to businesses focused in the financial sector.  Ultimately I'd like to be an actuary, and there are a few internship opportunities for which I'd be willing to apply.  

Any advice? So far I've used a resume template that makes it stick out from the standard word-processor resumes.  What computer programs are invaluable to know for business related careers?  









 Tomorrow (8/2) marks one year anniversary of my dad's death.  My dad caused a lot of stress on our family by losing his business and then basically giving up on life, causing my mother to become physically ill every day (vomiting from financial stress). My fiance and I were the ones to discover his body and I'm still not finished grieving.  I went to therapy to deal with the trauma of finding him, but grief has its own way of doing things.  

I've been having a rough past couple of days, and I can tell tomorrow's going to be even worse.  My mother grieved the loss of my father while he was still alive, so she's been able to move on with minimal grief.  I however am still grieving and am basically all alone in this. It's also my last week of college and so I've got the stress of studying for an advanced mathematics final to add on top of everything else.

I'm taking the next few days off from reddit in an attempt to get my emotions straightened out and could really do with some encouraging words or prayers.  

Thanks, y'all. 




 My car isn't in the greatest condition, but I had it checked out by my fiance's dad (who owns a used auto parts place) and he said it will pass inspection.  Last time I got it inspected I got screwed out of $200 for unnecessary "repairs" (which I was told later were completely unnecessary for passing inspection).  I'm a female and so I've heard nightmare-worthy stories about women getting cars inspected and being taken advantage of.

Anyone on here have suggestions on a place that will just look at my car and pass it without offering five extra things it "needs to have done?"  I don't have the patience or money to deal with this and would rather avoid the BS altogether. 

Any suggestions would be much appreciated!  




 More times than not I see the verses quoted in KJV are misunderstood by those quoting it.

Edit: I was misinformed, thanks to mypetition and CanadianGal25 for clearing this up.  I probably should have noted that the only information I have on the translation is what I heard in passing in a religious studies course.

Edit 2: When I said in my first draft that KJV was a flawed text, EarBucket summed up what I meant with the KJV's source being the TR:

The Textus Receptus has over six thousand variants from the earliest Greek texts. It contains portions that were translated back into Greek from the Vulgate because they didn't have Greek texts available. Most scholars today don't give priority to the TR. 




 Passage for context: [Matthew 18:15-20](http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%2018:15-20 version=ESV)

What does it mean to you and how does it relate to the epistles and the modern church? 




 The deterioration of his mental health after losing his job caused so much stress on my family.  He refused to take heart medicine after he lost the business, and the final years of his life he was basically waiting around to die.  He was working a menial contract delivery job, and used the money he earned to give me spending money, buy cigarettes, and buy junk food.  

I still miss him, though, even though his poor financial choices almost broke our family.  He was the goofiest person alive and knew how to make me smile when I was stressed from school or my job.  

He passed away 8/2/2010.  I saw him July 30, 2010 for the last time.  We went to pick him up to drive him up to KC, MO from Texas for my sister's wedding.  When we got there he said he couldn't go.  I was furious, I thought it was from his mental instability and anxiety associated with long-distance travel.  I walked out of the apartment while my fiance talked to him, but something inside me told me to go back and tell him how much I love him and hug him

Looking back, he must have known.  That was the last time I saw my father was the first time I saw him cry.  The entire time we were in KC, my fiance and I had the feeling we'd come back to find him dead, but not from heart attack.  We thought he would kill himself.  When we got back to the apartment on 8/2, I conveniently went to check the mail while my fiance went to check on my dad.  As I was walking up to our building, my fiance comes rushing out, phone in hand, giving me the "STOP RIGHT THERE" hand sign and look on his face.  It was the longest night of my life, and I was still convinced it was suicide.  It wasn't until I got the death certificate a few weeks later that "atherosclerotic and hypertensive cardiovascular disease" became the most relieving words I had ever read.

I'm miserable today.  I'm having fits of sobbing, stuffing my face with junk food.

[I miss my daddy.](http://i.imgur.com/WuzhC.jpg) 




 I'm well aware of GraphicRiver, but I was hoping to start on my resume today.  I can't buy any on GR until a deposit to PayPal has gone through and I'm itching to get it done.  

If I have to wait I will, but [this](http://graphicriver.net/item/-3piece-swiss-style-resume-set/155832) and [this](http://graphicriver.net/item/get-minimal-resume-02/129773) are just so wonderful and I was hoping someone on here had another website resource to use that doesn't require a paypal-type transaction to purchase.  I'm one of those people who gets in the mood to do things and I get so frustrated when I hit a snag.

I'm also not proficient in InDesign enough to make my own, especially not that high caliber material.

Danke! 









 Any tips available on finding limits of matrices? I can work out markov chain problems fine until they ask for the eventual proportions, in which case I have a more difficult time.  Should I just work out the problem up until (A^5 )x and guesstimate from there?  




 I wrote to you in my letter not to associate with sexually immoral people— not at all meaning the people of this world who are immoral, or the greedy and swindlers, or idolaters. In that case you would have to leave this world. But now I am writing to you that you must not associate with anyone who claims to be a brother or sister but is sexually immoral or greedy, an idolater or slanderer, a drunkard or swindler. Do not even eat with such people.

*What business is it of mine to judge those outside the church? Are you not to judge those inside?* God will judge those outside. “Expel the wicked person from among you.”

1 Cor 5:9-13

This chapter is the reason Christians like myself choose not to associate ourselves with hate-mongering groups such as the Westboro Baptist Church, who claim to be our "brothers and sisters" but their platform is one of slander and hatred towards those outside the church.

I think Paul got it right: we have enough crap to deal with inside the church body to start judging and enforcing our beliefs on those outside.  

 




 Introducing myself!

23 year old female from Texas.  Raised in the Southern Baptist church, now engaged to an LCMS Lutheran.  Fiance is planning to go to seminary at some point and is currently looking for a youth ministry job. He's been a great source of theological discussion and leadership for me and, while I don't understand some Lutheran things, I agree with everything so far (after 3 years together).

I hope this group will gain in membership and submissions.  Looking forward to it!

 




 My college career has been one of misery to say the least.  My family is in a large amount of debt, but makes enough to bypass the EFC limit for grants on the FAFSA.  My dad lost his business right before I started in 2006 and he passed away unexpectedly last August.  I have changed majors twice, colleges three times, and failed classes due to a drug problem and depression.

Today I took my last CLEP test and passed, meaning that assuming I pass my current summer school course, I wil be graduating in August.  This is also assuming financial aid goes through for the summer, but if it doesn't we should have a way of paying through my mom's or grandmother's credit union.

I am beyond excited to pick up my cap and gown, and now that I'm graduating, I am one step closer to marrying the love of my life.  We've been engaged for 2 years but we know well enough to wait until after we've graduated and have careers to tie the knot.  

I'M GRADUATING!  I've been doing a happy dance for the last 30 minutes since getting home from the test.  Just had to share :))))) 




 [Here's the post in reference
](http://blog.chron.com/newswatch/2011/07/ktrk-video-hpd-officer-apparently-punches-handcuffed-suspect/)

I've started taking it upon myself to communicate my feelings on Houston policy with the mayor via her email mayor@houstontx.gov.  Today I got a letter back consisting of just two sentences that satisfied me:

Thank you for sharing your concerns regarding Houston Police Department 
officers with me.  The officer referenced in the news article has been relieved of 
duty, and an investigation has been instigated. 

[Here's a copy](http://www.scribd.com/doc/60285980/Re-HPD-Officer-Punches-Suspect-07-18-11) of the letter emailed to me.

Annise, you're alright with me! 














 I suck at these, especially in the complex field.  This one's thankfully a real one but I'm having some trouble.  

Let A, B be 2x2 matrices with real entries st lim A^m, lim B^m, and lim (AB)^m exist as m -- inf, but Lim (AB)^m != (lim A^m)(lim B^m). Find A   B.  

I'm assuming there's no one correct answer.   














 I know this sub probably gets this asked all the time, but do I have a shot in the actuarial field? I've been taking 18+ hours a semester trying to finish my BS in maths.  I have excellent references from professors and past employers, but no internships or relevant financial experience. I'm studying this summer for the first exam and plan on taking it as soon as I can after I graduate in August.  I live in Houston, so there are many actuarial opportunities as it is a large corporate hub.  I have good resume boosters like volunteer work and tutoring, but nothing spectacular.

Help me, actuaries.  Do I have a decent shot at getting a job in the first 6 months after graduation? 




 Female, semi-attractive, graduating in a month from tier one research university with Bachelor's of Science degree in Mathematics.  Live in a very large metropolitan area with a major corporate presence (rated as a global city)

Is there hope for me finding a job outside of IT or CompSci? All of these unemployment threads are freaking me out. I'm good at going into interviews thinking I'm the shit, but will I even get that opportunity? 














 I grew up in a Southern Baptist church, where all I ever heard in youth group was 

Don't have sex, because you will get pregnant and die. Don't have sex in the missionary position, don't have sex standing up... Just... dont' do it, okay?

As you can probably guess, that had a significant impact on my own sexuality.  I never explored my body; rather, I was ashamed of it.  Though I'm still a Christian I wholeheartedly disagree with that approach to it, as it usually results in rebellion or shame (at least in my youth group it did). Thankfully my fiance encouraged me to have discussions about our sexual life, and he eventually gave me this book that we could read together and since then my attitude about sex and my own sexuality have greatly improved.

If you or your SO aren't comfortable with your sexuality because of what you've been taught at church or from your parents, please pick up this book: [Sheet Music by Kevin Lehman](http://www.amazon.com/Sheet-Music-Uncovering-Intimacy-Marriage/dp/0842360247).  It's a very frank book about sexual intimacy in a Christian marriage and the misconceptions the church places on its young people.  It deals with all kinds of relationships, too: two virgins raised in the faith, more experienced individuals, sufferers of sexual abuse, etc... The only poor reviews are ultra feminists claiming it to be misogynistic (it isn't) or ultra conservatives claiming it to be smut (again, it isn't).

[Here's an excerpt](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-FArUKp-O6Sw/ThH_Gz1NCbI/AAAAAAAAAHE/osPCM3a_Suc/s1600/SheetMusicExcerpt.jpg).

Also, feel free to share any opinions or stories of growing up in the church and its affect on your sexuality.   




 So we were moffucked again a few days ago when Moffat said we still know nothing about River. What if her entire persona around the Doctor is an act, as she had been trained to do by those who raised her? What if she is really the bad guy in all of this? Is that even a possibility?

Also, I'm starting to think River and 11 aren't very romantically involved. I'm thinking the Stevie Wonder and Singing Towers Doctor is a future incarnation, especially since the screwdriver he gave River (for the Library) is not 11's screwdriver. She says it's his screwdriver (as opposed to a screwdriver), and 10's was destroyed in the Eleventh Hour.

Am I thinking too much? This break is destroying me. Thank heavens for Torchwood tonight. 




 I have a friend who is pregnant.  A couple months ago, they found out the baby wasn't developing properly.  Its organs are outside of its body, and its face is very disfigured.  The family of the girl are very pro-life and have had a difficult time finding a doctor that didn't want to abort the baby.  They found one, and they are testing to see if its a chromosomal abnormality.  If it is, they'll make the baby as comfortable as possible and let it pass once it's born.  If not, the doctors can do something about it (I'm not sure how but they say they can).

Now, I'm pro-life except in extreme cases where the mother is in danger, but now I'm thinking I'd be okay with an abortion in this situation.  I believe babies who die go to heaven.  I'd just like some input for the future, as this family has already made their choice in the matter. Extreme complications in pregnancy could happen to anyone, and just in case it happens to me at some point, I'd like to have opinions from well-rounded Christians such as you guys. 



















 I've seen many posts recently asking why certain actions are sin, mostly relating to homosexuality.  I need analysis of something I was taught by a theologically well-rounded Reverend (meaning, he has a Masters of Divinity).

He first referred me to Romans 6:23

For the wages of sin is **death** but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord

The reason he emphasized death, is that it refers us to the actions listed in the OT that are sinful.  That is, if an action's consequence is death in the OT, it's considered sinful post-resurrection.  He also told me I had to take into account the role of women in those times, and we had to alter it to fit the current worldview.  Women in the Torah were treated as submissives to men, not because the Torah commanded it, but because the role of women in those days was extremely submissive.  

For example, there's the following:

Rape of someone who is engaged. If she is not engaged you only have to marry her and give her father 50 shekels. No mention is made of the girl’s opinion. (Deut 22:25)

We're all aware of the dowry system of marriage, where a father basically "sells" his daughter to the best man who comes along.  The selling of a high price assured that the daughter would be going to a home worthy enough for her, by her father's opinion. 

I did some research and came across [this](http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Actions_which_demand_the_death_penalty_in_the_Old_Testament) article. I personally don't perceive banishment to be the same as death, and I don't think Jesus nor Paul did either.  Jesus encouraged people to give up everything and follow him, which in Jewish law would be abandoning ones family or banishing themselves. 

Anyways, this entire rambling is just to ask others' opinions about the reasoning this Reverend gave me.  

As for premarital sex and sexual promiscuity, I recently read a comment that explained very well the benefits of [waiting until marriage](http://www.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/i31yo/any_redditors_who_waited_until_marriage_to_have/c20jv10)

TL;DR: Reverend answered a question I had about what constitutes sin, would appreciate feedback.  His reasoning: if the consequence was death in the Torah, it's a sin now.
 





























 I really appreciated Elisabeth Sladen and SJS, but it's been half a season since she passed.  Can we update it with something relevant to this series now? Perhaps River? Or EPL? 




 i hope this isn't considered spam. i just want to help someone else out since I can't use it. if you take heart meds or antidepressants, you should disregard.

[healthy trim](http://www.healthytrim.com/htlanding.asp)

This stuff is promoted on a local radio show and one day I gave in and bought a bottle.  However, after receiving it, I decided against taking it.  One of the warnings regards antidepressants, which I take.  So, would anybody like to take it off my hands? It's been sitting in a drawer of mine for 6 months and I feel like someone else could benefit from it.  

[pic of me with it](http://i.imgur.com/sADd4.jpg)

the seal is unbroken, hence why i don't open it and show the contents.   



















 Forest of the Dead:

[River: Anita, if he dies, I'll kill him!](/spoiler)

W. T. F.

fixed with the spoiler. 




 The doctor saw a silent in his TARDIS before and after asking rory about why amy   river are cross.  That's something I didn't notice before.  But my question is this:

why was the doctor an idiot at flying the TARDIS on his way to the oval office? River corrected him a few times (scanner, invisibility, silencing the engines) and it doesn't make sense.  it's just a random thing that occurs.... which is why i think it's important.  

Something about this is screaming TARDIS but I can't figure it out.  Stetson doctor didn't interact with the TARDIS  at all.  why not?  why send the invitations if he could just hop over and pick everyone up?

**EDIT** I'm watching it over and scrutinizing every scene.  The scene where they initially get to FL and are using their flashlights (or torches) to get around, you see a spaceman watching them. Look in the reflection of his mask and you can see the doctor acknowledge him.  I'm going with River Song's number one rule on this one... *the doctor lies* 




 I love british entertainment, but I often find myself lost when it comes to poking fun at regions in the UK.  

One example I could think of is from the Boom Town ep of Doctor Who:

Blaine: "We're in Cardiff. London doesn't care, the south-west coast could fall into the sea and they wouldn't notice... [catches herself] Oh, I sound like a Welshman. God help me, I've gone native."

what are the major regional stereotypes in the UK? 














 I'm in the middle of my weight loss journey.  I'm stuck with all my fat clothes and not much $$ to buy a new wardrobe.  

I need advice on how I can transform my current "chubby" wardrobe into a newer "thinner" one without a shopping spree.

also, i hope use of the term "fatty" doesn't offend anyone.  I was just fattier then than I am now :) 
























 I search "appetite" in /r/keto and all I get is everyone barely able to meet their calorie goals because their appetite is gone.

I have PCOS, which my doctor tells me really sucks for appetite as it's usually more active in ladies with PCOS than those without.  My doctor also fully supports my journey with keto.

Mine's as ravenous as ever.  And keto foods are so calorie dense.  I've tried all the tricks: green tea, water, loads of greens, coconut oil, etc...  I don't have cravings, though, I just am always hungry. I'm also tired all the time.  

Right now I'm trying eat around 1400 calories/day, but frequently go up to 1800 or 2000.  Maybe 2 hours of working out every week, a mix of strength and walking on an incline. My usual day of meals is as follows:

*Breakfast*: almonds and string cheese (about 400 calories worth)

*Lunch*: Greek salad with EVOO and red wine vinegar + gyro meat or chicken

*Dinner*: 80/20 beef with vegetables (either as a taco salad or with cauliflower).

*Snacks*: Handful of almonds, spoonful of almond butter,  pan fried queso blanco, a few strawberries


I usually hit my macros pretty close (even accounting for the increased calories).  I'm not losing weight.  Lost the initial water weight, but nothing else, which I am attributing to my going above the calories I should have. 

Note: PCOS is linked to lowered BMR.  My doctor told me BMR calculators probably won't be accurate for me and that I should have an RMR test done.  This will happen as soon as I save up the money for one. 




 Introduction: Been on keto this time around for about 3 weeks.  Lost 7 pounds in the first week, stalled between 221.8 and 220 for the last 2 weeks.  Minimal exercise (maybe 1-2 hours/week), trying to stay under 1600 calories/day but usually going up to 1900-2000. Do IF 4 days/week, with 16 off/8 on. Measurements have been a consistent 38-35-46 since week 2.  Have PCOS with IR and am on 1000mg Metformin/day (recently reduced from 2000mg by Doctor's suggestion).  Doctor suggested keto for weight loss, plus I find it easy not to eat carbs. Tracking food religiously on MFP.  

**Keto foods are so fucking calorie dense** and I hate 85% of vegetables!  I will eat cauliflower and cabbage until I'm stuffed, but that's honestly up until the carb counts of the vegetables start to get high (2.5 cups of cauliflower is about 7g net carbs according to MFP).

I'm not going to give up, because I want to be healthy (not just skinny) and get pregnant.  But I just wanted to rant about how I never feel full unless I go over my calories!  

Currently cutting back on diet soda, hoping that will help. 









 Found Jamie Eason's 12 week program.  I'm obese, been going to the gym and trying to count calories for 3 weeks with very little results.  I think I need more structure, as in a defined meal plan rather than being left to my own devices.

I'm pretty good with strength training.  Do you think an obese person can do this program with only 3 weeks of strength training experience?  I need something to kick my ass and tell me exactly what to eat. 




 Doing layman research of my own, I can't find anything online that explains **why** it's so difficult.  I just find articles about BMR in women suffering from PCOS, weight loss studies, etc... affirming that it *is* more difficult for PCOS women to lose weight. 




 Stats: 25/f/223lbs.  Exercise: 25 minutes cardio (interval running) + machine weights MWF.  Goal: get fitter and slowly (but eventually) get to 160lbs.

My diet isn't 100% clean, but it's definitely mostly clean.  I'm also the pickiest eater imaginable, and I don't think a diet has to be full of foods I detest.  I hate eggs, but I eat them in the morning with salsa because it masks the taste.  I hate beans, and I hate most nuts (but not nut butters).  I'm having a hard time topping 100g of protein per day.  I know I should eventually have around 120g, but I'm just working on 100g right now.  

I love fruit.  If I have 2 pieces of whole wheat bread/day and a few pieces of fruit I don't have cravings for anything worse.  I measure everything religiously.  I just refuse to go over 1600 calories/day.  I'm not lifting heavy since I'm just starting out.  I'm getting the "going to the gym" routine set first because if I shove myself in the deep end I'll get discouraged and give up (as I have so many times before).

**Am I going to just need to eat less fruit and more meat?**

Typical day of eating:

Breakfast:
 
* 2 eggs with a little cheese, 2 slices of bacon, salsa, and lots of vegetables (2 egg muffin cups), 2 clementine oranges

Lunch:

* turkey sandwich (whole wheat bread) with homemade oven roasted turkey (4 oz), kale chips, 8 medium strawberries

Dinner:

* Either burger patty from 1/2lb raw 80/20 beef, 1.5 salmon burger patty (from seafood counter), 4 oz chicken, with some non-starchy vegetable

Snacks:

* 2-3 of the following per day: apple with (pure) almond butter, grapes, a little turkey, 2 clementines, kale chips


TL;DR: Not eating enough protein.  Without nuts and beans, how can I get more clean protein in?  Just eat less fruit and more meat?

 




 I've tried C25K in the past, I've tried every recommended method of trying to run.  I've run really slow, moderate pace, outside, inside, treadmill, track you name it.  My heart rate always got up to 187bpm within a minute of running.

I haven't run in probably 18 months.  In those 18 months I have started and quelled a battle with anxiety.  I've been on Celexa for 8 months now, and have not tried to run in those 8 months... until yesterday.

A little background: husband and I started eating healthy, tracking food, and working out one week ago today.  We both have confidence we are going to make it this time, and are taking it slowly, one day at a time.

Yesterday was my leg day.  I did my regular leg routine and just planned on walking with my husband on the treadmills for 30 minutes.  I got bored after about 2 minutes of walking and decided to try a light jog, hesitant that my HR would shoot up and I wouldn't be able to breathe very well.

Quite the contrary! My HR was at a max of 167, and I did intervals of running (90 seconds on, 2 minutes off).

I wanted to cry.  I'm now convinced I am able to run and will eventually be able to run a mile for the first time in my life.   When that day comes I will be bawling in the middle of my gym.

I feel like we're really going to make it this time. 




 This is for my husband. He's a pretty big guy, and we have been eating healthy, tracking cops, and going to the gym every day this week. Since starting, he has put on 10 lbs. I wouldn't believe it myself if I didn't see it.

The second day we worked out he hurt his elbow (tennis elbow) and I know muscle healing can cause water retention. But really? Ten pounds worth? 

I'm taking him to a doctor asap to get bloodwork done and make sure this regimen is ok for him, but due to work schedules this could take up to 6 weeks. 

Any advice? He's just a little discouraged. 

Typical workout week:
Monday: walking 30 mins + arms
Tuesday: walking + legs
Wednesday: walking
Thursday: walking + legs
Friday: walking + arms

Abs are done every day except Wednesday. 









 I started Starting Strength today.  I tried out some squats before attempting to use the bar just to check my form and I realized I can't squat to parallel.  I will either come up on my toes or fall backwards.  

I don't want to nix squats completely until my strength improves for me to be able to get to parallel.  I've read some places that doing kettlebell squats can help.  I just did no-weight squats facing the wall to make sure my form is correct.

Has anyone else been in this situation before?  Any suggestions on how to proceed from here?  I plan on continuing the SS workout, just supplementing barbell squats with kettlebell or something similar until the form is right. 




 I'm a dieting guru.  I've tried it all, failed at it all, and now I'm extremely discouraged. 

I just finished day 5 of whole30, where basically for 30 days you don't put anything artificial in your body.  It's paleo, but doesn't allow for paleo hacks either (like paleo desserts), and no artificial sweeteners, limited fruit intake, no dairy or legumes, etc....  I'm so pissed off today.  I hate greens, I hate vegetables, I don't think this is ever going to work for me.

I've had food issues since I was young.  When I was 3 my parents found me eating Oreos in the pantry after they were fighting.  I have half a thyroid, PCOS, and had my gallbladder out in January.  Since the surgery I have gained 30 lbs.  Those of you who know anything about hypothyroidism and PCOS, losing weight is extremely difficult.  

I have tried every diet you can think of that doesn't involve food delivery.  Weight watchers, keto, Atkins, low fat high carb, and now paleo.  I'm sick of being disgusted with my body, but I'm also sick of the dieting mentality I'm stuck with.  I even tried giving up the diet mentality in April but ended up gaining 10 lbs because I didn't deny myself anything.

I'm at my wits end.  The only time I have ever had success in weight loss was when I wasn't even trying.  I would eat a #1 from McDonald's every morning, walk a mile on campus to get to my classes, then eat a McDonald's cheeseburger (the tiny ones) for dinner.  I never denied myself anything, but I was on Zoloft, which killed my appetite.  I would go out to eat and have two bites and be "full" (nauseated).  I dropped 50 lbs in 8 months doing this.  Only downside is that while the Zoloft killed my appetite, it killed my personality and sex drive, too.

I'm currently in counseling and have discussed my issues with food, but simply depriving myself of things leads to me bingeing later, even if I try to acknowledge and think through the feelings I'm having.  I've tried CBT, I'm on anti-depressants still (Celexa), along with medicine for PCOS and hypothyroidism.

I don't know why I'm putting this here. I don't know what I need from you, /r/loseit.  I just know that I had to tell someone my feelings. Maybe I've convinced myself I'm never going to lose the weight, never going to get pregnant, and live a miserable life because of it.  When I was at 170lbs in 2010, I was the most content I've ever been in my life despite having zero personality.  I loved my body and had confidence.  

TL;DR: I've tried everything and am close to giving up.  I don't know what to do.


Edit: Thanks for all the encouragement and advice.  If you want to add me on MFP my username is lefoll.  I have taken what everyone has said to heart and am not going to give up.  I may not stay on the whole30 wagon for much longer, but I'll be making wiser choices and I'm going for a walk (at least) tonight. 




 I've read /r/fitness 's FAQ, I've read multiple articles on strength training, from both bodybuildling.com and other sites.  I get the basic breakdown:

Powerlifting: low reps/high weight
Bodybuilding: mid reps/mid-high weight
stabilizing: high reps/low-mid weight

I'm obese (5'5", 25yo, 225lbs) and cardio has never been good for me.  I'm an absolute beginner.  I've read things on 5x5, I've read starting strength, etc... but I'm still clueless.  I had a trainer last year who worked me out on the cable machines, but in all honesty I'd rather work with dumbbells/barbells. 

I plan on watching lots of videos before I join the Y on Friday (payday).  Any other suggestions?  I'm currently eating 90% paleo (2 meals/week where I don't eat paleo, and even then I don't eat rice/pasta/bread).   




 Back in January, [the Houston Chronicle announced](http://www.chron.com/business/article/7-Eleven-fans-might-thank-heaven-for-Houston-4168335.php) that 7eleven was looking to come back to Houston.  One of the stores is off 249   Grant, which showed up on 7-eleven.com.  Now the store no longer shows up and it seems to be staying a Chevron.

Anyone aware of the goings on in regard to this? 




 I worked for a company for 10 months and had a company-matched 401k  they set up for me.  Now that I am no longer with the company, can I do anything with this money?  How do I go about transferring money to an IRA from this 401k if it's associated with the company I used to work for? 




 I was diagnosed with PCOS in 2006 at the age of 18.  Since then I've been off and on Metformin 4 different times.  As soon as I get up to 1500mg/day, my stomach just rebels.  It's horrible. I get pale, cold sweats, and have to be near a bathroom at all times.

In 2011 I lost 50 pounds but have gained all of it back.  My doctor suggested trying Metformin ER again, since I'm eating healthy and working out to no avail. For the last 12 months I have been attempting to eat very low carb but fail at every turn. Now I'm just eating lots of  vegetables and meats with fruit for dessert.    

My husband and I have been (casually) TTC for the last 12 months with nothing.  I have a period every month, but my insurance doesn't cover any fertility specialists so I can't get additional testing done at this time.

I'm currently on 1000mg/day but the dosage may go up in the future.  If I do go up, should I fight through the symptoms? Do they get any better over time? 

I'm not on anything else, no Spiro or BC.  

Any opinions on this? Any successful weight loss stories with Metformin?  




 I got a new job that I start on Wednesday.  I'm leaving my current job with a wells fargo 401k, but I'm not sure which 401k my new company will pay into.  Will they pay into my existing 401k set up by my current company? Or will I have to transfer the funds into a new 401k? 














 Any suggestions on keto popsicles? I've seen suggestions online for coconut milk, which I plan on trying tomorrow afternoon with some strawberries.  Anyone else have any keto (and lower calorie) popsicle recipes or suggestions?  Seeing as how popsicles are mostly fruit-based I'm at a loss. 




 My husband and I have been discussing this as we've been watching through all the seasons lately.

The set and character's outfits make it seem like the show takes place earlier, but there are pop culture references and modern tech.  

Some more things that lead us to believe it takes place earlier is that all the veterans have fought in WWI, not WWII, and the KGB still exists.  The KGB was dissolved in 1991.

Archer's Dodge Challenger looks like the old Challengers, regardless of new tech.

Guns are also very accurately portrayed, there doesn't seem to have been a modern gun.  There was one Barrett M82 and a TEC-9, both of which were produced in the 1980's.

We always look really deep into these things.  I mean, it's a fictional universe, yes, so this is pretty much ridiculous. 









 I'm talking the kind you can cook at your table.  I know the Gessner part of Spring Branch has a lot from yelp, but the reviews are all over the place.  I also am the whitest of white and know absolutely no Korean which I've heard can be a hindrance at some particular establishments.  As long as the staff and I can communicate to get food on my table, I'm good.

I also have never had Korean food before, but I like trying new things even if I don't like the taste. The experience is good enough :) 




 So I recently discovered my love for making crochet accessories.  Scarves, necklaces, bracelets, etc... but I don't have much of the softer yarn that many people prefer for scarves and the like.  Are there any crochet projects that yarn like the Red Heart Super Saver skeins are good for? My husband calls it squeaky yarn because if you knit too tightly with it, it squeaks. It's rougher and itchier.

Patterns or just ideas are welcome :)  I haven't jumped into amigurumi yet, but plan on doing so soon.   









 I was prescribed Lortab for painkiller after my gallbladder removal surgery.  For the past couple days since the surgery I've been staggering my meds (taking 0.5 mg Klonopin and 20mg Celexa at 5am and Lortab at 8am) but today I took them all together.  Then stupid me looked up the drug interactions between my meds and Lortab and now I'm freaking out.

I keep trying to tell myself if there were any danger my surgeon wouldn't have prescribed Lortab or told me to keep taking my meds but of course my inner voice is not helping.  And today's the first day since my surgery day that I'll be alone at home since my husband goes back to work today.

Anyone had any experience with hydrocodone and anxiety meds? Or just some reassuring words? 




 Backstory: currently being treated for anxiety and depression with medication and CBT.  Has been working wonders.  Before starting treatment in October I had missed work because I couldn't get myself out of bed, usually a day a week.  My boss has been great up until now about it, not requiring any "excuses" and letting me work from home.

Now I have gallbladder disease which has led me to multiple ER visits and a surgery that's coming up soon.  I'm just afraid that this will be the last straw and I'll end up jobless.  I really love this job and am working my butt off from home when I do stay home.

Any advice? Maybe it's my anxiety getting to me, or maybe my fears are legitimate.  I guess fear of the unknown is a big thing for me. 




 I nominate Brown Betty. 




 Where the fuck did Jennie, Strax, and Madam Vasatra come from?  They were there for A Good Man Goes to War but they never got an introduction other than "a debt is to be repaid."  

Was this covered somewhere and I missed it or is it one of Moffat's "clever" attempts at foreshadowing timey wimeyness? 




 My newly prescribed Klonopin to help my anxiety until my Celexa saturates in my system has been working pretty well, until this morning.

Never in my life have I had to leave work because of anxiety.  My main trigger is my heart rate and the thought of dying alone.  

So last night I ate way too much, which happens about once a month.  I was up with stomach pain, puking, and general discomfort for 3 hours.  So I called into work saying I'd be late, no big deal.  I take my medicine before I leave for work (2 hours late) but I can already tell it's going to be a bad day.

On my way to work I can't stop checking my pulse.  It's fast.  I get to work, sit down, drink water, and it's still fast.  I do my breathing exercises, I try to distract myself with work and it's still at least 120bpm.  This just keeps the negative feedback loop going on in my brain.  So I call my husband, because he can help calm me down sometimes.  I do everything I've been taught to do and nothing is helping. I decide Klonopin hasn't started working yet so I try to wait it out for 2 hours while having a panic attack.

No dice.

My boss is out of the office basically 10 minutes after I get there so I jot him an email saying for personal reasons I have to leave for the day.  I tell my coworker I can work from home if anything needs to be done and I pack up my shit and head out the door.  

My heart is still up to around 105bpm, which is better, but still not ideal.  My brain has stopped working that stupid loop it does so well.  I think my Klonopin is working now.  I've just resigned myself to the fact that all that discomfort from last night has my HR up.  No chest pains, no shortness of breath, and my doctor says to just wait a couple days and if it's not back down to come in.


I FUCKING HATE THIS.  I shouldn't be in danger of losing my job but the doubt in my mind is always going.  Yesterday was perfect.  So perfect.  No anxiety, lots of fun, no worries.  Then fucking bam... today. 




 I've searched rigzone but can't find anything that fits his lack of qualifications.  I've sent him tons of job listings that he doesn't particularly qualify for but they may overlook as he has some experience with unrelated electronics and structural design (1 year).  We live in one of the perfect cities for this but have no idea where to start.

Any help would be greatly appreciated. 









 This includes withdrawals from pills.

I took 200mg of Zoloft for depression 2 years ago and it eliminated my personality and my appetite.  I lost 50lbs on it (which was good, I was at 220) but I was a shell of my former self.  The withdrawal was nothing like what others have experienced. No brain zaps, no shakes or sweats, no vomiting, nothing.  It was just normal for me.  

I tried Zoloft again recently for my general anxiety at a lower dosage (started at 25mg and upped to 50mg) but it actually made my anxiety worse this time around so I just stopped taking it.  I'm going back for a reevaluation tomorrow. 




 Background info: We are newlyweds (8 months) and bring home about $52k after taxes, insurance, 401k, etc... We have $30k in debt.  We have only my 401k which just kicked in last month. We rent an apartment and are moving to a less-expensive one in March when our current lease is up.  We own our cars outright, and as of right now my student loans qualify for income based repayment.  The minimum payment required per month is $0, since we file taxes separately. 

We have no savings. We spend frivolously, convincing ourselves we'll be fine and we have the money to buy ____. Truth be told, if we have any sort of financial crisis my in-laws would probably help us out, but I don't want to get to that point. 

I'm considering attending Dave Ramsey's Financial Peace University in January because I'm so desperate to have an emergency fund and save up for a down payment and other things.  

Our biggest struggle is that our rent eats up the first paycheck of the month and then some. We live in a city where the cost of living is pretty low for the US, so finding that cheaper apartment isn't difficult.  

I'm curious if any resources really worked for you, or any advice you have for us.  Did anyone try FPU? I'm aware that FPU is biblical, but I'm more concerned with the results than anything else.  Not to mention my husband and I are (somewhat lapsed) Christians

Thanks for any help. 




 For me, it's either when they pace someone in the other person's blind spot or riding their ass.  I don't have that much trust in other drivers. 




 No sex-ed is the best sex-ed! 









 I've been attempting keto for the last 6 months but can't really get the hang of it.  I have metabolic syndrome and a voracious appetite, so eating what I want on keto hasn't been beneficial with the calorie-dense foods.  

Today I started eating every 2.5-3 hours, having no more than 200 calories.  This has satisfied my desire to eat all the time, as well as helped me stay under my 1300 calorie limit.

Anyone else have to do this or something similar in order to keep on track?  

I've heard for the last 6 months that my appetite will go away, just wait it out.  Never happened.  I'm not willing to wait anymore, because I've gone 6 months without losing a single pound.  Granted, I haven't gained any weight, but going to the gym 3x a week and working out with a personal trainer once a week... I'm not happy at all. 









 Let's share our shame. 









 So I have borderline polycystic ovaries, but none of my blood tests reflect PCOS symptoms.  I have hirsutism, though, so my RE put me on spironolactone.  I'm also on synthroid, but that's unrelated.

I'M SO FUCKING EXHAUSTED. I'm on 100mg spiro.  Does anyone else have this problem?  I saw one of the side effects listed online is fatigue, but this is ridiculous. 




 Okay, so basically since I went to college in 2006 I haven't been extremely involved in churches.  I would go about once a month.  Since I got married 7 months ago my husband and I have been once.  I want to be involved in a church but both my husband and I have a hard time being involved in a church whose services we really don't enjoy whatsoever or a church we disagree with on our big points.

We talked about this last night and my husband describes himself as a lapsed Christian.  He believes what Christianity teaches overall, but he can't find a church that meets his needs.  

First of all, we're in Texas.  Lots of churches I've been to here are preaching that homosexuality is horrific and anyone not heterosexual is essentially going to hell.  We don't share that belief at all.  

Second, the whole evolution thing.  We are *not* YEC's, and we'd like to find a church that embraces science and evolution instead of being apathetic or strongly YEC. 

Third, the layout.  We're so over singing 3 songs and hearing a preacher tell us stories from his personal life that somehow connect to the message of "Jesus saves" that he's preaching. My husband really enjoys the liturgical side of worship even more than the message itself.

Basically my husband and I want a place where we can get into the Greek and Hebrew of the message, getting more into the context of the passages and knowing what was really going on at the time and what it really means.

We believe the Bible in its original languages is infallible. We are neither Calvinist nor Arminian, we are Lutheran in that sense, but we don't need a Lutheran church.  We just don't want someone that will shove either Cism or Aism down our throats because we don't find that important whatsoever.

I've looked into home churches in my area and I found one and have messaged the pastor about these issues, but I'm willing to bet that his answer will not be what I'm looking for.

Any suggestions?   




 I got a tooth extracted today.  That would be it for me. 









 OK so I use MFP to track my calories.  It essentially "nets" my calories so that my net consumption is 1350 calories.  That is, if I burn 219 calories, my food calories will jump up to 1569 calories.  Should I still just stick to 1350 and have those other 219 be deficit?  I want to lose weight healthily and I'm not sure if not eating those 219 will hinder anything.  




 In late march I had a debilitating panic attack.  I was dizzy, heart rate was up, I was pacing for 3 hours straight.  I went to the ER and got diagnosed with an inner ear infection.  Vertigo along with anxiety are very common symptoms of this infection, so I kept having mini panic attacks due to my loss of equilibrium.  

I went back on 12.5 mg of Zoloft, as I had been off it for 3 months when the attack hit.  Ever since then I've had GAD, being on the brink of an attack all day, every day.

Recently I started working out and went off the Zoloft and lo and behold, no more anxiety at all.  It cooled down to about 85 the other day (for Houston that's a nice day) and I closed my eyes walking outside and felt genuinely happy for the first time in over 2 years.  

Pretty sure the Zoloft and sedentary lifestyle was causing my constant anxiety.

I just wanted to celebrate this on this subreddit, which has been helpful in these past 6 months dealing with this shit. 




 I got one on Sunday for my birthday and I'm desperate to make something.  I've made mousse, but I'm pretty burnt out on that dessert.  I don't need dessert recipes. I've been looking online but found one or two threads on low carb friends, but I knew all those recipes. 

Thanks! 




 I've had an iPhone since the release of the iPhone 3.  My iPhone 4 hardware has started crapping out, with the home and lock buttons being unresponsive half of the time, and the camera being faulty. I was looking forward to the iPhone 5 but now that most of its features are standard on other phones, I'm not as excited.  

Anyways, I can hold out for another month or so with my crappy iPhone, assuming the Note II comes out in mid-October.

I'm just very new to looking at phones for hardware and new with the Android OS.  I like the larger display the Note offers as well as the pen.      But I'm not sure I'd be utilizing it fully as it was intended.  

I appreciate any help. 




 Back story:  I was on 200mg of Zoloft (for depression mostly) for 18 months and weaned myself off under a doctor's supervision, as I was a zombie and it was driving my then-fiance away. I had some major panic attacks for the  first time in my life starting in March of this year.  For about 2 months I was having them 3 times a week.  Then they waned down some to only once or twice a month, after going back on ~12.5mg of Zoloft again.  I think this was a mistake, as I wasn't under a doctor's supervision because I didn't have insurance at all. 

Today was one of those times where I had a panic attack for a good 3 hours. Even the calming manatee didn't help. I think I may have unevenly broke my pill last night and took too much, but I just felt extremely lightheaded, my vision was all fucked up, and I felt especially disconnected from reality.  My brain was not working right and it freaked me out.  I couldn't think of the words I was trying to say, I wasn't making the connection with words I read in emails and on paper.  It's like, I knew the words but the information wasn't making it to my brain. The disconnect is what gets me the most.  I don't feel like myself anymore.  I feel disconnected for the majority of my day and I feel on edge all the fucking time. After today, I've now got an enormous headache, probably because my brain was working overtime today.

So today I made an appointment with a psychiatrist for the first time.  My old GP originally prescribed me Zoloft but now I've had enough.  I need an adjustment.  I need to feel normal again.  I just don't want to keep feeling like I'm going down the rabbit hole into insanity anymore. 




 F, 25 yo, 5'5", 193lbs.  

I just started CrossFit yesterday.  I was surprised that I actually enjoyed it, even though I felt like I was going to die towards the end.  The workout was scaled down.  I was reminded, however, why I've not stuck with working out before.

About 5 minutes into any vigorous workout, my chest starts burning.  My heart rate is pretty elevated but my doctor says it's nothing to be worried about (175 max).  I've breathed through my nose, through my mouth, breathed deeper, but nothing seems to alleviate this.  

This is ultimately what stopped my previous work out attempts.  About 2 years ago I got to week 3 of C25K but couldn't progress farther, despite doing week 3 for 2 months straight.  The chest burning was too much. I noticed last night a bit of wheezing for about 30 minutes after the workout was completed.

Could this be athletic asthma?  Or am I just a wuss and need to push through it? I plan on visiting a GP in the next couple weeks, but I wanted to hear some opinions. 




 I just got a full face wax for the first time and the poor woman had to tweeze for 10 minutes after the waxing itself was done.  I usually pluck my chin and any other hairs I feel but it's been getting out of control lately and my self esteem is suffering.  I still have to sit here and pluck the ones that were recently plucked.

Anyways, how do you deal? 









 I am a workout beginner.  I've tried to go do cardio at the gym before but I get bored.  I feel this sort of program will be more beneficial to me as it requires actively tracking progress.  

The thing is, I've never lifted weights before.  Ever.  I feel CF would help me learn how to lift properly and be a good program to get involved with, but is CF for beginners as inexperienced as myself? 

Stats: 25f, 5'5, 194lbs. 









 All we know, as confirmed by some [obscure article](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-19258348) on BBC's news site, is that it's airing in September.

The only source I've seen saying it's 1 September is some blogspot post and other articles that say BFI attendees say 1 September was confirmed.  If you're going to claim it's a specific date, please include some legitimate source, preferably a BBC or Steven Moffat confirmation. I'm just very skeptical of this date that's being thrown around. 




 Title says it all.  I had a GP since birth who I recently left because he started charging a monthly fee.  Long story, but when I was with him I expressed an interest in seeing a psychiatrist.  He told me not to, because of certain tactics psychiatrists use vs. counselors.  He didn't want someone trying to get me on a cocktail of medications when I really only needed one and some good CBT.

So now I'm running out of Zoloft and I need to get my dose readjusted.  Do I go see another GP and tell him/her my situation and ask for a reassessment of my medications?  I'm on 25mg of Zoloft.  Without my meds I'm irritable, on edge, and anxious.  If I break my 50mg pill unevenly and take more than half I'm anxious, lightheaded, and can't stop zoning out.

I know y'all aren't doctors and I need to see one, but I just need some form of feedback so I'll know what to expect. 




 Do they offer sugar free flavorings? I'm currently sipping a peach sprite zero and am thinking its full of sugar.  














 Do you put heavy cream in your tea instead of milk or just drink it plain?  I'm an American and I used to drink coffee but the caffeine has started making me jittery and exacerbating my anxiety.  I know cream + coffee = greatness but not sure about tea + cream. Specifically Earl Grey. 




 Never fails. Just need to vent. I have to get up at 5:45am so I can get ready for my first day at a new job. Been tossing and turning since 1am, managed to get 30 min of sleep but otherwise laying here doing nothing. I'm not even very nervous, compared to other fits of anxiety. Just can't sleep. This always happens, and my first day goes by in a fatigue haze.  I can't take energy supplements bc they exacerbate my anxiety. Blah. 

Thanks for listening. 

UPDATE: THIS JOB ROCKS! The orientation this morning was extremely boring, but I love my boss and the few coworkers I've met so far.   




 I guess amenorrhea is a very common symptom of PCOS, but it's never been that prominent in me.  Mine comes **on average** once every 30 days.  Sometimes it's a little later. Sometimes a little earlier. But it seems most on here talk about how they go over 3 months without having one if they're not on BC. 

On that same topic, I know I should ask a doctor the following question, but I'm working on getting short term health insurance at the moment.  Because my periods aren't irregular, does that mean I'm fertile? I figure me getting a period every 30 days or so means I'm ovulating once in that time period.  

Feel free to discuss you periods in this thread, and thanks in advance for any answer to my question!   




 I'm tutoring a student in calculus III, offering a refresher course for him to re-take it in the fall.  He's an engineering and physics double major, and he loves applications of math vs. pure theory.  He's only taken mechanics, no pure engineering courses yet.

Obviously basic mechanics can be used with the basics of vectors, but when it comes to directional derivatives, gradients, and curl I'm having difficulty thinking of applications that he could realistically do.  I have a BS in math, so the theory part really interested me more.

 




 Usually I tutor people who are struggling with coursework. The guy in tutoring today is definitely a high achieving student, he just had a bad teacher and lost his zeal for the subject. To make things worse, in trying to secure a job with his father's company. I've been commissioned to reignite a passion for math, something that I don't know if I can do. I always second guess myself. Right now I'm worried that I'm not prepared enough, that I won't be able to meet the expectations, that I ultimately won't get the position I want. 

Thanks for listening.  




 Okay, I started keto April 15.  I've had PCOS for about 6-7 years but haven't taken my medication.  Recently I fell off the wagon after having absolutely no success on keto and actually having it exacerbate my anxiety.  I've been eating still lower carb than before keto, but only because carbs have started to frighten me.  I had one bout of a high-carb meal and felt extremely hyperglycemic. 

Anyways, basically what happened through my 75 days of keto was I lost the initial water weight the first 2 weeks.  After that I had nothing.  I was fluctuating around the same weight (193 lbs) the entire time, no matter what I did.  I went to /r/keto for help multiple times, resulting in me trying IF, fat fasting, water increase, weight training, everything.  Nothing was working.

So when I fell off the wagon I decided to start taking my Metformin again.  It hasn't caused the digestive issues it had before, thankfully, but I need some motivation.  I need some inspiration.  

TL;DR: Keto didn't work for me the first time for 75 days when I was unmedicated.  Now I'm back on medicine but I need to hear some stories from ladies with PCOS who have had success using keto and Metformin to lose weight. 









 Anyone else have any type of anxious feelings upon waking?  Mine is only after waking from a nap, and it's gotten to the point where I"m afraid to take a nap because I don't want to feel like this.  It just happened again and it sucks. 




 I already feel better.  It's so wonderful to be able to air what makes me anxious to a compassionate professional! I've already got some things to help me out if and when the anxiety creeps up on me.  So ready for these weekly sessions! 




 I either put it on too thin, where I need 2-4 coats, or too thick, where it looks awesome but isn't dry after 20 minutes (still a little goopy).  What am I doing wrong? 

Also, can clear polish substitute a top coat? I can't afford to buy a good one right now, so should I use the clear or just forego top coat until I can get a legit top coat? 




 One would think I'm wired perfectly for keto.  I have PCOS, I'm insulin resistant, and I'm chubby.  Nothing else has ever worked before.

So here's my story.

As per my stats in my flair, I started 4/15.  First week, lost 12 pounds of what I'm assuming was mostly water weight.  After the first week, nothing. I tried IF, fat fasting, cutting artificial sweeteners, upping protein, upping fat, weight training, light cardio... you name it, I tried it.  I was drowning myself in water every day.  

Then, about 10 days in my brain became foggy.  Researched it on here, upped my potassium via V8 low sodium, lite salt, swiss chard, cream of tartar, and avocados.  Met all my electrolyte goals on MFP but my perception was still off.  

Then it happened.

This change in perception, along with the dizziness and light-headedness, caused my anxiety to skyrocket.  I've never had full-blown panic attacks until the beginning of May, when I started having them almost every other day.  I went to urgent care walk-in clinics twice, got put on beta blockers, but I still *felt* wrong.  I saw the world differently than I had before.  Even my regular GP couldn't give me an answer as to why I was feeling like I was, so I made an appointment with a therapist.  

Friday, June 1, after feeling utterly miserable anxiety-wise for the last 40 days or so (the requisite amount of time it takes the brain to adjust to ketones), my husband took me on a date. Long story short, I cheated and had about 40g net carbs.  Figured I'd wake up the next day out of ketosis and feeling miserable.

I woke up the next morning, sure enough, out of ketosis.  But there was something different.  **I felt normal** and I was perceiving the world like I used to, no more dizziness or lightheadedness, no more postural hypotension.  So I went on the internet and realized that in some people with serotonin deficiencies, keto can exacerbate anxiety like nobody's business.  This increase in anxiety was causing me to stress out, which is why (I assume) I wasn't losing any weight at all.

So I'm sorry keto.  For my own mental health I can't continue this.  Don't worry, I'm not going low-fat diet or anything, I think I'll just try paleo for a while.  You know, adding in vegetables with a higher net carb count, maybe increasing my carb macro to 15% while increasing my cardio a little.  I'll still hang around here for food inspiration.

*I'm just not willing to sacrifice my sanity for 20g carbs per day. I'm now just sticking with under 50g.  Some might still consider this keto, some may not.*


**TL;DR: After 7 weeks of keto, my anxiety had skyrocketed, I was foggy, and I wasn't losing weight, despite my efforts to change all of these through advice sought on /r/keto.  Had a minor cheat Friday and felt normal for the first time in 6 weeks, researched, and realized those with serotonin deficiency can have anxiety exacerbated through extremely low-carb diets.  Upping my carb count to 50g and wanted to post this in case someone in the future has a similar problem.**



Edit: **I just wanted to share this in case anyone ever goes through it as well, they can see what happened to another person.** I'm not saying keto is unhealthy (quite the contrary), I'm just saying it doesn't *always* make anxiety and depression better, and it *can* have some adverse side effects depending on your body chemistry and the medications you're taking.  


Thank you so much for the kind words and encouragement.  I love /r/keto 




 I mean, being suicidal isn't a qualifier for every depression case.  I've actually got a little hypochondria and have a fear of death, but every time I come across something about depression on reddit, someone mentions how they want to kill themselves or how many times they've tried.  I never have and I never will, I just have a serotonin deficiency that causes depression.

It's kinda weird that I feel alone even on the /r/depression subreddit. 




 I'm sick of spending $11 on a pound of Bob's almond meal at H-E-B.  I make holy grail pizza at least twice a week.  I'm a newlywed and can't afford to spend that much on almond meal.  We have a crappy food processor and  are really busy so I'd rather just buy some and not make my own.

Free/cheap shipping would be awesome, too.  Should probably mention I'm in the states, if you didn't catch that by the H-E-B 




 Hey all, long time no talk.  Sorry I haven't been as active here as I used to be, but life caught up with me.  

Anyways, I have a question and am not good at brainstorming these things on my own.

My husband has felt the calling to work in a ministry of some form since shortly after he became a Christian.  Recently, however, he's become very disillusioned to working in an actual church due to the politics that go on.  He doesn't want to deal with the bigotry of individual people, the limitations of what he can speak about so that he doesn't upset some people, the emails after a sermon from some upset congregation member, the list goes on.  This can extend to foreign missions, too, but he's been pretty clear that with the gifts God gave him, he's pretty sure the call isn't for foreign missions anyways.

What are some other roles that don't require specific denominational affiliation, don't require answering to hundreds of people, yet still allow him to get his M.Div and spread the love of Christ through his actions and responsibilities?

The only thing I could come up with is a chaplain for a hospital, which he expressed some interest in.  I just thought I'd get some feedback from you guys and gals since our brainstorming sessions have ended up empty.

Note: while we're trying to volunteer our time through our church and other things, this needs to be a paid position, one that pays enough to contribute enough to raise a family on (along with mine).  We don't expect it to pay a lot, but we're hoping more than the $23k/year youth ministry positions we're finding in the ELCA and LCMS. 









 I've been on keto for 5 weeks now and, following the initial water weight, have not lost another pound. I'm consistently under 20g carbs, am drinking enough water, am meeting my macros and calorie goals, have tried IF, fat fasting, and cutting out artificial sweeteners. 

I've measured myself and haven't lost any inches. I'm literally the same place I was after losing the water weight. If I had lost the 10 pounds spread out over 5 weeks this post wouldn't be here. 

The only way I'm not perfectly meeting my macros is on the net carbs. I'm usually under 20g, around 10 or 15.  I eat spinach salads every day and broccoli at night, so I'm getting enough veggies. I'm on a probiotic and multivitamin. 

What gives? I have insulin resistance and PCOS, so this lifestyle should be perfect for me. My sugar addiction is gone but the weight won't come off at all. 

The only thing I can think of is that I should try the last resort: working out. My nemesis. I've never had good endurance or diligence when it came to working out and I was put on beta blockers this last week so it worries me a bit. 

I just need advice. I've posted my food logs before and adjusted my macros as advised. They're never perfect by someone's standards but they're pretty damn close. 

Help me, /r/keto. You're my only hope  




 I've been on the /r/keto diet for a month now and have realized how expensive it can be, with all the meat and produce purchases.  I plan on going to [Canino](http://www.caninoproduce.com/) on Saturday to pick up some veggies, but I've also heard just hispanic markets in general are good for meat and veggies.  Which ones are the best and can cater to someone with extremely limited Spanish skills?  I went into a carniceria once looking for slab bacon and got looks of confusion from the butchers there, and I'd like to avoid that in the future. 




 My husband has a psychological addiction to a pot-like substance.  We got married in March.  I have been asking him to cut back for a long time, for probably 18 months now but my prodding became serious in the past 2 months.  Every time we get into a discussion about it, the topic always turns to why I don't like it, and how my reasons aren't enough to warrant him quitting.  He can see himself doing this for the rest of his life.  He claims if pot were ever legalized, he'd use the real stuff.  He claims to use this fake shit because of work and other legal issues.

He doesn't smoke around me, he's granted me that and I'm grateful for the compromise.  He smokes before work, on his lunch break, and he smokes after I go to bed while he plays video games.  Now, this isn't to say I don't understand, I was the exact same.  I smoked this shit for 2 years before a new blend gave me the worst anxiety attack of my life and I gave it up.  He made a deal with me to only buy a certain amount every week and he's broken that in the past 2 weeks.  He always has excuses ready, like he was sick and it makes him feel better so he smoked a lot one day, a fight we got in stressed him out so he smoked a lot that day too, etc…

I don't like it because I don't want his life to revolve around this substance.  I also don't want to deal with the financial repercussions if, God forbid, one of us loses our job or something happens.  It's getting to the point where I'm paranoid about him going behind my back and breaking the compromise by getting cash back on debit transactions in order to go buy this stuff without my knowledge, despite his promise to include me on all substance purchases.  The ideal situation would be that a) I just lose all concern about this and b) he stay within the boundaries of our compromise for financial reasons.

He was raised by an unbearably nagging mother, so any time I seriously get in his face about this he just shuts down in order to shut me up.  That's what worked with his mother and it infuriates me.  I don't want to annoy him and be on his case constantly; I don't want to be his mother.

TL;DR: Husband is addicted to pot-like substance, denies its control over his life. I'm getting paranoid and would love any advice to break me out of this paranoia.  To be completely honest I just don't want to care anymore, but I have a history of anxiety and I have a hard time controlling my thoughts.  

Thanks for the advice, everyone.  This post may have come off as a "help me convince my husband to stop or tell me what to do to make it go away." I meant it to be "I know my thoughts are irrational so can someone please give me some advice to deal with this better?" 4nonymo was the most helpful in this.  Many of your points have been brought up in our 5 fights about it and they've all been successfully resolved, but my anxious and nagging feelings remained.  The only course of action left is for me to go get some form of therapy to help deal with my mental health.   














 25/f, in case it matters

My anxiety used to be just very occasional, seemingly mild panic attacks. 

Then one day in late March, I took a nap after dinner and woke up to the most horrific panic attack of my life.  It lasted 3 hours, then I finally went to the ER.  They said I might be dehydrated, and then eventually discovered an ear infection.

Apparently the nerve that goes from the inner ear to the brain, the one that causes dizziness with this, also goes to the part that triggers anxiety.  So I had to deal with anxiety and dizziness for the next 10 days or so.

I also started /r/keto around the time my dizziness subsided.

Ever since mid-April I've had this constant mild anxiety, where my resting heart rate is 85-105 bpm.  I have random dizzy spells.  I've been off Zoloft for 7 months and ran out of lorazepam during my ear infection, and I can't get another script for a while due to a medical insurance snafu.  

My anxiety is in the form of hypochondria and doomsday thoughts.  I can't drive on the freeway after work because I'm terrified of an accident.  I'm constantly checking my pulse.  I have anxiety when I wake up from naps, so I don't nap anymore.  It seems that my depression is no longer wreaking havoc over my life, just the anxiety.

It's driving me crazy.  I've tried l-theanine, but I'm afraid to take it too much because of the hypochondria.  I'm picking up magnesium on the way home from work for both anxiety and digestive issues.  

**Could this still be due to the inner ear problem? What should I do? Any luck with OTC supplements??** 




 I've posted a couple links in the past few days that have my daily recordings of food, and a few people said my macros are off and I'm not getting enough protein.

So I went out and bought Jay Robb's chocolate whey protein powder, 1g net carbs per scoop.

Fucking shit kicked me out of ketosis.  

***FOR THE KETO ANALYSTS/EXPERTS:***Does it **really** matter that my macros aren't up to par all the time? I'm getting more fat than anything and staying below my carb ratio.  My protein is about 75% of what it should be, but I'm not getting all the way up there because I get really full really quickly.

[First tracking day](http://i.imgur.com/QLqmB.jpg)

[Second tracking day](http://i.imgur.com/eSIBq.jpg)

I'm just extremely frustrated, because I've been doing everything right and I've been stuck around 193 for the past 2 weeks now.  I'm a woman, my body shouldn't be comfortable at this weight.  Maybe I should take a walk tonight or something. 




 [I posted yesterday](http://www.reddit.com/r/keto/comments/to4ch/first_day_of_tracking_all_of_my_food_would_like/), asking for feedback of my first fully-tracked food day.

I tracked again, and I can't seem to get enough protein.  I ate a mass amount of shrimp for dinner and even then, not enough.  I want to stay away from protein powder, as I have a difficult time drinking disgusting things and I've yet to find one that is tasty.  

If I have to, I'll buy protein powder.  What are some other ways of getting in some more protein?

[Here's my food log from yesterday](http://i.imgur.com/eSIBq.jpg)

**I really appreciate you, /r/keto, for being here for me when I need your help.  Which is most of the time.** 




 I've had mild depression and anxiety for the past 10 years or so (since my teens).  About 7 months ago I weaned myself off of Zoloft, because I wanted to feel emotions again.  I wasn't very anxious until I had an ear infection recently, which somehow triggered my anxiety.  Now I have a constant mild anxiety regarding my health and safety. 

Anyways, I've read that 5-HTP is a good natural supplement that helps with mild anxiety and depression and was wondering if anyone uses it while doing keto and if there are any adverse side effects?

I have a theory as to why my anxiety has creeped back up and the weight hasn't been coming off easily: serotonin.  I think I'm serotonin deficient and there are studies that show that serotonin deficiency has an adverse effect on weight loss and weight control, and 5-HTP has shown to increase serotonin levels.  I used to get the serotonin from eating carby foods, because I was a sugar addict. I would feel awesome as I was eating sugary, carb-laden foods, but about 10 minutes afterwards would feel physically miserable from hyperglycemia (I've got PCOS and am insulin resistant).  

EDIT:  Thanks to everyone for the advice! I decided to give L-Theanine a go and got a bottle.  I took one about 30 minutes ago (6:25pm CST) and am already feeling **MUCH** more stable, especially given that my hypochondriac anxiety was very mild to begin with 









 It's really encouraging to see people losing 20 pounds in the first month.  But it's also frustrating to get through my own first month and only have lost 10 pounds.  I've basically plateaued since after the first week.  I've had a couple of cheat meals (one being yesterday), and it seems like it takes my weight forever to get back on track even though I'm pissing dark pink on the sticks and have smelly breath.

I posted a comment not too long ago about waiting to exercise until I'm down some more weight, but I decided with my current frustration to change my mind.  I'm starting some light weight training tonight with my husband.  I'm giving up most of the artificially sweetened things that were staples of my beginning keto diet.  

I have to remind myself that my progress will probably be slower than others', since in the past 18 months I've lost 50 pounds and gained 30 back.  I know yo-yo dieting has an effect on speed of weight loss, as well as my PCOS (and, therefore, insulin resistance), hypothyroidism, and IBS.  

One thing I will say for certain that I'm very pleased with: my sugar addiction is gone.  It was so bad before I got married and started keto that about twice a month I would have this enormous craving for cookies or cake and go to Wal-Mart to fulfill my desires.  For those of you with insulin resistance and former sugar addiction, you know this craving was basically insatiable.  You'd go, eat half the carton of oreos (or even the whole carton if it was a particularly bad one) and then feel like death was coming afterwards.  Now, I have that deathy feeling even after a small cheat.  I get tired, my eyes go cross, my anxiety creeps back up on me.  It's horrendous.  This morning, for example, I feel like death and an overly inflated balloon.  I had one of my sister's famous brownies yesterday and I felt like hell the rest of the day.  

So even though I'm frustrated at my lack of success, thank you, /r/keto, for curing my addiction. 




 I want to pre make bacon for breakfasts every week, but the bacon from my work cafeteria is so much more superior than my bacon. Theirs is thinner, crispy but not too crispy. No fatty ends. I've tried a bacon press, I've tried the oven. Nothing I do works as well. 

HELP!

Edit;  I think I discovered the problem. Even though I'm not buying "thick-cut bacon", it's too thick.  I think I need some specialty thinly sliced bacon. 









 I’ve had chronic constipation for as long as I can remember.  It’s been the black spot on my life that I can’t seem to get rid of, and now that I’m doing keto religiously, it’s gotten worse.  “Rabbit poops” are an apt term to describe my predicament up until a few days ago.  I’ve barely defecated since Sunday, so today after work I’m going to pick up a glycerin enema.  I eat a carbmaster yogurt every day, so I thought I would be getting all the probiotics I need.  Does anyone have any suggestions?

DISCLAIMER: **Don’t recommend fiber.**  It just exacerbates the problem by increasing the volume of my fecal matter.  That is, it clogs me even more.  My doctor has said to stay away from psyllium husks, benefiber, and even flaxseed meal because of this in the past.    

**EDIT** Thanks for all the advice!  I"m going to try the coconut oil in coffee in the mornings, but tonight I think I'll use more... uncomfortable and temporary solutions.  I need this out of me because I've gained 3 pounds and am bloated as fuck (*not* from water retention, I can tell)
 




 Background: I live in Houston, big metropolitan area, low cost of living (especially in the ‘burbs).  “Poor” credit score due to stupidity by my husband and myself with college credit cards, getting it sorted out, though it will take a while.

We currently rent an apartment here, spending about $1300/month on rent + utilities.  Two questions:

1. If we can’t get approved for credit cards, will we get approved for a mortgage

2. If we could get approved for a mortgage, would we be better off buying a house (probably $125k or less) or should we just stick with an apartment?

Which would be better for us financially (in a broad sense since I’m not sharing any more financial information), renting or “owning”?
 




 I bought a pack of these at HEB because they were cheap and beef, but I realized I have no idea how to cook them without many carbs.  My grandmother made these for me growing up occasionally, but she made them fried with gravy like [the pioneer woman](http://thepioneerwoman.com/cooking/2010/08/fried-round-steak/) and I'd rather not bust out the almond meal or any other keto carb alternative.  Any suggestions? 



















 I woke up this morning (10am) with a slightly elevated temp (98.9 for someone with unmedicated hypothyroidism due to marginal blood work and maxed out insurance).

30 minutes ago it had skyrocketed to 101.4.  I thought it was just a hangover from the double jack and diet I had last night (first drink since starting keto), but when the fever hit I was convinced it's something else.  I can't keep anything but smart water, vitamins, and aspirin down and I'm having the runs (TMI, sorry).  It's currently a birth-control induced shark week, as that may be important.

I've been in ketosis since 4/17 and have lost 10 pounds.  My husband is out getting me sugar free jello to try to keep down.

My question is this: **What should I do?** Since I'm in ketosis, I'm not retaining water so I'm afraid I'll get dehydrated.  Should I just sacrifice for the sickness and eat some carbs? I'm feeling absolutely miserable and honestly can't afford to visit a doctor other than a free clinic, so I'm coming to the keto experts first.

Again, I apologize for hounding r/keto with questions today (all 2 of them).

EDIT: Thanks for the responses.  I ate some tyson chicken nuggets (5 of them at 15g total) and am waiting for sugar free jell-o to set.  This was a couple hours ago so I feel better now and the sticks are saying I'm still in ketosis.  I'll be drinking the broth. 




 He's 6'2 and around 360, but he's seen the scale go up 5 pounds in our first week of weighing (3rd week of keto).  He says he's always hungry and is in ketosis all the time (I've seen the stix).  I figured since he's a big guy he doesn't have to watch his calories *that* much, based on what I've read in this subreddit for the past 3 months or so.  He also claims to be tired and hungry all the time.

He drinks about a gallon of water every day, salad for lunch, meats and cheeses and veggies for dinner. Usually skips breakfast bc he doesn't have time as he likes to sleep as late as possible. He has a couple sprite zeroes a night.  Meanwhile I've been losing on the diet faster than I've lost before.

Any advice? 




 This is for the husband, not me.  

He's a pretty big guy, 6'2 325lbs +.  We started keto last week and he started drinking more water specifically today.  Before today he would mainly stick to diet sodas or flavored sparkling waters ([these](http://www.amazon.com/Sparkling-ICE-Variety-Flavors-17-Ounce/dp/B003OZYVE4)). He said he feels fine otherwise and is in hardcore ketosis but his pee isn't diluting.  It's still dark, as if he's dehydrated.  Will it take a while for his body to properly hydrate itself? There are no other signs of renal failure, but I was wondering if anyone else has had this problem. 









 I'm bored at work and have been looking up different low carb bread options and need some opinions.

I loathe oopsie rolls.  I'm not a big egg fan and these taste too eggy for me.  I'm planning on trying [almond buns](http://cavemanketo.com/2012/02/15/faux-bread-quest-holy-grail-almond-buns/) tonight, and am excited because everyone has said in the comments that they taste very buttery.

Minute muffins are okay but I have IBS and they... slow things down even more.  Too much fiber can have adverse affects, even with extreme hydration.

 




 Back on the wagon, bought some more ketostix to keep myself motivated.  However, I realize the importance of being well hydrated on keto and so every time I try to use the ketostix, it registers a color between Neutral and Trace.  What should I do? Decrease water intake? Increase fats (even though I'm pretty much hitting my macros every day)?  I'm just frustrated from not knowing if I'm in ketosis.  

Disclaimer: I don't notice the acetone breath and dinosaur sweat pee, even when I did keto before and my ketostix registered a dark purple just after waking up.  I don't know why I can't recognize the other signs of ketosis, so honestly those physical signs don't really work for me. 




 Back story: I smoked Spice (fake weed) for about a year, every day.  I quit thankfully, and don't even smoke trees as I'm afraid of its effects on me. I recently had an inner ear infection that left me perpetually dizzy and anxious for a week.  I got over it and have recently weaned myself completely off Zoloft and Ativan.

I finally feel like I'm getting back to normal, but I'll have spells where my perception feels off.  Like I feel a little lightheaded, I feel like the world around me is wrong.  I see everything normally, it's just a feeling in my head.  It's *almost* enough to trigger mild anxiety, but not quite enough.  

Has anyone else experienced this? I figure if it's an effect from coming off Zoloft and Ativan then it might get a response on here.

Even if it doesn't apply to you, hey, you're awesome. 









 I obviously have a food addiction, most of which is associated with carbs.

I tried to start keto back in November, did it for a week, lost 10 pounds then gave up for some unknown reason.

Did the exact same thing in December.

I'm now realizing if I would have just sucked it up and suffered through the first couple weeks, I'd probably be down 30 pounds (or more) by now, but because I lacked the willpower necessary (and was a lazy fuck who made excuses), I'm still where I was in November.  Thankfully I haven't gained any since then.

Take this lesson, newbie ketoers, that if you stick with it you'll have progress pics to show off in just a few months.  

As for me, I've set goals for myself (a generous 8 months to lose 40 pounds).  I've discovered that I can like eggs if they're topped with salsa from my work's cafeteria. I've asked my new husband to encourage me to eat keto-friendly desserts (chocolate mousse... YUM) and have started parking in the garage across campus from my office so that I can get off my butt and work more.


Sorry, just needed to get that out there.  I'm starting fresh. Not putting a lot of pressure on myself.  Working through this carb addiction. Gonna be hotter stuff by my birthday in September. 




 If this doesn't belong here, please direct me to where I should post this.  There are just so many ent subreddits that I'm just clueless.

First, my back story:

I have anxiety and depression.  The anxiety isn't constant but was recently exacerbated by an inner ear infection.  For a span of about 18 months between 2008 and 2010 I smoked "legal" substitues.  Yes, I know about how unhealthy it is and I quit after the newer blends were giving me panic attacks.  I recently convinced my new husband to switch to real trees, but I'm afraid about partaking myself with what happened before with the legal stuff.  I know they're completely different, but I'm still concerned.

That being said, is medical marijuana prescribed for anxiety and depressive disorders?  I've read about long-term smokers developing anxiety, supposedly because of the long-term use.

I don't live in a medical state, but I figured the best way to get a somewhat scientific/medical answer is to ask:

Is medical marijuana prescribed for the relief of anxiety disorders?  I know it's used for depression.  

I appreciate you, Ents. 




 I've got anxiety, but thankfully my Zoloft keeps it pretty much under control.  

Friday night was hell for me, though.  I took a nap after dinner and woke up to what I thought was an immediate panic attack.  Rapid heart rate, the urge to get up and move, and a feeling of uneasiness lasted for **3 hours.**  I was in hell, so i had my husband take me to a non-hospital ER.  I was diagnosed as severely dehydrated, hooked up to an IV, and began to feel a little better.  Then the doctor finds what he thinks is a bacterial middle ear infection.

So I've been dizzy and my slight fever hasn't gone away even with antibiotics.  I went back to a regular doctor today.  She says I have a viral inner ear infection, explaining my dizziness and my fever being unresponsive to antibiotics. She gave me an EKG to see how my heart's doing, and just noticed a slight raise in HR (108 bpm), which usually happens to me when I'm sick or in pain.  

I've still been having very mild anxiety spells, though, followed by 30 minutes of me obsessively checking my pulse every 4 minutes or so.  Probably doesn't help the situation.  Does anyone know if this can be caused by the dizziness I'm experiencing?  Also, I've been having panic spells lasting about 3 minutes after I wake up, and I can't stay asleep for more than 90 minutes at a time.  My doctor couldn't explain this but I just wanted to see if anyone else has experienced this.

TL;DR - Inner ear infection causing dizziness, had mild panic spells (lasting max 30 seconds) since ER visit on Friday.  Mild panic spells for 3-5 minutes after waking.  Anyone else experienced this before? 




 I'll start this out by saying I'm not suicidal, nor have I ever been truly suicidal.  To be honest, I have a pretty good life.  I have a job with a major energy corporation, albeit a contract position.  I got married a week and a half ago to a wonderful supportive man who adores me. We adopted a kitten a few weeks ago.  

But my fucking job.  I loathe it.  I'm basically a data entry drone.  They're gradually giving me more responsibilities, but they haven't given any hints that I'll be offered a full time (salaried) position.  I'm an incredibly efficient worker and I finish my work pretty quickly (unintentionally).  When I finish my work, I'm sent home.  I fucking hate it, because as a newlywed and someone with student loans, I CANT AFFORD TO BE SENT HOME.  But I also can't slow down my work speed, I already have tried and realized I just can't.  

I don't want to go to a job where I have to interact with people.  I want to work from home.  I have incredible potential and know that I should be doing more with my life but by not getting an internship in college I royally screwed myself and am stuck at a soul-sucking job day in and day out, where my contract could end any day.

Not to mention I have had migraines the past couple months, and have missed more work than I should.  I got a talking to by my boss last week about it.  But yesterday she decided to come in hacking up a lung and now I'm feeling feverish.  It's just a shit ball rolling down shit hill and I just want to be out.

I'm sure most of us know what the job market is like right now; it's nearly impossible to find a job with limited experience.  This is my first professional job and I've only been there 3 1/2 months but I want something new.  

I don't know where I'm going with this... I just want a new job.  I want to work from home.

TL;DR: I'm too efficient at my job. I've been sick quite a bit recently and my boss just got me sick again, but I can't afford to miss work.  I want a more rewarding job, or to work from home, but the job market sucks.  My life is going well but I just feel like this job is sucking the life out of me. 




 I have generalized anxiety disorder and when I'm particularly nervous I seem to have trichotillomanic tendencies and pick at the tails of my eyebrows.  I'm getting married on Saturday so currently my eyebrows are sparse and my makeup artist will have to do some miracle eyebrow work.

We all know about the biting nails, chewing lips/cheeks, playing with hair... what about the weird things? 









 I've been working with data entry for the past 3 months.  I liked it, then I started getting more responsibilities, involving dealing with billing depts of other companies.  I am a nervous wreck when I'm on the phone with someone I don't know and it takes me about 10 minutes to write an email that should have taken 30 seconds to compose.  

I need tips on dealing with this business anxiety.  I can't be successful in the business sector if I'm like this forever. 









 Did you go out to eat? What did you eat? Was Valentine's a cheat day for you?

I started my festivities the night before, where my grandmother gave me a bag of mini-Snickers(curse you, grams!).  I had 4 over the course of a day, enough to kick me out of ketosis.  But I powered through after that without another cheat.

I fasted all day because of that then for dinner my fiance and I made [green chili and jack chicken](http://www.genaw.com/lowcarb/green_chile_jack_chicken.html), [fried "rice,"](http://www.genaw.com/lowcarb/fried_rice.html) and [low carb brownies](http://www.genaw.com/lowcarb/brownies.html).  

If you miss fried rice, you need to try that recipe for low carb fried rice.  It's amazingly delicious and so easy.

 









 I was prescribed metformin a couple years ago. The first time I tried taking it I had unpleasant digestive issues. My doctor promised me that I would lose weight, but I couldn't bear those side effects. I restarted keto on Tuesday and started Metformin again simultaneously. Not only do I not have keto flu or the digestive issues, I don't crave carbs. Last time I tried keto the cravings were way too strong and it was taking a toll on my stress levels. 

I last weighed myself on Sunday and I was 200.4. I weighed this morning and I'm already down to 196.8! I have never lost weight that fast before, even when I tried keto in November. 

I implore you to take your Metformin. I know the pills are big, chalky, and disgusting if you don't swallow them fast enough. But those side effects I can handle and are worth the increased rate of weight loss.  














 I hope I'm using those terms correctly...

Salaam!  Let me just start by saying I think Islam is a beautiful religion and I consider Muslims to be my religious cousins ( [borrowing from the familial relationship spoken of Christians in Scripture](http://www.openbible.info/topics/brothers_and_sisters_in_christ) ).  

Could someone explain why veils are worn? Would it be comparable to a Christian wearing a cross necklace, as an outward sign of devotion to God? 

There isn't much about this topic in the Bible except in the Pentateuch (Genesis-Deuteronomy) and an exerpt in [1 Corinthians 11](http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=1%20corinthians%2011:2-16 version=ESV).  The verses in the Pentateuch are dismissed as ancient Israelite traditions that were done away with after the resurrection of Christ.  The 1 Corinthians excerpt is usually boiled down to 1st century Roman society, where a married woman always had her hair covered as a symbol of devotion to her husband.  A married woman who had her hair uncovered (or down) in public was seen as dishonoring her husband by acting like an unmarried woman.

I'm assuming the reasoning for wearing veils has nothing to do with honoring one's husband, as there were a few girls in hijabs at my middle school.  This leads me to believe it's an outward sign of devotion and honor to God (Allah).

Thank you for your help!  




 We've all seen the threads asking about good Christian music.  Something my friend and I love to do is recall really bad Christian music from our childhood and laugh about how cheesy it is.

Some examples:

[Mary, Did You Know? by Mark Lowry](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0WIJw8JVeU)

[Screen Door by Rich Mullins](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EcvBsNcIzu4)

[Creed by Petra](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H1bofa9mQa0)

We also laugh about Butterfly Kisses.   




 **And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love.**

I guess it never struck me before, but this verse is saying love trumps even faith itself.  Faith is on what so many Christians nowadays rely.  I can't tell you how many times I've read 1 Cor 13 and for some reason, today, this jumped out at me.   
























 I didn't until I got pregnant. But it was so minor I didn't notice it. Just went into the ER for heart rate not going down and they found it.  




 Going the other way as someone currently pregnant: stillbirth.  




 Same here. I'm on modified bed rest for hypertension and I'm supposed to take it easy. Doctor said no sex would be best route, and my husband misses the sex and intimacy so much. I got him a flesh light as sort of an "I'm sorry" and improvise using that.  




 I'm 3/4 of the way done with a crochet baby blanket :) just took time off from it this weekend which was a mistake. I'll crochet for 6 hours one day then won't crochet again for 3 days due to being burned out on it. 




 Bed rest is exhausting. I think I'm getting depressed. Going to make a quick trip to Michael's today to get crafty stuff to distract me (thank god for modified bed rest).  

Sleep has gotten worse. Waking up every 90 minutes except from 4-8 where I actually get sleep.  




 Ugh yesss. A friend of mine from high school has gone super granola with her baby, talking about essential oils and posting articles shaming those who don't breastfeed, including one similar to the one you talk about.  I wanted to point out that her 17 month old has missed almost every developmental milestone to date. But I keep my mouth shut. I wasn't breastfed either.  




 A few years ago my 30 year old sister asked me what a dildo is after we went to go see a performance of Rent.  




 Yeah there's no solid proof that nipple confusion even exists.  




 No, it's a completely separate load since they have feces and urine on them. Some people wash them in hot water which you can't do for normal laundry.   




 As does the laundering of cloth diapers. Carbon dioxide output is roughly the same.  




 While I agree with you on every other point, the environmental impact has been widely debated.  So from a frugality point, yes cloth are more cost effective.  But environmentally the jury is still out when you take into account the laundering of the diapers.  Most say they have the same effect on the environment:

Keeping a child clad in home-laundered cloth diapers for 2.5 years emitted 1,232 pounds of carbon dioxide equivalent, vs. 1,380 pounds for disposable diapers. [Source](http://webarchive.nationalarchives.gov.uk/20140328084622/http://www.environment-agency.gov.uk/commondata/acrobat/nappies_1072099.pdf) 




 That's borderline. Since your BP went down I would just take it easy. I had a positive dipstick pee test and BP of 140/90. Sent to hospital and all the labs (blood and urine) came back normal. Doctor out me on bedrest for pregnancy hypertension. 

Just take it easy. Elevate your feet. Be off your feet as much as possible. And good luck from a fellow Houstonian :) 




 Same with my husband. Getting him out of bed is pretty frustrating.  




 Bought my baby shower dress today.  I also, at 35 weeks, bought my first pairs of maternity yoga pants.  Why did I not buy these sooner!? 




 Congrats! I also have PCOS and was on a LOT of progesterone my first trimester. Here I am at 34 weeks. Just keep trucking, this community is awesome :) 




 34 weeks here too. Pissing makes me mad because it feels like I have to go so bad but only a trickle comes out.  




 Normal unless accompanied by bleeding! Your uterus is growing, no need to worry :) 




 You're in the best place you can be! Medical professionals can help with whatever is going on, they are highly educated and are prepared for whatever happens. Just breathe deep, and try to reassure yourself they are going to do everything they can to help you and little one. Worrying will not change the outcome and the stress of worrying isn't good for you or baby.  




 At the interview for my current position I was asked this in a two part question: "How much do you currently make and what are you looking to make here?"  My answer:  "I will not answer the first part of that question, but my salary requirement is $X"

Got the job. 




 Aww my cat has been doing this to me lately too. 




 Where are you from and what are you expecting? Good food? Drunken night of debauchery? Line dancing? Houston has tons of things to give for any kind of good time wanted but we need a few more details.  




 I'll keep you in my prayers. I have medical related anxiety too, getting my gallbladder out was hell. But you have to remember that your panic is doing nothing to change the future situation. Just breathe deep and if you find yourself panicking, just think "I'm fine, I will be fine".  Try distracting yourself with a smartphone game or something while you're waiting.  




 There's a guy who has been filming his "prank" of putting his hands on random girls' asses in public. Sexual harassment disguised as an asshole pulling a prank. Disgusting.  




 Underoath 




 Negotiating my current salary when I was in the interview process.  I don't have a prestigious job or anything, but probably make more than 90% of others in my field. 




 No more pregnancy brain.  Not much to really think about on bed rest.

Great news, this week my BP has been right around 115/83 every day! Looks like bed rest is working for the hypertension :) 




 That's my snack too! Had one at 3:30 this morning.  




 Similarly, anxiety. I was always a worry wart but never classified myself as having anxiety until I started having chronic panic attacks out of nowhere where I was convinced I was dying 3-7 times a week or more.  




 This describes on of my friends to a T.  She has 90k in student loans, is constantly getting collection calls and ignores them.  She makes a decent wage, but had to live in the trendy part of town instead of living with her parents rent free.  She goes out 3-5 nights a week ("happy hour, it's cheaper!") and is a brand whore.  Always has her YSL bracelet on, tags her instagram pictures with #armani or whatever brand she is wearing.  

Poor girl tries to talk about eventually buying a house in the next few years, but I'd be willing to bet everything I own that her credit is in the shitter. 




 I have suffered from anxiety and depression for the last 4 year or so.  I tried to get off my antidepressants, but I was so stressed that it was having a negative effect on my health.  

One thing my psychiatrist says can really help avoid PPD is getting 6 hours of sleep a night after baby arrives.  Obviously this may not be possible for everyone, but if you can, have your SO or someone be on baby duty for as long as possible per day.  

Also, anti-depressants are not the end of the world.  I'm on Prozac now at 34 weeks and will be on it after I give birth, too.  If I can't BF on it, my mental well being is much more important for baby than breast milk.   




 One newborn outfit with a onesie, hoodie, and pants (because Oct/Nov in Houston the weather can be anything), a couple of 0-3 onesies in case he's a biggun, and a couple of extra NB onesies and a blanket. 




 Only on a once-in-a-while basis according to my doctor.  She says it does the same as a benzo if you use it sparingly.   




 Every damn time.  "I really hope this isn't the baby I'm pushing out" even though I know it's mostly an irrational thought. 




 Yup.  Engineering major? Apply to jobs in Houston, you'll get a job.  I don't know one person with an Engineering degree who didn't have a job 2 months out of college (at the very latest)

 




 No swelling.  But by the feel of the pain I was surprised to look down and see no swelling at all.  It feels like pressure.  But I've noticed throughout today while crocheting and sitting around that I get it in both feet, and my hands occasionally.  I think it's just poor circulation probably due to the positions I sit in. 




 Yup.  My smell changed with the onslaught of increased discharge.  I lovingly call it "swamp crotch" 




 Relaxing... Yeah I figure if it gets to the point where I can't stop thinking about it I'll call my insurance's nurse's line.  Thank you so much :) 




 You're right.  It's mostly gone and when it's here it's only noticeable for a few minutes, not even enough though to be a hindrance to my walking or anything.   




 Recently I was diagnosed with pregnancy hypertension.  My BP is fine now that I'm on modified bed rest, but ever since that happened I'm hyper aware of every ache and pain.  I'm sitting more than I'm up but I still might be up for a while each day to make sure I'm moving.

Yesterday for about 5 minutes I had a weird, not-severe pain in my left foot.  No swelling, but it felt like it was a swelling pain.  Pressure pain, tight, squeezing.  I've heard about DVT and one foot swelling.  I was told that because I'm on modified bed rest I shouldn't experience any swelling.  

The pain has only happened again once since yesterday, for less time and less severe.  I'm just concerned I'm asking my OB too many questions about stuff, like every minor ache and pain.

Should I call a nurse's line instead?  Should I just wait and see if the pain gets to be more severe?  My OB practice is one doctor and one nurse, very small, and pretty busy.   They're actually not even open today due to a birth.   




 May your pregnancy be completely boring and easy!  




 Yup, my brain is basically Gir.  I miss that show.  Maybe I should do another watch through since I have 6 more weeks of this.  

 




 Not to mention if you have them at an earlier (yet responsible) time, they're out sooner.  My first (and only) will be here in a month or so and he'll be in college (hopefully) by the time I'm 45.  Sounds pretty good to me. 




 Mine was taken away at 3 weeks due to mom's milk being dried up.  Our cat is... special.  Nothing too bad, but constantly kneading a blanket we have, occasional yowling in the middle of the night. 




 We are entirely split because we disagree about rules interpretations.

Sounds like Christianity.  Denominations of mods. 




 Congrats and welcome!   I also have GAD, though haven't had the NICU experience.   




 34 weeks pregnant, on bed rest for hypertension, and our bank account is frozen due to fraud warning.  A new delicious taco place opened a mile from us and I'm stuck in here watching Netflix forever. 




 I wish foil worked for ours. They just lay down on top of it. But we got a bassinet that vibrates, and that freaks them out. So any time they jump in I just hit the button.  




 A baby.  Currently 34 weeks pregnant. 




 Currently pregnant (34 weeks) and on low dose Prozac.  I had been weaned off Celexa by the 3rd month of my pregnancy, but my panic attacks came back very strongly so I was put on low dose Prozac to help.  I'm not concerned, though.  Stress on my body with constant panic isn't good for baby, and my doctors ultimately decided that the slight risk was ok.  Plus this study doesn't seem to be very reliable anyways. 




 It's spinal fluid equalizing. Perfectly normal. 




 It's spinal fluid equalizing.  Perfectly normal. 




 Laganja was the one person I was thinking when she was explaining Poor Me. Poor Laganja.  




 They will either bring in lunch or release you to get your own lunch.  




 July 17th. She came back into town for the Lady Gaga concert. She will be back October 4th. I don't have many friends and the only one I consider a close friend moved away in March. 




 Thank you. So many people in this thread saying how dangerous a loaded gun is and how it's a deal breaker simply bc it's loaded. A home intruder isn't going to wait for you to load your gun. If the weapon is for home defense it should be loaded. 




 A home intruder won't wait for you to load your gun. If the firearm is for home protection, it should be loaded with the safety on.  




 He's so cute! And you are super mama for that graduation story! Way to go! 




 Chips   queso

Apple pie

I just want to live off these things  




 I've never had a clot or period blood come out in the shower. I guess I'm weird.  




 It was ok!  135/85.  Not great, but I was nervous walking into Kroger to get it checked and power-walked in there :) 




 Since it's a seminar, there are usually breaks.  You won't be the only one who is there alone, people may try to talk to you.  Just make small talk, maybe you'll find someone who shares an interest in things you like.  There will be a break for lunch.

I **highly** doubt they will call each of you by name.  You may need to wear a name tag.  They just need your information to confirm attendance.  

They will probably have different speakers to speak about different sub-topics of the seminar.  There may be 90 minute sessions with small breaks in between.  Usually questions should be saved for the end of each session if the floor is opened for questions.

Your anxiety will do nothing to make the experience better.  It'll do the opposite.  If you find yourself getting anxious, just take deep breaths through it for as long as it takes for you to settle down. 




 Thanks!  I'll be going in about 15 minutes to check.  I'm feeling a lot better after a good night's sleep though.  I'll edit to update :) 




 How exciting! Good luck, mama! Take it easy until then :) 




 33+6 today. Still on modified bed rest for blood pressure. Broke my bed rest yesterday due to restlessness and I definitely shouldn't have. Doctor's appointment Monday and I have a feeling I'll be sent back to the hospital for another NST if not more. May drop by CVS at 8am to test blood pressure due to headaches.  If it's too bad I'll have to go to L D :(

EDIT: BP was 135/85 and that was with me being nervous as shit!  Gonna continue bed rest. 




 Awful.  




 They recently opened a DD about a mile from me. To me their donuts taste like satan's anus compared to Shipley's.  




 It's a shame Shipley's isn't a nationwide chain.  Krispy Kreme is okay, but any other donut has been tainted because a Shipley's donut is so delicious. 




 As a fellow nervous nellie who is far along in pregnancy:

STOP.  Stop taking your temperature.  Don't google every little symptom you have.  If you feel like something really isn't right, call your OB.  Otherwise you're most likely fine.  Worrying about it won't do anything to make it better, and your body needs to be as stress free as possible.  Just relax, it's going to be one hell of a ride from here on out :)

If you are getting nervous and ever need someone to talk to, PM me. 




 The only reason I can see these rules being there is to protect the technician.  I'm sure the technician can recognize things, but they can't officially give you any information that might lead you to a diagnosis since they are not a nurse or a doctor.  They are simply there to take pictures.  

I've honestly only had one ultrasound done by an actual technician with no doctor in the room, and that was before I was even pregnant, to diagnose gallstones.   




 Pappsitos fajitas are like crack. 




 Sons of Anarchy. Just finished House last week.  




 Similarly, PCOS. Women with PCOS usually have very irregular periods, sometimes going months without them.  




 Not cooking much due to bed rest. New taco place opened up nearby that I am so excited about. Will probably have husband go pick some up for me with chips and queso for lunch.  




 I'm on bed rest for pregnancy. I've crocheted for 2 hours today and binge watched Sons of Anarchy. All I want is wine and sushi.  I ordered delivery sushi (cooked) but for some reason the credit card didn't go through despite it working everywhere else. All I wanted was a shaggy dog roll. So I made a pb j and am now just counting down the time until I can go to sleep.  




 Today's my birthday. I had an appointment with my OB where my urine showed +1 for protein and BP was 140/75. Went to L D triage to be monitored. Everything showed perfect, lab results were perfect. 

Doctor decided to put me on modified bed rest anyways. So now I'm off work until I recover from delivery.  No exercising, no working, no heavy cleaning at home.  I can stand up, walk around and do stuff. 

This sucks. I'm such an antsy person. I can't stand being home for very long. I have stuff I can learn and work on while I'm at home, it just sucks. Thankfully there isn't a financial burden. And my husband works from home so I have company and help nesting. 

Guess I'll learn some VBA, crochet, work on the baby book, plan meals for my husband to cook, and feel my baby move a lot. 

Anyone else on bedrest? How do you stay sane??? 









 For the last 3 weeks or so my outer ladybits have felt really sore. I'm currently 32 weeks, and it seems to happen mostly when I'm getting up or walking around.  It's like they've been bruised or something. Ultrasound confirmed last week that baby is now head down (was breech before), so I figure that may be a part of it. But my cervix and inner lady parts don't hurt. 

Anyone else feeling this? 




 The gist of it is this: husband notices I am snoring a lot in first trimester. Noticed one bout of apnea. Snoring continued into second trimester. I went to sleep doctor, did a home sleep test, results inconclusive and they didn't push my insurance to do a lab sleep test. Then the sleep tech at that sleep lab got really creepy, started sending me my results, pics of his son, and other creepy stuff. I reported him and made an appointment with a new doctor. 

I'm not gonna dance around it. I'm obese. But for the last month or so my snoring has completely gone away. No bouts of apnea that my husband has noticed. I have so much more energy lately, and all my leg movements during sleep are virtually gone. 

The new doctor got authorization for an in-lab sleep test, and the lab is super nice. But my anxiety has been up lately and I'm a little terrified to be away from my husband, hooked up to a ton of machines. 

What would you do if you were in my position? Go through with it? Or just cancel it since a majority of the symptoms are now gone? 




 So I went to the ER earlier this week for dehydration.  I have been drinking at least 3.5L of water per day, monitoring my urine to make sure it's light yellow.  But therein lies the problem.

My pee is either dark yellow or almost crystal clear.  My nurse yesterday at my OB even kept remarking about how my pee was almost clear.  I can't seem to get to that proper light yellow color that I keep hearing about.  I've been drinking one Powerade Zero daily (or using a nuun tablet) to get my electrolytes.  No swelling.

Is urine that's almost clear ok? 




 I was having such great success on Celexa, but due to baby being dependent and it messing up my chances of breastfeeding, I weaned off of it.  Everything was going really well for 2 months, but this last week has been hell.

I'm terrified of dying during childbirth.  I've looked up statistics and am just convinced I'm going to draw the short straw.  I'm already 28 weeks along, so I'm going to have to birth this baby no matter what.  It really doesn't help that my husband has the same fear, it just affects his life less than mine does.  He knows someone who almost died during childbirth so that is what drives his fear.

I'm giving birth at a branch of one of the top hospitals in the country.  The city I live in has the best medical center in the world.   Yet here I am, still panicking.

Any moms out there?  Can you help me out?  I'm going back to my therapist in a couple of weeks, but I need temporary sanity. 




 I had been suffering for months, basically since I got pregnant.  I tried everything but nothing really helped me get back to normal until I gave in to my very granola friend:

If you're consistently constipated, try **kefir**, seriously.  It tastes like ass but I swear I was backed up 2 days ago and now my body is like "oh yeah, let's do this!"

I got the kid's kind because I'm not a fan of fermented things.  One tiny bottle of it 2 days ago and my body is happy again.  It's like birds are singing.  I can get it at most grocery stores in my area.  Whole Foods has the most variety. 

What other remedies do you ladies have? 




 21 weeks today and I can honestly say I've never been this exhausted in my life.  I work a desk job and have a hard time keeping my eyes open.  I slept 15 hours yesterday and 12 the day before.  

Could this be a sign of GD?  I get exceptionally tired after I have any carbs, which I'm very aware of from doing keto before getting pregnant.  I have had insulin resistance for the last 8 years.

I drink diet cokes for the caffeine, but they don't do much.  Coffee makes me jittery and anxious so I tend to stay away from it.  I did just finish weaning off my Celexa, maybe that has a hand in all of this.

On top of everything I ruined 90% of my maternity wardrobe from leaving a tube of lipstick in my jeans and then drying them with my maternity tops.  I just want to run home screaming and crawl into bed for the next 19 weeks.

HELP.

Edit: OK I'm so thankful to see it's not just me.  For those future mamas who work on your feet, you deserve a parade. I can barely make it through the day just sitting at my desk. 









 I'm 18 weeks pregnant and because of my growing uterus underneath, my stomach is being pushed out.  I was about 213 before getting pregnant, and I've never had a belly, it's usually flatter (my weight carried in my butt, legs, and thighs).  Now that my baby bump is being pushed out, it just looks like I have a beer belly and it jiggles when I walk :(  

Does this ever firm up or will my belly jiggle all throughout pregnancy? 




 Anyone else experience very light sleeping?  My baby isn't waking me up, nor is my bladder. I just can't sleep more than 45 minutes at a time. 

I thought it was my husband's snoring that was waking me up but it happens no matter where I sleep. 

I get some relief with Benadryl but I would rather not take it every night. Any suggestions? 




 BOY!!! All the old wives tales pointed to boy. Husband is so happy, he's a little afraid of girls. 

Baby boy was NOT cooperating at the ultrasound. Took orange juice and rolling around and poking him with the wand to get him to move the umbilical cord to give us a peek. 

So happy!!! 




 See below. Bolded e's in a TIL post ~~and a cyrillic(?) letter replacing an A in a gif post title~~

http://i.imgur.com/Qj3AyaM.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/R9ZyTbH.jpg 




 Dreamt about donuts last night.  Went to Shipley's as soon as I was awake and they were open (at 6:45) and got a huge cinnamon twist, 12 donut holes, and a sausage   cheese kolache.  Was it worth it? I'll say yes now before the sugar crash happens and I'm back asleep at 8:30. 

 




 So I was seeing a reproductive endocrinologist until 11 weeks who did ultrasounds every week.  I was then transferred to the OB of my choice, and I admit I didn't do a lot of research.  My current OB is well-established, has a lot of experience, but no ultrasounds in-office and doesn't send me off for another ultrasound until I'm 20 weeks.

I want to find out more information about my fetus before then.  Should I change to another OB?  The only issue I've had so far with my pregnancy is low progesterone which was monitored and treated until 11 weeks. 




 I'm 13+3 today. Woke up this morning with a little bump and some pain underneath the bump. I've been sleeping on my back. Is it time to start sleeping on my side, or is this pain unavoidable?

Also, when did you buy your pregnancy pillows?  




 Most people here in the first trimester say they're not "out of the water just yet" in regards to their pregnancy. 

Is there a time where you go "whew... This is really happening?" I figure mine will be 24 weeks, viability day. Is there a time before then that you feel the enormous worry weight lifted off your shoulders?

I'm 13 weeks today. I feel the worry lessening as time goes by but I don't think it will completely disappear until I hear that baby cry for the first time  




 Back story:  Husband and I make decent money, enough to handle a car note.  So I decided last July to trade in my 2003 Corolla and buy a brand new 2013 Prius C for $25k when I still have $30k in student loans to pay off.  

Come February and... surprise! I'm pregnant.  My husband and I want to pay off our debt and buy a house.  I figure one of the quicker ways to do this is to trade in my car and get something older.  

Still owe $21k on the car, trade in value research shows anywhere from 14k - 19k.  I financed through the dealer who then sold my loan to Fifth Third Bank, which doesn't operate in Texas (where I am).

I have no idea what I'm doing.  I don't even know if it's worth it to trade in for an $8-10k car just to still have to pay on my original car loan.   


Edit: thanks for your input! I will be keeping the car, especially since the fuel savings partly make up for the car note. The payment isn't destroying us at all, we still make enough to build up an emergency fund and pay off our debt faster than paying the minimum.  




 HELP!!!

I have PCOS with insulin resistance.  Before getting pregnant I was doing the keto diet, but now I can't keep anything down but carbs.  I'm bloating like crazy, already gained 12-15 pounds (depending on the day).  My GP and OB are both telling me to take it easy with the carbs, but I can't keep anything else down.  Eating mainly protein and fats make me really queasy and I eventually throw up everything.  I've been surviving on cereal, sandwiches, fruit, and crackers but I can't stop gaining weight.  

I'm well aware I'm probably eating too many calories, but with the IR carbs make me hungry....

Anyone have any suggestions?  I've tried nuts, eggs, salads, etc...  I just can't seem to stop eating, and it's all carbs. 




 I've been seeing an RE since I found out I was pregnant.  At around 6 weeks my progesterone levels were 10-13 so I was put on supplementation just to make sure.  Since then, everything has looked great.  Ultrasounds look textbook, HCG rising perfectly, Estradiol in the right levels.

I was taken off my progesterone supplements last week at 10 weeks (when my levels were 26).  I was told the placenta should start taking over the production.

Went back in yesterday (at 11+3) and my levels were at a 10.1.  I'm terrified.  What if my placenta doesn't take over production enough?

And what's worse is I'm now in a phase where I'm not being overseen by any doctor.  Yesterday was my last day with the RE and I don't see my OB until Tuesday.  So I guess I'll be freaking out until Tuesday.

Any words of advice/encouragement?  I know that 10.1 is technically in the OK range for first trimester, but with the second trimester so close I'm worried I won't be up to 20 by then.  




 I just need to get this off my chest because I can't stop crying.

I almost hit a family today with my car, pregnant mother included.  I was waiting to back out, letting cars pass me in my tiny Prius C, struggling to look around the big truck parked next to me.  Finally a break in the cars passing, so I start to back out slowly.  Then I see a woman to my right looking terrified, so I stop and look around me and I see a man yelling at me.  I shrug, say "I'm so sorry!", look around me once more and keep backing up.  More yelling as I see a 30 week pregnant woman rushing to walk out of the way as I start to back out again.  Turns out she was in my huuuge blind spot (the corner of my car).  I start crying, yell "I'm so sorry" and finally back out and drive away.

Now I can't stop crying.  I can't be for sure I didn't tap someone with my car because I didn't get out and ask like I should have.  I'm trying to reassure myself that there wasn't frantic screaming as I was trying to pull away, just me getting the finger from the man and yelled at.  I also didn't feel anything as I was backing out.

Now I'm going to live in constant fear for the upcoming weeks that the police are going to show up at my door and haul me away.

Fuck my car's blind spot, fuck my apparently not thorough checking all my mirrors and windows.  At least for once I'm not trying to blame the family, though it did cross my mind for a second.

**EDIT** Thank you all SO MUCH.  I feel so much better.  Went and got my hair cut and have completely calmed down.  DH is even taking me out to dinner to help me feel better too.  Thanks for your kind words and support :) 




 I'm almost 11 weeks and even though I've seen the ultrasounds and my baby is healthy and growing, I don't feel any emotions. 

Husband is freaking out. Asks me "how does it not freak you out that you're growing a human in there??" It just doesn't. I've been hormonal and nauseated, but I don't feel like I've had that "aha" happy moment. 

Maybe when I find out the sex I will feel something? Anyone else have this? 




 So today I had an ultrasound at 6 weeks 1 day.  I've been getting them every week since I'm currently seeing a reproductive endocrinologist.  I went in today and saw the heartbeat!  I also got some blood taken and this is where my question comes from:

Two weeks ago I started Endometrin 100mg once daily.  My levels were at a 13.5 at last week's test.  Then I was upped to 100mg three times daily and I got my blood test back today and my levels went DOWN to 11.5!  I'm freaking out! My doctor hasn't called me yet but I'm so worried.

Anyone been in a similar situation? 




 I'm 6 weeks 1 day today and we saw the heartbeat!  Nurse said it just started in the last couple of days and it's a little overachiever. 

Excited!  Now hoping my bloodwork comes back showing the hormonal supplements are working. I feel like an emotional teenager. Like the world is out to get me or something! 




 I just need a place to vent:

I'm 5+4 today. My Endometrin dose got bumped to 3x daily.  Today was the first day I took 3 doses and I am so hormonal. I got chewed out for making a mistake on one of my 1000 tasks at work because my boss doesn't know how to listen despite my telling him I can't handle the workload. I broke down in front of him, and he's the kind of boss that sees it as weakness and doesn't care about the reasoning behind mistakes. He just wants a "I made a mistake and it won't happen again", and will flat out say he doesn't care about why it happened. 

Then I come home and I'm enjoying a nice evening with my tree-smoking husband. We eat dinner, watch tv, talk a little. About 90 minutes ago he left momentarily. I found out it was to eat an edible and 45 min later he is a different person. I don't mind the occasional bowl, but I hate when he eats them. He won't accept my thoughts that it makes him even more forgetful and ridiculous. He says he's the same as when he smokes, which he isn't. 


So now I'm laying in bed crying while he cooks and stinks up the house to satiate his stupid munchies. I'm pretty sure I've cried for a total of 4 hours today. 

So that's it. Fuck hormones. I'm popping a Benadryl and going to sleep. 

If you made it this far, thanks for reading.  




 Hi /r/babybumps!  I got the confirmation yesterday that I am pregnant for the first time ever at 4 weeks exactly!  I was due to start Femera and trigger shot at the start of my next cycle but it never came :D

I have PCOS so I'm cautiously optimistic, though my hormone levels are very well managed with diet and Metformin.  I've been put on Endometrin (progesterone suppository) and Estradiol (estrogen supplement) to make sure everything progresses well in the first trimester.

I just can't let myself be fully happy about this, though.  No matter if it's a pregnancy or something else, I can never let myself get my hopes up.  I'm afraid if I do, they will be dashed and everything will go wrong.

But for now I'm cautiously optimistic and happy.  Due around November 2!  Only told immediate family, best friends, work HR, and YOU.  

More bloodwork tomorrow to see if the supplements are doing what they need to be doing, then an ultrasound next week!!! 




 I've been getting suuuper faint positives for the last few days. Got blood test done yesterday and my levels are:

Hcg: 9.11
Prog: 8.23
Estradiol: 90.5


Comparing these to the levels in September (1.5 years off bc)

Hcg: 1.00
Prog: 0.516
Estradiol: 20

Going in for a retest on Monday! I'm nervous about CP or MC since I have PCOS, but my doc said my hormone levels are good and stable, nothing is way off thanks to keto and metformin. 


MAYBE BABY. SO EXCITED.  




 DH and I are 26.

We have been off birth control since May 2012.  We've had all the tests done.  I have PCOS and hypothyroidism but have regular cycles. Doctor says I'm probably just not ovulating.

After getting all the necessary tests done, I met with my reproductive endocrinologist and he suggested Femera with an injection to force ovulation since my numbers look good. He doesn't want to risk Clomid giving me a Kate Gosselin-like situation.

A little disappointed with the price for ultrasounds/labs for my Femera + injection cycle.  We have the money, but we are saving for a house and the payment would set us back almost a month in savings.

I took OPKs this month and they were positive. Hopefully I'm pregnant now, I'm 10DPO and took a test this afternoon.  Faintest line, can't tell if it's an evap line or not.  I drink a shit ton of water so I figure unless it's the first pee of the day, I won't be getting an accurate result.  Bought a FRER for the day AF is due and ClearBlue Digital for a day or two after that.  Dollar store tests until then, because I'm an obsessive tester.

Thanks for reading! 




 I left the precise numbers at work since I talked to a broker at lunch, but I remember the general gist.  Also, I've read PF's opinion on FHA loans, but bear with me here.

Husband and I are currently spending $1125/month on rent.  We know how much expense goes into buying a house after talking to multiple homeowner family members, but we just have dreams of owning a house and being able to save a little bit more money.  We were originally thinking of a single family home, but after finding out the information below, have been considering a townhome.

We were told that for a $120,000 house in our area, our entire monthly payment will be $1114 at 4.75% interest (a slightly high estimate). 

$600+ for principal and interest

$250+ for taxes (not sure what taxes these are)

$120+ for PMI

$100+ for HOI.

I just wanted to know if this VERY ROUGH estimate is accurate for a FHA loan at 3.5% down payment.  Granted we will most likely be going for a 7.5% down payment in a conventional loan, but my husband's frustrated because he seems to have been wrongly estimating for the last year or so of dreaming of home-owning. 




 Not gonna lie, I've been on and off the keto train since New Years.  I've only gained 3 lbs back, since I'm in the gym and lifting 3x/week and walking a lot more since the New Year

I'm just finding it hard to get back into the groove of things.  I lost my original motivation and I don't know why.  I'm prepping for a meal plan tomorrow for this next week so I don't go off at all.  

I just need some help and I figured this thread might help others who are finding it difficult to stay motivated. 




 Hello everyone!

Not sure what to say on here.  Been lurking for a month or so.  Have been getting more serious about makeup, but still keep my routine to about 10 minutes maximum.  Working on techniques, especially for eyebrows.  

I'm 26 years old, married with 2 cats, working in oil and gas IT departments.  Other than makeup I like to doodle (zentangles), occasionally crochet, read, and spend time in the city since I'm currently stuck in the suburbs.  

That's about it!   














 I see pictures online and tutorials of ladies who do this, but I feel like my lips are so defined (even towards the corners) that if it goes outside my natural lip line, it looks unnatural and messy

Is it just one of those things that's not for everyone? 









 If this belongs in another subreddit please let me know.  I don't think I'm breaking any rules by asking this here.

I've been using some of the online "try on a hairstyle" things.  I can't decide if I like how they look or not.  I'm chubby and I have a round face, though it has slimmed down significantly since the start of my weight loss.  

My husband says I need a pointier face to pull off short haircuts. Can any of you with more experience and less personal bias help me? 

Current hair (no styling, just washed and air dried): http://imgur.com/WAZNn48

Album of "try ons" (hair would still be brown): http://imgur.com/a/dbQYm

Any feedback would be appreciated.  

I know these aren't the best representations, but it's honestly the best I could do with these types of programs.   




 I hope it's ok to x-post!

[album](http://imgur.com/a/wErK2)

SW: 229 CW: 216 GW: 155

I got really discouraged last night because the scale has only moved 13 lbs in the last 2.5 months, so I took another progress picture and compared from my first week. I chalked my lack of scale progress to my PCOS and hypothyroidism (both medicated), but seeing the small changes I've made makes me want to keep going!
Down 1.5 sizes in the pants, shirts are getting a little looser.  Lifting progress is slow, but what I see is a pretty big difference!

Don't be discouraged!

Lifting schedule is:

Monday/Thursday: Upper Body

Tuesday/Friday: Lower Body

Upper Body: Bench, tricep pushdown with rope attachment, face pulls with rope (not sure of technical name for this), bicep curls, shoulder press, lat pulldown

Lower body: Leg press, squats, deadlifts, calf raises, lunges, adduction machine, abduction machine

Wednesday and the weekends are rest or cardio days depending on how I feel.  Eating around 1800 calories/day, never going over 24 g carbs. 




 [album](http://imgur.com/a/wErK2)

I got really discouraged last night because the scale has only moved 13 lbs in the last 2.5 months, so I took another progress picture and compared from my first week.  I chalked my lack of scale progress to my PCOS and hypothyroidism (both medicated), but seeing the small changes I've made makes me want to keep going!

Down 1.5 sizes in the pants, shirts are getting a little looser. Don't be discouraged!  




 I'm currently on W6D2 of a modified C25K called Run 5K (iPhone app).

I usually run around my apartment complex, that way if I start to have a panic attack I can just go back upstairs and relax.  But I've got a race coming up on Thanksgiving.  

I'm well aware that exercise releases endorphins and can make it better, which it seems to about half the time.  I've gotten through all my runs except one without an incident.  

I'd just like to hear experiences  of others with anxiety on this program and with their 5k.  I'm running with a friend and her mom, but they're both faster than I am.  I'm slow as molasses so I'll most likely be alone for the race. 




 Even if you're not done yet, it'd be nice to hear others' experiences.  I've been on keto for about a month now and no matter what I do, I cannot get below 220lbs. Right now I'd just like to hear others' experiences. 




 My husband came up with this to satisfy a craving earlier this week.  I was planning on making keto pumpkin pie, so we had a can of pureed pumpkin. This is what he did:

**Ingredients**

1/2 cup pureed pumpkin

.5 tbsp pumpkin pie spice

1-2 packets splenda

Whipped Cream

**Instructions**

Mix the first 3 ingredients. Taste to see if it's sweet/spiced enough.  Nuke in the microwave for 30 seconds - 1 minute (optional).  Top with some whipped cream.  EAT.

It's super low calorie, *maybe* clocking in at 100 calories if you use canned whipped cream. You'll get a bit of the raw pumpkin twang that you lose when baking a pumpkin pie, but i find it's easy to ignore.  




 I have been missing margaritas something fierce.  I live in Texas and always got a big frozen one when I would go out to get Mexican food.  My mother-in-law found [these](http://www.zilchmixers.com/) at the liquor store and they are pretty good!  Nothing like a true margarita with sugary sweet sour mix, but they do nicely.  Just FYI for anyone else out there missing their margaritas.

 




 I need to fill my instagram with fit women.  I currently follow mankofit and yoga_girl, but I need more. Unfortunately google doesn't have many good results for this question 
























 Seriously, the waiting is the worst!!! My husband and I keep touching my belly saying "come on baby, time to make your appearance!!" But he just wriggles and gets comfortable. Grr. Gonna bust out some nipple stimulation soon! 




 Agreed. My psychiatrist, OB, and GP have all told me that my mental stability is more important to baby than breast milk. If I pop this kid out and breastfeeding just causes me to spiral, I'll gladly go to exclusive formula rather than risk my mental health.  




 Currently pregnant, I've always been told 24 weeks. But this is also from the date of my last period, not the ovulation date.  




 Benadryl. It's the only way I can fall asleep anymore. If I fall asleep on my own, it's at 3am after a night of tossing and turning which, at this point, is very painful. Then I wake up every 90 minutes to either pee or jab my husband bc he's snoring like crazy. Then it takes me 15+ minutes to fall back asleep.  




 I was on vaginal progesterone my first trimester and was given a bunch of applicators. Big flat white pill.  I guess it could be shoved up their with a finger? 




 Unless the daughter is trying to go to a school like Art Institute, then there's not really another major there that she could double major in that would be employable.   




 Metformin won't have any effect on whether or not you get GD according to doctor.  I was insulin resistant before pregnancy and didn't get GD.  PCOS and insulin resistance does increase your chances *a little* but taking Metformin won't prevent it.   




 I've never seen those sizes before, the sizes here are Preemie, Newborn, 0-3 mos, 3-6mos, etc...

I'm packing 8 outfits total for baby, 4 of each NB size and 0-3mos size in case baby doesn't fit into NB.  I'm far enough along that baby won't be preemie sized. 




 What my doctor said is that "Metformin helps women with PCOS get pregnant by balancing out the hormones and helping ovulation.  Once you're pregnant your body will take over after the placenta is formed."  

I took it until 6 weeks pregnant and then I was on progesterone supplementation because my progesterone was low.  All of my reproductive endocrinologist, general practitioner, and OB said to go off it.  Who am I to argue with all that education?

Just listen to your doctor/midwife, (s)he really does know best. 




 Amen to having PP help the first week.  I see so many women on here who are very adamant about being alone with SO and LO the first week.  I plan on calling my MIL as much as possible (since she offered as much help as I need) to get me into the groove of things.  I can't imagine not having help of some sort. 




 Yeah, I woke up in a panic after that one. 




 Well today we got word that we got approved for the rental house we applied for.  About 30 minutes after getting the news, I took a nap.  In my dream, my husband was sleeping in the guest room (with no marital issues) but the one caveat was that the owner of the house ran a boutique out of the guest room, so my husband had to be up and out of the room by 5:30am every day, which never happens.  So there was a big fight about that.

Then I had to participate in a karaoke contest, but the focus was on the lipstick color I decided to wear during my performance.  The judge/host was a tyrant and wouldn't let me choose my song and wouldn't tell me when I was going on stage.  I also couldn't find my favorite lipstick that looks awesome on me, so I started breaking down into tears, screaming at the woman about how unfair it was.

WTF brain...

Previous pregnancy dreams include:

Recurring dream of having to get a c-section, but the doctor can't get to the baby so they just sew me back up and shrug, saying "maybe next time!"

Giving birth, and within 2 hours my baby is driving a car (as a baby-sized human), talking, crawling, walking, etc...

Giving birth to a baby whose body, when swaddled, is the size shape of a baguette, but whose head is the size of a large olive.  Can't breast feed, I have to feed him with an eye dropper and he projectile vomits after every feeding.

Freaking terrifying. 




 Yess that sketch!!! "Amest I bovver-ed, forsooth?" 




 My mental health after my dad died while I was in college. My doctor had me on a high dose of zoloft and I was numb to most things but would break down and become really irrational. We were also in a LDR at the time. He told me recently that once he almost dropped me off after a weekend together and was going to call it off but he decided not to. The next week I started weaning off zoloft and things got dramatically better. Lower dose celexa works so much better for me anyways. 

Since we got married we've also struggled with a sudden jump in my anxiety but he's been such a trooper. I don't really deserve how wonderfully he treats me.  




 Sounds like round ligament pain. Totally normal.  




 My tactic is similar, only I lean as far back as I can while I'm on the toilet. Then when I'm done, I rock forward a little. That always seems to empty whatever is left in my bladder.  




 I was 215 before pregnancy. DH felt baby at around 28 weeks for the first time.  




 Probably not L D. Just call your OB when the office opens and ask. My mom said when she went into labor with me it felt like someone was poking a pencil into her cervix. So there's a possibility it could be something, but I highly doubt it.  




 Yay! I love reading stories like yours. My MIL is awesome too!  




 Roller suitcase for toiletries and clothes, camera bag for camera, my purse, and my husband's messenger bag for tablet, book, cards, etc 




 Cilantro. It's what I imagine satan's asshole tastes like.  




 Not a rant, but I started losing my mucus plug today (Sunday night)!! I still have a lot of clothes to wash and chest of drawers to organize and an apartment to clean. Grrrrr. Maybe I'll just put it off and get a manicure after my cervical check tomorrow.   




 I'm pretty religious and I would absolutely consider taking shrooms or acid in a very controlled environment. I suffer from anxiety and depression and am very curious about the effects of psychedelics on these mental conditions. 

I also know of one person who converted to a religion based on an experience he had while doing psychedelic drugs.  




 Another important thing: if you supplement with formula at all, make sure you do paced bottle feeding so they have to work just as hard for the formula as they do for breast milk.  Otherwise the baby may prefer the bottle because it's so much easier to feed than from the breast and they form a bottle preference. 




 Yup, I've been there before. This may sound cliche but it has helped me. When you start to get nervous, think "being anxious about this helps absolutely nothing. It is pointless and a waste of energy. Nothing bad is going to happen" and do your breathing. Breathe through it until it's over.  




 I know a mom of 3 young children who uses essential oils to treat things like strep throat. And one of her children was born with a heart defect. I'm so sick of seeing all the EO posts all over social media. EOs can be very dangerous, but people are sprinkling them everywhere for anything they can think of.  




 Not to mention Adore had given her permission to have that picture used on their web series. Did she give the ok expecting to be tooted?  




 Hmmm I never thought of it that way. Very true. Just sucks that the most obnoxious horns get the most attention.  




 Female here, who believes in gender equality:

Why not call it gender egalitarianism, then?  Feminism exists only to increase advantages of the female gender.  While I agree that in most aspects, men have the advantage, why aren't feminists trying to reduce the stigma attached with, say, male elementary teachers?  Or any male workers around children?  I've heard personal anecdotes of men being accused of being pedophiles for taking pictures of their daughters at public parks. If feminism was truly about gender equality, we would also hear more about certain inequalities that men face where women have the advantage and work to fix those things as well. 




 The problem is that the majority of the good cops have an idea of what the dirty cops are doing and don't do/say anything about it, because the repercussions can be career-ending.  There's just not enough accountability. 




 I'm so sick of hearing this one co-worker of mine bitch about any current music that isn't Muse, and how we're all sheeple for following the popular music trends and how his music preference is superior to everyone else's. 

 




 Yup, that's my Wii U.  Holding out for SSB. 




 Is sexual compatibility already determined before someone has sex?  If libido has been discussed before two virgins get married (like, how much each person thinks about sex) and it is determined they are a good match in that regard, there is still room for sexual incompatibility?  Learning about one's sexual identity with another person who is brand new to the game too can be a fun and exciting experience.

Not to mention the fact that sex may not have as much importance in a relationship as it does to you.   




 Do you know the cause of your attacks? Or does the adrenaline just flow with no thought causing it? Maybe sit close by the door and take deep breaths, try to assure yourself this won't go on forever. Go outside and breathe deep, or go to the bathroom and get a wet paper towel and apply to the back of your neck. Try opening and clenching your hands, sometimes getting blood out of your torso can help.  




 Great advice! One thing you said has echoed what my psychiatrist said: the best way to avoid postpartum depression is to prioritize sleep. 

I'll definitely be checking out that book you recommend.  




 Different love languages. When my husband does stuff around the house for me I get incredibly turned on. Especially when I didn't have to ask him to do it in the first place.  




 I've heard it's a way for them to practice breathing while in the womb.  Their diaphragm is being worked the same way ours does when we inhale and exhale. 




 Yikes. Just assure her there was a bullet dodged there.  




 Chicken and dumplings. Chicken pot pie. I gotta stop watching Food Network.  




 Does your pain feel muscular or like it's in the shoulder joint? I've been having shoulder pain tonight that feels muscular but I chalked it up to sitting funny all day today. BP has been normal, so no pre-e. No gallbladder either. Siiggh can we just be done?! 




 In the middle of college I packed up and moved to Nashville. This was in 2009, right when the economy took a dump and unemployment was through the roof. The 3 months I was there I couldn't find a job despite trying for 8 hours every day, applying for the lowliest jobs u could. Had to have my parents bail me out of my lease and I moved back home to finish school while living with them. Should've just been a commuter student from the time I graduated high school. I definitely regret my decision to try out Nashville.  




 I'm exhausted all the time, too (37 weeks).  Do you find you're eating a lot of carbs lately?  I don't have GD but I've realized if I eat/drink a lot of carbs/sugar then I get really sleepy.  




 You should check out Happy Valley 




 I'm on bed rest and have been for 3 weeks.  So far I've watched: Bones, Sons of Anarchy, Good Eats, New Girl, Blacklist, Happy Valley (VERY GOOD), United States of Tara, Rectify, Frisky Business (good doc show about a sex toy company in the UK), Better Off Ted, Doomsday Preppers, and Malcolm in the Middle. 




 It's because the mother's milk hasn't come in yet and they are only surviving on colostrum (if exclusively breast feeding) for the first couple of days.
 




 If I weren't on bedrest I'd come up with a really clever costume that would include my hugely pregnant belly.  But since I'm on bed rest, the baby will probably come before Halloween due to induction.  If not, I'll be sitting on the couch eating all the candy. 




 Yikes! I was considering starting to use my pump this weekend (at 37+1) but if it's that fast maybe I'll hold off! 




 I've only had people be weirded out by the spelling of our baby's name.  I'm sure if we lived in the UK it wouldn't be seen as an odd spelling, but living in Texas people are like "how do you pronounce that??" or when I tell them the spelling they get odd looks on their faces.  Whatever. 




 The nipple stimulation is incorrect.  Studies have shown dates reduce the need for induction or augmentation to start labor.  

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21280989 




 I have PCOS and am currently 37 weeks pregnant.  My progesterone was always low in the first trimester, despite being on a combined total of 900mg of progesterone daily.  I think I was usually bouncing between 9 and 15.  But I still believe being on that supplemental progesterone helped.  Good luck! 




 Because even a hard penis has some give to it, and the cervix is still between your dick and the baby.  Also, babies are a lot more resilient than people give them credit for.   




 Currently 37 weeks pregnant and I'm thankful that my son is a lot like your other child, just stretching and readjusting, no violent rolling or kicking. 




 How are your ovaries sick?  I thought the same, since I have PCOS, and here I am 37 weeks pregnant.   




 In most cases at this point, the baby's head is firmly lodged in the cervix, way down low.  So the only time you're close to pushing the baby's head is when you're having sex. 




 Currently pregnant with a son. I dread the day this is going to happen.  




 After I was horribly dumped in 12th grade I had a freak out argument with my ex- in his front yard that ended with a group of our friends and his mother walking onto the lawn and his mother yelling "train_subject5080, what is wrong with you?!" I definitely left with my tail between my legs. I let my teenage hormones and emotions get the best of me after my boyfriend of 2 years dumped me "because God told him to."  




 Maybe "begotten" is the keyword. Maybe Their belief is that Jesus is the only offspring of God that is "begotten"?  




 Is there a recent thread dedicated to locations of r/Christianity subscribers? Id like to see if a Houston meet up would be plausible but I don't want to create a whole new thread for it if there's not enough interest  




 Same here! 




 Currently on modified bed rest for hypertension. Decided yesterday to deep clean my bathroom, including removing the toilet seat and scrubbing it in the bath tub. Couldn't finish reinstalling the toilet seat because my hands swelled up so much. Thankfully BP was back to normal by yesterday evening but I felt like hell all day afterwards. Guess that's all the nesting I'll be doing :/ 




 I was told the most severe side effect is a slight rise in body temp, like one degree. That wouldn't affect baby and if I had it, just take some tylenol.  




 Low libido here and having a boy.  




 Had my first bout of nesting today. Cleaned the bathroom and kitchen. Now I'm exhausted. This baby needs to make an appearance.  




 Benadryl is diphenhydramine, not pseudophedrine. 




 Oh man now I'm craving it. Too bad it's 11:30pm.  




 Thank you for posting this. EOs can actually be dangerous! 




 Any formula brand is fine, generic included.  They're highly regulated by the FDA for their nutritional benefits. 




 Agreed. Had my first one yesterday. Yikes! 




 At a certain point, yes.  3 months may be too young to do this.   




 They also make white noise machines for this exact purpose.  I've heard amazing things about them. 




 I wish I could tell this to some parents I know.  One mother has a 2 year old daughter who has to nurse to sleep, despite the mother's milk drying up because she got pregnant again.  So the kid just has to suck on a boob to sleep or else will cry until she falls asleep.  Mother refuses to even try crying it out to teach her daughter to self-soothe.  

I would rather go through a stressful transition period than have a child attached to my tit for its entire childhood. 




 I try not to eat between 7pm and 8:30pm when I take my BP.  I've had higher readings when I stuffed my face around 7:30pm. 




 I used to think the same thing until I started looking for houses. Yes, some HOAs can be ridiculous, but most of the ones I have come across simply maintain the neighborhood to a certain standard. I don't want to live in a neighborhood where my neighbor can go months without mowing his lawn, because it makes the neighborhood look like shit. Same with putting a sofa on the front lawn or other things that make the rest of the neighborhood look trashy. 

Some are ridiculous though. My in laws are remodeling their house and they had to fill out forms to get approval for all the renovations.  If I want new countertops, that should be my decision only as it doesn't affect how the rest of the neighborhood looks.  




 Oh God yes.  Alyssa Edwards. Tongue pops and nails everywhere.  




 Just calm down, relax, and avoid Google. I have gestational hypertension and if I stay home and relax, my BP is perfectly controlled. Reading about it online and working yourself into anxiety attacks won't help you or baby. Just set up two times a day to check your BP (I do 8:30 am and pm), make sure you're relaxing for 15 minutes before taking it. Do breathing exercises. You'll be fine :) 




 I would love chipotle if they didn't load up their rice with cilantro. Thankfully I'm in Texas where I can get freebird's instead, since they use mexican rice.  




 Yup! I used to eat turkey and margarine sandwiches when I was a kid and around 13 weeks I had horrible cravings for them.  I never gave in as it grossed me out a little too and I was paranoid about listeria. Weird how these things creep back up on you! 




 I'm guilty of using almost every other term in this thread, so no worries. 




 I know people who have baby talked their child so much that it has started to seep into adult conversations.  And one of my husband's co workers still baby talks to her 5 year old.  Not surprisingly, he isn't great at verbal communication. 




 When people refer to newborns as "delicious" or other food-like adjectives.  The baby is not a food item, you will not be eating the baby.  The baby may be cute, adorable, etc... but *NOT* delicious. 




 I haven't even seen much hate for Capaldi's Doctor.  Maybe it's because I don't actively look at DW stuff outside of this subreddit, but I've only seen a couple of negative opinions of him. 




 Muslims believe Jesus was a prophet, just like Mohammed. Neither are viewed as divine in Islam.  




 My husband and I left LCMS for similar reasons. We are so much happier in the ELCA. All the liturgy, none of the bigotry! 




 What kind of Baptist are you referencing? I grew up Southern Baptist and it was not Calvinist in the slightest. I had never heard of Calvinism until the John Piper fad started in the early 00's.  




 36 weeks today! Next appointment is tomorrow, where I'm hoping we will discuss an induction date!

Had my baby shower yesterday after a horrible night of insomnia. Got home and my BP was perfect, thankfully. Bed rest seems to be doing its job! 

I have no idea what I'm going to do with all this stuff we got from the shower. Thankfully we don't need much more! 




 Dates have been shown to assist in the ripening of the cervix, making it go faster. May not induce the ripening but definitely helps progress things. Can't find a study bc I'm on mobile but they have been shown to help.  




 Mine hasn't been too bad until this last week.  I just want to cry because I'm so tired but nothing is working.  I'm actually eating a lot of candy right now hoping that I'll sugar crash and pass out as a last resort (thank God for no GD).   




 Do not quit Prozac cold turkey unless under a doctor's supervision!!  I'm 36 weeks pregnant and taking Prozac.  If your anxiety and depression interferes with your life, the stress of dealing with that can be worse for you and baby than being on the medication while pregnant.  Please stay on the medication until you have your doctor's appointment, or call the doctor before your appointment (like, in the next couple of days) and ask his recommendation for the Prozac. 




 Prozac is safe for pregnancy, too.  I'm 36 weeks pregnant and currently on Prozac. 




 Kill me.  I barely slept last night, maybe 4 hours total on and off.  Then I had my baby shower today, which was amazing but freaking exhausting.  Now it's 11:20pm and I can't sleep again.  Benadryl has absolutely no effect, even when taking a dose equivalent to a Unisom.  And my husband is in there after falling asleep in literally 90 seconds.

At least I have a lot of baby shower stuff to catalog, snacks to eat, and a good book to read.

Any suggestions on falling asleep other than a diphenhydramine-based medicine? 




 Also 249   louetta.  




 It was wonderful!  And with both sexes invited, we got tons of loot!  




 Baby shower today! It's a coed BBQ so lots of brisket, sausage, potato salad, and cobbler! Can't wait!

I haven't had any caffeine the last 2 months and I had like 4 diet cokes yesterday. I haven't slept more than 3 hours last night. Not super happy.  




 And as hard as it is to believe, traffic in Austin is worse than in Houston  




 Can these be common among certain ethnicities? Half of the small company I work for is from Beijing and half of those people have ass breath.  




 Haven't had my baby yet but had to pay my deductible to my OB, which was $1800.  I got another bill from the hospital saying I'll owe $600.  The bill I paid to my OB covered vaginal delivery, his appointments and services before baby is born and one post partum appointment.  Doesn't cover any of the hospital expenses.  We'll probably end up being billed around $2800 total including deductible. 




 Every day, every hour I feel the same way.  My husband does too.  There are times we look at each other and go "what the fuck did we do??" and it gets scarier as it gets closer.

The only thing that is consoling me is that there are people out there who are in worse situations than I am (and who are worse people than I am) who somehow raise healthy children.  I'm also judgey and I have certain acquaintances who are mothers and I find myself thinking "if SHE can do it, I can do it."   




 I've heard this from a lot of older women, but most of my friends who have given birth in the last 2 years have said "that's complete bullshit, you'll probably sleep better!"  




 My MIL has been doing the same lately, too.  She's like "Seriously, cherish the time you have now because your life will never. be. the same. again!!!"  I want to tell her to STFU because it's not making my husband's views on the pregnancy any better, I think he's mourning the loss of his current care-free life.  




 Not to mention the fact that heavy whipping cream doesn't have much lactose in it at all.   




 As someone of average attractiveness (and I'm pudgy), I refuse to go to any of the "hot" bars or clubs because I will absolutely be ignored for all the pretty things in tight dresses.  I've waited 15 minutes to order drinks before, even with trying to flag down the bartenders multiple times.   




 I may have turned down inductions if I didn't have any complications at all.  But I have had hypertension, so I trust my doctor's judgement when he suggests to induce early. 




 Bed rest seems to be effective. Blood pressure is completely normal! Going to get my caterpillar eyebrows tamed sometime today for my baby shower on Saturday. Talked to doctor on Monday and will be induced before 40 weeks to avoid potential problems which I am perfectly fine with. 

And all I want now is 2 donuts and a kolache. Need to make a Shipley's run soon.  




 Yup! Taking BP twice daily and weekly doctor appointments :) 




 Clearly you haven't been to the Houston Medical Center, the largest medical center **in the world** 




 Your story sounds identical to mine.  I was on 30mg Celexa before getting pregnant.  Weaned off around 12 weeks pregnant, then in late July my panic came back full force.  I am currently on 10mg of Prozac.  It's much better for baby and me to not be stressed out all the time than for the baby to come into contact with a little bit of an SSRI.  I know people who have had anxiety so severe that they stayed on Klonopin during their pregnancy and their child turned out fine.  

I'm currently 36 weeks, and I still have moments of anxiety, but the medication definitely helps.  I couldn't function at work, my blood pressure was up.  I knew I needed help.  I went back to my psychiatrist and we both decided it was the best route to go for the end of this pregnancy.  This also gives a jump start on helping with PPA or PPD.  Since it's such a low dose it shouldn't affect baby that much at all.
 




 :) Thanks.  Mine's been mostly normal, just some hypertension lately.  So ready to not be pregnant anymore.

 




 Damn, did they tell you how/why?  




 Ahhh I'm almost 9 mos pregnant.  Should not have read this. 




 Same with my MIL, but they're wealthy and usually pretty frugal.  It's her first grandchild so I'm just letting her do what she wants and buy us a lot of stuff. 




 Been in our current apartment for 2 1/2 years, but we'll be moving around November 15th to a rental house.  Not enough room in this apartment for all 3 of us :)  Lived in Houston all my life save for a couple years in college where I went to schools out of the city.  Always returned, though! 




 35 weeks here. Get the chest flutters every day.  Doctor says it's s normal due to increased blood supply. It's just really obnoxious.  




 Been on bed rest the last 2 weeks (currently 35 weeks). Asked my doctor if I'll make it to 40 weeks and he said he will probably want to induce me before then. Cue huge sigh of relief. I want to be induced so badly.  




 We met in 7th grade English class (public school). First impression of him: dumb football jock. 

His first impression of me: snooty private school transfer.  




 Prepared? Yes. Ready? NOOOOOPE.  Having all the typical "am I fit to be a mother?" doubts.  My husband's even worse.  He's over the pregnancy but he is terrified of what happens when baby comes out.  We're going to be a mess but I'm sure we'll survive. 




 Same!  Due beginning of November but due to gestational hypertension, doc will probably want to induce early.  AHH! 




 I can say with 100% certainty I would not have made the same choice.   
























 What's even the point of crib bumpers anyways?  Just big fluffy decorative crib wall pillows of death that look nice? 




 The part of Inception that I found to be deep was Dom and Mal, with the whole token thing. It's possible that during the entire movie Dom was asleep and Mal kept infiltrating in an attempt to wake him up, but he perceived her to be a threat to his missions instead.  There's also theories about each of the characters being alts in Dom's dreams, which are always against Mal's invasions.

Unless I'm just 100% incorrect, which I may be.  I formed this hypothesis while under the influence. 




 This is my first week back at work since having my baby.  So sad and so tired.   




 I'm going to disagree with everyone here about the calories.

If your doctor suggested that low, I say go for it.  Plenty of morbidly obese people jump start their weight loss with doctor-supervised diets with crazy low calories.  That's just what your diet is, doctor supervised.  Your doctor isn't an idiot, he is highly educated in metabolic disorders and he suggested it for a reason.  Whether it be because your BMR is lower due to PCOS (see below) or as a means to reduce your stomach size and make you fuller faster, I would personally take his advice.

[Also, there have been studies performed on PCOS's effect on BMR, and it has been shown that women with PCOS and insulin resistance have a BMR lower than the average non PCOS/IR woman by as much as 700 calories.](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18678372)  So if an average woman burns 1800 calories/day at your weight, you may actually only burn 1100 calories/day.   




 http://i.imgur.com/Gh2GzLF.jpg 




 I agree absolutely. That's one of the reasons why I don't advertise my faith, because I know I'm not a great representative. The big things I struggle with are external, easily seen by others.  




 Definitely agree with you.  I'm a Christian and the whole point about being a Christian is that we are absolutely imperfect and sinners.  Yes, we as Christians should strive to be more like Jesus, but it's impossible to not be sinners.  Honestly, if I was called out by someone who didn't share my faith I would be a little peeved, because the person calling me out doesn't share the same perspective I do.  Call me out on just being a bad human being if I am, don't bring my faith into it unless you're another Christian who I also consider a good friend trying to keep me accountable. 




 Why do researchers include SIDS in these studies?  I thought SIDS =\= accidental suffocation. 




 I was really off-put by him too, mostly by the bragging.  Bitch, I don't care that you were in nip/tuck.  Just because professionals made you up and put you in front of a camera doesn't mean you're a great drag queen. 




 Yes, my husband did.  We were juniors in college and had known each other since 7th grade.  We dated for 6 months in 9th grade until I dumped him, but we stayed best friends.  During college I would hang out with him when we were both home and we would usually end up making out most of the time.  I had made up my mind, though, that I wouldn't date him or be with him and let him know.

During the fall semester, I saw on facebook that he had entered a relationship with a girl I knew he was only with because he was lonely.  I realized how much I cared for him when I saw that post.  It was like a punch to the gut.  So I called him up and professed my love for him, knowing he loved me back.

He called his gf that night and dumped her and we started dating immediately.  We didn't make it social media official for a few months so that we wouldn't hurt the other girl's feelings by immediately bragging.  

Got married a couple years later and now have a 7 week old son together.  I don't regret it at all.  I am sorry I went about it the way I did, by hurting another girl.   




 Good luck!  My tip: eat as much as you want at the beginning.  You may either be ravenous and want to eat as much as you did before, or you may get really full really quickly due to the high fat content.  Don't worry about calories these first couple of weeks, just work on getting keto adapted.  Once you're keto adapted your body will probably start talking to you more clearly and let you know when you are truly full.   




 Whoa, DeLa was unrecognizable.  




 I've never personally come across a doctor who wasn't pro keto, especially considering the fact that I have PCOS and am pre diabetic. The medical professionals I come across that are against it are nutritionists and dietitians.  




 Most people I have encountered via social media don't see it this way. They see it as a murder, almost certainly because of the way he was portrayed in the media, as an angel faced innocent victim.  




 It seems like all the guidelines for reducing SIDS are actually reducing accidental suffocation. They say things like "to reduce the risk of SIDS, keep all fluffy blankets and bumpers out of the crib due to risk of suffocation". Ok, that's not SIDS, that's accidental suffocation.  




 Tell him you feel his priorities lie elsewhere and that it's really hurting your feelings and starting to make you feel resentful. My husband can fall into similar patterns and for him it usually coincides with when he's feeling depressed.  




 If he's anything like my husband the baby's crying won't wake him.  




 Awesome!! So glad everything is going well.  Thinking of yall and sending speedy recovery vibes! 




 In the middle of a panic attack: just calm down!

No way, I never would've thought about that! Thank you for solving this mental illness for millions of people!! 




 Something similar happened to a friend's gerbil. Gerbil got out and was lost for a few hours. Phone rings, friend runs to get it and the gerbil darts under his feet mid stride. The result was unpleasant.  




 MAID SERVICE 




 I'm formula feeding so no worries there. Though he won't eat more than will last him 3 hours, but it may be worth looking into :) 




 I will have to check out that book. Until 6 weeks was your LO still on waking every 3-5 hours or so to feed?  Does your LO sleep in his/her own room now at 6 weeks? 




 Same for mine, I just started swaddling my baby's lower half because he'll fight his arms free if I don't.  




 My LO is 4 weeks old and every day he is a little more awake than the day before. When does his sleep schedule get more...normal? When should I start setting a designated "bedtime" and naptimes? Right now we are just playing it by ear based on when he eats. I will admit we are encouraging a little more sleep during the day, which i think is starting to backfire and keep him awake at night. It's just hard having to pack an apartment with a wide awake baby and 2 cats who still aren't used to him yet.  




 Mine are mostly irrational. 

Alexis Mateo: I just can't stand her face or voice. I especially hated her during the patriotism challenge when she was jumping, shrill voiced, and unintelligible. 

Coco: I'm all about Alyssa and thought the drama was so unnecessary. She seemed so fake during s5. And she looks a hot mess in her Oraquick commercial

Adore: I hate her voice. I had to work to get through season 6 just because of her voice. 

Laganja: hate her voice and how incredibly fake she is. And we get it, you smoke weed. I don't like that it's your shtick.  




 [Here you go](http://i.perezhilton.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/taylor-swift-plaid-poncho-dolce-and-gabbana-nyc-street-style__oPt.jpg) for the knit poncho.  Totally doable and fashionable 




 Perez Hilton.   Can't stand the guy but can't give up his site 




 This is super random but I follow a woman on INstagram who is really into lifting and lives in Singapore. She is also a strength coach at a gym.  PM me for her Instagram name (cb I don't want to share personal info on here publicly), her gym might suit you! 




 I did before I got pregnant. I'm 4 weeks postpartum now and really itching to get back into the gym and start stronglifts again. Cardio just doesn't do it for me, but I'm going to start c25k with my husband soon because he wants to start running. I see so much more progress from lifting anyways. And it gets your metabolism up afterwards  for a lot longer than cardio 




 Gone Girl is seriously good. Those other books are nowhere near that level.  




 Biomedical engineering. Mathematics with a minor in finance or computer science, and take bio and anatomy as your prerequisite sciences.  




 http://i.imgur.com/5cBiXcI.jpg

Rhys is 4 weeks old today! We also got asked to be the Holy family at our church's Christmas Eve service! 




 I use coconut oil on the flanges. I have the spray kind so it's really convenient.  




 Lmao yeah that's what it looks like.  




 For me, I needed more newborn onesies. I think we have about 15 or 16 and I do laundry every other day. I always  have about 3 in my diaper bag, and 3 in my husband's, that way there's no need to do much prep right before going out.  




 I made one myself with a cheap sports bra and a pair of scissors ;) 




 God yes, regarding constipation. 

As an addendum: if you had to have antibiotics in the hospital, your stool softeners are 10 times as important. Your gut flora will be gone and your shits will be like bricks until you can build it up again. I'm 3 weeks PP and still crapping bricks. Started drinking kefir to get everything back on track.  




 Surprised to find 30 Rock this far down. I fall asleep to it every night and still find new jokes all the time.  




 My pediatrician said one week for supply to really diminish drastically  




 I'm also on the relactation road, though I never got a good start with my newborn and am trying 3 weeks down the road. 

It's worth noting that dopimeridone (sp) is not available in the US for relactation purposes. Reglan is, but has worse side effects. 

Good luck! 




 I do the same immune system justification when my newborn's pacifiers fall on the ground.  I pick any visible lint off of it and pop it right back in.   




 Happy and healing thoughts going out to you and Owen! Good luck little man! 




 I agree that the attitude of "if he doesn't smoke he will drink" is ridiculous. And all the excuses he uses are ridiculous. If he wants to smoke pot, that should be it. But if he's self medicating and can't go a day without it, that's not great. 

My husband smokes, and he smokes every day.  He only smokes when he has his free time, even though he works from home. If his pot smoking got in the way of his responsibilities around the house, I would have a different opinion. But if he's pulling his weight, I'm fine with it.  




 I punched a couple holes in the drywall of my childhood house during arguments with my parents. I chalk it up to teenager hormones and unresolved mental illness. Much better now  




 My husband works from home and has a standing desk. He's 6'2, and he had baby laying on the desk with one hand around him. Baby rolls/wiggles off the desk at 2 weeks old and lands on his stomach. Cue husband hysterics. Took baby to doctor, got x Rays just in case, baby was fine. I've hit his head a few times, including on the infant carrier like you did. Babies are a lot more resilient than we think.  




 God yes, no soup has ever come close to that one. 




 That's basically what confirmation is in the church.  




 I smoked weed after getting pretty drunk on my 21st birthday. Results were not pretty. Basically what you described but with a lot more vomit.  




 My LO was born 10/15 and I'm still bleeding. I was told if I bleed through a pad in an hour or pass anything bigger than a softball to go in to the ER. Right now it's just like a light period but about a week ago I passed a huge clot and was still bleeding like a normal period. It's possible to bleed for 6-9 weeks PP. If you're concerned, call doctor on Monday. If you have insurance, there should be a Nurse's line you can call if you have questions 




 Wow, big for 35+6! Congrats, he's beautiful! 




 All of mine have been mentioned except Taylor Swift (don't judge) and Joni Mitchell.  




 God yes. I walked down the aisle to her cover of "can't help falling in love with you".  




 I strongly suggest you speak to your doctor about this.  It definitely sounds like PPD, and if it's affecting you this much there's no harm in getting help for it.  You're doing a great job.  You've been through a lot, but those "mistakes" you're beating yourself up about won't mean anything in the long run.  Your mental health, however, means a lot in the long run, you need to take care of yourself.   




 Congrats!  You're a superwoman for having to go through that, I have huge respect for all natural birthing women.  I sat through 90 minutes of real contractions before I screamed for the epidural, I couldn't do it.  You're a powerhouse!

She's precious, and I adore her name! 




 Yup, but you get an awesome button you can push to deliver more medicine. It's like a spine IV. You can get shots of different pain medicines but I found they really didn't help. I got stadol before my epidural and it just made me feel drunk. I still felt the contractions and the loopiness just pissed me off.  




 The same thing goes for anxiety! I had to get on low dose Prozac due to antenatal anxiety. If it's interfering with your everyday life, see a doctor. So glad you did! 




 Happy Valley is so good!  I second this recommendation. 




 Not OP but I won't take shrooms for mental health benefits outside of a clinical setting because I have panic disorder and I don't want a bad trip to send me into seemingly endless panic attacks. If I could take them in a hospital or overnight clinic under a psychiatrist's supervision I would be way more comfortable. I imagine someone with severe depression wouldn't want to risk possible outcomes of a bad trip either.  




 Are acrylic and solar nails the same? I get solar nails every 2 weeks. I pick at nail polish and bite my nails if I don't have these fake ones out on, so I look more put together.  




 Met in 7th grade English class. Dated in 9th grade, broke up, then stayed good friends afterwards. Messed around a bit in college with no strings attached. He started dating someone casually our junior year of college and I realized how much I really cared about him. Declared my love for him and he stopped seeing the girl and started dating me exclusively. Engaged 18 months later, then married 2.5 years after that (age 24). We just had our first child together 2 weeks ago. No regrets, I'm crazy about the guy.  




 He's had some pretty horrible blog posts in the past. Maybe his recent actions are trying to make up for those.  




 I feel you. I have an irrational hatred for him and his never changing outfit.  




 The baby is in a bassinet next to the bed. My husband can just sleep through literally anything! It's ridiculous.  




 I just take advantage of my long nails and tickle him until he wakes up enough to stop.  Unfortunately he usually has two silent breaths between then and when the snoring starts up again.  Thankfully since baby was born I've been able to sleep through it if I get a head start, but once he starts and I'm still awake there's no hope. 




 I'm resisting the urge to kick my husband right now. I got sleep in 15 min increments last night due to fussy baby. He slept like a rock for 6 hours. I lay down to take a nap and he follows me and passes out in 2 minutes with loud snoring. And now I'm about 20 min away from the next feeding so what's the point in napping now? 




 http://i.imgur.com/yUc7oM3.jpg

My little nugget is 2 weeks old today! So in love.  




 Dang! My labor was only 18 hours from water breaking to birth. Did you get an infection? I got chorio, that was no fun 




 You should see some of the children's names in Utah. Mormons have recently had an affinity for naming their kids really weird things, or using really odd spellings. I know a woman who named her daughter Nayvie.  




 Any chewing gum worked for me. Chewing gum tells your stomach to digest quicker because it fools it into "thinking" more food is incoming. Neat trick.  




 I go to Houston Adult Psychiatry and am very pleased with them.  




 Exactly my thought. But I think he equated medication with severe insanity and weakness.  




 Had an ex who got mad at me for going to therapy and being on antidepressants. All because he had an ex who was seriously insane who was on psychiatric medication (anti psychotics).  




 Though he is my least favorite RPDR judge, he was fucking hilarious on Project Runway. 




 I second the diaper champ. My husband and I refused any other kind because 90% of others use proprietary bags, which we didn't want to pay for. We empty it probably every 36 hours with a newborn but it holds the smell.  




 How tight is that tuck?! 




 Definitely poked it 




 Yup, the one I passed last week was about the size of a golf ball.  Didn't hurt or anything, but it was a really weird feeling and traumatizing to see. 




 Not /u/BiThrowAwayForReddit but my husband is bisexual and is in a heterosexual relationship with me.  Not sure if he would have abstained from homosexual relationships had we not gotten married, since he truly embraced his bisexual identity when we were engaged 




 I had never experienced these elusive period chunks/clots.  Then I gave birth.  The clots that pass after giving birth... holy shit. 




 The same thing is happening with our son, but I've found the one thing that helps him fall back asleep after nighttime feedings is swaddling him.  Maybe a pacifier if he will take one, but usually the swaddling is enough to keep him asleep. 




 evangelical Lutheran church of America. Ordains women and openly gay persons. The most accepting Lutheran denomination from my personal experience.  




 I decided to formula feed and have thankfully not experienced any prejudice so far. But I'm also not sharing my choice on social media. Basically only family knows and they are fine with it. My husband and I were both formula babies and we are just fine. My reasoning is largely centered around my mental health but even if I said "I just don't want to" there should be no discussion about it. 

If anyone asked me I would just say "my baby, my breasts, my choice."  




 Yeah closest one I can think of is 290 at Mueschke but it's a tiny one.  




 I was going to say the Quran 




 Proud of you! 3 




 I just had my baby and I didn't qualify for FMLA because the company I work for is only 24 people (minimum to guarantee is 50).  I am taking 6 weeks off (in addition to 4 weeks of mandated bed rest), all I needed was a note from the doctor.  I didn't even have to bring anything in, I just gave my doctor the number to our HR person and they took care of everything.  

Granted it differs from company to company, but I guess I lucked out with mine because I'll be going back after the mandated 6 weeks.  The leave is just considered non-FMLA 




 Also /r/CautiousBB for the super cautious soon-to-be mom! 




 It actually didn't bother me too much. He was super complimentary afterwards, saying I was a superstar and did an awesome job pushing him out. But I'm pretty darn proud of myself :) 




 I had my little man, Rhys Adam, on Wednesday, 10/15, at 37+3.  

On 9/15 I had an appointment with my OB and my BP was 140/90.  I was sent to L D triage for monitoring and it was determined I just had a little gestational hypertension (no pre-e!).  So my doctor put me on modified bed rest and I was officially starting my maternity leave.

At my 36 week appointment, my doctor did a cervical check and said my cervix was thin but not dilated.  Two days previous I had lost my mucous plug, but I knew not to hold my breath.  At my 37 week appointment it was the same thing, thin cervix, still pretty high.

Tuesday I got what I now assume was the nesting bug.  I didn't furiously clean, I just straightened up, finished washing all the clothes, ran a couple of errands, but still stayed mostly seated/relaxed.  I hadn't been doing anything to get labor started.  No dates, no pineapple, no castor oil, nothing.  I decided it had been too long since getting busy with the husband so we got down to business.  I couldn't sleep, so I stayed up watching Netflix.  At about 1am I decided it was time to crawl into bed.  I lift one leg onto the bed and feel a trickle that was definitely NOT urine.  So I tell my husband, stand around for a little, and there was another small gush.  We pack up and head to the hospital because I didn't want to wait around with broken water.

We get to the hospital and I have to check in at the ER before they take me to L D triage.  As I was sitting filling out the check in form... GUSH.  Water broken, no doubt about it.  We get to L D triage and it's confirmed.  L D was pretty busy around that time so we hung out for a few hours until they got a room prepared for us.  We arrived at L D triage at 1:40am and got put in a room around 3:30am.  I wasn't having any contractions so they started pitocin.  My mom and MIL arrived at 5:40am.

Around 7am the contractions really started and I was dilated up to 3cm.  I asked for something for the pain and they gave me Stadol and Zofran. As the contractions ramped up, I realized the stadol was doing nothing for me.  I was squeezing DH's hand, and everything was incredibly annoying during the contractions.  They must have been about a minute apart.

At 8:30am I couldn't take any more.  I was at 4cm and I got my epidural.  Sweet relief.  The next 8 hours or so I just continued dilating, watching HGTV, and chatting with my family.  Around 4:30pm I noticed I was getting the shivers but I assumed it was from the epidural.  At 5pm it was confirmed I was at 10cm and it was time to start pushing, but I had started running a fever.  My nurse told me if i gets above 99.5 then I would have something called Chorioamnionitis.  Basically since my water had been broken so long and I'd had a few cervical checks, I started getting an infection.  Not much later my fever bypassed that.  They started me on some antibiotics while I started pushing.

Doctor checked me at 10cm and made a comment about how narrow my pelvis was, commenting about my pubic bone and the position.  He said we'll probably have to do a c-section but we can start pushing.

Pushing wasn't too bad honestly. I had great coaches in my husband and the awesome L D nurse I had. I just felt like a softball was passing painlessly through my vagina.  At 6pm the doctor came back in with the delivery team and everyone started preparing for little man's arrival.  At 6:17pm he was born.  6lb 11.5oz, 19.75 inches.  He had a fever from the chorio, but otherwise he was perfect.  

I had an episiotomy and 2nd degree tear.  I'm so in love with this little guy that everything I went through was so worth it.

Because of the chorio, he had to stay 48 hours in the NICU.  His blood cultures were monitored and once both of us were pumped full of antibiotics and determined to be infection free, we got to go home Friday night!  His bilirubin levels were a little high so we had to go back in for a test on Saturday morning.  He barely passed, but we decided to do 24 hours of phototherapy anyways because he wasn't eating as much as he needed to in order to get rid of the jaundice.

He came home for good yesterday morning at 10am and it's been wonderful ever since!  

Pictures:

http://i.imgur.com/WFWl2fm.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/0YwmyIQ.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/HO93Duu.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/ARXHIN5.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/NLZCuIL.jpg


 




 It's ridiculous. The tax hike and elimination of insurance premiums would result in less money out of pocket for the average American.  




 Congrats, mama! Love the name ;) 




 How exciting! Come on baby!!! 




 I had a baby Wednesday evening. That's when it hit me. I'm responsible for another human life.  




 :) 




 Yes it's like Reese. Old Welsh name.  









 Baptism in a few months ;) he's got all his fingers and toes thankfully! They must have just missed one.  




 http://i.imgur.com/CpmGytI.png

Rhys Adam was born at 6:17pm and is perfect. Thank you for your thoughts and prayers! 




 Boy!  




 Absolutely! Baby will be getting hepatitis shot in hospital and will be receiving all necessary vaccines  




 Didn't get to nipple stimulation, but I did have sex about 3 hours before water broke. Epidural are the shit, contractions are hell. I have such respect now for moms who do it all natural. Now that the epidural is in I'm napping and just chilling.  




 Contractions hadn't started and we were just waiting around. Epidural in now. Just chilling again!  




 Of course! Just got epidural. As soon as it broke I went in to the hospital. Been under doctor supervision the entire pregnancy. Everything looks good so far! 




 I'm 37 weeks so not a big deal, I'm just super nervous and having typical pregnant lady anxieties. Will I be a good mother? All that jazz.  




 Was climbing into bed when I felt an uncontrollable trickle. Kept trickling so I went to the hospital and in the ER waiting area... GUSH. Only 1cm and 70% effaced but baby Rhys wants OUT. I guess I'll be here quite a while before he comes out. 

Wish me luck! I'm freaking out!! 




 Two cats: Walter and Evelyn. Walter after Dr Walter Bishop from fringe because he was a peculiar kitten. Evelyn because my husband's name is Adam. Adam and Eve. Eve is short for Evelyn. We never call her Eve though. But the name cracks people up because they're just such human names.  




 If it gets to the point where it's interfering with your day to day life, you need to tell your doctor about it (whether it be your GP or OB).  Occasional anxiety is normal, but when it's every day and gets in the way of your life, it needs more attention.  Some medications are safe during pregnancy and breast feeding and your mental health is of utmost importance right now and after you deliver baby. 




 He's precious! Congratulations!  Make a new post and get some karma ;) 




 Yes.  I had a history of anxiety and depression beforehand, and I weaned off my meds in month 2.  Month 6 rolls around and BAM, anxiety is back worse than ever.  I'm now on low dose Prozac to help.

But anxiety during pregnancy is common, even for those people who haven't experienced it before.  Just take deep breaths and breathe for as long as it takes to pass.  Don't take your pulse during this time, it just causes a negative feedback loop.  That is, you feel your pulse, you feel it's fast, and you panic because it's fast, causing it to go faster.

I have to take my BP twice daily due to gestational hypertension, and honestly my pulse is anywhere between 90 and 115.  Doctor said this is fine, as your heart rate during pregnancy is going to increase due to more blood in your body.

Just deep breaths, everything will be fine.  If you do realize something is triggering them, just tell yourself "panicking will do nothing to help the situation."  Stay away from Dr. Google. 




 Nope, everyone I've talked to (OB, OB nurses, midwives, and mothers who tried it) said it's a waste of money.  Eat dates, have sex, and do nipple stimulation.  Those are the only things that have been shown to have some effect on labor. 




 I'm more hormonal and emotional.  I've gained significant weight.  We've been approved for a rental house.  Baby coming soon (like, 3 weeks soon), big life change.

Let me just say, pregnancy sucks.  For most women it is not the beautiful miracle of creating life, it's disgusting, emotionally draining, and exhausting.  I don't think I'll be doing this again. 




 Don't have a specific place in mind but it would be chicken nuggets topped with mashed potatoes and white fluffy dinner rolls with a donut for dessert on the side.  It would be called "white and bland."   




 I'm due a day after you and omg yes.  Come on, babies.  No shame in being line jumpers!  The only reason I *don't* want to go into labor now is because I'm super tired after nesting all day. 




 Whaaat?  I'm 37 weeks and lost my plug two days ago.  No sign of anything since.  Tell her it doesn't mean anything and that it's gross. 




 Talk about terrifying!  So glad everything worked out for the best, though! Hope you can take your precious bundle home as soon as possible :) 




 Thanks :) I'm still a little hesitant because it's not used much in the US but I always get positive reactions. Come on baby Rhys! 
























