 Lmao! it will end when we have the technology to frost cake crumbs and they shall be called "Micro tiny mini cupcakes" xx 









 That cheese though! Drooling 









 Thank you :D
 




 I have seen some amazing cosplays of Ahri out there! Looks simple enough, if you fancy a challenge you could watch tutorials and make it your goal :D 




 Annie and Tibbers from League of Legends is my favourite one :D 




 haha I look forward to the decline XD 




 I have not laughed this hard in a while! Thank you XD 




 I have been recommended Ready Player One a couple times now, so I think I will deffo be giving this a go :3 thank you! 




 Hello Susan! I do enjoy the odd book every now and then. Prefer gaming and Netflix when I want to zone out and relax though, when I read a book I binge read.  




 Moist grandma 




 lmao love it! 




 Usually because they are the only one's I can vividly remember as most of the time I wake up and the memory is gone. 




 Moist 




 Congratulations I just vomited  




 Thanks! Chicken roll with sweet chilli sauce, Doritos and Pepsi :D 




 Thanks :D glad to be here too! 




 Hello! We are both ladies! 




 Hey Teresa! If money was no object I would totally make props and costumes all day and hand them out at comic conventions and expos! Everyone deserves to feel like a superhero once in a while :) 




 So I was just looking to quench the boredom thirst when I clicked the "random button" above to find this subreddit and I am already hooked! I have read so many stories and everyone here seems so genuine and nice. So I thought I would give it a go and write my own intro (ha! that rhymed). I am a freelance prop maker and love to sculpt and create as much as possible! I currently work at Alton Towers, UK and in my free time love to make Youtube videos [most resent video if your interested](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cj0uUM3fzc4) One day I hope to run my own business of prop making/cosplay weapons and costumes. Anyway, HI!  




 Congratulations! Have a fantastic day and life together :F 




 What games do you play?  




 Cats are cool, prefer dog's myself. We can all get along. 




 I need one like this :) 




 How is it so see through? 




 Yes, https://www.reddit.com/r/youtubers/   









 Yeah I only just realised myself D: but thank you so much :D xx 














 advertise in the comments of crunchyroll!! 




 I would like one, can you do something a little more girlish? My channel is : https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFFNNiE34ZX6G3OLvLwQZAA 




 Pay for one. Ask someone on freelancer.com  




