
























 I didn't caveat it correctly, thats a 5th of all the pensioners wholly reliant on the state for support. 




 Not true at all. India has an extensive and growing public health care system, and a welfare system which accounts for over 12% of GDP. 




 Given that all the growth we are seeing is from low wage jobs and stalled wage growth that's a fair assumption. 









 Looking at the 5 year sustained Real GDP growth data that isn't what is happening. But my point is that the claim is extremely thin when you examine the wider global picture - we can't even claim to have the best growth in the G20. 




 If it makes you feel more comfortable to think that then go right ahead, but that isn't [what is happening](http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/NY.GDP.MKTP.KD.ZG?order=wbapi_data_value_2014+wbapi_data_value+wbapi_data_value-last sort=desc). The best five year sustained Real GDP growth belongs to Turkmenistan.

Go look for yourself, that's the world you've been living in all this time. 




 Nope. Average age group is 1829 years of age 




 Only if you've supped the Tory Koolaid - the claim relies on parsing the IMFs economic language carefully.

- China grew faster than the UK in 2014 but it remains classified as a 'developing' economy despite being four times larger than the UK economy. 7.4% growth.

- India also grew faster than the UK but, despite being a top 10 global economy, is not classified by the IMF as a 'major' economy. 5.4% growth.

- Productivity remains lower than 2007, unprecedented since the war.

- The growth we're seeing is mainly down to cheap labour driven by migration and stalled wage growth. 

- Unemployment is falling overall but the new jobs are at the very bottom end of the pay-scale. 

- US growth is forecast at 3.1% this year, and will certainly overtake the UK, just as it has in the past.

- Our [Real GDP growth](http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/NY.GDP.MKTP.KD.ZG?order=wbapi_data_value_2014+wbapi_data_value+wbapi_data_value-last sort=desc) rate is 3.20 or 97th in the world. India and China are at 7.4, and we're being outpaced by Ecuador and Malaysia. 

- We are not even in the top [20 fastest growing economies](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-02-25/the-20-fastest-growing-economies-this-year) worldwide. We're being beaten by Poland!

- And we're not even the fastest growing G20 nation, but we are the fastest growing G7 nation for 2014 alone.

- Our [global competitiveness](http://www.weforum.org/reports/global-competitiveness-report-2014-2015) ranking is woeful, we don't even make the innovation list.

So the claim relies on ignoring many countries that most would think of as developed and leaning on percentage growth rather than real GDP growth.

Why are 20 year old kids in the US becoming billionaires and financing startups, but not British kids?

 




 Why are the only discussions on the topic spend, spend, spend vs cut, cut, cut?

Why must every policy debate only take place at the extremes of the topic under discussion? 









 So Osborne would like to think but the evidence suggests otherwise. 









 Props on doing a community focussed job + thank you for your service. 

I live in London, and although my issue was an emergency, I was offered an appointment six weeks hence (which would have rendered any advice useless) and told this is typical in major cities due to lack of trained staff. 

I have heard similar stories from other people and had a very similar experience 20 odd years back.

I was eventually able to obtain advice through the Martin Lewis site which led me to a fourth sector charity which was able to advise me over the phone. 




 Qin Shi Huang, the King of the Qin State (pronounced chin), founder of the Qin dynasty, and China's first Emperor (who some believe China was named for). Did practically the same thing as Khan - fought with the other 6 states, and ultimately united the country by war in 221 BC. 




 Study posted yesterday for those who want the source: https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/3dtk2t/hydraulic_fracturing_linked_to_increases_in/ 




 Absolutely, but those in charge are usually shareholders themselves and seek to drive the share price in the short term so they will reap greater compensation. To my mind its all part of the same vicious circle. 




 I doubt it. 

Osborne's policy, and the wider global Conservative movement's thinking, is to say that economic productivity is low because welfare-to-work programs and benefits are too generous. 

Essentially that workers are not properly motivated to work harder and get better paying jobs because they can get, in Conservative thinker's view, 'easy' money via welfare. To their minds this is why the recovery hasn't taken hold, treasury receipts are down and almost all new jobs being created are at the bottom end of the pay-scale - ergo this is why they were unable to meet their deficit reduction targets under the coalition.

The solution, in their view, is the removal of welfare-to-work policies and capping of benefits. This, they believe, will result in a more productive and motivated workforce. The result on the business end will be workers demanding and thereby receiving better paying jobs - which won't happen. Obviously they intend to remove the safety net without ensuring that business meets their pay objectives.

This same view is being expressed by Republicans in the US, Conservatives in Germany, and the UK - Osborne is blazing the trail.

Its all crap of course and will only drive the sick, and the poorest amongst us further into the ground. But of course the sick and indigent are not anyone's customer. 




 Yep. Government should step into the middle and ensure workers receive a fair deal, if for no other reason than to avoid the need for policies like tax credits. But political parties main customers are businesses and the wealthy (also because ordinary people are not prepared to donate to them in large enough numbers for it to be meaningful) thus policy is again skewed in favor of big business not the worker. 




 Its about who the customer is, not the end user or worker. For example Train Operating Companies offer poor customer service to the end user because the main customer of the TOCs is the Government, not the traveller. They agree what service improvements will be made 10 years ahead and won't change that plan no matter how the traveller's needs alter over that decade because it's fixed in the franchise agreement, as are the costs.

Similarly with companies the 'customer' of most companies is their shareholders. In capitalist thinking this is fine because the shareholders should be the public which should provide them with the proper ethical and social motivations, but in the modern globalised economy most voting shareholders are institutional investors and other organisations whose single motive is return on investment and nothing else. There is no motivation to invest in the social fabric of the business or the social fabric of the country in which that business is based.

So we have a widening disconnect between shareholder value and social value. Companies will not pay people more because staff are basically disposable and the shareholders will not countenance any policy which reduces their ROI even if it results in better productivity and innovation in the long term.

Equally the customer of political parties is, again, businesses and wealthy people, and that again skews policy. 




 Agreed - the Portcullis House Logo or parliment.uk email address do tend to focus minds very quickly! 




 I can say from experience that CAB are underfunded and under resourced. They literally don't have enough trained advisors to cope with demand and, no matter the urgency of the situation, that means getting from contact to information takes up to six weeks even for high priority cases.

Its equally true that the advice they are offering is no different than that offered by other, more accessible, fourth sector organisations. Hence my advice to this chap that he explores other organisations that are better resourced while waiting for the CAB. 




 That is precisely the question that should be being asked by those in the UK, nonetheless, given the scale by which UK POWs were affected it is relevant to the UK. 




 The CAB can take up to 6 weeks to get you an appointment. 




 I've had cause to speak to the [StepChange](http://www.stepchange.org/) debt charity recently (they might be able to offer you some help too). They reccomended [www.turn2us.org.uk](https://www.turn2us.org.uk/) which lists a preposterous variety of organisations that [offer grants](https://www.turn2us.org.uk/Find-Benefits-Grants) and help of all kinds to people including those in your situation - they also seem to offer advice about benefits and may be more accessible than the CAB.

There doesn't appear to be anyone who offers Crohn's specific grants but there are many that do offer help for people on low incomes even if many have extraordinarily specific missions (such as helping only people with the surname Forsyth), there are many more like the [Talisman Trust](http://www.talismancharity.org/) and [Newby Trust](http://www.newby-trust.org.uk/) who do help people in poverty, illness, or low income circumsanaces.

PM me if you don't have food.

Edit: If Chron's is anything like the illness I suffer from then the appropriate fourth sector organisation may be able to intervene or provide help to you with benifits so try calling [Chron's and Colitis UK](http://www.crohnsandcolitis.org.uk/about-us/contact-us). 

The National Union of Students also has funds and help for those in your situation. 




 The article has its focus on that, but only 1000 of the 2000 POWs in the Mitsubishi camp were American - the remainder were Allied POWs. 




 Read up about the [Burma Railway](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burma_Railway) as an example of what was going on.

[During](https://www.forces-war-records.co.uk/prisoners-of-war-of-the-japanese-1939-1945) the World War 2, the Japanese Armed Forces captured nearly 140,000 Allied military personnel (Australia, Canada, Great Britain, India, Netherlands, New Zealand, and the United States) in the Southeast Asia and Pacific areas. They were forced to engage in the hard labour of constructing railways, roads, airfields, etc. to be used by the Japanese Armed Forces in the occupied areas. About 36,000 were transported to the Japanese Mainland to supplement the shortage of the work force, and compelled to work at the coal mines, mines, shipyards, munitions factories, etc. By the time the war was over, a total of more than 30,000 POWs had died from starvation, diseases, and mistreatment within and outside of the Japanese Mainland.

Which is not to say the UK is innocent, we also used 400,000 German POW's as [slave labour](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forced_labor_of_Germans_after_World_War_II#United_Kingdom) during and after the war. We didn't, however, starve them to death or beat them - not that this would justify the practice in any way. 




 The point is that none of the companies I mention are actually 'cheating', thats a moralistic imperative implied by people who think that there is a fixed tax rate for everything that 'should' be paid, these companies are exploiting a loophole generated by a tax system designed for a less globalised world, and one that could easily be closed. 

The companies I mention are not cherry picked for impact, as you suggest, they are companies that either have the entirety of their tax base in the UK or have a trading entity with a tax base in the UK and retail products directly to the public rather than manufacturing goods.

Nintendo is not a direct-to-the-public-retailer, its a wholesaler, and save for its UK online store does not have its tax base in the UK, nor does it have an entity which does.

Reducing Corporation tax is the least helpful mechanism of supporting UK trading businesses as exists, as demonstrated by the government - when they want to provide subsidy to an industry they almost always do it through VAT - for example the print media receives 1.2 billion a year in zero rated VAT, similarly oil exploration to the tune of 400 million a year.

Even the 8% reduction in corporation tax made very little impact on my business or the size of its bill, but the flat rate VAT Businesses in my sector pay has a huge impact.

As I said, this move was PR. 




 They do - but you're not going to convince me that Starbucks, IKEA, the Daily Mail Group, Sky, Virgin, British Petroleum, Costa Coffee and Nero all have sufficiently low profit margins that they deserve to pay nothing or, proportionately, very little Corporation Tax compared to my business - in this way what Osborne has to say about CT is largely irrelevant to anyone with 1 million plus turnover (meaning they can afford good accountants).

How do you think small business owners feel when we struggle to pay the Corporation Tax bill whilst discovering that Starbucks paid nothing in CT because it structured its worldwide cost base to take a loss in the UK?

Merrill Lynch, for example, structured its cost base to take its entire global loss during the recession through its London office and will pay no tax here for decades as a result.

Essentially what you're engaging in here is pedantry. My complaint is perfectly understandable and valid. 




 Corporation tax is a tax on profit, therefore it has a direct relationship to turnover, although the two won't be the same for every business. 




 TBH the reduction in corporation tax is meaningful only to small businesses and even then experience suggests it won't do that much, but it sounds good when announced at the budget. 

HMRC often alter the soft rules around what CT applies to as a means of compensating for the headline rate reduction. For example they altered the rules for Directors Loans so they attract a higher rate of CT to compensate for the 8% reduction during the last parliament which resulted in my business paying 1,500 in retroactive taxation.  

Large businesses really only pay some corporation tax to look good, not because they have to. IKEA also has form on [this](http://www.theguardian.com/business/2012/oct/21/multinational-firms-tax-ebay-ikea)

My little business with its 10k corporation tax bill often pays more than companies with massive turnovers.

Edit: CT is a tax on profitability and therefore there is a direct relationship to turnover, its also true that the higher your turnover the better accountancy advice you can afford. Whichever way you look at it structuring your global business to take costs in the UK that were incurred outside the UK in order to pay no, or very little tax here, is just wrong and an affront to business owners who do have to pay the full ride.

A 1% reduction in 2017 and a further 1% in 2020 is basically nothing but PR. 




 Thats a very broad assumption - both that piracy is a crime under criminal law (its actually civil) and that every teenager engages in it. 




 Uk soldiers were also used for slave Labour. 




 That was posted 43 minutes ago, mine was posted 37 minutes ago - 6 minutes between the two. I always check but not all recently posted articles show up immediately for every user, this is why the up/down votes on articles vary as you reload.

The bitching in this sub is deeply tiring. That's why I bother with it less and less. 




 I think you need to read the article again, you seem to have made up a set of facts to fit your assumptions. The article also comes from AP and PA, reliable sources. 




 First paragraph

Nine Britons deported from China for watching videos advocating terrorism **have said** they were watching a documentary about Genghis Khan.

In other words the people themselves explained what they were watching. 


































 She and Ed Balls had a poor expenses history, she was Brown's Chief Secretary to the Treasury so she'll be labelled with 'The Note' and the policy, and then Secretary of State for Work and Pensions - so IDS will have a field day with her.

Burnham will also be labelled with PfI. 




 In fairness it is an American study. 



















 Yvette and Andy are too damaged by their former ministerial portfolios to get traction with the wider electorate - the attacks are so easy - it really concerns me that Yevette might win by default on second preference votes.

Kendall just comes across a poisonous. 














 The real problem is nobody is listening to a word any other candidate has to say - basically because they have nothing interesting to say.

As one headline suggested this week the tragedy is Corbyn is by far the best leader of those on offer.

If the election showed anything its that the parliamentary party isn't reaching Labour members let alone the wider electorate - Harman's benefits statement and Chuka's response to Corbyn show that.

I'm actually wondering if a party split might be on the cards. Even if it is I'll still support Corbyn. 




 Deleting your cookies also resets the article limit. 









 You've found one example of a difficult bill and are claiming that single example of a contentious vote would have made 5 years of government difficult - you have very thin evidence.

Secondly you're attempting to cast a moral case over a bill in the National Parliament by comparing it to a Scottish Parliament Issue - where is it written that Scottish MPs should agree with MSPs on all issues. Personally the issue is moot MP's are MP's.

Were the result run under List PR for example the result (Lab/Con/Lib) would have been 239/207/140 and all further permutations result in a wide enough majority for the bill to have passed because there would be a proportionate reduction in the votes against. 




 We're discussing the election result, not intra party politics. Labour had a majority of 355 and this bill passed with 316 votes, 39 Labour MP's rebelling.

Firstly I really don't see how it's important that the bill passed with 'Scottish MP's' as there is no such thing as a 'Scottish MP' only an MP. Secondly how have you calculated that the bill passed with only Scottish votes, and what does that matter?

Had the election result been different the bill would have been approached differently, perhaps the whips would have made more effort to get people on board.
 




 Oh, I see that you're right. I was looking at the 'last election' figure at the top of the article. 




 They got 40.7% of the seats. 

It cuts both ways the Tory vote increased by 0.7% but that translated to 33 seats - far more than justified by the increase in voting.

But yes - under PR Labour would still have a workable majority. 




 They would still have had a majority of 40+ in each case - it wouldn't have hurt their ability to move legislation. 




 My father spent most of the 1950s and all of the 1960s - almost all of his RAF career - on detachment to an American unit. He would be left out of any mission which the UK government would not have sanctioned, this is the tradition in cooperating armed forces and has been for a very long time. 

The point actually is that Cameron could easily have asked that these pilots not be involved in certain missions, the fact that they were and he knew about it shows a complete disregard of the will of Parliament and is a very serious matter. He is not President of the UK, he's its prime-minister. 




 Actually it didn't - no system of PR would have altered any of Labour's recent election victories other than leaving the party with a reduced, but still significant, majority.

Nor would PR have altered the 2010 result other than to have increased the number of Lib Dem MPs. This election, however, would have significantly changed had we had a PR system. 




 There is no doubt that the 2005 election was disproportionate, but the [measures of proportionality](http://constitution-unit.com/2015/06/29/was-the-2015-election-the-most-disproportional-ever-it-depends-how-you-measure-it/) show the previous two elections to have been worse, and the two since worse still.

A system of PR wouldn't actually have changed the 2005 result, such was Labour's lead among voters, and that's really the point. This election run under PR would have resulted in a coalition. 




 If just 900 additional Labour supporters had turned out in 7 constituencies we'd have a minority Tory government, if 1300 Labour voters had turned up in 8 constituencies there would be another coalition, and if 10,000 votes in a further 12 constituencies turned up or changed we'd have a Labour government. 

11,000 people decided the election.

By any measure this is the least representative election result the country has seen. Every system of PR shows a coalition or minority government.

So it really begs the question is the current electoral system working for voters? 




 Ok. Try reading this very slowly and outloud - perhaps then it will penetrate.

Not a single fucking point you've made is correct.

Both gas consumption and gas production are falling whilst renewable consumption and production are rising. This is a decadal trend, UK gas production has been falling since 2000. This shows you are wrong.

Your new claim *'My original point, that wind companies, which generate electricity, are not competing with the part of the oil industry which generates gas is accurate.'* is **obviously bollocks** - of course they are fucking competing you moron, they both sell their product to the god damned generation industry - it's the gas producer's main business for the love of god, thats why the production/consumption trends reflect each other. Jesus!

The first paragraph of the report I linked to says this:-

UK Government has implemented massive subsidies to promote exploration and development of risky and unconventional oil and gas
in recent years, including deep-water offshore resources and
shale gas. 

Who the fuck does oil exploration - fucking Santa? - Oil companies.

I've been replying because I've actually been trying to educate you on how this works - you've provided no evidence to back up a single thing you've said whilst vomiting a bunch of semantic crap to pretend you have point. 





























 Exactly what is it you're trying to prove by differentiating Primary Energy production from energy consumption? No matter which set of figures you look at they both show that fossil fuel production is decreasing while renewables are increasing - neither supports your original point - in fact both sets of figures disprove it.

Oil and Gas industry receives *direct* subsidy for exploration totaling 400 million a year out of 1.2 billion. Whatever the hell you've made up above is just nonsense.

Really all of what you have to say has been crazed blustering to cover the fact that your original point was completely wrong in every respect. 




 Sorry, but the graph I linked to is the official DECC estimate for Primary Energy Consumption and shows the same trends as production. Once again you're wrong.

Frankly what you've written is so ridiculous I couldn't be bothered to go point by point. However, since you invite it.

You've claimed.

Wind turbines are not competing with massive gas extraction.

Well, they are, as I outlined above on the generation output side they comprise 15% of current generation and that output has risen 13TwH in just three years and renewables will overhaul gas generation output by 2018, gas output has been on the wane since 2000.

The British Geological Survey reports that we've got shale gas reserves in the UK which would put us somewhere between number 3 and number 1 in the world for gas reserves.

Again as I've shown the report claimed no such thing because as little as 10% of that is accessible and they lack confidence in their assessment of the upper number.

That would give us a roughly equal amount of recoverable gas to Iraq's proven reserves

Nowhere near, I mean not even close to that. We have the 24th largest proven reserves in the world Iraq has the 12th. 

You're conflating electricity generation and primary energy production

No I'm not.

firstly, we don't subsidise the oil industry in this country

Yes. [We do](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/624/media/images/74519000/jpg/_74519696_74519695.jpg). Around [1.2 billion a year in fact](http://www.odi.org/sites/odi.org.uk/files/odi-assets/publications-opinion-files/9245.pdf) and that number is expanding. Actually its the same size as the subsidy received by the print media.

Primary energy production is not the same as electricity production.

Funny that it shows the same trends then.

I don't know why you think primary energy production backs up your case at all, what it actually [shows](https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/437455/Energy_Trends_June_2015.pdf) is a continuing downward trend in the production of gas since 2000 and a continuing increase in renewables as I suggested. 
 




 I've quoted you the primary energy production estimates and grid generation outputs. Neither support the case you are making. 

Really having read your two comments its clear that you know NOTHING of the topic at hand. Every point you've made is wrong.

the fact that you're conflating the two suggests to me that either you don't really have a firm grasp of what's being talked about, or that you want to intentionally mislead or misdirect people reading your posts in order to further an agenda

This wasn't intentionally insulting? Really? Fuck you again. 




 I'm really tired of people being complete dicks about this when discussing it online. Frankly fuck you - there is no need to be insulting.

The comment you've made above is simply garbage. Look at the estimated [primary energy production](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/624/media/images/71060000/jpg/_71060672_71060671.jpg), over the next few decades where is Gas? Declining to nothing. What is the major future source? Renewables.

As for these *potential* sources being anything close to middle eastern oil reserves you are simply crazy to think that or you didn't actually read the report you're quoting. The extraction costs are barely supported now let alone in the future given the unstable global market prices.

The BGS survey said:

"Estimates of the amount of recoverable gas and the gas resources are variable. It is possible that the shale gas resources in UK are very large. However, despite the size of the resource, the proportion that can be recovered is the critical factor."

Furthermore BGS's OWN estimate was 10% or 130 TCF which is fuck all and basically means it's barely worth the infrastructure spending and subsidy. The paragraph above also suggests they don't have high confidence in their estimate of total reserve which was 822 TCF.

The figure I quoted was Cuadrilla's own estimate which was higher (for PR reasons) than BGS's much more detailed study. 




 Thankfully Police have [made an arrest](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-sussex-33571051). 









 If the former is true, how has the death penalty been excluded? [serious question] 




 I wasn't aware of it myself until the sentencing phase of the Rolf Harris trial. 




 Renewables are competing, they're actually producing more electricity than most people realise, 28.1 TWh or 15% of total generation in 2014 - that's an increase of 13 TWh in just three years, if its allowed to carry on renewables will overtake gas generation output before 2020.

To set that in context Nuclear produces 20% of energy output, Gas 27% and Coal 36%.

Output from fracking is basically zero right now and Cuadrilla estimates it can only access 10-20% of the resource available in some of the fields. 




 But that would require the Tory base to accept Climate Change, get over the idea that wind turbines are ugly, and in general be different people with open minds. 




 Theoretically yes. Historic offences are sentenced under the laws in place at the time - that's why sentences for historic child abuse always seem so light - so uniquely he should actually face the death penalty.

I'm sure we wouldn't do that in this case, and given his age and health Canada are unlikely to extradite him in any case - they certainly wouldn't if the death penalty is on the table. 














 You said:

Yup. I have a source inside Williams it isn't just a new nose shape but an entire new front wing assembly. Let's hope it helps them!

And there definitely isn't a new nose. Which is a pity. 




 FOM, and by extension the teams, has 5 sources of revenue. The race fees and the TV money represent 50% each of 1.4 billion of a total of 1.8 billion pre-tax revenue.

So, if you want online streaming you're not going to get it from FOM, you're going to get it from your national broadcaster because providing that would require the renegotiation of every TV rights contract in existence. 

A centralised streaming solution from FOM would also massively devalue the TV rights, meaning there would be little incentive to provide good programming around the races or pay for expert commentators. Furthermore such a devaluation of the TV rights would result in the teams earning less money each year because the streaming revenue would never match the kind of money broadcasters are willing to pay to repackage the product. 




 Ooops. Turns out it was a dummy nose for pitstop practice https://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/3di1qa/radical_williams_nose_turns_out_to_be_a_dummy/ 




 Perhaps, but this picture turned out to be viral marketing gold. Even you repeated their brand name online - it's all free advertising. 




 Fans repeatedly say they want cost controls and better safety systems - when the FIA provides that fans criticise the FIA for doing so.

F1 fans are never happy.  




 [This](http://www.auto123.com/ArtImages/167963/f1-sauber-motorhome-inline.jpg) is Sauber's motorhome, this is [Force India's](http://www.speed-magazin.de/Image/Formel1/Saison2009/Spa/Motorhome_Force-India.jpg). These are not teams struggling with poor facilities and scratching around for two brass farthings to pay the fuel bill.

The lowest paid team on the 2014 grid (Caterham) received just under $60 million, the highest received just over $200 million (Ferrari), the mid point being the $80 million paid to Force India. And before everyone jumps up and down about cost inflation this [2004 economist article](http://www.economist.com/node/2785546), when its numbers are ajusted for [inflation](https://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/38iptr/alex_yoong_with_a_2002_minardi_would_be_p4_on/crvfv3x), shows the front of the grid team's budget's have halved and the back of the grid outfit's budget's have remained the same over 11 years.

FOM's prize money distribution amounts to 1.3 billion or 64% of FOM's operating profit before tax and liabilities are accounted for. The bonus payments amounted to $195 million distributed among the top 5 teams making for only 10% of the operating profit.
 














 No. They offered an 'extra' 8bn over inflation spread across 5 years on top of the 2 billion announced last year, which amounts to an additional 2 billion per year. That makes projected *government* spending in 2020 122 billion, problem is we already have planned *NHS* spending for 2020 at 146.4 billion, and the existing deficit is running around 700 million per year so Osborne actually announced an extra 1.3 billion a year in funding.

The overall funding gap (planned spending vs funding) is 30 billion (6 billion per year) between now and 2020 and the NHS is expected to find 22 billion in 'savings' (i.e. cuts) to close that gap over the same period whilst moving to a 7 day a week staffing model and executing the Stevens Report modernisation programme.

Only way to do this is cut wages at all levels while increasing hours.

What Osborne announced was actually less than a third of the money the NHS needs to operate at current service levels whilst Hunt announced a massive increase in mandated staffing hours. Basically it will translate into a real terms cut because even the chancellor admits finding 22 billion in savings is 'challenging' at best.
 



















 To be fair its those Barristers that defend the less fortunate. They work damned hard for their money, 14 hour days are the norm, frequently longer. 

Many of the lawyers and QCs I've met are certainly elitist swine and offer little respect to those outside their tier of the legal profession, but I'd never say that they didn't deserve what they earn. They work their backsides off in a political environment where everyone really is out to get you, clients included, and achieve very little work/life balance. 














 ALL of the Terrestrial TV channels have received state funding during their histories doubly so for the local version of the TV broadcasts and Welsh language broadcasts.

Channel 4 content, for example, isn't licence fee funded but its digital switchover costs were, and it has been bailed out by the licence fee payers on two occasions. 




 There is no need to have a TV licence if you don't watch terrestrial TV. Simples. 




 Thanks mate, it was 2 years hard work but totally worth it. Its so lovely to see so many new trees on the streets. 




 Good on you for fighting them! 




 Thats a very disappointing attitude from Southwark! 














 She stuck with the plane for a day before realising help was not on the way. 




 Pictures are amazing so far - and 99% of the data remains on new horizons. Imagine what it might be able to tell us. 









 I managed to raise 270,000 through a local program to plant 600 new trees in my part of London (450 per tree which includes three years of watering/maintenance). People really do look after them - I've encountered so many people that repair the tree's supporting posts after cars have hit them, water and feed them or tend the soil around them. It makes me very proud of Londoners - so often seen as uncaring.  




 Thus far they've been unable to find the plane. 




 'Apex Fallacy' is basically an example of trying to shift the argument and sow doubt, following in the well trodden footsteps of creationism, and as an argument is just about as ignorant as the idea that the Earth is 6000 years old.

MRASJWs would like to *assume* that the feminist concept of patriarchy relies on the idea that all men have the same power as those at the top of a given power structure. It doesn't. In feminist thinking a definition of patriarchy is this:-

Patriarchy is an unjust social system that enforces gender roles and is oppressive to both men and women. It includes any social mechanism that evokes male dominance over women. 

Feminism isn't claiming that the men at the top of any given power structure have the same power as all men in that power structure - hence the fundamental idea behind the Apex Fallacy is complete bollocks.

Essentially what you're trying to claim by the use of the term is that feminism's concept of male privilege doesn't acknowledge the suffering of the poor downtrodden men at the bottom of a pyramid of power - who, as they see it, have no power or privilege, therefore there can be no such thing as male privilege or the patriarchy.

The fundamental argument as expressed by Dr. Helen Smith herself in an interview on the topic is this:-

The error in their thinking arises from a collective refusal to acknowledge that the vast majority of male workers toil in the nether regions of our economy. These hordes of men-who make possible feminist lives of leisure-are totally invisible to the harridans who compare women, on aggregate, to the rich and famous alone. Indeed, when judging female progress, juxtaposition is only made with those males at the apex of our status hierarchy. It seems that feminists can discern none but the elite.

Her error in thinking is as obvious as her bias - she is arguing against what *she* sees as the feminist core argument, and her problem is that she doesn't understand that core argument in the slightest. She believes that feminists are elitists and consider only socially powerful men in their thinking and has constructed a nonsense argument against a concept of feminism that she has herself created.

Again this is not the fallacy of composition at all - you would like it to be because that would lend credibility to both your term and argument but it one simply has nothing to do with the other. 




 Any word on how she's doing? 




 The Apex fallacy was coined by a Conservative/Libertarian psychologist in order to refute what she sees as feminism's central argument - lack of equality of representation is lack of power.

Its popular among the men's rights idiots because it was coined by a woman who agrees with their twisted perspective on the world hence it being shipped by MRASJW's all over the place.

It is *not* analogous to the fallacy of composition no matter how hard to try to wish it is so. 




  apex fallacy

More crappy pseudo science from self deluding misogynist fuckwits. 




  It takes a depraved mind to see this and think, "Now that's an uplifting story!"

Speaking as the owner of that mind (I'm OP)... I thought it uplifting because, after seeing her grandparents die in front of her, a 16 year old had enough self possession to realise help was not on its way and find a way to save herself. It must have been an extraordinarily difficult two days for her.

She's one tough person and that deserves recognition - we should all aspire to such strength of mind when the chips are down.

As an imgurian recently [posted](http://imgur.com/gallery/CnIRq), just be the person Jackie Chan wants you to be. 




 It surprised me that Steve Fossett was flying with a crash beacon that was known to be unreliable - if an adventurer of his calibre was caught out I do wonder how many more pilots will continue to fly with outdated/unreliable tech. 




 Considering personal rescue beacons can be bought for [under $300](http://www.flyingmag.com/avionics-gear/pilot-supplies/buyers-guide-personal-locator-beacons?page=0,1), i'd have to agree 




 I've just submitted my question for the London party leadership hustings:-

Like many members of the party I feel let down by the IndyRef, European, and General Election campaigns. As a party we do not appear to have answers to the big questions facing the country and cannot put up a fight. How will you refocus the party and move us forward?

Because this is how I feel about our policy positions and thus far I'm unconvinced by any of the leadership candidates. Their campaign's seem to be more focussed on party factionalism than any uniting vision for the party much less the country.

What is your question and why? 




 Easily - they were able to track the last mobile phone signal from the plane but that wasn't enough to pinpoint its location. Without an emergency beacon there would be nothing anyone could do to locate them more precisely. Many planes have one that activates on impact, but either that didn't work or this plane didn't have one.

People have some very fanciful ideas about what phone networks and mobile GPS can achieve in reality. 




 Pretty impressive feat trekking for so long without proper equipment or food. 




 Quietly. 




 She was with her grandparents. Her father didn't know she was travelling with them but that's not particularly unusual. Other relatives were aware of their journey as they [reported them missing](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/crews-search-plane-vanished-family-board-n390921) 




 Note that things [reported through the 101 service](http://www.heraldscotland.com/news/home-news/crash-girl-found-with-dead-boyfriend-in-crashed-car-after-police-blunder-loses-fight-.1436692241) become 'lost' all the time - I chair a neighbourhood ward panel and complaints being ignored or lost is the top complaint from our community and every other ward in the borough. 




 I can easily believe this happened - in fact I've witnessed a similar incident - she's also reported this to the Police which would be a dumb move if its bullshit. The store will also have the whole thing on video. 
























 [Outraging public decency](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Outraging_public_decency)
 




 I would say that's a fair assessment. 

But the point I was making is that, outside of professional degrees, BAs and BSc's are about level of study - training that improves the way you think, interact and communicate. 

Economically, for the state and the individual, 90% degrees result in higher lifetime earnings absent the relationship of your degree to profession. 




 Yep, turns out the main 'Bum' involved was able to [turn his life around](http://www.unilad.co.uk/articles/anybody-remember-rufus-the-stunt-bum-he-looks-a-bit-different-now/), so at least something positive came out of that horror show. 




 I take your point, but it doesn't matter if its a specifically graduate job or not or if it's aligned to your degree or not. 95% of all degree graduates get a job, the average graduate salary is 31,041 compared to 17,899 for non-graduates even if they are working in non-graduate jobs.

Salaries for every kind of education below degree, including the vocational courses and apprenticeships are much lower. [source](http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/publications/re-reference-tables.html?edition=tcm%3A77-333261).
 




 Media studies is the single most employable academic subject to study - a 93% employment rate, second only to medicine, thats a better employment rate than that of Engineering or Architecture graduates. 




 Several things:-

This happened in Liverpool City Centre at 2am, there can't have been a great deal going on because the officers had time to be concerned with what they suspected might be a *minor* drugs offence - a 'crime' that most City Centre Police would ignore because they're there to deal with public order. 

The general policy is to avoid all but the most egregious offences in order to keep bodies on the street and keep the custody suite manageable in most *busy* town centres.

An arrest would put both officers back at the station for 4 hours while they dealt with the paperwork and if they were at the end of their shift they would get overtime - this was potentially their goal.

Don't disagree that both the officer and guy in question were being dicks, but the officers interest in such interest in such a common transaction and minor offence makes me very suspicious of their motives. There appears to have been no need to handcuff the chap to ask questions either - although we don't know what physical confrontation went on prior to the removal of the suspects phone. 




 I don't think the officer had reasonable suspicion to begin with, the officers were just bored and looking for something to do.

Its not unusual for people to give the homeless money and it's a very big stretch for the officers concerned to believe that they were exchanging drugs. 




 Agreed, but I'm still not certain it won't amount to a real terms cut to an important sector of the economy that could be growing faster. 




 I'm hoping the new Mayor will do a better job of getting a grip on planning - Boris has allowed a free for all which I don't think is going to be a good thing in the long term. 




  2% guarantee to defense is good. Our new carriers and procurement programs need more funding not less.

2% is actually a [reduction from the current level](http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/MS.MIL.XPND.GD.ZS) - 2.4% in 2010 down to 2.1% last year.
 









 Have a look at [James Allen's Strategy Report](http://www.jamesallenonf1.com/2015/07/analysis-did-strategy-cost-williams-the-chance-of-victory-in-british-gp/)

Merc would still have won the race, but with some better calls Williams should have been on the podium. 




 Apparently they were told there was a fire at first hence the rush. 

Still, I'd wait for the panicked to stampede each other before trying to leave. The safety systems underground are pretty good. 









 Apparently 1,000 - its been widely reported in other media so I don't believe that this is a case of exaggeration. 




 Perhaps. They've come a very long way this season on a third of Ferrari's budget - the momentum is clearly with their engineering and aero teams.

Nothing made me happier than seeing the two Williams leapfrog Merc at the British Grand Prix. 














 Conservatives. 














 What basis do you have for that belief? (genuinely curious). 




 Lovely attitude towards the many Type 1, 1.5, and Type 2 Diabetics who have inherited the disease through their genes - doing nothing to deserve this horrible curse.

Many diabetics of all types will tell you that their Diabetes was preceded by a serious viral infection - and there is a weight of scientific research that supports that view.

I wonder if your wholly ignorant attitude will change when Altzheimers Disease turns out to be [Type 3 Diabetes](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2769828/)?

The overwhelming majority of Diabetics are not, and never have been, overweight. Many Diabetics struggle with their weight after diagnosis because the two main drugs that treat T2, and insulin for T1/1.5's cause weight gain as a side effect.. 

While there is a correlation between [abdominal central obesity](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abdominal_obesity) and Diabetes, it isn't a causative link, and no other types of obesity are linked to the illness. We still don't fully understand the nature of the link just as we don't fully understand Diabetes or [Metabolic Syndrome](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metabolic_syndrome). 

There are plenty of fat people who are not diabetic, even in old age, and plenty of thin people who become Diabetic so your hypothesis that Diabetes is the fault of the person, inferring that it is a disease of overeating, is simply false. 

 




 If China or Russia were going to intervene, you can bet they've been asked by Greece already, they would have done so by now.  




 This section of the article refers to the 'fashionable' solution i.e. Williams, RBR, Torro Rosso, McLaren etc all have similar nose designs with a common concept - *most* of the teams are going that way.

The fashionable solution has been the short nose concept, first raced by Williams but subsequently copied by Red Bull and McLaren.

The Lotus/Mercedes solution, much admired, isn't a 'fashionable' or common solution to the current rules across the grid, hence their omission from this particular list. 




 IMO talk of Manor not racing next year is just overblown cynicism and misunderstands the facts. 

The team's losses are down to 4.7 million from over 57 million the previous year while revenue is up to 60 million. The 2014 prize money they are due to receive does not equate to a sensible reason for Stephen Fitzpatrick to fund the team and he has committed to at least 12 months further funding (until June next year). In short they've survived the crisis and can now try and rebuild the team.

They're gaining sponsors, surprisingly Mehri isn't a pay driver, and they had a legitimate shot a points at Silverstone - its going to take at least two years but they're getting there. 




 Imgur OP is not the same as reddit OP. 




 Thats awful - I've been bald since I was 21 so I know how it feels.

We were given these black bars of soap for her to wash her head with, and the patches (which were only 9 months old, I don't know if time is a factor), slowly vanished over three months.

If you haven't tried it we would recommend giving it a go - it was a shot in the dark but in the scheme of things it was relatively inexpensive. 




 The Mercedes short nose appears to be the 'best' solution, followed by the Williams short nose which was copied by RBR and others, the 'nostril' design seems to be a happy medium between the two allowing easy (as in cheap) crash tests and decent aero. Props to FI for coming up with something good looking and inventive!

Bet you'll see Manor/Sauber etc copy the design. 





































































 The source of the stress had long since vanished, but the alopecia remained. We were told (by western doctors) that once you have it, it's hard to get rid of no matter if the cause has resolved. 




 I don't wholly disagree - its that the city planners have aggressively pursued landmark buildings that don't disturb the protected views. I don't have a huge problem with the buildings individually - just collectively I'm not sure they add up to 'good'. 




 Actually a bar of soap (several in fact). Interesting stuff and it worked very quickly too. We were both very skeptical but since everything else had been tried we figured why not. 




 My only issue is that it ruins the view upriver from the east side of tower bridge - all you can see framed in the bridge is the walkie talkie. 

I'm getting concerned that we've gone too far in the pursuit of a distinctive skyline. Between the Gherkin, Cheese Grater, Fan Tower, Shard, Walkie Talkie and the rest I'm beginning to wonder if we can design a simple aesthetically pleasing building anymore. All the new buildings are boring bordering on ugly or completely mad! 




 The hair treatment (stress related alopecia) my partner got cost 100 + the consultation fee. These places do pretty well and there is a large asian community in Streatham.

The treatment worked, and it was the only treatment that did. 




 It was part of Mosley's $40 million cost cap - I think engine component was 10$ million or so.

Cue discussion on cost caps: They don't work because any team can form and fund an outside company to develop tech and then sell it to the team for a peppercorn amount - the FIA cannot oversee the teams to the required extent that would prove this is happening or to prevent it happening. See salary caps in any sport. 




 In fairness to the FIA the problem they're adjusting for is that one set of rules lasts only so long before the teams have extracted the maximum from them and the cars have become so fast that its unsafe. 
























 There isn't anything wrong with radio communications and it's very hard to know whats going on with a modern car without information on whats happening with the tyres. Doing something like this will have three immediate effects:-

- The team *really* will make the cars easier to drive because there is only so much one person can do behind the wheel and you can't make the car work without knowing the tyre temps.
- The teams will change the tyre specs to make life easier for the drivers.
- The teams will just furnish the information now delivered over the radio in the cockpit displays.

Basically all of this is down to the fact that fans, at last, can hear some of whats happening on the radio (and has been happening since radios went in to F1) and in frustration are using that increased knowledge to draw spurious conclusions.

For the millionth time fans in this sub say the golden eras of F1 are the 80s and 00's and those are periods where the sport was a dictatorship and there were no limits on radio messages. This kind of information being delivered to the drivers isn't new or any kind of problem. 




 Nothing until Friday morning - expect severe disruption Friday - all the trains will be in the wrong places. 




 No problem - I hope you make your flight in plenty of time. 




 Uswitch is little more than fancy classified ads - their top recommendations are paid for promotional spots. 

MSE used to be good but the banks and energy companies are manipulating the results using their referral schemes (which is how MSE makes money). Basically they only allow the sites to advertise certain things which limits the possible recommendations.

You rely on the energy company for the data that makes these sites work, but they use estimated billing to inflate the figures which limits the recommended tariffs further.

Look into the business model that underlies this system. It's basically predatory. 




 My local firm are pretty reliable - they're called Courier Cars 020 8771 3939 - first rule of London cabs applies - always ask the price when booking and never pay the driver more than that unless its a tip.

Battersea cars are closer to you so worth checking the price with them too 020 7978 3300  




 They usually are - but i will say from where I live in Zone 3 it's 40 for a cab to Heathrow so for safety's sake it might be better booking with a local firm. 




 Get the 137 Bus to Marble Arch, then the 23 to Paddington and take the Heathrow Express. 

The express is a bit pricey so you might find a uber cheaper/less hassle. 




 You mean robbing from the fee paying public to give to the formerly fee paying public? 









 
The ASLEF, RMT, Unite and TSSA unions are currently planning strike action, affecting Tube services. If this goes ahead, we expect the following: 

Wednesday 8 July
Tube services will stop running at around 18:00, so please complete any Tube journeys by that time. Services are expected to be exceptionally busy between 16:00 and 18:00. Please travel earlier if you can and allow more time for your journey. 

Thursday 9 July
There will be no Tube service all day. Extra bus and river services will run. Other public transport and roads will be much busier than usual, especially during peak hours. Please travel outside the peak times if you can. 

Friday 10 July
There may be some disruption during the morning as services resume. 

Staff on the bus network, the DLR, London Overground, TfL Rail, Trams, river services, Emirates Air Line and Santander Cycles are not on strike. There is separate strike action by the RMT on First Great Western services from Thursday 9 July for 48-hours. As always, we advise you to check with your train operator or national rail enquiries. All of these services are expected to be much busier than usual.  




 Sure, if your direct debit is too high vs your usage that's a different kettle of fish. 

Most people, however, will be significantly in credit through the spring and summer to compensate for the autumn and winter quarters when their usage is higher - thats how the present system is designed to work.  




 They won't give it back because it's actually their money. Basically the price you're paying is on a calendar year estimate and while they charge monthly they bill quarterly - so while you might be in credit for 11 out of 12 months when they bill the last quarter you'll find the credit disappears. 




 I have done so, the last switch took four months to complete and I'm still being billed by both companies. As a result of the mess I'm also trapped with one supplier. 




 This is simply nonsense. 




 Really no - the supposed theory behind utility privatisation was that the companies through being more efficient would yield savings and these would be passed on to the consumer. They would also be pressured by free market competition into providing stable and competitive pricing rather than price gouging - but of course the economies of scale to allow this to happen didn't exist in the market as it was privitised.

In fact what happened is that the privatised companies were conglomerated by large european utility companies into near monopolies and, as there was virtually no real money in the consumer energy market, all became vertically integrated (owning generation as well as supply). They were successful in their efforts to craft legislation that benefited them because as both the supplier and generator the government was utterly beholden to them for a functioning energy market, so there is essentially no competition.

Ultimately privatisation made the government accounts look good for a brief period and the public was instead bilked for more money from its own pocket book rather than the government's. The Tory governments bathed themselves in their smug free market glow - but as usual the public paid nasally - the government still pays for the distribution infrastructure via our taxes, the public pays more than it should for energy. 




 If only I could do that - considering you're supposed to be able to do this for your phone, TV, energy, water, and all the rest all I'd ever do is negotiate pricing.  




 I'm an Ovo customer - they offer just the same service as everyone else and just the same poor behaviour. 




 70% of all consumers, regardless of switching, paid more than they should have - basically the market is dysfunctional and operates to the benefit of the businesses, not the consumers.

In order to obtain the 'best' (whatever that actually means) deal you *have* to move every 12 months and you are entirely reliant on third party meta business for information on what is or isn't the best deal. Those third party businesses don't operate to the benefit of the consumer because their income stream is dependent on referral or product placement fees from the businesses they recommend.

At no stage in any of this is the consumer actually the customer, so the market responds to the needs of government and businesses, not the consumer.

Same problem in the rail industry - government is the customer not the end user. 














 Very true. On a level though I'm pleased that some kind of effort is underway, for now I'm going to cross my fingers and hope it works. 









 Beginning in September, about 40 community meetings will be held across Australia, possibly culminating in a national convention. The aim is to reach consensus on precisely how the constitution should be changed, and to agree a question to be put to the electorate in 2017. Even Aboriginal leaders, though, are divided on issues such as whether a clause outlawing racial discrimination should be written into the document.

It would seem so, or at least there is a process in place that will hopefully lead to a referendum securing the double majority needed to change the constitution. 




