 i thought bears ate bones too? 




 He gets asked, "well, if you don't get paid, how do you keep the food on the table?"

He answers, "I keep the tips" 




 What if you lead someone into your home. You kill them and feed them to a grizzly bear that.frequents your home. You follow the bear and pick up its poo. You then put the poo in a bucket, buy weather balloons, let the wind carry the poo away. It will fall eventually, and wherever it falls, someone would assume its disposal from an airplane, and no one is going to investigate the poo 




 This is nothing. In Houston I saw the news of an 18 year old going to prison for raping a 29 year old with down syndrome multiple times 









 http://www.ushmm.org/wlc/mobile/en/gallery.php?ModuleId=10005168 MediaType=PH 




 http://www.ushmm.org/wlc/mobile/en/gallery.php?ModuleId=10005168 MediaType=PH  




 What if we got a shank made of Sugar and stab someone. Leave them on the floor so ants can come and eat the candy shank. Then some would think the ants killed the person and made a hole in their body? 









 Soon. 




 This is a picture from WWII of kids using suits provided by the Nazis after getting tested on. What is creepier is that in the movie Despicable Me and Minions, the main character groo genetically engineered his henchmen just like in experiments these kids went through 









 What about the Greeks? 




 Need banana for scale 




 Creepy tomatillo 




 Or that the CEO of Susan g komen pockets 600k a year 




 I guessing that's your mom or SOs phone, you are a guy, and you took this pic with your own phone 




 I don't think anything with "Ellen pao" on it is worth reading anyway 




 Someone pls post the Stevie wonder gif from /r/imgoingtohellforthis where he makes fyn of himself and says he's not black 




 Also ones that say time sensitive material is enclosed 




 Post this on /r/nottheonion 




 Can people of Detroit afford this? 




 Step 2: Get bitches 




 I think "dumb bitches" sums this article up 




 Muhammad, 3 TONS of explosives. What the fuck is wrong with people? 




 Tell me this came after the /r/mildlyinteresting post 




 Most likely he was jacking off actively and had no time to stop the bullet penetrating him softly 




 Lol I read kanye instead. I was like wtf he makes art? 




 His friend didn't make this. He found this online and posted it saying his friend did this, he didn't. Guaranteed this has been posted 3 times before. Op is a bundle of sticks 




 You still look fat 




 So if there is ice, there must be water right? If the ice melts? 




 Yeah!!!!, 




 Thanks for being so nice about it 




 Sorry I'm on my phone 




 Looks like a shadow Lego man is at the right of the tv 




 Step 1 be named Muhammad

Step 2 get followers

Step 3 prophet


Edit: Yay I fixed it!
 




 Justin actually looks like a woman 




 All I need now is to see a giraffe anus 




 They deleted the account for that video 




 Looks like the other guy has a sword up his ass 




 I feel like not wearing a bra would be easier 




 I can't believe I saw a rhino anus 




 threatens to kill "El Trumpo" aka "the Donald" 




 For some reason I thought her liver came out of her wrist 




 Is this post brought by Donald Trump? I feel like he's going to say, "since we freed the slaves look at all the shit they have done" srsly not all people are bad 




 Lol I'm searching for da pussy 




 I prefer to call him Jebron Lames 




 The car. The fucking piece of shit gave way in the middle of a highway and I ended up causing a collision. Where all 28 people died from one truck that rear ended me. Poor Mexicans. It is still something I have to overCOMB

--This message brought to you my Donald Trump 




 Ask when his machine was calibrated and how.  




 Well I would get pissed I couldn't finish my tunnel 




 Yeah everyone loves him for the most part. He donated shit tons to charity, schools, etc Some Mexican see him as a robin hood doing bad to do good 




 Lapras cause he is a dinosaur 




 Chuck e cheese guy fell on a disabled kid on his birthday. Gave him an expired coupon 




 For every second of fame my dick grows an inch 




 My asshole prolapsed 




 "3 gallons of blood in his dick" 




 Chapo guzman 




 Pussy 




 Residency 




 Yes I know but shrek is life 




 Ignorance is bliss by beartooth 




 In eight grade I saw a video of chips decapitating a drug lord. Sick stuff. There are blogs of druglords and cartels. Also Mexicans support el Chapo Guzman sorta. They pray for him, etc. He is considered like a Mexican Robin Hood. He literally donates shit tons to neighborhoods, schools, etc 




 About two and a half times the US population ~700000000 of people don't have access to clean water. Literally they could drink my pee and it would be cleaner than the water around them. 




 Lol wtf diet water? What the hell has less calories than regular water? 




 She's a wanker 




 We need to legalize this now 




 Masturbating in my first grade class was weird because I like cummed I guess it was like 2 drops of clear sticky liquid. I rub my dick on the floor 




 Ability to persuade others into anything 




