 See you down in Arizona Bay.  









 Stop trying to make Fetch happen. 

It's not going to happen.  




 According to Wikipedia, pump-action shotguns are illegal if they hold more than 5 rounds.

I'm not an expert, but in skimming how the Australian gun laws Wiki page, they break things down into different categories, and the higher the category, the more restrictive the regulations on ownership.

Since this is a lever-action gun, I'm guess that allows it to fall under the least restrictive category, which is what has the antis all pissed off, since it's a technical solution to a bureaucratically-induced limitation.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gun_laws_in_Australia 




 But I thought that the gun laws passed in the wake of Port Arthur were the envy of the world and ended violence there.  




 Sci-fi author Peter Watts wrote the novel Blindsight specifically to play with this concept. 

It's part of his back catalog, and available for free on his website here:
http://www.rifters.com/real/Blindsight.htm

Blindsight is easily one of the best sf novels of the last 20 years. 




 http://giphy.com/search/mind-blown/ 




 Newsweek couldn't hack it any longer as a printed news outlet and went under. 

From this article, it's abundantly clear that the Newsweek site under control of The Daily Beast hopes to gin up hits by being yet another Huffington post clone.  














 I guess he missed the fact that the NRA has, by far, the largest number of certified instructors, the most widespread training programs, and the largest budgets slotted for creation and distribution of safety materials.  
























 "Racist" is misspelled, and it bugs the crap out of me every time this meme pops up.
 




 They do note that they don't have a problem with concealed carry.

 









 HA!


You know what?

I'm leaving it as is. 




 The old paradigm, says Gross, who has a background in advertising, was keeping certain guns away from all people. (Assault rifles, for example.) The new one, which focuses on background checks, is about keeping all guns away from certain people. (People with criminal records, domestic abusers, the mentally ill.) 

This particular bit of bullshit jumped right out at me. If Dan Gross were the least bit serious about implementing this as a policy stance, the Brady Campaign would be suing the shit out of states and municipalities that have bans on so-called "assault weapons," magazines, and even calling for the feds to repeal GCA '68 and NFA '34.

I also find it highly amusing that the one state-level victory they point to; the background check law in Washington, is not being enforced, and is, by all accounts, being flouted on a continual basis. Yeah, that's a real win there, fella. 




 Sounds like they're late to the punch. 

The pro-gun movement has been using the same strategies as the gat marriage movement for about a decade now.  




 Of course or does, but we should note concern ourselves with trying to please them.  




 Trump almost certainly won't be the GOP nominee. 

He doesn't have the support of either the big money GOP machine supporters or the grass roots support you see for Cruz or Walker. 

He gets a lot of air time because he's a rich blow hard and makes for amusing news coverage.  




 The 2 million stat is derived from studies undertaken by criminologist Gary Kleck.

His results are on the high side, but not necessarily unrealistic. Other studies have come up with numbers ranging from 60,000 (from the deeply anti-gun and highly partisan VPC) to 500,000, and 1,500,000.

As for people mistakenly using a gun illegally, this seems to be fairly rare, though I'm not aware of any specific studies. You could probably use the conviction rates of concealed carry permittees as a reasonable proxy. 

 









 The best lucid dream I ever experienced started when I was dreaming that I was doing push ups. 

Around push up 45 I realized I wasn't suffering any muscle fatigue, and that's when I realized I was dreaming. 




 Vice, you used to be cool.  




 As opposed to what? The fat, gun-toting racists in the Arab world?



https://youtu.be/IJEO3rmefmI 




 . 




 It's a response employed by brainless idiots who are actually incapable of having rational discussions regarding the limitations of governments. 

In short, it's a response only slightly more idiotic than "if you love freedom so much, then why don't you marry it?!"

 




 *DINGDINGDING*

We have a winner. 




 Merica! Yeah!  




 Well, boys, time to pack it in. The forces of gun control have Kim Kardashian on their side. 




 Tl;dr: any time someone mentions Australia in a gun control debate, it's a leftist dog whistle for coersion and confiscation. 




 Ah, yes, the old "it's not confiscation if we coerce you" line of thinking. 

Do you actually believe people but that line of bullshit, or are you just so stupid that you honestly believe it yourself? 














 Joke's on them. I run ad block plus, ghostery, and noscript. 














 The long-term goal here is to spin up a machine designed to feed credulous members of the media gun control talking points while maintaining the cover of using a supposedly "impartial" source.

Think of it as a news media equivalent of the Bloomberg school of public health, but instead of using the public (and reporters') innate trust of the medical establishment, they're using the cover of being a supposedly impartial media source.

I expect that part of the reason for this is that the public has largely figured out that when the mass media quotes organizations like Brady or VPC in a story that they're lacking in credibility.

There was a similar attempt a number of years back where The Joyce Foundation threw money at academics to attempt to re-write historical and legal precedent on the 2nd amendment to redefine it as a "collective right."

Off the top of my head, the most notable academics to help perpetrate this fraud were Cornell West (yes, the Cornell West that had a bit part in The Matrix 2), and Michael Bellesiles, whose book on guns was so fraught with outright fraud that it essentially destroyed his career. 



















 Oh, look, 16 minutes of my life I would never be able to recover. 









 But the Democrats promised that if we passed their gun control proposals these sorts of things wouldn't happen!  









 Nice photo! 

Consider sharing it with /r/perfecttiming, they'll get a kick out of it.  




 The forces of anti-gun bigotry are fans of the long con. 

Always have been, always will be, because their end-state goals would never actually fly among the general populace.  




 And anyone who has a full gas can is just in on the conspiracy.  




 Nice!  









 Sweet! Thanks for another reminder!

I've donated another $5 to the New York State Rifle and Pistol Association on your behalf!

Since you've been so helpful, I've upvoted your post.

:-) 




 Hey there!

Thanks for the reminder!

I've donated $5 to the New York State Rifle and Pistol Association for you!

They're helping to fight the draconian laws that were passed there.

Incidentally, would you care to explain why you think someone should be thrown in prison simply for a grip?

I mean, it seems to be kind of cowardly to want to imprison people because of how they hold an object.

http://imgur.com/y5AHiv0 














 Why don't you go join your local PD and see if you still feel the same way after a year or so spent doing 3rd shift patrol duty.  









 Given that the State Department tried to Crack down on Defense Distributed, which holds no information that is proprietary to the defense industry or related to national defense, I have a hard time believing that they wouldn't use these proposed regulations to go after other people or organizations with  similar phoney-baloney claims. 

The protections in the proposal are frankly pretty weak sauce.  




 The Brady Campaign argued that their members fear personal violence if the law stands.

All two of them?  




 HUFFPO gonna HUFFBLOW. 









 Agree. 

My take is that State really didn't like how Cody Wilson dodged their attempt to creak down on him, and this is a proposal aimed squarely at him (that also has a lot of splash damage for the rest of us.) 




 Steve Israel is a deeply stupid person. 

Only thing I can figure is that he's just trying to suck up to Chuck Schumer.  









 David Hemenway is probably at the top of their list.  









 Didn't this lunatic get censured by the Catholic church or something?  




 No problem. Sorry for the lack of source, in on mobile. 

However, iirc this conclusion can be found in the "technical guidance" letters that came out of the governor's office. 

Googling should turn them up.  




 This was brought up in the lawsuit to challenge the Colorado magazine ban. 

The state's response was that it was perfectly legal to have the magazine so long as you only used it with the cartridges that limited the capacity e.g. .458 SOCOM. 

Putting other cartridges in the magazine that would allow you to load more than the legal limit (.223) would result in a fine and a trip top the slammer. 

It's a perfect example of just how insane these laws actually are.  




 Not even. It's just a trend I've noticed.  




 Why is it that whenever someone in academia days something completely idiotic, they're either a representative of the soft sciences or an administrator?  




 Joke's on them. I use ad block plus.  




 Which is why English majors shouldn't be allowed in machine shops.  









 Betteridge's Law of Headlines applies here.  














 Just out of curiosity, I checked /r/mets and /r/MLB and this stunt didn't even rate a mention in either of those subs.

No one cares about this stupid political stunt.  




 But nobody wants to take away your guns, amiright? 









 "Banana for scale." 




 During the federal ban from 1994-2004 they were going for twice that cost. 

Not that it would stop some lunatic from maxing out his mom's credit card in order to get one.  




 Cool! 

Thanks! 




 The issue, though, is that trying to separate "gun violence" into it's own special category is, in most cases, disingenuous.

Even if you work from the assumption that passing gun control works, and drives down "gun violence," without actually addressing the underlying issues of that violence, all that happens is that alternate methods of inflicting harm are substituted, with no real effect on the rate of overall violence. 




 I'm guessing that's a reference to AR15-based pistols and the recent attempt to ban M855. 




 So, out of curiosity, I went back and added up all of the donations to various pro-gun organizations that I've donated to in the names of the various graboids that haunt our hallways, and figured some of you guys would be interested in seeing the breakdown.

So here it is:
CALGUNS Foundation: $10

Second Amendment Foundation: $5

Virginia Citizens' Defense League: $5

The Independence Institute: $5

Students for Concealed Carry: $5

CALGUNS Foundation: $10 (I should have just done the $20 donation and reaped some swag...)

The Independence Institute: $5

Oregon Firearms Federation: $5 (and they sent me a couple stickers!)

Texas State Rifle and Pistol Association: $5

NRA-ILA: $10

Second Amendment Foundation: $5


*Total: $70*

I'd like to thank our resident trolls for enabling me to donate a grand total of $70 to various pro-gun organizations. Until now, I've always just been one of those people who sends off $25 once a year to the NRA and then feels vaguely guilty about not doing more to fight for civil rights.

Because of our pet graboids, I've now donated nearly 3x the amount of an annual NRA membership to various organizations working to advance gun rights, including some small, but deserving groups of people.

The old saying is true. Turns out it truly is better to give than to receive.

:) 




 What an idiotic proposal; even by the already drop-dead moronic standards of the average graboid.

Passing this law would be the death knell of the gun control movement, and here's why.

Let's say that this proposal is magically signed into law by Obama next Monday.

By Wednesday afternoon the NRA would spin up a program whereby they'd offer discounted liability insurance to any gun owner who becomes an NRA member*. 

By Friday morning, the NRA would probably have something like 10 million new members.

Two weeks down the road, their ranks would swell to ~30 million members.

A month later, the rolls would probably stabilize at a total of around 50 million new NRA members, making the NRA easily the biggest, best funded, and most cantankerous grassroots organization in United States political history.

The NRA's war chest would swell to record proportions, and not only would we live in a world where every gun control proposal would be utterly eviscerated, and their advocates publicly humiliated, but you'd end up seeing the repeal of every gun control law back to the Sullivan Act.

Sure, it would leave us in a situation where we'd all have to pay an annual fee for some piddly insurance policy**, but that would be a fairly small price to pay in exchange for being able to order a belt-fed grenade launcher via Amazon (Free shipping for Prime Members!).


*Remember, the NRA already has something of an insurance infrastructure already in place, as they insure most shooting ranges, as well as work with a company to offer insurance plans for gun collections.


**After all, the NRA wouldn't work to repeal the law that vaults them into the political stratosphere. 




 No worries, if you don't have the scratch, it's no big deal.

Hell, my bank account certainly doesn't reach even .0001% of the depths of stupidity regularly exhibited by the anti-gun trolls on Reddit, which is why I figured it would be cool to turn it into a call to action for anyone who wanted, or had the means, to participate.

So donate when you can, but don't beat yourself up if you have more important financial obligations to take care of. 




 In the fight to preserve liberty, I have no problem whatsoever with opponents who show up on game day on the short bus. 




 Maybe CSGV envisions itself as the future equivalent of a Soviet Trampler Brigade from WWII?

http://militaryhistorymatters.blogspot.com/2009/02/soviet-penal-battalions.html 




 Respectfully, I must disagree, especially in this case.

Look at the historical symbolism (going all the way back to General Gadsden and Benjamin Franklin) inherent to using a rattlesnake for a symbol. It's not an animal that goes out of its way to attack; in fact, they're quite content to be left alone, and will typically only strike in self-defense.

Now, compare that to the symbolism that CSGV has added: a bare, human foot attempting to deliberately stomp, to death, an animal that simply wishes to be left alone.

Now, you can argue that this does reflect a facet of humanity, but it's not the "starry-eyed dream version" of humanity you spoke of.

Rather, the facet of humanity CSGV are symbolizing is arguably the worst part of human nature: the drive to dehumanize, outgroup, attack, and kill those who you disagree with. 

This poster isn't a representation of pie-in-the-sky hippy-dippy idealism. It's a representation of a wish to obliterate and kill what they irrationally fear and hate.

The one thing that I find heartening in the whole image is that they were evidently too stupid to bother putting on boots before trying to stomp a poisonous snake to death, which indicates that our foes fly their idiocy and lack of preparation right on their very own flag. 




 Good.  




 The anti-gun movement possesses none of the things listed on that foot.  




 Thanks 














 You guys have no idea how happy it makes me to see this thread. 

Thanks for picking up the idea and running with it.  




 Everyone look out! They've got Perez Hilton! 

We're doomed! 




 Most of them are deeply narcissistic. 

Thankfully, they're usually too cowardly to act on their beliefs.  




 For what it's worth, the choice of venue, density of people, limited access to exits, and ability to control the environment by locking or blocking doors seems to play a tremendously significant role in the number of victims in mass shootings. 

Control of the environment is a theme that shows up over and over again in these sorts of incidents, and frankly, is far more worrisome than whether the perp used a scary black gun or "high capacity" magazines. 

TL;DR: The size of the magazine in the gun doesn't give much of a performance boost when you're shooting fish in a barrel.  




 It's my understanding that silencers were included in the NFA to dissuade poaching. 

No idea how much truth there is to that claim, though. 




 I agree with this as well.

All humans make choices based on emotions and feelings at one time or another, and in many cases, an individual may not have the ability or interest to weigh arguments based on logic and reason, and will instead opt to go with a feeling, or gut reaction.

As such, it behooves us to have arguments of all sorts ready to go, be they reasoned, emotional, psychological or sociological.

The article was fairly "meh" though. I was looking for a more academic analysis of Australia's crime. 




 No updates in two years and 24 subscribers. 

I'm pretty sure that the sub with pictures of dragons fucking cars is more active and popular than all of the gun control subs combined.  




 Is that sub still even a thing?

Last time I looked, it was pretty much two pity-worthy guys who don't get enough sunlight, and their 47 sock puppet accounts. 




 Believe it or not, Wired published an article on the AR15, and it's a pretty decent primer on why the gun is so popular.

http://www.wired.com/2013/02/ar-15/

The bottom line is that the AR15 is no less dangerous than a regular hunting rifle, as it fires much weaker rounds.

In it's favor, it's a jack of all trades, and dominates a lot of applications from precision competition (Service Rifle, National Match Rifle), to home defense, to Action Sports, to patrol service, and even some hunting applications.

 









 Awesome news. 

It's been interesting to watch the American Suppressor Association racking up wins at the state level, while apparently flying under the radar of most of the grabber set.  




 Whattup, nonja? 

Thanks for the reminder! 

I've just donated $10 to The Calguns Foundation for you! 

They fight for the 2nd amendment rights of all Californians! 

Cheers!  









 Joan Peterson is a lunatic. 

Her blog is like reading the ravings of a paranoid schizophrenic.  




 At least he's honest about his intentions. 

This, at least, makes him a better person than the other true-believing losers who advocate for "gun safety." 




 If God doesn't want me to have a gun, He/She/It can show up on my doorstep and make the request in person. 




 In the fight to preserve civil rights, I would much prefer that our opponents show up on game day riding the short bus. 




 Way to go, son!

You just netted $5 for the Second Amendment Foundation.

In case you weren't aware, they just won a preliminary injunction to challenge Washington DC's unconstitutional gun laws!

As far as your claim about me being a liar, we'll just chalk that up to a case of projection.

Cheers!

:-) 




 If you're going to donate to a Colorado organization, donate to CSSA or the Independence Institute. 

CSSA:
http://cssa.org/news.php

Independence Institute:
http://www.i2i.org/ 




 Merging atf with the FBI is a terrible idea because the last thing the pro-gun movement needs is a federal organization that's professional, competent, zealous in their execution, and generally well-respected by the public.  









 It's easier to hate someone if you dehumanize them first. 

 




 If it operates anything like the old Striker 12 shotgun, it's basically nothing but an overgrown DA revolver. 




 Tee-hee!

$5 donated to Students for Concealed Carry!

This is fun!

:-) 




 Not sure where I saw it, but someone made an excellent point about this proposal:

If it gets passed into law, it would re-insert into the legal system the janky-ass definition of "assault weapon" that the grabber set loves, and it would do it in a way that would be embraced by gun owners.

This should be opposed at every level. 




 No idea what you're talking about, the Independence Institute is strictly libertarian.

Thanks for yet another reminder!

I've now donated $5 to the Virginia Citizens' Defense League!

Cheers!

:-) 




 Thanks for the reminder!

Because of you, I've just donated $5 to The Independence Institute.

They're working to repeal or amend the ineffective magazine ban and background check laws in Colorado!

Cheers! 




 It's been awhile since I've logged into Reddit, been busy at work.

That said, thanks for the reminder! 

:-)

In addition to the $400+ order I've put in for various supplies, I've also opted to make a $10 donation to the Calguns foundation.

Cheers! 




  That part sounds super iffy, because how do you calculate the "burn" for either fat or carbs? I thought cells primarily "burned" glucose, not fat/carbs? Maybe I'm mis-remembering high school bio, but I thought that larger stuff like fat/carb/protein was broken down beforehand into glucose and other simple sugars to be "used"/"burned" by cells?

First off, I'm not an expert, don't have a background in this stuff, and have been trying to get a better handle on it purely as a layman who's interested in improving physical fitness. 

As I understand it, you're correct that the body uses glucose as a fuel for physical activity. However, your body only has a limited store of ready-to-go glucose on hand, and intense physical activity can rapidly deplete this supply.

Once your body's supply of glucose is depleted, in order to continue generating fuel for your exercise, the body has to switch over to breaking down fat and carbohydrates into glucose* that it can then utilize.

Evidently, one way to measure this is to determine what's called your VO2 max, basically the maximum volume of oxygen your body can utilize.

Here's an article that looks like it breaks down the process and machine used for testing that OP is talking about:

http://www.dcrainmaker.com/2012/01/look-at-testing-with-new-leaf-fitness.html


*Not totally sure on this bit. 









 So, you're the one!  




 http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-A7vnGuOGX3U/UoRNaEvKbuI/AAAAAAAAAr0/Atix_kezhBo/s1600/goldilocks_480gif.gif 




 "You first." 




 I'm not a mod, so I can't ban 'em.

Decided to do the next best thing. 




 To whoever hooked me up with Reddit Gold:

Thank you. 




 Thanks for catching this. I've fixed the link. 




 Wow.

 




 Much of my issue with him comes from the fact that he advocates for homeopathic or alternative medicine, is an anti-vaxxer, and opposes GMO foods.

His views on guns are just par for the course. 




 I like this idea.  




 I'm perfectly OK with that and here's why:

Let's say someone here tried to engage a graboid in a discussion. 

And the graboid responds. 

There is now a pretty good chance that his response will result in a donation to a pro-gun organization in his name.  




 Awesome, thanks!  




 I wonder how hard it would be to list a weekly running tally of the amount raised by each troll in their troll flair? 

It would be like a race to see which one is the best at raising money for gun rights! 

/u/whubbard is that something we could do?  




 ZOMG, the response to this has been awesome! 

I love you guys!  




 They broke into the wrong damn rec room!  




 Oregon Firearms Federation 

https://oregonfirearms.ejoinme.org/MyPages/DonationPage/tabid/70447/Default.aspx 




 The pac for the Oregon Firearms Federation (Oregon's only no compromise gun lobby!) is grateful for your contribution of $5.

I was able to list your username as the tribute for the donation. 

Thanks!  




 Let's start a list of pro-gun charities in case anyone needs a quick link. Post links in response to this post. 

NRA-ILA

https://www.nraila.org/donate/

Second Amendment Foundation

https://www.saf.org/?page_id=66

Texas State Rifle Association

https://www.tsra.com/donate/

Independence Institute

http://www.i2i.org/#

 




 By all means please spread this far and wide! 




 Lately, it seems like the level of discourse around here has gotten worse, and this is due to an influx of graboid trolls who are only interested in disrupting the discussions, instead of actually trying to take part.

The mods here are big believers in the right to free expression, so the trolls don't get banned.

So I've decided to turn the aimless hate and vitriol of our trolls into a positive outlet for the 2nd Amendment.

Every time I come across a post from a graboid troll, I whip out my wallet and make a small donation ($5, or whatever the allowable minimum is) to a pro-gun organization that I pick at random.

Let me tell you, this feels AMAZING. Instead of being upset and crabby at some idiot troll (giving them exactly what they need) I now feel great because I'm helping out others. In fact, so far, our resident troll, tall_liberal2, has been responsible for me donating to the NRA-ILA, the Second Amendment Foundation, the Texas State Rifle Association, and the Independence Institute.

I didn't want to keep it to myself, so I figured I'd throw a post up and see if anyone else would be interested in taking part in a Charity Troll Challenge.

Here are the guidelines:

1.) Upon finding a post from a graboid troll, go to a website for a pro-gun group (bonus points for one that's in a state currently battling against Bloomberg's minions).

2.) Donate whatever amount you wish, via whatever means are available (credit card, paypal, bitcoin, time).

3.) If you can dedicate the donation to someone or leave a comment, say that it's for Reddit User (Troll's username.)

4.) Respond to the troll here by telling them which organization they've helped you donate to, and how much you've donated.

And that's it!

So, who else wants to help fight against trolls and for gun rights? 




 Dang. Look at that, another post from tall_liberal2!

So, I've just donated $5 to the Independence Institute in Colorado. They're currently suing the state over the universal background check law, and working with legislators to loosen the state's useless magazine ban.

Thanks for the reminder that I needed to donate to a pro-gun group! 




 Awesome! Thanks for your generosity! 




 I bet that law was originally passed because of John Dillinger.  




 Awesome! 




 Tee-hee.

Thanks for this post!

Another donation goes to a pro-gun group!

This time, you're responsible for a donation to the Texas State Rifle Association.

Who knew that philanthropy could be so much fun?

:-) 




 Bill Maher is an idiot who happens to be well-spoken enough that he comes off as erudite when repeating stuff authored by the writing crew on his TV show. 




 Oh.

Look at that.

Another fiver goes to the Second Amendment Foundation.

They're grateful for the support.

:-) 




 I've decided that every time I see one of your posts, I'm going to make a small donation to a pro-gun organization of my choosing.

If there's a field that allows me to dedicate the donation to someone, it will be dedicated to you.

Congratulations, you're now responsible for a $10 donation to the NRA-ILA.

:-) 




 I wonder how many articles Fenton has written that advocate for gun control. 




 Interesting article. 

However, I think the issue if even more granular than the author claims. 

Even in states where new gun control laws have passed, (eg Colorado and Washington) it has only been in the face of massive popular opposition from those who don't live in large cities, and even a lot of law enforcement is refusing to enforce these laws. 
 




 So much for that "national conversation about guns." 




 The lawyers for the Brady Campaign have a history of making extremely poor decisions.

Evidently they suck at advising their clients, too. 




 Speeding arguably puts other people in danger.

An upstanding citizen who chooses to own a plastic box with a spring in it is endangering exactly no one. 









 Were that the case, you wouldn't need to answer for him.

1/10

Would not read again. 




 Why? So he can engage in round 2 with your mom? 




 It turns out that a mind really is like a parachute.

It won't work if it's full of crap.  




 Letting him post here is hilarious.

He does an absolute disservice to the gun control movement, reinforcing the stereotype that anti gunners are both deeply stupid and horrendously bigoted.  




 So he's an example of one of the unsexiest manifestations of Rule 34. 

Makes sense, even if it does squick me out.  




 I bet you win a lot of converts with that style of rhetoric.  









 Tell me.

Does it hurt? 




 It's the same rep that wants to institute federal control over 3d printers because someone might use it to make a gun.

I am Jack's complete lack of surprise. 




 With high enough round counts, it's theoretically possible for the holes in a receiver that hold the pins for the trigger group to become worn and enlarged, as the pins will rotate and wear on the receiver. 

With enough wear from pin rotation, the holes can become so enlarged that the pins won't stay in place.

This is why KNS makes anti-rotation pins.

That said, I've never seen an AR with this problem. 




 BATFE publishes an annual report listing every gun maker in the country, and how many guns they made. I don't remember if they break the list down by whether a given company makes pistols, rifles or shotguns though.

That said, you could probably get a decent idea of the number of semi-auto rifles made by running Google searches on company names.

It would be a lot of work, but that's probably your best bet for a reasonable ballpark figure. 




 "Greetings, friends. Do you wish to look as happy as me? Well, you've got the power inside you right now. So, use it, and send one dollar to Happy Dude, 742 Evergreen Terrace, Springfield. Don't delay, eternal happiness is just a dollar away." 




 Many 3 gun style matches may not allow magnified optics in heavy metal division.

Some will, though. You'd probably be well served with any scope from a decent company that's capable of doing 1-4x or better. 




 They won't back Gura, there's no love lost between him and the NRA.

That said, the NRA can and does file progun lawsuits, they just tend to be very conservative in their choices. 




 Reagan owned an AR15. I suspect that letter was drafted by an underling at the behest of Brady or Reagan was already having memory problems. 




 Ha!

I've always done a Richard Nixon voice for PPF. 




 Where are the roads? I don't see them listed. 




