 I guess the thing that I find most interesting is that this "crush" also known as transference, from what I've read online, can be a very useful therapeutic tool and can be used to figure out a lot of things from my past.  So I mean as awkward as it feels, and yet still feeling like it's awesome to talk to her, apparently it could play out for the benefit of my mental health.  Assuming she's comfortable enough with taking on this thing. 




 So, I'm a 35 year old guy.  Since I was 16 I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder and I have generalized anxiety disorder and panic disorder.  I have been on medications and in therapy almost the entirety of the last nearly 20 years.   I have had many different therapists over the years.  Some I outright hated, some were just kind of meh, and some I thought were awesome.  

So a year ago I got a new therapist when my old one left the agency.  Up until this point all of my therapists had mostly been older women, motherly or grandmotherly.  I've had a couple male therapists and I noticed I tend to butt heads with them or just feel like they are aloof or don't care.  But I always purposely avoided younger female therapists.  This new therapist I have had the last year is maybe a 30 year old woman, very attractive, and very funny.  I was leery of sticking with her after our first few sessions as I felt uncomfortable around a younger female therapist as I always felt like I was being judged or something.  But I figured I'd stick with her for a few sessions and see how it played out.  To my surprise, I found myself more comfortable and safe around this therapist than any I've had with any in years.    

I've gone back to college lately and have been working on my degree, and I had a bit of a mental breakdown towards the end of the last semester.  I started to put schoolwork on hold as my therapist was insisting for a while now that I write her a paper explaining why I am the way I am.  This paper ended up turning into over 80 pages of typed history from my past, hospitalizations, suicide attempts, old girlfriends and relationships, old friendships, etc.  Since writing all this I've started to have crying spells again, I haven't had these in years.  I also keep ruminating about the past now.  So in the last few months I started to notice that I was starting to feel like I had a crush developing for my therapist. I always look forward to my therapy sessions, and even sometimes count down the days to the next one,  and in the past therapy was more of a chore to get over with, and many times I would blow it off or outright cancel appointments.  I haven't done either since I've had this therapist.     

Now my therapist is married, but even despite that, by virtue of being my therapist she is literally the most unattainable person for me on the planet. I fully understand the ethical and legal ramifications of any breaking of the therapeutic boundary. So I know my thoughts are unrealistic. But I can't stop thinking about her.  I was disturbed by this as I had no idea what it was and I did some googling and discovered that what I was experiencing was called transference.  I also got the impression that this is something I should tell my therapist about and try to work through as it probably reveals something about my past.  It took me a couple sessions to work up the courage to tell her.  My fears were that she might refer me to a different therapist, or being that the atmosphere of my sessions are very light hearted and joking, I also feared that maybe telling her would make the sessions more rigid and stuffy.  After telling her she assured me neither would happen, but other than that she seemed unphased by my confession.  She simply said, "I must remind you of someone.  Do you know who?"  I don't know who.  This will probably be a discussion for future sessions.  But it still bothers me that between sessions I still think about her more than what feels healthy and how overwhelming the feeling is.  Has anyone else here experienced this? 




 I play this same conversation in my head. 




 Sex. 




 The point is it's not real...actually.  I don't REALLY know her at all, and that's by design in the therapeutic relationship.  By feelings are not really for HER.  It's something that I'm projecting onto her that speaks to something in past, that's what we need to get to the bottom of. 




 Well for starters, I haven't disclosed this information to my therapist yet.  As far as currently it means in regards to my treatment is that I never miss an appointment, but like right now she's on vacation and I've been having a rough time and I feel kind of slighted that she's gone when i need her.  But I know she has her own life but I've decided I HAVE TO tell her or else this is going to impede my treatment and actually after googling about it a bit, I found it's so common an occurrence that there is a term for it: transference.  Apparently also this can be therapeutic to work through as to why I am having these feelings, so when she returns from vacation I intend to actually share this with her, not because I think anything will become of it, because she is most certainly, by virtue of being my therapist, the most unattainable person on the planet for me, but because I need to work on whatever underlying issues are causing these feelings to be projected onto my very attractive, very young female, married, therapist. 




 I have a crush on my therapist right now. 




 I had a math program from the 90's that had a catchy theme song called Blaster Pals that I remember and found here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W1PnP11Dgw0 




