




 Democrats are upset that Martin O'Malley said that All Lives Matter. 









 "Dats racis" 




  The recession only ended for the rich. The rest of the nation is still in recession.

This statement is false. That is what I am referring to. The recession didn't just end for the rich. It also ended for millions of middle class Americans, like myself. 




 He committed a crime (theft) and went to jail. Whats the issue? 




 He still sells to Blacks and Hispanics. He is not a very good racist. 




 I am not rich and am doing just fine. 




 The Obama admin was warned. Iran does not play by the rules. They never have. 









 Funny that he still sells to Blacks and Hispanics. He is not a very good KKK member. 




 Muslim is not a race. 




 Muslim is not a race. He didn't say he wouldn't sell to Blacks or Hispanics. He doesn't make a very good racist. 




 haha 




 We called it flirting back in my day. 














 Not really sure what Trumps play was on this. 

I Stand With Rand 




 McCain is a badass! 




 ITT: Religious persecution; bigotry 









 Recruitment centers are gun free zones. Can you tell us all what the [sign](http://i2.cdn.turner.com/cnnnext/dam/assets/150716175657-10-tn-shooting-recruitment-center-door-super-169.jpg) on the front door says? 









 It's like Tumblr puked on Reddit. 




 I took two words to the face and had to get stitches.  




 You may not like Trump but he is a very smart man. He did not get where he is today because he is stupid. 




 This would be huge.  









 Go with 365. I prefer in-house. To each their own. 




 I believe everyone should get legal unions. Marriage should be a "religious ceremony" that has no bearing on the law. Straight or Gay, in the eyes of the law, you are a legal union. If you want to get married then that is a separate and private religious ceremony. IMO 




 Legally you would be equal. 




 "Oh, you mean I have to actually pay for that student loan that I signed for saying I would pay it back?" "I WANT EVERYONE ELSE TO PAY FOR MY STUDENT LOAN THAT I SIGNED FOR SAYING THAT I WOULD PAY IT BACK!!!!!!" 




 haha thanks! 




 I will not vote for any candidate that wants to expand the Federal Government. The Fed gov is already too big. We can't even hold the Fed Gov accountable now. The larger the Fed Gov is the less accountable it becomes. I want smart Fed Gov not larger Fed Gov. 




 What does me supporting Rand have anything to do with the fact that Bernie doesn't stand a chance? 




 I would vote for a rabid dog before I would vote for Hillary. 




 Mirror? 




 So, his solution to a corrupt and irresponsible government is more government? Sounds like the perfect plan. Give the corrupted more power. Perfect! 




 Bernie will not make it out of the Primaries. Democrats have already chosen their candidate. Bernie should just bow out now. 




 No. The media wants Hillary and the media gets what it wants. 









 lol 




 If this was the other way around everyone in this thread would be crying pay discrimination. 




 Actually, its because he doesn't cower to the PC crowd.  




 The media really wants Hillary as President. 




 And that is why Bernie and his supporters will lose. 




 All he did was say some words and now he is the Obama you voted for? Well, technically, you are correct. All he did was talk then too. 




 haha Reddit is so fucked. 
























 How does Seattle become "everywhere you go"? I have been all over the country. Seattle has the highest concentration of feminazis of anywhere I have been. Just speaking from experience. I will no longer open a door for a woman in Seattle. It's not worth the in-your-face rage you encounter from the woman you are being courteous to. 




 You are misunderstanding the true reasoning. They don't care if you submit multiple times. It's the fact that this article shows Hillary in a bad light is the reason it was hunted down and removed. They will allow multiple posts showing a politician they do not like in a bad light. You will not get by with multiple submissions if it has anything to do with showing a Democrat or Progressive in a bad light. I have tested this theory over the years. It's sad that /r/politics has no neutrality to it. 




 Sometimes people just need to fight it out. It's natural. This is a good law. 




 This is a civil case. The murderers will still go unpunished if they win the suit. 




 Wouldn't a settlement also be a public acknowledgement that they were responsible for something that required monetary damages? 




 Selfishly? Yes. 




 So, you are encouraging the assassination of a US citizen at the hands of a violent drug cartel leader.  




 Does this mean I can take a shit in the womens bathroom now? 




  Bernie is in no way comparable to trump.

You are correct. Trump has actually created jobs and wealth. Something Bernie has never done. 




 Caliphate News Network 




 You sound excited about the thought of a violent Mexican drug cartel leader assassinating a US citizen? 




  Hillary Clinton, who represented Wall Street as part of her constituency when she was a U.S. senator from New York, has long looked to people in the finance industry for large campaign donations. 









 Ever been to Seattle? Feminazis are prevalent in Seattle. 




 ITT: Religious persecution; bigotry 





























 Birmingham is consistently ranked as one of the top 10 most violent cities in the US. 




 [Violent.](http://www.forbes.com/pictures/mlj45jggj/5-birmingham-ala/) 









 It all comes down to the wallets it affects. Ellen as CEO was hurting Reddits profitability. 




 Or they took a look at their website traffic trending downward and the content becoming less profitable.  




 You just had to use tumblr, didn't you? 




 The only solution for the UK is more government. 




 And, I'll give Audrey a quarter too, Audrey! 




 Fucking my teacher. 









 THAT IS A CRINGEDGYREKT COMMENT!!!! OMG!!! 




 *{clears throat softly}*...rule #8, fellow patriot. 














 I love how you completely left out 9/11. That one incident changed his entire foreign policy agenda. 




 Don't get your Redcoat in a wad. Why knock the guy for knowing a great prime rib when he sees one.  




 I agree. Just felt the F-22 was better suited for dogfighting than the F-35. 

Found this decent comparison.

 F-22 and F-16 have two major things in common: both are relaxed-stability designs and both have LEX. As such, similar wing loading figures and thrust-to-weight ratios will result in similar maneuverability, especially since F-16 was designed to achieve optimum performance when two wingtip AAMs are present.

 With 50% fuel, 2 Sidewinder and 4 AMRAAM F-16C has wing loading of 392 kg/m2, thrust-to-weight ratio of 1,186 and weights 10 936 kg. F-22 has wing loading of 313,5 kg/m2, thrust-to-weight ratio of 1,29 and weights 24 579 kg. Thus, while F-22 will suffer maneuverability penalty due to its size and weight, it is unlikely that F-16C will be able to outmaneuver it.

 With F-16A it is a different story. With empty weight of 7 076 kg, it has wing loading of 349,5 kg/m2 and thrust-to-weight ratio of 1,29 (figures for 50% fuel and 2 Sidewinder). While its wing loading is higher than F-22s, F-16A is far lighter and smaller, so it is possible that it could be capable of matching the F-22. 




 http://i.imgur.com/68qtpMn.gifv 




 What about the F-22 vs the F-16? That is a dogfight I want to see. The F-35 and F-16 are two different types of aircraft. The 22 would be a better fit for dogfighting the 16 than the 35. 




 ["I want my respect"...."Well come and get it"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYTw-66McY8) 




 I can guarantee you that they ain't Amish folk. 









 Mind = Blown 




 [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nw1zDZd0lHQ) 









 If we would just take this victims gun rights from him the police would protect him from the carjacker.  




 Based on the echo chamber you have created for yourself.  




 I could have doused it with gasoline and set it on fire for you. You didn't have to throw it away. 









 It's a civil war memorial. 




 She is not a patriot. She is an opportunistic law breaker. 




 It's going to look great in your living room. Nice find! 




 I Stand With Rand 




 I know African-Americans that wear and fly the Confederate flag. 




 Gang violence and suicide.  









 Hillary is everything that is wrong with DC. I have no idea why anyone would vote for her. 









 I recently used Aomei Backupper to go from a larger hdd to smaller ssd. It was the only software I could find that would actually clone, shrink the partitions, and boot. It got the job done.  









 [So much greatness in this thread.](http://i.imgur.com/a4Og40t.jpg) 




 [That gentle giant was just spreading the word of Jesus Christ.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhU28gAZf9c)^^^/s 














 Hard to mind my own business knowing that my brothers and sisters in arms will be the ones to save your ass if things hit the fan. Ask your parents if the Americans should have minded their own business when Hitler came to town.  




 American here.. Anytime we attempt to close our borders the liberals cry racism too. 




 but..but...EQUALITY! Those poor extremists.. /s 




 It's time for the French people to take back their country. Stop relying on your government to do it for you. They won't! The people have the power. Fight for your country. 




  Consent

What about that part?
 




 Good. If it is good enough for us then it is good enough for them. 









 Fun Fact: [Blanket legally changed his name to Bigi because he was bullied for having the name Blanket](http://radaronline.com/celebrity-news/blanket-jackson-changes-name-bullied-for-years/) 




 I am trying to figure out how his massive balls fit into those tight pants.  














 [Check the color profiles for your monitors.](http://photo.stackexchange.com/questions/12568/multiple-monitors-seperate-color-profiles). 




 Good. 









 Am i? 









 Can you imagine what was going through the cops minds when they saw that, "Stop resis.....well, ok then." 




 When is France going to summon France for spying on its own people? 




 You just defined /r/politics. 




 Military guys like him because he defends the same Constitution they swore to defend.  




 You just defined /r/politics. 




 HP 




 Nothing surprises me about Commiefornia.  




 It's about time we had a serious talk about banning cars...and alcohol.  




 The nervous foot twitch. 




 Good. Constitution for the win! 









 I know black people that wear and fly the confederate flag. 




  no accomplishments

I stopped reading after that. You may not like Bush but to say he had no accomplishments is just an outright fabrication. I understand you do it for the anti-Bush /r/circlejerk but at the least you could be honest about your hatred.  









 The Brits love Obama. A tip to the Brits: If you disagree with Obama you are a racist and a bigot. Just bend over and bite down hard on the piece of leather. Government is here to help you....*and it will help you whether you like it or not.* 




 People like OP scare me the most about the future of our country and its sacred documents. The First Amendment was written because of people like OP. 




 ITT: People who don't understand "Shall Not Be Infringed". 









 Found the Midwesterner.  




 While Democrats walk around with their own armed body guards or pistols on their hip. When they're arming Mexican drug cartels and then those guns are used against American citizens, when they're arming Islamic terrorist pieces of shit in the Middle East with actual machine guns and explosives and not demanding registration and universal background checks for them, one tends to ask questions and draw conclusions. 




 I haven't worked less than 60 hrs a week in 20 years. Who is raising these lazy bums? 




 He wont be. Too much publicity. He will be housed in protective custody or solitary.  




 Mexico should worry about their own problems. They have plenty to keep them busy. 




 Mexico should worry about their own problems. 




 ITT: anti-American hogwash. 




 Ahh yes. Democrat strong holds. Who is committing those crimes? Wouldn't have anything to do with gang activity would it? 




 That's the spirit! 




 Do Democrats actually believe that the DNC or Hillary are going to let Bernie debate her in the primaries? She would be eaten alive and the DNC will not allow that.  




 Other rallys were also planned.....and canceled. Not Bernies tho. And thats ok. He is Bernie and he is allowed to do things that Republicans cant.  




 Then he asks his followers to back Hillary in the general. Change you can believe in! 




 When the Democrats get done with their immigration plans the US will be a third world country. You can only take in the poorest and least educated for so long before it takes its toll on society as a whole.  




 I Stand With Rand 




 They will punish them by voting them back into office. 




 Holy Shit! Bernie is running for Pres? First I have heard about it. How well is he polling in New Hampshire?  




 Anyone know if Bernie is running for President? I have not seen any articles on him. How well is he polling in New Hampshire?  




 Anyone know how well Bernie is polling in New Hampshire? 




 Comments on the article::

 i guess we still have a few beatings, killings, and lynchings to cash in on. we still have a few more assaults to catch up with. white folks outnumber us by a few million.    
     
 Yes, only about 92 million well deserved beatings to go. 




 Yeah, lets forget that NAFTA and TPP were both the result of a Democrat President.  




