 Sometimes I get weirded out. Like, can you imagine Voldemort taking a dump? 




 This one is so cool. 









 It's normally 'Jennisfit'. but right now it's 'Jennistired'.......................... 




 Okay...This is an update from [what happened to me one night at my parent's house](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/3dsri4/im_so_glad_i_didnt_make_eye_contact/). 

I was pretty sure it was just my imagination after the sun started to come up and I finally drifted off. When I woke later that morning it all seemed like a dream. One thing that I remember is when I got out of bed I noticed an old photograph of me was on the floor. I was standing in my parent's driveway and I was wearing a 'Save the Planet' shirt. I figured it had just fallen off the shelf and put it back. 

I talked to my parents and husband about the crazy nightmare I had. They agreed it was unnerving, and we all laughed it off.

My husband and I returned home and I started to put that night in the back on my mind. However, since it happened, sleep evades me. I lay awake and stare into the darkness for hours, it's only when I see the grey light of day that I feel my eyelids grow heavy.

Last night I was having my usual night of insomnia. It was nearly three in the morning. I was sitting in my studio just browsing the internet. I should mention it was a very clear night. All of a sudden the lights flickered and went out. the only light was coming from my computer monitor.

I didn't think much of it, because the power went out only a few days ago, due to a bad storm.

I still had a full battery on my computer and I decided to shut it down in case the power was off until morning. I walk out as the computer shuts down to get a glass of water and a book. After my computer completely shuts down it's pitch black in my studio, except for the faint moonlight coming from my huge window. The window is curtained and takes up a five by five foot square in the wall. It faces my massive backyard. [Just took this picture of it about a minute ago](http://imgur.com/4dZl5Gy).

I feel relaxed and look at the clear night sky though my window. It's darker inside the house than outside and it's a beautiful view. As I'm gazing up, I notice a tiny movement out of the corner of my eye to the left of my back yard.

I glance over an see a figure of a man walking through the yard. At this point I'm a little shocked because our backyard is completely secluded and fenced off for about .5 acres. 

I decided I would just watch and see what he did since I was confident that he couldn't see me. He started to make his way across my backyard, moving away from my house. I felt relieved. Then he stopped, facing away from me. He just stood there for a good five minutes, about 50 feet from my window. I didn't move a muscle. I just watched and waited.

Then he turned completely around. I swear to god, he looked right at me through my window and I could see the whites of his eyes. Through the pitch darkness, I could see them. He started to move towards me. I was completely petrified but still didn't think that he could see me. I backed up to the wall of my studio. He started to move faster. He was only about 20 feet away from my window when the lights came back on. 

He could see me! He could see me and I couldn't see him! What the fuck?! I ran out of my studio down the hall into the bedroom and grabbed the gun off the night stand. I shook my husband awake and told him there was someone outside in out back yard.

I walked to the back door with him, both of us with our guns drawn. I flipped the back light on and slowly opened the back door. We looked around with the flashlight and we couldn't see anyone. My heart was about ready to come out of my chest.

We walked out into the yard, with all the lights turned on and with our guns and flashlights, everything started to seem less sinister. 

I calmed down and we made our way back to the house. As we were walking back, something caught my eye. I looked over and saw a photograph laying in the grass. As I walked over I noticed it was of me.

Bemused and feeling a bit giddy from the adrenaline rush, I picked it up. It was a photograph of me standing in my parents driveway as a kid. I was wearing a 'Save the Planet' tee shirt. I flipped the photograph over. Scrawled in red letters, were the words, "I can still see you." 




 A whole new wooooorrld!!! 




 Ah! I made one of these as a kid! It was mesmerizing...still...is....  




 Aw, yay! Happy tears! 




 This is one of my favorites. :) 




 We would have to walk around the class room in a line, one behind the other and drop our valentines in everyone's box as we passed their desk. Everyone was supposed to give one to everyone else. Through 3rd-6th grade, almost everyone would skip me... :( Kids are mean, and I didn't give any for sixth grade. I didn't even stand up. 




 That's so clever!  




 Abalone is a specific animal and produces a distinct color and swirl pattern that consists of nacre similar to most mollusks. However, the shells in the photo supplied by OP are not from an abalone shell. The shells are too white and too smooth. But it's all pretty!  




 /r/woahdude  




 It's a cuttlefish. It's this in the same family though. :) Cephalopods are neat. 




 I've recently heard the term Octopode, from a marine biologist. I think it sounds a bit more eloquent than Octopuses. 




 I love cuttlefish. Hands down, my favorite (non human) creature on the planet. 




 I don't think they would appreciate me hawking my stuff. I just wanted to share something that I created. If you're seriously interested in me making you one, PM me for details. 




 ...that escalated quickly. 




 It's mother of pearl 




 I believe those are actually white labradorite. Often called Rainbow moonstone. Is so pretty!  




 Most people that I know, who wire wrap have gone through a ton of time and materials to hone their own techniques. It's something that takes a ton of practice and patience. I'm not half as good as most of the people on here, but I've gone through my fair share of wire and broken gems. I'm still learning too.  




 Oh wow. That's beautiful! 




