 We only serve tongue.  Do you like tongue, boys? 




 I just started reading Wool Omnibus Edition yesterday but really picked it up this afternoon.  It had been in my Kindle queue for a while and I travelled a bit recently so ended up grabbing it.  Talk about a roller coaster.  I'm not sure I can continue reading it.  Not sure if I'm hormonal right now but the first 60 pages had me bawling my eyes out.  Never had this reaction to literature before.  Ugh.  *deep breaths* 




 I believe it was a Power Computing Powerbase 180 (during the brief period of Macintosh clones) in high school. 




 Sorry for potato quality.  Girlfriend's picture from this morning. 









 Took this just a minute ago from the 436 bus to Marble Arch. 









 Ha I was just there yesterday OMW south. 









 That's just good advice for life. 




 Ack!  Kill it with fire! 




 In four articles and two forum threads I found only a single mention that said the limits would be reevaluated at the end of the year but nothing guaranteeing that are not going to be continued... 




 Which is why over in r/bisexual we've take to using GSM for "Gender and Sexual Minorities". 




 You must've missed the bit in the last few days where they are instituting speed limits...the Green Hell is no more. 




 It's certainly possible that the FMVSS may have such a requirement.  Among others.  It might have requirements for side reflectors too that might not otherwise be met by the way the vehicle is configured. 




 Why do you say that?  I will however neither confirm nor deny your opinion. 




 It is a Dodge Challenger Hellcat. 




 Well I recall back when they introduced that they said they were similar but not identical.  It's possible that's changed - I don't really follow family cars.

http://www.automotive.com/news/similiar-but-different-ford-debuts-european-only-mondeo-wagon-and-hatchback-americans-get-fusion-instead-110395/

"However, if its any consolation, the Mondeo is based off of the upcoming 2013 Ford Fusion sedanthe sedan versions of each car are nearly identicalhence the similar look." 




 Bite your tongue (note: not my car; just my pic).

http://i.imgur.com/Jjywrjd.jpg 




 No rinse bucket?!  Vehicle washing fail!!!
 




 "Abortions for everyone!"
"Boooooo!"
"Hm...Abortions for some; tiny American flags for others!"
*crowd cheers* 




 Negative.  Not that there's anything wrong with that. 




 Doesn't get much more casual than this...might prompt some conversation, might not.

http://i.imgur.com/u82cM0p.jpg 









 Done. 




 Trigger.  Pulled the trigger.

After driving the twins I was determined to have one. 




 Ch ch ch Chip and Day-el's...Ress-Q rain-gers! 




 Cool cool. 




 A year is trivial when you're used to waiting for new seasons of Sherlock. 




 Judaism is a bad example as there are both racial/ethnic and religious sides to it. 




 I sent you a PM.  Hope you respond.  :) 




 Hey...rather than tossing an immediate downvote your way, I was just looking at your post history.  You seem very angry - I'm guessing it was jealousy or frustration that drove what you wrote.  Becoming who you're meant to be takes time.  It's quite obvious OP did a ton of work over at least two years to get to where she is today.  You will get there too, but you need to apply a little more patience.  Being bitchy in front of a keyboard won't help anyone - don't let that anger fester.  It gets better. 




 It indeed was amazing.  Next event - Northern VA Pride is on 03 October we'll probably have a group showing up (it's by Dulles).  Novapride.com 




 I don't think I got a good pic of it but there was a woman in the parade with a sign that read "The Bible said 'Adam   Eve' so I dated them both!" 




 No, I took the pic.  Several people myself including we're running up and asking about it and saying how it was awesome to see.  It was one of the very few bi pride flags we saw yesterday in DC (and the first of those that I did see). 




 http://i62.tinypic.com/a2aur7.gif 




 I learned something today that I wanted to share with you all.  When I was in college I was out and proud.  I knew I was gay and that was that.  Then I fell in love with a woman and thought maybe that wasn't that.  Since then, and this is nearly 13 years, I've dated men and women, and I've been single, but I've identified as bi.  I've been in and out of the "scene".  I've felt good and bad about myself, and I've been warm and cold when it comes to wanting friends.  

Today I went to DC Pride and I feel like I recharged my batteries.  I've been neglecting a part of myself that used to be very important, and this subreddit and the people I've met through it have, really, brought me back to life.  So thanks.  And let your flag, freak or otherwise, fly. 









 There's a new lip spoiler option for the STi for '16 as well. 




 Disagree.  Grew up in CA; parents from Chicago.  Extended family definitely had regional speech variation (vocabulary and pronunciation).  Noticed plenty of difference in college in New Mexico as well.  And now I live on the east coast and people say I sound like I'm from Michigan or Wisconsin; places I've never even been... 




 So what you're saying is, he wants to run an honest campaign and suffer crushing defeat while maintaining his honor?  Good for him.  Not to be a pessimist or anything. 




 Someone who's been riding for only a month should not be on the internet offering advice to people who've never ridden.  I'm on my third bike; a 2011 CBR1000RR (prior bikes were a 2005 EX500R and a 2007 ZX6R).  I've been riding for almost 11 years and I still have a lot to learn.   




 Needs an "All right!" 




 The FA20DIT in the WRX is quite a different layout from our NA FA20... 




 Everybody wants to rule the world... 




 I'm sure just like you said it comes down to the prep work done on it :) 




 I understand.  These are all things you get used to though.  Left turns might get "harder" but right turns then get "easier".  Lane position for me was the hardest thing  to get used to. 




 Yeah, I saw that a while ago (I'm one of those people who follows him on Twitter after having seen many times, "You'd know this already if you followed me on Twitter").  To be fair though he was being pretty silly.  He could have just as easily parked the car rather than go through the drivethrough backwards.  He was being...Doug DeMuro. 




 I think just like anything else LHD vs. RHD is something that one can get used to given time.  I've driven many thousands of miles RHD while traipsing about the UK on travel; though they are obviously setup for that over there, as we colonials are setup for LHD. 




 See, that's funny...I don't find broccoli rabe bitter.  I get it on pizza sometimes at a place we like to go do.  Might have it tonight in fact. 




 I'm thinking of whatever the purple stuff is that comes on top of salads and in many off the shelf salad mixes.  Fairly confident that's a type of cabbage; just conferred with my girlfriend the foodie chef and she confirms. 




 It's more that the coils you're running increase the camber so much that the wheels get sucked under.  I run the same size spacers as you but I'm only on Swift springs and the wheels are just inside of perfectly flush.  Plus I can get out of my driveway ;) 




 I will caution too that I was very heavily warned away from using those types of mounts on my FR-S by the online community.  I ran one on my old C350 without issue but many people told me they'd experienced damage on our cars due to the lighter weight materials used. 




 What size tire are you running?  The combination looks much larger than stock. 




 Why convert to LHD?  RHD really isn't that hard. 




 So am I like the only person who consistently finds red cabbage incredibly bitter? 




 Agree.  OP, I'm not on the spectrum in the slightest so I can only imagine what it would have been like for you or your husband but just reading your description of the event made me never want to have be in that situation. 




 For some reason I'm unable to download any of the free video packs?  iPhone 6 Plus with latest iOS 8.whatever... 




 Yes the stereo in the FR-S is almost twice the power output of that in the BRZ.  The BRZ stereo system is terrible by comparison.  Lacks depth and clarity. 




 I want to learn ASL to conversational proficiency. 




 It's always a good idea to try things like paint/dip on something you don't care about before using them on something you do.  I tested the metallizer on one of the flat black dip caps I had lying around.  Really glad I did too. 




 I linked to my build thread in a different comment so I'll PM you rather than clutter up here further.  I will say it's subtle generally but very apparent in sunlight what I did. 




 Thanks!  I had wanted something different than the usual flat black.  The one hint I can offer is that the metallizer is like a must of metal particles - it can't really be sprayed in the same manner as normal dip.  I did three very quick swipes per wheel.  It also gets everywhere so if it's windy...Be prepared for your car to look like a faerie exploded nearby. 




 Erm.  Sourdough loaf.  *mic drop* 




 Is dank now a good thing?  I'm confused. 




 Nice truck.  My only criticism would be that it needs tires at least 2" wider, or, alternatively, wheel spacers.  The stance is really narrow and doesn't fit the off-road aesthetic. 




 Absolutely OFT is worth it even if totally stock.  Tuning is ALWAYS worth it. 




 Since you seem to be set against changing the exhaust you could always just change the tips.  They unscrew very easily from the stock exhaust.  Perrin makes some larger ones that go on the exhaust.  Won't affect any warranties whatsoever. 




 I have some pics in my build thread.  I have more that aren't online also.

http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showthread.php?p=1793733 




 Looks good.  When I did mine I did the on the car method with trash bags to block off the brake rotors.  I did 5 coats of black, one coat of aluminum metallizer and two coats of glossifier (I was going for a satin finish gunmetal look and it turned out great).  I highly highly recommend the pistol grip attachment for spraying the dip. 




 Dipyourcar.com is a great source for tutorials.  It will last forever as long as it doesn't get damaged from curbing or something. 




 Tone deaf means an inability to carry a tune, not an inability to hear ;) The chirp is pretty high in frequency though so it's certainly possible a person might not be able to hear it due to hearing loss. 




 Another alternative is exhaust work.  I pretty much can't hear my crickets unless I'm alone in a parking lot which is pretty rare. 




 It is a very common theme for new or overconfident drivers of rear wheel drive vehicles to turn of traction and/or stability control and immediately wreck. 




 Yes, it sure does.  From my logged in account or on the app on my phone I can see individual mile times and it gives a profile at any given moment my pace etc.  However I've found on the IP6+ that Strava is kinda wonky.  I have been using MapMyWalk recently as it doesn't have any issues (nor do any other GPS apps I have; just Strava). 




 Your call.  I've seen lots of Mustang and WRX comparisons on a cost basis but they're never favorable from a driving dynamics perspective.  One quick example...Google has toooons more...

https://www.reddit.com/r/ft86/comments/2pzdwx/am_i_crazy_trade_in_2013_brz_for_2015_mustang_gt/

Oversteer isn't the only thing the 86 platform is capable of.  

 




 I don't hang with a "crowd".  Unless you consider my officemates a crowd.  I don't.  :) 




 Indeed.

https://www.strava.com/activities/162598901 




 I have to ask, do you own an FR-S/BRZ/86?  Because I don't think anyone who did and who had driven/owned a Mustang as well could honestly write the phrase "driving experience...similar to the FRS." 




 Ok class, what we've learned here is that only the bloggers at Jalopnik are actually capable of reading a press release.  Witness:

http://jalopnik.com/ford-will-license-its-electric-vehicle-patents-to-any-r-1707394876

"But Ford, unlike Tesla, isnt opening up the patents for free. You have to pay Ford to license them." 




 That guy saw the unicorn, I guarantee it. 




 Here's a more complete source vid than OP's GIFV:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xhbctEcAAA 




 Clearly not...No one was savagely murdered. 




 Not just that...Apparently nowadays it's even cool to be openly...INTELLIGENT.  Who knew? 




 "School aged kid" doesn't typically refer to college my man... 




 WTF is this nonsense, Dell customer support kindegarten? 




 Ah, Canada; that explains everything.  They are price competitive in the US (starting price of an EB 'Stang is $25.3K before TTL).  But they are ONLY *price* competitive.  Totally different vehicular experience, obviously. 




 Hey, Happy Fry-Day to you too.  Me, I'm looking forward my girlfriend returning home after being away for 17 days on the other side of the country.  It's only one trip a year but it sucks.  But then again it's sort of penance for her having to deal with my traveling once or twice a month, every month, for work. 




 Damn straight.  Er...you know what I mean. :D 




 You remind me of someone...

http://i253.photobucket.com/albums/hh61/w9ahmed/KnockKnockKnock.gif 




  mega-ultra-powerzord

Somebody's been rewatching MMPR... 




 Thirty is not the end of the line pal.  Yours is like the third post I've read in this subreddit this afternoon with an "I'm almost 30" in it...I turned 35 two weeks ago.  I can still fuck just fine, thank you very much.

Enjoy your open relationship, that's what you do next. 




 Companion, clearly. 




 The Ecoboost Mustang w/Performance Pack would be a much closer competitor than what you're speaking of...I've never even heard of a "Mustang Sport" before...They still weigh 1/3T more than our cars though on a good day. 




 Maybe something here can help?  http://www.unitedtty.com/store/notification-alerting_systems.html 




 Yeah..those would be the enthusiasts I was talking about.  Your average Joe Schmo on the street isn't learning how to install a header or switch to HIDs on a forum.  They're thinking about whether Walmart or Jiffy Lube has the better price on an oil change. 




 You know, that song, "I Kissed a Girl (and I Liked It)" came on Pride Radio the other day and I was listening to it and it's not a very positive song as these things go...Yes, I'm taking these lines out of context but still:

"I kissed a girl just to try it...It felt so wrong..."
"It's not what good girls do, not how they should behave."

It's not wrong, it has nothing to do with being good or bad...I know that in the context of the song she's talking about it being "taboo" but still. 




 You would be correct.  But you should celebrate yourself every day, suge.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Celebrate_Bisexuality_Day 




 Ugh why did Snooki have to be on that list.  Just...ew. 




 Eight and a half years?  Wow dude (I'm assuming dude).  That's a long time to keep a secret.  You were probably all psyched up for one or two different potential mind blowing reactions and when she was just "that's nice dear, I love you; please pass the salt" you didn't know what to do with yourself.  Props for finally being honest with the person you share your life with though.  They're always the hardest when they ought to be the easiest.  Funny huh?  I made it a point a long time ago to basically "come out" on the first date...My current (and likely final; going to follow Beyonc's advice one of these days...) girlfriend embraces it completely.  Hell - she'd watch if I'd let her (not that we have an open relationship nor do I believe in that sort of thing but it's a fantasy of hers).  And hey, if you can be someone's fantasy then that's pretty awesome ;) 




 I have it on good authority that this is also OP's girlfriend.

http://i.imgur.com/51GblBl.gif 




 YES!!! I actually made a forum post about this years ago (before there was a reddit) and no one knew what I was talking about.  I have experienced this for years - actually, as long as I can remember.  It's like someone flips a switch and that ear is deaf - which is why the tinnitus sounds so loud suddenly (that's why the tinnitus gets loud - because it's always partially masked by environmental sounds).  For me it can happen in either ear and it usually happens several times a week.  Sometimes more often.  Doesn't seem to relate to anything in my life - diet, exercise, stress, etc. 




 Basically it wasn't an apology.  They were saying they were trying to help people who need hearing aids but don't wear them "because of the stigma" by perpetuating the stigma.  They are douchebags...That's all I have to say. 




