 I stopped watching the new Bond trailer halfway through. Usually, I don't care, but it seemed like overkill showing me every action scene and important female line in the movie. [When I heard](#s "He's protecting someone and then saw the blonde woman,") it just *hit me* and I decided that was too much info for how sold on the movie I already was.

Does anyone recut trailers to save movies from their marketers? Do they, maybe, have a low ^/medium ^^/high content threshold for people who want different amounts of spoilage?

One could argue Bond movies have always given away a lot, but that doesn't mean they have to now. 




 I only watched half. 




  It's already prove abortion helps communities with families not ready for children.

I'd love to see that. 




 [See the whole collection here](http://www.timesofisrael.com/eerie-neolithic-masks-to-make-israel-museum-debut/).

The [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-2573852/The-worlds-oldest-masks-9-000-year-old-stone-portraits-dead-Jerusalem.html) article has a [good pic](http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2014/03/05/article-0-1C0E337300000578-304_634x423.jpg) 




 rough grinding, choose the right stone 




 How common is cutting all carbohydrates discussed as a treatment? 




 random list of things I hope to do next time I look at a property: 

* Bring a 100 ft tape and mark out any specimen trees (you want) or physical obstacles to building.

* Figure out where the sun will rise and set, and how high above the level horizon it is (mountains or trees on adjacent property).

* Note which way the wind blows, and look for signs it might not always blow that way.

* If you want to to mob grazing (check out Joel Salatin and Allan Savory) you could even leave trees in strategically to create attachment points for mobile fencing.

* You probably already checked the soil map, but taking a look at dirt won't hurt.

* Double check water sources and rights.

* You in a flood plain?

* Inquire with neighbors as to power outages and nuisances. 




 I have no clue what he's doing now. Can't even find him on my friend's facebook friends lists. But he was only one of the people living in the apartment. The whole thing got started when I was told the other roommate was a pyro.

Ever strapped mini rockets to a balsa glider and fired it across a street from the fifth floor? 




 The taste was notably more sharp. I would have paired it with a baby swiss and white zin. Maybe walnut relish, too; but probably not. 




 https://mises.org/blog/rothbard-and-hummel-private-and-semi-private-warfare 




 Burning a hole through the top of the microwave is also a concern. 




 the fire or the bread?

I am equally proud of both knowledges. 




 ehhhhhhhh the street widths, setbacks, and necessary infrastructure investment due to a bad municipal decision to use reinforced concrete for pressurized water mains.... 




 You might want to try /r/gardening and include pictures of the cut, leaves, and an overall shot. 




  *fireworks*

I caught a field on fire, once, and a girl almost got bit on the ass by a mini rocket while eight of us set them off on our dock. We put the field fire out with our shirts after vaulting a fence to get there. That sucker detonated at the perfect altitude for catching the max grass on fire. 




 If you could what you go for on amazon or walmart.com it'd help. I always buy crap 




 They say if it doesn't leak or draft it just isn't (a) Wright. 




 You are probably sitting in them "wrong." 




 Granted, the damage was from potholes and the country was Maryland... 




  I'll add my own: not eating enough protein in ketosis to account for increased work load from high intensity workouts.

and then

 I cannot stress enough that getting proper hydration   electrolytes is necessary on this diet

I am no scientist, but what I got out of your post was that you needed more protein, not just electrolytes and water. Are you saying something inhibited your body from using protein that you supplied sufficiently, or are you missing something in your final statements? 




 I'm for Rand Paul, but will inform you his budget proposal has been reported to cut NASA funding. He takes the approach that America needs drastic fiscal change, but is up agains tthe hawks and can't touch defense spending. Seeing as he is planning to cut all corporate welfare before any other cuts are made... that might be 10% of NASA's budget right there. ha ha ha

I think Jeb said he'd increase funding, but what mook would vote for Mr. War and Oil? 




 It is interesting to sit here and think "look, stupid people."

I've messed around with fire, fireworks, propane tanks, potato canons, exploding targets for guns, Chicago fire kites, match rockets, microwave plasma generation, and once exploded a river rock in the campfire by accident... but never pointed any of that at anything I didn't intend to kill. 




 thanks, I needed something to tell my father in law to bond with him next time we go over. 




 That is why when I did this for friends in college with greasy pizza box scraps under a mason jar, we did it on the 5th floor apartment's balcony.

I learned to use bread to pick up glass shards that night. 









 I'll look into that, and I do not doubt you at all. This will probably work in Chicago.

But - Chicago is not the only place which will have to attempt this with the new AFFH rule. 




 I mean the brand new development, complete with offices, medical care, and grocery... *but no sidewalks.* 




 I think this is exactly what we don't need. We need a Kenobi story one or two movies long so that it fits into the headlines and attracts the popular gaze, Ewan can play Obi-wan, and it has a stunning aura like the originals obtained and the prequels strived for. 




 Ah, got it now. I am not a musical man. 




 And the NPS is [struggling, a bit](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/30/opinion/lets-fix-our-national-parks-not-add-more.html?). 




 Sarcasm doesn't always transcend fields of knowledge. 




 [MFW there are 65 upvotes and no explanation, yet.](http://i.imgur.com/w0Il5oG.gif)

^^edit: ^^[source](https://www.reddit.com/r/EditingAndLayout/comments/3e2dmv/when_my_friends_mom_said_that_knights_in_the/) 




 Doesn't matter if they still can't get to work. It is dangerous and uncomfortable to walk to work over distance in these areas, even when there are paths.

Even before Cash for Clunkers [ruined the used car market for millions of low-income families](http://fee.org/freeman/detail/the-i-hate-the-poor-act-of-2009), cars were expensive; once you move into the suburbs most every trip needs to be taken by car or requires despicable amounts of travels time. For a low-income family suburbs (the touted and marketed ideal of freedom and independence) become a prison. 




 I am reading [Suburban Nation](http://smile.amazon.com/Suburban-Nation-Sprawl-Decline-American/dp/0865477507/), right now. So this was fitting. 









 [You wanna see something bleak and disturbing?](https://www.google.com/maps/place/ALDI+Charles+Town,+WV/@39.3027597,-77.81613,16.75z/) 




 The [article](http://civileats.com/2015/07/13/what-it-takes-to-make-a-decent-living-raising-ethical-meat/) is short enough, but notice there are two books.

1. *[Farms with a Future](http://www.amazon.com/Farms-Future-Creating-Sustainable-Business/dp/1603584382)* was written first and is apparently a series of interviews and observations.

2. *[The New Livestock Farmer: The Business of Raising and Selling Ethical Meat](http://www.chelseagreen.com/the-new-livestock-farmer)* seems to me to have more appeal for theoretical study, since it is a derivative work which makes a point to address how things should be done, nothow others are doing them.

When we discuss externalities in food production, we can talk about the effects on resources, animals, food products, consumers, and the competitive market. I hope to be able to find someone who can communicate clearly the weight I place on social matters as externalities, or develop that message myself. It is one thing to remark on industrial animal farms as inefficient, but another to say when they replace more local food production it has more human detractions. The second message may win us more friends, allies, and converts.

(edit: both books are available on Amazon. I think there is a 25% discount when you sign up for the publisher's mailing list when bought through the Chelsea Green site.) 









 The guy didn't need help and if you just saw a giant lorry smash a dude's bike, why would you leave your baby unattended for even a *second* with that threat looming? Didn't you see there were other trucks on the road? 




 lana del rey?

is that how you spell it?

I have always thought that people who care about Bond films and people who care about music are not perfectly aligned... 




 Inspired by recent events? 




 In the gif I thought she left a baby carriage *with a baby inside* on the streetcorner as she ran over. Good to know that wasn't the case. 




  The reason it went viral: Charles Marohn, president of [Strong Towns](http://www.strongtowns.org/), a Minnesota-based non-profit advocating for more thoughtful transportation spending as an element of building stronger communities. 




 So what does the cloak hide when it is stuffed into a bag, folded in on itself a hundred times? Nothing. There has to be a person below it for it to really matter and a dead body isn't a person. 




 Well it would be your body left behind, but not *you*. So death could go on killing. 




 The Hampton Mansion, north of Baltimore, was the largest residence in America when finished in 1790. The empire-like holdings the Ridgley family had control over dipped heavily into early industries such as ironworks, mills, quarries, and armories which eventually supplied much of the cannon ordered by the Continental Congress for the revolution.

I would say you are correct. The multiple large cities in the area greatly improved the market for inorganic materials and processing services which have a faster rate of return than farming.

It would be interesting to see if there was a difference in marketing for the local tobacco versus the more southern tobacco. I think the southern product was exported overseas, while urban Marylanders would enjoy the bounty of their neighbors. Marketing overseas includes great risk and overhead, meanwhile the Ridgleys could sell to Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington, Wilmington, and settlers headed west. 




 Sorry that happened to ya. None of that was Catholic, however. You may have been wrapped in the paraphernalia and prayers of the Church, but not its teachings. I expect any priest would have taken the situation very seriously if they learned about it.

There is a small chance you might get more peace from looking into where your parents went wrong from various angles. Most are pretty obvious but there may be some areas you want to seek specific answers. Ask away at /r/Catholicism

I kinda want to know if all those books and stuff *was* touted as Catholic, though. Remember the names of any books? 




 Too bad it sounds like he might have gone from one controlling relationship to another. Hope not. 




 The point of that recommendation is that the bristles are stiff, thin, and dense.

I think mine is all synthetic; it was $7 on amazon.

Don't forget to clean it. 




 It is sad that someone would make the jump. 




 Why let government in the door at all? There is no mandate in the constitution, so federal meddling is right out. An open, private certification company would do much better. - and better than that would be competing firms. 




 Boar Bristle brush once in the morning and once at night, always only when dry. It spreads the sebum and oils.

You might try something mild like Brylcreem, which is basically just more oil and wax. "A little dab will do ya." I use it after I am forced to shampoo. It replaces the oils and wax that are lost, so if your scalp maybe just make less oil and wax it might give you the boost you want. 




 Canals wouldn't have to be so large if the storm capacity can be reduced. 




 1. These new mental health facilities and associations may not all be good, and some go bad over time. This isn't a reform looking backward, but forward.

2, 3. It depends how successful any movement is, whether or not bureaucracies will fall.

4. I don't think I see any direct comment through that article's content.

One of the problems with mental health is that in the past we have not had many cases of people being "cured." The terrible situation where once a person falls into a problem, they never crawl out. This is as costly as a lifetime sentence in prison.

Today we have the benefit of improving nutrition and finally have real empathic counseling. Not every patient has a chance of full recovery, but many cases of depression and anxiety can be relaxed by giving people the strength to return to normal life and the lessons to remain with us. We are leaving behind the inhumane and despicable "treatments" of old.

One of the "trusting" aspects of saying *if one political faction makes changes as they see fit, what will happen* is that you have to trust the economy will get better. We all think our way will make it better, so I would extend the same hypothetical to any other suggestion. When an economy gets better, people have more time for personal projects and family, a greater possibility of gaining capital, and less-tight budgets. 









  the libertarian solution to our mental health crisis?

1. Tort reform to repair us to a "loser pays" system. This enables little guys who have a definite winning case, but no money, to take on corporations with legions of lawyers.

2. FDA told to let all medications meeting basic, fast, approval onto the market. Doctors and consumers should be responsible for using healthy treatments and [private associations can be formed to guarantee product quality.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DvxT7fryE3Q) This enables products excluded by the cost of FDA approval to come to market and allows new products to take on old ones without lobbyists preventing the FDA from approving.

3. The VA would stop automatic prescription of psychotropic medication. Our vets need real, personal, mental health guidance. People can be counseled out of darkness, it isn't a chemical imbalance. [There is no evidence of a chemical imbalance causing emotional or mental changes in a way like we hear from pharmaceutical companies.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARZ2Wv2BoFs) (By the way that ain't some internet quack)

4. (Presuming a libertarian government is making more decisions and cutting government spending) Reduced taxes and maybe even a restored currency would enable more charitable giving and investment in philanthropic ventures. Families living in fear of siblings or children would have more options for where to send their troubled relatives for help.

This is off the top of my head. I wonder if #2 would help stop family physicians from being barraged with commissions from pharma companies to prescribe quotas of psychotropic drugs. Doctors would also be responsible for commending and recommending patients to mental health facilities. 




 Really, we'd rather have less taxes so we can contribute to these things charitably. We had a great deal of mental health services available until funding was massively cut - There are tons of abandoned centers for treatment all over the US. I wouldn't trust the government with it, again, because legislators will just forget and cut funding again (possibly driven by private prison lobbyists). 




 A more "green" or "sustainable" thing to do would be to restore the soil and forests which retard the flow of water across the landscape. 




 [The evidence is strong](http://img.spokeo.com/public/900-600/lee_iacocca_2002_11_08.jpg) 




 In high school I would have been preoccupied with you having said 'i a coc' 




 I would rather the public have more public funds and more liveable spaces than be more aware of the profession. 




 There isn't anything to say these people don't realize the title might be missing info. It is well accepted that the first comments refuting something or adding new info is a good thing to check. 




 Do you think I should wait three hours, maybe? 




 went broke and then got even more money and tax benefits, of course. 




 OPs title could have been better written? no shock there. 




   figuring that settles the issue

You'll have to point out where I said that, or inferred it. I gave you some things to watch. That doesn't mean I considered it the end-all be-all. Obviously, since we are still discussing it.

 The dichotomy between Keynesian and Austrian capital models come to mind very quickly.

Those are different understandings of a single reality. There are similarities and differences in the understandings and since we are not omniscient, neither one can be proven - though parts can be disproven (As Keynesianism/ use of econometrics has been on a philosophical basis by Austrian Econmists).

 unique moral priority to their culture

I find that humanity has a single morality. Different cultures have different traditional responses to their environments which color morality (espiecially in the absence of Christianity).

 Capitalism fitted the people with a yoke akin to slavery.

As I said, G.K.C. created his own definition of good, pure capitalism (distributism) and relegated the term "capitalism" to crony capitalism in his work. Businesses profiting by use of the force of the state to oppress and repress workers and competition being akin to a yoke of slavery? That I agree with and think he did too - but that is referring to a political mess not a system or quality of economics.

I am a hopeful anarcho-capitalist, though I realize that future is troubled and dim at present. I hold a county-level party position in the Republican party and a leadership position in both a state-level and county-level groups partial to Ron Paul, though nonpartisan.

I am not nice on the internet. Don't know why. Maybe I'm too nice in person. 




  But I still find it interesting that the Nazi's base of power was in Munich and Bavaria (largely Catholic), but that the locals there still did not support them in large numbers

If the NAZI party tried to base somewhere more mild to their views, rabid supporters like one finds in a minority would not be present. Rather, there would be the diffident reactions one expects from people who agree but are not surrounded by people holding ideas they dislike enough to value activism over working or family. In Bavaria, Hitler probably found people who despised the local norms and made sure to turn up at every event. Supporters from other parts of the nation who were strong enough lent what they could. Disrupting the norm gave them national acclaim.

I am hypothesizing, not dictating from research. 




 dn dn dnnnnn 














 Does the Democrat party support any crazies? 




  Its not really unsafe as long as you cook it after.

 Obviously don't leave raw meat in warm water for hours, but just to defrost? Its fine.

These two are tied together. If meat is left in the bacterial growth range of temperatures too long and then cooked, it isn't the bacteria you have to worry about - but the toxins they leave behind. If defrosted horribly incorrectly, a meat can still be unsafe when cooked. 




 "always"

is the important part. 




 [Cory Booker and Rand Paul have worked together on this](http://www.msnbc.com/msnbc/rand-paul-cory-booker-reform-the-war-drugs) for some time, already. 




 By reducing the number of laws describing criminal offenses, sometimes by making them into civil offenses. 




 Yep. Meanwhile you have Rand Paul, who actually does want a smaller government, and who has been teamed up with Cory Booker on this for years. 




 Art project. 




 The question now is... What was Steven Segall doing in Mongolia? 




 What would you call an appeal to authority? Everything I have posted is not backed by citations because these people wrote books - which you can buy or find in libraries if you want the knowledge.

There is no such thing as "an expression of capitalism." Capitalism is not political. Capitalism is the use of savings and trade. Chesterton did accept this definition - though he wrapped it in much discourse - but then he liked to be the person making the definitions rather than using someone else's. His main problem with economics was how few people had capital instead and how many had wages because they had no capital. Distributism solved that voluntarily. But that is the thing - a true free market is created by and regulated by voluntary action. Chesterton made Distributism to give free market capitalism a new name, to scoot out from the influence of governments.

"We are so horribly unjust..." Who is horribly unjust? The small business owner who has to choose how to split up 60 hrs of work per week between two employees? The daycare owner who has to comply with mandated regulations and pay legal insurance because tort is unreformed? Can we even *really* blame the corporations for lobbying the governemnt to control and capture our legislatures and regulations, respectively? A corporation is a protected class of private organization only possible thorugh governemnt law and corporations only want to lobby because the government has power over their sectors and industries... so maybe the solution is to remove power from the government at various levels and return a large degree of subsidiarity to our nation?

So that last comment wasn't so much ad hominem as particularly broad. You are making nonsense statements and need more grounding in the background of the development these ideas underwent from different sources than you are used to. 




 My argument is that you are spouting gobbledegook and need to re-take core curriculum classes with capable professors. 




 I would group it into the "dirty future" style. Like having Windows XP in an episode of Firefly - though that isn't a perfect example, just a funny one. 




  The problems with Trusts and Monopolies of large corporate interests were actually far worse in his time than they are today.

Revisionist opinion. Please consider watching these: [1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-LJ3wZjD4I), [2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tA6BVRiUKyQ) 




 [ ...historians with an ideological axe to grind against the market usually ignore an authoritative 1906 report of the Department of Agricultures Bureau of Animal Husbandry. Its investigators provided a point-by-point refutation of the worst of Sinclairs allegations, some of which they labeled as willful and deliberate misrepresentations of fact, atrocious exaggeration, and not at all characteristic. ](http://fee.org/freeman/detail/29-upton-sinclairs-the-jungle-proved-regulation-was-required)

Same article -

 According to the popular myth, there were no government inspectors before Congress acted in response to The Jungle, and the greedy meat packers fought federal inspection all the way. The truth is that not only did government inspection exist, but meat packers themselves supported it and were in the forefront of the effort to extend it so as to ensnare their smaller, unregulated competitors.

Same article -

 In the end, Americans got a new federal meat inspection law, the big packers got the taxpayers to pick up the entire $3 million price tag for its implementation, as well as new regulations on the competition, and another myth entered the annals of anti-market dogma.

Same article -

 To his credit, Sinclair actually opposed the law because he saw it for what it really wasa boon for the big meat packers.

Enjoy. 




 I wish, but that isn't feasible now that the executive branch has an alphabet soup of regulatory and enforcement bureaus. 




 He says use oil for a transition period then stop. 




 Don't forget to go through any posts or comments you have saved. 




 So it is. I hope you do, as well. 




 Dunno about brain fog with coconut, but wouldn't be surprised. I get rashes where my ribcage ends which last two to six weeks. Read up on the different classifications of coconut oil. Some have unwanted qualities, but you want refined. I think there is hot refined and cold refined... 




  a racketeering operation

Oh, so you thought this was a market report saying the feds were on the way to take down Gillette. Come on. It is a men's interest article with colorful language. 




 I respect that opinion and think it applies to so many things in American life, but who is getting the money and how?

1. We know how we got here and who did it. It may have been a conspiracy to snag McGovern to the anti-fat side, but that seems about it. Corporations got in bed with narcissistic scientists, which gave them sway over legislators.

2. The "broken window fallacy" describes how causing an expense in one place does not simply create profit in another. If you break the baker's window, the glazier and judge get a payday but the miller and shoemaker go without. Although we live in a nation whose economic policy has been crafted by people who do not understand this phenomena at all, and sometimes applaud when nature breaks windows, I personally would not lay the blame for a bloated sector on outright government action. Rather, it is known that pharmaceutical and agricultural corporations lobby to preserve the status-quo.

IMO it isn't about keeping people working but keeping people sick. People working is a result of people being sick. A bad economist would say that keeping people working is the goal (to increase economic action) but a good economist would realize that the added expense of healthcare slows the economy and wastes people's money, forcing them to support the added expense while making them less able to do the basic productive acts at all levels of industry.

There is always going to be a fuzzy line between required expenses, subjectively desired expenses, and expenses mistakenly required. All these expenses mistakenly required by government advising an improper  diet are funds siphoned off and straight up handed to various industries: Agriculture, healthcare, diet foods, and exercise. It doesn't matter if someone has a job now because of the misallocation, they would have had a better one if the mistake had never been made. We all kinda had other plans for that money. 




 He is relating personal experience. The fact in the article is that he doesn't use shaving cream anymore and recommends that to everyone.

Did you want scientific tests on skin or an explanation of how lotions and creams affect skin on a molecular level? Those would be cool. I don't know of many places that hand out grants to people to discover that using less of something is better.

Ninjedit: a word 




 /r/nopoo all the way 




 Not that it is a good reason for electing Hilary. 




 Here, let me help. Make someone a cake and ice it with that. You could do lettering or the whole dang thing.

EDIT: joke. Why would anyone think that wasn't a joke? Surprising someone with a cake that sucks in some way is classic. Just like the "Sponge" cake prank. 









 Just asking for clarification, not snark: Are you being serious or joking? 




 I was on Ritalin (and then 64mg Concerta) for the longest time. Stopped after high school. Right now I'm just trying to figure out a new life situation but I will be paying very close attention to how I react to ketosis when I get in there.

It is always good to hear another success. Just think if we hadn't gone through childhood and puberty on carbs. 




 He'd eventually have to start revealing his secrets... 




 You got me. NSFW.

Off to delete that from my history. 




 Do you have a coconut allergy? What kind of consumption are you trying?

I have an allergy and am completely untroubled by *refined* coconut oil. It is the proteins which trigger inflammation and rashes. Refined oil has no proteins and hence, no smell or coconut taste.

In the case of dairy, are you saying you have classic intolerance? I have that, as well. Pills only go so far, but I recently got my hands on some raw milk and it has made me tolerant. The effects are probably temporary. 




 We'd have to make sure the ancaps were available to help. 




  Its true that the conditions inside of the hyperloop tube are similar to Mars' normal conditions.

Except all that super-abrasive flying sediment. The tube seems to be the important part, to me. 




 I guess you should start him on saber drills and horseback riding, then. 




 We should complete the circle.

____ will just be a reddit with a decentralized infrastructure. 




 If ever a psycho alpaca there was, you was. 




 Mike Rowe explains it very well in the videos linked all over the place. They cut the tip off the ballsack, squeeze the nads out, and then tear them out using teeth. A goat's penis is well removed from it's testes and is unharmed in the process. 




 They are *not* ripping out the penis in the gif. I've raised goats and can assure you of that. 




 Is there a specific name for it and the people that perform it? 




 Yeah, less tools = less to worry about 




 And try to avoid explaining why you ask for it by referencing how it was restricted to cut down on meth labs supply... 




 This is worse than Carthaginian. 




 Don't we take the time to tie off and suture up dogs to stop the bleeding? 




 [Even better](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8XNzNlGirLo)

You can hear them pop in this vid - and they explain it. 




 More like, avoiding the traumatizing parts. 




  People argue about this shit regarding restrictions placed on properties 150 years ago where everyone is now long and dead

Almost like there should be a blanket agreement not to do it anymore. It is one of the more frustrating frayed ends of a contract. Actually I would call it a kafkaesque representation of legal condition. To command property to be under control of a dead body that stopped caring twenty years before passing. 




 How hard would it be to change the character of a subdivision at that point? If someon was to buy more than half the lots would they get some kind of control? 




 I wonder what the profits and taxes are after infrastructure maintenance. 




 Goiter? Hypo? Hyper? 




 Can't nitrogen be addressed with cover crops and rotations? 




 If the doctor talks meds, make sure to ask about a change in diet first. Low-carb and calorie restricted diets have shown benefits to people experiencing seizures. Johns Hopkins has an extensive program for this. 









  [Ketosis for the body means fat-burning (hip hip hooray!). For the brain, it means a lower seizure risk and a better environment for neuronal recovery and repair.](https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/evolutionary-psychiatry/201104/your-brain-ketones)

This is from 2011. Anything change since then? 




 http://themattwalshblog.com/2014/04/07/jesus-didnt-care-about-being-nice-or-tolerant-and-neither-should-you/#QjIc2kiLtkC8rQqt.99 




 no no no no.... just... I donlt even want to read this but its breitbart so it has to be true. just wtf!? 




 Alternate history exposes the character of real people who we only ever hear about what they did, not what they might have done.

Peter Turtledove and Newt Gingrich and the Shaara family taught me that. 




 I got interested in all this from listening to a three-hour lecture by Mark Shepard. He specifically embraces capitalism to the extent it is the way to do business.

So here is something interesting. There is another movement: New Urbanism. But if you ask some of the more conservative people they will take the buzz word and scream AGENDA 21! AGENDA 21! So that leaves Andres Duany out of the picture. Andres, along with his wife and some others started it right out of college. But their exposure is limited. This engineer in the midwest, Chuck Marohn, gets fed up with creating bad environments and finally sees their stuff outside the left/right spectrum. He heads a group called Strong Towns. Together - and they are well known to each other - one or the other can get into any town or city in the US.

*They are both promoting the same thing.* Serving people, restoring economic rationality.

It is the same, everywhere. Even with the Papacy! Back and forth. Distributism! But property rights are central! Social Justice! But remember that social doesn't mean government. The earth has to be preserved... We want something and we all think we know how to get it... but we swim in anarchy. That is the reality. Society, markets, and the individual all interact but have different rules on the inside.

Permaculture is kinda like a ruleset for anarchy in some ways. Extremely interesting.

/rant 




 Here is a video explaining the Catholic position. It is called [The Third Way.](https://vimeo.com/93079367)

I haven't seen it in a while, and have been thinking about other things recently so don't want to comment. But if you want I'll catch up on it and reply. 









 Does he do this for tax reasons, like [Sepp Holtzer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_NIpYQsDWU index=6 list=PLLISQy9l1YUkScuUq0l6qUov7tj8Vmt8I) (listen past the intro)? 




 Past Popes have understood the limits of altruism. 




 Maybe he meant "beat to" as in marching to a drum beat. 




 [Jesus was an Anarchist.](http://www.anti-state.com/redford/redford4.html) 




 I expect in Sweden there is a lot of literature on what to do and how to do it, along with local representatives who can help you get started. Still, I might suggest frequenting farmers markets without a CSA for a year until you get your feet under you. Sell what you end up with until you can predict what you will have.

But I know goats, not fields, so take that for as much weight as you want. 




 [This one is a little darker](https://youtu.be/R8zedXN_bdQ) 




 Dark blonde, red beard?

Same here.

Red beard best beard. 




  docking with a rip is hard that is.

goood tiiiiimes.

gooooooood tiiiiiiiiimes. 




 http://whqr.org/post/north-dakota-oil-town-it-bust-or-slowdown?

BTW check out Strong Towns for more about infrastructure overextension. 




 People take that many ways. 




 He didn't let the climate change realists get a piece in when they asked to join the convo. Denied. That isn't right. Its the thing that troubles me the most about his Papacy so far... he's locked himself in ideologically. 




 You see both sides. Catholics have contributed massively to the understanding of anarchy and objective morality.

I want more than ever to find another Catholic who wants socialism and would explain why they are allowing of government intervention, theologically.

Don't get it. 




 Some people would say the amount of bread in each of these is too much. The marinara sauce has a surprising amount of sugar. Being of this camp I think the balance of price, fat, and protein is good.

On the other tongue we have people who would say the fat content is not low enough. 




 HA! Figured out that meatball marinara a long time ago. Makes me feel good I was right about that.

 Then I started packing sandwiches, then I got married and we bake 5 chicken breasts a week for lunches. We take it in with frozen veggies and microwave it at our offices. Less carbo - more savings. 




 Endgame? Ever heard of EVE Online? ;]

But seriously, I think all those things are solvable. It takes a creative bunch to manage a game by being a part of it (following the owners, like I said) but it would be interesting.

The way I see it is the objects can be given a lore of disappearing in various situations, this gives the observation team an out to make items disappear.

I see armies and chaos and lonely gods coming out of this. 




