 roughly 20 years ago I wrote a paper for a college class comparing American worker productivity with European worker productivity.   Obviously I don't remember details, but the gist of it was something like *our own* Department of Labor's studies say that European workers are more productive than American workers, despite being worked "to death" 




 So, I have this odd thing ... I've never been a massive salad fan and I'm usually disappointed by them in restaurants and rarely eat them at home, but if you get me in an office cafeteria salad bar I go absolutely crazy. I just love it when they have like 70 different ingredients to choose from, and I'll basically choose them all. Chickpeas, brocolli, cauliflower, carrot, jalapenos, black olives, green olives, banana peppers, kidney beans, and more.   They get pricey, and sometimes they get so large I can barely finish them, but I love them.  And honestly jalapenos on a salad is great.  




 *Of course you can.* I think you've missed the point of my comment.  




 Needs more flags.  And some mention of gun rights.  




 yeah, putting alcohol in your alcohol seems to be distinctly American.  Besides, it's not like Jameson needs something to help it down... it's smooth like butter.  




 I did 8 guinesses and 8 jamieson's in about an hour and a half once.  I had been practicing though.  




 I can't remember where or find the post, but someone asked about meatballs. [This is a phenomenal recipe] (http://www.food.com/recipe/authentic-italian-meatballs-92095).   I just do one extra thing - I brown them in olive oil first, to the point where they develop a slight "crust" on them.   Absolutely amazing recipe, I swear it's difficult to not eat half of them right out of the pan.   

Today I chose to finish them in sauce for pasta, but every time I make these I wish I had cleaned out the freezer first and made a whole freezer's worth. 

If you're still buying frozen meatballs, stop it.  Just make this recipe once and you'll never buy frozen meatballs again. 
 









 oh, I misinterpreted.   Yeah, she had something else going on than and your being vegetarian was just an outlet for it.  




 you took a zero in New York CITY ?  Seems very contrarian to the spirit of the hike ... is that common ? 




 I think alot of it is just machismo.  I used to say that salad isn't food, it's what food eats.  




 Uhm, if I were say stuck in a cabin with vegetarians for a week, and NOT from a mixed household I think I would get frustrated at a lack of meat.  Especially if most meals featured fake meats (I love fruits and veg, but never found a fake meat I liked).  She just sounds like a bitch though. 

Edit: let me explain that first sentence a bit ... not trying to insinuate that a week with vegetarians is a sentence, but if you're an omni, and I'm guessing particularly in the US, you're probably used to a good deal of meat in your food.  Like breakfast, lunch dinner.  If you converted to vegetarianism than you probably know what I mean.   If you aren't prepared for a week of pure vegetarian meals, this can be a big change.  And, if you eat like I used to, you may literally not even appreciate vegetables and fruits.. so suddenly going "cold turkey" especially if you aren't prepared for it could be tough.    

She still sounds like a bitch though.  




 That dog is wearing a Sunnydress !  




 sometimes it's amazing what actually works.  

my bathrooms were both tiled directly on top of drywall, not even greenboard, nothing but thinset to seal it and it lasted 40 years.  when I demo'd one to rebuild it the drywall was perfect (I was rebuilding it for other reasons) 




 This is good life advice in general.  

Regarding sleep ... this was a big problem for me.  My early 20's was spent learning how to ignore my body ... ignore that pain, ignore that need for sleep and created serious sleep issues that carried over for a long, long time.  My civilian career choice and lifestyle of burning the midnight oil didn't help one bit either, but I'll tell you honestly you don't realize how much relatively minor but long-term sleep dep fucks with you until it ends.  I'm not talking going 48 without sleep (we've all bt,dt I'm sure) but I mean just like getting 6-8 hours of sleep but very poor quality, for months or years at a time.   

And friends and family - yes you have to MAKE time.  Especially once you get a busy civilian life going.  I like literally schedule lunches and beers with folks just to stay caught up.
 




 No, you shouldn't have to worry about taking AT off, but I think it's good that you do... as a civilian you're in the real world, and if you want to compete effectively in the carer and workplace you need to think about stuff like "hey, am I staying competitive".   

 




 Yeah, this really does happen.  




 It's definitely an old adage, but seriously, they actually make color charts out of it? WTF.  Like someone's gonna be like "hey, who's between 5 and 6 ... ok you guys in the amber to tan range drink an extra half quart".   




 I'm pretty impressed that my son actually walked to the library after school and came home with a bunch of classic movies.  Yeah, we're totally wired, probably 4 different subscription streaming services plus FIOS, but he's learning to appreciate that there's gratification beyond the "instant" 




 Well, I guess it depends on what you mean "that side" or your tolerance for commuting.  I'm by the Mall, so Dobbin and Snowden are one in the same to me, and we're back and forth a couple times a day it seems. 




 lack of a tub is very limiting, but it's the lot that hung me up.  I don't know the NC market, but that lot is highly unusual. 




 Completely agree ... a 2.5 cut just tells me the owner is dead set on overpricing it.  




 if I ever went to Manchester I'd be far too busy harassing the locals about Smiths history to bother eating.   




 I would call both Liberty and Costco reasonably priced fuel.  I avoid Exxon.  




 the UK does have some great Indian food.  I remember dining at some higher end place in London once, down in zone 1 or 2, it was completely different than here in the States and mind bogglingly good.  I guess you guys *are* the original exporters of Indian food. 




 So basically you can sub squash for zucchini in most recipes ? Didn't realize that - definitely creates more potentional.  Thanks ! 









 Really ? Had no idea there's so much back there.    




 Hmm.  Depending on how well the veggies were cooked and the kind of dish they were in I don't think that would actually bother me too much, especially if I'm like gorging on indian food for 10 bucks.  




 I hear Parampara stopped making tandoori massala. Is that true ? It was my favorite ... why'd they stop making it ?  




 I'm also willing to bet that they monetize that data externally. 




 oh that sounds fantastic.  

 




 honestly don't know what kind ... wife planted them, not me.   I just want to make sure we use it before it goes bad.   




 yeah if you're back in gateway it's kind of slim pickings to speak... I don't know if a giant gas station complex is the right answer though. I would favor more opportunities for local Mom and Pops myself ...  




 yeah, that's my thinking. 




  32629

I'd be underwater and living off savings alone within the first month at that rate.  




 thanks, Maverick is a go to in the smoking world as well.  I think I'm set on Thermoworks now though ... I really do want a kind of "guaranteed to always work" / buy it for life" type one... thermometers aren't something I want to put effort into, I really want to be able to take it completely for granted at all times.  




 So we planted a couple squash seedlings earlier in the year and before you know it we have WTF large squash... like over a foot long.  We've literally never seen squash like this - they're easily four, five times bigger than any we've gotten in stores.

I'm thinking of making a chili out of one of them, perhaps along with some zuke and firmer meated veges to add more texture.

I don't want to waste the novelty of having a ridiculously large squash by just chopping them all up though.  Any ideas on what we could make that would keep them somewhat preserved in their shape ?   Stuffing one has already come to mind, for sure, but looking for other ideas as well.   

A squash boat of something ?  




 also middle eastern, never liked eggplant.  Baba ghanoush be damned.  




 WOW! Just the ability to have freshmade naan at home is worth it.  I HATE packaged Naan !  




 I have made a few dishes with MDH's buryani massala at home, and then shortly after tried a new Indian restaurant and I *swear* they used MDH.  It has some very distinctive components to it that are rather unmistakeable. 

Out of curiosity do you think it's rather standard for restaurants to use packaged massalas instead of making their own ?   The dish itself was still much better than I can make at home, but I was a bit surprised - not offended or put off mind you - to realize it was prepackaged massala.   I guess it's just not economically viable to have someone making a million different spice blends in the kitchen every week.  




 by comparison, my CA membership for the entire family, package plan plus (the whole enchilada) was 100 a month 




 With direct access to Snowden.  

http://www.baltimoresun.com/news/maryland/howard/columbia/ph-royal-farms-stay-story.html
 




 End of thread right there.  Nothing more needed.   Biggest "secret" in the area.  




 helicopter bidet

I don't know about the Corps but I'm guessing the Army nomenclature for this would be "A Bunch of Privates" 




 [Serious]  I've eaten a ton of Indian food, although all in the US and UK and I'm not Indian.  

I have eaten "bizzare" food that's kind of "shock value" like in the movie. I've eaten ant eggs, grasshoppers and other bug stuff in Mexico, and I ate the head of a goat also in Mexico.  This is all currently available in some quite popular restaurants there.   In Cairo I ate brain of something- it was 20 years ago and I don't remember what or which part of town it was. 

Never in Indian cuisine though have I heard of anything like what's in that movie ... I'm sure it's all for effect to enforce the "exoticism" of travelling overseas.  Another common mechanism for this is the "market place" ... you'll notice there's a recurring them in movies of showing crowded noisy marketplaces with all sorts of bizzare things for sale.

In the Carribean you can get ox tail soup.  In other parts of the world there are other equally unusual foods such as fried scorpions, fried frogs etc, but I've never come across or heard of anything quite like that movie. 

Edit: the weird foods I've eaten were not created for shock value; they are very traditional foods for that region... we chose to eat them more for experimentation and their "shock value". 




 they should make pre-moistened helicopter wipes  




 I think the thermapen will be in my future.  I don't engage in much candy (yet !?) although I like to make marshmallows for the holidays... but lately I've been thinking of toffee, so maybe I need to make the leap !  




 I've heard of the thermapen before and always thought it wasn't necessary to spend that quite of money on thermometers ... but I was always not cooking stuff right either ;)  For right now my "instant" read - which absolutely is not as good as the thermopen - does the job for me... the only time I actually use  it is when smoking barbeque which is an incredibly temperature tolerant technique.  




 thanks all, this thread convinced  me to get the ChefAlarm.  I could  use  it while smoking barbeque as well.  




 thank you - seems like Thermoworks is serious about their products.   I'll give them a whirl. 




 Not to suggest a loss of empathy or humanity, but if you're in any role at all on a trauma team one really can't afford to get hit by the feelz while working.  Not a job I could do.
 




 For a baguette you can scoop out some of the breading, making a little hollow on each side.  




 I've never eaten a lot of couscous, but with a grain dish like that I bet some roasted bell and just transparent fried onion would be quite nice.   Perhaps even roasted corn.  




 bingo.  I found a great meatball recipe online and made it even better by searing them first.  It really does change the flavor for the better.  I just pan fry them in a bit of olive oil, let them get a bit of a crust to them and then transfer them to the sauce.  They're to die for.  




 I just got burnt by an eight dollar candy thermometer.   Any recommendations on a reliable, truly well made (not just well made for mass produced crap) that will work accurately and confidently for years to come ?  I intend to use it for both frying and candy making ... or perhaps I should have two specialized thermometers ? 

Edit: Hey everyone, thanks for the great comments.  Seems like ThermoWorks is the brand to go with and has a couple great choices as well ... Dot, ChefAlaram, ThermaPen ... decisions decisions. I've seen their stuff in the past but never thought I needed to invest in a thermometer until this commodity one I used last night ruined dinner... so a ThermoWorks is in my future.  Im going to keep them in mind for gifts for my buds who cook as well.  Thank you  ! 




 Nope, but I'll be in northern Maine in a few weeks ... think it's made it's way down there ?  




 Borers was always the draw for me there as well.  In the 80's and early 90's the mall seemd to have more appeal, then became full of just weird shops.  I never really thought they had a solid theme going, then when the Dave and Busters came in I really thought it was getting weird.   




 Call Of Duty: Rockville 

 




 Someone in Australia should start bringing awareness to this.  Perhaps through music, or a political party.  




 Hey folks, 

I used to work on my VW diesel alot and was lucky in that there were a lot of "speciality" companies and sites that just focused on VW's and TDI's specifically.   Made getting quality parts, fluids, tools a lot easier.  Now I have this Sienna I have to maintain and don't know a thing about ... are there companies and websites other than dealers that just focus on Toyota ?   




 yeah, and I think it's already cooked, and there's no tissues to break down, so no real low and slow necessary. I'm gonna give it a try - thanks for the tip !  




 this chart is missing my all time favorite: roasted red bells.  




 any clue what the smoke time is per pound ? realizing this isn't /r/smoking ... 




 i was raised on homemade humous.  Im ok just buying the costco stuff, but i have one relative who still makes her own and yeah, you can definitely tell the difference.  




 tahini is a critical ingredient in a lot of middle eastern foods.  




 hell I smoke all the time ...of all the crazy shit I've smoked I've never thought of smoking bologna ....AND off to the deli counter. 




 Yes, it was in south america where I had it... ironically there was an Irishman across the table from me who informed me what I was enjoying so much.  




 On my left is a long piece of door trim that I'm probably supposed to be putting up instead of wasting time on this site.  This stuff is only about a half inch thick ... it's too spindly to be useful in a 7 foot length like this, so I think I would break it into three pieces: First break it in half - use that half length piece with a sharpened end as a stand off weapon, then take the second half and break them into quarters, and use them as beating weapons; they're be shorter and sturdier.  I could also sharpen them and use them as stabbing weapons.    

Definitely not the ideal weaponry, but it's the best I can think of with this.  FUN GAME OP !    




 SEA MONKEYS.  THOSE FUCKING LIARS. 




 in my case I had tried it before knowing what it was, and was surprised to find I liked it so much.  But yes, when I first learned of black pudding I had no desire at all to try it... live and learn.   




 Fried bologna sandwhiches.  Used to eat those all the time.  There's a place in Nashville you can still get them at !  




 haven't had pudding but  I've had sausage.  It's surprisingly good.  




 I like to to [rub on the butt] (http://i.imgur.com/GFERXY4.jpg). 




 harem of kids

Phrasing ...  




 I really can't stand it when people walk as a group slowly in a rank, taking up all sorts of space and holding people up, particularly in airports where clearly everyone has somewhere they need to get too.  Either switch to a file and make some room, or at least walk quickly.    




 Chubby hubby, of course !  




 You nailed it OP. As you get older, you start paying off that physical debt you acrued when you were younger.  




 Don't stick around to talk to people or accept congrats. Take off.

or, if you're like me, shake like a leaf for about ten minutes afterwards as the adrenaline wears off and you realize wtf just happened.  




 I think a big part of good training is to make the responses instinctive and routine, as opposed to "shit, this just happened, what do I do ?"  

I've always been amazed that we don't include at least basic first aid in a national curriculum, like attach it to drivers licensing or something.  




 bystanders effect is real.  I've witnessed it myself in a couple emergencies :( 

That's why you're trained to actually POINT to someone and say "YOU call 911 now", not "somebody call 911".   

 




 yeah, it's completely different stressed on your feet and shoes:)   
I haven't found running shoes to be very good for anything *but* running.  Mine at least really excel at forward motion, but the second I ask them to do anything else it becomes obvious they weren't made for that.   they also aren't going to handle abrasions, spills, lateral movements, standing etc very well. 

but still, panel separation in a few weeks sounds abnormal either way ... you should probably take them back to Lukes, be polite and chill of course but inquire what they think the usual  lifespan is.  If you liked the fit of those shoes tell them ... but also tell them that you do need shoes to work in as well.   




 tl;dr: the solution for a bad pair of 120 shoes isn't a 60 pair.  

Your 120 shoes shouldn't have worn out that quickly.   Are you wearing them all day, every day or just saving them for running ?  Do you seriously pronate and wore out the treads in one spot ? How many miles a week do you run ? Are you doing other athletic things in them, playing ball, etc ?  Running shoes are made for forward motion and not lateral motion, stops etc.

Instead of looking for cheaper shoes, I'd try to isolate what went wrong with these first, and even try to return them.  I haven't found actually running shoes I would trust on my feet in the 50-60 range.  

In fact, I started the opposite, some cheap shoes (because seriously who the hell pays for 120 dollar sneakers, thats ridiculous right ? ) and they ended up lasting merely weeks and hurting me...I returned those, went to a running store, got fitted for actual running shoes by actual runners who knew what they were talking about.  Yes, they cost about 120 bucks but my injuries almost instantly resolved themselves, and they've already lasted three times longer than my previous shoes, and have a couple hundred miles left on them even.   




 thanks, I just gave it a whirl.  It actually did a surprisingly good job of pulling comps only from the equivalent neighborhood (this neighborhood is an "in the middle" one ... with much cheaper a few blocks one way, and much more expensive a few blocks the other.  But it looks like it's just scraping other public websites ... I guess since rentals probably aren't recorded transactions there isn't going to be a lot of hard data on actual numbers other than "this is what folks have been asking for in the area". 

Which is good enough I suppose... I just want to make sure my maths are in the ballpark and I'm not being delusional. 




 thanks, do you have any idea what actual data on rentals MLS preserves ?  Like does the MLS know what rent was actually paid on something, versus what it was listed at ?  




 thanks man, I'll make sure I have wire leaders as well 




 yikes ...  




 Don't forget that it's another check you have to keep on writing, and it's more accounting as well.    




 that's a real eye opener though.  thanks for sharing.  Curious what the title defect was ? 
 




 Are there any public (free or paid) data sources of historical rent rates, vacancy times, etc ?  It's easy to see what properties sold for because there's a recorded transaction, but right now in terms of trying to figure out rent comps all I have is asking price.  thanks !  




 Holy shit my PSG ... I can't even begin... tell ya, different Army for sure. 




 seriously. shit was way simpler back in the day.  
But then, shit was also kind of rowdy, so there's that. 




 We have a cairn terrior who's pretty famous for merely tolerating the humans he lets share his abode. Doesn't like being picked up, pretty feisty dog.  He's pretty infamous at the vet too.Took him on his first long hike though and by the end I swear he was begging me to carry him.   I picked him up and he was just exhausted, dead weight so I draped him around my neck like a mink stohl and finished the last mile *wearing* him. 




 thanks man I'll pick up a couple new 4 lbs and a couple new 6 and throw this old stuff out.  




 I didn't even think about it taking on the shape of the spool ... it would probably be a mess to cast now.  thanks man !  




 thanks.  alot of folks are saying change it out, I guess it is pretty cheap so I'll get some new 6 lb.  We have three rods and reels between the two of us, so I can do one of them with 4 pounds. In fact, IIRC one of them has a second spool so I can do two 6, two 4.  I hear you on the wire.... I have all sorts of stuff in that tackle box, long shank hooks, multihook leaders, etc so I'll just have to remember to use something like that.   Thanks !  




 Hi everyone, 

I'm preparing to do some fishing with my son while on vacation, and we haven't touched any of our equipment in like 7-10 years.  Would the mono I have on the reels and in the tackle bag still be good ? It was all protected from UV but not necessarily heat and humidity (in a tackle bag in the shed).   Also, looks like I have 4 and 6 on them (according to the empty cardboard boxes I wisely also saved in the bag).  Thing that would work for shorefishing mackerels in Maine ?   There's an unused 12 pd as well. 

thanks !  




 this.  I'm already more intrigued about tall ships than ever before.  I can only imagine the cratsmanship that goes into them.  




 that's right.  It's been a long time since I used one, but most libraries used too (and presumably still do) have a Community room exactly for things like this.  I would definitely want to see community oriented functions like this used to keep libraries prospering over  bars.  




 I think it depends on what you're looking for eh- football ? soccer ? Hockey ?  There's not necessarily a whole  lot right in Columbia itself, but there's a decent amount of teams in the overall area. 




 Interesting, didn't realize there was one sided coverage there. Red light runners infuriate me - I can tell you though that it was much, much worse before we got the cameras. 




 oh noz they got the 80 mils !  




 Hi, 

I used Kyle's for many years.  I have quite a large yard and they cut it for years for only 45 dollars, and they would even let themselves in and out of the fence as well as move the patio furniture and trampoline for that.    Sadly I had to cut back on costs and I stopped using them, but it had nothing to do with them, and actually cut other costs first so I could keep them on. 

If you're interested I"m sure I can dig up an email address for you.  




 I hate when that happens.  I spent years and years on speech therapy, dislexia therapy, hundreds of hours on tutoring and countless dollars on private school only to discovered my kids were goats.  On the upside our grocery bill went down dramatically.  




 yeah you're right !  




 You are gifted.  Even the pose and the expression you chose is incredibly artistic; this could easily be an old photograph of a famous actor. 

 




 Cities, states, whatever, they're both places!  




 Go to Walmart, get yourself a one dollar pair of flip-flops.  In the military we call them "shower shoes". 

Wait, sorry, just realized you want even more than that .. sounds like what you really want is Gardening Clogs.  




 I took a ruck out to Colorado once on a work trip.  Put it in an A bag for safe keeping (A bags are indestructable).  Everything worked out like a charm. 




 Pickle free recipe here: 
some pasta, some tomato, some cucumbers and some ranch dressing make a fine pasta salad. 

 




 this guys right.  check your history.  We've been at war (by various names) the vast majority of time for a very long time now.  




 What they SHOULD be worried about the military BRAC'ing everything out instead. Hello, couple billion dollar revenue loss. 

 




 It's s not actually a chile powder, it's actually chile.  That's it.  Dried, ground Dixon Hatch Chiles, not recipe and nothing else to it, I just covered the pork in it.  

   I buy the chile online from the Chile Shop in Santa Fe, New Mexico.  I discovered that shop while on a business trip and have been buying them ever since (mail order).   The hatch chile is the famous "green chile" of New Mexico (now becoming pervasive in Colorado as well, although it may not be the same chile as the famous Hatch, New Mexico variety.   

Served green, it's a great, brightly flavored chile with just enough kick to satisfy a pepperhead, yet not offend those with milder palates.   In the right parts of the country it's actually pervasive in the cuisine, served as both ingredients in dishes as well as sauces as condiments. I've had the famous "green chile" in quiche, omelets and anything else you can think of.  In New Mexico specifically it's companion is Red chile, and you can order a combination of the two as "Christmas".

When dried and ground this chile takes on a completely different persona, from a milder brighter flavor to a remarkably dark, robust, earthy tasting chile that actually reminds me a bit of roasted coffee beans.

I use this chile in everything.  It plays a prominent role in my brisket rub, which I intentionally keep simple, savory and spicy.   It' also plays a smaller role however in my rib rub, which is a complex brown sugar based rub.  It goes in my chili, it goes in my blackening mix.. it has essentially replaced cayenne and ground chipotle as my go to pepper now.  

The only areas I won't use it are Asian or Indian preparations, which very specifically call for their own unique heat sources.  For any SouthWestern/Mexi/TexMexi meals though it's an awesome chile. 

I still eat jalapenos, both fresh and pickled.  I still love my Tabasco sauce, but for a chile powder this is my favorite by far now.  




 You have a funny mustache but I think your sunglasses are very *avant garde* 




