 What do you think I should do? 




 Hahaha!
 I know 6 weeks is nothing I'm just anticipating how long it might be (6 months...) 




 This comment has made me feel better. Thankyou. 
Hearing you say couples go through these problems gives me a lot of hope, and that's all I want at the moment. Thankyou.. 




 He's been taking anti-depressants for about a month now and we have not had sex for about 6 weeks maybe longer. I know he's struggling with everything and I should be patient (which I am being) but I can't help but worry that it will not come back as long as he is on anti-depressants - which will be at least 6 months, maybe more. I told my close friend and she has said she wouldn't be able to do it, and has told me that if it starts to really upset me then I need to do something about it.
I have been with him for over 3 years and I don't want to have to end the relationship just because we are not making love, but I need that intimacy. I really don't want it to get to the point where it's too awkward to even talk about, let alone do, but I can't force him to have sex with me or force him to talk to me about it.
He's said if in a few months he doesn't feel it coming back he'll go to the doctors, but I think if the tablets are working that he won't want to change anything and get the horrible week of side effects again.
I want to talk to him about it but I don't know how to put it without hurting his feelings or his manhood. I just want to be in a normal relationship with him
I feel like I can see an end to our relationship and I am so scared. 




 I'm in the UK where Wellbrutin isn't often prescribed. 

How do you think I should go about talking to him? 




 He's been taking anti-depressants for about a month now and we have not had sex for about 6 weeks maybe longer. I know he's struggling with everything and I should be patient (which I am being) but I can't help but worry that it will not come back as long as he is on anti-depressants - which will be at least 6 months, maybe more. 
I told my close friend and she has said she wouldn't be able to do it, and has told me that if it starts to really upset me then I need to do something about it. 

I have been with him for over 3 years and I don't want to have to end the relationship just because we are not making love, but I need that intimacy. I really don't want it to get to the point where it's too awkward to even talk about, let alone do, but I can't force him to have sex with me or force him to talk to me about it. 

He's said if in a few months he doesn't feel it coming back he'll go to the doctors, but I think if the tablets are working that he won't want to change anything and get the horrible week of side effects again.

I want to talk to him about it but I don't know how to put it without hurting his feelings or his manhood. I just want to be in a normal relationship with him

I feel like I can see an end to our relationship and I am so scared.  




 If you don't mind helping... 




 To be honest he doesn't do a whole lot when he's not feeling like this.
But I have found what you're saying really interesting and from him it seems like something he really does. He gets stressed under any kind of pressure like me asking what we are going to do next weekend and talking about holidays DEFINITELY puts him under a lot of stress.
We have just started talking about holidays again, I don't want to get let down as our big trip that I have been planning all year he has decided against, so we said a small relaxing holiday. But I don't know how to approach the subject without it becoming a big, stressful thing. The thing is we would need to get it booked really soon but I think he will be reluctant against doing that.
I don't know what to do! I think the relaxing will do him some good but I can't force him to book it?  




 Thanks for the help. 
It's nice to hear that you think I'm doing good. I try not to get upset in front of him but sometimes when I have a bad day I just want to see him and get a cuddle or talk to him.
He didn't actually forget about our anniversary because I told him 'it's our anniversary lets go out for dinner' he just forgot to get me a card or present, which he knows I would love. 

I just want to distance myself from the relationship to make me less reliant on him being there but I also can't, because he hasn't done anything wrong and our relationship is still OK.  




