 I need a list of movies similar to Kingsman: The Secret Service. A little late to this party, I know, but I just watched it last night and thought it was awesome. I'm looking for movies shot in a similar way and with that same kind of over-the-top-but-completely-awesome feel to it. Thanks in advance! 




 Apocalypto. First time, couldn't care less. Second time? Got high as shit and let myself fully immerse into what living at that time would have been like. needless to say, I like it now 




 ya know, only people who smoke crack know what crack smells like. you've been discovered  




 Fight Club. fuck fight club 




 what's weird is, I think that's why I loved it. not in the same vein but kinda gave me an American psycho vibe and I found myself just laughing hysterically at the scenes I really shouldnt have been laughing hysterically at. idk man, I'm weird 




 MJ never lost?! THATS INCREDIBLE!! I didn't know he had 15 championships!! This guys gotta be the best ever then, gee wiz.  




 Yes, because basketball is the only players league. People love rooting for individuals way more than they love rooting for teams. People naturally are drawn towards a human being over a jersey. And the way the NFL is being completely overhauled because of health issues and baseball keeps declining because it's boring as hell, basketball will definitely take over. the worldwide fan base is growing astronomically and that will be a big factor as well. 

these next summer Olympics will prove how big basketball is around the world 




 lol, 245? no way. too low 




 2011 Finals, game 4 in Dallas. Lebron laying the biggest of eggs with 9 points. I was there. 25 rows back. Watching my hero shit his pants on the biggest stage in sports. 

much salt 




 nah. she was alive while she gave birth to the twins after she got choked out. she literally talked to obi wan. you're wrong bruh 




 she was alive after that boss 




 but... he didn't win... according to BET's tweets anyway...

Edit: Okay so I still don't know what's going because the tweets clearly say Steph won, but everywhere else it says Harden won so... I stand corrected I guess? whatever. I'm confused 




 I'm just glad we got a guy who can actually play 12-15 a game and not hurt us while giving Lebron rest throughout the season.  




 He's better than JJ and Mike Miller. I'm happy about this 




 booooooooo get a job 




 If you were given the ability to create the perfect superhero movie, what superheroes would you choose to put in it? What villains? And who would you pick to play those characters? What's the storyline?

In this experiment, there are no character rights rules. Any character is usable. DC/Marvel cross over? Go for it. 

I want to know what the absolute best superhero movie could be from the story to the actors chosen to play the characters.  




 After 2 released songs, is Dame the best rapper in NBA history? no joke 




 '06 Heat is ultimate prime Lebron. oh me oh my 




 yall sleepin on Kyrie... 




 Estimated age, roughly 13 




 I'm sure Minions would be pretty great if I could smoke weed the whole time. fuck it, I'm in 




 hahahha oh my god. totally forgot about that. love that guy 




 Chicago or Miami opener, Warriors on Christmas. There's really no other choice for Christmas. rematches are generally always then 




 so do the little sleeves they put on the end of the skillet that they bring your fajitas out on at Mexican restaurants. 

source: I stole one and it works 




 Kyrie joins the 60 point club, Westbrook breaks through 50 and also joins the 60 point club, Kevin Love breaks the 3s in a game record, Steph breaks single season 3s again, Spurs 27 straight seasons at 50+, Harden wins scoring champ with highest scoring avg since Kobe. 

some of those aren't records, so I apologize 




 lol. not if he gets the ball first on the inbound 




 playing occasionally isn't a threat. it's the rigors of an NBA career and season that posed the real threat 




 that's embarrassingly wrong 




 someone posts this exact comment on nearly every single post in this sub.  




 in my top 5 Drake songs. amazes me how many people haven't heard it  




 False. I can beat Satnam Singh. I guarantee it 




 but just imagine all of the late transition spot up 3s he'll splash. on the defensive end he gets a huge fast break starting block, but the guards get stopped so as he's approaching the top of the key he gets that swing pass and just bangs an in rhythm 3 and the crowd goes ape shit. 

that was very descriptive... I hope everyone is as excited for this exact play as I am  




 stop making shit up, you're not from Texas 




 yeah that makes sense 




 oh that's totally fair if they did play overseas. just asking because, in my mind, that gives the Spurs a pretty good advantage 




 Real question, did Manu and/or Tony play over seas before the NBA? and if they did, which rookie year are we talking? I have no clue if they did or not though 




 I take rookie Lebron over everyone else. rookie kyrie is a top 5 pg in this scenario so that's a plus. Love was solid and boarded like a mad man, Mike Miller was rookie of the year... yeah, Cavs got it 




 For everyone saying OKC, get over it. Ibaka is absurdly overrated, they have essentially no depth and if you think otherwise you're delusional, and this is the year Westbrook finally causes a rift between them where they can't mesh together. he's gone 




 ANIMANIAC THE ONLY THING THAT GAVE ME PEACE OF MIND 




 dang fam, the Mavs know how to party 




 geography was never my strong suit 




 4 weeks later... still no sauce... much disappoint.  




 Uh whatever city Diamond Head is in. Staying like a mile away from it 




 if you're ignorant enough to believe that Obama is a Christian, that's the problem. he said whatever he had to so that he could appeal to whatever crowd he was speaking to at the moment. AKA politics 




 Yeah... that's literally what is explained to the audience at the end of the movie. I don't understand how you can watch the movie and not get that from it 




 A Few Good Vaginas 




 GONNA BE IN MAUI IN TWO WEEKS. BLAZING ON THE BEACH DREAM? CONSIDER IT FULFILLED 




 I just find it funny that in this "ultra tolerant, anybody can do/be/believe however they want to" society we live in, the one thing no one tolerates is Christianity or its views. I mean, I'm not surprised, because it's always been that way, but it's just strange that EVERYTHING else is okay, except that. 

didn't mean to start anything, just didn't understand why religious views and beliefs aren't on the same level as gender preference, sexual preference, etc.  




 Why do they have to be "nuts" just because they believe something? I don't understand 




 how are people so stupid? how are they still alive? how have they made it this far? 




 HELL YEA. FINALLY, SOMETHING FOR THOSE OF US WITH NO SOCIAL LIVES 




 If you didn't tear up in that one, you have no heart 




 Thank you! 




 Okay sweet. Any others I should see? 




 You're a good person. Many thanks 




 So I was looking at the post about Bryan Cranston maybe playing Jim Gordon in a future film and saw that he voiced that animated character for one of the animated films. I need help figuring out which animated movies to watch and in what order. For reference, the last animated batman I saw was the cartoon on TV like 10 years ago, so I know nothing. I would greatly appreciate the help! 




 I always get viruses and pop ups that never go away when I do that because I'm dumb and have no clue what I'm doing. so I asked for guidance. don't be a douche 




 because I'm an embarrassment to the reddit community 




 http://imgur.com/33e5gfR 




 Where can I watch all of these? Anytime Batman is brought up in any sub, these always come up as being better than the trilogy. I need to see the light. pls hlp 




 I read that in my head in a Russian accent for some reason  




 That's the ultimate commitment. Not even being in the film.  




 I like to think Leto is taking the picture like in the other suicide squad photo from a while ago. fully submerged in his character. 

 




 dolla sweet tea from McDonalds, I drink that 




 she got destroyed.  




 Favorite macadellic track 




 she's.... she's perfect. moving to Australia ASAP 




 It blows my mind that people still think that a baby isn't allowed to be deemed a human being until they come out of the womb. Like, really? That's just idiotic. For everyone saying "well they didn't take their decision lightly" well duh. If you were thinking about killing a baby that has been growing inside of you, you'd think about it a little too. 

If you wouldn't kill the baby when it's born, as soon as it becomes a human in everyone's eyes and you can see its little face and hands and its crying in your arms, then why is it suddenly okay to do it a month earlier? 2, 3, 5 months earlier? It's not.  




 I drew this up for my 4th grade group last year.  They tricked themselves and scored on the wrong goal. I was sad 




 Kyries 57 against the Spurs and Tim Duncan's post game salute to the young chap.  




 practiced this move for weeks. I was mesmerized when I saw it the first time 




 your trustworthy opinion card has been revoked. sorry fella 




 Kyrie, surprise 6 spot  




 Yo I know KD was the MVP and all, but he'll never be the best player in the game. D Rose dominated, got MVP, chronically injured ever since. KD got MVP, foot injury.... I just don't think he'll ever be the best in the league now. Best scorer? yes absolutely still possible. but best overall? nah. Anthony Davis is coming quick, Steph can still improve, Harden can improve defensively and make a case, Kyrie is no joke... but my vote is AD within the next 5 years.  




 Kyrie Irving gets more MVP votes than Lebron. Yeah, I said it.  




 Lebron is just naturally funny. I'm excited to see this 




 Financial. Come on, bruh  




 I know. just playing off the title of the post 




 Good... good... drink up, you beautiful little weed... one day you will grow into a mighty plant, ripe for the picking. and I will light you on fire and inhale the wonderful aroma you emit. goooood...  




 Way more important. Want him to succeed so badly 




 I love Cavs Lebron, but god damn there was just something special about Heat Lebron. Man 




 My God. He has one of the purest strokes in the game 




 MIKE MILL MADE IT (Mike Will Made it voice) - Mike Miller 




 same. fuck 




 This was a genius idea. Round of applause for whoever was in the meeting and suggested this 




 Drake is love. Drake is life 









 Christmas isn't on the team yet. That's his summer league number 




 I meant to say I'm NOT disputing that in my last comment. whoops. 

And he's back now trying to fulfill that promise. So I don't see your point.  




 I'm disputing that. All I'm saying is, as a human being and as a man, your word should be just as strong as a binding contract. And to say one thing and do another is immature and disappointing.  




 His old man game is gonna be ridiculous. He's gonna develop some "fuck you" post moves and just embarrass kids on the block 




 www.cbafaq.com

yes they have his bird rights even if he signs a series of 1 year deals. but these are projections, so he could potentially make more than that or less than that. either way, it'll be a lot.  




 Yes. if he waits until 2017-2018, he can get a 5 year max deal with full bird rights. 200+ million 




 nope. 2 year with opt out after 1 




 Incorrect. Year after next  




 until 2017-2018. Cap jumps to 108 mil, which means he can sign a 5 year extension with bird rights and all, making 32.5 mil and up per year.  




 Your word is your bond. At the end of the day, it's all you have. If you can't honor your word, you're a chump. Therefore, ethically worse.  




 don't believe anything. every tweet is a guy pushing a story line. 95% of stuff like this holds no water and is pushed by agents or teams to try to sway the opposing side. just wait until he signs and we'll be fine  




 how does Superman change if the Nic Cage movie had been made? 




 I'll take two Greeks please 




 I coulda sworn that said CJ Miles... apologies fam! 




 wouldn't have happened. he hated Kyrie when he played here. 

source: his best friend was my high school coach 




 You need to leave... you need to leave now. 




 THATS NOT THE ONLY THING THAT CAME EARLY AMIRITE??? 




 Jerry Gergich. Parks and Rec. He is Mario Chalmers.  




 Remember that scene in Interstellar at the school where the teacher says they changed textbooks to reflect the inaccuracy of the Apollo missions? Said they didn't land on the moon and what not? That's where this is heading. A complete inaccurate retelling of history through the eyes of political correctness.  




 If they get JJ, JR is gonzo 




 I don't see Andy being a part of the trade. Or, I don't see the trade happening if it requires giving up Andy. Him and Lebron are too close 




 Windy said we're looking at a Joe Johnson trade with Haywood's contract... what do you guys think? 




 Well damn. Wade hurt you bro? You don't have to laugh at the notion that he's a good TV personality because he actually is. Better than the rest of the dudes on right now 




