 This one is from LA in Los Feliz neighborhood called Churro Borough 




 They actually already make a horchata flavored ice cream here to go with the sandwich. Mine was a spanish latte flavor. They also make a spicy hot chocolate. 




 This is from Churro Borough, a ice cream/churro shop in Los Feliz in LA. They are the self-proclaimed place of the "original churro ice cream sandwich."  




 I counter your diabeetus with insulin. Boom. 




 Sure you can. Eat it :) 









 In exchange for giving up badge. Wow this was such a trap. 




 Thanks for the input man! Leaning towards letting it ride. Go Dubs! 




 If you were in this position, what kind of small bet would you put on cavs? Or should I assume if warriors have such a big home court adv., wait to see if cavs lose game one and then take a cavs hedge? 




 How would you hedge this if you had warriors 5:1 during the season, 200 to win 1200 and cavs at 17/10? 




 Aaron Rodgers + Hugh Laurie = you  




 Is this where tree sap comes from? 




 TOR -7 at Brooklyn 




 Would also love 1st half picks as well! 




 Bar 9 collective in Culver City is one of the best kept secret coffee shops I've ever had in LA 




 While I'm asking, how do people feel about the ROK manual espresso maker? 




 I'm looking for a decent espresso machine, but not one that's too cheap like those you can find in Walmart. Any suggestions? What do you guys think about the Waring Vero Barista? It looks nice. 




 I'm moving to Las Vegas next week and I'm afraid there won't be any good coffee shops/roasters there. I've previously lived in very coffee-friendly cities, SF and LA, so I might be a little bit spoiled. 

http://sprudge.com/jackpot-big-cash-payout-for-finca-las-vegas.html

This article is over 2 years old and I'm pretty sure there hasn't been any progress. Anyone have any suggestions or am I shit out of luck for the next 3 years?? 




 I honestly hope after reading all the responses to this thread that future sitcoms learn the lesson about love stories like this. Hint hint New Girl... 




 sean connery?? 




 the one LEGO to rule them all! 




 Looking for some tips, particularly the Galapagos. There are so many cruise companies and many itineraries to choose from. Looking for something that's inexpensive (I know, difficult) to moderate, definitely not luxurious. Specifically, looking to be there April 15-20. Also anything to do in the Guayaquil and Cusco areas. Also one day in Lima. Thanks! 




 nutella 




 have you ever considered a choose your own adventure book instead with alternate endings? 




 Really great photos. Are these post-edited? If so, how much editing did you do? Lightroom? 




 I'm starting to suspect that this is a ploy just to buy their food... 




 This is seriously one of the more cooler activities I've seen at con. Will be definitely keeping a look out! 




 They don't have them where I live. How much did they cost? I love the designs. Would they be able to ship them??  




 Where do you get those coffee bags? I've asked roasters before and they don't sell them. 




 awesome, totally looking forward to kickstarting this! 




 This isn't sold in the states is it? How'd you buy it? Also how would yours be different from this one? 




 Let us know when this gets on kickstarter. I'd definitely be interested in this. Hario is coming out with their own drip machine later this year. 




