









 Interesting stuff. 




 I'd love to see good original films based on good original scripts. 




 very annoying  









 This could have some arguments. That BBC webpage crashes when I load it every time. 




 that it was boring as fuck? 




 I am normally super drunk Friday 
























 serial killer and a cop 









 I never even heard of this but man this is scary and reallly worth reading.  









 Crime Investigation Ausralia is really good. High production values.  




 i love u 




 cant get them online though 




 i saw the Devil 




 Long read about the money that changes hand in arts of India to secure education and jobs and the violence the can result in it. 
























 This is funny. Where is your evidence for any of your statements? 




 Yeah there is none and everything that came forward could be explained. Reddit amateur sleuths just like to upvote things they know nothing about. 














 An argument for the new economic way. I dont know if it is true but it is an interesting read 












































 Yes i agree, great idea but a boring film, not very funny 




 Piracy hurts man 




 this is kinda funny 




 aweosome 









 Where? 




 http://ajph.aphapublications.org/doi/10.2105/AJPH.2015.302773 







































 Perfect Ride
Photograph by Massimo Rumi, 









 KAUFMAN YOU SALTY BASTARD!!!  














 The first one wasn't funny outside of Walken 














 Suicide Squad looks awful.  




 What do you mean? 




 Looks good they had so many in the last few years. 




 Brilliant film. 




 Make it 20 min shorter maybe? 




 Such awesome movie. 




 We all know who the real Jesus is. He dances and does cocaine. 
























 She would think this a dumb question  














 Good. I have had enough with props and special effects. I pay my money I want reality. 





























 I didn't get chills I thought it was legitimately cringey. 




 Of course. Why you would use this sub if you didn't. Scary to think some people only watch Marvel movies. 





























 I think OP claimed to be better made than https://www.reddit.com/r/OldSchoolCool/comments/3d8tr3/nude_portrait_of_mr_e_h_garland_1916/  




 This isn't funny 




 AND HORNY 







































 education  




 In an interview with Re/code, Blount said that her decision to leave had to do with the big bumps on the road ahead for Reddit.

Along the way, there are some very aggressive implied promises being made to the communityin comments to mods, quotes from board membersand theyre going have some pretty big challenges in meeting those implied promises, 


































 take it out and throw the money away then bolt 




 Inception was a great trailer. Film was alright. 




 change your aspect ratio settings  



















 Yes they are very solid. 












































 Man they've made minions.  












































 congrats  




 I would dirnk in all of these and be happy and eat pies and fish and chips and then talk about sports and maybe have a smoke 




 eat local and fresh my fellow saints 




 archer used to be so funny but that last season was shit 




 he has photo but it does not look like him says my wife s he is handsome and in the photo look siskc 




 thank you man/woman/thing 




 ok cool thanks 




