 My wife and I's favorite Stephenson work is The Diamond Age, although, the reviews I get from others are very hit and miss. 




 This was my favorite book so far this year. Will easily fall into one of my top ten. Such a good read and break from Stephenson's normal genre, although as you get into the second half of the book you can begin to see some of his typical melting of cyber/steam-punk worlds. I won't ruin anything for you, but I will say that this book left me wanting another from this universe. 




 **Andromeda's Fall, William C. Deitz** 

After finishing the ridiculous last novel of the the Silo Series yesterday (see my post entitled "Series that let you down" I felt like I needed to go back to a quick read in a universe I know I enjoy. Deitz's Legion of the Damned novels are always an enjoyable and quick read for me. My dad was in the marines and turned me on to the SF military genre, now it's always an easy way for me to cleanse my palette, especially after a particularly bad read. 




 WTF? 




 The worst part of the Silo series second book, which was a prequel, was that they took a character from the first book who, while you read about him you kept thinking how boring it would be to read about him before this novel and than he did just that. And it was boring. 




 I just finished the Silo series by Hugh Howey. I couldn't put the first book(s?) Wool 1-5 down, so as soon as I finished I snatched up the other two and read them straight through. Wool was awesome, if you're a fan of dystopian futures it's a must-read. However, I would caution you to stop there. The rest of the series, in my opinion got worse with each step until it reached, quite possibly, the most ridiculous conclusion I've ever read. 

What series have you read that started great but just let couldn't pull it out for the last books? 




 Aren't LaGrange points also where you go to perform a transfer to orbit some other body besides earth? 




 I walked the main trail and the little offshoot that goes around behind the fields and comes out at the organic farm bit, no sign of a wallet, sorry. 




 Indian Valley Perserve? I'm right up the road. I'll go take a look. 




 Yep, had a rifle at 98%, snuck up on him, got off a nice headshot, assumed that would do it. It didn't. After doing some reading on the forums seems like since the last update bears take at least two shots, preferably headshots. I think this time I'll lure him to near a hunter's stand so he can't maul me. 




 Love it, still playing it. Had a game going that I had been alive about three weeks and finally decided to kill that damn bear. This morning I started over after it mauled me to death. How do you kill that stupid bear, I want a bear skin sleeping bag. 




 Talk to her man. Clear, concise, don't whine or tell her you NEED it. Just tell her straight up how you feel. Come up with a path forward together. You haven't handled anything alone yet, why start now. Involve her in this issue that affects a marriage between two people. There is no more taking care of yourself (not that masturbation is out of the question, just saying, in general, family problems are a group thing.) 




 I carry two pairs of Teva's. Every goddamn time. If it weren't for bad luck I wouldn't have any. Lost pairs of Teva's that is. 




 I ate six bowls of Cinnamon Toast Crunch as my sole sustenance last weekend when my wife and baby we're out of town.  




 When I saw the update dot on Chariot I was like, who's updating this thing? Good job Chariot devs for listening and responding. 




 When they make another one of [these](https://youtu.be/Az1fr4BR8Ic) I'll give them a chance. 




 Yeah, I saw that today. That guy is the textbook definition of crazy. 




 You and your father (or mother, or guardian) are playing catch. They have a pile of balls on their end. They throw a ball, and no matter how far away they is, as long as they can see you, they can throw it hard enough to reach you. Along the way it may be hit by insects or birds might peck pieces off of it, but it will always reach you in some form. Once you catch it you look it over, you check it for insect or bird-pecking damage, see if there's any missing pieces, etc... You know what a ball is supposed to look like because there's certain indicators that it's a ball, round-shaped, stitched a certain way, what have you. If it's okay and made it completely, you throw it back, they catch it and because they know that they just threw this ball and only has to throw a ball once they picks up the next one and throws it. If it's damaged, you throw it away, no sense in playing with a broken ball. Your dad, mom, etc... never gets the ball thrown back and thinks, "Well, he must not of caught it" and throws an identical ball. This goes on and on until all of the balls have been thrown. 




 I've beat it and still go back to it when I get bored. Wipe out a few dozen bands of orcs, try to clear the bases out as much as I can, ruin a few feasts, etc... 




 I made 4 burgers with a pound of ground turkey, 1 egg, a handful of bread crumbs, some garlic slash Italian seasoning, a splash of Worcestershire, a splash of Franks Hot Sauce, and about a quarter cup of diced Pancetta. I cooked the burgers before I put them in the dough.

Than rolled out the dough, cut it in four pieces, put down some sauce, a few pieces of mozzarella, some salami, and than the burger. Wrap it up, put some mozzarella on top of it and baked it for twelve minutes at 450. Next time I'd put some olive oil on the outside and maybe some basil or oregano. 









 English please Viggo.  




 Holy crap I laughed way too hard at that. 




 Those effects in V were really bad. Like, I'd rather watch the original mini-series bad. 




 I was going to reply and talk about coke ovens, and how they reached anywhere from 2000 to 3600, but, I think we've strayed off topic enough and I'll instead say...

Agreed.  




 Or potassium hydroxide (caustic potash). Definitely more harmful to handle, but easier to manufacture since it doesn't require manufacturing chlorine gas. The bio-diesel refinery I spent my evenings playing Hedgehog Launcher at used sodium hydroxide, but I toured a European plant that used a potassium process. Nasty stuff.

Not that the sodium hydroxide was a walk in the park, as the small chemical burn that I still have a scar from where I should have a uni-brow certainly attests to. 




 When I passed it, I crammed all three practice exams the hour before it. I missed the things not-covered, but made enough that I passed. But don't worry, after you get through that, it's all practical exams. The CLD is not too bad, the CLA sucks. 




 Not if you have an HOA it isn't. 




 Lots of people have said to take that open right lane and not split. Opinions are like assholes, and here's mine. I would split. In California, and notably the Bay area, we're expected to be splitting. When you come past someone while splitting the left lanes, no surprise, if you come shooting up the right side and than jamming on the brakes to get into a gap, you're likely to, at the bare minimum, piss someone off. Worst case scenario, you surprise someone enough you get hit from behind. 

Also, hitting the curves in Marin tomorrow morning if you want to join in. 




 At 2:21, when that music kicked on, I about lost my shit.  




 Is the thought that whatever monster movie you're watching the characters have no concept of the types of monsters that exist in the movie they're in? I mean, it's juust tough for me to watch zombie movies and never once does someone scream, "Oh crap, it's a zombie." 




 So many MCAD memories. 




 1.1M for more engineering and tools. What about the actual work to fix this? Seems like 1.1M isn't going come even close to paying people to fix it. 




 Food in her hand, she's in the kitchen or in her high chair. I don't know how we did it, because we never could with her brother, but she just likes listening to us and doing what we say. 




 Actually, smart ass, probably just a good idea to do it before doing something like changing it to a different game mode that you can't undo. 




 [Only one answer](http://i.imgur.com/lHJBO.png) 




 So happy that Bumblebee is not a Camaro. So, so happy. 




 I gotta say, this makes me feel good to hear. I have a 19 year old and an almost 2 year old. The 19 year old has a different last name and a story very similar to yours, but he's my son. However, he's currently at that stage where we literally would like to strangle each other on a daily basis. We've actually reached the point where it's just easier to smile at each other and talk about video games only because we both know what happens if any other topic is brought up. 




 Good job man. 

Yeah, I try to do at least an hour of cardio, jogging, biking, or a little of both, on my off day. Plus, the hour I spend chasing my two year old helps. 




 I wish this was at the top. This is a very important comment. Deadpool the character is way more and much deeper than anything that reddit puts him on a pedestal for. 




 You won't shave that beard. Them pulling, tugging, playing with, playing in, etc... just feels so good for both of you. Nearing our two year mark and I'm still going strong. I think it would just be weird for both of us if I shaved now. 




 It's cute when my 20 month old does it. It's annoying when my 19 year old does it. 




 [You're welcome](https://youtu.be/KFXyitb0gwI?t=2m59s) 




 Did it get fixed, I must've missed the joke. 




 Right, seems like the company could be attempting to protect themselves from reviews that made incorrect claims. 




 Welcome to the fast lane. 




 Who are Link Corporation, and why do I care? 

Honestly, if I have a bad review of someone and state my opinion, I have no problem attaching my own name and identity to that opinion. 

Is that wrong? 




 That's what I'm hoping for, that it devolves into Frank backed into a corner and just going absolute crazy to cover his own ass/try not to lose his money/mind. 




 You're welcome. Don't worry about putting your FasTrak on the bike though, mine never registers but as long as your license plate is on your account you'll be fine. Never had a penalty at all. 

Ride safe out there. I'll keep my eyes out for you. I commute Novato to Fremont most days. 




 Plus, I think Frank's gonna turn out to be all talk.  




 Shit, yep, just rewatched and I think you're right. I think the shooter was outside and came in. Still, don't understand why putting your gun away when you see blood is a good idea.  




 Step 1. Get Fastrak. 
Step 2. Use the carpool lane on the Richmond bridge.
Step 3. I just saved you 2.50.

Next time you're over here, drop me a line, I'll buy you a coffee and show you some more fun roads.  




 Good point, but what about the overly sexual nature in which he was staring at the young, male, prostitute?  




 I think whatever is wrong with Paul came from his time with Black Mountain (is that what it was called?) and his "time in the desert." Maybe black ops, torture, mind fucking, etc... 




 Yeah, that's what I'm thinking. He either did it or had someone do it. But I think the car outside is the same one Caspere was being driven around in, so, not Frank. Unless Frank stole his own money...? 




 Thank you for what you do. I appreciate men and women like you who take time to try and help keep these wonderful areas of our country safer. 

I rode the Dragon long ago before it became the Killboy Calimari Race Team destination spot that it is today. My Dad moved to Soddy Daisy, TN back then, and so it made a nice side trip when I went to see him a few times.

You live in a beautiful area, and again, thank you for doing what you do. If you ever make it to the bay area, let me know, I'll buy you a coffee and show you our roads. 




 My UPS guy tosses (yes, literally throws) my packages over the gate of the white picket fence I have in my front yard and leaves them laying there on the ground. Twice I had to claim broken monitors. The third time they were delivered by a new driver doing a ride-along with a manager who came up to my door, rang the bell, and woke the baby. Can't fucking win. 




 Frame rate drops mostly or lag.  




 Plays Kerbel on medium settings just fine when it's docked and I'm using the USB fan. If it's on my lap it runs hot and starts throttling. Plays Spartan Strike without any issues at all. 




 I write code in .NET, node.js, and LabVIEW, use it regularly for SolidWorks and OrCAD, and do light gaming on it. I have an i7 and wouldn't consider the i5.  




 This is the ISS transit across the sun? Pardon my ignorance, I've just been made aware of how awesome the skies are and am trying to absorb as much as I can. 




 And soon she'll learn to climb on you and gripping all sorts of new and painful things. 




 You would think they would've figured out during the previews, right? As a dad, had something like this happened, there would've been about three seconds worth of movie to be seen as I snatched my daughter up and walked out. I'm not one to cover eyes, as that typically just breeds more questioning, but it would've been up and out immediately, easily before any recognition of tied up kids or horror.  




 Sorry, I don't think the shipping from Wales to California would be worth it, but you've definitely inspired me to sharpen my hatchet, if that's worth anything. 




 Are you the same guy on that channel with the bowl? This all looks awesome. Good job man. 




 Road America is one of my favorite race tracks ever. I've been on it on a motorcycle and it's nice to see that they've been fairly accurate at reproducing it. There's a truly emotional response to coming out of that right hander pointed directly at a bridge abutment going a hundred miles an hour. I'm guessing I'm going to have to pick this up I guess. 




 I feel like I've missed out on an important part of life without having a boy and getting pee'd on while changing. 




 Congrats, and holy crap. That kid is a giant. I thought my daughter was big at 10 lbs. 




 Without a doubt. I've already got all my gestures set up to replace hotkeys in my programming IDE's so I can actually write code on a plane almost as fast as I do at my desk. 




 What's the TC? Tried googling it and only found Turbo C++, and I don't see anything in the pictures that's 'on' in all of them.

Edit: Type Cover. Jeez, I'm an idiot. 




 My daughter spent three weeks in quarantine waiting to find out if she had a disease that by all accounts should be extinct but for some ridiculous reason she could've possibly died from. Why should I respect the side of a debate that means that my child might possibly die? Take your devil's advocate bullshit and shove it up your ass. Primal enough for you? 




 Yeah, that was a pretty bone head move, seems like you need a few more hours or so in the parking lot or on a dirt bike. And god damn man, get some gear. 




 Sorry to hear man, that sucks. I can't even imagine what you're going through right now, but if you need anything at all, don't hesitate to ask. We're here for you. 




 What's going on? 




 I attempted to write a rational response to your chain of posts. I couldn't. You're an idiot, and rationalizations like yours are why we are still worrying about shit like this instead of living in a gloriously potentially-deadly virus free world.  




 I only see a video of them interviewing Adam Beach. Is that the video that's brilliant and horrifying? 




 What video? 




 I didn't know anyone actually lived in Tyler, I thought it was just one of those towns in Texas you drove through and left. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ab8GtuPdrUQ 




 As a husband to a woman involved in the close knit mothers of Marin societies I can tell you, this has been exploding since the outbreak in Disney World. Mother's getting kicked out of playgroups, retaliation on social sites, outright segregation, etc...  




 Or don't see it...

Amiright? 




 I thought it was 0118 999 881 999 119 725 3? 




 Wait? Are you telling me that Rescue 911 was fake? 




 Just now hit 40 hours on Shadow of Mordor. Shit, I got some work to do. 




 I stand corrected. 




 Just watched Gone Girl the other night with my wife. It was good, but I felt Affleck's performance was along the lines of his worst stuff. Fincher's direction and art looked and felt very good to me personally. I haven't seen Pike in anything else but I liked what she did with the role. But Affleck's performance was his typical self, it felt very Reindeer Games, in my opinion. 




 Or not so far from the Coast... cough Santa Rosa cough... 




 When you cancel your Gold, you keep the games. How is that a rental service? It's more like a subscription service, a'la the old Columbia House CD subscription service. 




 There's a reason that middleweights are called the meat grinder class. 




 Oh man, I needed a good laugh. Thank you. 




 This. I use my Surface to write code, and when I've got a text editor open I usually have it on a dock, but I get to do a large amount of work in LabVIEW recently and setting up my hotkeys to run as gestures and using the pen makes writing code actually enjoyable on a tablet. 




 I'm going with this guy. The short side looks like it's about an inch shorter than the side with the seed in it.  




 This. The travel takes a minute, but after a few weeks of it, I don't notice it all and my Dell laptop feels weird to me know when I use it. 




 Aren't you supposed to cut with the torch angled slightly forward? 




 A campaign to smear the good name of the Professor, which will smear his good name  through a campaign and be a campaign of smearing the name of the Professor that is good. 




 Giving you a flower for Father's Day? My daughter has started picking dandelions for me. I still smile at each one. 




 Penis. Ha 




 Using a dock, it looks like? What else you got going on there? How's it play WOT? What's the end of the "So Far" look like? 

I'm getting ready to set mine up for dedicated coding work so I'm looking at the options. 




 Dick move in the No Wake Zone. Sweet landing in space though. 




 I'm PST and won't be on until about 9 or 10, but if you want to play, add GOATRper. 




 I wish I could get a few hundred thousand credits worth of illegal goods so that I could stupidly attack someone that I didn't know and lose it.

I wish I could find someone to stupidly attack and get blown up.

I wish I could find someone. 




 I keep seeing all these pictures of Dolores Park looking beautiful and pristine after it's big clean-up. The titles and comments are all very forlorn sounding. Forgive my ignorance, I live in the North Bay, but is it not possible to keep up the appearance?  




 In the bay area? Buy you a cup of coffee if you are just want to talk. 




 Any ideas where to get a mining laser? I got a refinery and was all ready to go get some ore, and I can't find a mining laser any where. 




 This mentality drives me mad, because you know if they announced a season pass for DLC this guy would be up in arms about having to pay for extra content.   




 I went there last year for Thanksgiving, weird. 




 I had ice cream right up the street from Akaka Falls, does that count? 




 As an underwater certified welder in Kansas I made in 2006 I made $93,000 a year. So yeah. 




 I had three deer's worth of meat at the power plant and my base camp set up at the camp cabin and finally had a clear day when I decided to leave everything but a couple of flares and make the hike to the plant and back to bring the deer back to the cabin. I took the river in hopes of avoiding all the wolves along the tracks, ran the entire way to the plant, drank the half a liter of water I brought and munched the power bar, grabbed the 28 kilos of meat, turned and took off back to the cabin directly into a blizzard. Halfway back, freezing cold and, out of water, food, and breath I bumped into the bear. Awesome. Needless to say, he ate good that night. 




