 It came out here a good few months ago and it's terrific, I'd love to see a British stop motion animated film do well in America.  




 I know I was just playing along with nomefish. 




 But The Muppets Show is in the same universe as the latest two films. 




 And only a week after they said we wouldn't see it. For anyone who doesn't know the actual show is about the Muppets working on a talk show hosted my Miss Piggy. 









 Probably my favourite Hollywood Handbook episode and one of my firsts. The Bababooey bit is so funny to me. 




 I'd say the fish in Finding Nemo were more similar to real fish than that main dinosaur. 




 Definitely. I actually watched the G.I Joe episode of Community recently and I could only hear Diane and not Annie. 




 That was actually Daniel Radcliffe?? I thought it was Paul F. Tompkins again, since it sounded like  his Andrew Garfield. 









 Honestly this status could very much just mean Tig is officially leaving, the show might still continue without her. 




 Haha I meant non-main character. 

Yeah, last night I was actually watching the G.I Joe episode of community and I heard Diane whenever Alison spoke instead of Annie.  




 I was hoping we'd get a full episode about the Back To The Future 9/11 conspiracy video.

Also does anyway have a link to the original Harmontown Hollow Earth episode? 




 In the credits it says "This film was shot on location in New York City, which is almost like another character." 




 You really remind me of someone but I can't put my finger on it.  




 I know it's been a while but music rights work completely differently for UK television, anything that isn't scripted sort of has the same rules as radio. They own the rights to play it, not to sell it. As long as you don't sell DVD's with the music you can put any music the channel owns, and all of the big channels have deals with the music studios. 




 I can't believe people seem blind to this fact. For some people under the age of 30 Star Wars is some old films they haven't seen or those 3 films that came out that everyone hated. I have quite a few friends who only went to see the prequels when they came out during the hype and are turned off Star Wars completely.  




 Yeah, I really need Simon for the christmas livestream.  




 I'd like an actual Christmas Special though, with actual character development. 




 I never realised she did Vincent! You can hear her all over though yeah, most notably the older girl of Horsin' Around. 




 Might as well. 




 me too. :/ 




 Pm please? 




 There is one! 




 If you haven't watched Bojack Horseman, he's in the new season.  




 Especially because it looks like they did a HD conversion of the movie. 




 Did he link to my facebook page? I guess he just reversed image search? 









 What? But this is way too spooky for him. 




 I'm probably going to have this for about a year. I had my last one for a year. 




 Not really, basically just take a screenshot of your facebook page and put it in the layer above the picture. Then I exported the image that fit in the profile box and then I exported the image that fit in the cover box. The templates are just sort of the ones on  Facebook. 




 Oh shit. Well fuck mobile. 




 Yes! 




 It's not actually literally set a few neighbourhoods over from Phineas and Ferb. If you read the source for that it says "And what's really cool is that -- in my mind, anyway -- Mikey Murphy just lives a couple of neighborhoods over from Phineas and Ferb." It's not like a true spin off or anything. 









 My laptop doesn't play it better. Simple as that. 




 All of the people I used to play with have migrated to different games or the One. So if you still play this please add GT: 
"CianHatesPeople." 




 Yeah, I can't really imagine Kermit sticking his hands up in the air and screaming awwwaaahahhaha in this new style and tone. 




 You can have both. 




 Enjoy the karma s4082211.

Also feeling a little down since this is the first UTU2TM since Harris left us. 




 Wow I'm surprised they didn't show Elizabeth Banks in the trailer. Maybe they're doing the same joke in the actual premier. 









 Or 18.
Source: Born in 97 and am 18. 




 I'm hoping for it to come out this week. Only two more days then!! 




 I'm pretty sure you're thinking about this way more than Paul but the other british characters from him are.. the pie minister, I think. 




 /r/showerorange could be one. 




 I think the problem with this is that to offer a sale on an item it has to have been that price in the past month. 




 Good one.

EDIT: I thought Spontenation had begun at the end there since I had it queued up. I was confused as to why Paul was reading an ad for his show on his show. 




 Billy and Mandy and Codename Kids Next Door were on the same level of this. 




 When I seen the thumbnail I assumed puppeteers would be under the table but they're fully visible! I love this so much. If you're willing to have writers on comic con panels the puppeteers should be there too. 

This is a very rare occurrence and I'm surprised it happened. It's probably the only thing I disagree with Jim Henson on, he was on the side of always keeping the puppeteers a secret.

EDIT: Also wow that whole Promo we seen is completely thrown out the window. I will say the plot to this show sounds more Muppets Tonight that The Muppets Show. 




 This is a TV movie. They've done a bunch of these. 




 It feels like a biopic about the inventor of time travel at times. 




 You should get her to do this if she hasn't seen Star Wars. 




