 I know this came out 24 years ago but I think it still applies, 1991's Career Opportunities. A nice little comedy i just saw on tv the other day starring Jennifer Connelly and Frank whaley, and written by John Hughes. Reception seems mixed to the film, but being someone who grew up watching John Hughes on vhs and dvd I'm surprised I never heard of this one because to me it's a good film. Not as good as something like Ferris Bueller but I'd still recommend a watch. 




 The only way I can agree with that headline is if "hungry for more" is followed by "new games".  I just don't see how an improved framerate and resolution warrants excitement for a game that came out almost six years ago.  




 More like a rant than a review, and that's surprising since moviebob loves to complain about the videos of people like Razorfist yet he's doing the samething here abet with forced amounts of swear words. 









 I think he's talking about the courtyard Smith fight scene In Reloaded, not the ending to Revolution. 




 Terrible reviews? It seems to have gotten critical acclaim... if that means anything. 




 I feel you, man. I just watched the new Terminator the other week with my dad.  




 How did that movie have such a big budget? I'll let the guys at [RedLetterMedia offer a reasonable theory.](https://youtu.be/fTOL-Ph5SQM?t=101) 




 You have a good point, Columbus knows what's he's doing. I think it's just my bias against Sandler speaking. But who knows, maybe the film  will meet the production value of its budget. We'll just have to wait and see.  




 I doubt a majority of that 110 million is actually going towards the movie. I say that because Jack and Jill had a **$80M** budget, and that film looks nowhere close to that figure. 
 




 They exist in the same franchise don't they? If not sequel then a successor I guess.  




 What's your favorite movie? 




 A part of me thinks they're talking about Sega just having the licensing rights to Alien video games, but I don't know legal jargon so I'm not sure. 




 For me it's the Greasers theme. If I ever make a movie I'm gonna have a barroom brawl scene with that music. I love it 




 That's because Ubisoft delivered an inferior game than what they promoted. Bugs, downgrades, a story that's so meaningless that one of the "story" missions serves no purpose other than to introduce the multiplayer features of the game. 




 I know they've said this times before, but it's been almost ten years since Bully came out. I want another one. I know everyone wants another Red Dead. But Bully came first, and I think they should work on that. Ten years, man. I first played it in elementary school, and now I'm in college. I mean I know it's been five since Red Dead came out, but the gap between Revolver and Redemption was only like six years. I think the world can wait a little longer for some western action. 




 Are there really no challenge maps? And you can't play as the side/dlc characters outside their short missions? If so then wow. 




 Well there was a Batman vs Spawn comic, that's the closest he's got to fighting the Devil/or a demon 




 Hi everybody, I'm looking for some people to play games with. My choices aren't limited to the games listed above, I just put down those four because they're the ones I'm most interested in. Here's a [link to my profile](https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016939364). I hope to hear from you guys. 




 Why is this being downvoted? 




 Prince of Darkness isn't on par with in The Mouth of Madness, but still give it a watch. You should also check out Christine, John Carpenter did an awesome job with that. 




 I know it's the first time, it's just that this time it felt awkward. Well atleast for me it felt awkward. 




 We didn't need to see that scene because the story was about Furiosa and the wive's escape.

Ah okay, I see what you mean. 




 Alright, I seen the movie twice now and I'm still digging it. The only thing that stood out to me was after Max kills the blind warlord. After Max kills him and the rest of the party continue through the area it cuts to black. I'm bringing this up because it felt unnatural, like they cut out a scene. Did anyone else notice this? To be more precise it's exactly after you see those guys dressed like crows walking around on pogo sticks. 




 For Lynch I would say Blue Velvet? 




 Rear Window? 




 Hm... I'm conflicted, but I say T2? My second choice would be Aliens 




 Alright, Ima' say 300?  




 Big Trouble In little China? 




 Batman? 




 Barry Lyndon? 




 Watchmen  




 Stanley Kubrick, 18 




 As a big fan of the Breakfast Club I could actually see this working. Nice choices 




 * Akira 
* Who Framed Roger Rabbit
* Big Trouble in Little China
* Raiders of the Lost Ark
* Aliens 




 no problem, man. lol 




 ... I didn't ask you a second time, some other guy did. 




 
Shakira

A Colombian singer gains psychic powers, destroys part of a city, and turns into a giant baby-fetus before causing her own Big Bang. 




 2008's Alone in the Dark. The gameplay is kinda clunky, the voice acting and characters are not that great, and the story is cliche. But I love it because the game itself is fun to play. The inventory system is unique because you can combine all sorts of different items your guy is carrying with you and the game's set pieces are exciting. It's like a B movie if it was given the budget of a major blockbuster. 




 What do you feel was over explained in Memento? I'm just curious that's all. 




