 I only noticed when I was looking at that photo xD 














 I am confused, are you talking about the ass on the wall? 




 Hattori is either A or S, and she is a girl. Thatch is S. Queen Nai is B. In my opinion. 




 Yep, keep on putting more and more hastags. 




 Well... fuck that 




 OH SHIT! I figured out how to make red text! :O 




 Game is "Northernlion Returns Home" 









 ###MattRapesSaxophones


(dan told all of us in the stream to shit-post on the subreddit. Dan also teased a new sonic 06 vid and a Dad3 Sonic 06 vid HYPE!!) 




 He said he was married to another man. (This post was a joke, in stream he told us to shitpost)
 









 Stop sending me this, it is annoying. 




 How can you spoil battle bots? Unless you say who wins a match there is no way you can "spoil" it. It isn't a drama, it is a... I don't even know what to call it, sporting event? Like in sports, saying Mr. Football broke his leg! isn't a spoiler. 




 This is the incorrect use of this meme... [but...](http://imgur.com/gallery/DRDrtmL) 




 and his face 




 I had the Fantastic 4 AND the Spiderman one. :) 




 Probably that one time OP's mom hired me to take some photos of her and her son... 




 Damn, need to go to the Dark Room more often xD 




 whoops, sorry 




 Oh, sorry, just saw it now :( 




 Hey, I like Dan just as much as Jon, I just thought it was funny. 









 What mod is that? 




 This is not enough! I need an-udder cow joke! 




 Post this on /r/bindingofisaac ? This is a NL sub, not a general isaac sub. 




 Not really a way for me to get money though. 




 My lack of moneys makes that hard. Being young kinda sucks. 




 9 comments and 0 upvotes, thanks alot guys. :p 




 Hey, it's better than what I got. xD 




 It is, but at least I have more games... and reddit. 




 But you pronounce it as EX-BOX. Kinda like you say an possum. An o-possum, is that right? I may be confused. xD  




 a XBOX, an XBOX? I think it is an XBOX, oh well. 









 Meh, with the Razer gear, you are getting a sweet fucking deal. PC is not to good though. 




 Dragonball is a nine, yet Dragonball Z is a 7?! WHAT IS THAT LIST?! 




 I want some preferably short anime series, as I am not currently watching anything. I like Dragonball, SAO and Attack on Titan. Any suggestions? 




 Yeah, I guess you are right, but Lion has something to do with Rose. Maybe she created him, but he wasn't made from her? idk
 




 It annoys me how they aren't confused by Lion and all his connections to Rose.  




 Well, it is the most logical way to explain lion. 




 So, we know it took at least PART of Rose to make Steven, and Lion has so many links with Rose... isn't it safe to say that the parts of Rose that weren't needed to make Steven, made Lion. I mean... HE'S FUCKING PINK! He had Rose's sword in him, and her battle flag. Rose told Pearl all her secrets, so if Lion was around before Rose died, Pearl would have known. There are also some BIG holes in this theory, like, wasn't someone there when Steven was born? Wouldn't they see Lion being born, and why would Lion be in the desert and not with the gems like Steven was his whole life? If I think of some more I will post in comments. 




 :O 




 Dwarfs!?, Fez *(shivers)*, Proteus, Scribblenauts, Universe Sandbox, and Thomas was Alone, also, you can never go wrong with Bad Rats. 




 I was playing as Teros and won maybe 4 times in a row and didn't get one of those gold things on the banner? Am I doing something wrong/
 




 Well, you paid what it was worth, pay any more and it's a ripoff. 




 http://lmgtfy.com/?q=shark+week 




 What everyone else said. Also, they actually have some high quality shit. Still over priced, but great. Specifically it's stain remover. 




 Exactly what you said is the big deal, reddit but diffrent. Also, they allow free speech, so there's that. 




 Tell me what it is like being a closet in the body of a man. 




 Sleep tight, pizza 




 Even if you do know what he is from, he is still pretty racist. lol 




 Oh snap! That is one nice hamster! :O 



















 Well, first they ban FPH then they ban everything until only a few innocent subs remain. 




 More freedom and less censorship. Also, less Ellen Pao. 









 Over all it is a better experience than reddit is providing now. Everyone on the internet is an asshole, at least these are honest. 




 Yeah, so many people bitching about free speech, like WE GET IT! THAT IS WHY WE ALMOST LEFT REDDIT! 









 The second. Pretty sure, someone correct me if I am wrong. 




 You put other names before referring to yourself. 









 What video is this from? 




 /r/Fallout is a mansion of shitposts. A text post that says "I got falout 4 pitboy aditioin" Will get you to the front page. 




 Quietest day in history. 




 When someone expects to see something other than a cute animal on /r/aww  




 My wife and I. 




 It will runb shit and look shit, but it might be fun, no one has played the game, so we don't know. 




 Basically, children have more time off of school in the summer, so we get more shitty reddit posts from kids. /r/summerreddit will show you what the typical "summer reddit" is.  




 If you like monster hunter, it is great. If you get it cheap it is amazing. Defenantly a game for hard fans though. 




 Damn, wish I could edit the title. Forgot about that. 









 r/softwaregore 




 r/interestingasfuck 




 Reddit's popular 'website' feature is down after a key employee (Victoria) is gone. 




 I was watching a lets play then stopped because I wanted to play it for myself, never got it. Would love to play it. steamcommunity.com/id/train_subject1909 




 Crashed for me too. YOU RUINED MY TERRARIA 1.3 HYPE! 




