

















































 Removed, violation of rule #1 of the sub. Repeated violations will result in a ban from /r/conspiracy.  

























































































 So now they want a 50% increase in their aid from the US, up from $3 billion a year to $4.5 billion a year AND they want the US to say that the Golan Heights no longer belongs to Syria, but is in fact Israel's. 

Now that my friends is what they call *chutzpah* !  











































































































































 How did Kit Harington not get nominated, I mean come on. 

If ever there was a year when Kit should've gotten an Emmy nod, it would've been this one.  































































































































































































































































































































 That is straight out of season 2 of House of Cards.  












































 Thank you for adding this, that's a great infographic.  
























 I know, it's pretty fucking unbelievable.  
















































































































































 We have to go dark for a while. 

I don't know how long, maybe on Monday or Tuesday we can go back up to see where the chips landed.

I almost never went to /r/Iama, but what happened to /u/chooter is messed up. 

If I don't come out in support of this, I mean, why did I even bother cultivating this awesome Reddit rebel persona that I have over the years /s.  




 This is an excellent self post. 

It sums up the current state of affairs pretty well.  









 And all it took was 19 years as a professional basketball player.  

















































 *If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear.*

 - George Orwell, *1984*  




 They don't owe the IMF $242 billion like your title suggests. 

Greece accepted a loan of 30 billion Euros in 2010 and have been paying it back slowly ever since.

While they did use that 30 billion loan to bail out their banks, Greece still doesn't owe the IMF 242 billion Euros. 

242 billion euros is what Greece owes to all of its creditors, Germany, Spain, the IMF, etc. etc. ... 

I still think its fucked up that they had to take out an IMF loan at a usurious interest rate just to bail out the very banks that were engaging in criminal activity. 

However, this title is still misleading. The original title doesn't even mention the IMF, but it does mention the 242 billion Euro figure, incorrectly suggesting that Greece owes 242 billion to the IMF, which simply isn't true. 

If I left your post up unchecked, without the Misleading Title flair, it would've made the whole sub look bad.  














 I've been waiting for someone to bring up Pennsylvania. Unfortunately it seems like we're going to have to get medicinal cannabis legalized first as a stepping stone to legalization. 

At least now we have a governor in Tom Wolf who has said repeatedly that he would sign a medical cannabis bill if one made it to his desk. Our old governor Tom Corbett has said in the past on numerous occasions that he would veto any sort of cannabis bill presented in front of him, be it recreational or medicinal, that guy was a real dick.  



















 How do they get their whites so white ? It's amazing.  














