 Germany only exist after 1870. American already finished their civil at than point. 




 he make 10 cent per record, that is a scandal, he should be making 50 cent per record 



















 Andy Murray is British when he win, Scot when he loss 









 he should retire now, there is no way his career will have a greater moment after the make it rain photo with Blatter.  









 but does anyone need 5 Rolex? 




 PETA would like a word with you 












































 Switzerland have a troubled relationship with financial transparency 









 i cannot decide if this is more fuck up that those poor african footballer conned out of family saving by agents that promise them contract at european clubs, and ended up stranded in europe with no working visa and contracts. 









 TIL Will Smith made enough money to owe $ 2.8 mil in tax before Fresh Prince. 



















 enjoying free gulag vacation 






















































 Saudi are very effective in combating the last wave of terrorism lead by Al Qaeda, they decimated Qaeda in SA by killing half of them and paying off the other half. the carrots and sticks tactic works very well.   












































 UAE per capita income is higher than USA, it is a developed country.  





























 seaweed can be farmed in large scale operation.  









 seen like every time Liverpool sell a player for huge fee, they just turn around and blow it  on overpaying for the replacement 














 who the hell would get naked with a bunch of other guy to protest gay agenda? that is pretty gay 





























 but having the brain of a psychopath and pedophile is not a crime, it dont even mean that person will do anything to harm people. 




 no the most epic one 

http://newsfeed.time.com/2013/04/17/saudi-arabia-deported-men-for-being-too-handsome/ 









 Plot armor  not part of the department standard issue 




 will white power bill be there? 





























 if this happen, big ganja will replace big tobacco 




 all contemplating life after they got fired 




 Ray will be a bro and do him a solid before the wife finds out 




 so they have settle on episode 4 being the shit got real episode for this series? 









 maybe this is how she is getting back at him? 




 Jack Nicholson need to have a talk with her.

 




 Yahoo dont have the video on their site 




 the video are available to everyone with a working internet connection.  and which tv channel have shown the video?  
























 one dont simply go to advanced oral sex before finishing beginner and intermediate   







































 where is his birth certificate? i demand proof he is a natural born American cat 



















 it is a major advantage over many major economy, especially east asian countries like China, Japan and Korea are aging fast and their xenophobic view toward accepting immigrant is going to make very hard for them to compete  in the future with America that are contantly being rejuvinated with arrival of young immigrant.  




 i think it also have to do with the players that Beckham played with in his prime especially in Real Madrid are such high caliber, it make him look less spectacular on the field.  




 i dont know why the media keep asking the parents of the gunman in these kind of mass killing attack about what they think of their son, of course they would no believe it is true.  







































 Gandalf is already doing an old Sherlock movie this year 














 this is a recuring theme among faith healer that claim they have magic cock 














 i am thinking of a movie scenario that open with two bank exec family kidnapped and they are forced to rob each other's bank .... 




 or that Bond could be bad for his career  









 they may need to do so soon, all those people that was arrested last month are surely going to snitch to save their ass from extradition and jail in US. 




 he was caught dead to right, else he would have never give up all his buddy in crime that have given his this luxury lifestyle 



















 Chinese gov have unlimited power to prop up the market without political opposition  




 other than Connery actors that have played James Bond dont have very good career after doing Bond.  



















 it was a stock bubble inflated since last year 







































 half of all the companies at the stock market have currently suspended trading.  




 superman only need a pair of glasses to become Clark Kent 









 how do you steal dick? 




 a true class act 





























 that is for ISIS to decide 




 Stalin is not yet a big player by the time Lenin retire, Lenin did not like him but they are not rivals  


































 the goalkeeper need to do a AMA here 




 we need macronesia to take over from micronesia 
























 another week in Chiraq 




 another countries have already build the fence, Saudi have built a triple layer anti ISIS fence at its border.  









 three time 









 they are not Donald Trump? 









 this is the victory of Norway's justice system, Breivik is reduced to a whinning little bitch, not a hero of his cause that he have imagined.  




 He is held in supermax in 23 hour lockdown and no contact with any other prisoner.

He is in hell 














 internet is such a knowledge expanding tool, 200 years ago, most people in the world dont even have access to a decent library with out of date knowledge, now billions of people have the same ability to check something up on the internet. 




 so you mean greece should leave euro so they can keep borrowing more money to run a deficit budget?  














 i guess, people will just have to buy it with bullets  




 they call out the texas state guard, national guard are under obama command, so they will be in on the takeover 




 why is it too fast? improved transportation have been going on for the last 200 years for most of the world. just 200 years ago people usually only marry people close to their village, the urbanization and improvement of transportation have allow people to meet and marry people from hundred and thousand miles away on regular basis.  




 wait a minute, does he mean he actually consider the reaction to those bat shit insane quote before those words come out of his mouth? 

 



















 i was also thinking this is weird australian will get warning for killing rabbit when he is just showing the kids how to protect the environment. 














 that is not true, the most popular american product i believe is hollywood movies, iphone and android, facebook and twitter 






















































