 and if you're a male......you don't really want to deal with women that feel this way because they are flaky and irrational. We're not talking about an isolated area here.....going to the coffee shop with a stranger is something you probably do every day already. Had a much better time on dates with girls who were willing to show up with minimal BS. Been dating one for nearly 3 years. 




 Who said fuck about a relationship? A date. Any reasonably attractive woman will have orders of magnitude more messages online than an equally attractive male, even in Boston. Also...why does college/post-grad matter? Maybe someone is being too choosy. There are supposedly 1.09 single women per 1 single man in Boston....hardly an overwhelming ratio. Go into virtually any bar this weekend and you'll see guys taking on much worse odds.  




 I'm going to be very blunt. If you are female and have failed at online dating you're probably not that attractive. Sorry, truth hurts, work on improving attractiveness.

If you're male and have failed at online dating, you may be unattractive OR you're doing it wrong. Don't chat with women. Exchange one message and then start pushing to meet in person. If they "want to chat to get to know you" DO NOT waste your time. There is an inverse relationship between the number of pre-date messages and your chance of sex. Also, try to go after women that aren't originally from the Boston area. Much more likely to be friendly and not crazy. 









 Right up Abe Simpson's alley
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_QwHxZ-bJ4 t=0m6s 




 Turn in your brother who killed 17 people including young women? I would.  




 "Be careful about the hospital you go to- Memorial is a teaching hospital. You may not know if you have a doctor or a student, and there have been horror stories. Try St. Vincents. Its close to everything and they actually know what they're doing."

they're BOTH teaching hospitals.....ya know, like MGH, BWH, Hopkins, Mayo, the Cleveland Clinic.... 




 I played Chutes and Ladders with some 7th Day Adventists once. Never Again. 




 Personally, I can't wait to leave 









 one of Moe Syzlack's best lines 




 This movie will offend people 




 OMG YES  




 yea, Marine Corps 




 It depends who you are. You have to keep you head shaved (or high and tight if your seniors are nice) until you deploy. After that you can get a medium reg and maybe a low reg depending on your command. SNCOs, corpsmen, and officers get a lot more latitude. 




 http://www.cnn.com/2015/07/16/us/tennessee-naval-reserve-shooting/index.html 









 i think you missed my sarcasm 




 Shooter's graduation per mom's facebook :https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=186192644855039 set=pb.100003929156418.-2207520000.1437081426. type=3 theater

mugshot of shooter: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CKEJNoCWEAEjXR_.jpg 




 http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/wp-content/uploads/isis-chattanooga.jpg 




 agree, also really, ridiculously, good-looking 




 Shooter ID'd as Muhammad Youssef Abdulazeez.....let's not jump to any conclusions 




 ISIS linked twitter account: https://twitter.com/K_H_O77777777/status/621734561228177408 




 "pork chop platoon" 




 he was raped by a gun :( 




 remove toilet paper after the shitting begins 




 I kept firearms in my dorm room in college. There was no state law against it. Never had a problem. 




 WRONG 




 Do you feel poor in St. Paul? You will feel poor in Boston on 39k a year, especially for two people. How happy are you with St. Paul/Minni? Lots of people in Boston have an over inflated sense of their city's awesomeness. Boston is a great city, one of the best in the country, but it isn't the fantastic fairy fantasyland of fun some would have you believe. 




 they were both wrong 




 fair enough, my point was that what is and what should be are often not the same in mass....especially with regard to firearms - got arrested in highschool for having a watergun 




 go walk through DTX with a gun in your belt and see if you get detained 




 "how many do you think you personally killed?"

"Well, I dunno, hard to say, at least 40 or 50"

damn....the reporters and grunts keepin it real 




 he'd lose....they've been stoping people when they see a gun in the waistband since the beginning of time and I don't see those charges getting dismissed 




 They could technically charge him with possession of a large capacity feeding device as well....that's another 5 years 




 The rounds are made from real bullet brass cases, in mass this is legally ammunition and he IS guilty. He is facing 2 years in prison for the ammunition charge alone. "Common sense" gun control. 




 I like this guy 




 no 




 UPDATE: Victim has died, hopefully this young lady spends the rest of her life in the cage where she belongs. 




 ITT: Racist comments aren't racist so long as I like the person saying them more than the intended target 




 why do we care if they fired some random person? I know I don't 




 "prosecute them to the fullest extent" .....for what....putting up posters? 




 I went to a similar college and almost everyone didn't like it. Do girls really want guys in there while they take a loud, stinky shit? Do guys want to wait forever while girls piss instead of a 10 second trip to the urinal. Classic PC bullshit that makes the vast majority suffer to accommodate a few whiners.  




 that place fucking sucks but seems to have a cult following, as stated elsewhere, Blue Nile is 100x better 




 this is the right answer 




 Politically correct bullshit...read DSM-V it is pretty fucking clear that being trans means you are suffering from an abnormal mental condition and they replaced "disorder" with "dysphoria" to avoid hurting feelings "Part of removing stigma is about choosing the right words" in fact "concerned that removing the condition as a psychiatric
diagnosisas some had suggestedwould jeopardize access to care" if there is no disorder....why is care needed? 




 Id rather the mentally ill get over themselves....no one is preventing them from using the bathroom...this isn't an access issue as in your other examples, this is "I want to use the bathroom I'm comfortable in, fuck everyone else"  




 classic case of "lets make 1000 people less comfortable to make 1 person (with a mental disorder) more comfortable 




 Potluck.....this is something my friends an I still do....for some reason it seems alien to many young people 




 yea I'm off to the jewish cemetery with some spray-paint to really show hitler who's boss 




 clearly their civil disobedience plan didn't actually extend to real disobedience because they stopped as soon a cop told them to....so they decided to improvise and make dumb situation dumber... 




 A False Flag you say?? 




 Actually it was just liberals looking to cause trouble or "raise awareness" or something http://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2015/06/29/confederate-flag-monument-was-meant-honor-black-regiment/z3l7FKHHy9pmlUxhcK0dqK/story.html 




 wrong. OP was assigned to a failed US Cavalry outpost but fell in love with a Native American woman and ended up joining the tribe. The poncho given to him on their wedding night is all he has left to remember her after the tribe was forced to flee by his relief party. 




 I'm sorry this place isn't enough of an echo chamber 




 [Alex Minsky](http://i.huffpost.com/gen/1199704/thumbs/o-ALEX-MINSKY-900.jpg?15) is a Marine who lost a leg in Afghanistan and does lots of modeling....don't know your price point or his 




  "fuck off and mind your own business, bro."

from someone playing quidditch 




 no, you will be fine 




 They'll always be Jimmies to me 




 to divide people 




 I'll say it again: Looks like Dylann Roof's actions are having the desired effect 




 Looks like Dylann Roof's actions are having the desired effect 




 he won't do a day in gen pop 




 good 




 *camel 




 do we though? 




 Definitely, it only has 6K US troops listed 




 "just say no" gets a lot of flack but... 




 Perhaps it is parked on some side-street with a window knocked out...cop sees it, goes "hmm, suspicious" and runs the plate. Plate comes back not stolen so he moves on. 




 While car thefts are rare in the city they DO happen. What kind of car? Did you leave a spare key inside? 




 maybe you'd be happier in North Korea 




 nah, still know how to lock my shit have sex...get on that 




 I remember college 




 wait, you had access to a gun and you didn't shoot your peers? 




 If this is your worst experience with a police officer you need to get more life experience 




 uh, more than that 




 thats more like how ww2 got started 




 won't somebody please think of the children!!?? 




 well we do pay them more, give them plenty of meaningless lip service, provide them with a much safer working environment, allow them to work at will, give them more time off, and we don't make snarky remarks about them when they die....but less monuments 




 I remember college 




 *nations that are expecting to have to win a war at some point in the future 




 did you know retroactive prayer improved outcomes in patients with blood infections?
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC61047/ 




 well....he is 




 who are you going to send to fight for some rocks? 




 its also just waiting for a white male to take her class, get a poor grade, and call discrimination 




 I didn't touch any of those resources until my Step 1 study time and I did fine. That said...I sort of wish I had. They cleared up a lot of stuff that I had been confused about for a while....especially pathoma. 




 I did a NBME followed by 3 blocks on Uworld a few days before the real thing. Good way to get an idea what it feels like. Test day you will be less burnt out but more frenzied. 




 Let's hope the crew and passengers are OK 




 I like this, very simple, specific, and true 




 man, I'm sure the managers at McDicks Parkstreet and Central Sq locations don't get paid enough 




 Been following that case for a long time. Whole thing sounds dirty as fuck. Hopefully they don't try to try him again. 




 I'm gonna go with training too. Otherwise why not burn the jeep? 




 the real one and I bet I've been in more gunfights than you 




 strangely enough the homicide rate has fallen significantly since concealed carry permits have become widely available.

Have you been to the USA? I work in a hospital and I've never seen a gunshot wound. I've never known someone who was a victim of a violent crime. The "gun violence" problem in America is *cough* unique to certain groups. http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/figures/m6227a1f3.gif 




 no, jumping and beating random strangers is psychotic, defending yourself by any means necessary is nature 




 maybe, but 20 people randomly jumping on you could already mean you're gonna die. I'd rather kill a couple and hope the rest come to their senses. 




 You can get one in plenty of towns (specifically towns that are mostly white) 




 not that dangerous, lots of rights 




 one of my favorite parts about being american is not having to give a fuck what anyone else thinks 




 I agree that it doesn't really make sense. Id guess it mostly has to do with the concern that some soccer mom is gonna flip a shit 




 personal defense/constitutional rights 




 Shall issue- they have to give you a permit if you meet requirements
May issue- they can give you a permit if you meet requirements (comes down to some officials personal opinion about you)
No issue- no one gets a permit (except cops)
No permit- just carry your gun, no need for a permit 




 if you look at it from satellite it says "SEX" 




 and this is why you wear your helmet in tactical vehicals 




 yea, they tried that. It's called Haiti. 









