




 Why does everyone downvote me the second I post something? 














 Alwaaays things relating to mental health huh.. 









 Orientation is kicking off day after tomorrow and I, as an awkwardly shy guy who struggles to hold conversations with everyone both friends and strangers am fearing that I will not be able to make friends... Help? 




 Why not? When I first learnt the piano I didn't find super fast double thirds or clean scale runs that impressive and now that i'm older, I do! :) 




 I call BS on OP. Who the hell names their worker just Employee? Ever heard of names to avoid confusion? 




 Knowledge of something only adds to the beauty! I paraphrase Feynman on physics of course! Take a look at this video to see what I mean! (I highly recommend it) 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRmbwczTC6E 




 Yes of course! But I don't see how that relates to the picture of a piano! 




 Well to be fair, his 1812 overture did require live cannon fire!  




 I just read from /r/classicalmusic that these pianos would usually be trapped with bombs that were sometimes trigged by hitting a certain key. Terrifying to think about it. Sad to see how even traces of beauty and humanity can be manipulated for grim purposes. 




 Reposted this and made note of it on /r/pics so that more people hopefully will see this!  









 Makes me wonder if there were any pianists who were soldiers at the time who were lured to the piano and were killed or had their hands incapacitated as a result of the trap :/  




 Edit: Here are some breathtaking pieces I have discovered recently!

[Anton Rubinstein - Piano Concerto No. 4 \(1864\)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l3tS05YROlY)

[Anton Rubinstein - Symphony No. 2 "Ocean" \(1851\)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YBu5QzHPoo)

[Charles Villiers Stanford - Requiem \(1897\)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PfHi6rfHiEU)

[Norbert Burgmller - Piano Concerto in F-sharp minor, Op.1 \(1829\)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jKX8NXOH55I)

[Franciszek Lessel - Piano Concerto in C-major, Op.14 \(1810\)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4N95zeJugM) 




 So it's pretty late where I am and amidst my state of half-sleep while listening to [Moszkowski's Piano Concerto](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V1dDAs0fZic) I just realised something.. 

Music.. is huge...

I've been playing the piano and cello my whole life and i've had my fair share of music classes and performances. However, I just only realised that MUSIC IS SO GODDAMN MASSIVE. 

I'm just sitting here in awe just looking at these random youtube channels that have posted hundreds upon hundreds of masterpieces that I have never heard of in my life with composers I have never even seen or know how to pronounce! There are entire operas, gargantuan symphonies, oratorios and masses by composers, basically entire worlds out there that have eluded me for a lifetime! Composers I discovered recently include Marx to Giere to Beach to Spohr to Scharwenka to Walter to Elmas to Martucci... the list goes on and on and on forever! 

Admittedly I always thought I was the classical geek who knew tons about music but now... I think I know nothing and am completely aware of my ignorance. 

When I was much younger, when I learned that our massive planet was just one of trillions in our universe and how there are more stars than there are grains of sand on Earth, I was overcome with a feeling of both awe and fear of the huge scale of things. Once again, I feel this feeling again but now, for music. 

"Music is enough for a lifetime, but a lifetime is not enough for music.' - Rachmaninoff

I know now what Rachmaninoff meant. 

Sorry for the rant but I just had to let this feeling of euphoria out! Music is amazing. 









 I have been looking at every bit of information on my college's website/handbook/guideline/etc. for the past 5 months, even before I received admission so I think i'm at least providing all the info.

There are other classes in the informatics department which would fulfil the requirement but... it's restricted as well.  




 I'm sorry, I should have specified. I'm not in an American college and thus there are no differentiated COMP courses in the beginning!  




 You see, the problem is that the intro classes listed as a COMP class which I am, according to my major, not allowed to take. This is where my confusion stems from. 




 Here's the initial one:

Dear Prof. X,

I am a prospective student intending on majoring in X for the 2015 intake. However I have but one concern with the course. The breadth restrictions state that I am not allowed to take any COMP or INFO courses outside the core and thus, may I ask why this is the case?

I ask this because our Database Systems course later on requires a COMP courses outside of the core and I do not understand how I can counter this problem if it is a restriction. Could you please advise me on what I could do in this situation?

Regards,

Rumitative_Lychee 




 I just need insight as to whether this app is legit and safe, never used something like this before.. 




 Here is one of them:

Dear Prof. X,

I am currently a prospective, incoming student to the university intending to major in X and have one question to ask if you don't mind answering.

One of the breadth restrictions are any courses labelled as COMP. If I would like to take a COMP breadth in my first semester as I have a deep passion for programming and have read that a COMP course is a requirement for the required INFO course later in the major, will I be able in any way to take the COMP courses as a breadth/diploma?

Thank you very much,
ruminative_lychee

To which he replied with a single "yes" 




 So one of my majors requirements is a 2nd year programming course. On the website, it states that to do this course, I need to take at least one 1st year programming course. However, my major restricts me from taking programming courses so I shot an email to the professor in charge of coordinating the major, asking him why this is the case and then gave details about my problems.

He then replied days later simply saying that he found my email offensive and that it was the case because they actually planned their major. I was taken aback but politely resent a rephrased email which was just ignored. Weeks later I ask a similar question in great detail about my plans and he just replied with a single Yes. 

What's happening? Was I really that rude? 









 I'm pretty much straight but i'm just sexually curious to try it out one day. I've downloaded Grindr a few hours ago and have a page full of messages sent to me but i've never used these kinds of apps before.. help? 









 I remember seeing a very brief except of the concerto with Lang Lang as the pianist a long time ago on Youtube but I forgot where I saw it now. Does anyone know where I can listen to Tan Dun's Piano Concerto (The Fire)? Can't seem to find it anywhere on youtube! 









