 I'm looking for something that resembles this:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYFQRd1sY5E
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Id1kZRmpVw4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jyszvspirDE
Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated.  




 gotta downvote this thread before it goes all viral 




 Love the chick at the end.  




 [Wear sunscreen.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTJ7AzBIJoI) 




 I've anxiety and obviously that isn't a reason to get medical marijuana in my country. I've been wondering how hard is it to get marijuana legally (in my country the process is very very long), and how hard is it to get it illegally. Where I live the price of one gram is around 27$, but I heard its waaaaaay cheaper   accessible in the US so I wanted to confirm. 




 A medical question. 




 Mazzy Star should be somewhere in here. 




 You've probably gone too far. 




 I've iPhone 5, 16GB. I'm 17 and contasntly use my iPhone and to be honest, I don't have any significant space issues. Whenever I'm running low on storage I just deleted one of many apps I don't really use, delete a bunch of countless photos and there you have a few extra gigs. Also, if you've Jailbreak, iCleaner always clears up a few hundred MBs.  




 Do you think the 10th leading cause of death in the US isn't worthy of it? 




 I wasn't talking about the benefits of exercising, which are obviously improving one's condition (at least short-term), but rather on one's struggle to find the energy to make any kind of improvement in his life.  




 I wasn't talking about the act of exercising, but rather on the lack of energy to make a change, which is caused by depression. 




 I agree. I think telling someone suffering from depression to hit the gym, and at least start doing something with his damn life is as telling a man in a wheelchair to start running, or at least to take a walk. 




 I'm glad you're okay. 




  ? 




 Deleted? 




 "So... can I get a discount?" 




 Damn that's awesome! 




 I'm sure it's possible.  









 I fucking love unusual names. Why Camila? 




 I have a terrible phobia of bees. I'm not scared of anything else, definitely not cats/dogs, but you release a honey bee near me and I'm gonna run the fuck away.I guess that there's something associated with childhood, because when I was young I got stung, and my friend who's scared of dogs said he got bitten by one when he was a little kid, too. Following such an experience, the brain naturally assumes that "this type of dog = dangerous", and it can grow to "any dog with the same color = dangerous", and in some cases, "dogs = dangerous". 




 Because if someone would survive that (and most probably he would), everything else is gonna be an anti-climax.  




 Exactly that. Haven't heard of locationholic though, to be honest. I'm gonna check it out.

Edit: doesn't work. I'm looking for an app that won't only change my location, but whenever I open the weather app, it won't even check it. It would update the weather just like it does with 'affixed' cities (the ones you set, as New York). Therefore it would update the weather of an affixed city and display it in the Notification Center, without checking my location and reducing much battery in the process. 




 Rather than constantly checking your location. 




 I've discovered this sub an hour ago. I wrote something for you guys. 

"I knew a kid once who always cried. He wasnt always sad, and I dont think a man his age had much to be sad about. He was authentic, solicitous yet an utter romantic, a man of his heart and a slave of his mind. He always cried, but he wasnt always sad. I dont think a boy as beautiful had much to sob for, though well, he did have ugly teeth. Maybe it was the teeth that forbidden him from smiling whenever he saw the beauty of sunrise, and the romanticism of dusk. Youd recognize his happiness by the enlargement of his eyes and a tiny, only fractious curve emerging on his lips. He was the kind of boys that cried when King Kong fall by a damn P-12. He was a beautiful, little kid, with burdensome dreams of being a man. And maybe thats why he always cried."

I've always felt happy while being sad. I had these moments where I'd lay down at night and listen to music and feel euphoric. I called it 'Happy Depression'. I've been browsing this subreddit and just having this wonderful moment because all of this posts, that's me. That's the person I try to hide because he's too emotional, not a man but a prostitute of these damn feelings. 

There's so much I could say but I don't wanna sound selfish. I just wanna say that I love you guys, I love this community. I'm so happy, but I think I'm also a bit sad.  




 I've just discovered this sub, but I fucking love it.  




 Thanks. 









 I definitely support you. Who are the kids with? 




 Yes, I did. I've fallen into [deep depression](http://www.reddit.com/r/ExNoContact/comments/38wwi5/been_obsessed_with_an_ex_for_over_five_years/) that wrecked me mentally and made me utterly miserable.

Everything you said, from feeling so damn ugly and worthless, to suicidal thoughts, beautiful, little fantasies... that's me. Was me. 

Whenever I read an advice online that stars with this boring, personal experience, and sums up with "well, everything's gonna be fine", I don't consider it as an advice but just a worthless jumble of words. No one knows it's gonna be fine. When I broke up with my ex I certainly didn't. 

The only universal truth about breakups is that they toughen you. You discover some books, albums are like a remedy that makes you temporarily forget. How supportive people are, and what unexpected skills you develop as an attempt to pass time (I personally wrote, and that's my #1 advice, and I'd be most enraptured to read your fucking shit). For me, the sadness never faded away, but it gradually turned into a pleasant feeling. Many people have this at some point and you will, too. Suddenly your favorite song will have a chord that makes you remember your ex without feeling sad, but just pleasant. Soft. Acceptable. It's slightly different for everyone, but for me these were moments of inspiration. 

But I don't know you. Hell, you could be a real fucking pig, and maybe the sadness will never really fade off. Maybe it's gonna take some five years and shit-load of tears to get over this motherfucker, and that's what gonna be if you let yourself drown in this easily-drownable depression. You can't. Do stuff. Read. Write. Play an instrument. Go for ~~a run~~ a walk. Watch people talk about breakups, whatever. I don't fucking care - just do something. 

And everything's gonna be fine.

~~Worst fucking piece of cliche I ever wrote on Reddit. On and sorry for my terrible English.~~ 




 That's fucking awesome. Fifteen pounds is a great damn record.  




 No. I don't have a monkey. AND I ALWAYS WANTED A FUCKING MONKEY. 




 I like this. Even people who posses racist and holocaust-denying opinions (considered as the worst class of opinions to have), contribute to society because I think just ignoring these opinions and pretending you're normal and everyone else is normal is far worse. Obviously as long as expressing these opinions is done in a civilized way.  




 the real me got 15 upvoted

i knew life gets better 




 sometimes i cry 

and its ok

its ok 




 i read 'gun' at first and thought, "damn this sub has taken it too far" 




 OMG FUCKING GENIUS 




 Going through this shit RIGHT NOW.  




