 You can't read, and comprehend a bill in half an hour. This still means that the senator received the bill around 3:10, how the fuck can you comprehend and read a bill in that amount of time? A 1000 page highway bill. Oh wait, you can't.  




 He certainly doesn't pretend he's a libertarian, he's came out and said he's not. Nor is he a social conservative, I pay very close attention to Dr. Paul's campaign and he is far from a social conservative. And believing that the government shouldn't be involved in marriage at all doesn't make one a social conservative.

Cutting government waste is different then "cutting social programs on the backs of the poor" We don't need to be paying social security benefits to millions of people over the age of 112, simply because there aren't many people above that age; we don't need to be paying dead people. That being said, we shouldn't be eager to just waste money on programs that fail or are ineffective. 




 This is what happens when the state decides what to teach kids. 









 You have to realize these senators have NO time to read these bills. 1000 pages long and in the case of one senator, it wasn't done printing 500 pages at 3:30 when voting was at 4. If I were in office, I'd immediately vote no on anything I don't have enough time to read and comprehend. Bad and destructive bills get passed by glossing over important facts. 




 Let's not forget that his proposed bill raises corporate taxes and lowers taxes for middle and low income households.  




 Yeah, but he still has. Increasing defence budgets and military spending directly creates more veterans. Something he supports. 




 This is true. He is the definition of a war hawk 




 Yeah, you could put on another 20lbs of muscle and look great 




 Cut hard 




 Height? Body looks fine but I'd say cut to get more definition, but if you want more mass than bulk 




 I peggle ur mum 









 Lol so I'm supposed to let my shit and money get stolen because I value some fuckers life who doesn't give a shit about mine? I have a right to defend my life and property 




 It's not killing for no good reason if someone poses a threat to you, your family, or property.  




 Crime rates aren't that high because of the wealth disparity. That we really don't have, actually neither of those, crime rate is dropping. 




 Go audition. But then they won't want you getting bigger  




 Damn. What happened? 




 Someone going power mad, insane, or "flipping" out. 




 Arms looking dope though.  




 I bet you swim in female genitalia. 




 Damn that healed amazingly. How did you manage the gainz with that thing? 




 So you're a Calvin model? 




 Sick fuck! 




 Chest and hair definitely improved 




 No joke. Someone in the community needs to make this a machinima.  




 Because that always works lol

Edit: /s 




 Senators are right. But the lack of competition is simply due to over regulation of the industry.  




 A good little lore question to ask would have been about the hellspartan program. Always intrigued me. 




 I found it really cool that they have a plan for her. 




 Okay. This are your tent partners, it's against BSA rules to not have a tent partner  




 He might be an ass. But if water was privatised in some form, I guarantee we wouldn't have water shortages.  




 I love bioshock 




 This makes me more mad than it should. 




 True halo patriot, doing Marty's work 




 I want a second forge world. And that's what it looked like it was. :( 




 Whose your candidate for President? 




 Not going to lie, you look gay. 




 It has like 400 unexpected upmartys. I don't think it needs help anyways.  




 Do it. Bet you won't.  




 Fuckin brutal.  




 TL;DR: Don't vote for Jeb or Hillary. 




 You are the child of my Makers. Inheritor of all they left behind. You are Forerunner! But this ring... is mine! 




 Wait, where can I access the 360 views of the rooms? Or did you do that 




 She's bought out by wall street. 




 It was a short add-on campaign. I loved the gameplay, art, and atmosphere, I was disappointed because I was expecting something more.  




 ODST was amazing for what it was. It was disappointing only because I expected a normal halo game, but paid 60 bucks for an add on 




 Or OP is full of shit 




 This isn't a good thing. How is undermining the Democratic process a good thing?  




 Well, technically, it's the french flag at the moment. 




 Isn't it a dildo fetish? 




 He kept telling us to read the sidebar. Like, who does that? 




 Shitpost 




 That would be cool. Like a "great article of the week" sticky post 




 You a Gull apologist boy!?  




 Freedom. Freedom is winning. The Eagle looks like it doesn't even give a fuck.  









 So people really do that? Send you dick pics out of the blue? Lmao 




 Lose the hair. It really looks bad. Get better hair then come back 




 I really like Let's joker... 




 In short, he's living in a dream world full of free everything and unicorns. 




 He thinks raising the minimum wage significantly is actually going to help people other than corporations, and he demonized deodorant choices to make the argument for starving children. He doesn't realize a lot of things. 




 And they are all racists who hate gays, the poor, and black people. - Salon 




 What about xbox users? 




 This is precisely the reason they don't have ramps and platforms; so people don't "ground pound" 



















 Yeah, that just happened to me. I get a gaggy/vomity feeling on occasion. It's a mental thing; just relax and drink water or milk. 




 Bulk. You and me are very similar, slow bulk and fill in 




 See kids, this is why capitalism fucking wins. 




 How was it a time of crisis for Reddit? What was the issue? I keep seeing this but I'm not sure what it means. 




 He's stated this multiple times even before the supreme Court decision. He needs to appeal to a conservative base while maintaining (relatively) libertarian principles. Which this is a belief libertarians have held for a long time.

When asked he could have said "I support marriage equality, but not in the way liberals support it or conservatives denounce it. I'd get the government out of marriage all together." But he needs to appeal to conservatives if he wants to have a chance, unlike his father. So he said "I want to get government out of marriage all together" 

It's politics. If he said it like that, some news pundit would sensationalize the title to opposite side, losing him vital votes. That article was deliberately worded to make him look bad, just as his answer was deliberately worded to appeal to conservatives.  




 Would you believe she's over 400 years old? Looks great! 




 The best thing for the poor is to keep the government small.  




 Didn't this already happen with Zola? 




 And get the fuck out 




 /u/chooter 




  Dead atmosphere

That's disappointing. I hope it changes 




 That is ridiculous. 




 So how is Bowen House? What should I expect? 




 No I haven't.  




 So female admin? That's cool 




 Damn. I'm on mobile 




 What's your instagram 




 So what does the triangle mean? 




  FRANK:This series is artistically going to share a lot with Sequences previous style, so youll see some continuity for sure, but the scale and fidelity of the animation for this is more ambitious than Sequences already gorgeous, dreamlike tradition  and this is fully animated and mostly 3D. Its just a lot more work, and not just in animating, but in shading and texturing the painterly style. Its hard work.

Thank god 




 He's like this with many issues. Conservative on surface, but it's really libertarian. 




 Maybe some social issues. That's it, there so far apart on everything, like poler opposite. Tl 




 I wouldn't say that. Most states were either legalized or going to.  




 Then bomb them 




 He's so meta I can't even take it 




 But here's the thing, he's polling extremely well within the GOP. Actually leading it. 




 He supports the government not being involved in marriage at all, almost the same as his father.  




 This is ridiculous, Sanders is so far away from anything libertarian its laughable. Sanders is a big government statist. 




 Bulk 




 I'm not sure about eight years, i think it should be significantly longer than that.  




 Not a btb map, but all of New Mombasa streets from ODST. It would be so fun fighting through that city. 




 Why not? I literally said basically the exact same thing and you think I'm wrong. Maybe you should re-read. I never said "it's totally ok to burn innocent people's shit". I said I know why it happens, and it serves the societal purpose of bringing attention to the unheard, as it has always done. People getting mad and starting shit brings change. 

Then why would you quote him? You quoted him to disprove my point about riots not being a good thing from his perspective and it didn't work. And you didn't say what I said, all you said was " interesting"

Rephrasing what I said doesn't change it: People getting mad and flipping tables changed shit for the better.

Protesting changes things for the better. Rioting does not, it causes more problems than it solves. Like millions in damage and people's lives.

One of the above is either not true or you contradict yourself.

You cherry picked what I said, I was referring to rioting. Obviously destruction of property is justified when protecting ones self, other lives, or more valuable property.  I don't get where you thought I value property over lives, like I said before, this is about senseless riot destruction not using a precious vase to disable an attacker.

At any rate, you're already deep into illogical land anyway, as you've decided no amount of damage to people is an acceptable reason to damage *property*. So hopefully you'll be letting all your loved one's know you'd never shoot an intruder who only wanted to rape and kill them, because shooting him would damage your property with blood spatter, and you've established "stuff" is worth more than "people".

Again, that wasn't ever my point. People have a right to protect themselves and their property, rioting doesn't count as such. That intruder I'm shooting could very well be a rioter taking advantage of the lawlessness so rioting and destruction is even further unjustified. 

My point was and has always been, that it is unjustified to destroy someone else's property to further an agenda to bring "change" because in reality you end up hurting your case and innocent lives in the long run. How would you feel if rioters destroyed all of your shit? "Oh no it's okay, it'll bring change and a national discussion on the issue" even though most rioters couldn't give a fuck and just want to steal your things. Either way, it's my property and my decision whether to get blood spatter on it and I'm not intentionally looting and destroying someone else's things, I'm defending my life or someone else's. 

I don't get where you thought I valued stuff over people? I can be against senseless destruction of property that actually hurts people's lives while valuing life itself. You grossly misunderstand and exaggerate the point I'm trying to make. Furthermore, I don't quite get how justifying the destruction of property in riots is valuing people, it's just selfish because it's an idea that your cause is worth more than someones property and in some cases livelihood. Someone being shot by the police doesn't justify a *person's* small business being smashed to shit and the destruction of a community.  




 So you like MLK? He knew better than you too: 
"It is not enough for me to stand before you tonight and condemn riots. It would be morally irresponsible for me to do that without, at the same time, condemning the contingent, intolerable conditions that exist in our society. These conditions are the things that cause individuals to feel that they have no other alternative than to engage in violent rebellions to get attention. And I must say tonight that a riot is the language of the unheard.

Yeah. That *is* interesting coming from someone that advocated no violence whatsoever during his **entire movement**. Don't mistake his understanding of why people do what they do, for acceptance of it. Because that's not what he's doing. Do you even understand what he's saying? He says that it's bad and he feels empathy for those that riot, but he clearly didn't approve of rioting. I mean c'mon, he's legitimately known for nonviolent protesting. 

And exactly what it has taken to enact change, over and over again. Boston Tea Party, Kent State, Stonewall Riots. 

The Boston tea party didn't put forward much change directly if you didn't know. It just pissed off the Brits, and they enacted the Coersion Acts that was meant to punish the colonists. THAT is what pushed real change; reactionary government legislation that led to the creation of the Continental Congress. Like I said, Ben Franklin directly disapproved of the BTP. 

Once again, rioting at Kent State didn't cause any change. The government *shooting* brought national outrage. There was no private property involved unless you count that statue. 

The civil war is the immediate example that springs to mind. According to your quote above, abolishing slavery was to the detriment of life and freedom. Most of my black neighbors would disagree.

What? They weren't a car or a piece of land, it was a controversy since it started because they are sentient people, and slavery wasn't abolished by uncoordinated rioting and property destruction (it was a side affect, but done by the Union Army). It was abolished through a movement, military war, then a proclamation in that order. Are you trying to advocate that it would be okay to kill and maim slaves (if this were 1850) in a riot to try and affect change for the "greater good"? Because what I'm trying to say is that it isn't okay. And the points you make are contradictory.

You can't use the slave - property argument to justify the destruction of property in a riot. But I digress, private property is essential to freedom for obvious reasons. Slavery wasn't right and they were ALWAYS an issue in regard to being property. Semantics. The destruction of private property is never justified.  




 This is exactly what I want. A darker, grittier, more dramatic Who. With true evil and the darker side of the universe. But o know it won't happen because it's still a kids show.  




 Let the market take it's course.
 




 I want stats too. I'm hoping it and forum support come with halo 5's release. In the mean time, Reclaimer Stats is a really good third party app that has everything from 360 to MCC.  




 When you get it going, post your IG and I'll follow you. Look into competing in bikini. 




 No. You misunderstand the point. It doesn't make logical sense to go destroy someones property to further a pumped up political agenda that can be solved, debated, or protested peacefully. Often times it ruins lives, makes the agenda look bad, and costs millions of dollars for *rarely* any change, but rather increased force and backlash. What does destroying that family bakery down the street solve? What about that old man's Buick? You think he can afford a new one on SS checks? Or the SUV that the young couple with a kid just took out a loan for and gave a down payment; hmmm now their new 2015 Honda is burnt to shit because some dick was "protesting" the system. 

The mentality you put forward is selfish at best, delusional at worst. If you need force to push your political ideology, you have a shit ideology. Personal freedom and life relies on the idea of private property and respect for others, something MLK and Ghandi recognized when they protested. If anything, it's a detriment to life and freedom when some self righteous asshole thinks he helping the greater good by destroying someones livelyhood, investment, or property. 

So no. Salon isn't right, and they're full of fucking shit. Of course I get downvoted for presenting ideas opposite of the /r/politics hivemind. 




 That wasn't my point; don't put words in my mouth, nor do I like Jeb. I didn't read the article but this wouldn't surprise me. It doesn't take a genius to recognize that salon is so ridiculously biased liberally. So it's not out of question that this would be too. Do you really think that news outlets with an agenda (like salon) doesn't twist the words of political opponents? They do. It's naive to think they don't.

Edit: Just read through the article. It's so filled with liberal bias it's not even funny. 




 No. I don't, it was a destruction of property non the less. Even Benjamin Franklin thought it was ridiculous and that the East India Company deserved compensation. Destruction of someone's property is never acceptable regardless of how justified you think your political agenda is. It really reflects on how liberally biased this sub is. 




