 Haha. Hey, I figure if you're going to have a room full of 11-year old boys, you have to at least *try*. Surprising no one, the cake, bubblegum and cookies took a bigger hit than the veggie snacks. 




 It doesn't look much like marzipan (though I guess it's possible), but it could easily be modeling chocolate.  









 On the other hand, it could be made of something completely different.  




 While this may not be authentic Belgian cuisine, I think it's highly likely there are people in Belgium who have eaten something you're not aware of.  




 I really enjoyed the conversation about watching EVO and other e-sports gaming in this week's episode. A question for the uninitiated: Where does one watch something like EVO? And can it be viewed after-the-fact? 




 Well, clearly, Arkham City's story was so good that Jeff forgot he liked it. 




 Because humor. 




 a) Many people enjoy fondant

b) Who's to say it isn't modeling chocolate? 




 Sure. And it may not even be fondant. Could be modeling chocolate. 




 In general, you'll probably experience a happier internet if you insert the phrase "In my opinion..." at the beginning of every comment you read online. Speaking in absolutes is truly a conversation-killer, but it's not really intentional, 9.9 times out of 10. 




 We're pretty relaxed, but we do have some rules:

1. Drinks at the table are fine, but they need to be inside the cork inserts built into the table. To date, we've never had a spill (on the table), but wine glasses are the riskiest. Frankly, I'm generally more concerned about my table than I am about the games on top of it.

2. No food with your fingers. Period. We did not originally have this rule, but we play way too many games to adopt a laissez-faire attitude. Some are OOP or expensive, and it would frankly be more difficult to only have the rule *sometimes*. Also, replacing every $30-$40 game that gets grungy will add up over time. There are few things more disgusting than a playing card coated in a dull layer of pizza/chips/cookies/etc., built up over years of unprotected play.

3. I don't lend games if I care whether I ever see them again. 

 




 Wait... is this a thing? I craft greater glyphs all the time. (PS4) 




 The better question is why there is cheese present, in any form. 




 ...because Tim Miller, Ryan Reynolds and Deadpool all have such a wonderful cinematic track record? 




 I really, really hope this series isn't "less than." 




 Because they considered making it funny, then decided that making it hilarious would be better. 




 Is it true that the majority of commenters on r/food are super-healthy and fit? Because it certainly seems to be the case, based on the comments regarding anything with an ounce of fat in it. 




