




 I recant my foolishness and endorse a Baratheon stag surrounded by flames or a flayed stag. 




 How does Dreadfort feel about this much needed change? 




 This guy  




 Burlingame, CA 




 plus too old 




 You know what else won't get old? Olly....after I kill that motherfucker. 









 When you opened your belt your dog was like "God dammit. Jacking it again?!" 




 Thanks! 




 A while back my Aunt got me and my father tickets to a baseball game for father's day. They were for both of us but she gave the tickets to me so they were my responsibility. The day of the game she texted me "How's the game?". The only problem was that...we forgot to go. We had been looking forward to it for a while but the day of we just both completely blanked. (She gave us the tickets a little over a month prior).
I was sitting with my dad when we got that text but it was already too late to make it in time. He told me to tell he we're having a great time and I agreed because we thought it would have been insulting to say that we forgot (We didn't want to look like the gift didn't mean anything to us because it did).
Around 20 minutes and a lot of cussing in frustration from both of us later he says that I should tell her the truth. *I* should tell her the truth. I take full responsibility for forgetting about the game (well, 96%. I was his present too!), but he told me to lie to her! My question: Is my dad the asshole? We ending up telling the truth which was the right thing to do (and she was understanding), but in this situation was my dad in the wrong to tell me to tell her the truth after he told me to lie? 




 It sounds like he could really use a brother right about now. 




 Think about if he wasn't your brother. Would you be putting up with his crap? Probably not. But, as his brother you still have a duty to do what you can to help him. That doesn't mean letting him sleep for free in your home, but take him to AA meetings if the drinking is a serious problem, help him find a home he can afford and at the very least talk to him, he sounds lonely. 




 Try your best not to lead her on. Opening the snapchats is telling her you're still interested (even in you're only interested in her body). I would suggest not opening the snapchats anymore. That being said I don't believe you are an asshole. 




 I agree with most of what you said until the end. I don't believe she is entitled or spoiled, or rather I don't think you have the ability to gather enough information from the text to make that assumption. What I do think is that she is a kid with maybe a little bit of a quick temper.  




 It sounds like this girl was trying to get a reaction out of you and has been for the past few weeks. Are you an asshole for letting her get under your skin? I don't think so. Should you have said that? Probably not. 




 It sounds like you made him really happy 




 *Calming intensifies*  




 Portal 1 ending song will always have a place in my heart. 




 *burrrrrrn*
 




 Burlingame! 




 I'd like to join the Democratic party 









 That's ok, simple misunderstanding.  




 Actually his name is Bret, not Brett 




 .....no....Pork sausage!  














 A lot of up and coming talent in this thread. 




 When the whistle blows for a foul on the floor, players stop playing; Unlike in football, when there is a flag in a play players keep playing. The only thing I could think of would be after a foul players could have like a 3 second time window where the play continues and they have a free shot of some sorts. If they make it, the foul is declined, if they miss it, they rewind the clock and he gets his shots, but that seems too complicated to be doing consistently throughout a game. 




 Are we all forgetting Marie? 




 So when someone dies who other people cared about but you didn't, you try to belittle them and make them feel small because there are other problems in the world. If you think being an arrogant asshole to others by guilting them with your unjustified egotistic attitude makes you a better person, let me tell you it doesn't.  




 Frank's homosexuality will come out and cause a major scandal.  




 Oh my god. That gif just works so perfectly. Great job. 














 Locke vs. Hobbes 




 Wow. This is the first one in here that really made me think about my original belief. 




 /r/aquariums
Nothing makes you feel better than a group of people who share your hobby. 




 I love you 




 It's a nice change of pace to have a subreddit where people are so kind and supportive. You guys are the best. 




 Because no one has said it yet in this thread, Wilfred is the greatest show on the goddamn planet.  




