









 Hey there, I've been working with Dave for several years and am currently helping him promote his work online:

1) You should be able to get virtually any of the phonebooks from your local comic book store. Just ask them to order them from Diamond. The first two phone books have just been remastered. The third one should be done soon. Eventually the whole series will be remastered. I don't think any of the books are currently out of print. Diamond should have some copies of each phonebook.

2) If you want to order them as PDFs, you can go to either http://sellfy.com/cerebus or to http://cerebusdownloads.com. Sellfy is a little cheaper if you share the link on twitter. The second one, "High Society" is free. Cerebusdownloads.com has PDF and CBZ. Sellfy only has PDF but CBZ coming very soon.

3) You can download them as a torrent. Sim has [expressed his understanding](http://www.cerebusdownloads.com/DaveThinking.jpg) that some people just don't have any money. The two main Cerebus torrents out there have the entire issues, so you get the letters and essays.

4) You can read it a page-a-day (approx.) on Tumblr: http://cerebusonline.tumblr.com/

5) Dave does weekly updates every Friday on youtube here: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGlbTwyt9cw4XZ9jRqrPeUg

6) Twitter with lots of cool photos here: https://twitter.com/CerebusOnline

7) Facebook group here: https://www.facebook.com/groups/cerebus/

8) Keep an eye open on eBay and Twitter for sales. People are always selling bundles of the phonebooks or individual issues for cheap.

9) Excellent Cerebus blog here: http://momentofcerebus.blogspot.com/

Hope that helps, let me know if you have any other questions! I'm running a lot of the social media side of things so am very much interested in any suggestions on getting the word out there. If anybody has any ideas or suggestions, let me know!
 




 From the comments. This is how it works:

http://i.imgur.com/7lrGIuC.jpg

 




 Yeah, I thought the same thing.
 









 There's an excellent documentary about him up on youtube. I think it would make anybody change their mind. Warhol was a genius.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQXpqQO4vaE 









 Just managed to pick up the the first 16 individual issues of Eightball a few weeks ago. So funny...
 




 I love this movie.
 




 That was better than the prequels.
 









 Some numbers:

*The e-commerce giant said it sold more that day than on any previous Black Friday, with 398 items ordered per second.*

*Amazon said it rang up sales yesterday of 56,000 "Lord of The Rings" trilogy Blu-ray sets; 51,000 Bose headphones and 14,000 iRobot Roomba vacuums. (It had sold just one Roomba the previous Wednesday.) It was also the largest sales day ever for Amazon devices, a category that includes Kindles, Echos, Fire tablets and Fire TV Sticks.* 




 Playlist: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLP3MFbKgez_LbMpgUY4oYlsYAq0YNi2Le
 




 Thanks for the reply! You make several good points, I agree on the perception of women being powerless being very dangerous. It's one of their strengths, ironically.

You probably saw the point about the Twitter case:

http://news.nationalpost.com/full-comment/christie-blatchford-ruling-in-twitter-harassment-trial-could-have-enormous-fallout-for-free-speech

That's where feminist "ideas" about free speech lead us.

"I suppose you can view human society as a system not unlike a biological system or entity..."

I think that's exactly what Dave is doing here, it's an analogy, seeing the feminist hive-mind as working collectively while men, as a rule, work individually. He's extending that analogy to the point of suggesting a hive mind. Again, it's a work of fiction. If you're at all interested in Dave Sim's work, I would recommend Tangent. I think it should be sidebarred here. I'll definitely be posting more quotes from it here in the coming months:

http://www.cerebusfangirl.com/artists/tangent1.php

Thanks again! 




 [Really.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jainism) 




 I'm surprised there's really nothing about him around here. Seems like a natural fit to me.
 




 Discipline.
 




 I agree...but I think you're both saying the same thing, Sim's just taking artistic license with the concept because it's about a matriarchy in a magical medieval society with talking aardvarks. But I think the point of that influence being used in business, politics, the courts and schools without being acknowledged is the real problem. 




 Ha, you're up on some stuff...I've been working with Sim for about ten years now. Currently helping him get his material online, for sale on an official site: https://sellfy.com/Cerebus and up on tumblr for free: http://cerebusonline.tumblr.com/ Just promoting his stuff on twitter, etc. Wonder what tumblr when say when we get to the 186 pages! Well, it'll be a while till that happens. But in general, I think r/TheRedPill would find a lot of what Sim says to be pretty insightful. I'm just going to post some various quotes of his to gauge the reaction. Although maybe going with "Women Read Minds, Guys" isn't the best way to approach it....still I've posted other quotes from him around here to positive response.

I think it's safe to say Dave Sim is very big on God these days, and so a fan of the Jews...and the Muslims...and the Christians. 




 Those are what you call problem glasses:

http://pbs.twimg.com/media/B9q2wjNCcAA48rW.png
 




 Interesting responses. Note that the above come from a work of fiction, but obviously I thought it was relevant. Thanks for the replies!
 




 I'm surprised there isn't more Sim here, I'm going to try and change that!
 




 Made me think of the time Mr Chi-City killed a bug: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7_F_AqeRqo
 









 "It's a little more complicated than that. "Woman's intuition" is a nice way of putting it. "Women are more sensitive" is another way of putting it. A not-so-nice way of putting it is that women rape men's minds the way men rape women's bodies. It's not an exact analogy, of course, because rape is invasion and invasion is the man's way, not the woman's way; absorption and consumption are the woman's way; what they're built for. Consider the two genders; one that invades and violates and the other that absorbs and consumes. The nice way of putting it is that theyre complimentary. The not-so-nice way of putting it is that they deserve each other; serve each other right.

Some women are more efficient at reading minds than are others. Some only pick up impressions; they just get a "feeling" you could say. Others it's as easy as reading a book, For many of them it's like eating a piece of candy; absorbing the entirety of a mind in one gulp.

"Reading" minds isn't the worst of it. The worst of it is changing the minds they absorb; planting contrary thoughts. Changing her mind, the saying goes, is a woman's prerogative. Changing others' minds is a woman's darkest secret; the black cauldron of which we all partake. Some greedily, some guiltily. Some intentionally, some inadvertently.

What is spreading throughout the civilized world is an abomination. An abomination I was very helpful in bringing about and an abomination which can come to no good end. It is a very large and very dangerous force. Whose minds are being absorbed? Heads of state, business and economic and religious leaders. Whose minds are absorbing them? Unelected wives, grasping and opportunistic mistresses and concubines with handsome eyes and attractive figures.

Simply put, the civilized world is being subjected to mental bullying and thuggery on a monumental scale of which it is completely unaware."

Dave Sim, [Cerebus](http://i.imgur.com/aIIDecv.jpg)

----------

Just interested in hearing your thoughts on this. To make a very, very, very long story short, the above is from Dave Sim's [Cerebus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cerebus_the_Aardvark). Widely recognized as one of if not the most important achievement in the history of the comic book medium, Sim was vilified by the industry when he came out as an anti-feminist in 1994 with issue 186 of Cerebus.

The quote above is being told to the main character by the betrayed leader of a matriarchal movement. She was responsible for building a matriarchy but was betrayed by another woman, the story's main antagonist. This is essentially her tl;dr of how women were able to take over a (fictional) society, but I think the overall theory of women using their "intuition" as an indirect means of influencing men and that "behind the scenes" there is an absolutely monumental amount of mental bullying and thuggery that goes on between husbands and wives--including between very powerful husbands and wives--is an important insight into how the world works. 









 No Xmas for John Quays

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHFdYYIaEIc 




 The area I've been to is near Whitefish...get on a lake around there and it's all you could ask for.
 




 Sudbury is just...there. It doesn't have enough character to be dreary. But drive for 1/2 an hour outside the city and it's one of the most beautiful places on earth. 




 "According to the complaint affidavit, Alexander Ciccolo took delivery of four firearms on July 4, 2015, which he had ordered from a person who was cooperating with members of the Western Massachusetts Joint Terrorism Task Force."

Just another fucking frame up.
 




 Have you seen my keys?
 









 Unless Dave tells me otherwise, it'll stay free.
 



















 The most exciting moment of the Pan Am games. 




 Corollary: Don't announce your intentions.
 




 Star Wars.
 









 Oh man, that was hilarious. 




 Nobody does the right thing.

What a great movie.  




 Still gets my vote for best action movie of the 80s. 




 I think he's exaggerating to make a point.
 




 "You go into China and find a Chinese man that believes in Jesus and ask him to paint a picture, hell paint Jesus looking like a Chinese man. You go up to Alaska and find an Eskimo that believes in Jesus and ask him to paint a picture of Jesus, hell paint a picture of Jesus looking like an Eskimo. You come back here to America and find a white man that believes in Jesus hell paint Jesus looking like a white man. Go inside a Negro church who believes in Jesus and ask them to paint a picture of Jesus, theyll paint a picture of Jesus looking like the white man. Thats what you call integration." - Malcolm X 









 Listen to this man. It's already probably too late.
 




 No shit...that's exactly what I thought.
 




 Have you heard the new one Sub-Lingual Tablet? It's great! Much better than the last couple... 




 I love boxing and that was hilarious.
 




 There was even a paper before the Chevron called The Coryphaeus. 




 ..and me. My favorite gruppe!
 




 Saudi Arabia: America's Best Fiend 




 This is an unbelievably chickenshit move by the outgoing exec. They essentially handed an eviction ("lease not renewed") notice to Imprint on the last day of their mandate. Negotiations are now between Imprint and the new exec. Imprint needs to marshal their forces and put pressure on the new execs. to reverse this decision. The ex-FEDS need to be named and shamed. A move like this should haunt them.
 














 TNR did a piece on him a while back, he's a complete scumbag:

http://www.newrepublic.com/article/116601/chris-christies-rise-and-fall 




 People, if you haven't seen this, please give it a go. It's superb.
 




 This is what Hunt actually said:

Its strange that such a chauvinist monster like me has been asked to speak to women scientists. Let me tell you about my trouble with girls. Three things happen when they are in the lab: you fall in love with them, they fall in love with you, and when you criticise them they cry. Perhaps we should make separate labs for boys and girls? 

Now seriously, Im impressed by the economic development of Korea. And women scientists played, without doubt an important role in it. Science needs women and you should do science despite all the obstacles, and despite monsters like me.

That this was turned into a sexist controversy and forced a Nobel Prize winning biochemist to resign is beyond disgusting. Things are way worse than you think. Nice to see someone has the balls to stand up to this nonsense:

http://www.theguardian.com/education/2015/jun/30/jonathan-dimbleby-resigns-ucl-sir-tim-hunt 




 "Journalism had been an early casualty in the war between the Female Void and the Male Light. "How do you feel?" had virtually replaced "who, what, where, when and why" as the journalistic cornerstone. "What are you feeling right now?" Every once in a great while, the Female void would run afoul of some military figure or a police captain or a fire marshal: some male who had not been devoured whole, who still had something of himself left to call his own. His answer would begin, "I think . . ." or "I believe . . ." and he would proceed to enunciate a belief, a principle, an ideal which was, to him, fundamental. The Female or Male Feminist (they differ only cosmetically from each other) interviewing him would be dogged in his or her pursuit: "But how do you feel as an individual, as a person, as a human being?" The interview subject would invariably look confused, discomfited at this. After all, he had just answered the question. He would paraphrase his belief, his principle, his ideal. "I think . . ." "I believe . . ." At this point the he/she interviewer switched, invariably, to another satellite feed: to another journalist or a psychologist or a social worker. Reasoning, Thinking Males with Systems of Belief, made for very bad television."

-- Dave Sim 









 Yes, sir!
 




 No, come to my shop, buy one Ouzo get 20 free! 




 The EU wants to make this as hard and as difficult as possible for Greece so the other member states don't get any ideas. 




 Ah yes, I read Mises' "Liberalism: In the Classical Tradition" in uni. 




 Fascinating article, thanks!
 




 Ah, sorry. Yes, I assumed Liberal meant liberal... 




 Wrong.

Paragraph 5: On one occasion, a man with deep mafia associations met then prime minister John Howard and other top Liberal Party figures at a fundraising event. It is not suggested that Mr Howard knew of the connection.

Paragraph 6: The investigation has also revealed donors have lobbied on behalf of a mafia figure to a host of Liberal and Labor MPs over issues related to their businesses. 




 And Mao killed more people than Stalin. 









 Oh, please fuck off already. 




 ESPN X Games 17 Moto X Enduro X 2011.

Here are the men:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5X9lENC4jQ

Here are the women:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lCKeDl0l9c 




 Fascinating. I'm Sikh and I never knew this, thanks!
 




 I have not leisure enough to come and see you; I have both public and private affairs which take up too much of my time. Besides, I have mistresses who will not suffer me to be from them neither day nor night, and who against myself make use of the very charms and sorceries that I have taught them.

THE END. 




 Remember all the corpses, from Adam and Eve to Lot and Lot's wife to Job and Job's wife to John and Yoko to Sid and Nancy to Kurt and Courtney... 




 dr_warlock is correct:

http://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2011/03/echoing-big-agribusiness-farmers-sue-monsanto/73240/

*"If you are not familiar with Percy Schmeiser vs. Monsanto and want to see how such cases play out, you owe it to yourself to spend a few minutes on http://www.percyschmeiser.com/. Schmeiser was an elderly canola farmer in Saskatchewan who for 50 years had carefully saved seeds from his own fields, replanting those that carried the specific traits he sought. He had never bought seeds from Monsanto; never even spoken to a representative of Monsanto. Somehow, his crops became contaminated by Monsanto's GM crops, either through drift from nearby fields or from the trucks loaded with GM canola seedoften without protective covers to prevent seed from blowing offspeeding along a road bordering his property. The result was that Schmeiser lost the strains of canola he had created over five decades of seed saving. Monsanto promptly sued Schmeiser, saying he owed the company over $200,000 because its patented genetic material was growing on his land. Schmeiser spent his retirement savings defending himself, but the Canadian Supreme Court ruled in Monsanto's favor, even though it did not grant the company monetary damages."* 




 Lee Scratch Perry gives an absolutely hilarious set of answers to some questions on a recent Guardian webchat. For those not familiar with Perry, he's widely considered one of the most influential producers in western music as well as a brilliant artist in his own right and, of course, a madman. There's a new documentary about him out soon called Vision of Paradise: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqBPhJdzPnU

 









 "No one should ever work. Work is the source of nearly all the misery in the world. Almost any evil you'd care to name comes from working or from living in a world designed for work. In order to stop suffering, we have to stop working."

http://www.primitivism.com/abolition.htm 




 Romani ite domum! 




 Full routine: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UneRbUMbZZs

Really sad to hear one of them is in jail for stealing baby formula. 




 Yes, it's disgusting. 




 They both do a really good job.
 









 A couple of movies that should be on that list:

The Set-up: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0041859/

The Great White Hope: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0065797/

Champion: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0041239/

The Champ: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0021730/

Unforgivable Blackness: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0413615/
 




 True. As much as I enjoyed it, Skyrim was a shallow ocean, I would've preferred a deep lake. 




 You can't trust women, but you can always trust women to be women. 




 Wow, never heard of this, many thanks!
 




 Relevant: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-usmvYOPfco
 




 I've read Hagakure and The Book of Five Rings and they are very interesting and I hope you find them useful but to be honest they are more about general strategy and lessons via examples than actual practical advice. A more practical text would be The Art of War. Analyze situations in terms of the way, the weather, terrain, leadership and discipline and know that all warfare is based on deception. It is also essential to have spies...
 




 I am the walrus.
 




 Call me l5hm43l
 




 Duh me, of course!
 




 JFK. Perhaps the worst possible version of the assassination of JFK I can even imagine. Jim Garrison was a nutjob.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qY93Y2ryqcc 




 There's a movie with Charles Bronson and Lee Marvin?!?? I can die a happy man!
 




 Great video.
 




 They do it ironically.
 




 If you (obviously I'm not talking about you personally, I don't know you) are not publishing the cartoons because you don't want to offend someone, the same way you wouldn't publish something anti-Semitic and racist, that's one thing. Your free choice. But that is not what's happening here. People are advocating not publishing the cartoons because of what others might do. You are afraid of what they might do. This is rank cowardice of the lowest order. Freedom of expression MUST include the freedom to offend. As usual, Hitchens explains it best:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZZ96SArpuc


 




 In America, they buy it then break it.
 




 I despise cowardly self-censorship even more than hateful radical extremists. Show the cartoons.
 




 "Piara Singh was attacked outside his gurdwara in Fresno California where he was preparing free meals to give to the homeless. He suffered a punctured lung and head injuries and was left lying in a pool of blood."
 




 The Struggle is Long. The Struggle is Hard. The Struggle is Beautiful.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0YF_mGdYbw8 




 JUST DO IT!!! 




 I really gotta find a hola replacement....unless they're cleaning up their act. Here's another site:

http://tubitv.com/video?id=110953 title=Atomic_Filmmakers:_Hollywoods_Secret_Film_Studio 




 Well, the first three takes weren't all that good, but on the fourth one, he nailed it.
 




 Notice how he was talking about food? They steal to eat. It's not about entitlement, it's about survival. 




 FYI:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyFAEh5T1CM
 




 As Hunter S. Thompson said:

http://36.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lruw7p55GU1qhimb2o1_400.jpg
 




 You might find Ken Burns' three-part documentary useful:

http://www.pbs.org/kenburns/prohibition/ 




 They've gotten progressively worse. Rushmore is still his best.
 




 "barely anybody"...sorry, but are you fucking kidding? "Barely anybody" has heard about the FIREBOMBING OF TOKYO??? 




 Really? I thought it was pretty well-known by now how smart he actually was. The guy could hold his own against William F. Buckley.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXB0029YKFQ 




 We're here for you.
 




 Hey, at least one sane person in this thread. There is a veritable mountain of evidence that Lee Harvey Oswald killed Kennedy and anybody who has done even a modicum of research knows this. On the other hand, in 50 years there has not been one single, solitary shred of hard evidence that there was a conspiracy. But, hey, lets not let the truth get in the way of a good story. For anyone who wants a decent introduction to the topic, please watch "Oswald's Ghost":

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qY93Y2ryqcc
 




 lol.

"An earlier judge ruled that my "Ability to pay is not relevant to my obligation to pay." That's an actual quote. From the judge, not Kafka."

https://twitter.com/davesfoley/status/11149924842340352
 




 This excerpt from "Losing the Signal" does a good job of explaining what was going on at the time:

www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/excerpt-how-blackberrys-bid-to-one-up-the-iphone-failed/article24555365/
 




 This is why I switched majors in my undergrad from economics to philosophy. (Not just making a joke, actually serious, yes I have a philosophy degree.) 




 100%. Really good movie, lots of fun, but every time she came onscreen, it just took me out of the movie. No billionaire is fucking with something that looks like that.
 









 Women don't actually give a fuck about other women.
 









 Seems like a tie with Andrew Johnson:

www.slate.com/articles/video/politics/2015/02/america_s_worst_president_is_andrew_johnson_president_s_day_video.html 




 "Steal a little and they throw you in jail, steal a lot and they make you king."
 









 In case you've never seen Entourage or don't know who the Ari Gold character is:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TGTJSorTQvw

He pretty much made the show.
 














 That's what I was looking for. Well done.
 




 Good point.
 




 Am I the only one who thinks she's a 7 at best?
 




 ...and we all talk about FOX again.
 




 I have wanted this for so long....a really good time travel element in a game would be fantastic. 




 He earned it. He gets to talk shit for at least another six months. 




 Thanks! Yeah, I think one issue a week, especially with the letters, would be a really good way to introduce the comic to a lot of people.
 




 Farage said he would consider running for the job again when the leadership contest is held in September.

He'll be back.
 




 Here's a great video of what a piece of shit Braid is:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_4D2qUbXuw
 




 Howdy, I'm the one doing this....with Sim's permission. I'm actually thinking of changing it a bit, upload one issue a week along with all the letters and the back-of-the book stuff. Glad to see the positive response! Any suggestions are welcome! 




 That's so naive it's almost adorable. If you think black people in the U.S. aren't faced with a racist society today, you're absurdly uneducated. Look at virtually any statistics on arrest and conviction rates on white vs. black individuals for similar crimes. Look at the incarceration rate. Black people are still largely treated like second-class citizens. Do you honestly think people get Freddie Gray-style rough rides as often in white neighborhoods? Blatant racism is a big part of America and will be for a long time. 




 Well, it looked cool...as close to a live-action Akira trailer as we'll get this year.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1GO-93Nt3c 




 Yeah! Why aren't the poorest descendants of people who are the product of 400 years of slavery, beatings, torture, lynchings, Jim Crow, discrimination, segregation and the War on Drugs better integrated into white America? Lazy! It's all so obvious now... 




 Pretty sure reddit is number four on that list.
 









 All of this goes away on May 16th. Anybody who watches the Golovkin/Willie Monroe, Jr. fight will forget about the anticlimax that was MayPac and remember why they watch the sport in the first place. 














 "The police are able to use the press to make the white public think that ninety per cent or ninety-nine per cent of the Negroes in the Negro community are criminals, and once the white public is convinced that most of the Negro community is a criminal element, then this automatically paves the way for the police to move into the Negro community exercising Gestapo tactics, stopping any black man who is on the sidewalk, whether he is guilty or whether he is innocent, whether he is well-dressed or whether he is poorly dressed, whether he is educated or whether he is dumb, whether hes a Christian or whether hes a Muslim, as long as he is black and a member of the Negro community the white public thinks that the white policeman is justified in going in there and trampling on that mans civil rights and on that mans human rights." 




 Freddie, not Freddy.
 




 The story of gangs "teaming up" to target cops got out there pretty damn quickly but was based on absolutely nothing. It was good to hear the other side, and they sound reasonable to me. Whatever else these men have done, questioning their motives at this point when they have the ability to quell some of the violence seems counterproductive to say the least. 









 Who the fuck believes this....especially when your source is the Washington Times? What nonsense.
 




 "And when you see the blacks react, since the people who do this arent there, they react against their property. The property is the only thing thats there and they destroy it. And you get the impression over here that because they are destroying the property where they live, that they are destroying their own property. No. They cant get to the man, so they get at what he owns.
This doesnt say its intelligent. But whoever heard of a sociological explosion that was done intelligently and politely? And this is what youre trying to make the black man do. Youre trying to drive him into a ghetto and make him the victim of every kind of unjust condition imaginable. Then when he explodes, you want him to explode politely. You want him to explode according to somebodys ground rules. Why, youre dealing with the wrong man, and youre dealing with him at the wrong time in the wrong way."

-- Malcolm X, London School of Economics, February 11, 1965 




 "And when you see the blacks react, since the people who do this arent there, they react against their property. The property is the only thing thats there and they destroy it. And you get the impression over here that because they are destroying the property where they live, that they are destroying their own property. No. They cant get to the man, so they get at what he owns.

This doesnt say its intelligent. But whoever heard of a sociological
explosion that was done intelligently and politely? And this is what youre trying to make the black man do. Youre trying to drive him into a ghetto and make him the victim of every kind of unjust condition imaginable. Then when he explodes, you want him to explode politely. You want him to explode according to somebodys ground rules. Why, youre dealing with the wrong man, and youre dealing with him at the wrong time in the wrong way."

- Malcolm X, London School of Economics, February 11, 1965 




 Au contraire. As soon as he realized Downey clearly and obviously didn't want to talk about his past, he pushed the point hoping Downey would walk out, like Tarantino did, so he'd get the views. It worked. 




 Great story. I love the New Yorker. I live outside Toronto yet still read it pretty religiously. I think it's easily the best general interest magazine in America. Plus their movie guy loves Godard, which is cool. I think I read one New Republic story in the last ten years so can't honestly say I cared when it collapsed, yet every issue of the New Yorker has at least two or three stories I read from beginning to end.
 




 A shit movie?
 




 A Superman movie directed by Tim Burton and starring Nicolas Cage...that really does sound like the worst movie never made. 




 Surprise of the Decade!
 




 Grand Moff Tarkin. He killed everyone on Alderaan.
 




 I liked it. It's a short piece about a radical disruption in our culture. I thought it was interesting.

"Thats the real dystopia: not that our daily lives could be reduced to a state of constant shopping but that we might ever have to, even for a moment, stop shopping." 




 I feel the pressure too.
 




 Brilliant. Who else but Don Rickles would make mafia jokes to Frank on national TV?
 




 Amen.
 




 Homework is just about teaching you to take your work home with you when you get a real job. 









 Hee hee. One of those songs that you just can't get out of your head once you've heard it...
 









 Looks like we'll all be taking the...[SPADINA BUS!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZnLjRi_g9o) 




 Sort of. There is a very big difference between Malcolm X while he was in the NOI, when he basically just repeated what he was taught by Elijah Muhammad, and after he left (was forced out of) the NOI in early 1964. After he left he embraced a much more inclusive philosophy, rejected racism, rejected the NOI, embraced traditional Islam and fought for the human rights of all people regardless of color. However, he never rejected the philosophy of self-defense or his militancy. I VERY highly recommend this 1972 documentary, consisting almost entirely of footage of Malcolm X, which shows the evolution of his thought.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDyW60VktDM
 




 [The opposing view.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nIdfVxCttZQ) 




 It really is the greatest show in the history of TV.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wmgghlEagA

 




 Greatest show in the history of television. You won't regret it.
 




 Awesome. Post it again when you color it, can't wait to see it!
 




 lol...I knew it! Next he'll be interviewing a surfer on welfare who eats lobster...
 




 Good job! 




 Race-baiting at its finest. No doubt the creator of this video has a fine future at FOX.
 




 Haven't seen Shallow Grave in a long time, but I really enjoyed that one. 




 Really enjoyed del Toro in this....and Spacey and Gabriel Byrne and pretty much everyone else, the cast is really, really good. And I really enjoy the reveal, but the convoluted way Soze supposedly went about getting the guys together to pull of the caper still seems forced.
 




 Well aware that I'm the minority in this, but this movie is highly overrated. The cast is great and it's well acted, but this is really a reveal in search of a movie. There's a reason Ebert gave it two stars.

http://www.rogerebert.com/reviews/the-usual-suspects-1995 




 I always wondered that myself. Is there anyone on the entire planet who deserved that bottle of water more than Muhammad Ali at that point? 




 Call me Ishmael.
 




 If you think that was good, check him out after he won the fight:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5nlheJoCSQ
 









 Because they're quasi-medieval hellholes?
 




 He was a good shot.

"Just three weeks after joining the Marines, hes trained in the use of an M-l rifle. He shoots on a rifle range [a score of] 212, which means he qualified for the second-highest position in the Marine Corps, that of a sharpshooter.

Near the end of his stay in the Marines in 1959, after being court-martialed twice and his morale was low, he went back to re-qualify himself in the range  still shot a 191, and still qualified as a marksman. That meant that he could hit a 10-inch target eight times out of ten from 200 yards away."

http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/biographies/oswald/interview-gerald-posner/ 




 I wish they would go over the body armor stats again and make them actually make sense.
 




 Nailed it.
 




 No kidding. Next we're going to find out that the mother of Batboy from Weekly World News cheated on her husband. This is a good sub, but stuff like this makes us all look like assholes.
 




 I used to know Chris Williams, the director! We went to university at the same time and both worked on the university newspaper. He was a great guy. 




 "If with the literate I am impelled to try an epigram, I never seek to take the credit. We all assume that Oscar said it."

-- Oscar Wilde by Dorothy Parker 




 Hola works:

http://hola.org/
 









 A great video linked in the comments, "Dr Helen Smith Explains Why Men Need To Boycott Marriage":

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6r3B9RU8IA 




 You spelled Sith wrong.
 









 Hilarious. I know Dave pretty well. I live about twenty minutes away from him and worked with him on some of his post-Cerebus projects. He's a cool guy, very smart. 




 [Dave Sim](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dave_Sim) author of [Cerebus](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cerebus_the_Aardvark) - 26 years. As Alan Moore once [stated](http://www.linkworthy.com/Moore/Correspondence3.htm), "Cerebus, as if I need to say so, is still to comic books what Hydrogen is to the Periodic Table." 




