 I selfishly made this because the guy from person of interest would make a great James bond.  




 I don't get why feminists don't go after stuff that is genuine inequality like female genital mutilation or even something like not being able to drive. But that doesn't affect them so they find stuff that might potentially affect them in their first world country. I'd be 100% behind the movement if they focused on actual issues but none of those issues affect them 




 Bad timing 




 Wow OK I can't think of a way to say this without getting ripped on and down voted to hell and I know this was just for fun. But how has nobody here considered the cumulative time you've wasted of all the people you've done this to after pulling them over?  




 Fuck you. 




 How did they get the battery to last five momths]? 




 Half the movie is in Chinese and the subtitles are in arabic 




 I don't think its out on DVD yet so it would just be some shaky shitty quality video of a theater screen 




 Talking to a cop 




 So without knowing anything, you've accused me of committing a traffic violation, said I'm a bad driver and ruined someone's day. BTW she slammed the brakes on the highway because of a plastic bag and said that to insurance. /r/protectandserve at its normal 




 Yup theres the blame shifting I've come to expect from p s. Don't get me wrong, other subs would still blame me but because I talked to a cop when I didn't need to 




 Well I saw something on king5 last week about some podunk in Washington buying military heavy vehicles. So yeah... 




 Why not just ask mercer island for it 




 I just got a ticket after getting in my first accident. I felt like shit about the damage to my car and then up walks a cop who I mistakenly talk to. Next thing I know, I'm handed a $200 ticket. Why? Just to add insult to injury? 




 I'm from Wyoming and whenever I get jealous about their free apartments I just about their what their  great grandfathers went through and I kinda undersrand. But I'm still jealous 




 Where on 5th street is that? Or is that the viaduct in the background? 




 Do you have a brand of choice? I've heard long lasting kind has more dextro dxm 




 Oh a nipple that looks like a dick. I was thinking dick that looks a nipple. This makes more sense 




 Just because this bugging me. Look up my history and check out the post titled "I cheated on my bitch." I saw the joke a mile away its just not original or funny so I ignored it. About the other stuff, I don't see any point in talking to someone so close minded 




 Well said 




 No I think they're just cops.  




 Wow that kid looked scared shirtless at the end when the thug was punching him 




 Boy you sure told me 




 So I'm not allowed to call a random asshole on the internet an asshole just because he's a cop? Oh and I also noticed similarities between the downvote brigade and the blue wall of silence. 

You just want drama 




 What? Who are you? Why did you write me a condescending paragraph? 




 Thank you. You have a good night too

Edit:  Even this got down voted too? Blue wall of silence knows no bounds 




 OK I think we're done. Thanks for your input 




 So just be grateful for what we have and don't complain?  




 I'm just bored but think down voting someone you don't agree with is asystematic to our problem of bully police and the blue wall of silence that protects them 




 Since we're being honest I'm affaid for my country when the blue wall of silence condemns someone who thinks that cussing out a softball ref isnt funny and silences my feelings on that 




 Is it crazy or are you being sarcastic? I can't tell 




 People lie on the internet?  




 I mean MLB where you're in the stands. If you think its OK to cuss out a ref to his face then you're just an asshole 




 I meant the swearing at a ref part. If it was baseball I might understand, but softball? 




 You sound like someone I never want to run into. Scary to think you have a gun 




 What about dogs? 




 You just say that because you have princes who fight dragons and evil wizards 




 he's like Stephen Colbert  




 The first thirty seconds of this and the first thirty seconds of his 9/11 show are exactly the same 




 Its funny that's what I think about so I don't cum early 




 You can't OD on shrooma but saying so does make the cop who can't take down someone tripping on shrooms more heroic. 




 Well at least nobodys gonna get shot over this... Right...  




 I hide money in books. Check ur books 




 Once when I was arrested I asked the cop if he ever smoked weed when he was young, he said he never got caught and laughed as he pushed me into his backseat  




 The vodka handle costs $10, the rest is Washington state tax btw

And the steelies are 8% 




 I used to think that I invented egg drop soup by dropping an egg in top ramen. Turns out some Asian did it before me 




 damn. ur a genius  




 I keep my Gameboy in my bathroom and only have pokemon yellow. I play pokemon whenever I have to shit, I call it poopoo pokemon 




 nice try but I forget 




 He looks like a down syndrome kid that got recalled to the manufacturer and came back normal 




 yeah he seems like a genuine nice guy. I forgot to say that was part 1. here's part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZjbQPhduVk 









 why would you let it live? it's your civic duty to kill those things before they multiply 




 Hobbits gettin karma for isengard 




 I've always wondered what's the point of recording a cop if they can just delete it. is there an app that sends video to a server? 




 so compare to number of postal workers who kill dogs instead? 




 a better statistic to judge the misconduct of police is how many dogs US police kill compared to UK police. the UK probably haven't killed any, hard to do with a baton, while there's a whole subreddit to US police killing dogs /r/puppycide 




 Everyone assumes reedit is so anti police that any sentiment close to that is immediately disregarded  




 What I want to know is how many dogs US cops kill compared to how many dogs UK cops kill 




 that was my point. 




 "Detective Patrick Cherry has been removed from the departments elite Joint Terrorism Task Force and will be doing desk duty until he is officially transferred out of the prestigious division."

your title makes it sound like he was fired, he wasn't. he was transferred. no justice at all here 




 "Detective Patrick Cherry has been removed from the departments elite Joint Terrorism Task Force and will be doing desk duty until he is officially transferred out of the prestigious division."

your title makes it sound like he was fired. he wasn't fired at all, just transferred.  




 Who the fuck do you think you are? You a fucking lawyer? Dont get smart with me, boy.  




 a minute ago I watched a video on r/videos of a party girl who passed out in her car on the freeway. everyone in the comments gave her the benefit of the doubt, but he's homeless so fuck him right. it's on the front page of r/videos right now btw 




 what makes you think he was drunk? looking for half a cigarette in the ashtray is something all homeless who smoke do 




 that's called premeditated assault... he knew he was gonna have to mess with the guy's bleeding unconscious body  




 that interviewer was pretty good guy 




 took me way too long to realize skiing isn't some Slovenian word and she's not a queen. not even high 




 joking aside, why would any cop be against this? 




 i'm no animal fucker, but I think that's a cow 




 yeah sucks stargate got canceled  




 they get too much hype and are pretty weak. try heroin instead 




 what's the single best episode, if i don't have time because i have a meeting and children to pick up n shit? 




 you can hear the sound of the bell some stores make when you open the door. doesn't make sense for a house and we never heard that before, but that shittily let's you know the door was opened. but maybe the cops were waiting inside the house 




