 I agree he's a moderate, which is something the GOP needs more of. He's not hugely sensationalist or anything, which is why he might not go far. He'll be just like Huntsman was in the last election - ignored by the general voters for someone more "likable" (whatever that means). 









 They all are sourced on isidewith.com 




 Couple other of his positions: 

* Education should be handled at the state level

* Take the government out of marriage

* Give Constitutional rights to captured enemy combatants

* Eliminate excess profit from contractors who do work with the military

* Have most welfare recipients be enrolled in education, or job training program (if they're out of work) 




 Before the invention of the actual alarm clock, people in Britain and Ireland used someone called a [Knocker-up](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Knocker-up) to wake them up. The Knocker-up would tap on the windows or household of their clients with a stick. 




 Dancing and cocktails.  




 Hippy gathering:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rainbow_Gathering 




 If you're still in the state, I'm in Provo! 




 Sadly, it's the whole country, on both sides of the aisle:

http://www.nbcnews.com/video/up/48788079#48788079 




 Damn, so close! I work for a similar company doing the same work though. Anyway, here's my rebuttal:

"Well [name], and you can be honest here, is this a trust issue or a money issue?"

[If trust issue]

"I appreciate the honesty [name]. So let me tell you a little about us. We're in [State] right by [name of famous school]. So let me pull up our Facebook page...So because we do such a good job [name], we have this 4.8 out of 5 rating on Facebook. Google and Yahoo are the same thing, both about 4.8 out of 5."

Usually this helps a lot of them feel more better about what we're doing. They feel more comfy seeing the reviews and seeing we are legitimate. 

[If money]

"Y'know [name], I sympathize with that (DONT say "I know it's a lot of money"). I'm a college student down here in [state], so I know what it's like to budget. The thing is, your computer is at risk of crashing and I don't want this infection you've accidentally downloaded (create responsibility) to get any worse. Your computer is sick, and it needs to be cured sooner rather than later. I don't want you calling us tomorrow saying your computer crashed, so it's best we get this done tonight so that doesn't happen. And we can take debit or credit, whatever you prefer." 




 I think you and I work for the same company! Do you tell people to click a blue circle with a white arrow? 




 Mostly I blame the cocaine for that. 




 This past weekend I lost all my money in Vegas, got two flat tires, broke my phone, ran out of food, and forgot how to shave.

Life is a roller coaster, yo. 




 I have a sales job that has an hourly base, but changes week by week based on the sales I made that work week. So, for example, I start off at my base $15/hr, make 10 sales, and I'm raised to $18/hr for the entire week. Or I might make 15 sales, and I'm raised to $22/hr. It then all resets the following week.

How do I budget when my income fluctuates like this? 




 Thanks for the post! Just signed up and threw in $16. First time investing and everything.  




 Saw a billboard, applied, got in. What's more, most applicants who also got hired knew someone, but I didn't. In fact, in my training class of 8, I was the only one who didn't know anyone else in the office. Felt great! 




 Try your local university. My local one has plenty of openings for admin work thats entry level. 




 Try wearing a costume. 




 How do I start my own lobby group? 




 No matter what you'll get a lot of those. Just respond to those that are worth replying to.    




 Pew did a good job. 




 I'll join the Libertarian Party, por favor. 




 No black? Racist.  




 When she genuinely laughs at my stupid jokes.  




 Freedomfest is happening down in Provo on Friday and Sat. 




 No. I too attend the one in SLC sometimes. If you'd like to carpool we can do that though as I'm also right by the Y 




 In Utah, Mormons were banned from being Masons up until a few decades ago.  




 Nowhere. I only serve on a single committee. I don't hold any other callings.  




 I'm sorry I'm not home 




 I attend LDS services. We talk about Christ, the Bible, and the BOM + D C. A lot of folks have said Mormons aren't Christian, but I've never seen anything to say such.  




 Officially got my calling to join the Service Committee!  




 Had a date last night with a girl from church. Took a walk downtown, got some waffles, and saw an improv show. Personally I think it went well. I'm just proud to have asked her out in person, as I've only ever been the one being asked out, or I asked them out on OKC/Tinder.  




 The chance to get out for a night 




 How are you liking Boston? Where'd you move from? 




 Working like a boss.  




 If you're referring to "activist judges", it should be known courts are supposed to be activist. You can look at cases like *Brown v. Board* or *Roe v. Wade* for examples. If courts aren't activist, the law will not be reinterpreted to correct the mistakes of the past, as like with the cases mentioned before.  




 There was a good /r/askreddit thread about this a while ago. Some of the arguments may not be compelling to you, but they are not based of religion. 

http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/29uo38/serious_redditors_against_gay_marriage_what_is/ 




 Are there separate rooms for those meetings for worship? What are they like? 




 Christ is my teacher in how to live a better life.

I'm not sure, I question if I'm Christian or not every day! 




 Various things. Sometimes someone will share a thought prompt which usually comes from another Meeting. The prompt might be about world events, peace, the Earth, and so on. People may respond to it, if they feel moved to.

Otherwise, it can be things like asking us to "Hold Someone In the Light" (pray or think about) because said person is having trouble. Or it can be talking about the problems of the world or your life. One girl at my meeting shared the difficulties of being a Quaker at BYU (a school that's 97% Mormon). 




 Yes, many Friends are atheists, or deists (like myself). This is due to the fact that Quakerism has no creed, doctrine, or religious authority to dictate what one must believe in order to be a Friend. More so, unprogrammed meetings give a place of refugee to the spiritually lost, as there are no sermons to say what is truth and what is false. All there is is silence among your fellow Friends and the Spirit.  




 Yes! And it's always good.  




 We get this a lot. Not very. Both those groups are Christians and believe in the power of doctrine. They believe in the authority of Scripture. More so, they also have defined gender roles between men and women (such as women being asked to wear bonnets).

The difference here is that Quakers do not necessarily believe in the Bible (or even God for that matter), though many certainly do. It is simply not needed to have any sort of theological belief in order to be considered a Friend. And Quakers have long been egalitarians in regards to gender roles where men and women, due to the strong belief in equality before God, have shared the same responsibilities, as they do today.

There is, however, one strong point Friends and the Amish and Mennonites all share. All three groups attempt to live simple lives, both in their consumption of materials, and how they dress. Many Amish and Mennonites will wear plain dress (and some Quakers still do, though it is rare) in a testament to their faith and oath to a life of service to God and the spirit. Though Quakers generally do not wear plain dress anymore, during a Sunday service in a Quaker Meeting you will rarely see anyone dressed up fancifully, for the reasons stated before.  




 It's hard to be a pacifist at all times. If someone were to attack me out of the blue, human nature might kick in and it would be hard to resist temptation to fight back. That said, yes, many Friends are against self-defense.  




 Super jealous! How's the program? 




 I would have liked that too. I've only ever met liberals.  




 I don't think I can answer this question in a satisfying manner, but here's a video from Quaker Speak on the topic of communion: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E_x1hUeIZ_c  




 Ha, it's no problem. That's a very, very common assumption. At least you know now! 




 Though I don't wear plain dress, I do refuse to wear suits, ties, and other fanciful dress, as they distract from a life of service to others and to God. 




 Book: *The Autobiography of Malcolm X*

Music: Death Cab For Cutie

Theologian: Reza Aslan  




 I'm a deistic Quaker. I believe in God, and the Spirit placed within all mankind.

Yes to the other two, as /u/macoafi said. 




 No, it's not needed. One can appreciate the Spirit on their own, as long as you sit in silence and wait to feel the Inner-Light. 




 Catholic, simply because it's what I'm more used to. 




 No. More often people think I'm Amish. 




 I'm the same way. I largely feel I've long been a Quaker...and, well, now I officially am one! 




 What's the capital of Antarctica?  




 I like the 6 things. They're pretty unique, so good job there!

The "Message Me If" part is a little bland though, as a lot of people have written what you did. So I'd change that up.
 









 I have my faith and family. The only things necessary for some of us! 

Is dating someone who has a large support network important to you?

No. I try and be on my own, more or less, so it doesn't matter if someone is also that way. 




 For both:

"Message me if you want to." 




 You don't need one to be happy. 




 If there weren't any cameras or police to see you, you're fine. The state would have to prove you did what you did.  




 Maybe a 3. Got some ice cream, but she wasn't for me and the conversation wasn't good.  




 Check out the sidebar. There's some good info in there! 




 They seem smart and well grounded.  




 Whoever will ignore my accent slippage would be nice, cuz sometimes I ask where the "bah" is. 




 Working, actually. Took a week off from the Red Cross, now I'm back. Went to Veterans Court today which was a good reminder as to why I do what I do :) 




 A little bit. I like to go to ska concerts which involve mosh pits and a lot of dancing. It'd be nice to have someone to pick it up with.  




 Colored hair and short hair. 




 Hi,

I work with the Services to Armed Forces division of the Red Cross in Provo, and we have a veteran client from Spanish Fork who recently lost his home to a house fire. In the fire, he lost a lot of equipment for his commercial production business, and we're on the hunt to replace a boom mic and DVD duplicator. I've tried calling a lot of local video equipment stores and have had no luck. If you, or someone you know, is willing to give something like that away, or sell at a low price, please PM me and I can give you my extension here at the Provo office. 

Thanks,

Dan 




 [It's getting hot out, yo.](https://www.okcupid.com/profile/leftclickmyface)  




 Since a lot of my former partners have lived with their parents (typical for college students), I usually meet them pretty soon. Never thought it was that big of a deal. 




 My constant consumption of K-POP 




 8/10, would vote for again 




 I'm 21 and have never physically asked out a girl. Mostly either girls have asked me out first, or I've asked them out via OKC/Tinder. In total I'd say I've had about seven girlfriends, to give some perspective. So yeah, never did it face to face...until last week! It was super nerve racking. I could feel myself mentally exploding, but I did it! And she didn't exactly say no. Even she had, still would have felt good.



 




 Check out some of the previous threads about this, there's a lot of them!

http://www.reddit.com/r/OkCupid/search?q=hold+conversation+ restrict_sr=on sort=relevance t=all 




 Is be fine with it. I do the same thing.  




 Congrats on living another day.  




 Campus hearings aren't court hearings. They're not legal entities.  




 Apple juice, obv. 




 1) Seems childish

2) Of course humor is subjective, but it didn't seem funny to me

3) It doesn't seem tailored to the girl's profile.

So I'd say give it some work! 




 Spending extra time at work tonight to get more comfy on the phone.  




 Facebook. Now I don't post as much.  




 Volunteering with groups I like.  




 This guy named Dan. He's pretty cool.  




 Yes, it's a pretty big deal you find a way of communication to set up a second date. Unless your date is a mind reader.  




 You can only keep three books for the rest f time. Which do you keep?  




 Instead of asking for a specific job, I usually ask for guidance in finding a meaningful life. But no, I wouldn't say you're in the wrong.  




 That's a great idea and I wish you luck. Got my only tat two years ago and have been happy ever since! 




 That's a great response, thank you!  




 Have any of you read the CES letter? What did you think of it? 




 I dont even know the last time I saw escorts mentioned here. 




 Always good to see a fellow Friend :) What YM do you attend?

 




 Today. 




 Don't marry a Protestant.  




 If you have a smartphone there are plenty of self timer apps that you can use. Just stand the phone up on something (table, books, etc).  




 What do you know about actual Quakers?

How'd you get the job? 




 Church activities. There are a lot  




 Perhaps not my faith, but I would die for my fellow Brethren and Sisters. 




 What have you got to lose? You're both looking for someone.

 




 Hand holding is the way to my heart 




  I've done things a lot of guys my age haven't and I have passion for what I do 




 http://okcupid.com/profile/leftclickMyFace

Do it  




 Yup. Nothing ever wrong with initiative.  




 How are you not swooned? 




 I'll do the Quaker AMA, please 




 FYI, your link doesn't work. 




 It was good. Went to a dating class that was somewhat useful, and I got called to serve on the service committee of my church, so that's neat.  




 Yik Yak, Evernote, Bookbuddy 




 Got to hug my crush today. One step closer, yo.  




 They might mean flag day in America.  




 Should have contacted MTV to get on *Catfished*.  




 It's a compliment 




 I just want to add that I'm in Provo and attend YSA with a tattoo and have experienced no problems, which surprised me.   




