 Skit wasnt funny. It was just irritating to watch him fumble around like that. 




 That was difficult to watch 




 What do you guys do? And r u hiring ;)? 









 Oh thats hilarious 




 A random number is basically a calculated number.

The computer has a specific formula (algorithm) that it uses to generate a number. This formula requires a seed to make the number different each time. In general, current time is used to make a unique random number. 

For example : 
Say the formula is :
RanNumber = seed + 2;

If seed was 5, then the answer would be 7. 
But to make it random, we can use the current time in milliseconds from what computer interprers the start of time in milliseconds (roughly around 1970s).

So ranNumber = 1029828227373792(made this # up) + 2;
 




 I guess thats why people even suggest against online mbas. Hmm. 




 Based on what you have learned from getting an MBA. What are some books/courses/resources that you can provide for someone that want's to learn the materials and concepts being taught in earning an MBA without actually going to school for it.

I come from a Software Engineering background and for the most part you can learn everything from a book or a video online. Granted MBA has a huge social component to it but the concepts at the core curriculum are I'm sure easily obtainable from a book. 
So what are those core concepts that can be learned without having to actually attend an MBA school. 




 Damn 40% seems high. Are you sure you're not causing the anxiety yourself by over paying.
If you want to feel less anxious then get yourself on a plan that will help you pay the student loans thats at a comfortable rate. It might take longer but at least you will be at peace. That's how debt it. You can either pay it off sooner or later, sooner the better but will affect your peace. Later, will give you some peace now but you might struggle later. Which one would you rather have? If the answer is neither then your best bet is to hop on a plane and live your life in the Amazon rainforest :) 




 Care to elaborate on this? Like how does this work? 




 Lol me neither but hey emergencies 




 Realized that myself today and went out and got a kit and shaven in the work bathroom today. I told myself to get a kit for a while but got the cajones to actually do it today. 




 Which hoops 




 Dang. Nyc would be so much fun too. 




 Why in the world would you downvote a serious question? 




 I'm a philly driver but I noticed that as I was passing by nyc that I can activate both Uber and Lyft when I'm there. So can I pick up pax even though I dont have a TLC?
And if I do get caught what are the charges? 




 Come out to philly. Ull get one. 




 Well if they would put me on a tier plan than i rather go to a company that's considerably cheaper. Heck I'd go to Cricket and save a boat load then stick with att. 




 if they did that then i would leave right away. 




 yea 




 they sent me an email saying it was for lyft drivers who sent them two pay statements 




 cool i sent them the text info yest. i hope i get it soon. 




 When did it show up?
Because i finished my 20 rides yesterday and dont see anything yet. 




 I got it too. U mean im not getting my $500 :( 




 @brownhairidc @inkios @Friendly_jackal join http://hashtagdrive.com/ 
its a chat app where bunch of uber lyft drivers converge.

id really like to see more philly ppl on there. 




 I've been driving for a week in Philly. Don't worry about it.

Just drive around. If you do airport pickups then tell them to sit in the front.

and if they do impound your car then just call lyft and get reimbursed for your car. 




 Oh thats so true. Worst part if when you're in the middle of fixing something and have to make four or five stops because ur too dumb to measure twice or sit down and fig out what you exactly need. 




 Java. you can jump ship to any language from there. 




 Came here to say that the islam ideology is to increase number of members by and increased size in family.
My friend who is muslim has this case. 




 He asked a sincere question douchebag. Back off and learn to be respectful. 




 Triffin (train+ tiffin)
Meals on wheels (i feel like this might be copyrighted)
Loco-Food or loco-khana  




 Seriously, its our generation that will answer whatever future outcome results of this. So why arent we holding marches and raising awareness, etc. 




 Even if someone throw rocks at the train it still wouldnt cause such a damage to a train that we see with the amtrak train. 
Speed is the main issue. And if the black box rules out speed then i think speculation can take place. 




 Any Salvation Army center. Maybe even the Kroc?

Not sure why you're getting down-voted. 




 So the moral of the story is that even a homeless man cant evade student loans. 




 I hear ya. Im not perfect but I gotta say that this sub is def. not what the general consensus of Christians would agree with. 
They should change their name to r/LiberalChristians

That said, i do appreciate their diff views every now and then. 




 My friends brother went through a similar experience.

Raised in a muslim household. 
Met a christian gf.
Really searched out the truth. Even went to college to learn about world religions.
And then finally became a christian.
Currently serves as a missionary leader for a church. 




 I love a church where the sermon is so good that everything else doesnt even matter.

By everything else I mean, what kind of worship style is being used, denomination, liturgy or not, etc. 




 I dont think I'd be able to. I mean a place of eternal torment or a place of peace.

But then again I dont have kids yet. 




 What do you guys make of this? 









 I think I will be voting for Doug Oliver. Seems like the guy for me! Someone that cares about schools!  




 I recognize that name and how terrible our city is because of that family.  




 Title 




 Strength-endurance gains vs strength itself? 




 Eww 




