




 It's called Seaglass Beach. You can find it on Google maps. 




 It's a button from a U.S. Marine service uniform. :) 




 I live in Japan and can confirm this. It was the first thing I noticed when I moved here and changed to a Japanese phone. 




 I thought it was funny. :) 




 The casing is very corroded. I posted a few pics of the bottom earlier... Here you go... 

http://i.imgur.com/iq1IZT7.jpg 




 http://i.imgur.com/tAe52fS.png 




 It's beautiful here! Snorkeling and diving paradise! The beaches are pristine. I love it! 




 They were just sitting on top, mixed in with coral and shells. 




 It's worn. 

http://i.imgur.com/iq1IZT7.jpg
 




 Absolutely! I didn't even know about this! 




 http://i.imgur.com/iq1IZT7.jpg 




 Here is a pic. The only letter I can make out is a C.... 

http://i.imgur.com/iq1IZT7.jpg 
 




 It was our first time. We loved it! Very secluded and beautiful! 




 No. It's no different than finding bullets from the civil war in a field or Indian arrowheads. If it was found in a national park or a preserve, then it would be different. There are protected sites on the island where the main battles took place, just like any other country would have. You can't remove items from those areas. 




 I had to look! The back of the button is really corroded. I can't make anything out. :( 




 Where did you find the rifles?? Did you use detectors? We are starting to venture to the less known areas and finding some really awesome stuff. This is our first WWII find tho. 




 I went to Seaglass Beach. 




 Haha! One is an engagement ring and the other is the wedding ring.  




 Okinawa was a major turning point in the war. When the US took Okinawa, it was the first giant step toward Japan's surrender. The history here is incredible. There are many memorials throughout the island.  




 They are a rare find now, especially on the more popular beaches. Most are now found with a metal detector. I went to a beach off the beaten path looking for seaglass and found these. It was pretty exciting. 




 The item on the left is a bullet casing; the right is a US Marine uniform button.

Edit: Wording. 









 It's just north of Nago. 




 This is at least 2km from a paved road.  




