 So what if Kanye did it, Kanye is a bell as well but doesn't claim to be a comedian.

Paul Kaye has done it, Sacha Baron Cohen has done it plus more I can't think of off the top of my head 




 It really isn't, it's just been done before by far superior comedians rather than an attention seeking wanker clinging to his dying fame 




 Ran out with city players on a warm up, jumped in photos with the England team jetting off, stormed the stage at Glastonbury when Kanye was playing and I'm sure there are others that I'm forgetting. All those he was chastised for as it was twattish, he's done the same here but he's been lucky that's why I said he lucked out that everyone is saying it's funny. If it wasn't blatter everyone would just call him a bell per usual like he is. He's also the "star" of one of the worst shows ever produced called The Lee Nelson Show 




 Because he lucked out, he has done several things like this over the last couple of years and its twattish, it's just that us football fans have been desperate for something, anything which is why this is seen as funny. He is at the very heart of it an unfunny attention seeking bell and one good thing doesn't stop the rest of them being shit. Broken clock etc 




 Too right, he's an attention seeking prick who has lucked out with this one 




 He been trying this for ages, sneaking into the photo with the England team jetting off for Brazil, getting on stage with Kanye at Glastonbury. He's a prick, he's ladbible in comedy form. Genuinely hope he gets locked away in a Fifa gulag hidden under the Swiss mountains forever 




 2 good things have come from this then, great photo of blatter and hopefully never have to see him do "comedy" ever again 









 She was my ex's tutor for orthoptics and said she was really nice. Her daughter Rebecca always suffered with anorexia and she passed away a couple of months ago. Gail then found out that she had a brain tumour and sadly passed. Horrible really 




 Meant same if not more as Stones but Shaw did play in the game against Costa Rica 




 I love how much you hate United, it's top seeing a "Southampton" fan go on

Also Rio had played in champs league and World Cup and shaw had the same if not a bit more experience 




 Obligatory Ronan fucking up Ravenous from Annihilation
http://imgur.com/dRs25Hv 




 "You will make a big loss"

IF we do actually sell him and according to L'Equipe we aren't going to sell for less than 75 million euros which PSG don't want to pay 




 How unlucky for Crolla, thought he set the tempo and he was looking good even without the deductions. Not great. I am pretty gutted for Crolla though after coming back like he has  




 Quigg started cold in the first but holy shit what a 2nd round. Really happy for the lad 




 We subbed in youngsters as well, I'm not saying you were shit or flaming I was explaining why United didn't look great as well. Surprisingly not playing for 2 months can affect how a game is played. 




 K. Also it's you're. You're obviously just a troll, can't believe I've wasted part of my life with you 




 The dirty American team who have played more games and are in better shape or a new team having to learn a new formation/philosophy. Easy isn't it making excuses. And Depay and Darmian and Schweinsteiger add a couple of youngsters like McNair and Pereira who are just breaking into the first team 




 Only seeing an arsehole here mate 




 Ok...it's still the very first game these players have played in 2 months with new players to integrate and the whole 11 swapped at half time, it's not going to be cohesive. Dunno what Chivas must be like first game of pre season 




 It's the very first game of pre season and we swapped our whole 11 at half time, not exactly going to be going full whack  




 No he could be sold for 10p it's just that that's what Valencia will ask for as they don't have to sell and will want as much as they can possibly get for him 




 The legend himself 




 Ah sachin nakrani, a man more famous for...other things than football reporting 




