




 Charlie Day could pull off the Joker in a more colorful Batman 




 I was thinking Mr. Norton 




 pshh, passworD1 




 To be sincere it looks as if this photo was taken in the early 90's.   It's 2015! Make it look a little modern with that essence of the old arcade, ya know?   You can always adjust, but don't wait till all the hype is gone.   Good luck! 




 I wanna know exactly how Chris came to Giovanni Ribisi.   What other people popped in your head?    




 That was fun 









 No you don't. 









 Or wii tennis  




 Shake Weight trophy.    




 Evolution friend.   They should be fine.    









 I only saw tiger when I read the headline and I thought the thumbnail looked like some new crazy tiger species eye made from carbon fiber.  I was stoked.  Well, I'm a 16th level ranger in advanced dungeons and dragons. 




 Aw yes.   The biggest black hole we know of  




 [Here](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/26/Richard_Roundtree_1973.JPG) 




 You're damn right Elon Musk! 




 I know, it's not him 









 no one ever told u haha 




 *Anyone thinking to be batman in real life, this is how it would play out* 




 Research and equip every machine with new hardware/software? They wont do that.   We are heading in a different era for renting movies and games and they will hold out is long as they can.  Which will be awhile, but I'm sure they have their foot in the door for another venture in movies/gaming. 




 They brick it up and yet they dont even graffiti their own wall.   wtf?  Hope they get caught and have to clean that train for a year 




 Did u end up cutting two markers?    




 https://i.imgur.com/KDabK69.jpg 




 Everyone got a free puppy attending the wedding.   
I took a couple extra  









 This would be an amazing shot in a movie with a nuclear explosion/mushroom cloud in the background filling in a tree  




 Must be opening the bathroom door. 




 Died a horrible death of love and sex.   May he rip  




 http://imgur.com/QEzE54a 




 Forget that!   We know they will listen now.   Think of using them in the field.   Imagine no tunnel or cave would be safe with these guys on our team.   We need to militarize them!   




 Followed by hub as you type it in your chrome
Browser which essentially does a Google search.  




 We don't have Katie or Victoria, but at least we have each other.    




 We may not have Victoria anymore, but we still got Katie 




 Thought it was the singers 




 Ya congratz 




 Doug Funny? 




 Ah Black the other beta raptor 




 Ah Black the other beta raptor 




 Ah Black the other beta raptor 




 it looks like a dead dog 




 Someone asked when this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUOhpQDDME4) came out where all the avg looking/non skilled people were.   Well we found them! 




 [Just never turn your back to the cage.](http://gallery.photo.net/photo/9544156-md.jpg) 




 SpaceX is really taken a step back 




 For 1 second he thought about blaming you for what had just happened
 




 Wait till the drones can fight back. 




 unless you are the Punisher 




 Could just be a rumor  




 Those girls are locked into their wedding photo smiles that they been practicing now for the last month.   Ain't nothing breaking that shit.   




 Agreed.  Saturday I walked into one of those BB mobile stores to see if they had any of the fitbit watches.   Sure enough they had every variation behind the counter.  I wanted to buy one so I asked the girl if I could look at it and her response was, "Why?  The box doesn't really tell you anything."  Thats really the only reason I go to the BB store is to feel and look at the product.   I did purchase one right after, but that girl was still a bitch.   




 Thought out titles that go along with the image seem to always receive the most upvotes.  




 Cant believe not one person tried googling this guy 




 True, but  they look worse by his size.    Man if I had someone taking pics of me every time I went out and they were plastered all ove 




 unlimited hand jobs 














 reminds me of skinners art 














 It's a joke. 




 At least it's not money.   Money has no value. 




 Oh man I'm doomed on this.   Whoopsie  









 She fucking went for it.  She went for the damn loopy loop in the tunnel.   









 Don't play dead or you might get your head blown off? 




 /u/thatkevinsmith 









 Could you please link the new books?   









 Hexes 




 I know.  I heard that mother fucker gives random strangers advice n he is really kind.  
 




 Jk he's not a dick.   




 Peaks* 




 All I see is that confession bear hugging a tree  




 I dunno why, but this reminded me of sex.   




 I swear he's in new movies.   I was shocked  




 I'm pretty sure the Halo community, thanks to Bungie  




 Dude you are 26 
Plenty of time to go see shit.  
Don't feel bummed.   Feel joy and excitement that you will get to experience that stuff soon for the first time.    
N don't you fkn tell me you won't.    




 Exactly what I thought it was gonna look like not know Target or Kmart toy phone.    




 Should have bicycle kicked it to the D line 




 Im more overwhelmed with all the other podcast. I have no trouble keeping up with Nerdist.   

Podcast in the shower.  Podcast when I sleep.   I even listen to podcasts in my motherfuckin jeep.    




 Is that double sided sticker tape to hold it against the wall?  




 And it's driven by Hellboy, but opposite hand syndrome Hellboy.   One small hand.  




 I read it fine.  I just really wanna know if he popped his tire.   




 Ms. Soandso is also selling puppies.    




 Roy philipose.   He was a super genius who Elon Musk failed to hire.   We will never know his full potential.    




 Make sure to dump out all lakes in MN if you live here 




 Weird weird I saw this also
 




 What I see

*Fuck you, Im taking the kid!* 




 Yuck.  Well there goes my appetite.  Now u can't eat this baby.   




 Just think of the size fish you would catch  




 I know Lego has to have their pieces made to the finest measurement otherwise they don't work.  Will we be able to duplicate Lego sets in the future?   














 [Enjoy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7lwkojqTtO0 feature=youtu.be) 




 What Pokemon is this?  









 Joe rogan
Kevin Smith
 









 Wet Willy?  









 Oh man I wanna sink my teeth into that  




 Just happen to my gf.    She is a bartender and server at night.    She asked to volunteer at this new dentist cause she fell in love with the place after a cleaning.   She started going in for a couple hours, couple days a week.  They ended up liking her they just put her on the payroll.    

She's going back to school for dental so that's why it peaked her interest so much.     




 Lost him today.   No friends left  









 Just the old Kamehameha handshake.   Nothing to see here 
 




 My buddy just got hired with some drone company who just received 3mil start up.   It's in ND  




 Who determines the contribution amount?   




 Prequel 

**Get Hard Little Boy**  *Featuring* Kevin Hart 




 LPT:  Do a fake sneeze when in a situation like this one.    Make the loudest sneezing noise so everyone around hears.   All of this must be done while you perform the biggest  spit take directly on this child's hand.    




 Yes and his family sell burgers.  Crazy stuff  




 Since he is the real Aquaman now. Or is he the real life Vince?   




 Unless you're broke.   




 What about variables.   Things going on in life?   Played my with a friend around?    




 Also, Batman.  




 http://imgur.com/b4tUoJ3
My lil guy when I'm taking a shit.   




 I think it's the little feet 




