 Glad to know you're enjoying what is my terrifyingly real experience. Don't worry, I will post if anything else happens. 




 You know, it's funny you should mention silver bullets. Before he passed out, T kept saying,"I swear to god, it was a skinwalker..."

Now, I laughed at him, but I heard it too. It did sound like it teleported from the neighbors shed to the side of my house. But, like I wrote, it sounded a bit lower in pitch, making me and G pretty sure, there were at least 2. 




 Before it got dark today I did just that. I was looking for tracks beside the house. I didn't see any. I also checked around the shed. Behind it is a lot of, well, trash and crap. I didn't see any tracks but it did appear some things had been moved and there was a spot by the corner of the shed (whereabouts we heard it growl/howl both nights) that seemed the grass and weeds were pressed down. Like something had been sitting or standing there. 




 It started a few weeks ago, my boyfriend was going to his car. He did a visible double-take and said he thought he saw something next to his car, slouching. I asked him if he thought it was a neighborhood dog, he said it was way too big. He and I looked around, but saw nothing.

Flash forward to this past Friday. My boyfriend, his stepbrother, and I were sitting on the back porch, talking and trying to build a fire in the fire pit. We heard this loud, high pitched sound coming from the tall weeds behind where the cars are parked. It sounded large and aggressive. His stepbrother and I had never heard this sound before and we were taken aback. My boyfriend, however, stopped talking and said,"Holy shit! I swear to god, I heard that same animal the other morning when I got home from work, only it was a deeper sound and it sounded like it was in mourning. It was really sad to listen to, it sounded so sad." Immediately, I wanted to go inside. Whatever it was sounded pretty close and pretty big. It didn't sound exactly nice, either. But, being as men are, my boyfriend and his stepbrother got out a super bright flashlight and laser lights and started to aim it right where we'd heard the cry. After a few minutes of this, I went inside and watched through the glass door, the guys seemed alright and the light show devolved into a bit of fun as they shined the green and blue lasers on the shed behind the house and I figured we were alright, so I went back outside. We resumed sitting on the porch and I had the cat, Tiny, in my lap. He was almost passed out, purring and snuggling with me. We had pretty much all but forgotten the noise earlier and had given up on the fire. It was maybe 20 minutes later when we heard the cry again, this time it was much closer, behind the shed, maybe 40ft from us. Tiny shot out of my lap and ran, somewhere, it's hard to say because my boyfriend, his stepbrother, and I were like a shot, too. We ran for the back door like our lives depended on it. "Whoa, what the fuck was that!?," I said. My boyfriend just kept saying, "it was over behind the shed, wtf?!" His stepbrother was white as a sheet. We were pretty freaking spooked. I know I have never heard anything like that, ever. I couldn't place what I'd heard to any animal I've ever heard. We went into the living room, turned on the tv, and decided to sit in. We heard some sounds like heavy steps on the back porch, my boyfriend swears he heard the sound again, but he thought it was by or on the back porch.

Then came Sunday. My roommate came home from a business trip, and we were sitting on the back porch, just talking about life. We both stopped when we heard a sound from the foresty area behind the house, beyond the field. He looked up and said,"What was that? I've never heard that before." (He's lived here 15 years, btw.) A few minutes later he and I went in. He had work in the morning and had to be up and out by 5:30am, so we said our goodnights, and I went to bed.

Monday. It started out like a very nice day. I went with my boyfriend to my parents, my aunt was visiting from Virginia with her three boys and my boyfriend had to leave for work around 9:45pm. We said our goodbyes and it had been decided my brothers would give me a ride home. We left around midnight and the instructions from my dad were they were to drop me off and go straight home. We should have listened. But, being as family is, my brothers wanted to hang out for a bit. We went inside to get refreshments, and I went outside real quick to light the lantern. I went back in for a second to tell them we should sit outside, it was cool out and a clear night. We walked outside and I saw the lantern was out, there was almost no wind. "Weird, that thing has a big wick, maybe it's out of fluid?" I relit the latern, it burned bright, it wasn't out of fluid. We all sat down and played with Tiny, talked about what we were up to, video games, etc. That's when I heard it. It was far off, by the foresty area. It sounded like a deep, long howl. It almost sounded aggressive. I immediately recognized it from the other night. I said,"Did you hear that?" My brother (we'll call him T) said,"Yeah, I heard that. I wasn't going to say anything, but I did. It sounded, like a dog, but not a dog." My other brother (we'll call him G) said he hadn't heard anything. I told them we should go in, that I'd heard this thing before and last time it sounded like it got really close. They looked at me like I must be exaggerating and we kept on talking. Maybe 15 minutes went by when G sat straight up and said, "What the fuck was that?" Neither T nor I had heard anything and he started pointing by the shed and was about to say something when we heard it. A very loud howl, growl sound. It was over by the neighbors shed and it was overrun by another, lower pitched howl, growl. It was on the fucking side of the house, not 20 ft from us. We immediately shot up and bolted at the back door. I have never moved so fast in my life. Whatever it was, there was more than one. And it was close, sounded big, and aggressive. I was the last one in, being pushed out of the way in the mad dash to the door. I locked the door behind me. We were really scared. It was so close to us. We all started talking at once. "What the fuck was that?!" "I've never heard anything like that before!" "There was more than one, omg, it was like surrounding us!" We migrated to the living room. G decided that whatever, whoever it was, had to be dealt with. He has this big pocket knife, grabbed it and told T to come with him. T looked scared but didn't want to look like a wuss to his younger brother, so he went with him. I begged them to not go outside. The neighborhood dogs, save for one, didn't bark. In fact, it was weird, as loud as these howls were, there was no reaction. I think that creeped me out all the more. Were they as scared of whatever it was as we were? These dogs bark at everything and everyone, but hadn't made a peep. I was still telling my brothers to not go outside, but they disregarded me, this thing had to be found and dealt with. T and G went outside, they had me lock the door behind them. I paced by the door, peeked and saw them on the porch, talking. I thought, maybe we are being silly, but no sooner had that thought gone through my head when I saw my brothers stiffen and run back to the door. They looked so scared. I unlocked the door and let them inside, locking the door behind them.

"What the hell happened?!" I asked.

"It's still there!!" Said T.

"It's was hitting the side of the shed, slapping it," said G.

We avoided looking out windows for the rest of the night. G and I stayed up as T passed out on the couch. We discussed animals it could have been. Wolves? Coyotes? A bear?? It was definitely big. It was definitely aggressive, and it was more than one. We still don't know what it was. I told my boyfriend, who told G to go kill it. G said he wasn't going back out there. 

My brothers ended up spending the night. In the morning, G, told me he went back outside to see if it was still there, he said he heard it over by the shed, said it sounded like it was trying to break in. Still, no peep from the dogs.

Now, it's Tuesday night/Wednesday morning. I'm sitting alone in my house. My boyfriend is working and my roommate is on another business trip. Everytime I've heard it has been after midnight. I have my .22 nearby. I feel like I'm just waiting, but I refuse to go outside. Not after dark. Not anymore. There is something out there, and it is getting closer everytime I hear it. I don't want to go toe to toe with this thing. Not gonna lie, I'm still quite spooked. 




 I saw them, too. They did look like lights of some kind. 




 I actually knew a family that had a dog allergic to protein. It caused serious issues with their dog but the pet food they needed to buy was outrageously priced.  




 Not for me. He just thinks he should rub it for a few minutes and that's all it takes... so frustrating he isn't willing to learn and if I bring it up he gets upset. 




 Wow, having lived in both the north and south, I can say that what you just said is indeed racist. 




 lolololololol 




 Good to see I am not the only one who wished for a deeper story to Andale. 




 What About Bob is awesome, too. 




 I got it by the third line. I heard it, I loved it. Clever ending. 




 This made me laugh so hard. Thank you 




 I'd contact MUFON or Steven Greer. Or Art Bell. 




 I was thinking, a music box? That almost seems rather personal. 




 I remember a guy sang How Great Thou Art during a youth activity. It was...awkward. 




 They should be saying "for the love of god, don't read the fucking letter, it's bullshit" or something like that. 




 That was my thought exactly. 




 Omg No don't do that!! Hahaha, nah its great out here. Food is fried, you gotta try NC Style BBQ (it is unlike any other bbq), and so much more. But if you visit, make sure to go where they got really great hushpuppies(just ask people, they'll tell you where to go). Dip those in butter and enjoy. That's my favorite way to eat them. 




 Of course we would be picked for something like this... 




 God that pic is so old. I think I saw it back on ebaumsworld or something. Damn. 




 I hope this looks good to you, to me it looks like a heart attack, yet, delicious. Enjoy!!
http://www.newsobserver.com/news/local/article10098542.html 




 In North Carolina, we have that every year at the fair. We also deep fry donuts, oreos, snickers bars, onions, and pretty much everything is fried. It is awesome, come down some time! People here are friendly! 




 Weird!! 




 Pao is nuts. 




 Oh man, this comment soooo much 




 If you should happen upon Voat in your searches, I will be the same handle. We may still be friends. Until then, we are comrades in the fight against Pao. Together may we fight and together may we win. 




 Unless something drastically changes I'm afraid we won't have a reddit to call home anymore. We all may have to move to other sites. We will be separated and broken. I will miss reddit. I hope this place can be saved. 




 Indeed. Toke on fellow ent! 




 They are going to do all the moving themselves! Good riddance. 









 I didn't realize it was so serious, ok then 




 TalesofFatHate is gone. 




 NP link? 




 Holy shit, I thought that was just a myth. 




 Someone needs to make this into a meme. 




 Haha 




 I know! It is crazy to know this actually exists out there, gives me hope for the post apocalyptic world!! 




 I thought it looked like one of the shacks you'd run across in FO3 or New Vegas.  




 I hope you wastelanders enjoy this as much as I did!

This wasn't my post, but was given blessing to post it over here. Original post has even more fallout goodness inside, complete with a dog and what might be a workbench ;) 









 I think OP should post this as a crossover in r/fallout. 




 It was the first thing that came to mind. Thank you for posting this. Long live the Goblin King! 




 So much happy 




 Whoa. Wait. I think I missed something  here. Seriously? Jet Packs?!?! 




 Seeing that brought me so much joy! My desire is now great to have something similar in my collection. Thank you!!! 




 Lol, good call! I miss that show. I also have a very large bowl called Hermes. I want the whole damned collection.  




 Given all the drama today on reddit, I'm so glad you weren't censored in writing up this happy bit. I can't smoke right now due to circumstances, please, toke one for me. And accept my upvote. You made me smile. 




 The right idea, you have!!! 




 Maybe a shitlord... 




 I have a pipe I named Amy Wong. This just validated it for me :) 




 Why wasn't the rest of the west wing evacuated? And why did they move the press secretary to his office, mere yards away from the press room? Not even the president was evacuated. Something smells screwy here. 




 I always loved cannibalism. Cuz it helped keep karma down, hope they kept that, and eating abominations, too. 




 Fox.com/gone

Also, I have seen extra parts on fb that are shorter 'behind the scenes' clips that show extra things not in the Gone clips. 




 I did. It didn't go well. He's an ass and uses his position to try and instill the fear of god, or really himself, into you. I really dislike this man. 




 You do realize it is hard to read emotions through text, right? Maybe you should be more clear next time. Anyways, this train is moving and no ambivalence or negativity will be allowed here. Get Off! 




 They'd be justified 




 Like a Tails to your Sonic? This isn't a terrible idea. 




 Get off the Hype Train. You don't belong here, and no, you can't keep your caps. They become property of the conductor if ejected from the train.
Reason: you have a negative attitude towards a game you've not even laid eyes on yet. 




 Fried cram is amazing! 




 Do it. You will reap karma for your preparations. 




 We all started at that bottom. Choo Choo! 




 This comments needs gold, I'm poor so all I can give you is my up vote and I also saved you a seat on the Hype train. 




 That is honestly really sad. 




 Steve already read the books. 




 That poor woman!! 




 My bob didn't show up. I never got the option for building the outdoor opera house which was supposed to unlock him. Is there anything I can do? 




 I will have to give it a go. I'm sure it won't be too bad,but it is hard to beat steak. Js 




 Unless it is fried, I usually won't touch turkey. I don't gorge myself on red meat, because you really shouldn't. That spaghetti does sound good, but I would at least have some red meat every few days. Btw, I'm 5'3@115. So I'm not looking to really lose, just eat healthier. 




 That sounds like a form of child abuse. Giving a baby weight gaining medication, what the absolute fuck?! 




 I was really excited about this, then you had to cut out red meat. I couldn't do that :( 




 I cried. 




 I cried like a little girl while constantly restarting all my devices, realizing I don't know what the internet is for without Reddit. 




 I almost cried for twin peaks. Now I've shifted my attention on to Wayward Pines. 




 I would be ok with motorcycles. They could become damaged and require fixing, and you'd still need to actually climb mountains, or swim if you needed to go through water.

Honestly, though, I'd be tickled pink for sprint. 




 I was quite broke at the time so no taxi. It was only a few blocks, but it could have easily been the last time I walked free again. It was in the daytime, too. Close by UCF, which makes sense. Lots of easy prey around there if you are looking to nab girls. I definitely feel lucky I followed my gut to watch the vehicle. Looking back I almost could swear I felt being watched before I saw the guy, but that could just be hindsight.

If you ever have a daughter, I'd recommend she knows some self defense, or carries at least mace with her. I ran, yeah, but I would be willing to bet running isn't always an option. Luck was in my favour that day. But still, it was so scary. 




 Let me just say, if you don't play along you will be visiting with the Dean. A lot. I am so sorry you have to go. 




 When I lived in Orlando, I had a fight with my ex. He left me to walk home a few blocks. On the way home I saw a black suv with dark tint windows. The front passenger window was down and a man with black sunglasses was staring at me. It seemed odd, but I kept walking and watched as he pulled a u-turn. I thought he must've been going the wrong way, but kept an eye on the vehicle and watched as it pulled another u-turn and came back toward me. The guy sped up and turned into a side street where he abruptly stopped halfway in the turn and was partly on both roads. He jumps out of the suv, wearing a black suit, nice black shoes, black hair, and starts hauling ass towards me shouting Hey! Stop! at me. I never have ran so fast in my life. I ran down the sidewalk til I saw some bushes and people. I started yelling at them, but they never looked up at me. I ran behind the bushes and when I turned around the guy, and his suv, were gone. It was terrifying. I cried the rest of my way home, so scared the man would come back. When I got home, I immediately told my ex who told me I made the whole thing up just to make him feel bad for making me walk home. It wasn't long after that I found out about the sex slave trade and how many girls in Orlando disappear annually. My ex was a bastard, for the record. But that event, I try to really not think about, it makes my heart race with fear still thinking about it. 




 I believe it. Trust me. 




 That story is terrifying. Brought back a memory for me. So glad to hear she got away. 




 What is there to discuss? Obviously a wonderful and govt funded program such as D.A.R.E. leaves no room for that as they are a fact driven program meant to educate and protect children. /s 




 Haha! 




 I have actually been considering writing this up for r/exmormon at some point. Maybe I should, it has been years now, so I suppose it should be safe. The memories still make my blood boil tho. 




 I can confirm, he is a dick. I have no respect for him after my personal experience with him at BYU-I, it really solidified my dislike of the church after dealing with him. Not only did he scare me, he was very condescending to me and I had the realization that the spirit of discernment did not exist. Then I found out later he became a GA. I was very upset. I dislike that man very strongly.  




 I remember doing this in YW. It always made me feel warm and fuzzy. But I would never have written 'we know where you live'. That sounds like a threat. 




 I had a high school friend with this ability. It was neat. She could also do other things, me and my sister tested her and tried to trick her. We couldn't, it only made us want to know more. I have yet to meet another person with her ability, which was really strong. 




 What is Dark City? I have never heard of that one. 




 I love their podcasts! Hilarious as all get out and they always have their bs radars on, but they will entertain just about any idea. Much better than what Coast has become and a go to for the weird, strange, and unusual. 




 Thank you! I can't wait to watch this!! 




 Could someone post a link so I can watch it online?  




 Kinda. More like the sound of being grossed out. 




 I, I noticed that, too. I found it unsettling. Eugh. 














 I felt really bad for Kendall, too. She, out of all the girls, looked most upset. =( 




 ThirdPhaseofHoax put this out, haha. Hoax 




 Terrifying. 




 I just saw it too. I swear it put everything together. Some parts I'm a little fuzzy on, but I left the movie really wanting gravity surfing boots.  




 If russia gives disclosure would it be recognized as truth in America? 




 Wow. I'd be furious. Did you see how tight she held the script? She really wants her daughter in ALDC. It's almost unhealthy. 




 Thank you! I really look forward to this! 




 I would like to know more. Are his writings translated into English? 




 Do it! 




 I find there are some parallels.
1. The LDS has temples, Scientology has Training Centers.
2 They both have a Leader.
3. They both require time, and lots of it, from their members.
4. They both require money to use their temples and training centers.
5. They both have programs that take them away from family and friends. Missions for LDS and Sea Org for Scientology.
There are more, but I am tired. I've really looked into Scientology, even considered joining at one point. As time went on the less and less I wanted to join, however. They require too much of their members money. You can't leave without them harassing you, and it's much more intense than love bombing an inactive members house with candy and paper hearts riddled with scripture and "We miss you!" notes scribbled in Beehive handwriting. Missionaries go for 2years. But scientology has the Sea Org. This is a Million Year contract they get youth to sign up for. They are paid for their work, but it's slave wages. The men at the top of scientology are insane. 




