




 A very old photo album was found in the parking lot of our business the other day and it does not belong to anyone at our company.

It may have been stolen and then later dumped in our lot. 

There are pages and pages of old portraits dating back to the 1800s and in very good condition.

This has to be someones prized possession and I would really like them to have it back. 

Witholding photos so the owner can be verified. If you think it is yours please pm me. 




 I have had a nail fall off a rabbit I was trimming (they had been left to grow too long and it must have been damaged running around or something). The quick was sticking out and there was no nail left on it, the nail was on the ground and I looked and there was a hollow place inside where the quick fit. 

If this is similar to what is going on with your rabbit - I wouldn't worry as long as she isn't bleeding profusely. Also, what sneaky_dragon advised about keeping an eye on it for infection. You can put a little neosporin on it - just use the kind without pain relief. 

Make sure the other nails are trimmed up short so they don't get damaged, and buy some styptic power (kwik-stop). If you ever have a nail problem in the future you can put a little of that on to stop the bleeding.  




 Your growth pics should have told them it was working! It looks amazing and I wish my first year garden looked half as good. 




 Came here to say this.
 




 Practice! This video is great for learning. And have styptic powder on hand in case you do clip the quick - it stops bleeding quickly. 

http://www.howcast.com/videos/514678-how-to-trim-your-rabbits-nails-pet-rabbits/

u/domcolosi is right - your rabbit has light nails. You should be able to see the pink quick inside the clear nail. The ideal is to leave about 1/8" length past the quick and cut it at an angle so the nail will lay flat on the floor. 

http://www.disabledrabbits.com/uploads/1/2/8/8/12889966/3751251_orig.jpg 




 I thought so 




 Yeah cuz everyone wants to get tattooed by a creeper. 




 What is this guy? 




 So when I leave them bone dry they get really shriveled - it is super hot out here even though I am keeping them in shade with only indirect light while getting started. I cut them all about a week and a half ago and had them piled up in the black plastic pots so they could callus over. I have just been misting them daily which seems to be keeping them perky so far... when I tried watering every few days on another startup at least 50% of them died.  :-/ 




 SO COOL 




 I have sort of become known as the succulent lady and keep being given succulents. I have gotten to work sorting them into mixed pots.  









 Not that he was anything special by the time of the vid - but Hasselhoff drunk on the floor of the bathroom with a cheeseburger was image-ruining 









 looks like it! 




 terrifying. 




 Yes updates please! 




 SO here. The rescue we are looking at adopting from also has a "trial period" - so if the bird really isn't working out with our current bird we can try another. So we do have it in mind that it is a companion for the current bird, but we are aware that it is also a new pet for us and we should like the bird.

As far as keeping them caged separately and taking it slow - we have to keep the bird for 90 days in a separate room from our bird before even letting them interact in neutral territory - so we will get plenty of time to get to know the bird ourselves before trying out the bond. 

Thanks for the input! 




 I just shook it a little and they rained down all around the plant - guess they will start if they start haha.

Thanks for the link! 




 I posted a pic of my blooming plant a while back and now it is dried up and hollow with little white flakes like dandruff inside. Is this a succulent seed pod?  Link to pics: http://imgur.com/a/B2tFO 




 Is that what it's called? Cool, I was so surprised to go out and see that one, and then there is another bud all ready to go!  









 Everyone is only saying how the people died, not how they dealt with it or if they felt supported. Sigh.  




 Best bunny birthday cake ever! 




 things i never thought i'd learn in r/sex 




 wtf is scrapple? 




 What a great photo! Perfect timing and very crisp - love it!  









 mad world - donnie darko 




 Did you bond them? 




 Exactly. Besides, half of what I found interesting about Negan was [] (/c "his interactions with Carl. I think Carl needs to go through some shit and get his eyepatch before they bring in the big bad guy." ) 




 Same thing happens to me. The ones I'm not paying attention to propagate.  Anything I try to just dies 




 I don't understand why everyone thinks Negan is coming so soon. In the comics [] (/c "they were attacked by Scavengers -maybe the wolves?- which drew a large herd of walkers and Carl loses his eye during them trying to fight off the Walkers. The hilltop gets introduced before Negan ever shows up. I'm betting on a finale where Carl gets shot in the face and no one knows if he will be alive for the next season or not.") 




