 X1 for 300 can be often found on sale. Amazon had it earlier,  so did Walmart.  




 I travel about 175-225 days a year for work while keeping my health. It's not easy but my rule is,  decent filling breakfast (yogurts,  fruit,  etc).  Lunch is usually provided for me,  but keep it small. For dinner never a starter or desert. Just a main course and a coffee. Pick something light. 

Exercise wise: body weight training for at least 30 minutes a day,  if the hotel has a gym,  use it. I also go for a 30 minute run every morning before the start of the day (depending on location,  if it's a safe place I am visiting I will go for a run,  if not I will do it in the hotel gym,  if no gym available,  no run,  but 30 minutes of jump robe in the hotel room or garden). 

Take it easy with alcohol. Better yet,  don't drink during weekdays (hard in some cultures).  




 Sounds like my perfect flatmate. 









 On that note. Many starting keto people don't eat enough fibres early on. 

Don't try to compensate by eating nearly 300 grams of linseed in one go. 

"Release the Kraken" doesn't even begin to describe the horror that caused.  




 I drink 1 beer on Saturday and 1 beer on Sunday. Has never kicked me out of keto.

If you want to get smashed safely: hard spirits without sugar. 




 Ah yes. Porn regret. Honey,  if you want to make money with your body,  that's fine. But go escorts then. Make more money and stay out of the limelight.  




 Jewish museum charging for photography. And you wonder why a stereotype comes into existence.  




 And yet he will not win. I'm willing to bet on it. 

My bet goes to Jeb. (this does not mean I support him,  but it's the rational choice here).  




 Ignorance is bliss my friend. Keep on fapping.  




 All the big one. National galleries,  etc.  




 I go to a museum weekly. I have never,  ever had any issues with taking pictures. 




 This literally prevents nothing. 

Buy android phone in Japan. Custom rom.  Done. 

Pervs gone perv.  




 5 grand for a single scene,  plus all expenses to get her there. Not in 5000 years my friends. Even well known porn stars make a lot less than that. 

I'm not saying that what happened to her is not true,  but something is fishy.  




 Instructions unclear. Am now without eyebrows.  




 Thanks!  




 Thanks!  




 I'm new to this whole Xbox One thing and just downloaded AC: Black Flag. Does this mean I have to hand over that game to get these? 

Also,  I do not recognise the box art,  which games are these for the Xbox One?  




 3 years ago I ate at Jiro. Made reservations 3 months before and postponed my trip a week to make it happen as fine dining is my number 1 hobby and I aim at at least 2 Michelin stars a month (2*1 or 1*2) and know quite about about good food. 

I would like to point out that almost all of the quality is from his son. Jiro does some QA but that's about it. Honestly I believe his son will take it to a higher level when Jiro steps back completely. Jiro did the first 25 miles of his sushi marathon,  but his son did the final stretch. 

If you aspire to eat there bring between 400 and 600 USD a person (depending on the exchange rate)  and be aware that this is not a place where you sit down for hours. It's pretty much in and out. 




 Anyway, like I was sayin, corn is the fruit of the field. You can barbecue it, boil it, broil it, bake it, saute it. Theres corn-kabobs, corn creole, corn gumbo. Pan fried, deep fried, stir-fried. Theres pineapple corn, lemon corn, coconut corn, pepper corn, corn soup,  corn stew, corn salad, corn and potatoes, corn burger, corn sandwich. That, thats about it. 




 Same to you buddy.  




 More meat,  more masterrace. Logic checks out. Disgusting logic that is.  




 1 cast iron skillet. 

1 sheet metal debuyer skillet. 

2-3 no brand stainless steel pots. 

Couple of steel spatulas

Couple silicone spatulas 

Whisk 

Some glass or stainless steel bowls.  




 I was going to say the same. Texdroider works well.  




 Custom dpi software.  




 560 is not the native dpi of the display.  493 is. 

Display size: 5.19"  2.92" = 15.18in (13.19cm  7.42cm = 97.92cm) at492.82PPI, 0.0515mmdot pitch 242872PPI

So yes,  I can appreciate the Nexus 6s native dpi. At 493.

 




 I run my Nexus 6 at its native 493 dpi. It's amazing.  




 Mango 




 Got hired in a new job as a department manager. Looked at what the guys were doing. Spend 1 weekend writing an excel sheet with macros and other fancy excel magic. 

Cut workload by 80%. 10 employees were transferred to different departments.

80% reduction in workload. Excel. What the fuck.  




 I work 80 hours a week. I have very little friends,  never have. 1 or 2 good ones. When I do t work I stay at home with my wife,  she's the same. Some people might call me lonely. I'm happy like this.  




 You are now senior party member.  




 When I was 15 there hardly was any Internet. Most of us didn't have a cell phone. Doing stupid shit would be categorised as "boys being boys". 

Nowadays you do something stupid you get in trouble with the law,  it's shared world wide and everyone can see your behaviour,  not just a select group of friends. Legends were born in that time. 


Being 15 in this day and age must suck.  




 Bring down shitton of platinum. Supply and demand kicks in. Platinum worthless.  




 Not in the UK.  




 It was over a year since the breakup....  




 Thank you.  




 No idea.  




 Proof it.  




 Probably.  




 No.  




 Well that escalated quickly.  




 That's adorable!  




 I don't understand this reference.  




 I await more stories about Ted.  




 He pressed accept. They matched,  meaning she also pressed accept. It's very awkward.  




 Poodles are pretty much the smartest breed around. Only Border Collies are more clever. 




 We had this in the Netherlands and Germany 4 years ago....  




 I have a Corgi too. He's stupid as shit. Or he's just an asshole. Either way I love him.  




 Some direct translations don't work so well to English.  




 Who?  




