




 It's set up so it takes 1,000 years to mine. There was a pre-mine that was supposed to be set aside in a vault in Antarctica. More was to be used to purchase an office building. They had a bus tour scheduled in NY to scout out locations for their office tower. And users would be able to purchase oceanfront real estate near other like-minded Marinecoin faithful. Not sure whether this oceanfront RE was supposed to be in NY or Antarctica. The thing is, it wasn't a joke. When you talked to the people, they were dead serious...like a cult or something. It may still exist, I haven't heard lately.  




 It must be nice to be "on" on a day when you have a doubleheader. He's having a great year.  




 Marinecoin. 









 Exactly. The sacrificial liberal challenger. It used to be a mainstay of Democratic primaries to have someone left-of-mainstream who could get young people, unions, and traditional constituencies fired up and ready to pound the pavement for the mainstream candidate when they eventually make peace. Nice to see Sanders catching some attention.   




 Doubt it.  




 Once in awhile, Max Keiser gets it right! Kudos to him for researching this enough to understand its enormous potential.  









 From the thumbnail pic, I honestly thought that was a bolt of lightning. Gorgeous. 




 Exactly.  




 You guys deserve much, much better. 




 Right on. I never knew how good my hometown announcers were until I started listening to MLB.com's TV and radio feeds. The White Sox team is one of the worst I've heard, just ghastly. How fans put up with those clowns is beyond me.  




 Second breakfast, please.  




 Drafting a popular running mate from Florida or Ohio? A Republican candidate could put Scott Walker on the ticket, since he comes with the Koch Brothers wagonload of cash. Bush's opponents (both his GOP rivals and Hillary Clinton) should mention his quote that Americans need to work longer hours. If they handle it well, there should be no way Bush wins the presidency after saying something like that.  




 Nothing wrong with being dickish. I thought maybe you were one of those posters who hadn't seen a mountain before, so I was attempting to do my part for education. Glad you know your business.   




 At a certain altitude, plants and trees do not grow any higher. When you're in high mountain ranges, this is referred to as the treeline, the point at which the rocky or snowy parts of the mountain emerge above the greenery below. 




 Great picture. I like how the composition looks tight, even though you got a lot of scenery in there. 




 Glad it's worked there. I'd be worried if some of the more profit-minded companies got into providing essential services. But if they can be content with a predictable, fixed return, then it can work. There certainly are some very greedy and poorly run utilities in various parts of this country.   




 The teenagers who put on baseball hats and go trick-or-treating with black plastic garbage bags in their hands are, in my opinion, to old to go trick-or-treating.  




 He's brilliant at understanding some things, but not at others. It's a common fallacy to think that someone's aptitude in one area of life extends to others. Bitcoin is more than economics and it's clearly beyond is expertise. 




 If you truly have the compassion, then you put up with some government waste. Work to make it better, but don't lose the compassion. When you register Republican, just realize that your new team cares little about helping others unless they are mega-corps.  




 Private control of the water supply could lead to decisions driven by profit. Ya think?  




 I'm a huge fan of baseball and all the inane trivia. But this fact provides utterly useless information. Upvoted, nonetheless. 




 The offseason wasn't that rough. It was mighty entertaining. It's the on-season that's been tougher to watch.  




 PeerTracks is onto this and more. 




 Which place do you identify with the most? If it's the state where you go to school, try running a Google search for voter registration in that state. Make sure you register to vote well in advance of the election you wish to vote in (say, at least two months beforehand to be safe). Some states allow provisional voting for last-minute registrations, but don't count on it. If it's your original home state you want to vote in, then even if you aren't physically there for the election, you should be able to vote early or vote by mail. Again, check their requirements.  




 Is there an /r/ skyporn or cloudporn? 




 The country club Republicans say you're not making them rich enough. 




 Bter has been really good about honoring the BitShares snapshots. I'm not sure if the team has talked to them yet about the 2.0 conversion, but it's likely you should be fine. Always best to keep your funds in a wallet. 

EDIT: Bter is having issues with a few coins right now. Not sure if withdrawals are working.  




 As far as I know, the cores/samples from this tree date it at 4841 years old. Quite old, but not nearly 10,000.
http://www.mnn.com/earth-matters/wilderness-resources/photos/the-worlds-10-oldest-living-trees/methuselah
 




 It sounds great and I'm all for equality, but the market (not the government) sets the pay for pro athletes. With few exceptions, womens' sports do not command the kind of TV ratings or sponsorship dollars that allow some male athletes to be grossly overpaid. And even when they seem overpaid, that money comes from somewhere: the public will pay a certain price for entertainment.  




 True, but Japan had near-zero growth for a couple of decades. It didn't drop off the face of the earth. 




 Yes, and it's nice that he spoke out about it. 




 CCEDK, Banx Capital, Peak Venture Group, and now the Nuclear Bunker Data Center, all joining the BitShares network. It's been a busy month! 




 Pack light, bud. 




 It is good. And I have a funny feeling your posting won't get censored by the mods! :) 




 If Jeb's opponents flog that quote to death, it could be worse than Romney's 47% or Papa Bush's 'read my lips'. Bernie has the right idea. 




 Sacrifices must be made for the sake of the rich, who line their pockets when everybody works more.  









 Awesome news. I hope they can confirm transactions fast enough so people aren't sitting around waiting. Really, P2Ps should work together like this.   




 Done. 









 In some countries, that's exactly how this is pronounced.  









