 Frogspawn  




 I don't recommend it. Bought it on a frag plug and this is what it turned into... Gonna stick to sps and lps on the next tank 




 My gf doesn't eat pork so I thought I'd give this a shot. It actually tasted pretty similar to bacon, a bit meatier but I didn't mind that at all

It's basically cured and smoked brisket 
























 This is amazing. 



















 Oh yeah that's totally it! Cool and thanks for the puns :) 




 Haha oh sorry, it's in West Sacramento, CA 









 Hahah why are you getting so mad??  




 Hahah k  




 it will eventually bring the entire thing to 135. You only have to worry about overcooking if you leave it in there for hours on end 









 If the water is 125F... there is no way that once the center reaches 125F that the outside is more cooked... if it is it will be by a few minutes so it won't even make a noticeable difference. 




 I'm in the US.. it came from NZ 




 I like to live dangerously 




 Yeah you're right.. its technically rare (125F) 




 I said in the recipe I posted you need to cook it for at least an hour. It was a 1.5 pound rack so yes an hour in the sous vide brought the internal temp to 125F... exactly what I had my water bath set to. You do not want to cook certain meats for extended periods of time or they will get mushy. That is why I recommended 1-3 hours. For a cheap cut like a short rib or brisket, they can be sous vide up to 72 hours to break down the collagen and tenderize the meat 




 I roasted it for an hour at 400F before adding it to the lamb... its more sweet than bitter 




 Hmm probably something tart like lemon zest 




 Haha I'm sorry :) 




 Might just have to get one. I already have the TS8000 torch 




 throw that in the smoker at 225F until it reaches an internal temp of 203F lol. If you wanted to sous vide it, I'm guessing it would be done around 131-135F for 24-48 hours... 




 i put it on the rack right below... probably 6 inches below the broiler? Didn't flip it 




