 When I was little my mother used to tell me the same bedtime story over and over again. And while it might not sound like anything bad the particular story used to me the not afraid of having monsters under the bed, but it did something worse. The story made me afraid of walking on the carpet with no socks or shoes on and the story goes like this.
Once upon a time when the house was first built it was owned by a lonely man and he was very fond of feet. No one knew when his fetish began, but when it did he obsessed over it to the point where people began to avoid him as much as possible. And it made him go a little crazy, so one day he came up with a plan to cut someone's feet off and keep them, but it didn't go as he expected.
He did find a girl, kidnaped her, and drugged her, but when he left to get his saw, he came back to discovered that she was gone and do you know what happened next? At this point, I would be shivering underneath the covers scared and even though I would nod my head she would continue the story anyway.
The girl snuck behind the man and hit him in the back of the head once, twice, three times with a vase under he finally fell. But that didn't stop the girl from continuing to beat his head until his blood was firmly soaked into the carpet and his head was no longer recognizable. Then the girl left and everyone lived happily ever after, but no really. The man lived a few ways from town and when he suddenly disappeared no one wanted to check on him because they were disturbed of his fetish so people started to pretend he didn't exist and started to pretend that they didn't smell the stench of decay coming from his house.
But exactly one year after his death strange things started happening, people started disappearing and some woke up with their feet missing. But all the reports had one thing in common, all of the events happened when the victim walked barefoot on a carpet. And after the conclusion was made the people in the town just knew that the feet loving man was responsible, so they band together and made way for his house, but when they busted the door down they were surprised at what they saw. 

There was blood on the walls and dripping from the ceiling, there were dead bodies littered everywhere, but no feet to be found. So everyone split up into groups to search the house and some people were left outside due to their weak stomach. The house was stuffy and the dark, but the townspeople didn't care they wanted to find the culprit of the bloodshed and murder and that's exactly what they found. A young woman by the name of Ruby was ahead of the group who were chosen to explore the basement she opened the door and peeked her head through before she shined her flashlight. At first she didn't see anything until she saw a lump in the corner, she thought about yelling behind her and telling her group about what she was about to do but decided against it. She thought it was nothing and wanted to get out of the house as soon as possible, so she kept the door the open and crept slowly and quietly towards the shadow in the corner of the basement. She shined her flashlight on it and dropped it when she finally realized what she was looking at, but that attracted the shadow's attention. 

It was a gray blob of ashen flesh with feet stuck around it, some were so buried into the blob that only toes were visible. And the worst part is that the feet flexed and moved they were alive, some toes on the side of the blob wiggled at Ruby as if in greeting before the mass began to slowly make its way towards her. Poor Ruby was too petrified to move or speak and the only smart thing she did was the thing that saved her. Someone from her group noticed that she was missing and went ahead to find her and got there in time to save her. And when Ruby finally got her breathing under control and told everyone what had happened the monster got out and attack two people already. So the mayor had everyone leave the house and had it closed down, since nobody wanted to kill the monster and no one knew if condemning the house would kill the monster of free it. 

"But why can't I walk on the carpet?" I asked in my scared little child voice.

"Because the monster had to get his feet from somewhere." My mom said in a mushy voice, trying to mimic me. 

"I don't wanna get my feet eaten." I would say in almost crying.

"Well wear shoes or socks to confuse the monster so he won't eat your precious little feet." She said in a chipper voice, before she shuffled from the side of my bed in her house slippers and closed the door to my room, leaving me in darkness. 

And so nosleep I have come here to tell you that I'm going to face my fears and walk barefoot on the carpet of my apartment. I had called my mother to tell her about what I was about to do, but she sounded confused on the phone and told me that she never told me that story before. That gives me even more insurance that it was just my imagination and that there's no monster in the carpet, wish me luck!

 




 How do you know that you have only one to four days to live? 




 Welp, be got what he deserved. But what about the police? 




 You just made me throw up in my mouth. Baby legs... why? That's just so gross. 




 Sooo... we're screwed? 




 Nooo! I don't wanna be a robot, or a gateway, or whatever mehhhh. 




 I wish you the best of luck, and you might wanna take a weapon with you, for saftey reasons of course. You could like... tie up the bald man and torture him into telling you where Sophie is. 




 Nooo! I don't wanna, but fine. 




 What's that, I'm to lazy to Google. 




 Well... you shouldn't have done the ritual in the first place, isn't dangerous.  Umm I don't know what to tell you, good luck?  




 What!?! I thought he was a vampire, I guess I was wrong. 




 Don't you think that a little bit of this is your fault, I mean you probably didn't mean to send someone to their death on purpose. But you should have probably called the police when you heard screaming. 




 Or, or, or, everthing you said BUT she a ghost and died waiting for her kids n stuff. Hmm? Hmm? Hmmmmmmmm? 




 I was looking through the horror stories you were wrote and found this, I didn't know reddit had this kind of stuff. But I totally love your onesie! 




 My thoughts exactly. 




 Maybe you should call organization 440. 




 I think OP should have put his mother in a nursery home since he couldn't take care of her properly. He was wearing himself out trying to mange the barn and take care of his mom, but that's just my opinion though. 




