





























 Given he's the first with this specific condition to receive the treatment, his age may have actually been a factor in why he was chosen - if something goes wrong, he has a much shorter time to live with the consequences that someone younger. It's not like he's the only person who will ever get this treatment! 














 I can see what you mean, but I'm not sure people often get the chance to see others' handwriting often. Apart from the occasional shopping list I'm not sure anyone has seen mine in a long time 




 Writing in cursive is an important life skill  














 Have you considered contacting [Watchdog](https://ssl.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b006mg74/contact)? Might involve a TV appearance but could do the trick  





































































 Oddly with WSJ articles, if you access them via Google they aren't paywalled.

Here you go:

Technology Will Speed You Through the Airport of the Future

Car-parking robots, tracking beacons and facial recognition systems aim to make travel relaxing

Like a good matre d, the airport of the future will recognize you, greet you by name and know exactly where to put you.

Airports around the world are beginning to move in this direction. At Londons Gatwick Airport, beacons identify you by your smartphone and give GPS-like directions to your gate, pointing out food or shopping along the way. In Germany, robots at Dsseldorfs airport park your car and return it curbside after you land, linking your itinerary to your license plate. Researchers are developing robots that will be able to check your bags and deliver them within minutes of landing.

Facial-recognition systems speed you through passport control in places including Dulles International Airport near Washington, D.C. Some airports use facial-recognition systems to track your movements around terminals. Gates in some airports are automated with doors that flash open like a subway turnstile when you scan your boarding pass or flash your smartwatch.

At the airport of the future, directional signs will be only for backup. Check-in kiosks will be tucked in a corner. Human agents may be even more unnecessary.

The idea is to cut costs, speed up travel and make airports more hospitable. In theory, travelers will be more relaxed, with time to get work done, shop or enjoy entertainment since the airport will track their time and location and tell them where they need to be. Travelers may fret less about sitting down at a nice restaurant when a flight is delayed, rather than camping at the gate.

The airport becomes fun again, says Terry Hartmann, vice president of transportation and industry applications for Unisys Corp., which makes the technology for some of the new airport features. You feel you know whats going on, you interact with the environment and travel is an enjoyable experience.

Of course, planes will still have cramped seats and airlines will still run habitually late. But flyers wont need to arrive 90 minutes early if they know lines and walks are short. Travelers worried about the airport being too invasive can opt out by turning off their Bluetooth connections.

In June, Unisys announced completion of the initial testing phase of a facial-recognition system at Dulles to help U.S. Customs and Border Protection identify imposters attempting to enter the country. New passports have a chip imbedded with data including your photo. The facial recognition systems, also in use in the United Kingdom, Portugal, Australia, New Zealand, Germany and other countries, compare the travelers face with the passport and assign a score. If the match scores high enough, the passport control officer can be more certain of identity than todays system of eyeballing people entering the country.

Manually checking that the person in front of you is the same as a photo five years old is a challenge, Mr. Hartmann says.

At Gatwick Airport, systems estimate queues in real time at security and immigration checkpoints. And some countries have automated border control setups where the facial recognition system automatically clears someone to enter the country without seeing an officer. The U.S. hasnt gone that far partly because not enough travelers have the required chip in their passports.

San Francisco International Airport has 350 beacons installed in Terminal 2 and is testing an app that can give visually impaired passengers audible directions. American Airlines has signed on to a beacon rollout to help customers find their way, starting at Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport.

Virgin Atlantics lounge in London and Cathay Pacifics lounge in San Francisco have beacons that can recognize members when they walk through the door and offer information like food and drink menus. Miami International Airport has been doing limited trials. One potential use: tracking when someone enters the baggage carousel area and when they leave, showing how long they waited for baggage.

By 2018, 44% of airlines world-wide plan to use beacons, compared with 9% that have experimented with the technology currently, according to a survey this year by SITA, an aviation information and communications company. Geneva-based SITA is owned by 430 air transport companies and develops technology for the industry.

In Germany, Dusseldorfs airport is growing in passenger traffic but it doesnt have real estate to expand parking. The answer: a valet parking robot.

From the airports website, travelers make a reservation and enter flight information. Then they drive to a spot in the garage and lock their car. The system reads the license plate and decides where it will park the vehicle. A robot nicknamed Ray, which looks like a giant forklift, picks up the car by the wheels and moves it. At night, robots reshuffle the garage so cars that will be returned the next day are easily accessible. The system tracks if travelers flights are delayed or canceled and has their cars ready when they arrive.

The robots have operated for nearly a year and boosted garage capacity by 32%, says SITA managing director Christian Jahncke, who oversees the robot project. It has had one ding in one of the 40,000 cars handled. One problem: Sometimes the robot sets off the anti-theft alarm. Eventually the screeching stops. High-quality cars are very sensitive to being picked up, Mr. Jahncke says.

Close-in valet robot parking costs 29, or about $32, a day. That compares with 24.5 for premium parking the same distance from the terminal without valet service.

Each robot costs about $250,000, and Dusseldorf uses three so far. In all, Dusseldorf has spent about $1 million, far less than building a new garage, says Mr. Jahncke.

SITA is looking at whether it could make a robot to check bags, says Jim Peters, the firms chief technology officer. Travelers would self-tag, or have a permanent-use bag tag that identifies them. Robots would pick up the bags and maybe even deliver them, speeding up the process and reducing manual labor costs. Managing your baggage and not making it a pain is a part of the airport of the future, Mr. Peters says. The number of airlines offering self-tagging bag drop, but without robots, has increased to 17% from 9% last year. That is expected to rise to 74% of airlines by 2018, according to the SITA technology survey. 














 This is a very cool idea - a lot of potential for epic pranks! 




 Fair point - I also wonder if the road surface would have any effect on stopping distance. 












































 I think that's a very fair response, although it often seems like some people let articles, tv etc form opinions on every aspect of their lives! 

I quite agree about the job issue, I think perhaps more articles about how people can transition to new jobs unaffected by AI (or even create them themselves) would help. Obviously no article would be a perfect solution, but this sort of approach, even if it is very basic, would help people realise it wasn't all doom! 
































































 In case anyone is interested, that's equivalent to $8.39 a gallon 




 We can always spot the imposters 




 It would work, but he'd need to be absurdly posh and be saying to a friend as affectionate 'banter'. 
Source: am British. 




 It depends what industry you work in, but in general that doesn't sound unreasonable 




 I think we might well develop systems to create life from sequenced DNA to enable robots to terraform planets and that sort of thing, but this would be robots essentially carrying out tasks programmed by humans, so I'm not sure if it would count as robots re-creating life.  




 I might just be being an idiot, but what exactly do you mean by a 4D object? 


































 Anthropology grad here. Put it like this, you're going to get reeally good at explaining what anthropology is to people in suits. 



















 Some of us are!  



















 DV 









 A man can dream... 




 Wow, Steve is a friend of my Mum's - I never expected to see him mentioned on Reddit! 

This is an awesome piece, thanks for sharing it.  






























































































 Me too. I only have a Wii U and was gutted by the lack of content. 

My SO has theorised that they aren't doing any more games for the Wii U after the announced ones, and are moving Zelda U to NX. I bloody well hope not.  












































 Craziness. Reddit makes the world feel weirdly small! 




 Hang on, is this the Swan in East Peckham? I thought it looked familiar - it's my parents local! 




 I agree with this - it looks like a country pub in north Kent or another of the neighbouring counties 




 Apparently I've switched genders in a lot of parallel universes! 

Very cool though, thanks for posting! 




 You should try, if only to give the person who decides a good laugh. 




 I used to love that pub - it was all no-nonsense tasty stuff. What a shame its gone all hipster. 




 I particularly cannot cope with the horrendous word 'Brexit' that the Guardian keeps using. If I have to see it repeatedly for the next 2 years I might have to seek out its inventor and bludgeon them with a spoon. 









 I'm fairly certain its a British passport 





































































 Zoltan Istvan of the Transhumanism Party is, but he's not exactly one of the major players 



























































 Must be run by a dude called Fit Nes 




 The changes were observed using a European Space Agency satellite, the CryoSat-2, which is designed to sense ice remotely.

According to the article, the GRACE was just used to measure gravitational changes. 




