




 A lot of people like McDonald's, it's incredibly popular but it's also not top tier food or even particularly good. It's average, it's there when you need it, it gets the job done. Kind of like The Big Bang Theory.  




 [It's actually from a graphic designer's website who works for the magazine.](http://www.andrearaymer.com/imagista-magazine-covers/) 




 What did you think of it as a whole?  Which was your favorite season? Favorite episode?  









 You know, I used to think the same thing but then I actually watched it all, it's very good (and I hate zombies). I wouldn't put on my top all time but it's a very well done show and I could see why it would be on this list.  









 This summer, /u/Bosefchrist92 stars in a movie about how his "Caps Lock" key finally came unstuck.  




 Yes, but McDonald's is crappy AND popular 




 Most of them I agree with, some that I wouldn't have on my top list but are still good, but there is one that I laughed at more than I've ever laughed at the show. The Big Bang Theory. Yes, it's popular, yes it has won awards. But for that mediocre bore fest to be on the same list with Breaking Bad, The Wire, etc is just laughable. The Big Bang Theory is the McDonald's of TV. 




 It's a potential spoiler considering he is thought to be dead. It should be treated as such for anyone who doesn't like read news like this 




 He had some really funny moments but in no way did he outshine the amazing pair of Amy Schumer and Bill Hader 




 Mother. Fuckin. Spoilers.  




 Same with his role in Kick Ass 




 I disagree, I think each season has gotten better and more interesting 




 California USA!... What do now?!?  




 Gun Fever Too: Still Hot 




 Kk 




 Freaks and Geeks and Undeclared. Seth Rogen is in the main cast in both and they were only one season each. Both were hilarious 




 Breaking Bad for sure. Shameless is another. It's through 5 seasons and it just seems to get better each season. The biggest one, although a comedy, is It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. It's through 10 seasons and is continually hilarious and somehow fresh. This latest season had some classic episodes and Season 7 was my favorite.  




 It's true that the focus is on the 3 new leads. That has been made apparent. As for the originals. I think that one of them will die but the others may carry on or have cameos in the other movies. 

Personally, I'd love to see them as integral parts of the whole Trilogy but my expectations are realistic and I'm just glad they are all in this one at least 




 For me it's Chardee MacDennis. But one of the best to introduce someone to the show would be The Gang Desperately Tries to Win an Award.  




 No. Not for real. Ha. I was just making a joke 




 [This should do](http://nerdreactor.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/19c0uzmi9bmv1jpg.jpg)  




 I don't think so, I've seen it quite a few times and it just... Is off. It doesn't feel right and the Jokes don't really land for me. It's truly the one episode I dislike.  




 I live in a major metro area and there is only one theatre in the area that does that 




 Here's what it is like at a major theater for a large movie like this one. Ticket sales are online at at the box office but they will go incredibly quick in major cities. But if you get ticket (obviously if you don't, just go to a different theater in a suburb) then you wait in line to get a good seat the night of. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 was the last one I stood in line at a midnight Screening for (besides advanced screenings) and that's how it goes. It was a huge line and pretty fun actually 




 I was actually thinking about starting that! 




 It was very well received by critics and fans. It seems mostly this sub liked it but it's a mixed bag over at /r/movies. So no, you aren't the only one. Me personally, I enjoyed. It wasn't quite as good as the first one but all things considered, it was highly entertaining.  




 Community, Parks and Recreation, The Americans, Homeland, Shameless, Better Call Saul, House of Cards, Orange is the New Black, Brooklyn Nine-Nine, Silicon Valley, Broad City, Workaholics, It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, The Comedians, Daredevil, Tyrant, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, The Walking Dead, Ray Donovan, Masters of Sex, True Detective, and Mad Men

Damn, I watch too much TV. That's not even everything I watch, that's just the top tier stuff 




 Now that is incredibly odd. Why would US have a British series before the UK?  




 Yea, it's not as good as season 1 but I knew before I even starting watching that it wouldn't be because season 1 was one of the most entertaining seasons of a show I've ever seen. 


This season has been different, it's a little slower but I've quite enjoyed it. The acting/cast is superb and the story has a slow unraveling. 

It's intriguing and interesting each week but it's held down by expectations from it's superior first season. Let go of that and it's a really good season of tv 




 If you have FXX through Comcast then you can use the FXnow app to watch them I believe.  




 I would love that. It's been mentioned a few times on here but if they do actually do it, it must be actually Jon Taffer and not just a character based on him. 

I honestly think he would be game to do it too. He seems like a pretty cool guy when he's not dealing with idiots.  




 He is playing himself as much as Jerry Seinfeld was himself, Larry David was himself, Louis CK was himself, etc. It's a fictionalized version of themselves. Basically a character which has similarities and aspects of their real life but it's still a character. The shell of their existence (name, occupation, past) are the same but everything is different (family story, actions, personality, speech etc)  




 I have all 3 series on US Netflix. But you are probably in a different country.  




 He is a supporting character in Paul as well. That is a funny movie. It stars Simon Pegg and Nick Frost.  




 This^. Also, Horrible Bosses 2, although a retread a times, is pretty funny as well.  




 I hadn't noticed but I'll look for it next time.  




 It's not as good as the first two for sure, but if you like the movies, watch it. It's still entertaining. Just don't expect T2 and it will be satisfying 




 As I said, it's the way people go about it. People do just come on here and put an opinion that something "sucks". They aren't looking for a discussion, they just want people fuel them to support their own opinion as to make them feel right in disliking something. 

There is nothing wrong with disliking something. What I am getting at is that people on this subreddit tend to post an opinion thread that is targeting a show for being terrible that is something a lot of other people like. They don't provide criticism like you said, just that it sucks like I said. It's done so in the manner of trolling rather than discussion. The people who post that aren't looking for any opposition from people who like it but just other people who hate it. Whereas, in a discussion thread, there are both and they are discussed in depth. 

As for your Waitress analogy, that really doesn't apply. You are talking about food that is sitting in front of me and a Waitress asking if it's correct. Which I would tell them obviously. In that scenario, that would be a sort of survey taken after watching a show. Not coming on Reddit to discuss. Your analogy works more like after the meal, you go on Yelp and say the food sucks but the place has five stars and only a couple bad reviews. People are just going to skip your review and read the good ones because it is highly rated.

I agree with you that downvoting isn't the answer for an actual reasonable discussion but for an opinion that is hate fueled and looking for a one sided discussion of how much it sucks, that is deserving of a downvote. If it's not a show I care about, I personally leave it alone, but if it is one I do care for, I will respond rather than downvoting if it's an open discussion rather than trolling.  




 It's not opposite though. You are mad that there is not enough negative threads. If there was an opinion that a show sucks and a majority of the people also thought that, than it would get upvoted. But if a show sucks that everyone thinks sucks, there is not much of a point to talk about it. 

So then there are shows that are popular. People come in and say it sucks which is a minority opinion and because of that, the majority is probably going to answer. 

And the majority of the time someone doesn't like a show, they create an opinion thread for anyone who doesn't like the show. It's usually not a two sided discussion but a negative hate thread. 

Let me put it this way. I wasn't a big fan of the movie Mad:Max Fury Road but /r/movies loves it (along with the majority of critics). If I went in there saying the movie sucks in my own post, it'll get bashed and downvoted to hell because it's a poor way of discussion and a minority opinion. But that's not the way of going about putting your differing opinion. I went into a Mad Max discussion thread and had good discussions back and forth about what I liked and disliked and what others thought. 

Lastly, another analogy, I quite dislike The Big Bang Theory. I'm pretty sure there might be a good portion of people on reddit who dislike it as well and some that do like it. But I'd rather talk about the shows I do like rather than bash a show that I don't care about because it's popular.  




 The difference is between a show discussion thread that has both positives and negatives and a opinion thread about how bad something is. 

It sounds like you arent looking so much for a place to "talk about tv" but a place where people can hate on tv. Sorry if we like liking things. If there is a negative opinion that gets downvoted, thats either because it was presented in a poor manner as to offend people who do like it, or they just happen to be in the minority of that opinion.

Edit: Interesting and Ironic. I'm getting downvoted for having an opposing opinion and providing criticism in this thread. 




 Tommy Boy 




 It's "Mantis Toboggan"  




 Community (by the same creator of Rick   Morty), Arrested Development, Party Down 




 In a way, there was. Magnitude's character in Abed's movie gets shot twice. The typical sound a person makes to replicate the sound of a gun would be "pop".  




 The cast. All four are incredibly talented 




 I feel like people just don't understand that Adam Sandler movies are SUPPOSED to be stupid. I always hear people say how dumb his movies are but that is the point. They are so dumb they are funny. That is intentional. You Don't Mess with the Zohan is incredibly stupid but it is so damn funny. 

Yes, he has done some straight up terrible movies, but he gets waaaay too much flack for what is perceived as a "stupid movie" when that is just his style. If Billy Madison came out today, people would say the same shit. 




 You are right, it is season 7. It is pretty much perfect other than "Frank's Brother" which is the worst of the series. 




 
I loved Daredevil season 1, Agents of Shield Season 2, Avengers:Age of Ultron, and Ant Man. So...no. 




 Tommy Boy 




 Season 7 is my favorite season, 8 and 9 have some really great episodes and 10 was awesome. So...yes. 




 [Not Really](http://41.media.tumblr.com/994b5b599b7411884789b0e56878c7d5/tumblr_n6w1bsQD2d1ruwh7ao2_500.jpg)  




 Literally proved wrong by scientists in the episode "Flowers for Charlie".  




 A 3 way crossover. An It's Always Sunny episode with the guys from Workaholics and the gals from Broad City. 

Adam, Blake, and Ders fly to New York City after they won a trip to see a live concert. Their plane gets landed early in Philly when Carl was caught with grass on the plane. 

They immediately go bar hoping which leads them to Paddy's. 

Meanwhile, Ilana and Abby are traveling to Philly for a wedding and decided to checkout the culture of south Philly. They run into Dee and Artemis who immediately click with these two. She brings them back to Paddy's and find that Adam, Blake, Ders, and Carl, are in a yelling match with Mac, Charlie, Dennis, and Frank. 

They then find only one way to settle the argument (you decide what that might be), a game of Chardee MacDennis. Workaholics v Paddy's v Broad City/Dee/Artemis 




 I was surprised how funny it was. Watched it last night and it was not bad. Great that much of the main cast was back. Christopher Walken was hilarious 




 Go see Ant Man or Trainwreck 




 I still think the movie worked fine. Jai Courtney was really miscast but  he did a fine job anyway. But I really thought Jason Clarke was great. You actually felt that he was fighting in a long war that changed him. And he was menacing yet you still kinda hoped he could still change back.  




 Kingsman, Whiplash, and Nightcrawler in that order.  




 I loved it. I haven't seen it in a few years but it was a great movie back in the day.  




 Without Chromecast support... I'll wait 




 I got to watch that episode at Comic-Con with the cast and about 6,000 people before it aired. It was so damn funny. Just as good when it aired 




 I mean, there really has not been a bad season yet. In fact, all of them are top tier. So yea, I enjoyed 9 as well. Haha. The Gang Desperately Tries to Win an Award is one of my favorites 




 Community, Party Down, Arrested Development, Brooklyn Nine-Nine, Silicon Valley, Last Man on Earth, Chuck.  




 Pop Pop gets a treat?  




 I loved season 4. Sure, it's not as funny as the other seasons (maybe sometimes it is funnier than season 3) but the way it's rolled out is genius.  




 For sure! Cant wait for season 5 




 Yea, he definitely doesn't look 70 as Frank but he does have all grey hair in real life. He dyes it for the show. But I hope he doesn't retire. He is still at the top of his game and he continually says that he loves doing the show 




 It's not. It's more so to reassure fans that missed them in the prequels. In fact, the prequels actually did have quite a bit of practical effects, sets, and miniatures but they were glossed over with CGI for finer detail which made it all seem like CGI.  




 Starkiller is confirmed to be a First Order base in The Force Awakens. It would be odd to have that name pop up twice 




 I can't remember his name but wow, you had worse luck than we did 




 Personally I think season 7 is the best It's Always Sunny season.  




 That's my 2nd favorite season of any comedy show! (see my post for first) 




 1. Star Wars: The Force Awakens
2. Spectre
3. The Revenant
4. Mission Impossible: Rogue Nation
5. The Hateful Eight

Honorable Mentions: Ant Man and Bridge of Spies 




 I've read the first 5 about three or four times and the 6th and 7th just once. I think I need to get back on it again 




 Aquaman 2 




 Season 2 of Arrested Development. It's the greatest comedy show I've ever seen and specifically that season is incredible.  




 Yea, it would probably have looked better but it's Oscar Isaac so we are in good company 




 No Way!!!! Peter Parker!?!? How did I not see it from all tons of comics and 5 movies that have come out 




 Um... Maybe some context or explanation on what the hell this is?  




 I'm going to Ant Man tomorrow night and Trainwreck on Saturday 




 A Xcel worker told me this at a Playoff game at the end of the season. 3 seats slipped off the hinges and they had to replace all of them during the game. He said that was the 3rd time that game in the 2 sections he covered that it happened to. 

This confirms it and that's great 




 No way, they won't start shooting until next year. It most likely, if it's Star Wars related at all, is for reshoots 




 Who do you use to watch Ultraviolet? I use Flixster and it's great. The thing about Flixster is they have their own input code system that works great every time. That way you don't have to go to the individual studio's website and then log in through their site and ultraviolet and then Flixster. The one time it didn't work, I called their hotline and they got the movie in my list right away.  




 Wow, who does that? 




 "Why isn't the Second season of 'True Detective' the first season of 'True Detective'?" 

That's really what everyone who is disappointed by it is really thinking. Take the unrealistic expectations and comparing to Season 1 out of it and you still have a really good show.  




 I also disagree. It was different sure, but thats what kept it fresh for me. I would rate it better than seasons 1 and 4 but not quite as good as 2, 5, and 3. 




 Currently, 7 Days in Hell. Also, The Slammin Salmon 




 Totally agree. It's pulling itself together now and was really funny other than the water sketch. I loved Hannibal's Panel and GTFOH. I honestly am drawn to the fact that it's imperfect.  




 Yes, they are fantastic. I'm incredibly surprised not only have you not seen them but know pretty much nothing about them. 

Christian Bale is a great Bruce Wayne/Batman. His Batman voice is odd but you get used to it. 

The Dark Knight has probably one of, if not "the", best portrayals of a comic book character and that is Heath Ledger's Joker. 

Watch them in order: Batman Begins, The Dark Knight, The Dark Knight Rises.  




 Kingsman is at the top for me thus far. I also liked Jurassic World and Avengers: Age of Ultron. Although none of those will have any Oscar chances

I have yet to see Ex Machina, I hear that's amazing but it looks very weird. Should I still see it?  




 Gif of the century? More like, Gif of the second that I watched it and then moved on to the next thing and never remember it again 




 Head Canon: Harry uses his invisibility cloak just after they catch BCJr to sneak back in the office and grab it.  




 I saw the original Trilogy when I was 5, got the VHS special editions for my 7th birthday and saw Episode I in the theaters at 9. Personally, I think it should be fine. This one may be a little more dark but I think it should be ok 




 You may not think so but both are critically acclaimed and the majority of people who saw them liked them. And they made a ton of money. All signs point to my statement being correct.  




 Chardee MacDennis: A Game of Games 




 I think, if the movie is as good as it looks, that it will have a very positive effect on his legacy. But, I also don't believe that his current legacy is "complicated". He is the creator of Bad Robot which has produced tons of great TV shows and movies. He is the creator of Lost, Alias, and other huge shows. He brought back the Mission Impossible franchise with 2 great movies and the same with Star Trek. All well received. And his original movies have been shrouded with secrecy that is unheard of in this day and age which people enjoy. Yea, he uses lens flares a lot but that's his thing and he likes it. As for borrowing other directors styles, most everybody does that. Even some of our favorite directors have influences of their own. But specifically calling out him borrowing from Spielberg on Super 8 is funny considering Steven Spielberg produced the movie. 

tl;dr JJ Abrams is already pretty well beloved but if Star Wars is good, his legacy will be solidified as gold. 




 Captain America: The Winter Soldier 




 This^. Take the comparing to Season 1 away and it has been solid thus far. It's all huge expectations. I went in knowing there was no way it could be as good and I've loved it so far 




 Wow, that is legit 




 When I first saw part 1, I felt the same way. But then I read the book again and realized it is meant to. It's their way of showing time passing. Otherwise it seems everything happens in like a week. When in reality, and entire school year passes while they are on the road. 

You are right that as standalone movies they never really work the best but that's why they are parts. I think Harry Potter is the only one that it worked successfully so far 




 Money. Another movie means more money. Harry Potter started the trend but they did it because the last book truly could not have been represented well if it was not split. Then Twilight unnecessarily did it and every other series seems to now 




 I have watched them over and over again and they are some of the most rewatchable movies I've seen.  




