 Greg was the guy that drove them around and had sex with Jay in the hospital. I believe the guy from the beginning is named Hugh.  




 Hey guys, finally got to watch the film "It Follows", and it left me with a couple of questions. 

First, there were three scenes in the movie which had me very confused. All three of them had to do with various characters passing "it" on. 

1) after the main character and Greg have sex, they show Greg talking to a group of girls and flirting with one of them

2) the main character sees the men on the boat and strips and swims out to them

3) Paul is in the city after having sex with the main character and sees the prostitutes

So my question is whether or not these scenes had anything to do with them passing "it" on. In the first two cases, the monster still ends up coming after them, however after the third the monster isn't seen again. So is there any evidence that they did pass "it"  on in these scenes? Or am I just reading in to it too much? 




 Same thing here. I can drink as much as I want, or as little, and when I wake up I feel sober and fine. Usually great because I sleep like a rock when I drink.  




 The first time I drank was also the first time I smoked, so it was an interesting night. I was just passed out of  the couch laughing my ass of while my friend was passed out behind a potted tree with pizza in his hand. Good times, but I'm also drunk now so  




 I don't know how much experience you have with dph, so if you need any tips or whatever just pm me 




 In my experience, tolerance builds up way fast with dph. I went through a good week of daily tripping a few months back and by the end I would take 800 and get little to no affects. So while you probably could just up it, I'd say wait a week or so and then take a dosage equal to or a bit higher than your last attempt.  




 Definitely going to give this a try. Does the volume matter? And should I just be meditating while listening?  




 I love the way you describe the visuals as looking like bubbles. I can never properly describe what they look like to other people, but I feel like your description is pretty accurate. I usually just say that it looks like a transparent jelly is shaking all over the wall, but nobody ever gets what I mean.  




 Heh well I meant more of a website dedicated to it. Whenever I look on YouTube I just find shitty videos that people take of someone tripping too hard in a store or some shit.  









 Yeah I had a feeling I'd be stuck upping the dose. The time I took 1500 was definitely 4th plat and was intense, but it was amazing. Haven't ever tried smoking with it though, so I'll give that a try as well. Thanks!  




 Hey guys, just looking for some tips on hitting the fourth plat. I have tons of experience with dxm, just about every single trip being in the third plat. My typical dose is around 700-900mg, which is perfect when I'm looking for a good third plateau to listen to music. However, I'm wanting to go up a step with my trip to keep things fresh. So any advice on ways to potentiate the trip? Or am I just going to have to ramp up my dose? I'm fine with the latter, as I've taken as much as 1.5g at a time, but I'd rather find a different way. Thanks! 




 Nothing wrong with polistirex! The trip will be a bit different as far as intensity and length, but that's about it 




 My experiences were different every time. Varied from absolutely nothing, to tiredness, to a weird trip where I could hear my thoughts as though someone else were speaking them, and finally to an amazing euphoric experience.  




 I feel ya. Started off with 600 and have only gone higher. Below that just feels like I'm losing every desirable affect and gaining nothing.  




 If you took gel caps then it was straight dxm, they're reliable as anything else. Maybe more so because there isn't anything else in it. But your dosage doesn't sound too high at all. I'd say try it again if you're up to it. May have just had an anomalous bad time, or maybe you just don't like it. 




 2 capsules, 550mg each 




 Apparently Jerry Garcia was also addicted to heroine, according to the newish documentary on Netflix about Bob Weir. I believe he said that it pretty much made Garcia not give a shit about his health, which led to massive weight gain and his eventual death. 

Edit: woops, didn't see you had him on there 




 TL;DR chased through carnival by murderous smurfs 




 When I was in like fourth grade my friend had an old bridge going across a creek in his woods, but all the planks were gone so it was just the beams. Being the spry intelligent little kids we were, we would hop from beam to beam often. Well one time I attempted this with wet feet, and slid upon landing. My feet went out from under me and I smacked my chin right off of the steel beam. Ended up getting many stitches that night.  




 I actually found a site that had pre-built terrariums for sale not too long ago. They had one that was $50 for the container, humidifier, and some other piece of equipment. I'll send ya a link in a minute when I find it! 

Edit: well it appears that it was only on sale when I checked last, and now costs around 150. However they do have fruiting chambers for $50 that look to hold a single cake. Just browse www.mushbox.co/mushroom_kits.html for something that suits your needs!  




 Similar experience happened to me recently in Ocean City. By the time I got back i literally couldn't take more than  a step or two without my legs giving out because of how hard I was kicking off while trying to swim back. Terrifying experience.  




 I actually ended up buying ginger capsules for this exact reason. It did help with the nausea of lsa, but not the cramping.  




 Hey, experienced dxm user here! I can't really help with the dosage, as it's very reliant on your size. What I can say though, is that you should try using cough gels, rather than syrup. There's no disgusting taste, and it's very easy to get exactly the dosage you want. Just about every pharmacy type store sells them, and usually have their own brand. Typically comes in a small white bottle, inside of plastic, with "robogels" written on it.

Also, good luck! Dxm is a powerful disassociative, but in all of my experiences it has been fun as hell.  




 Thank you! That was actually my first guess 




