 The link "ALL THE RESULTS IN ENGLISH" is quite useful. Unsurprisingly, if either the primaries or general election were held now Hillary Clinton would win the majority of the Latino vote in both. One of the most interesting bits of information from the poll is that, of those Latino voters that do know who Sanders is (about 32% overall) opinions on him are split: 16% view him very/somewhat favorably and 16% view him very/somewhat unfavorably. 









 Van Jones (CNN commentator) tweeted a link to a statement from MoveOn that succinctly highlights some of what got BlackLivesMatter activists and a lot of black Americans upset about their responses. It reads, in part: 
Similarly, while economic and racial justice issues certainly intersect, and reducing economic inequality will benefit people of all races, portrayals of racial injustice as merely an offshoot of economic injustice or the implication that solutions to economic inequality will take care of racism represent a fundamental misunderstanding of how race operates in our country."

Unfortunately, it seems that some Sanders supporters did't quite understand how those responses were perceived to be dismissive of their concerns (and in turn, it may have seemed like Sanders and O'Malley were being dismissive of those concerns or their importance) and have themselves come across as dismissive of the concerns of the black Americans that participated in and got the  #BernieSoBlack (edited this because I accidentally wrote the hashtag as #SandersSoBlack) hashtag trending on Twitter for hours. Some of them were tweeting in what seemed to be a very patronizing "I (or in this case: Sanders) knows what's best for you" kind of way--at least judging by the arguments I saw earlier on Twitter. It obviously inflamed passions, but at least the tweet have turned a bit more jocular than they were earlier on. 




 Hello, I'm in the US (as is the my niece who I want to purchase a desktop for). Her family's old computer gave out and her parents don't want her using the new PC for anything other than homework and web browsing so I said I'd purchase her one she could use for her PC games. I'd prefer not to spend more than $500, if at all possible, but am willing to spend around $600-800 if absolutely necessary (she's an amazing kid but spending that much on a teenager seems kind of extravagant). I don't know much about PCs but from what I've read simulation and strategy games aren't necessarily that most graphic heavy/detailed games, anyway; especially older ones. It would be great if she could play them at the maximum settings since I think the look of the games and detail is what drew her to video games in the first place (and I want to encourage that even if I'm not too into it myself). She mostly plays strategy and simulation games like the Sims and Civilization. I'm assuming newer games have higher graphical detail and the newest she owns are: Civilization Beyond Earth and Civilization Starships, The Sims 3, The Sims 4, and Cities Skylines. She owns older versions of similar titles but I assume that any desktop that can play the newer games at maximum settings can play the older ones at maximum settings with no problems. The old computer's monitor and keyboard and mice are still usable since the family's new computer came with those things so all I need to buy her is the gaming desktop itself. I want to buy it online from a reputable store (Amazon, etc...) and have it delivered to their home. Thank you in advance. 




 Been looking for it myself because I want to show it to some people but I saw both of them and Clinton's was better I'd say. She was more passionate than she usually seems to be during speeches and even though they both spoke about similar things Hillary seemed to connect better with the audience, even though her audience was many times greater in size than Sanders'. If I find a link I'll post it here.

Found a recorded video of it (The one labeled Monday Luncheon; she takes the stage near the end of the recording at 3:14:44) there was a delay so she took the stage later than planned and people had to stay in the room or risk losing their seats--was really tough for people that had to use restroom!: http://original.livestream.com/nclrevents/video?clipId=pla_578dee51-f9d2-4c13-9c9f-548083d44ad4 utm_source=lslibrary utm_medium=ui-thumb  




 According to the CNN article on this, the union met with Clinton, Sanders, and O'Malley and union members chose Clinton by a three-to-one margin.
http://www.cnn.com/2015/07/11/politics/hillary-clinton-american-federation-of-teachers/index.html 
 




