




 And Democrats will register dead people to vote, and then have people vote multiple times a day. Give the whole country a day to do that? Yeah right... 




 So 1 party? You gotta be out of your damn mind. They at least have to be replaced with a center-right party. 




 Better than making that 'deal' with Iran altogether. 




 That and Vox 




  These are young college aged kids who haven't yet had the opportunity to live through the long term aftermath of the policies they espouse

The problem is that these dumbass kids might succeed in getting their ridiculous unrealistic and naive progressive policies passed - and then when they realize those policies suck, it will be too late. 




 Oh man will those tears be sweet. The only candidate Sanders can beat is Trump. 




 Fine, but one party of Democrats would be even worse.  




 yea, it is a paltry 45%! 




  but the amount of narrow minded clowns that cant even be reasoned with that ive run into lately scares me

I feel that way about liberals. 




 Babies body parts being sold by PP:

http://aclj.org/pro-life/from-bad-to-worse-the-evil-of-planned-parenthoods-sale-of-babies-body-parts-continues- 




 last time I heard a hard figure, it was around $400,000,000 




 Bugs can certainly be an issue. I plan on waiting 1-2 months before upgrading, but no need to wait more than that. It's my personal computer, not my work laptop. 




 I think it's retail - I mean, they don't tell you what computer you can put it on. OEM means it's stuck with a particular machine 




 http://lmgtfy.com/?q=swastika+at+occupy+wall+street

http://lmgtfy.com/?q=swastika+at+bds+rally 




 yea, get a brain. 




 google 




 Nazi flags are at every anti-Israel rally, they were at occupy wall street rallies, and more. 




 Fuck I was think of selling at 3pm today. Bought at 123 









  What problems do you have with the 'free' public college plan? Has it's flaws, to be sure, but what's wrong with it specifically?

I'll answer that now in short - basically that it doesn't address the core issues of our public education system. The main issues, as I see it are the cost, actual benefit of going to college, and post-graduate unemployment. The cost for attending public universities are astronomical when you talk about living expenses as well (which Bernie's plan does not address). Tuition is only half the cost, sometimes less. 

Getting more students into college wouldn't help either, even at no debt. There is an inflation of students with degrees who cannot get jobs at all. So why do we want more of that? And also, his plan does not force colleges to lower their tuition rates, nor does it prevent them from *raising tuition*. In fact, the abundance of student loans is what has allowed colleges in America to continue to raise their tuition, to the point where going to college doesn't even make financial sense. 

What we need is more of an emphasis that there are options outside of college that need to be pushed (see Mike Rowe). Germany, for example, pays for college in full - but they limit who goes to college. It's not a blanket free for all. That is bad for the economy, as well as students. 

As Mike Rowe said, "We are lending money we don't have to kids who can't pay it back to train them for jobs that no longer exist". So I think Bernie's plan is fundamentally flawed, and damaging to everyone (except the people who run the universities of course!).

And we haven't even gotten to how this bill is going to be funded (that's another issue).

To me, it demonstrates a fundamental misunderstanding of the issues that face our education system. And all Bernie is doing is trying to solve one particular symptom of a very big problem (they symptom is the student debt).

Student debt is obviously a big problem - but it is only a problem because the *debt is too high in relation to how much new graduates can make*. $15,000 of debt is not a big deal if you are starting off by making $70,000. What we have now is someone graduating with $100,000 in debt, with a job that pays $30,000. That's the problem.  




 http://www.aim.org/guest-column/the-democrat-party-and-jewish-anti-semitism/

http://www.powerlineblog.com/archives/2015/05/a-sign-of-things-to-come-in-the-democratic-party.php

http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/03/19/berkeley-s-swastika-problem-are-america-s-liberal-colleges-breeding-anti-semitism.html

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/valerie-tarico/sophisticated-liberal-jew_b_191135.html

Antisemitism is on the rise around the world, and it's not coming from Republicans - who actually are the only group that strongly supports Jews in Israel and defends Jews consistently.  




 Really? Evidence please. And even though the .1% crazies are 'Republicans', the general populous that is anti-semetic, is liberal. Please. It's like liberals can't possibly admit that they have widespread hatred within their own group. It's just soooo unfathomable!

How bout Jimmy Carter, a former president. Antisemitic asshole.
http://allenbwest.com/2014/08/jimmy-carter-leads-democrat-charge-anti-semitism/

Wait for the next Israeli conflict and watch the liberals and democrats spew their hatred.  




 "but so does reality" is something liberals say :) 




 Read or change all the data on the sites you visit?

WTf? Don't download this... 




 I got to 7,000 yesterday, but then went down to 5k. I hovered between 5k-6k for about 20 minutes before screwing up. I couldn't get back to 7k (I was #1 for a while at only 5.5k) 




 Yea the vicious primaries doesn't help the Republicans at all.  




 Yea I'm not sure what a 'National Socialist'. I think we can just say Bernie is the closest thing to a Socialist that we've seen actually get some traction. Redistribution of wealth technically is not socialism. 

 Socialism is a social and economic system characterised by social ownership of the means of production and co-operative management of the economy

 




 At work, can respond more later, but Bernie is way to socialist for me. And I don't like a lot of his solutions, as they are short-sighted solutions that only fix symptoms, not underlying issues. His 'pay for all public colleges' bill is a perfect example of why I don't agree with most of his stances. That, and his profound interest in wealth redistribution.  




 Vox is a blog. That's why. Just like TheBlaze.com. And it is heavily heavily liberal biased, so it loses some of its objective credibility. Would you take a Blaze article that criticized Obama seriously? Then why would I take a Vox article that criticizes a Republican seriously?  




 All the BDS movements, anti-Israel agenda comes from the Left, exclusively. Certainly not all these people hate Jews - but that is where all the Jew haters go. Go to a liberal college and wave an Israeli flag and watch what happens. People are using BDS and 'Occupation' as a cover for their hatred of Jews. 














 anti-semetism by and large comes from the Left, not the Right. Let's keep that straight. 




 Because Vox is a reputable news source? I would barely call it a blog. Not that I'm saying their response is incorrect, but honestly, I wish we would stop linking Vox. Unless you want me to link TheBlaze.com 




 To be clear, this is a right-wing news source. Saying this before I read the article. Nothing wrong with a right-wing source, just make sure you realize what you are reading. 




 This can definitely be taken the wrong way. I say you guys figure out a different hashtag. 




 I posted this for karma. I have no intention for voting for Bernie 














 I'm sorry for your loss :( 




 Yea so I'm not sure what the default is, but I don't think it's cmd.exe because it gives me certain things that I don't think come with cmd.exe (scp, ssh, touch, tail, head and other linux type stuff). But maybe that's just stuff that is built on top of cmd.exe and really they are just small programs that are essentially similar copies of those linux functions.

I guess I'm a bit confused now because now I'm trying to run this script that came with Spark that launches a cluster on Amazon. 

The script is 'spark-ec2', and when I do './' or '.\' when using cmder, it simply does not work. Also tried with git bash - that also didn't work. The only time it worked was when I used Cmder - but used the Cygwn option. 

Does that make sense to you?  




 I think he means specifically socially conservative, but fiscally liberal. I think there are many people who are the other way around (fiscally conservative, but socially liberal). 




 No problem - It was .tgz file to be specific, but anyway I downloaded the Hadoop version and was able to get the command line working. 




 So that is why they started fuzzing the numbers? That makes sense. Then you can't tell if your downvotes are working or not. 




 Isn't Cmder built on top of MSYSgit? 




 I like how someone downvotes you without offering any information...

So interestingly enough I got it to work by flippling the '/' to '\'. Just for fun though, I tried the same through Cygwn and GIT Bash and it only seemed to work when I was using Cmder. Not sure I understand that. 




 I'm using Cmder for Windows currently.  




 Having some trouble using Apache's spark library, was hoping someone could help me out here.

I downloaded and unzipped the tar file for Spark. I also installed Scala. 

I wanted to just play around with Spark using [this quick guide](https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/quick-start.html), but as soon as I try to run: 

    ./bin/spark-shell

I get an:

    '.' is not recognized as an internal or external command,
operable program or batch file.

error. 

No one else I am working with is able to get this working, so we must be missing something. Isn't this supposed to be able to run on windows?

UPDATE:

I downloaded the version that comes pre-built with Hadoop (didn't have Hadoop before), and now when I run :

    ./bin/spark-shell

I get:

    /c/Users/USER/workspace/spark-1.4.1-bin-hadoop2.6/bin/spark-class: line 76: conditional binary operator expected 









 haha ok sounds like a fun assignment 




 Hmm gotta be creative then i guess. Maybe 1000 accounts, but have the voting happen over a period of 24 hours, so it's spaced out. I doubt their algorithms could detect that. Maybe I'm wrong. 









 What about using AWS ec2 instances? 1 instance for every two accounts. It would be expensive. I wouldn't do it, but its fun to think about. Hypothetically, would that work? Doesn't every ec2 instance have its own IP? 




 well fuzzing is for one particular comment. Let's say I create 1,000 accounts, and downvote *1 random comment*. Each account will be downvoting a different comment (with some overlap). So you are saying there is a way they can just block all votes from an IP? 




 I just opened incognito mode made an account without email confirmation or anything of the sort. Just put the name in and password and that's it. 




 So I was thinking, purely for fun and not to abuse - I was wondering if it is possible to create a program that:

1. Creates a randomly generated Reddit account (account name would be X8Kh29Klw1, or something).
2. Goes to a particular user's comment/submitted section
3. downvote/upvote a random comment/submit
4. logout of that account

and then repeat 1000 times. Is there something that Reddit has in terms of spam detection or IP address monitoring that would prevent someone from doing this? 

I'm also wondering why someone hasn't tried this already (or maybe they have). 

And how long would it take to run? I would probably write in PHP. For each user, you have to create an account, go to the user's page, downvote, then logout. It might take a few seconds each time. 




  Who does the 1 star hurt more? Only you.

Stop being a troll. 




 I don't think you understand how this works. 




 Everything you just said is irrelevant. If you tell me you are going to be at my place in 2 minutes - and then don't leave for 8 minutes - you are lying and being dishonest. 

No, you didn't owe me a ride in the first place. I'm not entitled to a ride - but once you make the commitment and say, "I'm 2 minutes away" - then you need to be there in 2 minutes. And stop being such a troll.

And if Lyft cared about money, then they will be pissed to know that I went and took an Uber instead, and then complained to all my friends how Lyft sucks and this shit never happened on Uber. 

Next time I'll wait for the ride, and then give a 1 star review. That should send the message.  




 His car didn't move for about 8 minutes - then his car started going in the wrong direction. That's when I cancelled. 




 Glad to see most responses are like this, and no /u/chr0nic_liar 's douchey response.  




 I will be reporting the user to Lyft. And to be clear, the GPS said 2 minutes - and after about 8 minutes, the driver just started moving - in the wrong direction. That's a big fuck-up, and it's unacceptable considering the entire sales pitch from Uber and Lyft is that it's faster. And again, you are stealing business from other Lyft drivers that were already on the road. **It is dishonest, and no amount of swearing can justify that**. 




 No, that's not it at all. See [my post](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/3drraq/republicans_screw_unemployed_to_protect_the_rich/ct8k3h5) 




 From /u/mattsah - please don't let this be burried under the sarcastic comments

Bernie introduced it and said it would be paid for by closing the Carried interest tax loophole (although I can't find a text of the bill to support this). The carried interest loophole is describe here: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/promises/obameter/promise/42/tax-carried-interest-as-ordinary-income/
He was rebutted almost immediately by Lamar Alexander who made the following arguments (by the way, he sounded pissed):

* Unconstitutional, because it proposes a tax, it must be introduced in the house (see: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Origination_Clause)
* Three workforce programs created last year which are similar (jobscore, youthbuild, dislocated workers)
* It's a big tax increase. Presumably the argument being that such a large tax increase should not be added to an amendment to another bill, but debated on its own. 




 Can we talk about how the amendment "Creates 1 million jobs"? A lot of these types of bills end up doing a really shitty job at creating jobs most of the time. Also to note, the main objection here is that *it is a tax increase that must be proposed in the House first*, and therefor it is unconstitutional to begin with. This is some second-rate analysis that leaves a lot to be desired. It's a simply knee-jerk reaction to depict (R) as evil (what else is new?) 




 Because it's easier to just yell, "Republicans are evil", than to do actual real reporting, which might tell us why they voted that way.  




 I hear that. 1 minutes seem acceptable.  




  Shut the fuck up you whiny poop snatcher.

Maybe I'll just take Uber then and tell everyone I know to stop using Lyft.

No but really, your rude comment doesn't change the fact that not only are you abusing the system to make it appear that you will pick me up sooner than you will- but you are taking business from other Lyft drivers that could have been there before you. It's dishonest. I made decisions based on the gps location of the driver. In fact, in this case, I chose Lyft instead of Uber because the drivers were closer. I've never had this problem with Uber. The fact that we all used to call Taxis is completely irrelevant.  
























 I'm gonna do that. He also started going the wrong way when he finally got in his car 




 Happened twice. This last time the guy took 6-8 minutes to get in his car. I cancelled the ride, but missed my bus I could have taken instead. I'm pretty pissed. This has never happened to me on Uber 




 We are talking about food stamps - about food, and lack thereof due to economic position. If someone starved to death because they were locked in a cage, what the hell does that have to do with food stamp availability? An extreme example, but it illustrates my point. If we weren't talking about food stamps, you would be right.

Even so, we are talking about 2000-3000 old people, and less than 100 people under 40. And those 100 people are due to caregiver abuse/neglect - and not a lack of food due to lack of enough food stamps. That's the point. **No one in this country dying from starvation due to a lack of food stamps provided from the US government**.

Sure, someone could die from being left alone, being abused and underfed (caretakers not doing their job), physical disabilities - but none of that has to do with food stamps.

There.  




 Surprising at first, but here:

 This can stem from certain medications, trouble chewing due to dental issues, problems swallowing or difficulty absorbing nutrients, according to the Mayo Clinic

So it has more to do with old age, being alone, and physical disabilities. Not "They can't afford food". I'm sure many of those 2000-3000 elderly adults who died had money - but did not have people to help shop for them and lacked the physical ability to properly take care of themselves.

 What you believe doesn't matter, facts matter.

I agree. Thanks for the link, although it does not invalidate my point. 




 I edited my comment, please re-read.  




 dying because you didn't have food to eat...

Maybe it should have been, "how many people die per year from starvation"

The answer is none. But go to Africa, and children die from starvation on a daily basis. 




 Never made a 'red-line' that I couldn't back up. Threatened to use force, follow through at least once exactly how I said I would. Not war, but a demonstration of the *willingness* to use force, regardless of public opinion. Also made a considerable effort to get several EU countries to do exactly the same with me. 

The point is, in some way, make them understand that I follow through on any redline, that I use force if I have to, and I won't let public opinion make me timid and weak.

It's like, Bush is the extreme - start a huge gigantic war that costs billions. Obama is the opposite. I would meet somewhere in the middle. Using more force than Obama, but not starting wars.

Although you could argue my actions would lead to war. But with 3-5 willing allies in Europe, no middle east country would dare consider war. 




 It does not seem like a question to me. It looks like rhetorical sarcasm. Not to mention I only said that currently no one is dying form lack of food - *we have food stamps now, and that's probably why*. It's an accusatory question. 




 Food stamps are great. And really, even if I'm not so fond of how much and to how many (without limitation of time) get them - in terms of overall budget, it's very little. Social Security, medicare, medicaid and defense is where our spending is. 

There are what, 50 million on food stamps? Maybe it should be 30-40 million. And maybe we need to have time restrictions (2 years) on them. Not just for budget, but out of principle. We all know the saying about teaching someone how to fish vs. giving them a fish. It's meant to be a safety net for those in hard times - not a permanent lifestyle. 

I don't think the abuse is so widespread that it's a #1 priority, but I think we need to be able to say, "hey, maybe 50 million isn't necessary, and maybe we aren't really helping some of these people in the long run". It's worth a conversation. 

I just get really frustrated because anytime I talk to a liberal about possible making *any* change (even a minor one) to the program, I get a response like, "So we should just let people die?". No you asshole, stop putting words in my mouth. If we reduce the number of recipients, only the most well-off recipients would be effected. 

In regards to food stamps and drug testing - I'm not too fond of that. It's not like they take their SNAP cards and buy drugs. The bible also does not teach "give charity - but when you do, make 15 conditions on the charity, and if they don't meet those conditions, then don't give to them". No, it says 'give charity'. 

My other issue however, is the general mixing of charity and taxes. I don't think charity should be part of our tax expenditures. Charity should be charity, without government (screwing it up) in between. The more liberal and heavily taxed a country is, the less charitable they become (see France and England compared to the US). Part of that is religion, but part of that is that when people pay high tax which pays for social services, they feel they have done their duty in regards to charity. I don't believe that, and give around 8-10% of my income regardless how much my country does for the poor. 




 I think this is a validation of the /r/fatpeoplehate banning. 




 Did i say I didn't? Wtf? It's like I can't even talk about them without being accused of saying I want everyone to starve? 




 1 is pretty awful, but OK. 

3 I think you are missing the point. "We will pay 2/3rd of the cost, so you don't charge students" - well, 2/3rds of what? Right now it's 2/3rds of $20k. They can say next year, "Well our costs have gone up, so you need to pay us 2/3rds of $22k". Not to mention the amount they charge now is far higher than it needs to be.  




 Are you invalidating the content of the article? Sad that *this* is the highest upvoted comment. People care more about bashing right-wing sources than actually just trying to talk about the content of the article. Regardless of who this came from, the Netflix tax is garbage.

I wonder if you are this thorough when liberal sources are posted? 




 It's really a joke to say any Americans are starving. Look at pictures of children in Africa, or Jews during the holocaust. That's what starvation looks like. Eating ramen noodles and tuna is hardly starvation. It sucks , it's pretty awful, and probably not good for your health -but using the word 'starvation' is misleading. 




 'Food insecurity' is what, exactly? Certainly not enough that anyone is dying. I see that particular statistic is hard to come by (I quite sure it does not exist). 




 The point is, *nobody in this country is going hungry*. Have you ever seen the stat for how many people die per year from starvation? Exactly 0 I believe.

If you want to downvote me, please show me a statistic that proves me wrong. I'm not saying we shouldn't have food stamps - in fact without food stamps, *we would* have children dying from starvation.  




  but it's shown to be pointless in states that have done it in the past

I was all for it, until we say that it did not save any money. 




 This is shocking that 'True' and 'Hilary Clinton' can be in the same sentence. 




 Not just Obama, but also the EU. Between the two of them, Iran has no fear whatsoever of breaking the rules of this agreement - in plain sight or in secret. If a Republican behaved exactly as Obama has, then it would be the same bit. It's not a blanket, "Because I hate Obama", it's, "Because of the actions he has taken".

Truth is, he is gone in 2 years, and someone else will take his place. Unless it's a Republican, Iran will have no reason to fear that America/EU will take any action against them. Add that to the fact that they are not trustworthy to begin with, and it is just a recipe for disaster. 




 Me neither 




 I don't see that anywhere - maybe I missed it, but it does not seem to be part of his plan. Not to mention, the prices are too high to begin with - so it doesn't fix that problem either. 




 I believe so 




 Yea I hear - but what you can do is replace them with 'temporary' workers, and refuse to give them a raise. You could even lower their wages and put 'temporary workers' in place of them until they quite, or accept the new terms.  




 "Gay marriage and the Confederate flag going down everywhere. Tough week for your redneck uncle on Facebook. treated as negative towards gay marriage by algorithm. 














 Great. Those tube drivers are lucky they still have a job. 




 So what prevents the university from raising tuition?? 




 What is to prevent public schools from raising prices? 




 This. My biggest issue with him is his shortsighted solution that addresses the symptom, but not the cause. 




 Monthly expenses added together with 1 time fixed cost items? Wtf? 









 I wanted Obama to behave differently up until this point, so that this deal would have a high probability of succeeding.  




 It's great that Trump is now in politics, so we can bash him here. It's fun. 




  They went there not for some new desktop wallpapers but to apply theories of planetary evolution in order to understand how the Earth came to form

And then what? What have you gained?  




  instead we should have done nothing at all and somehow that would be better

I don't know why that is always the only suggested alternative. And this only has to do with Obama due to his lack of action and any show of strength throughout his presidency. 




 And you think any country in Europe wants to go to war or will actually follow through on such a threat? C'mon. The EU and America won't do anything. They'll just sit down and write another deal. And if another (D) gets in office, it will be the same.  




  If they violate the agreement then sanctions or force are the consequence.

You mean like all the "red-lines"? Even if he says he will use force, no one in the middle East believes he has any backbone. They have no fear to screw up. Obama will just give them another chance and make another 'deal'. 




 I plan to do this next year. That plastic from Home Depot. Hopefully it will help 




 When we let young children who don't even understand sexuality - to 'chose' their gender - then you *are* causing harm to others. 




 I identify as a turtle.  




