 Definitely. The accents, the snow, the mannerisms, the setting is as much a part of the show as the characters.  




 "Where do you think we are?" 




 I thought she conveyed them both very well in Breaking Bad, but different strokes. 




 It's quite clearly not. 









 Snarky? Matt isn't snarky. Well, maybe in the Waid run.

I love Daredevil because he's had some of the best character work in modern comics. Over a decade he slowly had a massive mental breakdown due to the death of a loved one and the outing of his secret identity. The Bendis/Brubaker era was like one really well written TV series with a main character arc comparable to Breaking Bad. All he wants is to protect the citizens of his city, but it all comes at a massive cost to his mental well-being. Frank Miller and Kevin Smith also touched upon this and I think that's part of what makes their books so great.

Looking elsewhere, there are a lot of fun stories. I've heard the Waid interpretation as a swashbuckler. 




 I'd love to see Miles' costume. I love that costume a lot.

Edit: Seriously guys? You're downvoting me because I like a costume. I'm not asking for black Spider-Man or trying to say I'd prefer to see Miles. I'm just saying I'd like to see [this extremely badass costume](http://www.pressherald.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/04/portland-press-herald_3535489-674x1024.jpg) in a film. It's a great costume and it'd certainly help differentiate from other live-action incarnations. I thought this sub was better than downvote to disagree. 




 And what's that? 




 I haven't played in a few months, but I was wondering what happened to all of their mods. I was wanting to play with MFFS again. 




 I dunno. I love that run so very much, but if you're not very into comics - paticularly older comics - the dated style is kinda hard to read. Therefore I recommend the more modern runs first and foremost. 




 Really? I thought she was perfect. She's the perfect mixture of snark and I can't be arsed to do anything that I think embodies JJ. 




 You hate comic Daredevil? For shame. 




 Shame because both of their series were really good, then they just got shoe-horned into everything. 




 He said with the Warren Ellis flair. 




 Pretty much what I came it to recommend. It's worth noting that Thanos only appears in the beginning and the end of DnA's run. 




 I'm trying to do a school project on box-office sales, and I thought the Chinese release date would be a major factor in how much money the movie makes. 




 I'm not an anime fan, but when I'm sick I'll turn on Naruto as I loved it when I was younger. 









 I really enjoyed CATFA for the Spielbergian vibe. I didn't watch it until after Iron Man 3, but when I did, I thoroughly enjoyed it. It was like a cheesy 80s movie with a nice message, good dialogue and characters, entertaining actors and an interesting story. Red Skull wasn't great and the action is hardly memorable, but overall, it's very enjoyable. 




 How has there been no mention of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind and Inception? If you look toward eastern animation, Akira and Ghost in the Shell are both very pretty movies. 




 I wouldn't object to him leading a Firefly revival. 




 Does it make it any less of a good idea or any less of a good hour of television? 




 It was a good idea putting 90% of Game of Throne's main characters in one place for the start of the series before splitting them all up. 




 Community - Tell Dan Harmon to make the show about the characters rather than himself. I enjoyed the first couple seasons a lot, but near the end the character's personalities were flip-flopping all over the place and Harmon was explicitly writing episodes to make fun of things he didn't like (even if most of his viewers do). I miss the days Abed was cute, now he's just an excuse for Harmon to say something meta. Honestly, I don't think it's even funny anymore. 




 Why is he running? Is musical chairs really that big in ABQ? 




 Just ask Tommy Wiseau 




 Is it the same as the dick joke? 









 He wrote it himself. Kermode's main case for enjoying it more was because it was based on a book it gave Tarantino a stronger structure to follow. 




 My mixtape. 




 I dunno. Foster is pretty great in that movie. 




 I can't blame him for that. At least, if he's written well in future movies, we have a good actor in the role. 




 Clever Bryan Singer and Co. I didn't even notice that. 




 Just now noticing what an unfortunate acronym A Clash of Kings has. 




 And - for the most part - failing. Thankfully a charismatic and entertaining actor like Cavill was cast. 




 Throne of Blood all the way. 




 It wasn't voice only and I meant recognition in general. 




 But from Peter's perspective pretty awesome. 




 I've been dieing to see Tarantino return to the blaxploitation genre. 




 Does The Dark Knight count by this measure? It's a Mark Millar comic and it's pretty rare for him to dip his toe in other genres and when he does, it tends to be pretty poor. I'm shocked they made a decent movie out of the steaming pile of crap that was Kingsman. 




 I love Saga, but it's not a comic book movie. 




 I wasn't a fan of Drive - it was well made, but the tone and style didn't sit right for me - but the kiss in the lift was magical. 




 Sandman was perfect in that movie. 




 Best cameo, because - dammit! - Nathan Fillion doesn't get enough recognition. 




 Frankly, I couldn't stand this show at first, but complicated plotting, great character work and funny dialogue really made the show grow on me so I personally think Marvel's Agents of Shield is much more deserving than a 7.5. I don't think anything about an 8.3, but still, the show improved vastly, but I feel it took way too long to do it. The direction is still kinda bland and as a result, so is the action, but it's still a pretty entertaining show. 




 That wasn't what I was asking, but I love those series. I finished YtLM a month ago and am still conflicted over the excellent ending. I've got volume 4 of Preacher lying next to my bed and I'm waiting for the last two volumes in the post. These books are both more deserving or movies than characters like Cyborg or Ant-Man (saying that as a DC and Marvel fanboy) yet they've spent so long in development hell. Thank God Preacher is getting a show and the fact it's replacing Mad Men's slot in the AMC line-up gives me high expectations. 




 I, for one, really like A History of Violence and V for Vendetta. 









 I'm 98% sure Alan Moore put a curse on the movie to prevent it from becoming a classic. Either that or it wasn't *that* great.  




 I think that was a result of HBO's deal with the BBC though. I could be wrong. 




 Didn't he have a heart attack? 




 I'm a big comic fan, so when I was first getting into the medium I was recommended Sandman and Fables and I loved them. I quite like the other Gaiman books I've read so I'll check out Anansi Boys. 




 I'm looking for good adaptions of myths. I was very much into myths in general when I was a kid and would love to read some more mature content on them. I used to like Egyptian, Arthurian, Greek, Celtic and Norse myths in particular. 




 Isn't R-Rated Home Alone just Die Hard? 




 Upvote for "adorably homophobic". 









 It was a joke. Peyton did a great job on Ant-Man, especially in the face of adversity. I wouldn't deny him that. 




 I used to really dig that movie when I was younger, now it's a bit meh, but I love the style to it. 




 Doom, Kang, Annihilus and Galactus are all being screwed by Fox. I'd love to see them and the Silver Surfer brought into the MCU. If they wanted to do the Reed Richards as a villain arc from Ultimate Marvel, I'd be pretty pleased. Unfortunately, Miles Teller is perfect for that Reed. 




 Nah, Bring it On mate. 




 I don't understand the downvotes, I liked most of these, but I wouldn't call any of them the best of the year, but none of them are so atrocious they deserve downvotes. 




 It's fine to watch by itself, but if you want to watch some of the earlier ones, I only recommend 5 and 6. The others are a bit meh, but 5 has some really great action. 




 I'm shocked to see this so low down. ~~Of course he does! He's great.~~ Actually, not a comic book movie. 




 I really like Arrow, but I hate him being a Batman clone in the show. In the comics, Green Arrow is a border-line hippy in his views. The (exaggerated) Frank Miller version describes him as a communist. Watching him torture people and use excessive violence to get revenge and deliver his own form of justice reminds me much more of Charles Bronson in Death Proof than Robin Hood (which is where most of his basic characterisation comes from). 




 The visuals in DoFP make up for how stationary the rest of the film is. 




 Fargo   No Country for Old Men

Stand by Me   Super 8

Goodfellas   Casino   The Wolf of Wall Street 




 Slow West 




 It has 90+% on Rotton Tomatoes. 




 Ehh, wasn't my cup of tea. Certainly not bad, unlike Psycho II or Child's Play. 




 I mean, he did Fright Night, Child's Play and Psycho II. That's hardly a stellar filmography. I'm not even going to mention how unconvincing it'll be having a 72 year-old playing a high schooler. 














 Transmetropolitan. 




 Looking for some slow, romantic and generally pretty and good-looking movies with a focus on landscapes. 




 Garden of Words also has a calm, understated feel to it. It's plot is similar to Lost in Translation, except gender flipped. The animation is on par with 5 Centimetres Per Second, but the story and characters aren't and it ends abruptly. It's still very good, but not as good as 5C/S. 




 Even if it was Pam Grier? 




 True Romance, Lost in Translation, 5 Centimetres Per Second, The Garden of Words. 




 It insists on itself. 




 And the action really isn't great. I really don't like the film's visual style. 




 Premise doesn't captivate me, but Joss returning to comics is pretty exciting. 




 Is it too much to ask for a likable Robin? 




 None of that was a problem with the direction. 




 Ferris Bueller's Day Off 




 Intergalactic private investigator. 




 I couldn't ever settle down either. I'm a leaf on the wind. 




 I wanna see him in the Bendis-era tank top. 




 Actually, they do. It's Formatted like this

 Edgar Wright and Joe Cornish

 and

 Adam McKay and Paul Rudd 




 I'm loving Aaron's run so far and I give him credit, not a single word written has been out of character. 




 I hate finding out he had a wife before A New Hope. You'd think it'd be mentioned a few times in the original trilogy. 




 I prefer the second one, just because it succeeds as a sprawling gangster epic as well as an excellent action film. 




 Completely fresh start with a focus on telling great stories. We see everyone starting out again at the cost of some great supporting characters. Certain books will have interlinked storylines, but no company wide crossovers. Books will be aware of each other, but won't need to conform to match the main books or whatever. We slowly build to the Justice League for like a year or two in each characters respective books, then the first crossover is the formation of the Justice League. A similarly variety of books to DC's current line up. Only two books per character maximum. Origins are rebooted. Creative control is left in the hands of writers and artists and they propel storylines. 




 Please don't. They're both abysmal and contribute little to the characters outside of the book itself.

The only books starring Batman that are good are Batman and Robin, Batman and Detective Comics from #30 onwards. The rest are crap. 




 Doug Liman 




 You'd still think the director would think about these motivations. 




 Simple, but a pretty great story. 




 I love artsy bullshit, but its getting in the way of the narrative right now and it's annoying me. 




 He said he'd have been in Arrow if they asked him. 




 I liked it. 




  I ended up 1600 miles 

That's diameter of dwarf planet Pluto, formerly the smallest planet category of our solar system. 




 The thing about street fights is, the street always wins. 




 You'd respect a guy for abandoning all of his religious beliefs? 




 Luke Cage, Daredevil and Iron Fist teaming up. 




 Because we already pay for it and and it is a government-owned company. 




 Soule on Daredevil and Aaron on Doctor Strange? This'll be great. 




 I wouldn't recommend that. As I said, I'm not a fan of half of those movies, but love the other half. 




 How has this not gotten more attention. This is ridiculous. 









 Except from pretty much all of them. Just look at Captain America's across the movies. 




 Honestly, the first four suck really bad. They're horrendous, but most gearheads I know love them for the exact reason you listed. Come the fifth one, they pretty much became heist/superhero movies. There's only about fifteen minutes of racing between the last three films. And they actually got some pretty interesting female characters which is more than I can say for most blockbusters. They're a bit like a racially and sexually diverse Mission Impossible, they just do ridiculous stunts and banter with each other and that's what makes it so entertaining. Watching the Rock and Vin Diesel have one-liner offs or Ludachris and Tyreese Gibson arguing is just so damn funny and the cast has great chemistry. The setpiece at the end of five is such a blast to watch I feel I have to mention that. If you must watch one, watch Fast 5. It introduces the Rock, has some of he best action (well, maybe 7 can rival it) and it has a pretty great villain. 




 I'll never forget the shock on my face when he leaves Brolin's wife's house and checks his boots for blood. 




 [I love this look](http://www.therpf.com/attachments/f78/marvel-now-punisher-costume-gerads-version-10-22-white-ammo-pouches-added-imageuploadedbytapatalk1405125912-617483-jpg-348172d1405125913) 




 Nova, the Runaways or Young Avengers. You could probably squeeze Kamala Khan into the YA. 




 Anthology series almost never work out wow. Although, the cast is excellent. Nick Offerman could get me to watch anything. 




 Do they take overseas subscriptions? 









 Read the article. 




 Hopefully now that Aaron is on board , this'll change. 




 Selma director. MCU Exchange broke that they were in talks. 




 Buy it. I've got the first one and it's excellent. I've actually performed a monologue from it a couple times. It is truly an excellent piece of writing in keeping with the tone and language of the movies and Shakespeare's tragedies. 









