














 If I had to guess someone probably called in a bomb scare. I saw one officer going parked car to parked car with a dog. 









 Fortune telling that is not explicitly for the purpose of entertainment is a misdemeanor crime in the state of New York. [Penal Law 165.35.](http://law.onecle.com/new-york/penal/PEN0165.35_165.35.html) .  




 [Here](https://cdn.arstechnica.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/Ruling-Phua.pdf) you go. 









 His defense attorneys had never tried a criminal jury case "I did not question the unfairness of Mr. Ford having appointed counsel who had never tried a criminal jury case much less a capital one. It never concerned me that the defense had insufficient funds to hire experts or that defense counsel shut down their firms for substantial periods of time to prepare for trial. These attorneys tried their very best, but they were in the wrong arena. They were excellent attorneys with experience in civil matters. But this did not prepare them for trying to save the life of Mr. Ford." 














 I am a public defender. I have little to no faith in the system. I do not know you personally but I would bet I get more experience with the system in one month than you will in your entire life. I see things you probably can't even imagine. But I am aware that private attorneys have a necessary job to do. I strongly believe in the right of every person to have a competent defense and I hold no negative opinions against any criminal defense attorney for providing that necessary service (some I have negative opinions about for unrelated things).  




 I strongly disagree with you but you're obviously entitled to your opinion. 




 If a private defense attorney defends someone he knows is guilty or believes is likely to be guilty he is a bad guy? 




  he was one of OJ Simpson's lawyers

Do you think all criminal defense attorneys are bad guys for doing their jobs? 




 It was most likely a hearing ordered after a motion to vacate the judgment pursuant to [New York CPL 440.10](http://ypdcrime.com/cpl/article440.htm) was filed. 









 I must have missed all the information in my post dedicated to the mayor. Please point it out to me. You call it nitpicking. I call it presenting the facts accurately. Originally, I thought you unintentionally misrepresented the stats but based upon your reply I more inclined to believe that you intended to mislead others. Looking through your recent posts you repeat your lies in other comments too. Crime is down. You should accept that fact.

You said that crime was up. It is completely relevant that I pointed out that crime overall is down. I'm sorry that someone actually read the information you linked to. As for me being "completely silent" I did not know I was required to respond to every post and every comment on this subreddit in order to point out your wrong information. It also seems that it would be completely unnecessary for me to respond to that "jackass" considering he is at -24 points as of now and has been responded to by others.  




 Based on the link you provided your comment gives a false impression. First, crime overall is down 4.7% from last year. Second: murder, rape, robbery, felony assault, burglary, grand larceny, transit crimes, and housing crimes have decreased this year. You said "sex crimes [and] assault[s]" have increased but you should be more specific. Misdemeanor assaults and misdemeanor sex crimes have increased while felony assaults and rapes have decreased. There does not appear to be a statistic for non-rape felony sex crimes. You are correct that shootings have increased. 




