




  Modern utopias tend to be different because instead of criticising our current world, they imagine what it could become if mankind makes the right choices etc... 

are those mutually exclusive? I would think most utopian fiction tries to do both: both show what's wrong with current society and show a better way. 
 




 Yep, agree. Although 1 and 2 will normally win out in the long run even without luck. 

In fact, maybe I'd say you really need two of three. You can have luck and talent (e.g., I know people signed by big agents when they were in grad school and not even close to finishing a book), work ethic and luck (you grind it out and never do that well, but then one of your ideas just happens to catch on and be in the right place/right time), or talent and work ethic.... but you can't survive with only one.  














 Yeah I mean don't get me wrong, you still have to put in the hours and be dedicated. But tons of people put in tons of hours into things they love (basketball, acting, writing, fashion design, whatever) and never get anywhere because they don't have innate talent.  




 depends on how naturally talented you are. I know people like to pretend that talent doesn't exist, and that's it's just hard work, but some people sell a book 3 years after they start writing, others can't sell one for a decade or more.  









 It sounds cliche, but go with the best and most original story. Don't worry about what will appeal to the larger audience. EITHER could, depending on execution.  




 It probably needs to be above average, but it depends on what you mean by debut/unknown. I think it is really really hard for a debut author with no credentials, platform, or name recognition to sell. It's much easier for a debut author who can get blurbs from authors, who publishes fiction and essays regularly, who has a couple thousand Twitter followers, etc. Having a famous agent helps too. 

There is so much that's a crapshoot and unpredictable though. You might have a hard time if your book happens to be too similar to a big book that just came out, or you might have a better chance if your book happens to be in a genre that just had a big seller. etc.  




 The one thing it does prove is how meaningless being a "#1 Amazon bestseller!" is. Self-published books always slap that table on, when 99.9% of the time they just reached #1 in some tiny niche category on Amazon by selling like 10 copies.  



















  Creative writing courses - what is the consensus on these?

If you have a good class with a good professor, it can do wonders. People grow leaps and bounds in writing courses and MFAs. Seriously. However, I do think it's true that the biggest reason people grow so quickly is that they are putting aside the time to dedicate themselves to the craft. So you can get a similar experience by just truly making writing and reading your full time job. 

MFAs and genre writing classes don't really provide a great return on investment, so I wouldn't take them if they cost tons of money. But plenty of MFA programs are fully funded.  




 I assume by "lesser" you mean a smaller audience? 

I think in this day and age, these boundaries are less important. Jeff VanderMeer's popular and acclaimed Southern Reach trilogy was called science fiction, but was published by a literary publisher (FSG), and nominated for both literary and SF awards. 

That kind of thing is increasingly common in 2015.  



















 yeah, I used to like to read in bed at night but now prefer to read in the day sitting upright.  




 50% of what though? 

What I mean is, the market is FLOODED with crappy books. That's true. Bust most of those are books by celebrities, books by genre authors who pump out 10 books a year (normally with ghostwriters), lackluster efforts be veteran authors, and so on. Lots of others are in specific niches, like certain types of erotica and romance, that sell well no matter what. 

My point: a lot of the crappy books put out by traditional publishing are books by people or in niches that are almost guaranteed to sell some copies. 

The bar for being in the top 50% for debut authors or general literary fiction is probably higher.  


































 No one will want to license anything from a book that isn't selling well or getting great press. 

I'm confused why you'd be into publishing traditionally in papers, magazines, and foreign countries but not in doing so in your country? 




 I'd say the odds are low BUT can be improved quickly by you building a name and reputation: publish stories, or publish essays, or start a blog and get traction in a niche, etc. 

All authors need to help sell their books in 2015, so having platform and reputation and readers really helps 




 it was good! 




 Yeah that's a little less impressive. 30k is barely even a novella.  




 Adjuncting is a total scam no matter what department you are in. If you can't get a full time job, I'd get out of academia as quickly as you can.  









 This is also a GREAT resource for literary fiction markets: http://cliffordgarstang.com/?p=4777 









 Duotrope is a good resource, but I think you have to pay now.  


































 Google "joffrey is misunderstood"! 




 Google Joffrey is misunderstood 




 Yes, but also by reading and learning 




 If there were really super powered people, I imagine a lot would work in prison system keeping villains in. 




 Yes accidental murder is still a crime. If you build a paintball gun you think went hurt people, but kills five you'd go to jail. Wreckless endanderment 




 Historically, it's really crazy and unique for it's time. No one was writing bizarre magical realism like that back then. It's hugely influential, and has inspired magical realists, surrealists, postmodernists, and fabulists for generations. 

The story itself is filled with meaning and can be read in many ways with many interpretations. I think that kind of ambiguity is the hallmark of great fiction.  




 Sure, but fact remains that superheros often say "the end justifies the means" 




 Would actually be an interesting comic idea, like iron Man gives 20 poor people in haiti armor  




 I think you are right about Tywin, great acting on Dance's part in the show 




 Comic book heroes frequently dole out the punishment too. I know Batman drops a lot of criminals off at the police station, but superheroes frequently injure or imprison criminals. Hell, Superman has the whole Phantom Zone prison dimension that he sends villains to!

It's true that most heroes have a "no kill" policy, but they are normally happy to dole out every other form of punishment. 

 




 Cool, I was just reading about terrorist groups who thought they were doing the right thing by using force to achieve what they thought were "good" ends.... 




 Fair enough, although in Star Wars Luke and Darth Vader clearly have way more super powers than the normal humans. I wouldn't say everyone is super in those films!

I can't really remember the specifics of GotG, but I do think most of the crew are indeed more special than the average characters they encounter. Gamora is one of the greatest weapons in the universe, right? Drax has been modified into a living weapon too. I guess Star Lord is pretty much just a dude with a few gadgets though. 




 heh, well I don't think the heroes or villains in the F F movies (i've only seen first couple, not 6 and 7) have actually magical powers equivalent to Jedi force powers or Thor, or even Captain America. 

I realize they are ridiculous action movies where the laws of physics are... frequently bent. But that's true of basically every action movie from Die Hard to Kill bill, right? 

 




 Well the heroes aren't just threatening force...they use force on a daily basis. 

I mean its one thing in-universe where these heroes have been private for decades. But in the real world, if people were suddenly leveling buildings like Hulk while claiming to be heroes we'd pretty sure damn well want them trained and accountable to people. Obviously that's less narratively interesting, but that's what we'd really want, right? 

And it's really no different than real life. We don't let just any rando person own a nuclear bomb, and no matter where you stand on gun control you probably think it is a good thing that assault rifles are registered, etc.  




 But there's no skill to doing a pushup, it is really just muscle. You build up the muscle by doing. 

Writing is more of a skill that you can learn techniques for. 

As I said in other post, you can learn to shoot a jump shot by just shooting blindly forever until you develop a shot, but you will learn better by having some guidance and learning the right movements while also practicing.  




 You do need to practice, but I actually agree with you: learning the craft is just as important as practicing. 

If you want to play basketball, it will be helpful to just go shoot around on the court by yourself for 100. Sure. But it will be MORE helpful to have a coach teach you the proper shot movements for 20 hours and shoot by yourself for 80. 

 




  But personally I think the idea that you should always obey the law (no matter what) a much more disturbing and dangerous lesson to teach kids.

Certainly you don't need to obey every law, but the laws that superheros break aren't unjust laws. Like it is a good thing that our society tries to prevent random citizens from breaking an entering, violently assaulting people, and so on.  




 Even when they work with police is normally illegally, like the commissioner works with Batman but in secret. Superheros rarely have official training or oversight.  




 Yes, it is weird to me how many people claim that superhero comics teach good lessons to kids. The main lesson of superhero comics is that if you count as a "good" guy, then you should break the law and use physical violence to save the day. That's not a great lesson to learn.  




 I'm the opposite. I never understand the point of reading full length non-fiction, when 90% of the time I can learn what I need from a book in a short article online. Non-fiction books feel pointless. 

Fiction, OTOH, has to be experienced as a whole to understand it. It can't be reduced to a bullet point list.  




 you gotta work your way up in books, start as an assistant of some kind and you might be able to move up 




 I'm not sure what we are arguing at this point, but what I'm getting at is that guys with magical superpowers defeating evil villains through physical violence is SOOOO far removed from how morality really works in the real world that it really just doesn't have much bearing on real life. Not sure it really "teaches" anything or reflects our reality at all. 

Does that make any sense? 

Like at no point in most people's lives are they ever confronted with the change to save someone by beating up some being of pure evil. That's really not how it works in life, unless you are like a detective who hunts serial killers. In real life for 99.9999% of the population, people are rarely purely evil or purely good, and fixings problems is almost never solved by one good guy beating up one bad guy.  




 Yep. Emily Nausbaum had a good essay on "bad fans" in relation to Breaking Bad.  




 Yes, I think part of the appeal is fantazing that you, the reader, are Batman or Spider-Man or Wolverine or whatever. 

My point, I guess, is that good art IMPLICATES you, the audience. The audience is forced to question their own assumptions and morality in some way, ideally. But in most superhero comics, the good and evil sides are so clear and simplistic that you are never implicated. That's what makes it escapism. It doesn't challenge you, it soothes you. 

That's totally cool. Soothing fiction has it's place too. But I think Moore's point is that this kind of fiction has so utterly overtaken the culture that it is out of balance. 
 




 fair enough! I'm all for a shirt towards more rollicking space adventures myself.  




 I think maybe we're both mixing up "fantasy" as a genre and "fantasy" as unrealistic escapist fiction. When Moore is talking about superhero comics being a simplistic childhood fantasy of having powers to beat up "bad" guys, he isn't talking about it in the sense of "fantasy" like Game of Thrones or whatever. 

Fantasy, the genre, does not require childish escapism or black and white morality (though it does feature both sometimes.) Moore himself almost always includes some kind of magical or fantasy elements in his fiction and comics. He's not shitting on the idea of magic or unreality in fiction. 

What I meant is that even in speculative fiction, SF and fantasy and superhero comics, you can have complex morality. It doesn't have to be an escapist fantasy.  




 Thanks! Yeah I didn't think I was being controversial, as you note is a plot point in plenty of batman stories 




 Well... you could say the same thing about a ton of superheros. Batman is just a rich guy with fancy toys. Tony Stark is just a rich guy with fancy toys. Lots of heroes are like Cap, "peak" ability humans with some faux-science enhancements.  




 Which is the essence of all superhero comics, isn't it? 

It's unethical to break and enter... unless a hero does it. It's unethical to spy on people's minds... unless a hero does it. It's unethical to destroy tons of property... unless a hero does it. It's unethical to go outside the law for justice... unless a hero does it. 

etc.  




 I don't think you're understanding me, or I'm not being clear. 

What I'm saying is that in the real world, real good mostly comes from empowering other people and with smaller personal moral choices. It does a lot more good to give people in a third world climate the means by which to improve their own lives than it does to fight one bad guy. It does more good to root out structural racism in policing than it does to take down one racist cop. It does more good to fix the campaign laws that let corporations run our politics than it does to bust one politican for a sex scandal. 

But the superhero fantasy is this abstract one of a special individual with magic powers fighting some purely evil being. When I say it is a selfish fantasy, I mean it's one where the fantasy comes from the idea of you being in the place of the hero and you flying around saving the day one bad guy at a time. It's not about empowring people or fixing structural problems, its about "taking out he bad guy" all by yourself. 

 




 yeah that's what I was saying, the fantasy people like is being a rich handsome dude with tons of fancy tech toys. But maybe that makes the creeping right wing morality even worse? Because people dont' realize that's what they are reading?  




 I thought Civil War was completely ruined, even though the premise could be good. Instead of presenting the two sides as both having real points, they turned it so the pro-reg people were basically totally wrong and overreaching and willing to violate their own morality while the anti-reg people were the clear heroes. 

It's doubly annoying because the pro-reg people are obviously right: in the real world, we wouldn't want private citizens with no regulation to be using superpowers in public like that... just like we don't allow any random citizen to purchase tanks, bazookas, and nuclear bombs. It takes a lot of narrative twisting to make people who are against registering what are essentially nuclear bombs held in private hands into heroes.  




 Oh sure I love all those characters as characters because they are well developed, but what I'm saying is that there are a million Tumblr posts with titles like "Why Cersei is a feminist icon" or "Why Tywin is actually the most moral commander" or "Littlefinger is the true hero, go Peter!" or "Why Joeffrey is misunderstood and not responsible for his actions" etc. THAT kind of fandom is scary.  




 Both reading and writing will help you.  




 Like a big element of Fantastic Four is the Skull / Kree conflicts, and DC has the whole New Gods jack kirby stuff. The Inhumans (which are being made into a movie I think) are literally a race of superheroes all with unique powers living on the moon.  




 In addition, even when superheroes are shown to have truly made a mistake--which is rare, but happens sometimes-- they are never actually punished. 

Take the last avengers. Tony Stark tries to play god with a machine defense system, and ends up causing the deaths of thousands and almost the destruction of life on earth. Not only does he not actually, I dunno, get sent to jail for life or suffer any kind of punishment he saves the day by... playing god by making a superpowered machine. He literally saves the day the same way he threatens the day. 

Same movie: Hulk goes crazy and does massive damage, probably killing many. We see him sulking and feeling bad about it, but he again isn't imprisoned or hidden away from society to stop him constantly killing people. (I know the movies don't show him killing exactly, but if you are smashing over buildings then people are dying). 

Batman hacks everyone's cellphones, suffers no punishment for it. so on and so forth. The good guys "learn a lesson" but never get punished. That's part of the fantasy.  




  The superhero genre is one of the best at pointing out that altruistic motivations do not justify any action.

Totally disagree! I think the ENTIRE fantasy of superhero comics is that the ends justify the means if you are a good guy. 

Superheros are at their core vigilantes: people who illegally fight crime outside of official channels. They break and enter, assault people, and do lots of other things that legal law enforcers are not supposed to do. But the idea is that since they are "good" and have good motives, it's cool that they constantly break the law. 

But it goes beyond just that. Every psychic character violates not just the minds of evil villains but also, at some point, heroes/friends/family in order to save the day. Every tech genius type violates privacy and hacks into databases to save the day. You can go to Cracked.com types sites and see tons of lists of "insane punishments by Superheroes" where they do really messed up things to supervillains that would certainly violate our ethical standards if a police officer did them. 

etc. 

Superheroes embody the "end justifies the means" ideal.  




 I guess my disagreement would be that both Marvel and DC have huge "space" elements to their universes, with heroes and races who take place on different worlds and rarely interact with earth.  




 A vigilante is just anyone taking law into own hands without legal authority. It has nothing to do with killing  




 A vigilante is just anyone taking law into own hands without legal authority. It has nothing to do with killing  




 A vigilante is just anyone taking law into own hands without legal authority. It has nothing to do with killing  




 Yep, and even people trying to be conscious can fall for it, like all the "Cersei is a a feminist icon!" posts by supposed feminists who just want to root for a powerful female character and ignore all the horrible things she's done (including to many other female characters!)  




 They are all (sans Ozy) getting credit with the audience. That's the power fantasy. They sacrifice themselves, but the audience doesn't. They just get to watch and project themselves.  




 Sure, and it's not unique to comics. There's a reason that like every Disney protagonist is an Orphan. We love rooting for the underdog, and while it's kind of absurd to think of a superhero as an underdog when they have magic powers we can KINDA view them as such if they are orphans, victims of prejudice, loser outcasts pre-power, etc.  




 It's not short sighted, and we aren't talking about real life. We are talking about FANTASIES, children's comics and superhero films. 

Yes, obivously if it was real life then the Avengers saving humanity from evil aliens is "good" and "builds a better world"

That's not the point. 

The point is that having a handful of magical misfits beat evil alien invaders is just a simplistic and childish narrative structure. That's fine if it is a kid's movie, but Moore's point is that the culture as a whole shouldn't get so wrapped up in that kind of childish fantasy. 

Like someone else pointed out, even in fantasy you can have more moral complexity and a more interesting fantasy world with something like Game of Thrones.  




 I certainly agree that most people in the modern era like a little shade of grey to their heroes: they want them to be either an outcast, a rebel, or some kind of anti-hero. So they prefer the X-Men, Batman, and Spiderman types to the goody two shoes Superman/Captain America types. (I do too) 




 Cat's Cradle is my favorite. It's even better than SH5 somehow.  




   He doesn't have the authority to do that. 

Batman doesn't have the authority to do anything. He's a private citizen. All his activities are basically illegal. (He goes far beyond what's legal in citizen's arrests or citizen crime prevention.)  




 They are often considered that way, I agree. Like they get lumped in with SF on IMDB's top movie rankings and stuff 




 To be more clear, I'm not saying the fantasy has to involve getting public credit. The twist that you DESERVE public credit but the stupid public doesn't understand (ala Batman or X-Men) is just a version of the same thing.  




  seem to appeal more than patriarchs like Captain America and Superman.

What are you basing that on? The Captain America and Iron Man films were HUGE successes, and the 2 most popular superhero films ever are far and away the 2 Avengers films, where Captain American and Iron Man are basically the leads. 

I think the fact that Superman's last couple films haven't been reviewed that well is just that they are bad movies, not anything about the character's lack of appeal. 

There is certainly an appeal to the X-Men/Spider-Man "losers who turn out to be heroes" school. For sure. But that doesn't really have anything to do with what I'm saying. I'm saying the fantasy tends to be about an individual saving the day, as opposed to a community empowering itself or a hero spreading power to the disenfranchised. Like, you never see a superhero film where Iron Man gives technology to the inner city poor or Spider-Man helps lead a revolution. 

That's all fine. Superhero films don't have to do everything. But it's a narrow, individual fantasy.  




 Yeah uh... sure. The comedian's point was that Batman is written as a right wing fantasy: a rich white CEO who beats up street criminals with "broken windows" theory of city saving. 

Look, I like Batman, but nothing you are saying is disagreeing with the guy's point. You are just saying how Batman comics are written to be that way. Yes, I know they are written to be that way. That's kind of the point. Batman isn't a real person, the writers could have written him differently.  




 yes, whoops! 




 Honestly feel that the rise in superheros movies has more to do with general market dynamics than with anything about millenials or our current political situation. 

Basically, movies are driven by the global market now and the only thing that does well in the global markets are flashy big budget action films that can be enjoyed across cultures even if you don't understand all the subtext. 

On top of that, people flock towards familiar names, so turning widely known comic book characters who have been around for decades into movies is just the obvious course. 

I'd lump these Superhero films in with Harry Potter, Hunger Games, and the rest of the big budget action franchises in this regard. The trend is towards that more than superheros per se.  




 I don't mean that as an insult? 

I just don't understand thinking, "I'm tired of all these big budget action films about people with super powers overcoming evil... can't wait for Star Wars!"  




 Oh come on, 99.99% of the time Batman is beating up on street crime or organized crime types. He is almost never going after corrupt politicians or CEOs polluting the world. Even rich guys like Penguin operate mostly street crime operations in most batman comics.  




 how was his comment a straw man? the majority of conservatives DO think gay people shouldn't marry, and major GOP politicians talk about it all the time. That's not a straw man, that's an accurate description of the standard conservative position! 




 I mean... sure, but there are still degrees. And as a fantasy, there is a difference between say fantasizing about a world where women don't have to worry about being raped and fantasizing about a world where you, the big strong man, saves every woman and gets to be the hero.  




 Yes, it general it is best to be consistent with your story elements.  




 And what makes it more of a SF adventure than The Avengers? The only real difference is the trappings--(more) space travel, (more) alien races, (more) flying ships--not anything inherent to the genre really. Or at least I can't see what the difference is beyond the trappings.  




 but the same problem persists here. There are tons of people who actually think Littlefinger or Cersei or Tywin or even Joffrey are "misunderstood" and actually horoes we should be rooting for. (Believe me, I spend too much time in ASOIAF fandom and I see this all the time.) 

People aren't just drawn to shitty characters because they are well crafted, but realize they are monsters. They often root for the monsters.  




 But notice how it's "I wish I had the power to save people and be a big hero!" and not "I wish I had the power to empower other people." The superhero fantasy is ultimately a selfish one, one about saving people and getting all the credit and feeling good about your powers... not about working to create a better world or helping to empower the disenfranchised.  




 No, I'm saying "good vs. evil movies featuring special individuals with super powers" are superhero films. 

What makes the Guardians of the Galaxy different from Star Wars? One is called a superhero film only because it started out in comics first, but the structure of them is basically the same. Even the feel and style are the same with those two examples.  




 I've read a shitload of comics in my day, and they are pretty simplistic 99.999999% of the time.  









 Sure, but I don't think that the appeal of Iron Man or any other comic film has to do with Tony Stark's position on tariffs or school vouchers. It's just the power fantasy, and fun to see big explosions. 

Also, on a narrative level having an individual overcome enemies through their own boot-strappiness is always going to work better for a story. So when you are writing about superheros fighting governments or rival armies or whatever, it's always going to lean to this right wing individualism thing.  




 I feel like if you try to apply "hard SF" standards to most science fiction you'd end up deciding no science fiction is really SF. I mean, Dune or The Left Hand of Darkness or The Martian Chronicles or almost anything you can name are basically just fantasies set in space.  




 Sure, and Harry Potter could also be argued to be a superhero film of sorts. Certainly, for the purposes of Moore's critic, it is equally childish and simplistic.  




 That's true! But I still think the basic structure of a Star Wars kind of film is very similar to a superhero film: seemingly normal human discovers they have amazing powers and have to use them to defeat some evil force. 

I'd still prefer the Star Wars type film because you get cool aliens and sets and stuff. Guardians of the Galaxy was my favorite Marvel film, and it was basically just a Star Wars film.  




 No no, I meant some of the other posts in this thread about how it's "REALLY about being disabled" or it's "Really about not having self-esteem and thinking you are a bug" or it's "Really about.." this or that.  




 maybe, although aren't the star wars movies basically just SF superhero films? The Jedi have super powers, they save the world from evil bad guys... it's all the same stuff basically.  




 Yes, if you don't focus on actual views and just represent the rich lifestyle people will love the fantasy. People want to be Tony Stark because he is a super rich playboy with fancy toys.  




 Superheroes really are pretty messed up if you try to think about them as anything other than children's fantasies. They are masked vigilantes with no control, oversight, regulation, or anything else to curb their destructive powers. 

In comics, we can pretend it's all good because they are "good guys" but in the real world we'd never want individual humans with no oversight to be judge jury and executioner or use massive firepower in populated areas.  




  If this is the most famous short story in literary history, why hadn't I heard of it until I was an adult?

That seems like something with your education... although why do you think you should know about short stories as a child? 

I think "The Metamorphosis" is clearly up there as one of the most famous short stories of all time. I'm not sure what would be more famous... maybe "The Dead" by James Joyce? 

folk tales aren't really considered "short stories" though, and they don't have single iterations. Plus most of those fairy tales in Grimm's collections aren't that famous themselves, they have famous adaptations in film but most people don't read the tales in written form.  




  Though I'll agree that the literal, the symbolic, or the metaphorical readings are probably all as valid as each other as far as this story goes.

Great art should be read on ALL these levels. But suggesting that one simplistic and children's book level morality reading of the story ("it's about how you should be yourself!" or whatever) is the "real" meaning of the story shows how much we fail students in English class. That's now how fiction should be read.  




  After saying this in a different way after those questions, the ones presenting never got it, they kept saying he was a bug, or insect.

They were correct! He is quite literally a bug in the story. Not sure why that's hard to grasp.

have you read Kafka's other work? Almost all of it involves the surreal and the fantastic. These weird goings on are "literally" happening in the same way there are literally dragons in Game of Thrones or there is literally a man with giant wings in Gabrial Garcia Marquez.  

  I answered saying that insects breathe through their skin, and he couldn't actually let out a breath if he was one. 

Then how do you explain his ability to crawl up the wall? The fact that Kafka didn't know the anatomy of beetle breathing is more likely a mistake (or a mistranslation on the translator's part). 

 So if Kafka's character was actually a huge bug, then why would his family or sister take care of him? how would she know it was him?

Only his sister takes care of him, his parents try to kill him and... succeed!  




  What did they think it was supposed to represent, how much people hate bugs?

Most authors don't write things that are supposed to have simple singular meanings and some easy 1 to 1 representation. The story doesn't "represent" something, it deals with multiple themes and has multiple meanings.  




  Their argument was that Kafka wrote such straight-forward pieces the rest of the time, that this was his venture into the fantastic

waaaah? Kafka wrote straight-forward pieces? 

What Kafka are you referring to? The Trial and the Castle both have completely surreal bureaucracies. A Report to the Academy has an ape turning into a gentlemen to avoid the zoo. "A Country Doctor" is the height of the fantastic and surrealism, weirder than any Dali painting.  

basically all of his stories have the fantastic and aren't straight forward at all? 




 It's worth remembering that Kafka DID publish a lot of work during his life, including The Metamorphosis. Presumably, he was only tasking Brod with burning his unfinished manuscripts and his letters and such, not asking him to go burn every copy of his alreayd published books (which wouldn't be "unread") 




 Fantastic story, but honestly I think a lot of Kafka's other stories are even better. I believe Kafka felt the same way, that the Metamorphosis wasn't his best.  




 Canon is just anything that happens that "counts" in the world, so I think what you mean is not canon but backstory and exposition? It definitely drags down the pacing of a book to put too much of that in the text. 

Even a writer like Tolkien who was obsessed with his world remembered to stick a lot of his backstory in the Similarion where most readers wouldn't bother with it, so LOTR doesn't get too bogged down.  









  When I write, should I lean for a more "neutral" text, or more of something that the character would say?

There is no "should" or "shouldn't" here. Lots of amazing books come from an omniscient or neutral 3rd person POV, and lots of other amazing books use what is called "close 3rd person" or "free and direct speech" (that's when you dip into the characters heads, and thus speak more child-like when using POV of child). 

There is no right or wrong though, it depends on how you like to write and what you want to achieve.  









 Good writing is original, and you need to know what is unoriginal to be able to do something new. 

So yeah, I think it is good to know the general tropes and try to understand how you can tweak or change them.  
























 Let me note here that I actually don't even like Franzen's work much, it just isn't for me. I don't care about realist depictions of the American middle class. Snore. 

BUT I don't think any of Franzen's hate is about his fiction, which is wildly popular among readers despite the claims of him being a snooty highbrow elitist. It is all about his persona in interviews and in essays.  




 Franzen is basically hated because he's a grumpy opinionated guy who is willing to state his opinions even if it means getting people mad. He doesn't play the "like/reblog/share!" economy of modern technology where it pays to be super positive about books and authors all the time... unless you are attacking one of the preapproved targets like EL James or, well, Franzen. 

I don't even like Franzen's work much, but the hate he gets is silly. 

What are the roots? There are two main ones

1) In the early 00s he picked a fight with experimental and literary authors essentially arguing that good fiction is popular with readers and follows conventional narrative structure, and posing experimental literature as some kind of threat to good fiction. A lot of experimental writers took issue with this, especially because... why bother picking on writers that so few people read anyway? How are experimental writers a "threat" to reading when most people have never even picked up a single book of experimental writing? 

2) The Oprah Book Club debacle where he expressed some ambivalence about being picked for the club, worrying that he'd be read as a beach read instead of as a serious work of fiction. This got him accused of sexism and cemented his reputation as an elitist literary snob.... despite item 1). 

So. After the above, Franzen was kind of hated by BOTH the postmodern/experimental/forward thinking lit world AND the populist/middle brow fiction world. Not a great position to be in. 

Then two pretty crappy chick lit writers, Picoult and Wiener, decided to boost their own careers by whining about how Franzen was getting too much attention for FREEDOM and claiming it was proof of both sexism and of "popular fiction" being overlooked. There IS plenty of sexism in literature, but the second claim is pure nonsense because Franzen is a massively best-selling author. The Corrections and Freedom both are in the top 10 year-end best seller lists... no Picoult or Weiner books are. So by their own logic, he should be getting far more attention. 

Anyway, both of them have big twitter followings so they convinced an army of chick lit fans that Franzen was this evil literary snob. So now he was hated by the high brow/experimental set, the middle brow/Oprah populism set, AND the low brow chick lit world. 

After that, every time Franzen whines about something--and to be sure, he does whine a lot--(twitter, global warming, whatever)--or says anything negative about an author (DFW, Salinger, Edith Wharton) he gets a swell of hate from all sides.

If he'd just sat back and been positive about everything and cheered everyone on, no one would hate him. 
 




 Franzen is a huge seller whose last two books rank up with King and Patterson on year end best seller list. It makes no sense to say average readers don't like his books 




 An apostrophe s is always either a contraction or a possessive. It's Palmettos  














 Historical authors do this all the time. People can and do get mad, but you certainly wouldn't be alone in doing so 









 what's the lowest price listed on amazon?  









 those are all pronounceable! Plus they serve the purpose of actually sounding alien 




 Word is correct in this case. If you have a character speaking and you want to render their colloquial dialogue, you can maybe use her, but the correct grammar is "she" 




 I think that some applications will count hyphenated words and contractions as either single or two words. I've also heard some applications either count or don't count numbers.

So "I've got 2 word-counting programs" could either be 4, 5, 6 or 7 words depending on how the application counts.  




 Yeah, there are tons of industries built on exploiting people's dreams. 

One thing really weird/sad about self-publishing is that scammers, corporations, and crooks have managed to infect all sides of it. Writers get tricked into the kind of services in this link, while readers have to contend with "books" that are 20 pages long flooding the market and purchased Amazon reviews. 

 









 I expect every publishing company from Amazon to the big 5 to start doing this soon. Lots of money to be made it people's dreams. It's gross, but so widely practiced...  














 hmm, yeah not the best way to produce great literature 




 Indie bookstores have bounced back a little in the last few years, but only after they were closing down rapidly for most of last 15 years and I think the overall number of bookstores is still down since the big chains keep going out of business.  




 Yeah that is an idiotic article. 

No matter what you think about the whole issue, Amazon is working to undercut prices to levels that aren't sustainable for print books and which put bookstores out of business leaving Amazon with a monopoly on distribution. 

Now, you can certainly think the above is fine and say that ebooks are the future, print and physical bookstores should die, and that if Amazon becomes a monopoly another eretailer will emerge to compete. I've seen plenty of people here even argue that publishers should all die and serve no purpose. I disagree, but that's fine. Still,  it is certainly easy to understand "why publishers are hostile"! 




 I like it, but I think that his novels BLOOD MERIDIAN and CHILD OF GOD are even better 









 I've never been a systems analyst, but being a copywriter, social media manager, and so on can be just as soul crushing. 

If your goal is to be a creative writer of some sort, my suggestion would be to get whatever job pays the best for the least and write your stories/memoir/novel on the side. 

If you want to be a content writer, you can actually get paid pretty well to be on the staff of a place like Buzzfeed, Gawker, etc. But you'd have to spend a while building up a freelance portfolio--which pays much worse--before getting that kind of gig. 

It's also possible to get good gigs as a copywriter or copyeditor, but again I think freelancing some is the best way to get there.  



















 well, agree to disagree. This is one of the best selling books of all time. Shitty porn is rarely racking in as much money as Avatar or The Avengers, you know?  




 I'm certainly not "upset" about it, but I gotta disagree with you: lady porn can still have grammatically correct sentences and at least okay writing. 50 Shades really does read like it was written by someone whose second language is english and which was never edited. Just basica grammar and narrative logic are lost... and it's funny! 
























 Best book! 









 Well we may just have to agree to disagree. Having worked some in film, the constraints of budget and other outside factors like shooting schedules for actors can drastically impact work. Scratch that, I'd say they ALWAYS impact every single TV show or film. 

It's why TV shows do "bottle" episodes, or why certain segments of TV shows can be so much worse (example: the Dorne storyline in last season of Game of Thrones had a rush turnaround and much smaller film team). 

Yeah, sure, of course all art forms get impacted by money and other factors, but a novelist will never have to write off a character because the actor lands a better gig or cancel their plan for an army of dragons because the FX budget can only make one. Those factors in film are huge. 

But that doesn't mean film is better or worse than books. It's just one difference.  














 To be clear I'm not saying it is BETTER necessarily (although I think I agree with you) only pointing out that the FX budget does change what they can do.  




 If you want a good example of this, take Game of Thrones. It's the most expensive TV show ever and has a gigantic cast... yet it still has to drastically cut down set pieces, characters, and battles to be filmable. I guess I shouldn't say more without spoiler warnings, but if you've read the books you know what huge set pieces get left out for budget reasons. 

And, again, that's with like the most popular and expensive show on TV. For more moderately budgeted work, you get even less.  




 but the difference is that filmmakers have the limits of their imagination AND the limits of budget. 

I'm not sure what you mean by "detailed" but it is certainly true that books have unlimited scope in what they can depict in a way that films (at least non-animated ones) don't have. 

That doesn't make books better or worse than films, it's just something different.  




 if you have readers, publishers will be interested.... however it might be tricky if what you want to sell is something in a genre where you are saying you don't have readers.  




 seems like a fun thing to do on a blog to build an audience 









 Yeah, totally. Part of the problem is that great genre fiction gets labeled literary. Even people like Kurt Vonnegut wind up in the lit section of bookstores 




 But that isn't all that literary fiction is. Plenty of non-naturalic,  non-real world writing is shelved in literary fiction: Kafka, Murakami, David Mitchell, all the Southern Gothic and Gothic writers, Pynchon, David Foster Wallace, etc.  




 Gotta respectfully disagree with you on the first point.

First off: "genre" means more than SF/Fantasy. Erotica, Romance, crime... plenty of genre work takes place in our world and there is no alternate world/timeline/ or anything else to juggle. 

On the flip side, plenty of "literary" writers from Shakespeare to Kafka to Murakami use unreal elements in their literary fiction, so lit fiction can juggle the unreal too.  




 It's also intentionally cheap, the "pulp" stuff. Like bookstores are filled with "how to write [x] genre in 10 steps" and writers in certain reddit writing forums brag about being able to pump out 10 books a year using same formula. 

And that's totally cool!

But always good to keep in mind there ARE great innovative genre writers in addition to those.  




 In addition to my other post, it's worth reminding your friend that much of what is "literary fiction" now used to genre fiction in genres that just don't exist anymore. Wuthering Heights is gothic fiction, Flannery O'Connor and Faulkner were Southern Gothic, Jane Austen wrote Novels of Manners, and so on and so forth.  




 I could type an entire book length reply here, but here is the TL;DR version: 

"Genre" means multiple things. If by "genre" you mean formulaic pulp fiction that tries to be as generic as possible and repeat what's been done, then yes, that kind of genre fiction is less meaningful and artistic than great literary fiction. This kind of "genre" really does exist too, bookstores are filled with it.

BUT BUT BUT "genre" also refers to books that are every bit as artistic and meaningful as "literary fiction" but just happen to feature some tropes that we've clumped together and called a genre. 

Ursula K Le Guin, Gene Wolfe, Raymond Chandler... great "genre" (2nd kind) authors are every bit as good as great literary authors. 




 Basically any line in 50 Shades of Grey 









 I'm just pointing out that book succeeded in being a #1 bestseller by Amazon's silly standards, if that is the book from the experiment.  




 Yes and no. It's true the mass market publishing industry uses a lot of ghostwriters, but they don't pump out 20 pages "books" ghostwritten by some schlub in Asia being paid 100 bucks.  




 Huh? HP Lovecraft didn't put out many books in his lifetime, much less ghostwritten ones.  




 James Patterson has a ghostwriting team that does all his books, even the non co-authored ones. Open secret in the publishing world.  




 #1 in Kindle Store  Kindle eBooks  Romance  Historical Romance  Ancient World
#1 in Kindle Store  Kindle eBooks  Literature   Fiction  African American  Historical 




 I find this totally fascinating and creepy 




 You are totally right, but this also feels kinda pedantic. I've worked as a copywriter, freelance writer, social media content writer, and so on and those jobs bare little relation to fiction. Yeah, technically words on paper, but it's like saying you can still have a job as a "director" by making flash animation advertisements, or you can still have a career in "music" by programming the playlists in department stories 




 yeah, I have several in the air at all times... unless one comes out really quickly.  



















 and true of anything, not just writing. Like, you can love sports or acting or whatever and still not make it broadway or the NBA 














 yes, but even more in /r/writing and the writing subreddits 









  Do what you love passionately and competitively, and the money will come.

This sounds nice, but obviously not true. Most wannabe artists don't end up making any money, and even many of the greats died in poverty only to have their work discovered or get popular after death 




