 This is better than the source, same flight:

http://youtu.be/DvFvBbsQVI4

 




 This too, shall pass. 




 Oh, don't be unsure of this. It happened. 




 Wait, what? You put the rock in your mouth? Was it that difficult to run with a rock in your hand? 




 My car doors go like this! Not like this. 




 I have so much karma I don't know what to do with it! 




 I'm two-upping this comment. 




 Not for me, it isn't. But that's just me. Me me me! 




 Too much time on Reddit? 




 Help. Seriously. 




 Uh...drink it? 




 Stab his eyes out with me duel wield jello pudding pop. 




 Try OITNB. Or Entourage. Or Six Feet Under.  Or Breaking Bad. All depends on her interests in genres. 




 A chupacabra. Or a retarded chihuahua, depending on who you ask. 




 Never thought I would do THAT skydiving! 




 Because they are idiots. 




 Two dicks on one pussy, classic. 




 Holy shit snacks who can sleep like that? 




 It seems Will Barrow carried a heavy load. 




 Threaten to kill them with grapes if they don't buy grapes. 




 That's Jenny Clouster, isn't it? 




 Found a cure for cancer. 




 OP delivers. 









 Syberia, you say? 




 They're just [sitting there...](http://imgur.com/GAxJny4)

EDIT: Found a bit of info on the bird one: "Boeing 727 once owned by Sport Hawk Chicago now owned by Interair South Africa and stored at El Paso International." 









 Sucks you are at work and not down at the beach, yo. 




 Yes. Because. 




 Brilliant. 




 Drove to work!

EDIT: Going to eat lunch at a shady chinese food joint, though. 




 $48.42 




 That's a molar! 




 You'll be amazed what Redditors can sleuth out. 




 Heh, nah just familiar with the fauna around here! 




 That hillside looks like the Peninsula! 




 Was Bismarck a herring? 




 But what do you think they'll do with it? 




 Oh shit I didn't know it was out! Sweet! 




 Forever Young from Alphaville. 




 Giggity 




 "Its" VS "It's." 




 PEA. Pedophile Eradication Association. 




 Nicest, not grossest. 




 Is Safari an app? 




 Racer 5, go-to beer. 




 They believe fish can fly...

They believe they can touch the sky. 




 /r/wtf plays a vuvuzela. 




 A nice back scratch. 




 Aubergine. 




 Asked a friend when her baby was due. She wasn't pregnant. 




 The worst people in the world to work with are the ones who steal your food from the fridge. 




 I'll let you know when it happens. 




 Wat 




 Bojack Horseman. 




 I really want to see some answers here. This is one highly annoying phenomena that occurs at airports. 




 Did you post this to /r/porsche yet? 




 This makes me sad. 




 [Oooooh!](http://imgur.com/gallery/k5RYAgh) 




 Maybe not in your head. 




 I really liked watching this loop about 8 times. Like a clown car at the circus. 




 You're screwed, now you need a helicopter to get you out of there. 




 To be clear, I am not the artist. 




 It's real. I posted a [picture](https://i.imgur.com/zBIXJNT.jpg) of it last week.

Edit - added pic link. 




 [More here.](http://inhabitat.com/nightmarish-figures-made-from-old-vhs-tapes-wander-in-frozen-iceland/v-hs-project-by-philip-ob-rey-1/?extend=1) 









 Yeah. This description would make for a nice picture... 




 "Frageelay!" 




 Then Lockheed shopped it.

https://www.f35.com/media/photos-detail/f-35a-aerial-refueling

 




 Arrested, most likely. 




 Taken. 




 Stay within your weight class. 




 Humminy humminy humminy...waaaaaaaaah. 




 OPs mom's spaghetti. 




 Sometimes you just gotta say, what the fuck. 




 Your mom. 




 She dumped you. Don't be that hurt puppy kind of guy. Move on, you'll be better off in the long run. 




 And Clerks 2. And not just because it was really bad. 




 I bet the restrooms at Ikea are really clean. 




 Anything bigger than a handful, you're risking a sprained thumb. 









 Led Zeppelin - Whole Lotta Love 




 "My parents just came home!" 




 [The Milgram Experiment.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Milgram_experiment) 




 It's a lot less exciting. Compared it to those fishing shows where it looks like they are catching agiant fish every time they cast. Nope, they take 10 hours of footage and put it into 20 minutes of action.

Same thing in courts. Lots of boring rambling from lawyers and witnesses with the occasional interesting moment. 




 Because it's home. Because we have roots. Because despite the expenses and threat of earthquakes, it is indescribably beautiful.

Bad shit can happen almost anywhere in the world. 




 Dust in the Wind, Kansas. 




 I wish they all could be California girls. 




 That I am both extremely hungry and lazy. 




 No. More people are coming, actually, because of the tech boom. 




 Guess I am boring, then. 














 Ah yes, the ever popular "Penisnimbus" cloud. 




 Yeah, I mean technically it isn't an "intro," as it is it's own track. But I hear you, YRGM isn't the same without it.

Did you watch him do it on Jimmy Kimmel? [Freaking amazing.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=loCSuOovbnE) 




 Are you kidding? It's an ongoing saga. Happens every few months.

Here's one from three years ago.

https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/k6ecs/soooo_what_was_in_that_safe/

 




 Gigantic tits. 




 That rainbow king dude in Katamari freaks me out. 




 The Dark Tower by Stephen King. 




 Madmen. 




 Way she goes, boys. 




 If that's wrong I don't want to be right. 




 Russia: Bear House

"Claws, teeth, might." 




 Titanic. 




 Van Halen, Eruption.

Edit: AC/DC Thunderstruck is nice, too. 




 Beer is yummy. 




 Underwear first, then pants. 




 Showing us the locked safe you discovered and not delivering on its contents. 




 Crunchberries puts out a "berry only" box once in a while. 




 Mute 




 And be really pissed off. 




 Cartman singing "Heat of the Moment." 




 I was going to say this, but I like my dick. 




 Giant mosquitos, tacky excessive wealth, heat, swamps, alligators, flying cockroaches, crazy people. See /r/floridaman. 




 Half a billion...HFS. 




 I can't see her face, how do you know she was a beauty? 




 Bah! No way will it sell for this much without a warranty! 




 Grab this one for 80k. Only 215,000 miles.

http://www.carsauto.com/1993-porsche-911-rs-america-c-1113.htm?

 




 I think I would find it hard to stare at those all day without owning one. Nice view though! 




 I hope you didn't actually *pay* to see them live. 




 The way these cars handle, EVERYTHING flies around if I don't batten down the hatches.

I use those cargo nets in the back often! 




 Hungry for french fries. Too lazy to get them. 




 Mister Magoo. 




 Ghengis Khan is stillborn. 




 Still watched it all because of boobs. 




 Creed 




 Yahoo. 




 And Cheescake Factory! 




 Not to mention all the animals just waiting for the chance to kill you. 




 You don't have national parks? 




 Wow they still make cars like that? 




 07 here.

I dislike how the seatbelt gets wedged between the seat and door, causing me to have to open the door to get my seatbelt on. 




 This has to be the right answer. 




 Gary, Indiana. 




 "What is love?" 




 And every country has their share of assholes. 




 I'm a what? 




 You do know the first answer every time this is asked here, right?

OPs mom. 




 I'm not, eh. 




 Learn to play guitar. 




 What if you work from home? 




 Don't gossip. Keep your pie hole shut except for work related stuff. 




 TP. Don't skimp on that. 




 I'd probably get an uncontrollable urge to go stuff my face with Chinese food. 




 Be nice, if you ever want to get another job in fast food again. 




 Three for one, that 959. 




 So I should have said "not shaving bushy armpits." 




 "Don't buy that gun. Dude." 




 With a beer, right? 




 Brandy. 




 Bojack Horseman  




 Just another brick in the wall. 




 "'Sip, homie? How's it hanging?"

"Slow and low, bro." 




 Cards Against Humanity  




 The Final Countdown. 




 OP 




 Pet rocks. 




 Same. 




 She was all...

And I was like... 




