 Here's Sam vs. terrifying cat:

https://youtu.be/ASZkRM1vx54?t=7s 




 The private fake agents would've missed 100%.

TRUST ME: they truly sucked. And were officious jerks.  At least with TSA, you see some glimmers of professionalism.

Don't forget: private security companies like Argenbright and their ilk in NYC and Boston were the ones that let boxcutters and skeevy people onto the 9/11 flights.   




 The show's been on for freaking 11 seasons!

It would be nice if the Darkness just unleashed would get it back to its roots.

I need to re-watch the early seasons again.  I have seen every ep as it aired.   




 https://i.imgur.com/XSTVI.gif 




 We should never have broadcasted Glenn Miller.

The space aliens are going to attack and demand that he throws a concert before they depart. 




 I see your Catherine Deneuve in the 60's pic and raise you one Catherine Deneuve in the 70's pic:

http://clampart.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/Jerry-Schatzberg-Catherine-Deneuve-Repose-1.jpg 




 You're missing my point -- the private security agents could do whatever they wanted.  

At least now they're somewhat accountable.

However I don't think a machete would've been allowed pre-9/11.  I flew from San Diego to DC in the 70's and I remember I took a clock radio with me.  They made me plug it in at the gate to make sure it worked.  I was perhaps a 12 year old boy. 

I live in DC now.  I hate the security theater.  Coming back from a Nationals game last month, there were all these DHS paramilitary police in black in the Metro.  WTF?!!!

But better them than the Argenbright Security Barney Fifes. 




 Oh that has to be tough for the Poles.  All of your friends when you were 16 recognize the plate for the rest of your life.

Did stupid things in a Lada?  When it's on a BMW 7-series, you still get laughed at. 









 Whoa.  That makes perfect sense.  Thanks! 




 I hope you heard the later Travelling Wilburies album.  I swear on half the tracks, he was teaching the other superstars how to record a song. 




 My cat used to come home smelling of really nice perfume.  One of my neighbors is a former model -- married -- and I suspect her.   




 Tires. 




 I was thinking about the four women killed on Long Island last week when a pickup truck broadsided their limo doing a U-turn.

How is that their limo was destroyed yet this one gets hit by a freaking train and appears to be somewhat salvageable? 




 Trust me, as bad as they are, they are FAR better than the private security they had pre-9/11.

Argenbright Security which ran the DC area airports were basically power hungry little termites.  I hated them having any kind of authority.  It was like volunteer deputies -- give them an inch of power and they'll try to take a yard. 




 Aw that's sad.

Still, Mr. Coe had a great run.  

I wish the Archer people had let us in on the reason but perhaps he preferred his privacy. 




 You're getting downvoted but you're not wrong.  He does a lot more than action hero/conflicted pretty boy.  And even when he's in those roles, he brings something extra.  Top Gun was terrific acting believe it or not. 

 




 Toy Story 2 is the one that got me.  When Jessie was left at the recycling kiosk and sees her little girl drive away.

Utter abandonment.

And then Sarah McLachlan starts singing...


 




 Me too!  Jeff Lynne is an underrated genius.

I listen to Concerto for a Rainy Day a few times each year to this day.   




 For anyone with interest: see The Deep sometime.  Great film and excellent photography of her. 




 Both of them are defaults now?  

They're great r/'s.  I don't see a downside to either of them being defaults. 




 Imagine an alternative history where an astronaut gets sick and they're all "suit up Margaret!" 




 Wrong.  It was supposedly Westinghouse.

Also, what people forget that the elephant had killed a handler and was doomed to euthanasia, so it wasn't for yucks.  

Edison may not have even known that it was happening:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Topsy_%28elephant%29#Death

Snopes needs to tackle this incident. 




 I bet I'm alone in here having watched Medium, but Alison's husband Joe -- portrayed by Jake Weber, who pops up all over the place, recently on Tyrant -- is a saint.  

Literally psycho wife, three daughters showing the same trait, and he kept things real as far as domestic life was concerened.  A real saint. 




 I think this is more a combination of women marrying within the industry like Kate Winslet and Sam Mendes and them making terrible choices -- to this day Sandy B and Jessie James?  How did that happen? 




 RIP.  Was his ill health the reason Woodhouse went missing last season? 




 Meh.  She's in violation of the county code.  The eviction notice doesn't mean that's she's going to be evicted but the county taking the dispute to the courts, apparently unable to reach agreement with her.  This happens all the time.  I'm sure an accommodation is within reach somehow.   




 The trick is to look in the East Village, i.e., east of Wisconsin Ave. and north of M St.  The rentals in the West Village get snapped up by wealthy GU students.  This works in your favor.

I know a neighbor who had to go overseas for a year and rented his house for $1800.  This was maybe four years ago.  

I know a property that's had a rental sign on it for a few months.  28th   P.  Not an apartment house so no gym or pool, but there're plenty of those around.  I'll jot down the number and PM you tomorrow evening.  

When are you coming to town? 




 I saw a Nats game recently where Ian Desmond tried something like out of desperation and was off by just a hair.   




 I would wonder why Linda Carter is asking me out.

But if you're talking about a classmate, I'd be thrilled to catch up and take it from there. 




 It seems like the '70's pictures were a more vibrant blue.  Better processing on this image? 




 For $2800 you could get a small townhouse here in Georgetown.  You should consider that.  Your commutes will much more sane. 




 Orange tabby owner here.  When he was young, I could throw a toy mouse for him and he'd bring it back.

Then there was that one time when I misjudged him as being too tuckered out to bring the mouse back to me, so I went to retrieve it myself... game over.  He was testing me.   




 Holy crap this is the attention whore who played for Russia in the Olympics.   




 In the second pic, he'd be a new "deal with it" meme. 




 *ding ding* 




 *petsi! 




 One thing that may explain it that in the UK and maybe all of Europe, a car keeps its license plate for the life of the car.  So they need a format to basically print a VIN number.   




 It's not THAT clickbaity.

Here's the full list via the BBC:

http://www.bbc.com/culture/story/20150720-the-100-greatest-american-films 




 Some very interesting choices.  They place Spike Lee in too high a regard though.   




 Plus the US version has radically different rules.  The hamsters conspire amongst themselves and vote each other out.  No public vote at all as in the UK version.   




 I live in DC and take Acela sometimes.  It's not that much faster than normal Amtrak, but it is more luxurious.  

The problem is that the tracks are all laid out circa Civil War.  Straightening them to allow trains to go any faster is the headache.   




 I just looked out my front and there's plenty of parking in Georgetown.  You probably wouldn't get a ticket if you parked now and got it first thing in the morning.  

I see this hostel is McPherson Square -- the 30-line buses would get you there, a taxi would be maybe $10, or you could walk to Foggy Bottom and metro. 




 Plan on taking the 3 but if you make the 2, terrific.  I think your plane would have to land early in order to make it.  

Union Station's not a bad to cool your heels for an hour.  In fact, it's terrific.  

I see nobody's tsk-tsk'd you calling it just Reagan.  We've got our panties rustled about the re-naming.  National, Reagan National, or DCA please.   




 Wish I'd read that first.  

Interesting that he namechecked Edison.   




 Yup, it sounds like he had a good run. 




 I remain convinced the suite's designed with visiting heads of state in mind.  I live near the Four Seasons and sometimes see security out front that makes the place look like an embassy.  I wouldn't be surprised if every major hotel in town has a similar suite.  I'm pretty sure Netanyahu stayed at the Willard.   




 Awfully pricey for plastic toys.   




 What currency are these prices in? 




 His instruction manual states three rules: eat, sleep, pass gas. 




 Yup.  They changed the system.

McKayla Maroney almost got a perfect score on her team vault in London though.   




 I think that's the softest of the records so far in this thread.

Joe was facing a string of palookas in that streak, but I still think it'll fall.  

 




 This was actually a brilliant show -- Ton of Cash.

They would have to literally move a ton of I think $100 bills from point A to point B, sacrificing anything they couldn't lug.  

They cast people who weren't so book smart. 




 No clapper inside -- they ring it by banging on it:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mingun_Bell 




 How many errors can be assessed in a single play? 









 This is how Bryce Harper wound up looking the way he does. 




 Thanks for this -- I'd never heard of a geyser east of the Mississippi.   




 I thought this was going to be another guy landing on his privates.   




 If you're from Georgia and a student here why would you want to register in DC?  I miss being able to vote for a congressman or senators.  Just do absentee from home.  Contact your city/county's election board.   




 It's counterintuitive but do you wear a T-shirt under your business shirt?  It helps for me.  All cotton though.   




 JFK: I think it's one of the small wooden houses diagonal from the 7-11 on 27th   P.  I know for certain the first house he had with Jackie was 2808 P.  He was awarded the Pulitzer while living there.

The tavern is City Tavern on M Street.  That story might not be true, but Jefferson definitely ran into a tipsy Hamilton somewhere in the vicinity one night, retired to a tavern, and hammered out an agreement that resulted in a national bank.  My understanding is that it's most likely the City Tavern. 




 I wanted to see a tuba not saxophone playing the melody. 




 Please don't let us Muricans be searching cost of porn, please...

Patents?!

OK I'll take that.  We are an inventive country. 




 You are describing the behavior of my cat not only when waking up but throughout the day. 




 I had a girl drive 250 miles to my parents' house, break in, and snap a 45 rpm single that she'd given me in half.  

That's all she did.

(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iol0B-clFFM) ["Build Me Up Buttercup"] for anyone interested.  

A few years later I caught her cruising my new home's street.  My very understanding girlfriend and I accosted her, invited her in, and calmly explained that this kind of behavior couldn't go on.

She got it. 




 Typing to you from Georgetown.

We're really only more of a neighborhood now, but had been an independent city pre-USA and even post-DC. 

There are all kinds of fun spots here and there.  JFK's bachelor pad I walk past all the time.  The tavern where Jefferson and Hamilton came to an understanding is still here.   




 Why go Oceans 11?

Leave -- oops -- a door or two accidentally open, place a few strips of properly-placed bacon and BOOM! you and doggie are on the run.

Simplicity trumps even Clooney and Pitt. 




 The problem would be you'd be denying -- for my home team, by example -- the Nationals the services of Bryce Harper and Max Scherzer for a two week period.  We'd right now basically be an AAA team without them.  

I think the NHL recognized how valuable Olympic hockey is to the sport and just shuts down.

There is zero chance Olympic baseball will ever be as important to the sport while the World Series contenders are trying to keep themselves over .500 even in the doldrums of July. 




 Yikes.  Did airbags save the driver? 




 It was not very well thought out.  Remember that she is the sister of a brother who got himself fake kidnapped.   




 We'll see next week but I bet to let the SEAL expend his anger and win his confidence.

Seriously -- we've seen Raymond take punches like that.  Ever seen him stagger so melodramatically? 




 Thank you!  It's an awfully cute doggie!

I was worried that it might be a Presa Canario which has a checkered history. 




 And this is exhibit A as to why baseball shouldn't be played in the Olympics.  

Anybody who is even remotely good is being paid to play this time of year. 




 I think I'm the only person on reddit or perhaps the entire universe who admits to loving Two and a Half Men, but she had an absolutely hilarious arc on it in its final seasons.   




 Nanny state strikes again.  Still, I wonder why if the children were crying she didn't excuse herself for a moment or two -- I can't imagine the interviewer would've minded. 




 I was in college in the 80's.

I think mine was the last generation to write love letters.

I was very good at it, by the way.   




 Stocking up on canned soup is actually the perfect thing to do when a hurricane or blizzard threatens.  Even if the electricity and gas gets knocked out, you have food. 




 *{{Sudden Clarity Clarence}}* 




 Also last week's Ray Donovan.

I think one of the real life Getty heirs did this, too.   




 Get her to meet you for a mai tai at the cabana tomorrow in daylight. 




 Don't be.  I've filled a passport.  I've had some dicey things happen -- being surrounded by skinheads in Munich is the worst, but it was only dicey and I walked away -- and 99 times out of 100, people look after travellers. 




 Well this is in a [Serious] post so I didn't think to, but even when in the wild, if it's a good story, I keep reading just in case the monster from the Pleistocene era shows up.  I love it when he does. 




 That was identical to the set-up here in DC until only a year or two ago.  They've since let the liquor stores open on Sundays at 1pm and stay open I think until 6pm.

 




 There's a drive through beer store just over the bridge going into the Outer Banks in NC.  Brew Thru.  Its awesome. 




 No I type it from memory any time I see somebody asking about visiting here -- I figure it's something tourists would like to know.  It's a good introduction to the neighborhood.

edit: and once the leaves turn and the summer furnace turns off, try one.  It's a nice way to spend an afternoon! 




 This comment, the third down:

https://www.reddit.com/r/washingtondc/comments/3dqqpn/lost_cat_more_in_comments/ct85npc?context=3 




 Fun coincidence -- my 18 pound tabby just finished a session of gnawing on my hand. 




 *cough cough* 




 It's very popular in Korea and Taiwan too.   




 For anyone with interest, Jen Cheney of the Washington Post just published a oral history of Clueless.  By all accounts it's really good.   




 Nope.  I've been logged in for two days without a blip.   




 States qualify as autonomous?   




 What in the US qualifies as an autonomous zone?  The reservations? 




 Bloodbath.  

Imagine being at the Park, suffering and sweltering, then this happens.  Plus they've cut off beer sales by now.   




 Especially with people from Hollywood visiting. 




 Why hasn't the Walking Dead or something similar apocalypse-y snapped this up as a filming location? 




 Oh come on Blue!  Horsepoop! 




 If you decide on Georgetown, there are printable walking tours easily found via Google.  They're heavily JFK/Camelot, but there's nothing wrong with that.   

As for shopping here, the further you get from M   Wisconsin, the quirkier the shops become.   




 Heck I'm happy about this!!! 




 RFK had a bouncing third baseline for baseball. 

I was in it for the second U2 concert on their Achtung Baby tour. 

I got a little seasick but oh what fun! 




 R2D2 




 You're right -- 707 not a 727:

http://www.theaustralian.com.au/business/aviation/how-travolta-got-shorty-and-a-short-707/story-e6frg95x-1225952224866?nk=305c8affb264431a39f3e99d56bd0a73-1437290298

I love the idea that somebody in Florida built a development around propeller-heads.   




 This kind of trickery makes no difference unless she can run and get a first touch on a ball passed to her.

This is Harlem Globetrotters vs. the NBA. 




       ^^Wow.

                                     ^^Such ^^cute.

                      ^^Tired ^^now. 




 He used to be a one season showkiller.   




 My first thought, too! 




 Professor Moriarty.   




 Anybody have google maps google-fu to see what this place looks like now?

Anyhow, what a lethal combination these two tanks made. 




 John Travolta I've heard lives in a Florida aviation community with his own Qantas 727.  Why couldn't the Spanish convert this into such a thing.

It'd be like golfers living along a golf course, except everybody's got an aircraft. 




 Gone from YouTube now.  Mirror? 




 Seriously,

http://cdn.meme.am/instances/500x/52283121.jpg 




 That sounds like an AWESOME show for the genre.  Real conflict instead of manufactured. 









 Sir David is so awesome.

He he is narrating Olympic curling:

http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=777_1392789840 




 Any hope for the future?  

I'd be terrified to pilot one of these things, but I'd thought if the USMC let them go operational, things will be fine.   




 No (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benedict_Arnold)[Benedict Arnold] nominations yet? 




 That really is badass.  I thought that with all of the early problems with this aircraft, it'd never see operational status.   Glad it made it. 




 SW Virginia here.  Rednecks in the Appalachians are people who I think are indispensable.  The mechanic who jury-rigs a fix on your car?  The man running a Winn Dixie grocery store?  I really like them.   And I don't use the word redneck ever.   




 Sounds like my last Pan Am flight.  '89 or so.  I really miss that airline.   




 I see this question a couple times of year, true, but come on -- different former prisoners answer each time.  I think it's interesting.   




 Cowboys vs. Aliens.  

Great concept, but crappy movie.  How is it possible to put Harrison Ford and Daniel Craig in the same movie and have it suck that badly? 




 Dina Meyers.  Those are the only two things I remember.

 




 I agree 100%. 




 Why didn't somebody just swat it on the nose?  I thought they hate this. 




 I grew up in the 70's and this was fairly popular.  I liked it.  I don't think I've had it since then though.   




 Just spewed Diet Coke! 




 Call up Schneiders or Calvert Woodley to see if they have that much in stock.   




 I had to get a DC license replaced there last December and sailed through.

Be aware that they're now issuing something called "real ID's" so look at the website carefully to find out what documents you'll need.  

BTW the entrance is on the corner on M just east of Dean   Deluca.  I walked past it a few times myself.  I think it's mainly a gym there.   




 Hell of a catch Bruce! 




 "Dodged" a bullet there. 




 I've always thought they're the side facing seats at the doorways.  

The first row of front facing seats are sort of a gray zone.   




 Sweet stroke on that HR!   




 Then he's probably still hiding inside. 

I've had my cat for 11 years in the same house and he still finds new places to hide.  

Open all of your closet doors and so forth in case he's trapped.   




 This does not factor in humidity. 




 Drama Queens.  The cat started it, but the dog executed it. 




 How well are you adapting?  Do you stay within a fellow Somalian enclave?  Do the Swedes embrace you?  Have you learned to cross-country ski yet?  You'd be good at that.   




 In case anybody didn't click through:

http://astro.ic.ac.uk/bmay/home 




 Seriously there is aww and then there is something beyond aww. 




 Eastern Air Lines.  

Now that's a name I have not heard in a long time. 




 Problem?  Send a terrier in.

Problem solved.   




 That revolver.  It's scary.   




 Agreement. 

I was seriously angry when Peking became Beijing.  

How did anybody let the Chinese Communist Party change the name of the great city we'd known for centuries change its English name?

We let the unctuous assholes re-brand themselves.  And only a decade after Tiananmen Square.   




 Dammit just when I had forgotten how furious I am at the damned Russians.

These dissembling sons of bitches.   




 He's old enough for Iams kitten food.  

Your next few years are going to be all about devising new ways to entertain an adolescent cat. 

Hint: take an old shoelace, tie knots on on end to resemble a mouse, and swing it around.  Do this until the cat is tuckered out -- 15 minutes or so.  The doggie will take care of the rest. 




 So sad.  And with Schumi languishing in a coma.   




 "Because I DID know that I couldn't do that!"

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4B93BoC9ylg 




 I'm from the south -- redneck accents are southern but not all southern accents are redneck.  They're a subset.  

This man doesn't sound too rednecky though.  I can't place it but he's soft spoken.  North Carolina maybe?  

I hold people like him in high regard.   




 'Zactly.  I hope that water wasn't contaminated.  It looks iffy. 




 Sorry about this Angelenos.  Nats Park is actually a really nice place.  Never seen this before.

We had two Taylor Swift sell outs there during the ASB.  This must be related.   




 Fun fact: I was at that game and had no idea what was going on until I got home.  They didn't draw any attention to the misspelling to the live audience.   




 Harsh. 




 Holy crap I'm glad they got this game going again!!! 




 Why would he do that?  It's way too early in the game.  If you're having lighting problems I'd think it's best not to turn off the spigots. 




 Huh.  I remember making that post -- this is a mangled version of it.  Somebody had posted an album of old photos of DC buildings on r/dc.   




 +/u/User_Simulator /u/train_subject9153 




 Check out /r/justFPthings -- a collection of FP's musings. 




 Yup.  I bookmarked it for viewing tomorrow.   




 How many parking spots does the District have that are actually under a bridge?  I'd think parking on the emergency shoulder would trump physically being under a bridge in most circumstances, too.  

Something's not right here. 




 TV and radio station web posts are always notoriously mangled.  I've always thought there must be something going on when they take a blurb prepped for on-air brevity and turn it into a written news article.   









 On the kettle thing, I think the electrical grid is easier in Europe to heat water or something.  For us, I'd use my stove. 




 No they're not pests in the sense that rats are pests.  They're just part of the ecology.  I get them in my garden tree every day, they're cute, piss off my cat, and move along.   




 In the mid-Atlantic we absolutely love the French.  We know their role in the Revolution and a lot of us are Huguenots.   




 There are two schools of thinking:  one is that crazies are attracted to Florida and the other is that Florida embraces and nurtures crazy.

It's a symbiotic relationship of crazy. 




 Yes but don't read too much into it.  It's more the ceremonial start to the day than anything else.

I know it sounds creepy to foreigners, but it's a really good civics lesson.   




 The Superbowl is the championship of Madison Avenue advertisers.  Everybody's paying top dollar for a spot.  

I personally love the NFL so watch the game for the game, but even in the VCR era would tape the game so I could back and watch the commercials.  

My all time favorite?  From the mid-90's, Ross Perot's EDS "Herding Cats" ad:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pk7yqlTMvp8

 




 Yes.  It tends to be a black/African-American thing, particularly from those with roots in the South.  




 I live in DC.  No better lunch than a pair of half-smokes (the local specialty), a Diet Coke, and a bag of Doritos, eaten on a park bench.

A regular diet of this would consign you to an early grave, though. 




  The Washington Animal Rescue League

My sister found her now-soulmate toy poodle there on an adoption day.  They're inseparable.  

I'm sure the others don't suck though, but WARL's good.

Go get your doggie/kittie and don't worry too much. 




 Find a 7-11.  They keep fresh coffee brewing for law enforcement. 




 I don't think that's true.  Dialing 1 means securing an international line.

Maybe things are different now, but I grew up in the 70's and you would dial 1 for the international line, then country code, then the local number.  I remember having an Englishman visiting my parents' house as late as '95 or so and having to take a couple of tries before getting his call to London connected.   




 In the US, starting a number dialing sequence with 1 means you're about to dial internationally.  112 could lead to some horrible misdials -- I don't think it'd even go through.  The line would be waiting for the rest of the numbers. 




 I grew up with a bulldog.  He could clear a room in five seconds.

My mother loved throwing bridge parties.  One day, he crept underneath the card table, detonated a particularly lethal emission, and my mother and all her friends en masse ran for the door.  It was a sight to behold.

I have never been as proud of him as I was that afternoon.  

Chaos. 




 I didn't think about that -- it's clear to me they're playing a game.  If the cat didn't like it, he'd move.  He's not cornered, he's not being hit hard -- this boy and this cat have done this many time before.  

It's a "How long can I annoy the cat until he pounces" game.
 




 I don't which of them was having more fun.  That cat is a feline jack in the box.   




 Boston makes no sense.  I heard a story that the roads follow old cow paths. 




 Me too.  I've only needed them twice but POW! they were there immediately.   




 He's right -- a mai tai really would hit the spot at that moment. 




 I know they're here somewhere -- a friend's house caught fire and he and his family stayed in one for a few months until the house was fixed.   




 Right back atcha!  

Holy crap you're right, and they still seemed to have had trouble listing the clones properly:

 Tatiana Maslany
as Alison/ Cosima/ Helena/ Rachel and Krystal/ Sarah

Why the "and" in there?  For when one clone pretended to be another?

They missed the transgendered clone, too, but maybe he didn't appear in season 3?

http://www.emmys.com/awards/nominees-winners 




 Dumb question: for which role was she nominated? 




 Yup and right at the start.

Ishmael was trolling us.   




 This is no Rusty the Red Panda escape, but go agouti, go! 




 Bud Greenspan was a woefully underknown documentarian.  He was an international treasure.  

I think his son is trying to keep his productions alive but haven't heard anything lately. 




 Why would you say that?

It's Emily Yahr -- there's a picture of her at the bottom of the article. 




 Ah missed it.  There it is in the final pic on the shelf! 




 HIMYM fan and I missed the reference.  Clarify? 




 Have you ever read the Cetology chapter of Moby Dick?  It struck me that that Melville via Ishmael was amazingly accurate for 1850.  Your thoughts? 




 I'd be so tempted to mess with him by calling him Elijah.   




 TIL Obama's going to Kenya.  

You'd think they'd be thrilled about this.   









 Loved the Wesley Snipes sighting at the end. 




 HUZZAH!!! 









 It happened to me in Xian.  I'd finished the tour of the terra cotta soldiers, stopped to buy an ice cream, and suddenly a pack of cute Chinese stopped me and each had their picture taken with me individually.  

Blue eyes perhaps?   




 I also live in DC.  My favorite is when somebody asks to see THE Smithsonian.  (For anybody who doesn't know, there are dozen or so of them -- Air   Space, American History, etc.) 




 I don't think this is tin-foily at all.  MPD still hasn't said why the people detained with Wint were released.  It's a fair question and one I'd like to know.   




 Preface it with "PSA date time ____ line(s) is/are fucked" and that might be helpful.  

Imminent weather dangers such as derechos might be a good idea, too.   




 UWOTM8?! 




 I once toured the battlefield of Borodino -- Napoleon vs. the Russians and made famous in War and Peace.

Its monuments were pockmarked with bullet holes from when the Nazis later tried to take Moscow.  




