




 Thinking about this today when I saw the Fuze "Half Lemonade, Half Tea" dispenser at Subway.  I thought, isn't that an Allrnd Paaamler?  




 Derek Zoolander Center for Kids 

who can't read good



^and ^who ^wanna ^learn 

^to ^do ^other ^stuff ^good ^too 




 They can track virtually everything and even control the car on the Jeep via the 3G network.  They say (about half way down the article) that the escalade and Q50 are similarly exposed.  

I'd disable Infiniti connect if you have it until they get a fix

EDIT: Infiniti's response quoted from the article. 

 When WIRED told Infiniti that at least one of Miller and Valaseks warnings had been borne out, the company responded in a statement that its engineers look forward to the findings of this [new] study and will continue to integrate security features into our vehicles to protect against cyberattacks. 









 Relevant user name? 




 When the CEOs priority is making more money this 3 months than last 3 months, and they won't be there in 5 years, they won't care about no one being able to buy things then 




 sociopathic would be a better fit. "a person with a personality disorder manifesting itself in extreme antisocial attitudes and behavior and a lack of conscience." 




 That was the point.  He played a sociopath.  No conscience, just do what you want to do.  

If you look closely, every time you see his bed at his apartment, it looks as if it's never been touched, only there for decoration.

He never sleeps.  He looks up stuff all day on the internet for things he's interested in, and then out all night looking for things to film. 

I thought it was pretty subtle and clever way of showing how abnormal he was beyond the actual character.  




 Mine is about the same, except I run the Michelin Super Sports.

I'll get 30-40k miles on them and when I went to the track, I was able to get them so sticky that I was picking up chunks of rubber from other cars and they would be melted to the tire.  I was passing Porsche's, SRT8's, RX-8's and even a Z06.

Worth every penny. 




 I did that last year, but still paid near double for just one day.

 




 "injury or disease/disability" -- they wouldn't choose this. Nobody chooses to be disabled.

 "Is it so strange to then consider those agreements as decisions made by two people, not just one?"   You work, I stay home.  We both agree to this.  However, it's implied that if we get divorced, your mutual agreement with this arrangement means that I won't have much in the way of making money on my own, so as long as I'm are ok with that. Deal.

 




 I understand the argument when kids are involved, kids cost a retarded amount of money in child care otherwise.  

But I'm still talking strictly about divorces where you have to pay for your lay about spouse to do nothing. 




 I'll seconds this.   




 Give me three reasons that a person, without kids, would choose to stay home and "incur the risk of never being financially solvent again if I ever decide to leave you".

In today's world, there is no reason a person NEEDS to be a stay-at-home [whatever].  They choose to.  They can get a job like everyone else, or don't get divorced.

 




 I never mentioned kids were involved did I.  Just talking about the marriage in general.  I think someone might be projecting a little.   If you can't afford kids, don't have them.

 




 I'm sure replacing it with [this](http://www.zspeedperformance.com/ZSpeed-HD-Concentric-Replacement-Clutch-Slave-Cylinder-CSC-zsp2006.htm) will be way cheaper than what I had to go through. 

This part was recommended to me by the guys at stillen. 




 but then where would those people park? 




 I had my slave cylinder fail taking with it the master cylinder, clutch, and flywheel. 

So now that that's all replaced with upgraded parts, the only issue I seem to have is if I go from 4th to 6th, it'll grind 1/2 the time.  So I just have to shift to 5th then 6th quickly.   




 He was in command for 10 min and he saved thousands of lives including Kirks.  Guess Thor was just getting started 




 Bloodrayne? 




 Wait... There was a XIII-3? 




 Columbia university? 




 The point of divorce is to break all ties to that person, not to continue to shell out money for decisions they were willing to accept. 

 If you can't support yourself, it's your own fault.  Gender equality and all that.   




 That's too bad.  The coupe 6MT version is amazing.  It's quieter than stock while cruising and sounds awesome under acceleration 




 Ah, it was a ninja edit  




 While she was sleeping, he sang to her (teaching her how to sing subliminally) 




 Myy power ooover youuu, grows stroooger yeeeet 




 That voice which caaaalls to me, and speaks my naaaame 




 Surge pricing is cheaper than no ride at all.  Faster too 




 [Relevant CGP Grey video] (https://youtu.be/uqH_Y1TupoQ) 




 That's part of divorce.  If you don't want to be with somebody, you shouldn't have to have any responsibility towards them.  It's bad enough that you usually have to split the assets.  That should be enough.   




 Preach on brother 




 It's more about the safety implements.  They have to add more things to keep you alive that weighs you down. 




 Personally, I'd get [this](http://m.autotrader.com/cars-for-sale/vehicledetails.xhtml?listingId=378268313 featureCodes=1066 doorCodes=2 zip=91326 endYear=2016 pageLayout=list sortBy=distanceASC startYear=2008 listingTypes=used transmissionCodes=MAN searchRadius=200 maxPrice=19000 mmt=%5BINFIN%5BG37%5BG37%7CSport%5D%5D%5B%5D%5D) 




 Is java different than JavaScript? 




 Wait... Every time I asked if I could get boards cut to length they said they don't do that 




 Check the channel that your WiFi is on, especially the 5g.  It should be as low as you can make it on that one.

I've been having some WiFi issues too but I think it's my router than the phone.  I'll go to friends houses and the problems go away 




 What? You don't know SQL?  




 nima - Tool 




 If I remember right, this song has the most radio plays of all time 




 There are lots of bio tech here, but there are just a lot more bio tech workers than permanent, stable jobs.  

The business seems to be leaning towards contract employers such as Lancaster that is basically a express personnel but for scientists.  They pay 40% less than the company you physically work at and that place doesn't have to worry about payroll, hr, etc.

The business is also cyclical where it goes well for a few years then lay offs galore.  

It's hard to plan things when you don't have a good sense of job security.

That's why after Amgen shut down, my wife is going into software development 




 And I'm one of them 




 I'm STILL looking for PAX Prime tix that are close to face value.  pfft 




 No idea what you are talking about.  My bed is AMAZING.  Granted I paid thousands for it, but it should be good for a decade or so.

Things you never skimp on in life:  Stuff that comes between you and the ground (bed, shoes, tires, camping gear, etc) 




 Scalping.

Fuck those guys. 




 It's also been reposted a few times all within a month. 




 That's what I figured.  In CA, AZ, TX, etc I'm sure there are plenty of good ones.

But If I'm in MN, ID, KS, etc you'll never really know what you are going to get  




 Name recognition, good quality food, a bit more than McD but not restaurant prices.

Your little taqueria might be better, but I won't know a good one from a bad one just by looking at it.  With the chains, at least it's consistent every where you go.  




 It's the company's principles.  It's their box, they can do what they want with it.  Besides, since this is supposed to be in the south, it's good marketing to your customer base.  Kind of like when politicians suddenly have a slight accent when speaking down there.   




 Magneto has been known to use the iron in your blood to his advantage.  

So yeah, he didn't need any visible metal 




 Even if you got a newer version of the same car that would be probably 10k more.  

However, if you drove your car until it breaks irreparably and invest that same 10k over that same time frame (I'd guess 5-10 more years at minimum) you would have a lot more money than you do now. 

Cars are very bad investments.  So it's up to you how you spend your money 




 well, LotR wizards aren't the same as Harry Potter Wizards is what I'm saying 




 https://youtu.be/YxgsxaFWWHQ

/u/mindofmetalandwheels explains it better than I could 




 I thought that was the point of the post. 




 Tankless water heater bro...I have to have a clock visible to know how long I've been in there. 




 While true, a head to head battle might lean toward Magneto.  

Think about the guiding aspect.  

Gandalf would know that he may face Magneto in some fashion in the future, as such, he could make it so that Magneto never existed in the first place by having the Nazi's kill him as a child before he even developed his powers.

Knowledge  powers 




 Gandalf isn't just a run of the mill Wizard, he's a low level angel.  Hence why he can stand up and win against the Balrog (another low level angel)

Ethereal powers  mutant powers 




 Apparently Christopher Lee didn't like that scene, so guess it didn't make the theatrical cut 




 some phones will say H+ when it's actually H+.  not sure if this one does though. 




 They are exploiting the fact that poor people want to help other poor people more than rich people.  

So they say you can keep all this money free and clear or give a portion to this other poor family that might have it worse than you.  Then sit back and watch the drama with some clever editing 




 Yup 




 http://youtu.be/QPKKQnijnsM

This has some references but it's a few years old 




 poor people sympathize with other poor people more than rich people do.

Even THIS is being capitalized on. http://www.cbs.com/shows/the-briefcase/about/ 




 ceo to AVERAGE pay (not lowest) is around 380x 




 90 min of food puns and it's still great. 




 [here you go](https://girlmeetsfreak.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/from-dusk-till-dawn-560-330.jpeg) 




 [here you go](http://lmgtfy.com/?q=Wild+Wild+West+Official+Music+video) 




 I worked at a movie theater when these 2 were released.  We closed up on Thursday and then we screened both wild wild west THEN south park.  Left the theater around 6am still laughing our asses off and amazed at what we had just watched.

We went from a silly, almost stupid western (I enjoyed it, but it's just like...meh and this before steam punk was really even a thing) to the most brazen self parodied cartoon of all time.  We were fans of South Park, but we still weren't prepared for how over the top it was. 




 http://i.imgur.com/r0Iok7W.gif 




 1.5 MM (3/50^th of an inch) margin of error on that shot placement on the ball.  

That's some precision. 




 According to /u/ineedhelpoften 
If the rumors are true, I ACTUALLY respect Konami for shooting themselves in the foot.

Basically, Kojima violated workplace policy and fucked the model for The Quiet.

 




 Wow, all good pointers

* I've had people figure this out, but it's good to mention early
* I think I have a good handle on that
* This tends to happen naturally with this crowd (at least the ones I know.

* Yeah, this one I think will be the hardest part
* Might be good to do if it needs to be a shorter game.
* I think I'll start by having some of the more benign roles in there to get people aware of how this game works.

Does anyone know a list of premade roles for around that size of games outside the ones in the rule book?  I'd like some boiler plate setups and mod it from there. 




 I have a group of people that want me to come in and moderate a few games of Werewolf on Wednesday.

I needs some cool ideas for game setup/roles/etc, and also tricks for moderating such a large group of people 1/2 of which I don't know.  I've only done 10-15 people at most.

I would assume table/seating arrangements are key to keep an eye on who people are indicating at night so I don't get it wrong.  Also folded paper with their names written on them so I can write  their roles down if I randomly hand out the cards.

Let me know what role make ups would be good. I would assume that we would have 2-3 games total since we only have a 2 hour window set up for a surprise gaming/birthday lunch for one of the people.

I'm assuming 1/2 of them haven't played before so I'll need a not-to-complicated game to start, then add in more interesting cards/factions in the later games.

Looking forward to the suggestions (or where to find them) 




 Exactly right. Know what you want, know that you can get it, then JUST DO IT! 




 It's only superstitious if it doesn't work 




 Kinda.  As long as you know the pills will work, it usually will.

Attitude and perspective have healed people with seemingly terminal diagnosis and also killed those with survivable conditions.

Whether you think can or can't... You're right 




 Two things:

1. The richest person isn't the one who has the most, but needs the least.


2. It's only silly if it doesn't work.  I follow a modified version of this thinking and it has worked for me.  

The key is to **KNOW** that everything's going to work out.  It may not happen exactly as you planned, but everything works out.

I found the absolute perfect wife after the worst girlfriend.  I just pictured my perfect person for me, made a theoretical checklist in my head, and I KNEW she was out there.  My friends all chuckled and said "good luck with that".  6 months later we met and she added things to that list that I didn't think were possible, all in a small city.  Married 18 months later, 2 years since and this entire time we've never even had an argument.

We needed to move but wanted to buy a house in the new location.  Lots of hoops and paperwork later, we miraculously qualified for a loan and had the down payment all saved up in 3 months.  The bank wouldn't use my main income.  It's the perfect house with everything we wanted, because we KNEW that we would get it. 

The job she got that made us move and buy the house was getting shut down next year, a week after we got the keys to said house.  We KNEW that this wasn't a big deal.  We explored several options over the next 6 months.  None of those panned out.  Then a friend said to check out this free, women only, year long computer programming boot camp.  They only take 24 people, but it's worth a shot.  I read the qualification requirements and KNEW she would get in.  They had 900 people look at the program, 500 applied, 60 interviewed, and she was one of the 24 that got in. The jobs that this camp trains you for starts at 50% more that what she was getting with her biochemistry degree.

There are tons more examples that I could give that this kind of thinking works for me.  All these that I've mentioned have been in the last 3 years.

This could be a really long string of luck, but I've always seemed to get what I want.  I just know that I'll get it and it'll work out, eventually.  As such, I'm perfectly happy all the time.  What's to be mad about when you know everything will work out?  It's like a lite version of [ataraxia](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ataraxia)

I'm not say that nothing bad ever happens.  Shitty things happen all the time.  I've gotten sick, been hospitalized, needed surgery on a few occasions, but I knew I was going to be fine.  The difference is your perspective.  If you have a good outlook, even in the worst scenarios, things tend to work out eventually.

You also have to be proactive in doing the things you need to do to get what you want.  You can't just lie in bed and think about having buckets of money.  You do have to actually go out there and get it.  I could think about winning the lottery all day long, but I'll never win if I don't go out and buy a ticket.

In the end this can all be scientifically disproven and I've just been getting lucky over a long string of time, but this is the closest I'll ever come to any form of religion/theology.  Just like all religion, you shouldn't knock it if it's working for those that follow it and aren't hurting anyone else. 




 Until they make a proper dual clutch sequential transmission for these cars, it'll always feel that way to me 




 Nice, even lower miles than mine. Manual or AT? 




 It's my step brothers half brothers first app.  Not bad for not first app.  Thanks for checking it out though 




 If you want to brush up on what your fallacies are.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.knowctrl.knowfallacy 




 If they have a 2nd line or alternate listed anyway 




 Just go to the carrier store and have them look up the esn.  They can call the owner and tell them which store it's at 




 This deal just keeps getting better all the time 




 Master blaster? 




 I never was into Pokemon...my brother in law recently took a high ranking finance job there, so I'm sure I can get all the poke things I would ever want, but still just...meh.  I was too old for it at the time.  But Final Fantasy 1, 5-15 are my jam

I got my brother one, and only one pack of booster cards back in the late 90's for his 10th birthday.  Apparently it had a "Charizard" in it...what ever that was. 




 http://puu.sh/iUXE4/d1b06a1338.jpg doesn't look like it. 

WHY WASN'T I NOTIFIED THAT THIS WAS HAPPENING!! 




 Depending on the places you are going, you can cache a section of the map in Google maps.   




 I think I found an amazon seller that sells the US versions for like $15-$20 more.  Still wont have a warranty, but it's better than double the price.

It's a real pain in the neck to sift through all the china dealers on Amazon and eBay.  




 one more thing on buying the cameras.

Everywhere I've looked, it's a bunch of asian stores selling on Amazon or eBay.

I've read that these guys sell "hacked" versions of the cameras with English menus.  You can tell by the instructions and packaging that it comes in.  There have been reports of these cameras having spyware or "phone home" abilities that compromises your network allowing people to get in that you don't want to.

Where do you get the official products in the US? 




 Ok, good info. Thanks.

Off to the internet to get parts and wiring in order. 




 Right on.

Thanks for all that.  One clarification though.

I have an older i7-920 that's overclocked that I don't really use much.  I'm sure that I can get this to be the dedicated NVR without issue.  What I'm wondering is can my main desktop that I use all day for work and gaming be used for the NVR without slowing it down.  It's a i7-4770k @4.4ghz with 16GB of ram, and 5+TB of storage available.

It'd be nice to just tab over to the security software and see the live feed when needed instead of going to the other computer. 




 You could say that Leeloo and the "darkness" were the hero and the villain.  They certainly never meet.

The rest of the characters are just helping one or the other. 




 Out on Blu-Ray finally if you haven't noticed 




 I think that is stronger yes.  Perhaps it's better for this application because it's shorter? 




 Could be Peter Dinklage incognito at sdcc 




 It's used in semiconductor industry.  There is all kinds of nasty stuff used there 




 Teflon is carbon and fluorine bonded together, which is the single strongest bond in organic chemistry 




 I'm with you on that.  Once autos (robot drivers) are commonplace, I hope getting a driver's licence is way harder and you have to demonstrate more than just basic vehicle operation and rules of the road.  That way the limits for humans would be raised or eliminated. 

Currently, just because you have a licence doesn't mean you know how to drive 




 I'm perfectly comfortable cruising at 100-110 or more in my car on a clear road.  I wish we had autobahn style interstates in the US.

 




 Sure thing.  What cameras do you have?  How much space do you use?  Is it a spare computer or just part of your main desktop?  How well does the motion tracking alert work?  Any trouble getting remote viewing/playback to work while away from the house?

I don't get good WiFi signal on the outside of the house where I would want to put the cameras, so I'd have to invest in another WiFi extender.  Or I could just get a poe switch and try to run cat5 to the locations as well.  

Trying to weigh the cost vs convenience of both options. 




 All but 10 years in the pnw.  To me, Redmond is a small town, but it's gotten a lot bigger in the 25 years of been around 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BKdbxX1pDw

There are seperated dual laned roads that go right through town with on ramps and off ramps that are are 45mph in my home town. It's ridiculous.  




 don't you mean /u/GiantBatFart 




 speed limits are far too low in far too many places,  both in UK and US 




