




 Right into his ear. 




 JW Sound Forum has a used section.
So does B H, TrewAudio and I think TAI Audio.
I also stumbled across this group on facebook, which posts used stuff all the time. Not sure if this group link will work, but give it a try.
Facebook group for used gear.(https://www.facebook.com/groups/6814558628/)
University websites and craigslist are also an option. You're kind of looking for Pro-sumer audio gear so that sorta stuff pops up all the time. 

I think for about $500 you could find a combination of new and used gear to fit your needs, if you can afford to wait for good deals.  




 Your best bet is to buy used if the ntg2 is too expensive. Plenty of used recorders go for cheap on eBay, and other used equipment sites. But I wouldn't bank on spending less than 500 for the whole kit.  




 The way that NiMH batteries discharge makes it impossible for most devices to give an accurate reading of battery life.  So it might even read 100% and die a minute later. At a Lectrosonic event, they described the difficulty that, the change in charge of a lithium ion battery dropping from 100 to 99 was greater than the change in a NiMH from full to empty. 
 




 It sounds exactly like the picture regardless. 




 If comteks are way out of your range, I've used a Sennheiser G3 connected to a headphone preamp in video village. Worked great for a few gigs, but it means the headphones are tethered to video village.
 This happened to work well at the time because it cost me $20 to rent a G3 and the clients and scripty where also at video village. 

Here's the headphone preamp I used.
Pyle-Pro PHA40 4-Channel Stereo Headphone Amplifier
 https://www.amazon.com/dp/B003M8NVFS/ref=cm_sw_r_awd_VIAqub0AH284G 









 Spend some money on a decent harness. Portabrace makes a cheap one. It will save your back. And it will make you feel like John McClane

http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B0010BZKFI?pc_redir=1408585832 robot_redir=1 




 Between the two I think you will enjoy the 633 a little more. I agree the noise floor on the 633 is a little louder, but over all it shouldn't be too much of a deciding factor for you. It's a great recorder, that's compact, super easy to use and well built. The SD 600 series reminds me a lot of the 552 or 442, built like tanks, they will last. I use the 664 for my kit and I fins the user interface to be much more streamlined than the 700 series recorders. 
 




 I attended a lectro event in Chicago and their representative promised that the L Series would be within about 200 to 300 of the 400 series pricing. For example he said he didn't believe the new LMb pack would go for more than 1000, and he also hinted at a drop in pricing for the old LMa packs.  




 I think to keep it in budget get the Rode lavs with the XLR adapters. That should work best. The countryman b6 or the sanken cos11D are also great lavs but I think would it would put you over budget and the rodes are surprisingly good. 




