 Probably. This is 2 levels above 'Hot'. It's pretty crazy. My lips burned for a while, started sweating and it gave me random hiccups. Pretty sure it's Cayenne and Ghost Pepper. 




 Last week at Hattie B's here in Nashville their hottest called 'Shut The Cluck Up' http://imgur.com/yzcjRVW 









 At least go medium... 














 They get almost everything from Reddit, snark it up and cash in on ads. But lately they're gleefully talking up Reddit's demise. Reddit has its problems, but I don't think it's really going the way of Digg IMO. 




 Has Leto ever played anything but a doomed character in any movie? I dig that about him. https://youtu.be/aj1D9RYK2QU 




 So that's it huh? It's just gonna be Judgement Day now? 




 I think they will maintain or gain value if you hold on to them. Especially if they don't produce a lot of them. Hellcats are the new MOPAR Halo cars like the old Hemi Cuda, Roadrunner, Super Bee, GTX, Super Bird, Daytona etc. Look at what those cars are pulling in at the auctions now. 




 That's the biggest one of the year. 




 Is this one of Tom Haverford's ideas or Charlie from Always Sunny? Tom Haverford's Ridiculous Business Ideas Supercut: https://youtu.be/6r17Ez9V3AQ 









 I usually go with something salty and something sweet on a road trip and stick to something that won't melt and get weird if you leave it in the car (chocolate). 

My go to candy is Sour Patch Kids or Starburst because I love sour/tart stuff. Then for salty, Jack Links sweet and hot beef jerky, or those bacon cheddar TGI Friday's chips. Pretzels or nuts are a good choice too. I'll usually just drink water but a cherry coke slurpee is nice on a hot day.

Like some of you said , if it is breakfast time, I'll get a sausage mcmuffin or mcgriddle (no egg), coffee and hashbrowns. Takes me back to childhood. 









 So when I first heard this news, I instantly thought Florida Man but then I heard Northeast. Turns out it WAS Florida Man in a roundabout way. 




 I Guarantee It 




 Moving the blower off the top of the motor will definitely help the heat soak issue the Z06 has. 




