 I already try to talk to her, in my experience, time can heal you but can also drag you down very fast. This is something I want to prevent at all cost. I really do hope it's just a phase and she'll snap out of it.

I drove home for the night so we could have dinner and he seems allright, laughing from time to time and making jokes so I'm carefully hopefull :)

And glad to hear that you seems to do allright, I doubt I can make you a whole lot better but if it's any help, I have tough about you, that stranger from Reddit, quite a few times today and I really do hope you're good! *internet hug* 




 Thank you, I might bring this up when Infeel the time is right.

And that may be so but that's no reason for me not to care about others right? So, stanger to stranger, how are you doing and dealing with it now? 




 That must be so tough on you :( 

If I may ask, what could potentionally make you open up towards them? Is there anything they could do or say to make you feel comfortable with this? 




 Hi,

Thank you for your response.

I have indeed tought about the fact that it might be possible that she's hiding something. However, I do not think this is the case. She was never the type of person to hide stuff from her family, no matter how embarrassing/painfull.  

Plus, she also says that this is the main reason why she's so confused, she doesn't know why she is feeling so depressed. I believe that it is something she might be unaware of, or something she refuses to face..

I like the quote by your father since it adresses what I think is the root of her problem. Will definitely use this the next time I have a chance to sit down and talk with her about this. Thanks alot!  




 Hi Reddit,

My little sister (she's 20, but I have 2 and she's the youngest, therefor my little sister) has been diagnosed with depression a couple of weeks ago.

I never saw it coming, she always was the most cheerful one out of our family of 5, has an amazing boyfriend who loves her, has tonnes of friends, popular, beautiful.. You get the picture.
Because of my work, I can't be home often and she's at uni most of the time anyway.

The last time I saw her it really shocked me how sad she looked, the light always visible in her eyes seemed to have faded away, she looked tires, didn't say much..
I went out to dinner with my dad and he told me it has been declining for a while now and I can see that it hurts my parents tremendously to see her suffer like this.

Now, I went trough something simular when I was in uni but got very good at hiding it and eventually got better because I got help and decided what was worth obsessing over and what not.

I'm afraid that she will not have this strenght, she never had any major troubles in her life and I can see she's not dealing with this well at all.
She is getting professional help but this can only go so far.

As her older brother, I alwasy felt like she looked up to me so my question now is, what is my best course of action? What do I do or say to help her in any way possible?
Mind you, I'm able to see her or meet up with her from time to time but this is once every 2 weeks max.

I already told her I was in a simular situation, what I did to help myself and how I eventually got out. The big difference between the 2 of us is that I kinda knew what was keeping me down, **she does not know**

Only thing that we can think of is that she sets really high (unrealistic) standards for herself, is perfectionistic and does not handle the stress coming from this very well.

So Reddit, what do and what say?

Thank you so much for helping me, I'm kind of lost and it kills me to see my baby sister like this. 




 Source anyone? 




 Exactly! Plus, it would remove all the useless searching, just put in an order, decide howmuch you want to pay for it and wait. 

Prices are decided by the players and supply amp;demand.. I would be so happy if they implemented this 




 It's so simple, use Runescape's Grand Exchange system, problem solved.. 




 Be sure to check out stephan biniak's bootleg version aswell!! Super chill 




 Nice guide. One question tough, why don't you include Spirit Visage in the defensive item list? I tend to go for it quite a lot as it does wonders combined with a BT, especially when a tank of theirs has a tornmail 




 I like you, you're funny :D 




 Exactly what I tought.. I sent them an email, hopefully they'll care and fix it because there's nothing I can do with that piece of land now.. 




 Apologies if this post looks weird, I posted it from my phone.

Now, I started a disaster and got this asba requirement to rebuilt. Do they really expect me to not rebuild untill my storage is big enough? This will take ages..:o 









 I'll certainly remember that, much appreciated! 




 I gifted you gold 3 times now, so I believe we're even :) Thanks again! 




 Thank you very much!! I'm on mobile now, I'll get you the gold when I get home, within 2 hrs max 




 Hi,

I found the following gif on the frontpage:
http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/2wf30j/classic_willie/
I would like somthing simular but with the name of the bear changed to 'Poeh' and the girl's name changed to 'Louise'.

The original gif is really easy to find.
Willing to gif 3 months of gold to whoever can make the best/high quality gif out of this.

Thank you! 




 Is it possible that you asked about it in game and I answered it might be his statik? If so, we were on the same game :) 




 I stopped playing a while back, can someone explain me what the difference between normal and 'hard' kills are? Thanks! 




 I meant that I like the idea. Everyone seems to hate it before having seen it.. I think they could do some really cool things with it 




 All this whining.. Seems like a cool skin to me, I like it 




 What does he say tough? 




 Love you all  




 Quality post 10/10
420/10 with rice 




 She looks like she's having a stroke. A beautiful one, but a stroke none the less 




 2 




 Dude your music's amazing!! Sitting here on the train, hearing it for the first time with this stupid grin on my face..

Thank you!! I'm on my way to iTunes now  




 Love you too 




 Looking forward to see wich team we'll send home next round ;) 




 Anyone got a mirror? Got taken down :/ 




 Hey, how did you get 2 flair?o.O 




 Amsterdam? 




 It's gone :( Can someone tell me what it said? 




 Yes 




 I suggest you download Tor and go browse Silkroad, alot of fake documents are being sold there.

/r/silkroad to get started! Just be sure not to get lost ;)

Edit: why downvote his question? I was never under the assumption everyone held such high moral standards here.. 




 Glad you liked it! 




 Is this just fantasy? 




 Is this real life? 




 Yeah but you can get e free rock using the same method, reversed. So, free bj! 




 Exactly, I was in doubt wich one to answer but I got into Kendrick with GK,MC and discovered Section 80 afterwards, so yeah.. 




 Section 80 is amazing aswell! Learn about Kendrick because of GK, MC and started searching more of him afterwards. S80 is an excellent album aswell, with a whole different story and characters but atleast as 'real' 




 How many sins? I'm running out. How many sins? I lose count.. 
Goddamn love that song, all the stories coming together in 1 track 




 Kendrick Lamar - Good Kid, M.A.A.D. city. It's more than an album, it's a lifestory told in the most fitting way possible

Edit: For anyone familiar with the album, so worth the read: http://www.kanyetothe.com/forum/index.php?topic=313845.0 
It's, in my opinion, a very good interpretation of the album and every song by itself. 




 I'm afraid it might be hard to find ex-procrastinators on Reddit, they probably all got the hell out of here.. 




 Weed wizard zilean tough.. 




