




 It's not from Mommy Dearest LOL.  




 saaame. i want to watch this... whatever the fuck it is.... but i've been googling for like an hour and was hoping somebody here would know... please for the love of god I need to see this scene in context! 




 Interstellar is a terrible movie and those who think otherwise are just plain stupid. 









 Human Centipede 3.. no joke...  




 me... just like... great shia.. do you... ur not interesting.  




 he single handedly ruined nymphomaniac 




 he gettin paid 




 Did you think Flash Gordon was some sort of cinematic abomination from watching the film Ted? Also, The Neighbors is pure genius.  









 it wont be this good... 




 so he gets HAHAHAHAHAAHAHAAHAHAHA? lame 




 lollll 




 Me too.  




 [spoilers] Highlight in #4: When Warwick emerges from the space guy's Penis and flies across the room you can vividly see his string. I always thought that was hilarious. #4 is secretly the gem of this incredibly genius series. 




 That was the scaredest I've been by media in years! Kudos! 




 Pure genius.  




 FUCK YAAAAA 




 bless the all  




 YES!!!!!!!!!!!!! 




 mank 




 I wish this was a movie... Ugh.. It's just a short film. 




 haha thanks... i'll try my best :)  




 best looking scotch eggs i've ever seen

like holy fuck... i've eaten a lot of delicious food in my life. it looks like youve made yourself a mustard sauce as well and it looks fucking bomb as fuck too. kudos sir. kudos. i bet you're an amazing chef.  




 ive seen tommy drinking this on several occasions

 http://www.hansens.com/uploads_image/2013/03/04/1362428048-blueskyblueenergy16oz.jpg 




 Genius.  




 It sounds aweeeeeeeesome.  




 Wow what is Beyond the Door? Looks awesome. 




 video must be of the mods. i usually come to these to laugh in a so bad its good tim and eric come to life kind of way but holy fuck that was cringe worthy. 









 *rolls eyes*... You're right. I should just be the dictator of her life.  




 Those girls were fugly.... 




 I think it's pretty alpha to be willing to let her call the shots. She'll appreciate it and it will get her wet.  




 He met them and they had a whole evening together. This line would never work unless some mutual attraction has already been established. Otherwise it would come off creepy.  




 Why does he fuck her with only half of his dick? 




 Die 




 Guilty? For shame. 




 wtf.... that was amazing.  




 Dear God Yes.  




 I kind of disagree. Orgasms just feel really good and we got addicted to them. Not some sort of escape.  




 You're an idiot.... 




 http://www.theneighborssitcom.com/synopsis.html 




 And to think my most anticipated project of 2014 was Inherent Vice... Thank you god for this miracle.  




 That was fucking weird as fuck. It's like he's trying to come off as crazy because he committed some crime about a little boy in new jersey or some shit and he's pretending he's crazy and like a nazi into lady gaga.... Or somebody is trolling real hard. Wtf was that shit for real.  




 The guy on the left should play Mark Wahlberg.  




 It looks like an Xbox 360 is supporting that bridge.  




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2NqBW0AQgc

Can you guys name the songs in this trailer? 




 Nope. :) 




 2 weeks? The photo is important so if it takes longer to get what I'm asking for that'll be it. 




 I can put a clearer image up on in about an hour or so.  




 http://imgur.com/a/BMFTe

Please put live guy's head on the king's head and make it look like a painting. If you can add a king crown that would be amazing, but it has to look like a painting. Thank you.  




 Um... Those movies are classics in their own right.  




 Where was this? 




 I couldn't make it past the first minute.  




 Fake. 




 That has to be fake.  




 It's like Earth's butt crack.  




 Please do.  




 Somebody please call Hollywood.  




 I like it... But it doesn't capture the feeling I get from the film.  




 Fateful Findings, Birdemic, Catwoman. A few of my suggestions.  




 Yeah, it's not a so bad it's good movie at all. 




 I wish they would actually do RuUnited LIVE huntiesss 




 Thinking anything in this video was deep is quite pathetic.  




 Cause using your cell phone means you'll never fall in love. Stupid.  




 Amazing job! You should be very proud of yourself! 




 Stick to fapping. 




 If RuPaul had a heart she would have let Trinity win to fix her grill.  




 Um... Season 4 and 5 were basically locks. Even Alaska-ers couldn't deny they knew Jinkx would win... And.... Like Sharon Needles wasn't gong to win. There's no lock yet. My theory is they humanize Courtney more as they have in the past episode and she wins. It's going to be Bianca, Adore and Courtney. Bianca is too much of a cunt for my tastes. She would come for girls who were obvious a little wacko, but didn't deserve it in the moment. I think she's funny and all, but I don't like her 2 facedness. She seems to rely on not being shady to Adore to not seem like such a shady bitch when really she's a shady ass bitch.  




 Um... No, gurl. 




 Um.... Does the frog really have to be alive while you eat it? That just seems unnecessarily cruel.  




 I love you.  




 MORE! 




 OMG I remember we had these in my house when I was a little kid.  




 Free Willy! (watch black fish) 




 I like the tree in Nymphomaniac Vol. 2.  




 Fucking SICK. 




 It's beautiful. 









 Please tell me there is some place I can buy one of these.  




 It is... How did they get that medium shot of him turning around with that stunned look on his face. None of the protesters had cameras... it was fake as hell. 
 




 Ka-Kow 




 I don't get road rage even slightly. I'm just glad not to be dead.  




 When she was 10?  









 He was a twat.  




 This is actually what I thought when I started looking at this.  




 Food tastes pretty epic. Laughing feels awesome. Sex is mega awesome... I like a bunch of movies... I think I'm okay with meaninglessness.  




 I haven't read the book or seen the UK version but I think the next season may be last. I think I'd like that if it has a nice arc and doesn't run out of steam. I look forward to the House of Cards crumbling even though I'll cringe through the whole thing. I hope it's a super gory Shakespearian tragedy. Rachel and the hacker are going to play big parts in undoing President Underwood.  




 Ornacia gives me LIFE! 




 I just liked everyone more... I think Ben is pretty annoying.  




 Ornacia gives me life.  




 I wanted Ben or April to go home. Vivacious is so weird I wanted to see some more crazy looks. Also when she said "Ornacia" I died. Kelly was fucking ragged but her personality leaves me wanting more. Here's hoping that neither are eliminated.  




 I have to agree partially with your reading of the film. I don't necessarily remember the aspect ratio change but I agree that the film ends with a celebration of Jordan. The Kiwi's at the end who try to sell Jordan the pen are idiots. They don't have that natural talent that he and his friends had, they're not gifted like Jordan was. Jordan entered the pink sheets room and he was able to make thousands while everyone else was making chump change. To me, that's what the film was saying. Some have it, some don't. Jordan had it. 

The thing I have to disagree with you about is that the empty stocks don't equal the film. We aren't being conned like the people in the film. I think the scene shows some, if not most people, who will see the movie, and will think it was just entertainment, when there was really a commentary on them taking place. You won't ever be Jordan Belfort. We aren't Jordan Belfort, and Jordan Belfort deserves all his spoils because he was able to get them. He's a wolf, and his audience are sheep.  




 What gives you the idea that this scene is Scorsese's commentary on Belfort? What I mean is, what indications does he give stylistically as the director? I don't necessarily disagree with you but the scene I found most commentative was the scene where Jordan has the girl shave her head. If you rewatch it the scene has a very creepy song and the lights in the scene begin to flicker as if something is awry. Beside that, I really felt like, overall the film wasn't really a commentary on Jordan on account of him being the narrator, it was more of his vision and glamorization of things, which in a way could serve as a lens to create your own commentary if you look at it as a whole objectively after watching. 

Other moments did seem as though they had a minor bit of commentary such as the scene with the usage of the song Gloria had a comedic sarcastic tinge to it when the boat crashed. That may have just been me, but it felt like using the song was saying "Wow, this guy keeps dodging bullets, this story is just too incredible to be true. And he's an asshole!", and then to top it off, other people die in a plane crash by the innocuousness of a seagull while he's drinking during a dance-rescue-party on a boat. It made me giggle cause it just went to show how insanely lucky Jordan Belfort was. 

The scene that really set the tone for me, in terms of the film having a commentary, was when Jordan is talking about how great things are going at Sttratton Oakmont, and it feels like a non stop party. He talks about one of his friends who marries the girl who fucked everyone in the office several times, and yet he still marries her and then kills himself 3 years later... It's during a fun and upbeat song where everything is going great and  everything feels oh so fun, that we get this little ping of morbidity, and quickly Jordan recants back to the good days, not dwelling on it, because we have to get back to Jordan's story, not dwell on the soullessness of his business. I think, Jordan being the narrator is also why we never see the lives of the people hes taking from. In our own stories, regardless if we are good or bad people, we are the hero. Jordan wants to be seen as such, and when he's bad, he's being good.  




 How does he have not more upvotes?? 









 I thought it was clever.  




 He looks like he died of sexual ecstacy.  




 I kinda like it... 














 King of the Nerds, and it's actually very entertaining, but, this kid has brought it to a whole 'nother level. He almost got eliminated in the most recent episode and I was about to cry. He is so entertaining.  




 He did destroy her. And he yelled "Victory for Sylvanas!!!" It was a beautiful sight.  




 He asked me to show him my dick in the middle of a hamburger marys. I declined and regretted it after. 

"You got good dick?" - "Yeah... I'd like to think that I do." - "Then show me." - "Uh......" - "Okay, boo..." Walks away... Me: Uh.... riiiiiight.  




 Yeah... Cause this is what gay people do on the regular.  














 That looks amazing.  




 Libby made me really sad.  




 You look like a boring fuck, OP.  




 I know right?! Lost Land would make so much more money than Avatar Land. What a bunch of idiots.  




 God bless America. 




 i enjoyed it... 




 That was the cringiest thing I've ever seen on here. How can somebody be so into science yet lack such taste in artistry? That monotone singing was just painful.... The only redeemable moment was seeing a male stripper with Mulder's poster covering his junk. 




 Everytime he would talk to the camera I would cringe, "Live each day... Like it's... your first.", and then his weird ass shit eating grin.  




 I'm assuming most of the women on him in his pictures that he didn't meet for a few minutes at a a bar are hookers.  




 Massages? That was kind of creepy. Even the kid interviewing was like.. Massages??? 




 This can't be real. 




 What a sad, weird man.  




 I'm using safari and can't figure out how to do this. I also have Firefox... Can't figure it out on there either. Any help? 

Edit: turning off the block up popper did nothing for me... could it be Facebook has it so that only some can share their videos? 




 I know... I need to know too.  




 I have a video but no share link. How do I share? 




 Hahahahahahaha 




 lawl 




 Oh what a holy visage.  









 not funny 




 I watched the episode on iTunes and found it offensively bad. I find it icky something so stupid could be on the air for 4 seasons. *Shudder* Jinkx/Jerrick was good, but overall it was heinous.  




 "Cause I needed gas money to get home and food stamps ain't gonna cut that." 




