 I don't need to, but at some point I really would like to have a child. My family life was crappy growing up and I always wanted to have my own that was better than what I had in the past. 




 I've been diagnosed with borderline personality. I know the state of my emotions changes in the blink of an eye sometimes. But then there's times like now that I just stay mostly sad and a little impulsive for weeks at a time.  
  
My impulsive behavior hurts the few relationships that I have with close friends and leaves me feeling guilty and worse off than I was before I did whatever it was that I thought would make me feel better at the time. Its never predictable. Sometimes its sex, other times its pills and alcohol. Nothing ever done in excess enough to need any kind of rehab. I never fiend for anything, I just find myself needing something quickly to take my mind off of thoughts that I can't get out of my head.  
  
Fighting with my roommate is the hardest. She has been my bestfriend sense the age of 11 and is really my only kind of support system. Its hard to hear her tell me that I really do need to get a grip on my emotions and stop looking for other people to make me happy. Its hard because I know that I really am an emotional wreck and have this incredibly terrible fear of being alone. I feel absolutely mentally broken at times.  
  
Any romantic relationship I've ever tried to have has been disastrous. Knowing that I should spend more time on my own to make myself into a person that I actually like doesn't stop me from looking for someone to date. Its like an addiction that makes me feel absolutely disgusting because I know how other people see it.  
  
I don't feel like I'm succeeding at whatever lesson I was meant to be working on in this lifetime and after all my failed attempts at dating lately, I think I'm going to be forced to spend time on my own until I can get myself on the right track.  
  
But I'm really lonely. I don't have many friends and the close friends that I have managed to keep are starting their own families and getting married and having children and its heartbreaking to watch. The doctors tell me that I am running out of time for a chance to be able to have children myself because of a condition I have and I'm only 24. I'm afraid that maybe I'm not meant to have a family and I don't know if I'm strong enough to handle that.  
  
I feel that maybe I chose a lesson for this life cycle that a little more tough than I am ready for and I don't know a way out of. I'm spiritual but I'm not religious and I don't know how to ask for help other than the few ways that I've tried. Nothing is working right and I don't know what path I'm even supposed to be on. I know I need help but I'm not sure where to find it. I've been in an inpatient hospital twice in the past six months and am unwilling to go back. I see a therapist once a month but she can really only do so much for me in an hour.  
  
Its tough to see where I should be going from here 




 If you are still doing the free readings,  
My question is:  
What direction should I take in regards to romantic relationships?  
   
I asked this question during a meditation session and I think I got a sort of sign but it was confusing, so I thought I'd ask someone to do a reading for clarification. 




 I haven't tried it before so thanks for the suggestion, I'll give it a try. Anything new helps 




 I'm going to give that a try, Thank you 




 Yes, thats more it than anything 




 I just rather not have anything that's going to redden and dry my skin out even more. My skin seems to be hyper sensitive to everything. Like with shaving, I have to be super careful and I usually always get red patches anyway. 




 I've tried hydrocortisone, which seems to increase the redness. Aloe also increases the redness. Vasoline was suggested but it seems to just cause my pores to clog up and feels gross and seems to cause the area to break out some.  
  
Right now the thing that seems to help the most is olay night cream but I think that might be just because its keeping the area moisturized. It helps reduce the size of the scabs but not the redness.  
   
I wanted to look into some more natural options than the olay cream that I keep slathered on at all times during the day.  
  
[Would something like this clog the pores or make the healing process slower?](http://premeditatedleftovers.com/naturally-frugal-mom/diy-natural-baby-bottom-balm/) 









 Haha, poor pugger doesn't look terribly happy 




 [Picture of Tea Bag](http://imgur.com/7vFtuTC)

I drink at least 5 mugs of this "Cain's Orange Pekoe and Pekoe Cut Black Tea" every day.  
  
Its all that they stock at my office and I wanted to try some other flavors or types of teas that are also likely to keep me awake throughout the day.  
  
Looking for some suggestions on good or fair quality loose leaf teas.  
  
I'm completely new to all of the tea verbiage and am not sure where to start sampling. I'm reading through the FAQ's of this page now so hopefully I'll have a better idea soon but I would very much appreciate your suggestions as well! 




 Oh that is adorable!!  ^^  my pugger also sinks while flailing around all crazy 




 Woops. I edited the link to include an imgur image instead 




 [My Chart](http://imgur.com/SSAWTAb)  
  
I have been wanting to find the best area to focus on in my life but feel like I'm almost fumbling around blindly right now. I can't decide what I feel that I would best at or what would make me the happiest. I tend to overanalyze and then overwhelm myself.  
  
When I was younger I thought I would want to write, but I never seem to have the motivation to actually sit down and get everything typed out. I always get distracted with doing lots of interesting research for my stories. I thought maybe instead that I should look into a career in one of the things that I liked to read about. Maybe archaeology I thought, but the schooling seems so daunting if that ended up not being what I actually wanted to do, I would be wasting time. There seems to be a lot of traveling in that field, which is both exciting and scary at the same time. I've always lived in this one place and had the same bestfriend for years. I don't know if I can imagine a life away from her and I'm afraid that is holding me back. I can't decide if its my fear of doing something new that makes me apprehensive or my subconscious telling me that there is something that I would be better at doing closer to home here.  
  
I've also wondered if I should focus on my spiritual studies as a choice of career because it is an area that does great interest me. 
  
I was wondering if someone could look at my chart and tell me things that it would seem like I would good with. I've been trying to read some articles on how to more effectively read this chart myself but I would really like some outside opinions as well 




 I don't feel like I'm winning very much right now. The upper right group is pretty spot on. The upper left group matches as well, I have been feeling constant dissapointment with the outcome of almost everything I've tried to do lately. On the lower left group, I'm not really showy at all. I'm fairly shy. I am however quite emotional, or at least I show it more than some others that I know. Kind of like I've been wearing my heart on my sleeve lately and I'm not sure if thats what it could mean. As for the be yourself part, I'm not sure what direction I want my life to go in right now, which direction is really right for me. I've been trying to find the right area to focus myself on so that I stop looking for a relationship with all the wrong people and try to just make myself happy instead. Its too bad that is the area that I"m having the most trouble with right now. I wish I felt more in control of things :p  
  
For some reason I thought I had actually responded to this already  .   




 I've  thought about going back to school but the thought of racking up thousands more in student loans is scary but I have been thinking about switching my major to something more along the lines of archaeology so I will definitely put more thought into it.  
  
As for the job, I'm at an entry level position now and don't have a very good job history. Hopefully if I can get some more schooling, that might be an option further down the line.  
  
It is a dilemma. I'm interested in tarpits lately so tomorrow I hope to be able to find one close by that me and my roommate could go see.  




