 This one is great... [if you'll allow it.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpKQHpMGMNQ) 




 The world was created for people my height! 




 A friend and I were talking and were wondering if there is a movie where the Nazis created an army of robots? 




 But what is.... Mars?! 




 Erasing the ending from your mind more than likely won't be possible, but I've read the book and the clues Q picks up on can still interest you. Try to say no to your temptation of googling the ending of a book and remind yourself that it'll just ruin the book, this would be one of those things you can add to your list of experiences. 




 Yet strangely better than anything I could do 




 Ducks are awesome friends and their quacks makes me laugh every time, what isn't to love. 




 The thumbnail made me think she had a beard. 




 Reddit was the one that created that fear for me... whoo. 




 Fuck a monkey. 




 The control governments have over our lives. 




 The cat? 




 The bad guys always lose. 




 Borderlands, It's funny, not too hard to get the hang of and helps teach the importance of skill and stat point placement. 




 We don't know. Some beliefs are that we're reincarnated (What as is based on how good you were in your previous life), we go to an alternate plane e.g. Heaven/Hell, our souls are trapped on earth forever or until a goal is completed, we're ghosts with a purpose or that we simply die and that's it, nothing happens. 




 :O It's the all original, all game changing "Fall Out..." 




 Is this in a universe that is excluding Vault 108 and the one true god(s) Gary?! 




 If you watch the Fallout Lore series you'll learn about the water merchants who were able to obtain water that was deep inside the earth that had its radioactivity filtered out by the ground. 




 One of the major flaws in this is in some of the video's we're shown, they give footage of us in the vault and say events transpire while we're down there :/. 




 Amata's my bae.... shame all she ever does is hate you for doing the right thing :(. Really wish they expanded her more as a companion atleast. 




 He shall make for a great companion in a desolate vault, or a great prop (or a thousand) for a social experiment.While you're at it, you should take up metal working too and make him some power armor. 




 You seem like an awesome dad. 




 The dude earlier today who showed his mouse pad resulted in me buying one of the two bears highfiving.... HYPE! 




 On the positive side you made it to the toilet in time.  




 Codsworth will be my going out on adventures companion because I wouldn't be able to handle Dogmeat being injured in fights... also Codsworth can talk to me and stop me from going completely insane. 




