 So, firstly, let me apologize for how little I'm leaving you with, but I've been remembering an 80s movie, that for the life of me I cant recall actors or real plot.  
  
  Heres what I do remember; It has content about a hospital 'of the future' where all the dosing, drugs, etc. come from tubes in the ceiling. I believe someone had come up with a cure for cancer, or something, and was using the hospital to try it on people..  
  
  Heres the part that really stuck in my head, the cancer (or whatever) drug it was that was killing people was sky blue in color. You see it coming through the tubes..  
  
  As I recall, the treatment caused people to vomit blood until they die. Not a subtle, or high-ranking movie, probably a B or C movie (along the lines of "Lunchmeat" or "Bad Taste", LOL)  
  
  Anyone know / remember this movie? 
  
  
  Thank you! 




   #emerge -flight 




 I think the Yellow shipping company has that bright orange shade most of their semis are painted, registered as well. I believe its called "Louisiana Bayou Orange"  
  
  Oh well.. I'm off to go drop a UPS in the toilet. 




 You're sleeping inside a camera Obscura :)  
  
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Camera_obscura  




 So, if the pilot is a woman, is she sitting in the boxpit?  
  
  
  ..I'll throw myself out.. :-) 




 I dont think her craft is fly-by wire.. If you watch the source vid, while she's on the ground, engine off, she makes some pretty good elevator moves with the stick, and it doesnt appear the control surfaces on the elevator are moving..  
  
  Hmm.. Interesting. 




 Thank you, I wasn't aware of /r/gunnitforward  
  
  But, I can't help thinking that if we were to get a legitimate redditgifts going, it might help get more people involved in this little corner of the web.  
  
  Of course, that means more exposure, so that could potentially bring more goofballs, and uninformed anti-gunners, but I say, so be it.  Gun safety starts with exposure (correct safety, and handling etc.) More exposure, cant be *that* bad, can it? 




 So, I thought it would be cool to do a reddit gift exchange about reloading stuff.. The idea is to exchange the un-"dangerous" stuff (No powder, primers, or loaded ammo)  but rather the various sundries reloaders use.. Got a die set for a caliber you haven't used in years? How about those cheap Remington .223 bullets you'll never use.. Lee case lube? Neck brushes?   
  
  Think about it.. We all have a lot of stuff that isn't doing us any good, that might just help someone else out..  Likewise, we may receive a product, or doodad that actually helps, and is not something we would have bought ourselves.   
  
  Anyway, just throwing the idea out there..  




 I've had a lot of time.. 




 Mike Honcho..  :-) 




 Fibonacci.. That guy rocks.. :-) 




 Yup.. Officially creepy.. (shudder)  
  
  Remarkably cool too, tho 




 Never underestimate the power of the Banana!! :-D 




 Yeah, this was from an insurance check. Wife played bumper-cars with her car a couple weeks ago, enough for the ins. to total it out..  
  
  I mean, id *love* to say I can have that kind of coin on-hand at any time, but alas.. I'm just a worker bee. :-) 




 Hehe.. Excellent!   
  
  ..A little bit unnerving walking around with that kind of cash tho.. :-D 




