 I'd like to think I'm a pretty skeptical and rational person, and even though I'm interested and fascinated by all things creepy, more than once I've found myself thinking/saying to the TV "That's dust. That's caused by plumbing issues" etc.

But more than once, specifically in my childhood home, there were times I couldn't apply a rational explanation (even though I wanted to!)

Once, when I was about 18 and my younger sisters were 15 (twins) one of the Twins stayed home from school sick, and I was to take care of her while everyone else was at work/school. I made my sister a pallet of blankets and pillows in the living room floor, made her some lunch, and put on the TV (at a very very quiet volume) while I went into the kitchen to fold clothes. (our washer/dryer were behind a curtain in a recessed area of the dining room. It was an open floorplan house and everything branched off from the huge kitchen/dining room btw) While I was folding clothes, I was talking to our grandmother on the phone who says she's "sensitive"- I'm not sure about that, I know she exaggerates things, but she's a hell of a judge of character, and sometimes seems to know things she shouldn't.

Anyway, as I was folding clothes I FELT AND HEARD someone walk behind me, across the kitchen, toward the main door. The floor vibrated, and it made noise, like my dad walking in his workboots- but specifically him walking like he was angry or annoyed, so I looked back, and no one was there.

Then I realized, not only was no one there, but Daddy was at work, and my sister and I were the only ones home, and I know my sister didn't move, I could still see her from where I was standing. I ignored it, and continued talking to Nanny. It happened again and I looked behind me. Suddenly over the phone Nanny said "What's happening there?" and as I was about to tell her, I heard a really loud thud from the living room, and my sister jumped up and ran into the kitchen and yelled "SOMETHING TRIED TO STEP ON ME" in a rather hysterical tone. Now, I was creeped out. But my Nanny calmly said, over the phone in a loud tone, "Leave them alone." and nothing else creepy happened. (that day at least.)

I have to admit, I was pretty spooked, even though I tried to explain it away as 'knocking pipes.' I laid down in the floor with my sister and we watched "The jewelry channel" to bore ourselves to sleep.

TL;DR I was home with my sick sister when something or someone started stomping around, couldn't explain it, my grandma told it to stop over the phone and it did.
 









 It's too bad she doesn't have a name that can be easily alliterated with a word for hate. Good job, girlfriend. You dropped the ball AGAIN HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO WORK WITH THE LETTER K 




 No, you're definitely not alone, She's like that and my Dad is actually like that too, he laughs about it because they're similar. I mean, I can recognize when stuff is bad sure, but it doesn't occur to me to hone in on flaws in stuff that I like. I'm kind of glad though, its probably harder to enjoy stuff for people like y'all. 




 Yeah! Then she'd get internet famous for being THE GREATEST HATER OF THEM ALL. :P No though seriously, that's a good idea. 




 Discussing is fine, I actually like doing stuff like that, but mostly all she does is point out flaws in a negative way, and any discussion turns into an argument. There have been times where we discuss wasted potential though, or better ways it could have gone, and sometimes we end up having really good idea for stories or Roleplay through that. I just feel I dont know, stupid in comparison to her sometimes, because I just dont see the 'glaring' flaws in things like she does. 




 My girlfriend is so critical. OF EVERYTHING. "This movie sucks and this is why, This show sucks and this is why, this song, book, artist isnt that good and this is why, here is every fault you never new existed in everything you love, oh I didnt like that thing that was perfectly good- in fact it was so bad I couldnt even force myself through 30 minutes of it." Like. Really. It's everything. Even stuff she likes. She points out the faults. and with some of the stuff, its stuff I really like and she's just like "Oh that was so awful." I don't really /hate/ this about her, its just sometimes hard to deal with and sometimes I feel like I must be lowbrow or have low standards or something because I'm so easily amused compared to her. 




 CLUE fo sho. But there was also this electronic board game from the 90's with a magic wand me and my sisters used to play a lot.

Dont Wake Daddy is probably what gave me anxiety issues. 




 Skyrim. I'm still playing it. I'm a completionist and It's taken me this long just to get through all the side quests and factions. I hecked up real bad with the Blades, though and now am stuck with the Paarthunax thing. 




