 He also sold tractors as well. 




 *because, once you ride a Mason, nothing else cuts it.. Vroom! Vroom!* 




 You were one of the good ones Hank..

But your son's a jackass.  




 "What's a Vole?"

"Dunno, let's find out. Falcon! Bring us back, a Vole"

"Huh!, so Bill's a Vole" 









 Not according to this article.. 

http://www.smh.com.au/business/world-business/apple-loses-us62b-in-minutes-as-shares-crash-on-disappointing-results-20150722-gihqz0.html 




 Could this just be a combination of people waiting for the iphone 6s, and the Apple watch not moving as expected? 









 They're some good looking kids, for 2 ugly people...

Another classic nerd moment for Hank - "yep, you have 4 power outlets and theyre all grounded" 




 I'll be honest, I don't believe you.

One of the fastest tablets I've ever owned or used, yet, somehow yours is unbearably slow.

Get it replaced for a new one. 




 Honestly? I would've been OK with $349 AUD for the 32gb model I have. 




 Enable OEM unlock in developer options.. 




 Unfortunately, giving them away is the only way Google will increase the numbers of the Nexus 9 out in the wild.

It's a great tablet, but not worth the money I paid for it. 




 We should do this at least once a week! 




 When it comes to full sugar, I still lean towards coke, but when it comes to sugar free, Pepsi Max smashed coke Zero and Diet in every way possible. 




 For science, check out these 2 sites and tell me which one you think is owned by Rupert Murdoch.. 

Www.Smh.com.au


Www.News.com.au

 




 Ha! Hopefully it will be running android.. I'm sure I can get root access, install a custom ROM, and make it show everyone at fault.

I better make a nandroid backup in case I get the car stuck in a boot loop. 




 Am I the only one admiring his lawn? 




 There is always a light at the end mate, not sure what it is or when we'll get there, but we will.

You doing / taking anything to control it? Don't let it get the better of you  




 Is it just me or is it blurry as fuck? 




 Pulp Fiction.

Every part of that movie could be a ride. 




 You have to be a firm 'cunt' in my role..

I try not to bring that attitude home with me.

And yes, IT role. 




 Could be mate, but I'm not really one to be diagnosing that for you.

You going through anything in life at the moment that could be causing it?

I was going to add that in there, but I didn't really think people felt that way just because I do. I've had a rough 2 years and get that same feeling, bud. 

You're not alone. 




 Out of curiosity, are Chinese restaurants still a thing in the US?

Down under, they are closing up daily, Thai restaurants are the new 'in thing' 




 Because you probably feel like you're drifting apart from them and they don't share the same interests as you.

Another could be tbat they are friends of convenience, but you're at a different stage of life. 




 Being at work, thanks for the NSFW tags, I'll wait till I get home.. :) 




 Not really argue worthy, but I have seen "what to do" many times on /b/, and never as a meme.. 

it's always some stupid picture with "you walk in and see your .... doing....., what to do?" 




 Well, I'm in it more for the 'Service with a Hug'

Then there is also the propane tanks that have been freaked by Jo-Jack. 




 You were one of the good ones Hank.

But your son's an Ass. 




 well.. keep in mind, Bobby lost his marbles when Bill told him he will forever be alone, trying to get Connie back with everything he could. 




 As soon as I read it and seen the "what to do" I knew it was fake.

It had the typical /b/ written all over it. 




 Jokes on you, I watched a McDonald's and and didn't even press skip. 




 Was kind of hoping the OS was Amiga workbench

Or at least have the boot up screen as being the hand holding the blue disk 




 To OP's credit (even though he is a bundle of sticks until proven otherwise) you wouldn't post your own selfie in /r/trashy 




 I'm using the istick 30w and it has been great.

This is something for all to consider - no one will get onto a forum and start a new thread going on about how well their product has been working, but EVERYONE will go on there and complain about how bad their one is.

I'm sure there is a few lemons out there, but the majority are working fine. 




 This is the main reason why I've moved away from Mech mods and have gone back to Regulated.

Although the iStick might be a crappy device to most on here, for me it does the job perfectly, and it has Micro USB charging. 

No matter where I am, It's not hard to find someone that has an android charger in their car or around the office.  




 So Hank, are you going to meet with him again?

- it was just a one time thing with a guy in a parking lot. 




 It's come to the point where I read all of the responses in their related characters voices.

I still love that her ringtone for Redcorn "She's my cherry pie..." and the photo of him posing on the screen. 




 Where can I find a L pipe? 




 Maybe he really was there the whole time to be close and spy on Dale?..

All that Alien urine must have tipped them off. 




 Nexus 5 is my backup 




 I think M will have a lot to do with Battery life.

Now that we can restrict apps from accessing individual functions, I'm going to disable every single app from getting even remotely close to the GPS chip.

Anytime GPS is used, it's an instant killer. 




 *Sigh* Where would I find a Hammer?!

ps, I HATED BUCKLY SO MUCH! 




 I never really understood it either, but all the same it was a twist that you never expected and really they didn't have to even include it in the episode. 

It was a way of giving the audience a quick piece of closure, that people didn't even really think about too much. 

Weird though, 

Hank - Propane at Strickland

Dale - Exterminator at Dales Dead Bug

Bill - Barber at the Army Base

Khan - Systems Analyst / Car Wash Tycoon

Peggy - Teacher

Minh - err.. Homemaker?

Nancy - Weather Reporter for a news station

Boomhauer - ???????? nothing at all till the last season.  




 Definitely no Cotton in that episode. 

There is Hank's Mum though.

"Dad, can I have permission to say Hell yeah?" 




 He's a Texas Ranger.. 

Makes some of the conspiracy theories that he's there solely to spy on Dale, more credible and funnier. 









 Legend, thank you 




 That's a erfect story to tell. 




 Gribble is going to need that spoon to go with his knife. 




 Sirloin for sure,

The episode didn't have as much Dale as I would've liked (hehe) but the ending was superb.

Hank could never relate to Bobby, and as much as he loved his son he always missed that special bond.

Peggy always tried as hard as she can to create that bond although it was a fruitless effort.

At the end, it wasn't sport, or beer, it was meat.

That same meat that clogged his colon in the first season is the same meat that brought Father and Son together.

What better way to cook that meat, than on glorious propane and propane accessories. 




 You're doing God's work, son. 




 This song was catchy as anything, even though I don't understand a word of it.

Juanes - La Camisa Negra 

https://youtu.be/kRt2sRyup6A 




 Blocked in Aus too. 




 "Reddit jumped the gun" 

This sounds all too familiar.. 




 No Ad Blocker needed, and works on mobile.

Enjoy my KOTH friends.

http://kisscartoon.me/Cartoon/King-of-the-Hill 




 I see your point, it's frustrating though.

I sit here with my Nexus 6, great screen quality and large display, but its all meaningless if the battery dies at 1pm  




 With every user complaining about battery life of phones, you think they'd concentrate on that before screens. 

There is only really so much the human eye can pick up on, and how much media are you really going to consume off a ~5 inch device. 




 Well said. 




 Why?

In all honesty, Why? 




 This should be interesting, I've always appreciated the effort BlackBerry used to put into their devices and how they used to dominate the corporate world.

Their biggest mistake was continuing to make phones for companies rather than the individual.

With Android and BlackBerry teaming together, I'm hoping for a near Nexus experience using vanilla Android, but with all of the BlackBerry secure traits written in the background.

Not sure about a physical keyboard as I hate them, but horses for courses, release 2 versions where one is all touch and one has the Keyboard. 




 That'll do me, thanks mate. 




 I'm genuinely surprised.. The sport here is what needs attention and crowd funding, well actually, it just needs crowds. 




 My Google play services is always at top, even higher than screen usage.

Fucking Google play services.

Your app might have locked up and was sucking some serious CPU juice, was the phone warm?

I use Reddit is Fun as well 




 Is there a TL;DR? 




 No problem at all, 

No one got in contact with me at all over it, it was stuck at Alexandria for over a week and I had to wait it out. 

Usually I get my order in 2 weeks from Nicvape but that one time it took 3.5 to receive it.

Mine wasn't through FedEx it was sent via USPS then delivered locally, so not sure who did the scan, but I'm guessing it was customs. 

There were no updates, no calls, no anything, it just said that it was at Alexandria and that was that.. 

I'm guessing each shipping company will have their own tracking and comments that they release to customers. 




 Looks like your parcel was selected more than likely as a part of a random sample to be inspected.

When / if they contact you or you could contact them, let them know that it's for personal use in your e-cigs.

Yours won't be the first or last bottle they come across.

My bottle was picked up and they had it for a week before I received it. You could tell that the package was opened.

Mine didn't come labelled as being nicotine so I'm guessing it was caught in a scan.  




 I bought mine off ebay for 220 Aus, it was more of a taste test for Android Wear and whether I would like it.

I had it synched to the iphone and it worked fine for me, The biggest issue was the lack of auto reconnection.

My goto watch is still my Tag Carrerra :) 




 You, I like. 




 Don't wanna be 'that' guy, my Moto 360 let's me read the full email and then delete it as well.

I can see why you'd be pissed.

For me, the smartwatch wasnt meant to be so much of a companion device, but a device that meant I didn't have to pull my phone out.

Having a Nexus 6, and device that means I don't need to fumble around with this gigantic device is a winner. 




 That was my risky click for the day 









 Your username a throw-away? If not, you should keep it 




 I love this notion of Australia being a country of rich, where everything is easy to get cause of how much we get paid etc.. 

Until you've actually experienced it, you'll have no idea.

The one thing I love about this country where a developed nation such as the US has royally fucked up, is healthcare.

But then again, we also pay another subset of taxes for that as well. 




 Yes cockface, but everything else costs triple here as well. 

Its comparative. I been to the US and EVERYTHING is much cheaper than it is here. 




 4chan would have a breakdown with this.  




 You obviously haven't bought cigarettes in Australia yet have you?

Try $20-25  




 Same phone without a hardware keyboard, and I'll be all over it. 




 I have a Moto 360 and a Nexus 6.. No dramas here with either of them (knock on wood).

The last Moto product I ever owned was a Star-Tac 




 Same as Aus 




 Really? I have a 250ml bottle, but then again I use it up in 6 months as I mix up juices for mates as well.

What happens when it 'goes off'? Is it just a matter of the nicotine level dropping? 




 How long does it last when it's not in the fridge? 




 Its not that bad of a design and is quite futuristic, but its leaning towards the feminine side.. 




 Credit where credit is due, that vagina has awesome detail in how its been drawn. 




 $600 for a root??

That's both class hooker prices. It better have been one of the best roots you've had!

:) 




 Really? I honestly didn't notice 




 If they made /r/nexus6 private, imagine how mad all 8 of us would be. 




 All jokes aside, the explanation you gave is actually an ELI5 post I would expect.

At least you abide by your rules. 




 Question is, who the fuck gave her gold? 




 Think of us as little brother. 




 Depends on the area / city you are from..  




 A common one liner from our own version of rednecks is "fuck off we're full" or "go back to where you came from".

This T-shirt was a pg version.

Then again, this country is fucked at the moment, people are too scared to fly an Australian flag in fear of it being a sign of racism to others.

This is how socially retarded we have become. 




 Summerfags everywhere. 




 Good move.. Definitely not a place I would want newbies visiting.

End up buying a mech mod running an evod tank and a trustfire battery.

Worst part is that they openly started battering other stores and their owners.

Bunch of wankers. 




 No no no.. Don't be stupid!

You don't want Greece to drown, what you want is for Turkey to bail them out and then claim it as their own.

That will make me all the happier. 




 There is another one in Sydney based in the Sutherland shire.. Probably better you didn't include it.

Imagine a shop that sold the worst of the worst clones from Fasttech at original model prices..

If they were at least good clones I wouldn't mind. 




 Sydney is such an un-tapped market,

If I had the balls to give up my day job I would open up a store.

Until I can sell Nic juices, it's just not worth it in my opinion.  




 I'm 31, watched it since ep1 and haven't stopped since.

Remember, there is more to the world than just the U.S.. 

We down under folk don't mind it either.  




 Someone that gets it. 




 This was social justice. Completely justified as well. 


He will know for next time. 




 Nah mate, it goes back almost like normal. 

 




 But, if you had to choose one? 




 Looks more like Cheech  




 I wouldn't call what you guys speak over there as being 'English'

Then again, Australians bastardised the language as well, but we keep as close as we can to it! 




 wrong thread buddy :) 




 Can you mow your lawn in a hurricane? I don't think so! 




 Huge props and thanks to the people / person that put this together.

He is one of the best characters on tv, animated or not. 









 What do you mean? 




 "He wouldve spent the money on something stupid anyway.. Like himself." - Dale Gribble. 




