 That's how we do 



















 Bulldogs always look so sad. It's weird cause their body language says otherwise. 




 When I went to the Bay Area I paid $16 for a pack of cigarettes, a bottle of water, and a lighter. This was at the 5th place I stopped at because all the other ones were more expensive. Granted this was downtown San Francisco, but still. I've never seem more homeless people in my entire life and I don't live in a small city. 




 Correct me if I'm wrong, but couldn't you just buy a relatively cheap computer off Amazon or really anywhere, for probably less than $500 that would be literally 1,000's of times better than this? 

I would assume their budgets would be hundreds of times this, why couldn't they spend a few hundred once on a replacement? 




 There are at least 5 Family Video/Marco's Pizza in my immediate area, and I know of 3 more closeish, so I'm pretty sure this could be one of many 




 I'm way late to this, but my assistant manager at a place I worked at a few years ago came very close to having a heart attack, luckily they caught the blockage in time to do a triple bypass. 

Now, his insurance was very good so out of pocket he only had to pay like $8,000 or so, but he got an itemized bill from the hospital, and there were some absolutely ridiculous charges on there... one that immediately springs to mind was $300 some odd dollars for administering baby aspirin (like $30 per pill). 

I literally almost shit my pants looking at that bill. It was insane. The total amount, had he not had insurance, would have exceeded $500,000. 




 Fuck that. I'd have told my parents to get bent. 




 I thought it was gonna have something to do with tanking or something, threat referring to aggro. This was still good though. 




 Very few things I hate more than the douche that suddenly slows down to 15 in a 45 without warning to start turning, and *halfway* through the turn on goes the signal. I'M ALMOST IN YOUR TRUNK BECAUSE THE PURPOSE OF THE SIGNAL IS TO WARN PEOPLE AROUND YOU THAT YOU'RE **ABOUT** TO TURN. IT'S A LITTLE LATE NOW CUNT. 

I want to punch these people so hard. 









 I don't even know what that is 




 No 




 Salami and provolone 









 There's no way he's ever gonna be able to pay that off either. 

But these dingbat politicians think this is perfectly acceptable. 




 Yes and I'm pretty sure it was Chantix 




