



















 Does this strike anyone else as absurd self righteousness? 




 Bisping! The count be counting them stacks 





























 lol an all time classic 




 For me, it was when Koscheck was fighting GSP, losing horribly, and tried some hilarious spinning back kick with the worst form imaginable  














 Stephen Wonderboy Thompson vs. anybody 














 new fav fighter, 
























 Lawler is like a Boss Dragon here 



















 that seems suspect.. he made a pretty penny of his Tito trilogy fights 



















 lol hilarious 









 I suppose its possible they went balls to the wall with McGregor Aldo content that had to be shelved and didn't want to invest more $ 









 Conor showin off some of his soccer skillz 


































 frustrating as hell.. this shouldn't be a bug ! 




 Anyone experienced this? I'll add 8 songs or so to an original playlist, but when I go to the playlist, 5 or 6 of them refuse to be added.. even after Apple Music gives me the "added" checkmark to indicate that it worked. 




 Two male students invited a female classmate over to party. They gave her shrooms and then had sex with her... and videotaped it... 









 Connor is a natural hype man 














 Same, Jones vs. DC was off the hook, especially with the genuine bad blood b/n the too and that classic ESPN hot take video.

I'm sure UFC will pump up the marketing starting next week.. they have more than enough source footage to work with to make some ridiculously good vids and promo material 









 nauseating.. lets see him rescue a team and lead them to a title first. 












































 fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck 







































 misleading title, not the case 

















































 Agreed on Improvised Shakespeare.  Also Chaos Theory is an all-star cast, hard to go wrong with them 









 And yet people were so quick to say he's the best heavyweight of all time 




 Yet still as pertinent as ever. Lebron in crunch time is about as dangerous as J.R. Smith.  The Cavs waltzed to the finals in a historically weak Eastern Conference and all of a sudden Lebron is the best player ever, MVP of the finals, when he just has 2 rings? (one of which was thanks to Ray Allen)...   














 Ah.. I knew it sounded familiar.. Andre Nickatina used it as the beat for this song... great tune! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=He0HJGj5l1E 




 Exactly, style wise he matches up great with Dos Santos and Silva.. Verdum was his toughest matchup yet, and his most challenging opponent to date.. 

Altitude is a real thing tho, wonder if if that played into it 




 He's been killing it lately... I think the "Cain is the best HW ever" hype train was overblown.. too much too quickly 









 They get a car or hummer that they don't drive usually 









 Pass of the year? What are you Cavs fans smoking?! 









 Gruber is better than Carson? umm, okay 









 This is a great new feature that developers will hopefully take advantage of. More than that, glad to see iOS 9 install will finally be manageable  









 What must make it hurt all the more is that Verdum isn't trying to stir up shit or hurt anyone's feelings.. he is just saying what he genuinely thinks.. 












































 How is it that iTunes library has 37 million songs and Google Play just 30? Is it because of classical music, or perhaps because Apple has more foreign acts on its service? One would think that Google Play, Spotify, and iTunes would all have equal sized libraries at this point, no? 














 Lame hipocritical Rothwell trying to talk himself into something... 












































 much obliged chocotacoman! 



















 Thankfully this douche is already out of business.. 



















 All of a sudden Bader is up for title consideration? And Gus is fighting for it after a loss? Wasn't too long ago the division was stacked... guess JBJ cleared it out but good 




 Where's the travel? His right foot remained planted 



































































































 That was amazing.  Two things come to mind..

1) What exhilarating footage
2) One would never guess from watching him enter the room that Joe L would destroy you in a fight. 

















































