 Petition to have Christoph Waltz to play every villian in every movie from now until the end of time, please. 




 I have a dream that I want to pursue, I want to be an animator. I want it real bad. But I find myself trapped in an endless cycle of browsing the internet and laughing at memes and so forth. Is there any motivation you have that you could share with me? How do I just stop wasting time on reddit and go work on my dream? Please help me, I really feel bad about this internet addiction.  




 [Another angle](http://imgur.com/Pwtxlkb)

It's also stated in this [official Star Wars article](http://www.starwars.com/news/the-cinema-behind-star-wars-2001-a-space-odyssey).  









 IMO there's no point in buying merchandise if the movie hasn't come out yet. What if you hate the movie? Imagine all the people that bought a Jar Jar Binks toy before the movie even came out. 




 What you're describing is Rogue One. And I don't know about you but I don't want it to be too "techy". Star Wars (the original trilogy) had a visual theme of "aged future". That's more appealing to me then bright and shiny Clone Wars. 




 I've never seen any of the Star Wars movies on the big screen however I absolutely love it. I was only 7 when RotS came out, so that was too young for me to see it in theatres. I would love to see Star Wars IV-VI on the big screen before I see TFA, because I plan on marathoning them before the new movie anyway. 

I reached out to Cineplex (Canadian movie theatre chain) on Twitter to ask if we would be getting some screenings, but to no avail. I was wondering if anyone here had heard about theatres planning on playing it, news articles suggesting something, or if you think it's likely/unlikely to happen. 




 This here is what I hate about Reddit. A man expresses his views and gets downvoted because it goes against the hivemind circlejerk... 




 op's mom's pussy 




 I hope no one in this thread is narcissistic enough to believe that they are "super-smart"...  




 when i banged op's mom 




 Reddit is basically a hugspace already. The "circlejerk" as it is called.  




 This was actually not done with CGI like you'd think. The whole city is built of miniature buildings, and the flying police car is also practical effect. I believe this is just bait to get everybody rowdy. 




 This is too different from the Joker we know! It's shit!

This Joker is so unique, I'm glad they're doing something new! It's great! 




 I'm heading off to university this fall where I will be hopefully learning some valuable skills in the field of film. The course I'm taking balances both film study and also hands on moviemaking. From there I hope to get a job in the industry I love.

So, I was wondering if some former students of film or people who would consider themselves well versed in film could recommend me some movies that are sure to be discussed and studied by my class. Or films that you personally think that everyone should watch before they try their hand at making their own. 

Thanks! 




 It would definitely be in the character of Han to pull that kind of thing... 




 It was an obvious mistake in the script and they covered it up with some EU story. If it seriously pisses you off when someone points that out then you might need some help. 




 I'm in a movie xD epic 









 Who is champ? 




 Why are you being downvoted? Jesus Christ the circlejerk is strong around here... 




 On a serious note, does anyone know how I can apply to be an extra in the background of a Star Wars movie? I'd literally pay to do it. 




 Now I kind of do want to see her in a slave outfit... 




 Not 100% sure on this one, but I think it's a possibility that they used practical effects in this movie. 




 Carrie Fisher is much funnier that I thought she'd be, Adam Driver seemed like he didn't really want to be there, and of course it's great to see Harrison Ford happy despite how he allegedly hates his character. 




 Guys, I'm wondering, did they use any practical effects on this movie? 




 I would honestly freeze myself in carbonite and miss out on 6 months of my life just to see this sooner. 




 Guys, guys, have you considered this?....

PRACTICAL EFFECTS 




 Threepio with a red arm is confirmed! And damn, Leia looks so much better than I expected! 




 Mods? May he be banned? 




 Will this footage be up on youtube later do you think? 




 No footage as in they're not showing any or people aren't allowed to videotape? 




 /u/00-----00, you created another account? 




 The entire cast of TFA is skydiving into hall H 




 That's nice but I'm here for SW leaks, not to partake in some random guy's power trip. 




 Petition to ban this guy? At this point I don't care whether he's right or wrong I just don't want this petty subreddit drama in the way of actual content. 




 So basically, if a black bear attacks you, you're fucked. 




 Can we just ban this guy? Whether or not he's right this subreddit is about SW leaks, not petty user drama. 




 "Hey guys you wanna see something?"

*crowd erupts in cheers*

The room goes dark. Footage begins to play.

It's Kylo Ren. He removes his mask to reveal Benedict Cumberbatch.

"MY NAME IS KHAN!" 




 Thanks, watched it and thought it was great! 




 epic troll friendo 




 I'd rather get nothing if we're not gonna get a trailer. I mean what's the point of seeing the behind the scenes of scenes we've never even seen the front of? 




 Nah, 4chan says ebin not dank. 




 What's "current" depends on where on the internet you are. For people on Facebook, they've never even heard of "dank memes". For people on Reddit, it's current. For people on 4chan, they would cringe if they heard someone say "dank". 









 Yeah, I've heard, but I'm not about to watch a romance movie to find out! 




