




 They sell these where I live in upstate NY, but they say "Tourist hunting permit". Much funnier IMHO. 




 Love your style;) 




 Shuns paring knife is very highly rated among pro chefs,good choice.For a chef knife however i would suggest something like this for someone new to Japanese knives http://www.chefknivestogo.com/fu18gy.html . This will save you some  money and hold an edge better than a German knife while being less prone to chipping or tip breaking while you get used to the thin blade and steep edge bevels of these knives. Use the Germans as the work -horses and the gyuto for things like slicing and dicing softer veggies and boneless meats. Warning: the first time you slice a ripe tomato and don't see any juice on your board, you may fall in love with these knives. One last thing,learn how to strop,you won't be sorry.
 




 I have never heard of a face being called a money maker. 




 come on and let me ya shake your money maker, come on and let me see ya shake your money maker!...(Old song) 




 Well said. 




 Apparently not,that is a girls bike. 




 Douche bag city tourist family in small town diner. Parents let the little kids run wild all over the place,drinking creamers and eating jelly pacs,tripping up the server and disturbing all the customers.Dad is very rude and demanding to the waitress and while she is still standing there, lectures 10 year old son that this is "Recognizing your station in life" . 




 I don't see what the big fucking deal is. If a sub offends you, don't subscribe to it and you won't see it. 




 Netflix and Roku, thought there must be a catch but now I would be lost with out them. 




 So every time a car in the opposing lane splashes mud or slush on my windshield I'm supposed to pull over to clean it? You are a dumb-ass. 




 Smell of fresh ground coffee makes me tear up remembering my late wife. 




 Hope this goes viral,Cuban kid trumps Star Wars kid IMHO. 




 When I was young,stores could be open on Sunday,but only certain sections, (food,personal care,clothing). As my dad put it,"You can buy a shirt but not a damn hammer." I always thought that was just a bunch of stupid nonsense and was glad to see these laws go,alcohol being the last one. 




 Reeses,take a bight then a sip of coffee and gently swish in mouth like wine tasting 




 According to my mother, my whole life. But hey,I've done OK and she can't fuckin stand it. Fuck that controlling bitch.
 




 Firefly? 




 OP is a fag. 




 Best post I've seen in a while,thank you! 




 In the days when phones were attached to the wall,I picked up the phone to call my friend and he was already on the line. Neither of us heard any ringing. 









 Not to much actually, the big one was $35 and the little one was around $80. To be honest I haven't done any serious sharpening with these,I just play around stropping on them for edge upkeep and they do fine with that although the course one won't cut the super steels very well,(vg10,R2). I guess the trick to nats is to keep the slurry washed off until you get the edge and and then let it build up and thicken as you keep working with less and less pressure, that way one stone is multi grit. One day i will find the patience to try this. For actual sharpening I have a couple Shapton bench stones and an edge- pro, easy peasy quick and easy. Got the nats from CKTG and at those prices I'm sure they are not top of the line,but it's a start. 




 Goko 240 white#1 custom and kohetsu 210 AS. Stones are J-nats with the large one being medium grit and the smaller one extra fine. The Goko is a real beast,drops through product like nothing I've ever seen and I have a number of good quality gyutos. 














 the redundant troll cats,featuring advice animals on drums because they are pretty good at beating a dead horse. 




 http://www.bearandsoncutlery.com/products/traditional/ 




 Another 60's/70's guy here, Bugs bunny,Three Stooges and my hands down #1  Woody Woodpecker. 




 Grew up in the same town as Cha-Cha Muldowney, rat rods were huge when I was a kid!
 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2_tnosQ9Jh8 




 That is not a rat rod,that is a nice restoration of an old model A flat head v-8. 




 My go to has always been watching how they handle the tools:if they use a spatula like they are poking a lizard with a stick,grabbing a bread, or worse yet,steak knife to use on the sandwich bar or pulling a pan off the heat to flip the meat, forget them. 




 Maybe we could get Good Will to put those big metal boxes around in parking lots so we could donate this stuff to unfortunate people who have no knives. 




 Yes it was,you reminded me of all the crap I've gotten on x-mas and b-days over the years,too funny! 









 :) 




 Yea,that's a really nice find.There is something warm and comforting about those old tube radios. when I was little my night light was the tubes in an old Sylvania receiver. Good luck with it. 




 There is a HUGE collectors market for Halicrafters,I'd bet it is still worth something even for parts. 




 Fire Fly...It's about time and I can't believe this hasn't been thought of before. 




 That is one sweet looking old radio. Clean it up and see if it works,then google it to find out if it has collector value. 




 She is lucky it wasn't this guy.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdnJxDmJNmA 




 15 years ago I found a job at a small diner in a busy tourist town. One cook one server start at minimum and split tips 50/50. I'm still there ,have a 4 day week, and make more than the poor bastards putting in 60 hours at the fancy places. Best move I ever made. 




 Spoken like a true Murray Carter fan,nice! 









 Ask this question on R/knives as there are some very accomplished sharpeners there. 




 The guy who had to squeel like a pig in "Deliverence" Poor bastard is in other movies but thats all you can think of when you see him. 




 Cameras, the overbearing micro-managers best friend. 




 Haven't tried it but this one looks good and is cheaper than the Ultimate edge. http://www.chefknivestogo.com/messermeister-8pc-knife-roll.html 




 I also like to bring the stuff you can never find when it's needed,first aide kit,extra rags, flashlight, small SAK. 




 Bill Moran was the master. https://www.google.com/search?q=bill+moran+knife client=ubuntu hs=v5p channel=fs tbm=isch tbo=u  









 The Linder was just so cool I had to have it. Got the little spydy last year for a work knife but won't open one handed,oh well sweet desk knife. 









 Feels fine for what it's made for which is an office or dress type knife. 




 Des Horn 




 Des horn
 




 Thought the tip would be delicate but it's pretty beefy. 









 With kitchen knives at least, a dull blade will tend to turn the product you are trying to cut and drag your fingers under the blade. 




 I have been using green (chromium oxide) compound on my work knives for quite a while now with great results,cheap and can be found at Ace or where ever. If you want to go further and have money to burn, try here. http://www.chefknivestogo.com/strops.html . 1 micron diamond paste on balsa and I can razor cut the loose ends of my hair. 









 Kizlyar U-5 









 Custom from CKTG. 









 Goko white #1 240, custom handle and Shapton pro 2K. 









 Here in the north east it used to be much worse. Up until the early 60's if you even found a store open on Sunday, certain sections would be dark and roped off because as my dad explained it,"You can buy a shirt, but not a goddam hammer." Only food or personal items in other words. Thankfully blue laws and pay-toilets have long been just a bad memory in NY state. 




 Reheated leftovers. 




 Technology left them behind with the debut of My Mother the car. 




 You forgot Flicka. 




 Because you can't recycle the same old worn out sex jokes by adding this or that ethnic context when the star is an animal....well you could but the FCC wouldn't allow it. 




 190 mph on public roads, 27 wins at isle of man, doesn't give a fuck about the press,starts a charity for orphans,dedicated to his wife and kids,beats the piss out of the youngsters riding 1000's while he is on a 750. 









 dork 




 Scrolled through comments a bit and saw no mention of these two: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-Q3cp3cp88   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eJxDDxcMKRY  Great party music.
 









 A friend of mine got a panther on his arm and after he got into working out it looked like a horse nosed panther.He got a cover up of something else after awhile.Something to consider. 




 You puts a little wine in de pot and a little wine in de chef! Love this guy,learned some good stuff from him. 




 Banking. 




 Reminds me of an old joke I heard somewhere:Bus plunges off cliff in India,862 feared dead. 




 Love the knife rack, is it hand made? Some nice looking unusual knives too,any info on them? 




 Road Rash! 




 Ima let you finish but I think Loretta should have won. 




 Firefly 




 Downstairs prep room had a hole in the wall for years.when the owner finally went to replace the panel, about a bushel of beer caps came pouring out. 




 Agreed,speed chopping onions is ok,trying to speed chop carrots is just retarded. 




 Needs a bit of a tune-up out of the box,but a great deal. Nice little work horse for a 210mm. 




 http://www.chefknivestogo.com/riar21ca52.html 









 Correct on all counts. Stones are J-nats that I got from CKTG. Naturals are usually hideously expensive but these two plus the nagura came to just over $100,not bad. The large one is low grit and the small one is a very hard high grit finisher. I figured that if I'm going to learn free hand sharpening I might as well start the old fashioned way. 




 Old computers have them, it makes the beep noise when they boot up 









 I saw a giraffe be born one time. Stupid mom didn't even stoop down.Poor little guy just fell out from 10 feet up.
 




 Genaric stuff,weather,price of milk,parking, traffic ect... 




 Do not start a job by dumping all your head problems,husband or wife problems,monetary problems,ect...ect... on your new co-workers. 




 I have seen people change a kids diaper right on the table  they are eating at. 




 Lots of rich self absorbed people do that. 




 Become a junky and find out. 




 HA HA! 2 years on reddit and this is the first time I've been called a fag! 




 Re-posted this from another sub and neglected to change the OP's title,my bad. I have never seen anyone infected,but I have seen a lot of people being stupid and careless with their used needles.Thought that I can't be the only one. 




 ??? 




 Some people just don't get it I guess. 




 North east 




 Small diner,tourist town. 




 I have seen a lot of  people leave their used needle on the plate instead of disposing of it properly. 









 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcwP5wpNGyw 




 Be thankful your boss is not like that. My boss not only makes the crew portion soup into little plastic microwave containers,it has to be weighed on the scale.She can not understand that a bowl only holds so much and ladles have numbers for a reason. I die a little every time I see some poor soul trying to pick out a piece of carrot to get the weight right. 




 That you could survive a nuclear attack by leaning against a wall with your hands over your head,thank God I know cursive writing and can communicate after the big one drops. 




 Raise hand(FINGER SNAP),waitress could you run over here and clean this up.Junior made a mess with the jelly packs and syrup. As the waitress cleans it up..."See son, you have to know your station in life."  




 I'm so old that I remember the "Blue laws". If a store was open on Sunday,certain sections would be roped off and kept dark because you could only buy food, clothing, or personal care items. 




 I have dabbled in knife making and never came up with anything that nice,keep it up you have talent.
 




