




 Humans are cancer to this planet, unless we hurry the hell up and progress in science and intergalactic travel. Religion sometimes holding it back... It's a shame we won't be around to see our species around the galaxies. Sci-fi movies will have to do for now! :)

.

Going bed now! (2am) [Farewell to you sir.](https://ih1.redbubble.net/image.11640658.0674/pp,375x360.jpg) 




 Hahahaha yes! xD

 

This is the answer for everything! The human species have not yet matured! ;) 




 Yup, the big guys cause evil too.

ISIS? [Funded mostly by the US.](https://www.google.co.uk/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant ion=1 espv=2 ie=UTF-8#q=does+the+US+fund+isis)

.

Why?

.

Money. 




 [xD well it's true!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o28xBkVcpsw)

.

My dream is that humans will all wake up from this religious lie that has been cursed upon us since birth. Progress is being made! :3 




 Exactly my point. Raised to be a good boy and work for the big companies who take control of your life on a daily basis, being used to make money. And leading you into believing in this fantasy heaven, or you'll go to hell. 

.

"Be a good boy or else santa isn't coming."

.

Money. It's all money.

.

Why don't we all just treat each other nicely, remove religion (religion, not faith.) and progress as a species and stop bombing eachother? 




 Religion won't die out, for sure, there'll always be strange people who believe in magical small arab jews capable of answering over 7 billion prayers each day including on their day off, which is when most of the praying takes place, and who have big beards that also get eaten by fish and build big boats and live up to 9,000 years old 

(Wow if religion never existed, you'd think I was absolutely high as fuck right now.)

but I hope the main kind of 'religions' do die out and people start realizing that the evidence of life and all its answers are all around them. 




  "I'm Jewish"

 "I'm not religious"

 "I'm agnostic"

Make your mind up?

.

From a religious point of view (pretending i'm religious) from birth you grow up thinking santa is real, and thinking that religion is real. But with santa, you find out it's just your parents. And there's evidence for it. Thus making you no longer believe in santa.

.

Now I know that's a very blunt and narrow minded way to put it, but you get the jist of what I'm saying. In addition to how Christianity always needs money, doesn't pay taxes, and leads you to believe that after you've worked your entire life to make big companies money, you'll die, and go to this fantasy land. But when you die you'll realise that they all lied to you. 

Haha jk, you'll be dead. 




 I'm not on about Darwin, I'm straight up on about the fact that the UK is marked as a christian country. National religion type stuff. 




 "Modern society has decided that selling your daughter into sexual slavery and owning slaves isn't okay, so we don't do it. We've decided that there's nothing abhorrent about human sexuality, gay or straight, so we've tossed that out. "

So how did this bit manage to make its way into the holy bible? I'm not being sarcastic, but isn't that kind of... weird? To have a holy bible then to ignore it? Not that 'it' being rape is a good thing to do. [Bo hits on some good points too.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zxc20saM8DA)

In terms of having Charles Darwin on the note, that's awesome. Showing science advancing the understanding of the entire human species all done by one person is an outstanding way of showing how well we can perform once our minds are free. 




 You grew out of santa.

Why not religion?

It sounds random and silly, but just have a little think about that 




 I'm atheist, thanks for announcing that you're a jew or I wouldn't of known that you are of higher status than myself.

So we've gone from asking a question about Darwin and religion, to me trying to look 'cute' 'bias' and 'clever'? Correct?

Science and religion can coexist side by side. I didn't say it couldn't.

The bible states that you can sell your daughter for sex, own a slave, cannot be gay or eat shrimp, and even goes on about living over 9000 years old. Tell me more about how we're not adapting the bible to fit modern society?
 




 Very much correct, though I'm unsure about the anti-science in terms of *SOME* believers / anti vaccines. 




 I'm aware of the percentages of religion, I'm not on about them. A quick wikipedia search reveals that the UK is tagged as a christian country. Dominantly. Hence why we have churches all over the place. The uk is a christian country. 

Finished high school. Your turn. 




 Well it's first of all not very easy to do, and there are many challenges faced in order to do so.

Firstly, the body or brain may choose to reject one another. Meaning that you'd die basically. Much like heart transplants, but precautions can be taken to try and minimise this risk.

Next we'd need to connect the brain up to the body, this will take hours on hours to complete, and it'd need to be attached to the spinal cord which is extremely / impossible to do as to date.

We need to connect all the of neurons, each of which contain up to 10,000 synapses EACH. And in some places such as the cortex, will even be in trillions. (Yes spelt with a T.)

And quite frankly, the technology needed is no way near to the advance level of the human brain.

While it may be possible to do a brain transplant. We simply don't have enough understanding and technology available in order to proceed. Though this may change in years to come. 




