 I could handle ebooks. I prefer a solid book over them, but I didn't get a kindle for nothing. Sometimes it slips me as a medium!  




 The only reason this is such a huge deal is that my parents are out of state for two weeks. My hands are tied. I wish they could look at the records from the last time I got a card (along with my moms signature on my old card!) and give me a new one, but I guess not.  




 I have a huge TBR list and a very thin wallet, so the library is my buddy. I haven't gone in a while since I've been in a bit of a slump, but I went to the library and the whole system was different. 

I needed a pin to use the computers. I asked what that was about. The librarian scanned my card and looked me up and apparently I wasn't in the system. Okay, maybe it's not scanning correctly? She sends me down to the first floor for a new card. This librarian tells me they don't use those cards anymore and I need a new one. I got that card 10 years ago and my aunt has taken me to another city's library and used her 20 year old card! 

Has this happened to anyone else? This is a minor inconvenience to most, but apparently you have to be 18 to get a library card. I'm 17. I can drive a car and hunt animals but I can't be trusted to get a library card to replace my existing one. 

I know this is a bit more of a rant than book discussion, but I want to share my feelings with some book lovers that would understand the pain of not having a library card. 
 




 I definitely finished the book with very negative feelings. I also feel that I read the book at the wrong time in my life, which took away from me fully enjoying the book and being able to look at Holden from an objective viewpoint. 

I also read it for school. Although I disliked it while I read it during the summer, when September came around, along with the teachers analysis, that book got butchered and I ended up liking it less. Maybe I'll give it a second go in a few years.  




 It's good you got out of that. A minimum wage job is not worth that sort of treatment. Even if the job put you at a temporary loss from the uniform cost, the next job you get will hopefully be a much better environment that pays better as well.  




 **The Hobbit by J.R.R. Tolkien** 
I'm hoping to finally finish this book after starting it over a year ago. I just can't get into it as much as I hoped. I keep setting it down but I'm on the last 30 pages so I'm trying to persevere and move on. I've read other books in between though!  




 RemindMe! 2 days Donation for /r/millionairemakers 




 My store has 3 people on during rushes because we tend to hit 65-70 subs an hour during these rushes. Between rushes we have 2 people working to get the prepping done for the next rush. 

There's 3 subways in my town, and the other two have a different owner. Our store has sales, so we're the more popular store.  




 What did your uniform consist of? $40 is quite a big cost for the uniform. Typically the first apron and hat is free and the first shirt is $10. You could always just work enough hours to get the money for the uniform back.  




 Honestly, when people say "surprise me!" I go through and confirm every ingredient anyways. You don't know if these people have any food allergies or if they're looking to call and complain about the sub later for free food. 

I'd rather play 20 questions than get in trouble for killing a customer.  




 People are standing in aisles now. It's ridiculous, but it's great! Wisconsin for Bernie!  




 http://imgur.com/WSRETYB
Quick pano of crowd 10 minutes before Bernie 




 "Hi, my name is ______ and I put in an application ______ ago, and I'm calling to make sure it was received by the manager or store owner." 
That's the easiest way to make that call go. You know the store technically 'received' your app, but you don't know if anyone looked at it. This ensures that a manager will know there's an app waiting and if they're hiring, they'll look. If they're not hiring, they'll let you know.  




 Definitely not. I don't think I would even see a McDonald's employee with a backwards hat. A couple people at my store have tried it, and I correct them because it's horribly unprofessional.  




 The other night a lady asked for habaneros. So I go for the jalapeos, thinking she mixed them up. No. She wanted banana peppers. Alright. You have fun with those tangy habaneros.  




 I would do Barcelona and Toledo. I toured ~12 cities in Spain, and Madrid was my least favorite. For shopping it's nice, but it's such a bustling metropolitan area it doesn't make a great vacation. 

Barcelona and Toledo are both gorgeous cities. 

Toledo has history and sites and little shops on side streets that are fun to go into and restaurants that you're less likely to find in an urban area. While in Toledo, I also got a gorgeous handmade sword. I don't recommend a sword because customs was an absolute pain, but there's also jewelry and smaller blades that are easier to transport. The views in and of Toledo are breathtaking and great photo spots. 

Barcelona gives the best of both worlds  with metro shopping areas in the same city as amazing sites to see such as the Sagrada Familia (pictures don't do the inside of it justice! Definitely go on a sunny day) and the Parque Gell. The architecture throughout the city is also just amazing. 

I don't entirely hate Madrid. The museums there are amazing, but I would only make Madrid a day trip. The museums don't take too long to tour and there's only so much time you can spend in Parque Retiro. 

Honestly, if you're going to be in Spain for a while, don't limit yourself to a couple cities. Get around for some day trips! The aqueducts in Segovia, the university in Salamanca, and the bull fighting museum in Seville were some of my absolute favorite spots outside of Barcelona and Toledo. 

Sorry for the lengthy post and any spelling errors, but Spain is such and old and amazing country.  




 Leave the sandwich on the counter next to the register. Whoever is on register will bag it, or you can do it when you get there. It's possible to bag with gloves, but it's a waste of time if you have other subs to worry about.  




 When you get the call depends on the store. But if you do get the call for the interview, take it seriously. I've seen many people sit down with my manager in jeans and a tshirt that looked like it hadn't been washed in a week and I never saw them come back. Grey slacks and a white button down was my interview outfit. Professional, but not flashy. Come off friendly, not militant. Subway is all about employees being happy around customers, so show in your interview that you can handle your job without losing your cool. You can google plenty of other interview prep tips that aren't subway specific but you'll still need. 

If you land the job, do the online training ASAP! Your coworkers don't want to deal with someone who is asking how to season bread after 3 months of working there. Ask questions here. This subreddit it saturated with experienced employees.  




 I would consider them okay. Many companies make brass weights. I don't know if brass is safe for long term use, but as long as you got the jewelry from somewhere you can trust, you should be okay.  




 Company wide change. Scoring was only aesthetic but under trained employees scored improperly and made the bread non functional. There was a thread on this a couple weeks ago.  




 8 to 6 was definitely my most exciting too! I was stuck at 8 FOREVER! I moved up to 6 on my birthday with no problems. Overall it was a pretty okay day. That stretch was a great start to my day.  




 I'm hoping to get a watercolor tattoo for my first tattoo, and I want it done right. I'm willing to travel, but not too far. 

Anyone know any good artists in the Midwest for watercolor pieces?  




 I put my visor below my bangs and then pull it up to regular height so it lifts my bangs. I only do this on hotter days since it looks a bit stupid. Ultimately, it gets the job done.  




 You could make a quiz on quizlet.com with all the formulas, but honestly I found it easier to just jump on meats when we didn't have a rush and ask coworkers questions. They're there to train you. It's their job, let them help you. It'll get easier the more you do it.  




 Honestly, the enchilada sub is what the customer makes it. It's our messiest sub so I always give out extra napkins and in some cases offer a fork. The sauce always drips, especially if you get flatbread. Adding lettuce into that mix will make it hell. Like many others have said, subs are made right in front of you. If your subs are always a mess, maybe you need to reevaluate the obscene amount of veggies/sauce you get.  




 Yeah. If the store sells soup, ask for it in a soup cup. People have asked. I know they're not putting all of that sauce on their sub (some do though when they eat in) so i assume they're stashing sauces they can't buy.  




 Well, the first one is easier to answer. Subway salads are mad with 6 inch portions of meat and footlong portions of veggies. They're actually pretty huge since I usually put enough lettuce to fill the bowl in the cases that people thing olives and lettuce is a salad. 

Other than subway, there's gotta be a variant of southwest at just a regular grocery store. Never scoped it out. But we can't sell packages of it to customers. A week ago a guy came in and asked if he could buy 30 pounds of enchilada. Nope :/  




 Lots of people definitely walk out. Some are okay and want to try something new. Some get mad and start yelling. 

My town also has 4 subways within 5-10 minutes of each other so I just refer them elsewhere, even though they're all under a different owner.  




 Probably a hellish rush combined with the previous shift not doing their job. I've been in the situation where all we have is flatbread. 

People like you who understand that sometimes things just go wrong are the best :)  




 Honestly, I've had people like this. You have to remember that your boss will ultimately value them and their returning wallet more than you and your feelings. These customers will be your problem for 5 minutes maximum. Put on your customer service face for those few minutes and remember that the sooner you just deal with them, the sooner they're gone. 

And petty revenge is always a blast. Oh, you wanted mayo? Here's 40 lines right in the hinge. Cut the sub unevenly. Only 6 olives on a footlong. Give them only 1 napkin. Then when they're gone, go in the cooler or freezer and just rant like there's no tomorrow. They're not completely sound proof, but it's better than yelling at customers!  




 Kaos used to sell 1/4" earskins, but they discontinued them. BAF has some left. I grabbed up a bunch of pairs when I found out.  




 Maybe have flair be how long the user has been with subway? It would be a bit of an honor system (I've been at subway 200 years!), but it would give posters and lurkers an easier time differentiating the more credible comments an advice.  




 Yup! But we can only do it with bread that was in the retarder too long. This means it's really hard to work with and looks terrible when it comes out. Very inflated.  




 With acrylic being a lower quality material, the sizes may not be as regulated as with other materials. I'd recommend digging out a caliper (or gauge card if you're a bodyartforms customer) and measuring them to know which is correct. 8g should be 3mm in diameter.  




 We don't necessarily do all of the prepping. Most of the prepping is supposed to be done by openers and mid shift. But sometimes those people don't quite do their jobs so closers are stuck prepping, or we have a big rush and run out of lettuce, or ham, or something else. Lately the openers have been slacking and leaving about 4 things prepped for the rush :/ 




 I'd recommend going onto bodyartforms and ordering a few silicone orings and trying those. Some people are allergic to the black nitrile ones. My ears always get a bit irritated from them, so I try to stick to the silicone ones.  




 The employees won't make too big of a deal about it. Probably ask a manager what to do and you will either get charged the actual price, or get a nice deal.  




 They even ask when there are people eating in the lobby! Those customers aren't for decoration!  




 Glass if definitely the best option! Silicon is porous. It'll absorb all of the gunk from hiking and be a pain to clean. 

Glass is very easy to clean and hypoallergenic. All it needs is a little water and a soft cloth to clean it off. Hell, I use my tshirt in times of need. Glass is the best material to wear for long term use.  




 Same thing happened to me just now. I have a feeling the text was edited out or something. I'm on mobile so maybe I'm missing a formatting thing? 




 Some openers set the dishes up on the baine differently than others. Putting the knives in different spots, they don't like the meatball spoon with holes, etc. Nitpicking you would only expect from a fast food employee.  




 Luckily I was only in my first week when a lady came in and ordered 100 gift cards! Our general manager was there so she let me know not to try to ring them all in.  




 I've tried putting the baine back together entirely (no food of course) for the opener in the morning. I've tried leaving it all in back to dry. Gotten told off for it both times. It just depends on your opener. I just leave it in back now since I do those dishes last so they need to dry.  




 It's definitely hard to get people motivated! They always want to leave early, but sit on their phones their whole shift and leave all their jobs until the last minute! The faster you finish, the faster you're out!  




 Get as many of your duties done ASAP! As a closer, this is super important. 

I think my favorite hack is something that you would need to ask an opener to do. I hate cleaning the metal cambros that catch all the food from the baine. We figured out that the t shirt bags fit nicely in these. When they're nice and clean in the morning, put some of the bags in them. Leave them in all day or change them if needed. Nice and clean. 

Prepping is usually the first thing I get out of the way. When that's done, I know I'll be ready for customers and not have to run in back to prep during the rush. 

After that I take care of helping my precloser. 

The second bread is panned for the next day and frozens are pulled, I start my closing count. It's okay to count everything in back early since nothing is baked after 6 or so. 

Another thing I do is condense and clean the baine an hour before close. I get all of the veggies and important meats onto one side of the baine. I clean the baine and forget about it. It's my least favorite job so I would rather get it out of the way ahead of time. 

Another one of my favorite little hacks is getting other people to do their job completely. It's the Preclosers job to take out garbage. I make sure they take out all the garbage. It's a bit riskier for a closer to leave the store to take out the garbage late at night. At my store we also have a rule about dishes. You need to clear the sinks before your shift ends. I make sure others do that or I get stuck with a huge pile of dishes.

There's probably much more, I love finding ways to make my job easier, but that's all I can think of for now.  




 Thank you! It's good to find out that I didn't destroy it! It really worried me because it never did this any other time I washed it.  




 I tried it on all my brushes and nothing but makeup ran out! This was a bit of relief. It would have been terrible if all of my brushes were ruined.  




 I picked up the Ulta brush and sponge cleanser and tonight I tried it out. The first think I cleaned was my beauty blender. I've been washing it before with just some foaming Dial soap. So I get it soaked and spritz some of the cleanser on. I start lathering it in and pink starts splashing on the sink! I panic and rinse my beauty blender and the water started running pink! 

My beauty blender seems okay now, just a couple pale spots. I don't know how this effects the integrity of the sponge. The cleanser says it works by dissolving makeup so I worried my sponge was dissolving. 

Has anybody else had this problem? It doesn't seem like something that's supposed to happen!  




 If it's a dollar or two that they actively tip me, I definitely say thank you. If it's their 13 change, I ignore it. They threw it in the tip jar because they didn't want it, not because they thought I should have it.  




 I love when they end up just putting everything back and asking for water. Makes me wonder if they can read or need glasses.  




 Always. Especially after the new menu boards came out. People come in and order 4 footlongs and ask me why their total is $35! Sorry, I gave you your receipt and the prices are right in front of you. I figure if anyone really wants to fight me on the prices, I can direct them to the 800 number that's likely somewhere on the receipt.  




 This works for any store that doesn't carry pizzas. We carry pizzas and therefore pizza boxes, so we're still stuck with flatizzas.  




 Thanks! 




 I ordered online from Ulta to get the free gift bag. Everything was in great condition!...except the brush cleaner. As I was opening the bag, I noticed that the brush cleaner had leaked! I don't want to go through the hassle of returning the package and waiting for it to be shipped out again if it's not necessary. 

Can I take the product into an Ulta store with the receipt and have it exchanged? It's pretty cold here in wisconsin, so the bottle or cap probably cracked during shipping.  




 I was in that spot last night. No customers either! There's a point in the night where you could leave and it wouldn't matter.  




 Me too! It's my favorite scent but I can't find it anywhere, so I've been carefully rationing it for special events.  




 I found a pair on plugclub.com that I was planning on going with, since I don't know how well the goo would go with the acrylic. 

I didn't even think of a tree stash! Mine will only be in 2g, so it wouldn't hold near enough to have any fun. I'm sure the larger lobed members here would have a good shot at it though :) 




 It's definitely one of the most important things I've learned at subway. 

And when all else fails, go scream in the cooler. Shits almost soundproof.  




 Yup!! 




 I've been looking into getting a pair of steel stash plugs. I was wondering if I could keep some spare holey buttr in them. Anybody done this? It would be nice to have some on me without carrying the tin.  




 You probably won't lose it or have to take it out, but you may find that you don't like the look of it once you're at your goal size. I watch a YouTuber who is at 2 inches and took out other love piercings simply because she found her ears a bit cluttered.  




 I have never thought about this and honestly, it's a bit terrifying. Maybe because I just thought of wearing my bunny as a slipper! This is truly a horrifying aspect of transfiguration that I would like to see a comforting fact/headcanon for. I'm not vegan or anything, but this makes me want to ban transfiguration with animals!  




 First, NONSLIP SHOES! I don't know if your store will require them or not, but they will save your life so much. Subway is a slippery store. 

Try to actually learn something in the online training. Some people just run through it then don't know what they're doing. 

Make sure you're great at biting your tongue. That customer doesn't want that tomato? Fine. Just give them another slice. Some of the people that come in to subway are super picky, especially since the food is made right in front of them. These people will only be in your life for a couple minutes. 

If you work in a busy store, be ready to be moving all the time! Don't rest until everything is done. I'm a closer and I bust ass to make sure I have everything prepped, cleaned, and done at least an hour before close so I have time for any emergencies and to sit on my phone. 

Don't be afraid to ask other employees for help. We've all been there. Hell, for my first three weeks I was making flatbread subs inside out! If someone corrects you on something and you know they know what they're doing, correct it. I have a couple people at my store who regardless of correction will continue doing everything wrong. 

That's all I can think of right now. I love helping and training new employees. They're fun.  




 I just bought this online! I hope the blush and shadows work well. Those are the main reason spent $20 on stuff I kinda needed but could have gotten from another brand.  




 This is somewhat encouraging! I have some pretty non-stretchy ears, so my goal size is only 2g. However, my ideal goal size is 5/8". Unfortunately, my ears aren't stretchy, they're pretty thin, and I was pierced crooked with a gun. 

Since I'm currently stretching my seconds (problems with firsts), I might eventually consider getting my firsts re pierced with the intent to stretch and I might just get up to my true goal!  




 They're a store option, so you either have a store that has taken them off the menu or a store with employees that can't be bothered. I'm know I'm guilty of simply telling a customer were out of crusts if it's almost close and I have better things to do than make a flatizza, but the crust is literally baked flatbread. Any store can make it as long as they also carry meatballs (this means marinara sauce) and flatbread. Not all stores will have the register button though.  




 UW Madison is definitely a great school. Its competitive to get in, although not as competitive as Harvard. 

As for the campus, it's big and it's beautiful. I don't attend and haven't gone on an official tour, but I've been to the campus and it's great. 

The user above me has some great links you should definitely check out. Also check out the school's website! It will have everything you'll want to know about program quality and campus life.  




 Definitely MSU. I'm not a fan of the partying down in Arizona (cousin is a student there and it's all he does), and I'm a Midwest kid so Id miss my snow.  




 My coach starts you with your target on the second arrow. Where you stand is a pretty individual thing and something you can play around with. Some stand at 15, some stand at 20. 

Second arrow is the most common target I've seen, but you might find that it doesn't work for you. I found that I just couldn't use a target that far down the lane without wanting to loft the ball, so I use the third dot.   




 On the PSAT, you're penalized 1/4 of a point for a wrong answer and 1 point for a blank answer. I assume the SAT has similar scoring.  




 Pick up ACT for dummies! I'm taking a prep course at my high school in a couple weeks, and the book was one of the materials given for the class. We were also given a practice math packet. I think the book is around $20, but IIRC, it has some practice sections and it's thorough on explanations. 

For math, there are probably lots of practice questions laying around the Internet with explanations on how to solve. My precalc teacher gives out practice ACT questions every week, with difficulties ranging from scoring at 12 to scoring at 34.  




 Easiest way to tell if your thumb is swollen is how it fits your thumb. Your thumb should fit the hole well and be snug, but it shouldn't take any effort to put your thumb in and out of the ball. Make sure you do this test with a straight thumb. Try pushing your thumb nail against the ball when you're in the ball if you're not sure if it's straight. 

If you're struggling a bit to get out of the ball, your thumb might be swollen. There are a couple solutions I've found to work best. 

First solution is low effort and sketchy effectiveness. My thumb and fingers swell a lot after a couple games, so I keep my hand above my heart to lower the blood flow. I'm short so I can do this by resting my elbow on the score screen at the table and keeping my hand up. Tape is also your best friend. Vise hada patches in blue are my favorite. 

The second solution is a bit more pricey, but will be a bit easier in the long run. You could get interchangeable thumb slugs. Get one measured for when your thumb is fitting in your ball just fine and when it's swollen. I haven't seen these around too much where I bowl, but it's a pretty conventional place there.  




 You get what you pay for with balls. I've seen pyramid balls go as low as $30. IIRC, some have a plastic coverstock, which is the same as a house ball. Unless you want to research like hell and buy online (which won't save you much money because you'll be charged for drilling anyways unless you're on a league), talk to your proshop guy. They should set you up with something that's beginner level reactive and a good fit to your bowling style. Once you have a solid main ball, you can pick up a cheap plastic one as a spare ball. If anything, your proshop might have some used Storm laying around that you could get at a super low price since. 

I bought the cheapest shoes that had purple flames on them, so I'll let someone else advise you on show choices. The brand is Etonic. They're sold in my proshop, but they're not the best. Very entry level. 

Proshop guy is god around here when it comes to ball selection, and there's a reason for that. 
 




 Local B M has some jolly rancher flavored juice, but it's a more strawberry/watermelon flavor. 

Anybody know of a good recipe for cherry jolly rancher? Or at least some flavors that might work to make it?  




 Those are the only real chicken nuggets. Eating the whole bag in a day is the way to go.  




 Thanks. I expected it right from the first game and forward. We were also missing a varsity player and kept swapping out JV players to cover.

We've gone to state before, so next year will hopefully be another trip!  




 My team completely flopped out of going to state. 

Sectionals were at 8 am on an unfamiliar lane pattern. I blame that entirely. It was a long pattern with virtually no backend, so my ball was hooking as well as a house ball.  




 How exactly did you do the subway university classes before you were hired? You need your owner to register you as an employee and give you your login to complete it. 

As for the W2 thing, there has to be some type of legal thing against them withholding it. That's absolutely ridiculous.  




 No options for those of us that don't vape! 

My parents and friends vape and the devices are actually really interesting, so I stick around, but I don't even own my own setup.  




 In all honesty, everyone here freaks out way too much about acrylic. 

I agree COMPLETELY with acrylic being a huge nono is a fresh piercing/stretch. Wearing it for prolonged periods is also bad. 

If you wear acrylic plugs in a completely healthy and healed stretch for a few hours, your ears will not fall off. If you find that you have a reaction, then it's best to avoid it. 

No, acrylic is not the best jewelry and isn't safe to wear for a long time, but if your ears are completely healed and you pop some in for a few hours, you will likely be fine. 

Stretching is one of those hobbies you should only take up if you're willing to go for quality. Keep glass/stone/titanium/etc as your main jewelry. Glass is just as cheap as acrylic if you get it online, so price is hardly a factor when it comes to quality products. 

Paying an extra dollar or two for glass is surely easier than dealing with a reaction from extended acrylic wear.  




 I have a certain mechanical pencil that I only use on assessments. It's been with me for 4 years and is beaten to shit, but it's never let me down on functionality and i never worry about filling in the wrong bubble on accident. I can't even fathom filling a scantron sheet with a different pencil. 

It's probably more of a consistency thing than a good luck charm. My most effective good luck charm is doing homework to the fullest and occasionally glancing at the textbook. But all that's boring. So the pencil works.  




 Carmen lip conditioner. It's super light (almost like lip lotion) and absorbs right away! Great moisturizing ability without making your lips feel gooey/waxy. It also has a light mint/sugar taste.  




 Nope. Our owner doesn't want more than one closer.  




 I make $7.50 as a closer in Wisconsin. I'm 17, but I've been working at subway about a year now.  




 The stores in my area don't train on putting the code in or anything. We are just told to give the cookie and put the receipt in the receipt envelope. And in all honesty, I won't fight with a customer over a cookie.  




 Before doing something extreme, like a sarge Easter, there are little things you can do during your release that might help. I had some ring finger problems too, since I was relying on my ring finger to pull the hook. I ended up having a pretty constantly sore finger and tore open a blister on that finger. I worked on adjusting my release to using my middle finger as the main force in my hook and letting my ring finger just pop out. I already have a callous on my middle finger from writing, so it doesn't hurt at all. The joint pain also stopped since my middle finger is a bit stronger. 

Another solution would be to talk to your pro shop guy and have the pitch, span, and grips checked for a good fit. Your ring joint is likely a little shorter(?) than your middle joint, so one will be drilled closer to the thumb hole than the other. If your ring finger was drilled the same distance from your thumb as your middle finger, you might be straining your joint through the whole release. 

I hope I helped somewhat, albeit I did ramble a bit. I do feel your pain with ring finger problems. I was tempted to pick up a cheap ball off craigslist and have it sarge Easter drilled to see if that would fix all of my problems!  




 Some stores (mine included) have yet to actually start using points, or even training employees on them. They're not necessarily adding new rules, they just didn't know the full list to begin with. 

Also, the lowest point prize is 10 points gets you a cookie and you earn 1 point on every dollar spent. That's a $10 cookie. Doing the survey on your receipt (or even faking the code) costs a lot less.  




 You've been accepted into the itty bitty lobe committee! We have the most irritatingly small wearables and it makes jewelry purchasing a pain in the ass. 

If BAF is out, you're likely out of luck. You might be able to find something on eBay. I think silicone can be autoclaved, but I'm not a professional. You could also go on a piercing shop hunt and try to track someone down who still has kaos stock in that size. 

As for the tunnels, anatometal custom orders are pretty easy, albeit a bit pricey and lengthy depending on what you order. BAF has a great filter which includes wearable area IIRC so definitely put that to work! 

When I found out that kaos stopped the 1/4" wearable and BAF bought the stock, I blew $80 so that I would have earskins that fit. They actually pop out in my sleep if they're too long! They're not fashionable either.  




 I second this. A color code system with post it flags and an old fashioned piece of paper for elaboration. If you're going to do this, I find the actual plastic post it flags much easier to use than the paper post its. The paper ones stick to the pages a lot more and sometimes curl them.  




 Head to YouTube and look up ACDC Econ. Amazing videos on macro, micro, and regular Econ concepts. Definitely got me through my final!  




 At this point, it's what you want to take, then. Stats will still be there in college. It's okay to put it off to take a class you want to take. If you want to take international relations and think you'll enjoy it more than AP stats, go for it. If you would rather take stats now, look at the course catalogs for the college you're thinking of. Do they offer an international relations course?  




 Definitely screws on. The flares are just a bit too big to be double flare, and usually that style of plug screws on. 

The size? Looks like about 2g, give or take a size.  




