 I do not think all service members are qualified to handle pistols in every situation, so they would need to require additional certification. Our primary weapon is an M16 so most soldiers, unless they specifically are qualified on it, are not trained to use them.

So I should clarify that I would support this if the soldiers who chose to carry received the proper training/qualification.

 









 Right around the time most Redditors will be in their 80s and 90s, bionic organs will likely be coming out.... if you have the money to blow, you could probably fight old age for quite some time, and live a decent quality of life while doing so.

We will most definitely reach a point where if society does not collapse, wealth will literally buy you a 50% longer lifespan. 




 If you can somehow eek out 120 years of life by using wealth later in life to prolong your existence, you might survive long enough to when you will be able to transfer your consciousness and memory to a computer  or new cloned body and be effectively immortal for as long as the technology to keep you alive/store you exists. 




 http://www.futuretimeline.net/index.htm

 




 Reserves here. All the money for college appealed to me. The extra money per month bridges the gap between a Ford and Mercedes payment, letting me drive a nicer car than what my day job allows.

No regrets. Also just got $10,000 for re-enlisting.

 




 Army Reservist here....most of my unit, myself included, has dad bods, at least 20% of us are probably obese. Maybe 10% of us have six packs and none of those individuals are over 30. 




 I'm not talking about arming the militia, I'm talking about arming US soldiers with LEOSA (google it, or click the link in my post above).

It would not in any way make us law enforcement or have any police powers, but it would give us the same firearm carrying rights as law enforcement have off duty when in other states and pistol free zones. 




 I haven't seen one yet because I haven't been to my car, it is literally sitting idle for two weeks. I'm wondering what the odds of one wandering in are when many of the buildings in this complex have them. I am in the midwest though so it's not like Florida where they're flying everywhere and shit, but this place has the really big ones...i.e. same breed as Florida/the south. 




 So I am staying at this filthy as fuck compound for 2 weeks for Army duty. There are cockroaches in all the buildings, there are also tunnels and steam vents and sewers all over. There is a bunch of junk out here as well. I imagine this is why the area has roaches. It is the midwest though so it isn't like the south, however the roaches I have seen are extremely large and I believe they are American Roaches... which are the same type of Roach the South calls "Palmetto Bugs"

If the car is parked and locked, and none of them hitchhike on me or my stuff, what are the odds one would find it's way inside while the car is parked on a lot surrounded by these infested buildings?

I would say the car is probably 40 feet from the nearest building (that is newer so probably not that infested) and a few hundred feet from the more deeply infested buildings, however pretty much every building on the compound has them so I would imagine they must roam outside at night. 




 I am in the midwest right now and pretty much every building on this compound has big (2 - 3 inch long) American roaches in them. I have found probably half a dozen dead ones without really looking and people have seen a few live ones. There are tunnels and steam vents all over this compound as well.

Unfortunately my car is parked here for two weeks. Assuming I do not transport one into the car via luggage or my clothing, how likely is it for one to find it's way inside my car in a 2 weeks span by crawling into it while it is parked and locked? If it matters, the car is brand new so I would think all the weather stripping is still good. I have not seen any outside but I was told that a few were entering one of the buildings from a door that had a pile of rotting leaves outside of it, and there are many exposed tunnels and sewers around, so I would not be surprised if they venture outdoors. There is also a salvage yard nearby, so there is plenty of outdoor junk for them to infest.

My car is on a gravel lot bordering grass, approximately 40 feet from a building (which is newer so may not have as many, if any at all) and a few hundred feet from the more heavily infested buildings (which form a ring around the lots/grass) and maybe 100 to 150 feet from the nearest steam vent exhaust that sticks out of the ground.

Also, it is very hot here lately and the car has been reaching temperatures of over 120 degrees daily, and settling at about 80 at night on the inside (I have a thermometer in the car that keeps track of highs and lows while it is off). It is a black car with tinted windows. If one did manage to wander inside, would it (or it's eggs) likely be killed by that heat?

I am super paranoid about taking one home with me.

Thanks! 




 Someone called the guy in the main picture the "Muffintop Militia". That's kind of funny and all, and I'd expect that comment on Reddit, but as a service member myself I appreciate what they are doing and think it's pretty shitty people are making fun of them.

They aren't really providing protection but they are sending an important message, that we are sitting ducks and should be allowed to carry side arms in uniform wherever we go.

Arming us stateside does NOT make us law enforcement and does NOT violate possee comitatus. It would strictly be a self defense measure and we would carry concealed as many of us already do in and out of uniform in areas where concealed pistols are allowed.

I would like to see some type of exemption for soldiers [similar to police officers](http://le.nra.org/leosa.aspx), where they are exempt from pistol free zones. We have been proven to be a target both on and off duty, and should have the right to defend ourselves anywhere we travel on uniform. 









 US Army here. We drove a bunch of Humvees Through Detroit in a convoy to avoid freeway traffic and the sidewalks started cheering. Not sure if they thought we were the national guard finally called in to take their 6 day old unanswered B E report or if they just liked the military. 

Either way we were just passing through. 




 This was my strategy playing the AI on the hardest setting and (wirh the liberty of reversing a few turns) I got us down to just kings and 1 pawn on his side. Thats as far as I've ever gotten on the hardest difficulty even with turn reversing. 




 I guess I'm assuming he blunders by offering a trade thinking you won't go for it (because maybe you end up losing a pawn and your queen to take out his queen, etc) or maybe he just screws up.

So assuming he did not intend to trade, you should still let him have his queen? I assume he will eventual relieve me of mine and it's better to take out his while I have the chance. 




 It seems like it's always wise to do this when your opponent is more skilled as they can always do more harm with a complex piece than you can.

For example a computer could predict dozens of turns out using the queen but you may only be able to predict out a few. Therefore the queen is more valuable to them than it is you and a mutual sacrifice gives you a competitive advantage. 

Am I right? 




 Not even so much that their accustomed to it, just that a chess AI program that can see 30 turns out can take far more advantage of a versatile piece like the queen than you can, where as The simpler pieces like a pawn are so basic that your ability to predict the cause and effect of them is probably on par with the computers.

When it comes to a game against a human opponent, it's more to do with fucking up any unseen combos they might have planned. This works in magic the gathering, chess, civ, etc.

Thr smartest man realizes they know nothing at all and plans accordingly.  




 It's also good advice when playing against a human opponent you know is more intelligent. If you are less skilled at a game of strategy than your opponent, reduce the playing field to as simple pieces as possible if you can do so symmetrically.

For example in Chess it's always worth it to lose your rook, queen etc if you can take the same piece on a smarter opponents side. If the board becomes just pawns and kings a lot of their strategy becomes useless. 














 Armed =/= law enforcement.

Arming the military on US soil does not make them law enforcement and does not break possee comitatus. 




 Yes I'm a hardcore determinist 




 Intelligence is just intelligence. 




 How long would it take to reach them? 




 So this is where forever alone came from  




