 We know.  Only Bernie is good enough.  Too bad the majority of democrats don't believe that.  




 It seems that she has learned from 2008 and embraced the fact that she is a woman.  Side note...Obama chief pollster Joel Benenson is on team Hillary and he is also a chief strategist.   









 My point is every election cycle you have candidates who are "those type" of candidates.  Ross Perot in 92, Pat Buchanan 92, Goldwater 64, Trump 2016 etc etc.  Presidential elections are won by "politicians" plain and simple.   




 You know who is garnering the same "level of enthusiastic support" like that?  Donald Trump.   




 "And I get paid a lot for what I do."  Compensate much? 




 You hit the nail on the head.  "All heartstrings and no substance" 




 *sarcasm 




 As a Hillary supporter, I respect that.   














 I know.  I'm just so confused on who is actually taking him seriously... 
























 He has a 21% chance of getting the nomination.   




 Look at the scoreboard... 




 Yes, because Bernie Sanders hovering at 21% in the latest democratic poll is enough to win the presidency.  In order to win the democratic nomination, you have to win minority votes and people who make less than $100,000 a year.  In the latest NBC News poll, Sanders is garnering most of his support from people making $100,000 a year or more.  85% of African Americans and 80% of Latinos are supporting Hillary Clinton.  More Latinos are supporting Vice President Joe Biden for "President" than Bernie Sanders and he isn't even running.  

Get a clue buddy.   




 Let me guess...Bernie Sanders is God to you?  He is a "politician" like all other politicians.  Any "smart" person can see that.   




 Let me guess...Bernie Sanders will get it done because he's not a "politician" blah blah blah 









 Whats worse is that he is a white person from Vermont.  95% of the population in Vermont is white.  95%.  I'm not saying that other candidates are better.  The difference is that candidates like Hillary Clinton are reaching out to minority voters (like African Americans, Latinos, Asian Americans, LGBT) in the democratic base.  The fact that Bernie Sanders took a long time to actually address minority issues is troubling to me.  

If you want to be elected president, you have to appeal to minority voters.  Plain and Simple. 









 I agree 









 The other problem that Sanders has is he is getting no support from minorities (African Americans and Latinos).  As a Latino, I find it difficult that Sanders didnt say the word "Latino" until 4 weeks after he announced he was running.  I mean come on, if you are going to run for president as a "democrat" you should know who "democrats" actually are.   




 I agree.  Bernie Sanders is no Barack Obama.   



















 I'm not for or against it but I'm Seattle or Vegas (where I am), $15 won't do any harm but I'm not sure about everywhere.   




 I'm a democrat but $15 a day in a small town in Nevada or Iowa or South Carolina.  I mean come on.  What small business can afford that?  



















 Trump says that Mexicans are rapists and drug dealers and nobody bats an eye (except the woman).  Sad.   




 Say what you want but shes garnering 85% African American and 80% Latino support in the race for the democratic nomination (according to the latest NBC News poll).   




 Just joking.  Just Joking.   




 Translation...his supporters are annoying.  



















 Keep telling yourself that.   




 Yes.  Bernie is our savior (sarcasm).  Too bad he's not doing well in non-white states.  He will do great in Iowa and New Hampshire (both with white majority in the electorate) even though he will lose both.  Once Nevada and South Carolina come along it won't matter.    




 Here we go.  Next you will mention the 9/11 conspiracies.    




 So why aren't more Latinos and African Americans supporting sanders????    




 Sanders is talking about one issue.  Just one.  Forget about immigration, forget about racial inequality, forget about gun control etc etc.  He does love talking about income inequality in the white community.  White issues are good (screw all the other colors in the USA).  

He will do great in Iowa (predominately white) and New Hampshire (white).  Good luck in South Carolina and Nevada Bernie (both not so white).  




 True dat  




 Talk about another republican and they respond.  Talk about a group of millions of Latino Americans (Mexican rapist and drug dealers) and the republicans don't say shit.  Go figure.  And they wonder why they keep losing presidential elections.  




 My thoughts exactly.  Where is the outrage on the republican side????   




 I think it's "Bill and Her" but not sure.  




 Fortunately for the democrats she is on a ship.  Sanders, O'Malley and the other two are on boats.   




 I love them both but they would never win.   




 I agree with you on that.  I dont think he is a professional moderator though so it seemed like he didnt know what the hell to do either. 
 




 I have to agree with this 









 She hasnt said anything specifically but she has addressed the issue.  She is the only candidate to do so.  Not one other candidate has done this.  Switching gears...the same goes for immigration.  She is talking about immigration and has said that "dreamers" need full citizenship NOW.  Why has it taken Bernie Sanders and O'Malley so long to address the issue.  I understand that economic inequality is an important issue but it isn't the only issue in America.  And again, thats why Hillary is garnering 78% of the Latino vote in the democratic primary and 76% of Latino support in the general election (according to the latest NBC News poll).   




 So I guess she's a puppet for saying and doing the right thing.  She's gonna win the presidency you know.  The numbers are on her side.   




 Hillary has addressed the "Black Lives Matter" movement and she agrees with them.  She has addressed the incarceration rates of black men and women in the prison system and believes it needs to be addressed.  She has talked about the issue and has made speeches on the issue.  Sanders and O'Malley don't seem to care about it at all.  Attack Hillary all you want but she has the support of 80% of the African American vote (according to the latest NBC News poll).   




 thats the weirdest place for a tv 




 It just seems like on numerous occasions white lives clearly matter more than black lives.  That's the point.  I'm not black (Latino here) but I understand the point they are trying to make.   














 They do have a point though.   




 A fucking MEN.  well said.   




 I guess he's untouchable.  Hmm  














 he hardly touched his food... 




 Wow.  I'm shocked that this is basically a positive Hillary Clinton post on reddit.  Bravo reddit.  Bravo. B 




 Not one Hardee's in Vegas.  Wtf.  




 They shot this film issuing only natural light.  Looks amazing.  




 Nice try op.  You read buzzfeed and pawn this guys thought off as ur own. https://twitter.com/DaddyBlackery/status/579220055617114112?s=17 














 I'm a moderate democrat who is going to vote for Hillary but this worries me.   














 You do know that isn't the only definition for "mouthpiece" right?  Read a book Appalachia...  




 I don't think that nominating Sanders as her VP (and another point, it's premature to say she will win the nomination but she probably will) wouldn't help the ticket.  A senator who is older than her and from Vermont?  She needs someone like Senator Tim Kaine from Virginia or someone like Julian Castro (HUD secretary) as her running mate.  Even someone like Sen Cory Booker from NJ would be great.   









 This is the best comment I've ever read on reddit.   




 I'm sorry but Bernie Sanders is a one issue candidate.  I'm not saying that that issue is not important but come on...mention something other than breaking up big banks.  

 




 That is one huge reason I'm not backing Bernie.  It took him weeks before he actually said the word "Latino." That's why he's getting demolished with the African American and Latino vote.  

A recent poll showed most of his supporters make over $100,000 a year and another demographic that is trendy towards him is the 18-29 demo.   




 I understand what you mean.  In Nevada, the huge union endorsed Obama over Hillary in this state but Hillary ended up winning the state and winning the Latino vote in this state by huge margins...70% of those union members are Latino...so i understand what you mean.   




 ok 




 Yet may be the key word...or it could never threaten her.  That is why politics is so fun.   




 i agree completely.  I think this debate is great for whoever the democratic nominee will be (even though i think it will be Hillary).   




 I agree.  She won't even mention Sanders by name until she has too and it doesn't seem like that'll be anytime soon.   




 That would be besides the point.   The state you live in isn't a swing state.  Whoever the democratic nominee is, a state like yours will vote for them.  Plain and simple.  In a state like mine (Nevada) Clinton is doing really well.  Latinos play a big part of that.  We are a diverse state and Hillary does well in diverse states.  Nevada is a swing state. Massachusetts is not.   




 The latest Economist/YouGov poll.  




 I live in Vegas and the organization that Hillary has on the ground here is mind blowing.  I've never seen anything like it before.  They have a huge paid staff and even more mind blowing is that they have a huge amount of volunteers here in Nevada.  

The Latino vote will be key here in Nevada and in a lot of states and the fact that Donald trump is now the mouthpiece of the Republican Party is great news for Hillary.  

 




 This is the best thing that could happen to the democrats.  




 Say what you want but do u know where most of Bernies support comes from?  Do you actually know?   Every single poll that has come out shows that most of his support is from white men who make $100,000 or more a year.  He also has big support for people 18-29 years old.  I don't think I have to tell you that that group historically doesn't vote like other age groups.  
 









 One name...Howard Dean.   









 I won't disagree with that at all but her negatives are just as big as everyone else's on the republican side including Jeb.  




 I'm a Hillary supporter.  Get that out of the way.  Bernie Sanders has a good shot at Iowa and New Hampshire but as soon as he gets to Nevada and South Carolina, he might be done.

Iowa and New Hampshire are both predominately all white with little minorities in the electorate.  









 Leave Ellen Degeneres alone   









 I'm not sure what to make of this.  









 This is presidential politics.  This kind of stuff is gonna happen.  Ask Hillary.  Lol.  




 It's a great piece on Bernie.  If Bernie didn't want this out maybe he shouldn't have run for President.  This isn't that big of a deal anyway.  









 Amen.  Hillary supporter here.  I won't attack Bernie.   




 He may not be attacking Hillary but his supporters sure are.  I'm a Hillary supporter but I won't attack Bernie Sanders.  Some of his supporters should follow his lead.  




 Ok.  I get it.  




 Done!  




 Why would this be NSFW?  




 Tell ur gf to show us her tits.   




 Obviously Vince Foster is fucking Hillary  




 Amen.  And they couldn't find a better pic?   




 How do u think the girl ended up in the wheelchair? 




 Star Magazine???  Really?   




 I wish he would stick to campaigning in Iowa New Hampshire Nevada and South Carolina.   Winning the democratic nomination is about winning delegates.  He needs to campaign in the first four states as much as he can if he is going to have any type of prayer against Hillary.   




 As a Latino, the fact that Bernie Sanders took a few weeks to even mention the word "Latino" in one of his speeches is a problem for me.  I get it.  I get that he wants to remove "money" from the political process but running on one issue can only get you so far.  I feel that Bernie Sanders is running on one issue.  Am I wrong about that?   

Hillary Clinton came out and said from the launch of her campaign that she would do even more to stop deportations and would protect the rights of undocumented immigrants.  If you look at the two candidates, they are basically running on the same platform (obviously a few differences but not too much).   




 The truth of the matter is this.  Big money, at least for now, is here to stay in elections.  The Citizens United ruling by SCOTUS screwed up the political system even more. That being said, no matter who you are, a candidate has to raise an obscene amount of money to win an election.  Just ask Prez Obama about that. Hillary Clinton is doing exactly what she has to do to get elected whether anyone likes it or not (when it comes to raising money). 

As a political science major (I'm no expert by any means), even I can see that the "email" story has actually helped Hillary Clinton in my opinion.  Most of these polls that are coming out (today w cnn or last weeks with the nbc poll) show that her "trustworthiness" has taken a hit.  I can even see that.  BUT, it has also showed that most people in the Democratic Party (and even in the general election matchup) shows that Hillary Clinton biggest asset is her being able to take a punch ie strong leader/fighter.  The email story shows a pile on effect with the media going after Hillary Clinton.  My mom, who doesn't follow politics as closely as I do, said it best "all these media people are obsessing over her emails.  It shows you once again Hillary Clinton can take a beating and keep on ticking" 

The fact that Hillary Clinton has become extremely wealthy I'm the past few years means shit to me.  If her policies and ideas can help the middle class families that need it the most, I'm fine with her huge wealth.  But until Citizens United is overruled, every person running for president (even Bernie sanders if he wins the nom) will have to raise an obscene amount of money to win the presidency.   




 In all honesty, when I was 11 my mom and dad volunteered for the Clinton Campaign in 1991 in my home state of Texas.  My father and mother were hardcore Clinton fans and after he was elected, my family benefited from a booming economy just like everyone else.  

I know Hillary isn't Bill.  You asked why Hillary over Barack?   The fact that she had more experience than he did in 2008 helped a lot.  If you remember, the only difference between Hillary and Barack we're was the vote and stance on Iraq.  I think the same goes for Bernie sanders.  If you look at what they stand for, it truly isn't that different.  I agree with everything Hillary stands for.  I don't consider myself a staunch liberal but more of a moderate.  I don't necessarily believe in everything Bernie stands for.  I think he is just liberal to get elected.  

Now I do agree that having Bernie in the race will pull Hillary to the left a bit and I think that's ok but I just hope not too much.  It mays seem like I'm rambling but I have donated to the Hillary for America campaign and I have already volunteered too.  I live in Nevada.  A truly swing state that has voted for a democratic president the last two times and I will do everything in my power to help her win this state in 2016.   




 I'm voting for Hillary because I've been a supporter since 2007.  I voted for her over Obama.  I agree with what she believes in. As a Latino I love her immigration stance and as a Nevadan, I'm already a volunteer here.   




 Go Bernie!   Surge away.  I'm voting for Hillary but won't attack Bernie (a few Bernie supporters love attacking Hillary on here).   









 I just think that voting against the Brady Bill and voting against a bill to prohibit civil liability actions from being brought or continued against manufacturers which in essence prohibits individuals from filing a qualified civil liability action lawsuit (which takes the rights away from citizens going after gun companies in court) is "substance"

http://www.politico.com/story/2015/06/bernie-sanders-awkward-history-with-guns-in-america-119185.html 




