 *You won't believe what this app did for me! [Click here](http://#) to find out now!* 




 I guess you could have said he was... barred from entry.  




 Yeah I'm trying to imagine what it must have looked like.  




 Well, this is the country which owned practically half the world but decided to let them have independence.  














 She's my wife.  




 Um... pass.  




 It's more of a guideline though. amirite? 




 By the hacker named 4chan? 




 You don't.  









 I'm a summoner and I object to your association of my kind with nerds.  




 Copyright laws would be ineffectual.  









 How many children do you really have? 









 Sorry? 




 Yes. I now have the ability to bend awesomeness out of movies.  




 Jalopnik editor takes notice of his plight and is on the case: http://www.reddit.com/r/teslamotors/comments/3e0fa9/saleen_is_trying_to_get_an_injunction_against_me/ctaxlga 




 Ya 









 Is there a way to find all warrants/options with expiry dates of 5 years? Thanks very much in advance. 




 Is there a way to find all warrants/options with expiry dates of 5 years? Thanks very much in advance. 




 Is there a way to find all warrants/options with expiry dates of 5 years? Thanks very much in advance. 




 "Shit." 

\- all wars. 














 just message the moderators. They'll be more than happy to help you remove it. Same principle as companies complaining to host sites about pirated software. 









 [When he returned to base](http://www.livememe.com/ccrlkkh) 












































 isn't that dirty? 




 you're saying this from what source..? 
























 I am currently working at a fund. 




 That's great! Do you think freezing fresh veges would have the same benefits as buying frozen bags?  









 haha alright thanks! 









 get a gigantic mirror. cheap, easy to maintain, makes the room bigger. I was in a tiny toilet yesterday which couldn't have been 6' x 6', but there was a ceiling to waist-height mirror which made the room look dramatically more spacious. 




 I see, so what if I don't vary the veggies? Say I only stick to carrot, peas and corn because they're affordable.  




 I believe that I'll be expected to lead a small team of junior analysts, and teach them the ropes. Will be reporting directly to the head and other fund managers. I'm quite confident in my analytical abilities with regards to value investing, but just thought about prepping for any interview questions which might catch me off guard. 

Fund managers of value investing firms, what would you ask?

(firm is more of a long-term good business Buffett type, not net-net or event-driven type) 




 It's more for the convenience than anything; I find I cook at irregular intervals and as such when I do cook, it's easier to just boil a bag of frozen veges that will never spoil than to prep veges that spoil within a week. I heard that frozen vegetables retain the same amount of nutrients as fresh. Is this sustainably healthy? 
























 A show about kn0thing? 









 duh. CFA. no question. 




  Here's a great answer by /u/holdoffhathcock:  https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/3djsya/soldiers_of_reddit_what_is_something_you_wish_you/ct68lra?context=3

You have to memorize a truly, truly exhausting amount of information and be able to make calculations on the fly. You'll probably carry a calculator wherever you go as well as a little notebook full of tables. Some guys glue their notes to the stock of their rifle.

Look at the problem of putting a bullet on target at 300-400 meters, which is a little bit longer than a city block. At that distance, it's more or less point of aim point of impact, which means you don't have to do any adjusting, just point and shoot, pow. Past 500 meters, things start getting fun, and past 800 is basically magic. At that range, you're not pointing your rifle at the target. At that range, you're aiming at the air above it and somewhat off to the side. A bullet doesn't arc up and down like a basketball.

Gravity pulls down on the projectile as soon as it leaves the barrel. Air resistance pushes against the projectile, slowing it and sloughing it off to the side. The density of the air does the same thing, and makes the curve more lopsided and steep. How high above sea level you are has a huge effect on the path of the bullet, at higher altitudes, the projectile will travel farther and faster. Humidity has to be accounted for, for the same reason. Temperature, not only the ambient temperature but the temperature of the propellant in the ammunition you're loading. A bullet that has been warmed in the sun is going to hit about 20 inches higher at 1000 meters than a cold bullet. The rifling spins the projectile, at a 12 inch twist it will make a full rotation once for every 12 inches of travel. This means at 1000 meters it's going to spin about 3600 times, and the spin makes it drift to the side, sort of like a curveball if you like baseball comparisons. Are you aiming uphill or downhill? Aiming downhill you'd probably guess you need to aim a little lower, and you'd be right. But you also aim low while firing up-grade.

That's all math, that can be accounted for and adjusted for pretty simply with practice. It's wind. Wind is the motherfucker. A soft breeze will push you way off target when you're shooting out past 500 meters. But, when the projectile travels past 500 meters, the air it travels through isn't going to be the same that whole way down range. Think about the way a bird floats on swirls of hot air, and imagine trying to make a bullet travel a straight line through a whole series of those. Maybe where you're standing the wind is 3.5mph traveling north. Well, 300 meters out the wind is pushing in the opposite direction. 500 meters out it's blowing harder. 800 meters out there's dead air, and at 1200 meters there's a draft off the side of a tall building. There's no way to account for that, so you learn to scan your environment and make educated guesses. Watching the way dust and trash blows down the street, and watching the way laundry flutters while it dries on a balcony. Watching the direction grass and trees are bent in the breeze. You have to visualize this bizarre corkscrew of wind patterns that you want to shoot through.

You're still not done! Have you fired your rifle recently? Because a clean cold bore shot will come out slightly different than a warm shot, after the inside of the barrel gets coated with copper from the path of the bullet. You're constantly zeroing your weapon, finding out how it digests different loads of ammunition at different temperatures. And again, the temperature of the bullet is going to affect the path.

So we'll take a shot at 1250 meters. Pretend we're using an M24 with M118LR cartridges that came from a cool, dry place. You know your zero, you crank the bullet-drop compensator as high as it will go, to 1000 meters, calculate the ballistic correction for the extra 250 meters, which is probably going to be another good 9 feet, so you'll hold off using the dots on your reticle, which means you're aiming with the little dots below the crosshair instead of dead center. Slightly off to the side to compensate for the spin you know is happening, and what you guess is sort of going to happen when the wind throws it off balance. You're ready, you pull the trigger.

In the space between pulling the trigger and the propellant igniting, which is 22/1000th of a second, the average walking pace puts a person an inch away from where they were when you fired. If they're running, they move about two inches. For simplicity's sake, let's pretend your target isn't moving. 1250 meters is far enough for a bullet to float above the ground for several seconds, which means the earth rotates underneath the projectile and causes it to hit off-center even more than if it weren't beaten by wind, cutting through the air, fighting humidity, and everything else.

After all that, it's going to be an absolute miracle if you hit your target on the first shot. You're probably going to miss. Luckily, you have a spotter who can watch the path of the projectile and tell you exactly what adjustment to make before firing again. You're almost always going to fire two or three times at extreme distances before you actually hit what you're aiming at.
But "sometimes one shot, sometimes one kill" doesn't look as cool on a t-shirt. 





























 *ahem* **The** Victor. 









 You don't burn your hand on the stove. 



























































 It doesn't really have to. With that much platinum available it would become feasible to develop fuel-cell batteries for electric vehicles. What I'd do is partner with a bunch of car companies in an equity-for-materials exchange (e.g. Tesla) where I became the supplier of the platinum and they give me stock instead of cash. Refuse to partner with anyone who doesn't give you favorable outcomes, while leaving enough on the table for friendlies to profit. With the cash you'd encourage R D into fuel-cell technology with the goal of putting a fuel-cell vehicle in 20% of American homes by Year 10. 

Keep in mind you already have the reputation of being the first company to harvest materials from a gigantic space asteroid, that's guaranteed to give you brand equity. Pump a few stories each year in the media on fuel-cell battery progress, get the first electric vehicles rolling off the assembly line in 5 years. Pretty sure all the stock in companies you exchanged your asteroid for will skyrocket. Continue development into heavy vehicles, promote a CO2 free future agenda, and continue expanding on your 20% monopoly. You'll probably be a trillion dollar company in 30 years. 

As far as how a government could profit, you'd do the same except that your target would be a net 1% increase in GDP instead of stock ownership in car companies. 




 Started out as a baby. Now I'm 6 feet tall. 









 It is in every conceivable way. With small businesses you're starting from the bottom up with an arbitrary goal, without any meaningful way to quantize what you set out to achieve. You're basically running on hope. With a big business, or at least an SME in a dominant local position, you can say with reasonable certainty that we'll make X dollars on Y date. With a small business you're at the mercy of the business gods, e.g. big retailer moving in and draining demand, economic crisis sapping the pockets of your would-be customers, fire started two blocks down blocking the street, bad publicity from unrelated event halfway around the world, Paypal blocking your account for 90 days, etc. Ever heard stories of Greek mortals trying to defeat the gods of Mount Olympus? It's not an inaccurate representation. With business, it's more about luck and persistence than it is about actual finance.

You hear a lot about the heroes who survived; you never hear about those who died in vain. Dead men tell no tales. 









 zeroth world problem 














 Watch this video: http://youtu.be/GqA42M4RtxE 




 actually, Kidney.org would be the kidney. 




 Is that the part responsible for the seizure? 




 Believe in yourself.  




 Hey! I use WebMD too! 




 Reddit would be Alzheimer's  









 No it's kickasstorrents.com, which asks you to download an .exe file to "access" torrents.  




 Not the best time, bot.  














 "Sir, you need a big cart." 




 It's set in Vietnam.  




 But did he see why kids loved it? 




 You need to take advantage of economies of scale and buy them in bulk.  




 The Outsider CEOs

Its Earnings That Count  









 I'm a longtime Apple shareholder. Apple's only major asset right now is the iPhone and associated assets like brand. iPad/Mac doesn't really have room to grow. Apple Pay isn't going to kill anyone anytime soon, and its contribution to bottom line for the medium term is negligible. Apple Watch isn't going to be the next paradigm. I say this with the authority of someone with a decade of tech experience.

At this point you can kinda expect growth to be powered exclusively by the iPhone and buy backs. I'm giving it about 9% EPS growth going forward. Unless there's a new development I'd say the 17x P/E is a pretty accurate valuation. 

Google on the other hand is killing it, with sustainable 15-20% EPS growth going forward. They're pretty much like Visa or MasterCard in the FCF department. They also rely on only one thing to power earnings, but Search is such a huge moat I don't worry about it. The only problem is the high P/E of 28. That puts it pretty much on par with AAPL as an investment.  




 ...about what? 




 Why are you still here?? 




 Gesundheit  




 In what way is this passive aggressive? I'd honestly think I just met a friend.  




 you're* 




 Good post.  




 In my house we just apply toothpaste.  




 You do realize people just tolerate you? 




 Don't let your dreams be dreams 




 Unless people don't actually do that. 




 You finished the storyline, game assets, game mechanics and music score for an 80 hour game in 2 years?

Do you even work bro? 




 Any tips for a non US Big 4 audit to get into the US? 




 [](/stonerdog) 




 No he's mysterious.  




 I didn't know what hungry meant until I saw this.   




 Was it listed under endangered species? 




 No. 




 It's literally a pound of melted sugar. What did you expect? 




 It's better if you don't know.  




 You mean like a barbecue? 




 No, the problem is that these sites have computers programmed with click bait titles to garner the highest ad revenue. Guess which headlines get the most attention.  




 He's understandably upset. He's a pigeon. 









 You're just dense. Not sure which is worse.  




 I got a tiny house for you.  




 Saudi has a decade worth of positive current balance. And they're extremely aggressively trying to move away from oil into tourism. The only thing that would destroy them is ISIS.  




 Maybe Mark Zuckerberg is cheating on his wife with your girlfriend.  




 Nobody cares coz you're rich.  









 That's not how it works 














 Aw no problem. Remember, the world doesn't revolve around us. A pessimist would say that means the world is uncaring. An optimist would say that our problems aren't really that big in the grand scheme of things. Take life slowly one step at a time if big steps are too much! 




 [[Request] Neural pathways forming in her brain as she watches the train](http://i.imgur.com/hlrvyFg.gifv) 







































 Suddenly ALL the guys on the rig want a piece of the stuff and he's running a petroleum jelly-stock exchange. He's all smiles making $5 a day (!) and his kids finally get to go to school again! 




 I see, thanks a lot! This was exactly the kind of answer I was looking for. 




 I guess I mean bourses? like BATS, but listed? 




 That's a scientist not an accountant. Traitor! 




 Found one which looks pretty attractive  









 OK thanks for the correction. I guess what I meant was how does one analyze exchanges? 




 It's fine, I find that passionate people make better investors than professionals. Yeah I'm doing that now, just want to get some feedback from others who have done the same. At this point profits seem to mainly depend on: i) volume/activity, and ii) tracking the stock market in general. So when it's up it's up, and when it's down it's down. It can't be as simple as that, so I wanted to ask if there is anything I might be missing. 




 Magikarp used Flail! Mewtwo fainted! 














 I'm thinking the main one is frequency of activity. Anyone else researched exchanges? 









 Remember to time it just as the F-16 passes. 




 There's actually a good reason for this. The medical logistics system is extremely fractured and messed up. It may seem like there's one cohesive system with programs like Medicaid in place, but it's more of an umbrella of a thousand little fiefdoms (hospitals) than a single kingdom (government). Each of these hospitals closely guard their costs so that they can remain competitive, while suppliers individually negotiate with each hospital to secure the best prices. It's a cutthroat world in medicine; if your prices were known publicly while others kept theirs secret, you would quickly go out of business as suppliers and customers picked and chose. 

As a result, literally nobody, not even the government, can pinpoint the actual average market price for a particular strain of medicine. That's why you get very different prices for the same medicine between different states; you can even see huge spreads between hospitals in the same state. Add to this the fact that medical aid isn't exactly a price elastic market - if I break an arm, I'm not going to go to a hospital in the next city just because it's cheaper there. 

Since the insurance companies don't know the average prices, they have to model their risks based on the price quoted by the highest hospital. As a result, insurance becomes very expensive; so the hospitals adapt to the insurance environment by billing the maximum amount possible. Billing the actual costs isn't feasible if they are to recoup what they pay for insurance; and it isn't feasible for insurance companies to provide coverage at the level mandated by governments by modelling risks on median costs. This creates a vicious cycle where hospital bills and insurance prices become grossly inflated, but nobody wins. Add to this the fact that provision of medical aid is mandatorily and vigorously encouraged by the government, and you have very little incentive for the market to withdraw to a lower price level. 

tl;dr: it's not a problem with any particular individual; it's just the way the system is. The only way to correct prices is to publicly publish prices in all hospitals; good luck with that.  












































