 Oh im not doing it any justice either.  I really loved this book.  Finished it the same day I bought it. 




 Not so far in the future.  The world is having an energy and over population problem.  A man (think of him like Steve jobs) create a virtual world where people can work, all schooling is free and of course play games and go on quests.  The man dies.  And instead of leaving a will he leaves a quest.  Solve all three riddles.  find all three keys and you get all of his like 240 billion dollars and control of the virtual world.  MC fights an evil corporation and there's a pretty girl.     




 I'll check it out.  And no way! I literally just got back from the library with that book.  I also picked up Dust by Hugh Howey and the shell collector.  I'm a little hesitant to start Golden Son though. 




 I've read that one too.  I loved it as well.  Some of the science portions were kinda dry but all together I thought it was a fun book.  

Another book that I really got into was RPO by Ernest clein.  Wasn't the best written book I've ever read but damn was it exciting. 




 Holy crap was it good! I finished it almost a day and my mind is a million miles away right now.  My question to ya'll is: what book sucked you in the most? 




 Well big AL says his is deactivated.  He also says dogs can't look up so you never know with him. 




 Put grape in the palm of your hand

Make a fist

Beat adversary until he doesn't move.  

And that's how you kill someone with a grape. 




 Tengen Toppa Gurren laggan. 




 Knights of sidonia  




 I would like to see a continuation of Hunterxhunter.  Gon and his father kicking alien ass or whatever. 




 I've read Red rising by Pierce Brown, Rant by Chuck Palahniuk and I just started Go Set A Watchman. 




 Horrible people like him win all the time in politics.  It's not that big of an if. 




 They should do a WW1 game. 




 Haha pathetic mongrels, took you guys this long to figure that out? 




 I'd watch amagi brilliant park just for sento. 




 Sword art online

Kill la kill

The devil is a part time

Knights of sidonia  




 satsuki kiryuin

I'm gonna be alright. 




 I've always been curious; why was is appealed in the first place? 




 Where does the iron giant come from?  




 Ya, he's saved her twice already.   




 Best girl Crimson hawk moth! 




 I will. 




 I don't doubt but holy shit dude.  That was a great finale. 




 THERE HAS TO BE A SEASON 3! 




 That blows.  Ya man I'd just cut off the handle, grind down the back half of blade into a hilt and make a neck knife. 




 How did that happen? 




 Big balls is a pretty kick as song as well. 




 That song gets me jacked up! 




 If you want blood (you got it)- AC/DC 




 Like when you're eating a plate of ribs or a big juicy steak. 




 I picked up lullaby at the library for a dollar, I was gonna start that this weekend. 




 Time is money.  money is power.  power is pizza 




 I'm sorry but what is with the obsession over this asshole? He changed the world with apple and the ipod.  Okay, can we move on? 




 Reading and hooking up with other people. 




 Cullen Bohannon.  God damn that man is badass. 




 I haven't read any of the progressive novels yet.  I'm caught up on the original LN'S but I wanna start reading them. 




 Nice! 




 Is he brings on Amy Mcdonald and that German racer chick I'd watch the show.  I think it would be pretty good. 




 How'd ya get it if you don't mind me asking? 




 I miss this show.   




 That's why you don't buy fish from a gas station. 




 That episode in scrubs where all of Dr.Cox's patients died of rabies. 




 Right now I've been listening to 'Don't wanna fight' - Alabama Shakes.  I love that song. 




 I know it is.  I've seen the show.  It just looks remarkably similar. 




 Isn't that the musket from amagi brilliant park? I'm watching it right now and it's very similar. 




 Fuck man I can't handle that right now.  It's just too much. 




