 Did you ever ride RAGBRAI? Where in iowa are you from? When were you last back?  




 Have you seen everything a deer as ever done? Have you seen them poop on their children? I'm sure that happens sometimes. Have you seen then give birth? http://25.media.tumblr.com/ae7b461cb5634cbdbc0e61d731858649/tumblr_mjv01jjGTq1r9odzco1_500.jpg shit happens, twat  




 The prince of darkness has antlers that cease to stop bleeding, hail him  









 Okay but honestly you should watch True Detective for the real plot.  




 My man!  




 Bee probably high as fuck too 




 DOOM 




 Did you have a protocol set up for if there were words written on Pluto's surface?  




  ":c"

-that fish  




 Clean up on isle five.  









 Being at the front for Kendrick a few hours early,  I got to see Alabama Shakes real close up. Being that close, I also was touching the VIP walkway. I had been keeping my eyes peeled for a few celebs to maybe have their fame melt off onto me, but ended up forgetting about that for a bit. That was until a man walked by in overalls and a straw hat, a man I immediately recognized as Matt Shultz from Cage the Elephant, one of my favorite fucking bands. I screamed,  CAGE THE ELEPHANT after he had passed and he turned around and gave me a huge smile and pumped his fists. I also yelled I FUCKING LOVE YOU and he did another wave. That was pretty fucking cool. Then Chance the Rapper walked by and high-fived me.  









 I did!  




 Homie,  it could be THE Wrong Way Wooten!  




 HERE IS A VIDEO FROM 2009 https://youtu.be/JPaIEmiyG7o 









 Like a damn water dancer  














 NSFW to be safe.  




 RemindMe! 1 day.  









 There was an episode of the original Pokemon where Ash finds a group of Pikachu and decided his Pikachu would be better off with them. He essentially "Whitefangs" (Airbudding for the illiterate) Pikachu and cries as he does it. My mom wouldn't let me watch it because I would cry too hard. 




 How did you get involved with Ninja and Yolandi of Die Antwoord? I loved seeing you in Ugly Boy! 




 I think that's what this is, I was there too 




 We can go toe to toe on bird law and see who comes out the victor 




 What the hell is nightcrawlers? It's not what it sounds like. It sounds like you crawl around at night like goddamn worms. I guess it is what it sounds like. 




 Mr Jon bon Joni himself! 




 Your ruining this for OP 




 When rob trujillo played enter the sandman I lost my fucking mind  









 Or just skip them, like world war 5 did. 




 Hm. I thought you were going to go with some like along the lines of hell actually being empty until the end of the first person's 100,000 years. Anyone snide enough to ask for the spoon got to help run hell from the inside. 




 I haven't slept for ten days because that would be too long. 




 I haven't slept for ten days because that would be too long. 









 This is probably the most 2010's thing you'll ever read. 




 Your home bar is the exact same as mine. I had been tapping your back button for more than I would like to admit 




 I love Smarter Every Day! How did you start doing your show, and how did you get access to so many fantastic facilities? 




 My little brother's (3) daycare lady had on a shirt that sported proudly, "Jesus Is My Anchor." To my amusement, I began to think about what an anchor *actually* does. It hold a ship back from going anywhere. Just like closing one's mind with religion holds back the possibility to learn anything new. Jesus was the anchor holding her back from an open mind! 




 The time warp episode on skating is really cool too. https://youtu.be/rjScAVh7q0o 









 I'm getting real sick of these naked but covered ladies. Its like smelling candy bars. 




 I love your Trale Lewous character! How did you find Brube and does he still think you're a trailer louse? 




 This is kind of haunting. Watching this toy makes me realize how immense the real one was...and how there are still people in the rooms. 




 Flush the fatties. 




 Wait, that's NASCAR 









 I lined those pages with $10,000! There's always money in the porn box! 




 Don't you think it was unfair for Amy to get mad when she was stuck for 30 but you waited for 2000 and didn't complain? What's it like to kiss another actor with such passion? 




 "That sucks" or "sucks to suck." As a writer, there's nothing more infuriating than lazy, thoughtless, uncreative sayings when I have an actual problem. To be honest, it really sucks.  




 "That sucks" or "sucks to suck." As a writer, it's infuriating when people cop out say something as lazy and as thoughtless as this. I mean, it really sucks. 




 Wait, they haven't banned you? I thought using any proxy would cause Netflix to ban you! 




 When you started doing your high-voice interpretation of the audience during your show, were you afraid of how they would react? The real audience, not your voice. 




 And that's how I met your mother  




 I see you've played knifey-spooney before! 




