 Both is ideal, but i honestly believe that real balance can only come from significant play testing by many different people. 




 I'm just surprised no one died.  














 Just one more reason not to have kids. 




 Lol, when i saw "book of Jenny" i thought you meant /r/crazyjenny (NSFW) 




 I like the imagery and language, but hate the style of the art. 




 There are serious weather consequences to a tidal locked planet. [This PDF talks a bit about it](http://arxiv.org/ftp/arxiv/papers/1405/1405.1025.pdf) - basically one side would be super-hot, one side super-cold, with a more-or-less tolerable but very windy area between the two.

Interestingly enough, the planet the Twi'leks in Star Wars hail from (Ryloth) is a tidally locked world.  




 I'm just excited to see a good becky plot.  




 Sometimes i do deluxe, but usually i just do the tier below that. It's so easy to find eggs via foraging that it's not awful to just spam it.  




 Yeah, suicide is a bitch. What's worse is that medication doesn't work for everyone :/ 

Stay strong though!  




 I gotta say, my grandmother's generation (born in the 30's) was light years different than my mother's generation (born in the 60's). I've never known anyone as selfish as baby boomers, and i've never known anyone as short-sighted, either.  




 If you'd want a rational critique, it's simply this: 

Parenting is not an auto-pilot job. It's not a job where you can become complacent. They became complacent. They made bad choices that, at every turn, lead them to the negligent act. They choose to (evidently) exhaust themselves at a park. They chose to go take a nap. They choose not to double check the car. They chose to (apparently) take in the other kids, but not do a headcount, not even notice one of them was gone.

As to the strangeness of the 30 minutes they were giving CPR and on the phone with 911, i can offer no explanation at all, which is troubling. 

This isn't a case of parents caught in the throes of some unavoidable situation; it's not a situation that could not be avoided or that any parent could have happen. This was parents who were over-extending themselves, complacent in their duty, and who failed to practice common sense and good policy. 

It was a fully avoidable, negligent death. Hell, their response to finding her might be negligent on it's own, depending how the 911 situation shakes out.  




 i'm surprised he didn't thrash around enough to unplug it; that had to be so painful and so awful.  




 Simple: it'd be cold as fuck, likely to be snowing, everyone would be out of the giving spirit, and the days would be incredibly short.  




 Sadly you're probably spot on about damon. Damn shame, too.

Zoe-Zig forever. It'd be way, way better than any tired gang storyline. 




 I suspect it won't be around long as story arcs go. 




 Honestly i don't mind Damon. The actor's working with some *awful* material but he does a decent job of it. He comes off as genuinely mean and genuinely threatening which is good. Plus, props to them for not just blackholing him.

The gang situation is so awful that i don't even know where to start complaining about it. It feels incredibly forced, as though they were desperate for some way to drive drama for Zig. Frankly they should have just set up a love plot for him, as it'd be more believable and less credulity-straining.  




 Would depend how they were displayed if i'd like it or not. 




 cheap nursing home hell - i'd throw her out in the street the week after christmas without a coat and tell her she's on her own. She'd probably make it to a homeless shelter, maybe.  




 Well, for example, the new principal and the rules. That's an immovable object. They have to find some way to deal with/change the rules, that doesn't involve direct confrontation or talking about it or what have you; it'll take some kind of clever or fortuitous solution instead of a natural solution. 

The gangs' the same way: Zig is powerless against the gang, and all of his normal mechanisms for coping with things don't work. So he'll have to create some new method (or some outside person will have to step in, as has happened before). 

It's cheap story telling because it doesn't work to the characters strengths, and it doesn't move any kind of emotional or psychological plot forward. It's just straight up "Solve this problem, but not as you normally would" 

I'm sure there's some proper name for it in storytelling, but i always call it "whoever vs. Immovable object"; it comes up all the time in all sorts of storytelling situations. 




 Their pretty awful about it. I understand why they do it - they want the show to seem topical (and for people to talk about the show in the future for how dated it'll sound) but it often comes off as very very forced.  




 Eli's a lot more tolerable than most of the people on the show, that's for sure. He's one of the very few who has an actual personality and real interests, instead of just being kind of a cut-out that gets put in various places and situations.

I am curious who'll replace eli/claire with the new network. 




 i have no clue; i long ago tried figuring out anything about how TeenNick conducts it's business, they seem to be more like weather than like any kind of rational entity. 




 need to see Season 14, Episode 13 *and* Season 14, Episode 14 for it to make sense, which were both aired last night. If Teen Nick posted both? That i cannot guess. 




 SE IV, i recommend adamant mod. 




 It's always a shame when someone takes their own life. Tomorrow might have been a better day. 




 If ever there was a news story for them, this'd be it. 




 There was blood on the walls and ceiling and he had suffered serious injuries from an electric saw, which was near his body and still plugged in.

Good grief, what a way to go. To be that desperate must be truly unfathomable. 

Hopefully where ever he is, it treats him better than this life did.  




 Absolutely fucking vile, i was totally baffled how someone could even be so callous. 

stealing the money for herself is pretty scummy, but that just took it to a new level for me. 




 I'm of the opinion that people should use what advantages they have in life to get ahead. I generally operate on the principal that people don't do things altruistically; if someone flirts with me i figure their after something, whatever that may be.  




 Yeah i'm the problem with society, not the people who side with negligent parents instead of a dead kid. Keep on trying to convince yourself of that.  




 best of all once he crashes the local housing market (by bringing in non-millionaires) he can do whatever the fuck he wants because the rich people will move out. 




 No, i'll find a way, just might be delayed. 




 Tiny getting shanked surprised me greatly. The gang situation is absolutely ludicrous, and is just another example of "kids vs. immovable object". 

Hopefully! the rest of the season is pretty intense, as would be befitting.  




 I dunno, i keep hearing about this vast army of Eli-Claire Fanatics, but they never seem to show up here in any volume, and we're one of the largest communities. 

They need to just quietly sunset the couple and have them go off to new york or something. 









 If thinking with "more complexity" means "giving a pass for blatent negligence leading to the death of a two year old" i'll take a pass, thank you. 

As to your frustration, well - i hope other people don't frustrate you, or you might get violent with them. But it'd be their fault, right? They should know not to frustrate you so much.  




 I'm actually legit surprised there isn't a type of demo derby that has remote controlled cars.  




 if they could control steering, brake, and gas, they could finally achieve the greatest dream of any car owner: they could drive all the jeeps to the scrapyard, into the scrapper, and dispose of them properly.  




 Real life, Paul Bernardo. Decent looking, charming, and a notorious  serial rapist and (later) serial killer. Pretty much every book about the case goes to lengths to mention how well-regarded he was. 

In fiction, i'd guess the prototypical serial rapist-as-charismatic-monster would be Krug from Last House on the Left. He's good looking, charming, and also a sadistic monster. Same with the lead attacker from I Spit On Your Grave (both versions + the sequel).  




 I think degrassi is at it's worse when it's "kids vs. external force", and this entire episode set was basically that. They should have spent more time on Lola/Winston/etc and less time on claire/eli who almost everyone is tired of. The new principal plot is a lame macguffin. 

Other than that, though - not bad episodes, just not what i was hoping for for the season premier, i guess.

 




 Yep. What's amazing to me is that that's a pretty significant action for something as small as a roach to take, but they do it all the time; it'd be like me or you hiking 20 miles to a new house. Crazy that they'd even know it was time to go, let alone where to go to! 




 yeah, designers have a vested interest in keeping everything the same. After all, if you've got an empire built on simple, easy-to-use rules, you don't want to rock the boat by suddenly saying that maybe the existing methods aren't so great and need to be revised or discarded. That's not the kind of talk that gets you tenure, after all. 




 I love the shutter sound, so it works out for me. Plus it's nice to know it actually took a picture instead of not; my fucking camera is totally silent, and i never know if it actually took the photo or just pretended to. 




 Probably perfectly legal in most places in the US, although it's the kind of thing that the cops would not be amused at finding. 




 Amusing story: 

For about 100 years, my town had this old, abandoned, decaying church that was sitting there rotting. The inside was so bad that it was full of pigeons who had melted into the floor as they decayed. 

So the town fathers decide to demo the (increasingly health-hazardous) building. They level the place with bulldozers, push everything into the basement, and then shovel dirt on top hauling off whatever wouldn't fit in the basement cavity.

Sure as shit, *every house* on the block got rats and mice, for three years running. 

I've always admired rats, because their just so good at surviving and thriving in the very worst environments. I just don't want them near me. 




 Got that right. A private subreddit is deniable, and not apt to draw much media attention. So the admins are probably pretty OK with them existing. 




 It's already been done before, by better authors.  




 True crime writing is full of uh...interesting personalities and views. I'm not at all surprised the guy's a little off.  









 Better man than I. I see some asshole in a swastika shirt in distress, i'm gonna develop a sudden inexplicable blindspot and find somewhere else to be involved.  




 I would still contend there's a difference between "what people are used to seeing" and "what is good design".
 




 Probably mental illness of some kind. The only real issue would be why she didn't get/seek treatment, and what we can do to prevent incidents like this in the future.  




 My only concerns are if they were stored in a way that was both safe and secure. I'm not even sure what'd happen with that much ammo and a housefire, but i bet it's not good.  




 Doesn't surprise me at all. Post-Partum mental illness is very real and very scary. 




 Brutal. TeenNick has screwed this show so hard it's almost unbelievable. They really must be some bridge-burning assholes. 

Amusingly, having the show on their site was the *one and only way* they could monetize me watching the show, and they blew it. I would sit through every (repetitive, bullshit) ad just to support them putting it up on the net for free. 




 i would be surprised if it was only a million worth of stuff - that's a LOT of ammunition, depending on caliber, and an enormous pile of guns. Makes me wonder what the story behind it is; that's way past a casual collection, and into the realms of either a serious almost obsessive collector or someone running a business.  




 I always feel it's important to represent the null stance, and to remind readers that their not alone in not really caring who gets precious internet pennies of video views.  




 *shudders* that sounds absolutely awful.

It's amazing the conditions people can live (and even thrive) in, though - and i bet the kids who grew up there almost never get minor illnesses like colds or coughs. 




 incorrect assumption. Glossy magazines exist because - at the time they were invented - it was a cheap and easy way to produce content for people to consume. It isn't the case that people inherently like the format, it's just *what they are used to*; there is a difference between what a person's used to seeing and what's objectively good or bad from a design standpoint. 




 the real question is, should we even be replicating a glossy magazine? The magazine format is an artifact of the technology used to create it; i don't see any good reason we should be bound to it with new medium.  




 Perhaps it's the case that the developers of the software are idiots themselves, and that's why they don't set sane defaults. 




 I wonder what bizarre traditions have been forgotten over time, from armies long beaten and countries long erased? 

    "A record of
    Our little lives
    The clothes we wore
    Our spoons our knives

    The games of luck
    Our soldiers played
    The stones we cut
    The songs we made"

- Leonard Cohen, "Nevermind" 




 This is more or less how i feel. It'd be a *tremendous* historical find (especially if it contradicted some of the history written in the Torah or expanded upon it) but i doubt most people would even care very much what it actually said, in terms of ritual and practices.

Not to mention, of course, many religions previously practiced quite terrible things, in antiquity, but have moved on from them since. If their not doing evil things now, the majority doesn't care about what they used to do. 




 Every time gawker takes a hit, an angel gets it's wings. They are trash-mongers of the first order. 














 It'll be interesting to see how it holds up over the long term, and how difficult it is to repair/upgrade. I'd also be kind of curious how it's ice/snow performance is as compared to asphalt.  




 I find the entire topic of combat videos and the morality thereof such a morass that the idea of "who makes money off it" is the bottom of the heap in terms of issues. It's such a tarball that i just don't think about any of it. 




 Yep. It's so frustrating this is gonna get swept under the rug because of who the victims and perpetrator are. 




 he opened fire at a building full of people hitting two of them; if that's not a mass shooting then i don't know what would be. Certainly  the FBI [would consider him](https://www.fbi.gov/about-us/office-of-partner-engagement/active-shooter-incidents) an "Active Shooter".

What's frightening is that had he gone into the building where they were hiding in the bathroom, it could have been a repeat of the Adam Lanza shooting where a bunch of people got slaughtered in a bathroom. 




 I'm still having problems. I actually took a nap, hoping that would fix things, but no. MTV.ca tells me that my (canadian) VPN is not in their approved region, and teen nick doesn't have the episode yet, for me. 

I'm staying zen though. 




 There's many a shady thing i have done under the guise of being a writer doing research, ever since stephen king recommended it in one of his books (maybe dolan's cadillac?)  




 ahh yes, resorting to name calling and violence, the mark of the reasonable, thoughtful person. You ever consider why you might have both anger issues and a desire to excuse negligence? It's something you might want to think about. 




 Finally got to watch the episodes. Comments below!  




 Imagine the outcry if instead of shooting homeless people, he shot at a school and used the same excuse. There'd be an unbelievable hue and cry, it'd be national news.  




 I'm just absolutely appalled at the article's overall tone. It's so insensitive it borders on the callous.

Also, if he wanted to kill homeless people, why would he shoot up a detox center where they are, by definition, *getting better* and on the road to recovery?

I dunno, i hope they throw the fucking book at this guy and give him the needle. 




 I'm here to watch people get blown up and to see combat stuff, and the politics or economics of that do not enter into the equation for me.  









 it's the UAE, odds of finding out anything bordering on the truth hover near zero. 




 I'm disinclined to give any organization with the size and reach of the catholic church the benefit of any doubt. 

As to francis's behavior over time - i'm sure that's why they elected him, he's someone who's got a relatively clean record that's difficult to slander in the press. That he's from latin america certainly didn't hurt.  




 I remember when that happened; doesn't seem to be many updates on it.  




 keep telling yourself that. 




 I think ti's more likely that it's a slow race, news wise, and writing about anything is better than writing about nothing.  




 I'm a realist. The catholic church hemorrhages membership, it's demographics start looking pretty sour, and they have a spectacularly unpopular pope *and* a bunch of scandals.

Then suddenly, here shows up Pope GoodGuy(tm) who says everything that a disillusioned world wants to hear. He wants to win over the people with money, who are activism minded, who he knows will be a real benefit to the church if he can just but lure them back. So he goes and stumps for all the popular causes that the kids today love - the environment, global warming, populist movements, income inequality, blah blah blah.

It's laughably transparent, but reddit just keeps on falling for it. 




 Sure; and are they going to leave the church - and eternal salvation - over it? Or will they just suck it up and bear it like good catholics? 




 The thousands upon thousands of submariners around the world - who live and work under water for weeks to months at a time - beg to differ.

Plus the ISS is a *terrible* value for the money. The main science it's taught us is that humans do very poorly in prolonged zero-G and that it's obscenely expensive to keep them alive in space for any amount of time. Hell, the astronauts there spend *85% of their working hours on construction and maintenance of the station itself*. If that's not a statement of how impossible it is to practically keep people in space,  i don't know what would be. 




 They likely got disoriented and flew either into a remote location or into water. Even experienced pilots can get disoriented and end up going the wrong way for miles. 

If the plane was anything like a [Cessna 140](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cessna_140) then it would have a cruise speed of about 100 mph. Let's assume he pulls 80 average. that's a range of *240 miles* the plane could have gone down in. 

That the wreckage hasn't been found says it's either high in a mountain, deep in a forest, or underwater. I'm voting underwater. 

I mean really the bigger mystery would be if these two didn't meet a bad end due to ill-preparedness and lack of skill.
 




 Don't worry, I've heard the message of cases like this loud and clear: i see some nutbar waving a knife around, i'm scooting out of there, and anyone who chooses to stay is on their own. I don't need the lawsuit, thanks. 




 Seems sensible to me. Here's hoping they never have to use them. 




 I am shocked that detroit stuff isn't bigger news, i thought sure it'd take off like fucking wildfire. It hits all of reddit's buttons! 




 Of course he won't be quiet - he still needs to get those asses in the pews, and the only way he can do that is if he's out there saying the crap that the people who've abandoned the church want to hear.  




 Got it in one. It's cost-neutral to have gay marriage and it actually makes money to legalize pot, but attacking climate change is a big money hit.

Also, of course, fixing america won't do anything if other countries in the world don't follow suit. It's possible they'd just buy our now very cheap coal and keep on burning away. 









 If it's like most personals sites, there's 10 actual users and 39,990 scam accounts. 




 Indeed so. It's crazy how much the world has changed in 20 years.  




 yeah, they lucked into a reporter willing to soft-ball the story and paint them in as good a light as possible. Lucky them. 




 A lot of people today absolutely do not remember/know how bad and awful crime used to be. We live in what amounts to a *utopia* compared to late 80's early 90's america. 




 correct.  




 you did not just insult Postal, one of the funniest fucking movies i have ever seen, did you? 




 I do not approve of vigilante justice, nor of using violence to resolve problems, but frankly when someone's been so clearly abandoned by the system, what are they to do? It seems there's no good answers, when you call the cops repeatedly and nothing gets done. 




 Congrats!!!!!! 




 Not only are there eggs, but they make the delicious scrambled eggs, which my character has lived on for weeks before. 




 yeah, that tired-ass article gets dragged out every time some parent is negligent. If i was concerned with the logic of why they were negligent, i would care. But i am not concerned with *why* they were negligent; their excuses are irrelevant. 

We hold parents to a standard of accountability. They failed that standard. They should be punished for failing that standard.

Also, a table spoon of honey, a table spoon of vinegar, and a 8-ounce glass of water makes a superb summer drink, when chilled. Refreshing and delicious.  




 Pretty much all those pictures are boss. I had no clue the mexican military had falconers.  




 It's less wrong than thinking it's harder to colonize the sea than it is to colonize space. 




 Noway. The ocean, furthest you are from escape and help is about five miles. Worst case you fly in a rescue sub from somewhere and pull people out (as we do with submarine disasters, now). The area around you is a good heat sink, water is plentiful, and air can be made by simply cracking water into oxygen. We have over a century of experience with submarine issues, living, and technical challenges. Resupply is as simple as sending down some crates of food and whatnot. Realistically, having an under-sea habitat wouldn't be a whole lot worse than having an oil rig (of which we have thousands)

Space? space is *unbelievably* unpleasant. Help is days and days away at best. There's no resupply coming unless it's planned far in advance. There is no oxygen, no water, nothing for vast, vast areas. Everything that you want to have costs thousands of dollars a pound to bring up  and that's if you're lucky. There is unbelievable radiation in most areas, it's difficult to dump waste heat (an enormous problem) and if your ship gets punctured, you are bleeding away precious, difficult to replace supplies.

But maybe worst of all, there is *nothing there*. It's rocks, it's dust, it's cold. That's it. Even shipping back resources would be prohibitively expensive. 




 sure to tell us that the sun is very hot, space is pretty empty, and that money may not buy happiness but it can certainly buy pretty pictures of celestial objects 




 Or maybe it's the case that it's *simply not practical* to ship people into space, which is literally the most hostile environment available?  




 We already had one - [Ulysses](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ulysses_(spacecraft%29). There's been a few others, too. 




 haha indeed, there's been many a night i've sat down to play "just a half an hour" of dwarf fortress, and ended up running it for 6 or 7 hours... 




 My issue's not so much the blood, but that there is *so much of it*. Also odd: mushrooms in bbq sauce?  




 "i'm a writer" has to be the single best cover story/excuse/etc i have ever encountered.  









 No sweat! 




 I heard about that, absolutely awful. This kind of negligence is just unacceptable. 




 It's a shame because it is *so awesome*, once you get into it.  




 That's my attitude. No point even getting worked up over stuff, it'll all pass in time. 




 you ever wanna feel awful for how far america's fallen, [check out this link](http://www.eastliverpoolhistoricalsociety.org/Trolley.htm) - and then google up the town today. It's an area that would direly benefit from a light rail system (notably it'd link together liverpool and stuebenville, which would greatly help both communities) but instead it's a giant, soulless highway town. 




 Brutal, the mods are the best part!  




 That is really bizarre; i wonder if it's a typo, or if something more unusual was going on. You'd think 911 would rush an ambulance for a kid left in a hot car in dallas who's now unresponsive. I wonder if they delayed calling or if there was some miscommunication or what. 




 Yep. I kept thinking about that when i was reading these replies. Dog dies? Get the pitchforks and torches. A kid dies? No big deal.

I hope it's just because reddit's full of highschool kids. 




 All members of society are accountable to other members of society. That kid that died was one of us, and would have grown up to be a contributing member of our nation (and world's, for that matter) economy, and culture. They had their entire lives ahead of them, where they could have done *great things*. 

Instead, they died in a hot car in dallas. And it seems some significant number of people on this site consider that no big deal and not something that anyone should give a shit about. Shit, with that attitude, why ever incarcerate *anyone*? After all they probably feel bad about what they did, and isn't feeling bad good enough for any crime, if it's good enough for the negligent death of a two year old. 




 Yep. To give a drunk access to a car is to enable their dangerous behavior, and is a sign that the judgement of the car owner should be in question.  




 High class typically comes with "strings" of a sort:

1. There'd be familial enemies and allies, perhaps going back generations. 

2. There would always be people seeking to curry favor with the family, either as patrons, customers, or allies in a conflict 

3. It was very common in the old days for aristocrats to receive both exotic gifts and to send their children to far off places for schooling or training, or to have highly-skilled tutors for them

4. The rich are often taken with fads and eccentricities, and are known to do things "just because they can" (like the Folly Towers)

Plus, of course, aristocratic individuals and families are often well known in their communities, and are given special consideration (both for good and ill!)  




 Only on reddit is seeking accountability for parents considered a fault. One dares not imagine the worldview you must have.  




 The 12 year olds called and want their edge back. 




 I definitely think that in the future, we will have some kind of technological solution to this problem, but i have no idea what form it could take. It would seem any system that could get the attention of someone outside the car would be a system that might be a pain in the ass enough for people to disable, so i dunno. 

It disturbs me that a car can tell me it's low on wiper fluid, but not that someone is in the back seat when no one's in the front seat.  




 I'm actually totally graphics agnostic; if a game has great graphics, that's fine, but if it has awful graphics i just get used to it. I really like diverse and deep gameplay; to me, if a game has 500 different units and 60 weapons they can have, that's a good game, and if it has virtually unlimited units (like Dwarf Fortress) that's even better.  




 Oh i have no doubt they exist (the dominions 4 game i'm in right now has a chick in it, who's actually winning against 5 other people) but not among my friends, sadly :( 

That said a lot of my female friends play like, terraria and don't starve and what not. 




 Yeah i might well toss up a discussion thread for the premier. 

it's gonna be *really inconvenient* to manage threads every day because of how reddit does threads and how it handles front page posts. Just one more thing teen nick is pissing me off with, i suppose. 




 That america lacks good, well-regarded mass transit is something that forever pisses me off. 

Where i live, many people drive 20+ miles to work, 5 days a week. With better (or any) mass transit, we could save enormous amounts of resources and definitely some lives. That we don't is appalling.  




 I am absolutely terrible at games, but it's fun to play them.

And yeah, SE IV without mods is pretty rough; i almost always run Adamant mod because of the balance issues. 




 Thank you.  




 if someone's negligent and no serious harm comes of it, then that's not a crime. If someone's negligent and a 2 year old cooks to death strapped in her car seat, then, that is certainly a crime of some kind.

Only on reddit would someone holding parents to a standard of accountability be considered enough to make someone a douchebag. Unbelievable. 




 haha right? Only sub i've ever been in where RT links are posted with any frequency. 




 Quite so. Any society that abandons it's most vulnerable members is a society not worth living in. I have zero complaints about my taxes going to disabled people. 




 Glad you're alright! 




 jesus christ, someone backed over their own baby in their driveway? That's appalling, i can only imagine the disgusting and awful scene that must have presented. I dunno about locked up (without knowing more about the situation), but they should definitely be carefully examined to determine if they were negligent or not. 

And if there's issues with the foster care system, we should be working towards *fixing those issues* rather than refusing to use the system.  




 I went there once, but immediately caught fire like a vampire in the sun and so ran away from it forever. I only read negative news. 




 Right now: Dwarf Fortress, Dominions 4, Gemcraft (OK everyone loves Gemcraft..), and sometimes oddball stuff like OpenXCom or Space Empires IV 




 a two year old cooked to death in a car, and you're talking about the need to avoid *punishing the people responsible*? I've seen some bullshit moral relativism on this site, but this takes the cake. 

When you have a kid, you have responsibilities. If you fuck up those responsibilities, you hurt your family, you hurt the kid, you hurt society itself. No amount of "sorry, my bad!" makes up for that. 




  Is he really unaware of Neoclassicism?

Probably. I think when you're as successful as he is, it's easy to lose sight of all the stuff you *don't* know. 




 It *really* bothers me when people call kids "crotchfruit". Like it gets right under my skin.

Everyone knows "Fuck trophy" is a 100% better term to use, and more accurate, as well. 




 i only like them boiled and plain, myself. Adding other stuff does nothing for me. 




 Broccoli or Brussel sprouts. Could eat both of them every day, i absolutely love them.  




 I kind of wondered that, myself.  




 LOL! Thats fucking hysterical, what universe do you live in? 

edited to add: I think that not penalizing people who commit blatant acts of negligence like this sends a horrible message to society and does very little to further anyone's well being. They fucked up, there should be some consequences for that. 




 All sorts of things, but mostly video games. Most of my female friends don't see the appeal in the video games i play (which i guess is not surprising considering most males don't, either).  




 That sounds like a pretty legitimate case for disability to me. I wouldn't consider you in any way lessened by making use of the support that's available. 




 Wonder if there's some biological thing at play, or if it's just an equipment issue (where sometimes the connection's not perfect or what have you).  




 that's actually an interesting point - because we already know (as an example) batman's story, re-visiting his origins can be interesting in it's own right. Since there's assumptions we make about him, those assumptions can be challenged or confirmed (or subverted). 

As to the repetition of stories, I'd say that, really, there's only about 7 to 10 real stories in all the world, and we just keep telling them over and over in different ways with minor variations. If there's a truly unique story to be told - I've never heard it. 









 Welcome to /r/worldnews where literally *any* source is a good source - so long as it supports the poster's agenda, of course. 




