 Backstory: I'm in the funeral home for my grandfather's visitation. This nightmare fuel is hanging on the wall outside one of the rooms. This would be the funeral director, and the dog that he presumably uses to lure people to the well in his basement. 









 Hey you know if you're made of money you could check out the proof research carbon wrapped barrela. As I understand it they're a lighter profile stainless barrel wrapped in a carbon sleeve to maintain rigidity under sustained fire.  




 Well that's good to know. All you hear around is "you gotta do shocks and springs for a bigger bumper." Good to get some first hand experience 




 did you have to get beefier front springs to compensate for that bumper? 




 Let's have the story on that tundra. My first gens in line for some upgrades. 




 No response given, although the $40 has been taken out of my bank account. I'm not incredibly happy, but maybe they've just taken the week after the fourth off? Not sure, out of ideas. 




 Email sent. I'm just kinda frustrated since I ordered a sling from vtac at the same exact time and its here already, whereas the wrap seems to have not even been shipped yet. Granted VTAC is in TN not out west. 




 Yeah I thought the same thing, but I pulled the trigger anyway. Late night purchases and whatnot... 




 Yeah I was thinking give them till the end of the week. Given the wrap was $19.95 and shipping was $20 I'm just a little impatient. 




 So after seeing an interesting handguard wrap on here a while back, I did some research and found out it's temperature protective handguard wrap, manufactured by Orca Arms. I ordered this product on July 2nd, granted it was 11pm here in Illinois, they're on the west coast. It's now nearly a week later, and I've received nothing since the order confirmation email. Am I too accustomed to my Amazon prime 2-day guarantee? Or is this something I should be contacting them about? Anyone had dealings with this company before? (Link for those interested)

http://orcaarms.com/index.php/tactical-gear/t-r-a-p-temperature-reduction-and-protective-wrap.html

UPDATE: I just sent an email to Orca Arms politely inquiring as to whether they were perhaps out of the office over the holiday and asking about the status of my order. 

UPDATE 2: 7/10/15, no response to my email thus far, no further shipping info sent. Frustration intensifies.

UPDATE 3: 7/10/15, gave them a call this afternoon. Fellow on the other end says he was not sure why it hasn't shipped but assured me they'd get it in the mail and send a tracking number this evening. Hopefully can chalk this one up to a simple misplaced box. 




 Yeah I'm aware of the distinction. I doubt I will shoot it anyway. Might have it checked out to see if it's mechanically sound and then just put it up as a conversation piece. 




