 I have no idea. I've been trying to figure out what's really going on. I'll know more once this lead pans out.  




 I've been apart of this fan board where we post about our favorite hobbies for the past five years. My specialty happens to be Buffy the Vampire Slayer. I love talking about it, getting into the mythology of the Buffyverse, debating with others what each item or character symbolizes, and merely enjoying a show that pioneered television. The other day, after posting frequently for the past five years, I get a message from the moderator of the Buffy board:

SpuffyFanatic: "Dude, what's your fucking problem?"

I didn't know what she was talking about. I looked at my recent post history to see if maybe I said something offensive and didn't realize. I noticed a comment posted to a "Best Villain of the Series" thread (I'm so tired of seeing a new thread popping up with the same overused material!). The thread was originally posted by user MellowD. I know I didn't post in it, but I read the comment anyway:

MrKittyFantastico: "Peek-a-boo, I see you. XXXXX W. XXXX ST, XXXXX, OK XXXXX"

(I've redacted the address to protect the user's privacy.)

I immediately responded to the moderator. 

MrKittyFantastico: "I have no idea who posted with my account, but it wasn't me."

The moderator responded rather quickly.

SpuffyFanatic: "Change your password and make sure to keep your information private. Whoever did it scared the ba-Jesus out of OP MellowD."

MrKittyFantasico: "Got it. I don't know how it happened. Sorry."

SpuffyFanatic: "Just make sure it doesn't happen again."

I left it at that, a simple hack or something. Hell, I even thought maybe a friend logged into my computer during a visit while I was in the bathroom or something. But why would they doxx a user? Definitely not cool.

I approached Dev, the only one I figured had the capability of pulling such a prank. Let's just say he wasn't appreciative of my accusation.

"Seriously?" he asked. "You think I logged into your computer without your permission, got into some random Buffy the Vampire Slayer messaging board you're apart of, found some random thread, doxxed OP of said thread, and then logged out as if nothing happened just give you a hard time?"

I shrugged my shoulders. "When you put it like that..."

He didn't speak to me for a few weeks. I don't blame him. I was just wondering what the fuck happened. I even messaged MellowD.

MrKittyFantastico: "So sorry about whatever happened in your thread. Just know it wasn't me. I don't doxx anyone. I don't even know how! Please, I hope this doesn't turn you away from the group."

About an hour later, I get a reply.

MellowD: "Spuffy, explained everything. She said you're a long-time member and said you'd never do such a thing. Once she realized your account mighta got hacked, I cooled down. Just really freaked me out for a minute."

MrKittyFantastico: "Totally get it. I would be too. Thanks for understanding."

I pretty much let the issue go. MellowD wasn't mad, Spuffy wasn't too upset and was quite understanding, and I couldn't find anyone willing/wanting/capable of accessing my computer. It must've been an outsider somehow using my account to freak someone out. I upped my firewall security and changed passwords on various accounts, including the email I use for the Buffy board.

Let's just say I was surprised when I received an email from Spuffy.

SpuffyFanatic@XXXXXX: "MellowD is freaking out. She's received several PMs filled with pictures of her house, all coming from your account. I even took a look at the IP history and it's all coming from the same IP that you've been posting from for years. Are you doing this!?"

I was stunned. Absolutely dumbfounded. What the hell was going on? I didn't even live in Oklahoma! I responded immediately.

MrKittyFantastico@XXXXX: "It isn't me, I swear! I don't even live in Oklahoma, based on the address the hacker posted earlier. Please, you gotta believe me."

My heart is racing. I'm freaked out and I'm not sure how to make this right or prove I didn't have anything to do with this. Then, I get a PM from MellowD.

MellowD: "Thanks for letting me borrow your account. Now, I have my own to use at my disposal. Don't worry. I'll be seeing all of you real soon."

Blood drained out of my face as I stared at the monitor. Did this mean what I thought it meant? Did someone break into MellowD's house? Did they do something merely to get access to her account? Why? What was happening?

Shortly after I received the PM from whomever was posing as MellowD, I received an email from Spuffy.

SpuffyFanatic@XXXXX: "Okay. Apparently, MellowD's boyfriend had been playing a prank on her. Somehow, he accessed your account via phishing and used it to freak her out. She's really upset at him, all because he was jealous she was talking to people on a Buffy fan board. Jeez, what a creep. Teenagers, amiright?"

That didn't make any sense. How could Spuffy blatantly take a lie so easily!? *Oh, nvm, my boyfriend just played an incredibly elaborate prank on me involving cyber-attacks on innocent people all because he's a douche-nozzle who isn't being paid attention to.* Fuck that. I was pissed.

Another PM from MellowD further made things impossible to believe.

MellowD: "Nobody will believe you."

I immediately responded back with a fury of a thousand keyboard warriors.

MrKittyFantastico: "Bring it on, dickhead. I will get to the bottom of this."

MellowD: "Bored now."

Then, she, or whomever was using her account, blocked me. 




 Agreed. I understand missing things, but this was seriously overlooked by OP. Further, why message asking what happened if you're not going to continue on to the next episode as the transformation from Ben to Glory happens late in the episode? 




 And yet the dog is fine and lives a happy, rewarding life. OP learned from their mistakes.  




 People go through periods in their life. It sounds like the owner is getting a great handle on his issues via training the puppy. He fucked up at the beginning. He realized he was wrong and changed his behavior. He's not saying he doesn't deserve the comments from his original post. He's saying he is glad someone encouraged him and helped him to change, to be a better person. Whether he came back to throw it in people's faces or not, he isn't a bad person. Just someone who was lost and has now been found. Let's hope you don't make any mistakes that could be looked down upon. 




 I'm thinking the Phoenix would be great. I will hit them up and see how they feel about a small group coming in to start the group. As for the nerd/game bar idea, I definitely want to support them. I've been in contact with the individual who is starting it and told him that I am down for holding the group at the new restaurant should it open. For now, since it's merely a trial run at another restaurant/bar. So I think he should focus on the general nerd community in Tulsa.  




 Great! Well, I will most likely create another thread shortly with new developments. I'd like to see this go live within the next month! 




 I appreciate all your comments. I would love to see these meeting rooms, but I also think we might need a little more personality for our meetings. That's just me though. Secondly, I think we're going to focus on Saturday right now. So maybe a 5-7pm start time and go on for either however long or a couple of hours.  




 Just a quick comment since I'm doing 80 things at once. First off, thanks for all the info. Secondly, what about the Phoenix coffee shop? It has quite a bit of space and seating we could possibly invade as well as a bar. Just a thought because you mentioned Chimera.  




 I've never been to The Max though I've heard it's a great nerdy atmosphere, but I worry it might be too loud? Is the music pretty intense? Fassler Hall seems almost perfect, as long as people don't mind Geman food and drink. I know nothing of Chimera. 

As for places to meet up, we could always try different places with each meeting. Or do you think it'd be safer to maintain a HQ where we always meet? 




 I wouldn't care so much about why Xander did it if there wasn't a huge context of Xander only doing it out of jealousy. Did Angelus need to be stopped? Yes. I didn't see Angel getting his soul back so much as forgiving him but more as a way to lock Angelus up. Nobody said they'd have to forgive Angel and just pretend everything was okay. Even in season 3 they never really accepted him back into the fold, hence his departure (as well as knowing it was best to stay away from Buffy). 

Xander comes off as a pompous jerk who blames Buffy for bringing him into the supernatural and expects her to fall head over heels for him. Xander's useful, and has been, but he fares better after growing up and maturing. Sadly, this doesn't happen until season 7. 

It wasn't until I got older and rewatched the show that I realized how messed up Xander actually was and annoying. I get why he does what he does, but it doesn't make it any less childish. He doesn't get a pass, even with Jesse's death. He chose to continue to be a part of Buffy's life, and not just because he's such a "good" guy. He wanted to jump Buffy's bones, and he couldn't deal with being friend-zoned for years. 




 BEWARE... SPOILERS AHEAD!

I loved season 7, and the Slayer potentials made complete sense. I don't get any of the hate. The atmopshere was similar to seasons 1-3, but our characters matured. In seasons 4 and 5, our characters were dealing with becoming adults. Season 6 really forced them to overcome their issues and mature. Now, season 7 has them being adults dealing with the typical supernatural nonsense in their lives while knowing their places in the world. 

Buffy has moved on from dying, coming back from Heaven, and finding a way to use her 'protector' skills by becoming a student advisor. She's even allowed Dawn to participate in the reindeer games.

Dawn has become less whiny and annoying. She gets to be involved and actually becomes quite helpful throughout the season. I really loved how they distinguished the similarity between her and Xander, being on the outside looking in.

Xander has FINALLY gotten over Buffy choosing Angel, or even Spike, over him. He realizes he's messed up with Anya in season 6 and he's accepted his fate as a construction worker even leading his own team in the reconstruction of Sunnydale High. His loss of an eye refers back to being the outsider looking in. He really took a beating this season, which I think he deserves after the previous season.

Willow has evolved, but she's also integrated the things she hated about herself. Dark Willow mocked how weak and nerdy Regular Will was in her early years. But we see her now reminiscent of her old self, even prior to season 4. She's combined her doubting self and confident self in a version we all love. I don't totally agree with the way they handled her throughout the season (knocking her out all the time), but I guess if you don't know how to be creative (and I'm saying this passive aggressively because this show has been incredibly creative through the first 6 seasons) then there isn't much else you can do. I also disagree with how she got with Kennedy, but I can see how she got involved. I'm thankfuly they're no longer together in the comics.

Giles gets thrown to the side this season due to Anthony Stewart Head leaving the series as a regular in Season 6. But I feel he has ran his course during the series. He's the father figure, the wise old Wizard with the sage advice. However, I do like how they handled Buffy and Giles' relationship this season, showing that Buffy no longer needs his advice. She's her own person now.

Spike has always been volatile and this season he's at his most peaceful, despite being a murderous Sleeper. But with a soul, Spike feels more at home in his skin than any other season. He's the supportive boyfriend that Buffy always wanted/needed, so that's why I will always been Team Spike despite his attempted rape in season 6.

Anyanka hasn't really changed anymore than usual during this season, but she's still the same, sweet demented Anya she always has been in previous seasons. If anything, I'd say she accepted her humanity more this season than any other, per her speeches towards the end of the season.

I miss Tara. I wish she had come back for "Conversations with Dead People", but I would want her to call Cassie out on being a fake. Basically, Tara, a good ghost, telling Willow to see through the First's facade as playing Cassie. But that's me.

The Slayer Potentials weren't any different from Buffy being a teenager. So again, I don't see the hate there. After being brought back from the dead, Buffy affected the Slayer line, allowing the First to make a play. It wasn't far-fetched or out of lines for the show. If I have a complaint, it's that the big temple in which Buffy finds the last Guardian. All this time she's roamed the many graveyards and we've never once seen this really odd, out of place Egyptian temple? Also, we have the Guardian to give us a cryptic message only to be killed seconds later? Deus ex Machina if I ever saw it, but at least Joss admitted to it. 




 It'd definitely be downtown I thought. Not sure of a good place that would allow an intimate setting without being too noisy while also allowing a decent-sized group some space.

So far, Saturdays seem to be best. 




 I was thinking that at the beginning of each meeting we could do a writing exercise and then read each other's writing (switch with someone new every meeting, if possible) and critique. Then, we can go over a topic each discussion but keep it loose. Let everyone participate with general knowledge learned through their writing journeys. We can keep the discussion open and allow everyone to talk about whatever in their writing. But have at least a broad topic within which to focus the talk. 




 I agree. I just think it should be up to the school (high school or college) to provide the knowledge and resources to educate an interested student to research their major before picking one. I unfortunately didn't have those resources. But you are correct. 




 Why is a degree in, say, creative writing equal to a degree in watching Netflix? Do you know the amount of work I put into my work as a writer or my education? I am a self-publishing author who maintains two jobs in order to make end's meet while trying to fulfill my dream of writing. I don't want to sell millions. I don't want to deal with the massive corporate-owned publishers. I want to do decently, make at least $36K if possible, and be happy with what I do.

I don't appreciate the attitude that because it's a liberal arts degree that it means the students put in less work/time/effort or that their jobs are meaningless. Without liberal arts, you wouldn't have philosophy or movies or television or art or comics or music or books or digital graphics or the idea of creativity that has helped develop innovation with yesterday's technology to provide today's software and hardware. 

In today's society, you can't go to school without getting loans. In order to pay tuition, you either sign away your life or begin campaigning in hopes of getting grants or scholarships. If you're not athletic or science-focused, you're pretty much screwed. Combine that with very few resources and little assistance when starting college and you have the situation we're in now. I started school without anyone to help me understand financial aid or what it meant to "pay for school" because my family either made enough to where I didn't worry about fees or made too little that they were covered by the school. I was alone, going into the process because my parents worked full-time jobs with overtime. I'd ask for help and people would tell me to "call the number on the back" or "go to the website at fafsa.gov". 

It isn't fair that we either have to choose to go into debt for a job we're going to dislike, thus wasting time and money anyway, or working in service jobs we can get with said liberal arts degrees and get paid very little simply because we're "lesser than" on the totem pole.

Meanwhile, the ones sitting high on their horse's staring down at the menial folk who fix their coffees, make their pizzas, deliver their food, or provide their customer service get to act smug.

Thanks. Appreciate it. 




 Well, keep an eye out. Once I get something ironed out, I'll announce it officially in another thread. 




 You have a good point. See who shows up and act accordingly. See what fits for the group.  




 *Heroes*...

We distinguish them from the rest of us because of their superpowers, hold them high on pedestals for saving countless lives. They **are** different from their opponents, whom we call Villains, but only because they breed destruction in the name of justice rather than chaos.

Nobody is guiltless. All those who picked a side in this tug of war, with humanity as its prize, are blameworthy. And I'm here to set the record straight.

They call me the Godkiller, and I'm here to dispense justice of the truest order as I rip off the masks of these sadistic mother f*ckers and show the world exactly who they are for putting us in the middle of their selfish war. 




 A few people have shown interest in getting together and doing a loose workshop to talk about writing. I am starting another thread to further expose the idea and see if we can get any others interested. Further, I wanted to nail down some ideas of what we're wanting to accomplish in said discussion.

First off, what do we want to do during said get-together?

I'm stealing a comment made by /u/mike918 (hope you do not mind):

Workshop style: submit work, give and receive feedback.

Lesson/lecture style: targeted instruction on specific skills like point of view or the pathetic fallacy.

Book club style: read a shared book, but discuss it from a craft perspective rather than a meaning/interpretation perspective.

Shop talk style: writers getting together for drinks, motivation, and commiseration.

Note: We can do all of these. Maybe one gathering we could submit work/feedback; the next visit could be a lecture/lesson; monthly, we could do a book club style; and end off the month with just shop talk (relax, drink, swap ideas, talk about writing). We need to find out how often to host this group (weekly, bi-weekly, monthly).

This brings us to my next point: where do we want to host this?

I would prefer keeping this writing group 18+ in age. No offense to our younger generation of writers, but I would like this to be a pretty open-minded group in which we can curse and be jovial. BUT I am open to anyone's counter-point to this. 

If we do decide to make this 18+, then I say we find places that A) allow a decent sized group to gather and talk loudly (not over the top loud, but someplace we don't have to hush one another), B) a place where we can drink and/or get food (nothing brings folks together like drink and a meal), and C) preferably someplace that feels relaxed and somewhat intimate to allow discussion.

Lastly, when do we want to meet up? Not just for our first meeting but for all meetings. I say Saturdays after 2pm (since I work until 1pm) or Sundays after noon to accommodate any churchgoers.

If anyone has thoughts on this, please feel free to speak up. I am open to all options and thoughts. This group isn't JUST about me. It's about you guys and everyone benefitting. 




