




 Awesome! My dad picked up 2 cameras for me last time he went to Hong Kong so I can use them racing. I have a track day on Wednesday so I'll be sure to post some videos  




 I'm almost positive it didn't, but I don't play 5 anymore so I can't say for sure. The straight cuts were one of the best things ever in that game, it truly made it sound like you were driving a race car. Especially the BMWs 




 I agree, I remember back in Forza 4 and 3 when you upgraded the transmission it would actually change the sound like it had straight cut gears  




 I'll pm you later. I'm going to look at one from an s2 tonight  




 Just blew my ring and pinion. It costs more to replace that than a used transaxle 




 Yup! 




 Just going to swap it out, I already pulled it out today. But now comes the fun part of trying to find one that is in my area for sale. 




 It definitely has crossed my mind. But it's really not worth it with my car. You're better off starting with either a turbo or S2 for upgraded suspension, brakes, trans, etc 




 Yeah, it's name was clutch. Probably shouldn't have dumped it so soon  




 I checked Larts. I have a track day coming up on the 22, so the problem I have is I live in the north east so I'm afraid it is going to come in at the last minute. I did find one from an S2 locally that I may be picking up tonight  




 I was in a Porsche parade, and I was cresting a hill and it just went. The ring and pinion went and it sent shrapnel through the whole thing.  














 I think it may have been a 280 




 This is my affordable dream. I'd do anything to have a 4AGE with ITBs screaming right behind my head  




 I see you driving around all the time! I live in wilbraham 




 Is this the one I see around Ludlow all the time? 




 It completely caught me off guard. I was at a driver's meet, and the way you get to the paddock to the track is over the bridge. I looked over to the bridge and I saw the front end and I nearly shat myself and everybody else at the meeting. It was truly amazing  









 I had a set of primewells on my 944 when I bought it. It was pretty fun autocrossing with them 




 11/10 




 I never thought of that, I'm definitely going to have to try it. I have a few autocross mods for Race 07 and they just don't feel right. They seemed herky jerky and the cones make you jump I'd you hit them  




 I really should get back out to Devens. Going to the LAZ lot in Hartford is just so much more convenient for me but it's no where near as fun  




 Does Amy's Baking Shop count? 




 I'm not sure how many people use copart for buying cars, but they do have a section for cars that have been declared a biohazard. This most likely fits the bill  




 Looks awesome! Can't wait to try it! 




 I NEED that Turbo Cup 




 I'm not exactly sure, mines an 86 and it came with late offset wheels for some reason, but there was already rear spacers so it looked like an actual late offset car. I would definitely do spacers though, fills up the wheel arches much more  




 Looks awesome! By any chance do you know what year those wheels came off of? They look like they came off a late offset car and that's why they're sucked in so much. But really good job, it's hard to believe it came this far! 




 Howdy neighbor! This was taken in East Longmeadow right? 




 Awesome looking car, but the front licence plate mounting is questionable  









 I start college this year, I'm trying to get all the track time in I can before I go  




 Thanks, my dad is an Oldsmobile guy, so he wasn't too keen on letting a Porsche stay in his brand new garage  









 Without a doubt he's going fast, but that GoPros FOV makes it look like he is going at warp speed  




 I'm pretty sure they are. The only difference is that some of the Porsche ones don't have that little plastic trim on the inside, and they have Porsche written on them  




 I have actually thought about doing coilovers, I've been kind of going back and forth. I definitely like the idea of being able to adjust coil overs instead of having to change out torsions bars. I got the cage because I bought it used at super cheap price, so it was a mine as well for once I actually start doing road course stuff.  




 Alright, rebuilt calipers, Hawk HP Race pads, stoptech slotted rottors, turbo S sway bars with adjustable drop links, fiberglass header panel, I took off the US crash bumpers just because they looked hideous, ac and heat delete, autocross alignment that has maxed out front caster, 1/32 toe front, 1/16 toe rear, -2.5 camber front, -2.0 camber rear, Bilstein HD rear shocks (I have Weltmiester 250 LB front springs coming in as well as a larger torsion bar) I stripped back all interior wires that didn't have to do with necessary equipment, Hankook Ventus RS3s V2, circular throttle cam, Momo steering wheel, full stripped interior, Autopower bolt in roll cage, Momo Daytona FIA containment seat, Schroth Profi 6 point FIA camlock harness, custom billet one piece shifter, radio delete, and lowered rear end. I know I may be missing a few things here and there but that's what I have off the top of my head. 




