 They aren't spammers if they're genuinely happy with their service. 




 I've used Straight Talk Verizon for 5 years now and never had a problem with coverage or service.  They recently upgraded their $45 monthly plan to 5Gb data and I'm fine with that. 














 President George W. Bush announcing war against Iraq.  




 Watch a movie. 




 I'd run a large landscape nursery and just take care of plants all day. 




 When they come into work and randomly tell you they see Jesus in their wall paneling. 




 Boobs hanging down to their belly buttons, underarm flab just flapping in the breeze becoming rhythmic after a while...slap...slap...slap...slap.  Grandmas, grandpas, Old Aunt Sue. 




 Ask yourself if that's really what you want.  Think of all the people in this country who are overweight, because that's mostly who you'd see at the beach.  Flab, flab everywhere. 




 Wrinkles. 




 Hit them for something they did wrong. 




 It's illegal. A variety of different offenses, such as "indecent exposure", "public lewdness", "public indecency", "disorderly conduct" and so on, may involve exposure of a specific body part (genitals, buttocks, anus, nipples on women), a specific intention or effect (being sexually suggestive, offending or annoying observers). 




 A former friend of mine showed up at my house around 3:30am demanding I give his damn dog back.  He was yelling and cursing so loud the neighbors came outside.  He ripped the railing off my porch and the shutter from a front window because I wouldn't let him inside to get his dog.  I couldn't convince him to leave, so I called another friend to come get him, which he did.  I didn't have his dog because he never had one to begin with.  Cocaine. 




 "In Walker's police report, he said when Acker refused to sit down in a chair, he pushed her. The video shows her trying to kick him and that's when he picks her up out of the chair and slams her face down on the ground with her hands still handcuffed behind her back."

What a harsh video.  If this is how he controls a 110 lb. drunk girl maybe he needs to rethink his effectiveness as a police officer. 




 I was thinking a Disney princess. 




 Bernie Sanders, because I've had enough of the Clinton and Bush families. This is a country of 300+ million people, surely we can find someone else. 




 Jordi's diagnostics in engineering sometimes took hours. 




 It makes me feel better than being gloomy all the time. 




 Chris Pratt.  That would be a fun world. 




 "I also personally hired Ellen Pao myself." Fourth paragraph down. http://www.quora.com/Why-did-Yishan-Wong-resign-as-Reddit-CEO 




 "I also personally hired Ellen Pao myself." Fourth paragraph down. http://www.quora.com/Why-did-Yishan-Wong-resign-as-Reddit-CEO 




 "I also personally hired Ellen Pao myself."  Fourth paragraph down. http://www.quora.com/Why-did-Yishan-Wong-resign-as-Reddit-CEO

A bit more for you: https://www.reddit.com/r/PussyPass/comments/2y8api/your_daily_reminder_yishan_wong_personally_hired/ 




 My car.  I have a 1998 vehicle and things are starting to go wrong with it.  It's been in the repair shop twice already this year, so, I'm expecting it to die in the not too distant future. 




 You are correct, as per other sources.  I copied the headline from the source. Here's another article stating 21.5M. 














 I've been on it for several hours now with no problems at all.  Perhaps you should try again. 









 I've had no problems for a couple of days now.  It's so much less snarky and more akin to what reddit used to be.  What a nice change, eh? 




 I think you've summed things up quite nicely for many of us who've been here for a while.  It's kind of like the feeling you have the day after graduation, it's over and it's never coming back.  I wish you well and good luck in your interview. 




  I think you're right, though I've never heard of a hovawart before.   Thank you. 




 That sounds like a great mix.  Thanks. 




 What a beautiful dog.  I didn't know it was a certain breed, I'd always thought they were mixed breeds.  Thanks for your response, TIL. 




 Anyone know what kind of dog that is?  I want one like that. 




 Between collapsing decks and shark attacks, N.C. can't catch a break this season. 









 This is beautiful.  I wish we could all be so kind to one another. 









 The Yellow House, a 2007 TV movie directed by Chris Durlacher about the time van Gogh and Gauguin spent as room-mates, 




 He's been arrested in Shelby, N.C. http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2015/06/18/charleston-church-shooting/28911595/ 




 He's been arrested in Shelby, N.C. http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2015/06/18/charleston-church-shooting/28911595/
 



















 I don't think she killed him.  She struck the tree to left of Stannis' head in an awkward swing.  That wouldn't have decapitated him. 




 Neither is Tommen. 




 The new, silent Mountain. 




 [White-Spotted Jumping Spider]  (http://mdc.mo.gov/discover-nature/field-guide/white-spotted-jumping-spider-bold-jumping-spider) they can bite if squeezed or otherwise molested, the bite is harmless. Like all spiders, it controls insect populations.  




 That is one of the most beautiful places I have never seen. 














 I'm into my fourth month using the free Roku stick and have no problems on the tv.  The PC app, on the other hand, gives me buffering from time to time and I'll have to reload but it works fine after that. 





























 That looks so good that I'm going to make it tomorrow.  Fairly easy and on the cheaper side, just the way I like it. 














 How about Captain Data? 














 I'm going to have so much fun with this. 




 "Members of the district's Safety Committee notified the Baker County Sheriff's Office and its 911 dispatch center in advance of the drill so that they wouldn't respond to an emergency at the school in case any of the school staff called."

So, if someone had a heart attack or other medical emergency from this surprise assault they wouldn't have received help.   



















 "Sun to go supernova in 2 years! World prepares to die!" 




 Winning the $280 million lottery.  We'd go on a culinary expedition around the world.  That's right, we'd eat our way through Europe and Asia. 




 See over the deli counter. 




 When it becomes a drag to read through the threads or stops entertaining me. 




 My outside doesn't match my inside. 




 Can we take a break now? 




 People who kill people because of their beliefs or the way they live. 




 Fred watched his obese neighbor through the window as she enthusiastically twerked in front of the mirror and then tried sexily to jump on the bed.  Fred was train_subject3482. 




 I have Netflix and Sling TV and I'm very happy with both.  I have plenty of movies and tv when I want it for less than $30 a month.  I don't really need anything else. 




 Not being able to run and play all around the neighborhood with your friends, climb trees and wonder into people's yards just to see what they're doing. 















































































 Yes, you did, but then you resorted to being a bad parent chastizing and insulting his child.  Ain't nobody got time for that. 




 You wasted a great opportunity to share, explain and inform people.   That's why people come to reddit, because nice people share what they know. 




 Can confirm, am 58 with a scar.  We all lined up in the lunchroom for shots in elementary school.  I also had a friend that contracted polio as a young child.  He's lived his life with braces and crutches. 














 Sitting in his police car wasn't one of them. 









 32 U.S. dog bite-related fatalities occurred in 2013. Despite being regulated in Military Housing areas and over 700 U.S. cities, pit bulls contributed 78% (25) of these deaths. Pit bulls make up about 6% of the total U.S. dog population.

Together, pit bulls (25) and rottweilers (1), the second most lethal dog breed, accounted for 81% of the total recorded deaths in 2013. This same combination accounted for 74% of all fatal attacks during the 9-year period of 2005 to 2013.   

42 U.S. dog bite-related fatalities occurred in 2014.  Together, pit bulls (27) and rottweilers (4), accounted for 74% of the total recorded deaths in 2014. 




 "she finds herself under attack for her family foundations acceptance of millions of dollars in donations from Middle Eastern countries known for violence against women and for denying them many basic freedoms."

She seemed to focus on advancing her image as a women's rights advocate around the world, all the while taking money from the very countries who were doing the oppressing?   




 A nuclear attack anywhere in the world. 




 I got my mouth washed out with soap for calling the neighbor kid a shitstool.  I thought it was a doubly bad word for adding the poo part. 



















