 Flair: Environment 
























 Serving in the military?  









 Were you born in Jester or something? 




 Awww, y'all are just adorable! 




 I'm pretty sure Trump is Trump's campaign manager.  




 Just be sure to scrub his back when he gets old.  




 Only left Philly once to go to Cony Island.  




 http://deaddarlings.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/ezgif.com-crop1.gif 
























 What is important here is that SF releases the 5 time violent offending illegal alien to kill again, right?  




 Remember kids! Murder is only hate motivated when perpetrated on someone with a higher melanin count than yourself!  




 Ah, so a five time repeat illegal alien felon murdering a white person couldn't possibly have been done because of that reason but a Hispanic killing a black guy after having his head repeatedly bashed into concrete is a hate crime. 

Gotcha. 

Thanks San Francisco!  




 I thought all crimes were hate crimes. Some are just hatier than others. 

Besides, who cares about a 5 time repeat criminal who gets repeatedly released?  




 Right? It's not like she was a Treyvon Martin!  














 The second pic is also Leto.  




 Viral marketing works.  




 Yeah. But they know about condoms. Getting pregnant was just a trendy thing to do. Let's not sit here and pretend we don't both know that and cater to the bigotry of low expectations. 




 So kids today still don't understand that condoms prevent pregnancy STDs? Maybe Jen McCarthy was right.  




 The author can derelicte my balls!  




 Maybe it's none of your business why she got fired.  




 "I'm a good person because I care about other people's marriages!"  




 I want to do one cycle but don't know where to get it. Just one.  




 I remember that scene with the snake bot in Terminator Salvation... 

Not so adorable.  




 Maybe he also let him fuck your mom... just before you were born!  




 Butters promised to dig you out of the snow in three days.  




 That old guy's seen too much to be shocked by our modern standards.  




 Who the hell carries that much cash these days in this cashless society?  




 You missed the chance to say "Van-goo".  




 Maybe Diogenes was an asshole!  




 But you can! Just go around naked trolling people!  




 I believe that famed philosopher, Rihanna said it best. 

http://www.vevo.com/watch/rihanna/bitch-better-have-my-money-(explicit)/QM5FT1590005

You should give l'il Ariana all of yours.  




 And you can even get money back from the earned income tax deduction!  




 Yeah... About all those priests fucking little boys...  




 Uh, pretty sure communism in the Soviet Union stayed in place because pretty much all communist governments eventually become repressive dictatorships, dumbass. 




 https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/1d/91/9f/1d919f81ae43df6dc3b8e25c31470012.jpg 




 I'll bet another country has exactly what you need. 




 So brave.  




 I'll bet you also lick windows too. 




 Nah, you're right.  I'm sure she was actually just making an artsy statement about the plight of obesity in America by licking a donut.  Or whatever line her PR people came up with for you. 




 Terrified to say what country you're from, eh?  Well, can't say I blame you. 




 Are you from a country that wants people to hate you?  Where is this magical land? 




 By licking donuts  in display cases? Is that what you do in Khazakwhereverthefuckyourefromstan?  




 "Cuz Ariana grande saying she hates America has so much to do with music?"

I refer you to Soulsetmusic's reply above asking what this had to do with music. 




 Well then, I suppose I'm just expressing my disgust at being associated with an "American" who would lick a donut in a display case.  She's a fucking disgusting pig. 




 She's a "musician". 




 Music. 




 Gross.  I couldn't finish watching it. 




 My bad.  Forgot she was a writer. 




 What's a herpes culture going for on eBay these days? 




 You seem like a fairly rational human being. 




 She's an idiot with a panicky PR team. 









 When was the last time you heard about the Dixie Chicks?  Maybe the Dixie Flag.. 




 Kornbekistan? 




 Is that why you generalize about 300 million people? Because not to do so would hinder progress?  




 If you're the type of person that says I hate America to the country that made you rich and famous you're probably the type of person that would lick a donut in a display case. 









 I'm assuming she also hates the American dollar.  














 A klitter.  




 He creeper us all.  




 Enhance! 




 Ask him when he's feeling your mother!  




 HA! I'll give those a try for sure!  














 He dies a virgin? How does that guy know? Don't judge.  




 That's what I thought.  




 1. http://lmgtfy.com/?q=Charities+in+new+York+city
2. Repeat for every city in the world. 
3. Add up all the acreage.  




 That's nonsense. 

tp://goo.gl/maps/OBjiX

I could provide thousands of examples. Not sure why you're so going up on the property tax aspect.  




 That's not what ANY charity does 100% of the time.  




 They feed, clothe and council people all of the time. How is that not what charities do?  




 What about other charities? Should they also pay property taxes?  




 Not /r/cumsluts!  




 Autocorrect. Ever flown on a plane? 

Is it all urban area coast to coast? If course not. There's plenty of space. People just choose to live in high density areas for convenience.  




 Ever down on a plane?  




 Churches do charity work.  




 So do farms.  




 Why? They do charity work independent of conversion. Should all charities lose their tax exempt statuses?  




 It's a short cultural hop to force churches to marry gays or lose their tax exempt status, etc.  Of course, religious bigotry is perfectly OK. 




 Of course religious bigotry is OK. 









 Yeah, "The state mandated that I call my union a civil union" is totally the same as 400 years of brutal physical and cultural oppression.  




 Great! I'm sure you'll be just as adamant in your defense of state mandated gay marriage if it ever comes to that.  




 Actually, I'm in favor of getting the govt completely out of the marriage business. It's none of their business who marries who and I don't need my union approved by politicians. 

Thanks for your assumption though.  




 Oh, is he a racist? I'd like to see that story.  




 OMG he disagrees with your position about marriage. He should DIE, huh?  




 Well, yeah, if he did it. Seems like a pretty strong reaction for just that though.  




 What did he say / do?  




 Outer Space! 

https://youtu.be/giAzopSy-g0 




 Man, fuck that fail whale guy.  




 Why didn't the cops frisk him in the bathroom?  




 Well, he was white, so no news story here.  




 Yeah, Fox is the channel that you always see the police hate on. 

/s 




 https://i.chzbgr.com/maxW500/5286764032/h599BAE5A/ 




 For doing what?  




 Remember.... at one time gay marriage was a 'bad thing'.

Just 3 years ago for both Obama and Hillary!  









 As a sales dude, I live for people who come in with up front objections and defensive walls. It usually means they're either terrified of following their feelings or have had bad experiences before.  




 Where does he say acts of terrorism? He just means they are willing to resist all attempts by the govt to force them to perform marriages. 

This seems like a desperate and dishonest statement on your part.  




 LOL, Communist! 

Try statist capitalist. 

Unlike corporatist like we are in the states.  




 You're not helping.  




 Yeah, but we have Detroit.  




 China is lovely this time of year.  




 This is Murica. Bring your own.  




 Didn't see ASUS on your alphabetical list! *lights immigrant child's hair on fire so I can light my cigar * 




 Mmmm, nein. 

http://sgu-sucks.3839896.n2.nabble.com/file/n4656144/nein_nein_nein.jpg 




 I also have a Hotmail app on my LG G3. 




 Ha! No problem. I didn't know it had that vibe and thought it was complex but not a connoisseur. I'm actually 40 so maybe I need to find something better. Trying to upgrade my life but things like t-shirts are so hard to stop buying.  




 Jesus. You're a real dick! 

What's your magic elixir?  




 Some specific major examples of his spectrum SCOTUS voting?...  




 Riiiiight. If not for dat wascly wabbit Weagan, Carter would have been the best president ever. 

Gotcha.  




 (as long as they change to your opinion instead of away from it)  




 (he votes the way I like)  




 Adult. Remember something specifically used to describe those years? It was called the MISERY INDEX!  




 What, exactly, do you know about the Carter years? 

Besides what Jon Stewart tells you to believe?  














 Yeah, you did. And you'd do it again.  




