




 Me!?!!?  A week and a half voluntarily 




 I am on about this amount. I have stopped (voluntarily) for a day or 2 and actually didn't feel too bad other than just wanting to them because I had them at home I didn't run out I was just seeing if it would be shitty like everyone says and it really wasn't 




 yah  i agree with BuiltToSpil1 (amazing band too)  but i get 60 1 mg ativan a month and they used to hit me but know they make me feel normal.  I have used/abused everyother benzo and xanax is the best imo for recreation but I am not using for that anymore . I only use when I really have to and find some extras by the end of the month.  i would saw ativan is a coors light compared to a mickeys or steel reserve (xanax) haha i dunno might not be the best comparision 




 I am currently getting 60 1mg ativans a month.  I have been with the same doctor for about 6 months. she started me at 30 .5 ativans so I am pretty happy she's jumped me up this fast. My question is I want to change my script to klonopin since from my experience they last longer.  So far pretty much any request I have asked to change my meds she easily has done for me. I have also been on SSRI anti depression meds for about 15 years now so I'm not just someone trying to get high. 




 sad but true, a lot of docs do not prescribe benzos often especially xanax dude thats like the holy grail of benzos. at least to me.  I had to work up for a long time and see so many people and waste so much time just to get where i am.
 




 For me, ativan is the shortest acting benzo. 




 fuck that sounds gnarly anyways!!! i can take ativan every other day and stop and i'm fine.  this caught me off gaurd. 




 I want to note***  This all happened once I ceased taking the 25 pills so this was my withdrawl from flubromazepam.  would I do it again!?!?!  Fuck no, even if I was prepared for the worst night terrors and head trips when I go to bed and telling people the most fucked up shit just happened yet it really didn't since it was all in my head.  People opening my door and walking into my room while i'm awake and talking about me in my room while i'm under the covers feeling awake.  I turn on the light right next to my bed.  Nothing. Nobody is there. 




 I will be truthfull with you. for 2 weeks at least I had sleep paralysis. Never had it before in in my life. had it everynight for close to a month.  night terrors/sleep paralysis,etc gnarliest stuff that ever happened to me in my life.  Most scared i've ever been in my life!!!  I have 25 more pills that I re ordered from the same company just chilling here in my room will sell them, they are worthless unless you want a bad acid trip everynight you sleep for about 3 weeks. 




 flub sucks. i bought 25 took em all within 20 days. the withdrawls are heavy man. be ready!! 




 Also people say "never take methadone, drink, and benzos."  Instant kill!!!  I'm not saying never to do that but I proven that method wrong a lot. 




 LOL!!! i've had the same exact thing happen to me!! (well not the sex part)  after eating a few ativans and dozing off its kinda like i'm in between a real lucid dream and real life.  I see things, but i am in control.  I hear people call my name yet nobodys home.  This only has happened when i take benzos. 




 yeah i've been on paxil for over 15 years and I always point that out so i think it does help when climbing up the pole to get to the good stuff hah 




 As I would always agree with your statement 100% because that is not the way I operate when trying to receive benzos from a doctor, I just told OP that asking for it straight up should be used as a last ditch effort. At that point what can you lose?  




 I have found out that if you actually want a benzo and not an SSRI or a beta blocker, you have to ask for a benzo.  They will try to set you up on anything first before benzos, hell i was on an ssri for 15 years and it was still hard for me to get anything.  they are very concerned about handing them out like candy anymore. 




 Welcome to the real world where doctors can cut/take your script whenever they please.  It's happened to me.  I guess if you really want your benzos, try finding another doctor. 




 I ordered a small amount of diclazepam and I wasn't too happy with it. Basically is great if you just want to sleep haha but not much recreational value. I want to make a larger purchase this time and was thinking of Flubromazepam. Has anyone done both and tell me the differences? Would the flub be more recreational/euphoric? Thanks.
 









 ok yeah it might be a bit harder getting it to the US since it has to go thru more checkpoints. 




 how would i import from Sweden?  Seems like it would be easy to get held up coming into the US since the package could look suspect. have you done this before? 




 ativan is ok in my book. kpins or xanax is better though. 




 yeah i think next time i'm getting flubromazolam. 




 ok I probably will do that but 10mg diazapem i've never taken before i'm used to like 2mg tops. 




 Etizolam was my first choice but every site I went to was sold out.  I ordered 10 pellets of diclazepam.  This will be my first RC I have tried. I got the 1mg pills and since they say it's 10x strong that diazepam, having not really any tolerance to benzos should I pop a whole pill or half it?  Will this feel simalar to diazepam or any other benzo?   




 I can't find etiz anywhere online, everyone is out!! 
 









 you should be fine. i have to ua once a month and have used within 4 days and always been fine. 




 i wouldn't say the worst, any benzo is good!! haha but i started with ativan and was always told by doctors it's milder than other benzos. 




 ativan used to be good and work for me but once i was prescribed klonopin and then ativan back to back, the ativan barely worked compared to the kpin.  i'd say that ativan is the mellowest of all benzos.
 




 I drink all the time off 2 kpins.  I don't notice any difference in getting drunker quicker/easier.  It just prolongs the kpins effects for me. 




 Hello I have been on an SSRI (Paxil) for about 12 years.  I got on it for depression and anxiety.  It's worked OK for the depression but I have in the last few years been suffering from pretty decent anxiety. I went to a counselor that works for the county and she was really nice.  She diagnosed me with anxiety and PTSD.  On friday I go in to the actual doctor to "get something for my anxiety" I used quotations because this is what the counselor said.  What would they give me to go along with the SSRI I am taking?  Thanks for looking. 




 Looks like full dental implants. I've had the same thing done to my teeth and I'm only 30. 




 It takes a while to find the right person that you can work with.  For me it has at least. I have recently been working with a mental health worker that has assessed my situation. She says I have anxiety/PTSD.  I'm going back on Friday for my actual medical visit with a doctor to give me/ alter meds.  I have been on Paxil (SSRI) for 15 years.  Hopefully I will get to finally have a med that works better than Paxil for 15 years. The lady that I have been working with is going to come in with me to the doctor and she said "at the very least we need to get you something for your panic attacks"  I was glad to at least hear that.   




 OK then you have started the road to getting what you want you just have to play their game.  Just be careful- I found out the hard way getting cut off my meds and now i'm on methadone. 




 If you are seriously in pain and can prove it, there should be no big problem obtaining medicine for the pain.  Depending on what it is they might only start you out on 800mg Ibuprofen or Tramadol.  I used to get 120 10/325 Norcos every month from my doctor til that ended badly. Your most likely going to have to work your way up to something decent.  It's getting hard now to get anything unless you are dying or have cancer.  Doctors are really getting nervous to script narcotic pain meds because of the DEA cracking down.  I have been told this from doctors themselves. 




 Tolerance break would help. Man I noticed on Ativan my tolerance for them was up so much after like 2 weeks-a lot faster than other medicines I have taken.
 




 OK i was just on smokeys site actually hah. I have personally never purchased anything online yet so I don't have any sources for you yet. 




 dammit he's already out of stock 




 I would also like to know if etiz will show up as a benzo on drug tests. 




 and i am surprised about the Rohypnol being sold?!?!  That was always a scripted med as far as I know in the US. 




 I have taken ativan, klonopin, and xanax.  When I used them I remember i could handle 2 xanax bars to feel good.  I really have no tolerance I guess now because I haven't been able to find a doctor to script me anything.  I looked last night a few hours online for etiz online to buy but I guess I was on the wrong sites because everyone was sold out. That is why I am now considering another RC.  I would like to pay with credit and I am very weary of getting ripped off. Do you know of anywhere that rates these sites?  I guess it would not be good if I asked you for any places online to buy?  sorry about these remedial questions but I want to know these things before I place and order and get ripped off. Thanks.
 




 ah ok maybe i should type in the other words you have up instead of just ezitolam cause the places I found online were sold out and not going to re up. 




 OK I am a noob with RC's and have never tried any yet. It seems though that the RC of choice is etizolam which seems to be about extinct to purchase online?  I am not asking where to buy just wanting to know if it is near impossible to get online anymore? also how does flubromazepam and diclazepam rate compared to etizolam? Is there any guide to RC's or any more info I can get?  Thanks and sorry if these questions have been asked already. 




 ah ok. well i've been on an SSRI for 15 years now and i feel its not working anymore. 




 yeah when i rarely get em they are free with medi cal. 




 damn man nice.  I guess I just have to keep searching.  Was that the first doctor you went to and you got the jackpot?  I definatly don't want it to seem like i'm doc shopping. 




 yep I have had to buy off street - i don't anymore but I have and it's not fun. Try to buy from people you know i guess?  I don't really have any great tips as to not getting caught. 




 Hey i'm in the same situation.  I have had clinically proven anxiety and depression and been on meds for it for 15 years (Paxil) this is documented yet I cannot get barely anything to help me through my bad days.  I don't know if it's the fact that I am youngish male and look like i'm seeking drugs but I know what to say and what not to say to the doctor so I am just really frustrated like you are. I also agree that people abusing the system suck because now I can barely get 15 ativan with no refills and that is it. 




 how did you get around to getting a script like that? just curious as I can't get any more than 20 ativan here and there. 




 OK it makes more sense now and if you are really having problems its good that you have some sympathetic docs 




 How did you go about getting a script for a whole year? I can only get little scripts here and there and nothing on going.   




 Fuck!! whats your secret!?!? That's the most i've seen on here legally prescribed. 




 OK i thought you were on them since you were 16.  I am using for medical reasons but at the same time realize this shit can be a slippery slope.  Damn it I just want ativan or anything!
 




 are you a daily user?  hows your tolerance like since you started taking benzos have you kept needing a higher dose?  I actually have an appoinment on tuesday with a psychiatrist. 




 I'm all ears if you have any advice trust me dude i'm sure you know whats up.  Possibly the people you know don't use/like benzo's?  or have they tried to get benzos and been denied? I agree its a lot about the doctor you get- some seem easier to work with some won't budge.    




 thanks! no man i wasn't trying to act like I know it all!! I really don't haha as you can see since I am benzoless. 




 Yep i am familiar with the "don't ask" tactic hah.   I have been on paxil for 15 years and i'm surprised I haven't had much luck in 1 1/2 years with getting a basic benzo even like ativan. 




 i have been to both. 




 i have had proof of on going severe anxiety and still no luck.  This is so damn frustrating. 




 whats the secret to getting an ongoing script for benzos?!?!
 




 So within the next couple of weeks I will most likely be put on ritalin or adderall.  I used to take dexedrine for ADD as a kid back in middle school.  Now as an adult (32) it was recommended I go back on something to try and help with my ADD.  I have done some research but would there be any reason to try and get adderall over ritalin or vice versa?  Do they still prescribe dexidrene?  I would just like some opinions from people that have taken both. thanks. 




 About what? Not taking benzos everyday?  If that's what you meant I agree with you but a lot of people still do take them on a daily basis which I'm not even looking to do and RC's kinda scare me. 




 i'm on methadone now. been at the clinic about 8 months haven't missed a day.  I can't say that methadone is a godsend but it's helping- i have relapsed twice very early on in my recovery.  At the dose i'm at now i wouldn't even feel any opiate so I don't bother.  I still am pissed when I think about that day at the doctors office though!!  I try not to dwell on it. 




 ok thanks! 




 etiz is an rc then correct?  I am a total noob on this and if this seems like sourcing just let me know or send me to a place that will explain to me better.   thanks! 




 yeah i would assume you would of been through several docs til you got to where you are right now.  I'm glad to hear that they are working for you as well.  Thanks for the info! 




 i used google and found out most of what I needed. what i said seems far from sourcing but it is what it is. 




 Im in america-california.  I agree with you on how its got to be shady on obtaining what we need for a valid reason.  So are DNMs and RC's only available on the darknets? 




 ok i figured it out. research chemicals.  where would i go about buying it?
 




 whats an RC benzo?  i know I sound stupid already.
 









 wtf 10mg a day diazepam??  i rarely can get scripted any benzo and whenever i do, the doctor says never take on a daily basis and I get 1 script no refills of 20 pills 1mg if lucky.  I seriously do have anxiety and depression that is documented.
  how do i achieve getting closer to where you are??   




 Yes this is very true 




 This is very true.my uncle was gardening and cut the head off a rattlesnake once the head a bit him and he had to go to the hospital so yes this is very true 




 I was able to get to 60 mg fine.  After that, nothing.  It's  a bit different for eeveryone but I bet everyone will agree its around 60-90.  Unless you're body is extremely lucky or weird. 




 I do not but my friend was in Barca a few years ago and told me he saw tons of people nodding in the streets. Wasn't too surprised since like any large city there's gonna be drugs.
 




 i'd say anything over 100mg oxy a day?  I dunno, it's all relative. 




 yeah i've been told that actually.  Thing is can't you go into a doctor that is certified to prescribe methadone for pain and tell him you want to be switched from your meds to methadone?  I guess he would just have to look at you and your history and see if you have dr shopped or been flagged at pharmacies before?  I was going to do this when I was on norco and wanted to stop taking it but I just ended up going to a methadone clinic. 




 they don't prescribe methadone for pain anymore? 




 i assume your a guy. how old are you?  seems like a situation like me when i was referred to PM from my regular doc.  she had meset up 120 yellow norcos a month for a couple years so i thought i'd be getting stepped up since I was being referred. She even told me I'd get something better.  First thing when I walk in the head dudes office.  He reads my papers and his eyes just buldge out  " you've been talking all this norco for how long?!?!?!"  "Why?!?!?"  So I immediately knew I was over with ever getting narcotics again.  It was the worst feeling of my life actually.  I tried to hold in not crying.  He sent a note to my regular doc no more narcotics and that is that.  fuck that fucking guy.  The reason why I shared my story is that I feel its very similar to yours where I was doing good, felt comfy at my prescription and didn't feel like it would ever be taken away since my doc I'd been with for 10 years and was almost family to me.  So when I went to see her after the meeting with top scumbag at PM she just basically told me she has to adhere to whatever he says since he's a higher up.  Just so pissed man, one minute I had my doctor telling me that once I'm on PM they will bump me up to something better that Norco the next minute I am prescriptionless.
 




 why cause they gave you more than you needed for pain meds? 




 Even my own doctor that cut me off last year told me it was crackin in the early 2000s then once about 2010 came around doctors are like WTF we are up shits creek here because we've been way over prescribing narcotics and people were popping them like candy.  That's exactly what my doctor told me as she yanked away my script that i had for 2 years for 120 norcos.  I believe her some but she also said the DEA are finally getting they're act togother after so many famous people died roughly in that decade due to narcotics prescribed by them from their doctors.  It sucks now because anyone with legitamite pain it's nearly impossible to get something past tramadol because doctors are scared they will lose their jobs.
 




 I'd just try em. I've taken some fairly old pills before but I also had some that crumbled in my hand when I grabbed them so I figured those most be pre WWII and i'm not fucking with it. 




 I was always scared of H because of the stigma that it has.  Since we were little kids I believe that the government, media, your parents, etc always would tell you never to do drugs but I felt that they put the most emphasis on H being that it was the strongest drug that could kill you the fastest.  Anyways I grew with that injected into my brain so that when I actually tried it for the first time I was kind of underwhelmed to be honest since I was already using norco and oxy, I was told its way cheaper to just go the H route and it is but If I had unlimited money i'd go withthe pharms over H just mainly cause its from a lab so you know what your exactly getting. 




 yeahhhh buuuddyyy 




 found an OP 80 inside of a church that i was working for at the time. 




 haha such a random # of pills.
 




 It could be worse- I had all of them impacted too and  I got fucking Darvocet!!!   




 I have owned cars before that adding simply an open element air filter gave it a noticeable horsepower increase.  But i have done the same to other vehicles and it felt like I did nothing.   




