




 Skydiving with my friends. Hands down. 




 She's a babe!...Schwing! 




 This is quite simple. If you step on a snail in most cases the snail is crushed and it dies. If the shell is only slightly cracked they may survive. 









 A buddy of mine got me a job at a movie theater and I met this beautiful girl that most of the guys who worked there had tried to date. Well after a month or two of carefully laying ground work to ask her out on a date she goes off to college. Well we lose touch but she comes back for Christmas break and it's like she never left. I finally get her to come over to my place we are laying on my floor listening to dispatch and we start making out. We have been dating for almost 2 years and I am counting down the days until I can ask her to marry me. 




 Betrayal At The House On The Hill.

It's a bit hit or miss though, if you are unlucky it can be a slog or over too quickly, and if anyone isn't into the game they can easily ruin it for everyone else. 




 Google Gmail

Microsoft Outlook.com

Yahoo! Mail

Apple iCloud

GMX Mail

AOL Mail 









 Jesus, that's a nice entertainment system. I can barely afford that plastic bag. 




 Hey Apollo, your lady is beautiful. (   ) 




 These two need to work out in the same gym 









 yeah r/worldnews r/news and other related subreddits too... 




 Be who you are. You were hired on the value you can bring. Dont forget that. 




 Almost 3 Months old on reddit... I am eager to know latest happenings across the globe. Earlier I used to surf internet a lot in hunt of them and then my friend told me about reddit. Its a great platform... 




 [CM Punk MITB](http://i.imgur.com/MaUrYAk.jpg) 




 Crazy how nature do that 




 As a burglar I would totally not burgle this apartment if I saw that out front. I ain't ready to die. 




 Everyday delivery moves one step closer as Federal Aviation Authority-approved drone successfully deposits medicine to rural health clinic 









 Digital Piracy
 




 There's a Reddit hall of fame.
It's actually a user. They're u/Museum_of_Reddit. There are compiled the most infamous, disgusting stories of Reddit. 




 Good gravy, I love this woman! She's as gifted as she is a good person, by many accounts. Had the pleasure of meeting her years ago and she was lovely   gracious. I still watch her show occasionally and laugh till I cry! That was perfection 




 You gotta suck them up like Kirby too 




 Amazing photo! It's a shame this isn't visible to the naked eye, would make staying up late so much more worth it. 









 blue berry, yogert,  milk, whey protein,  blend together. 




 Yo momma 




 Still not enough for a coat. Keep going! Until then, give them lots of love and petting for me! 




 And isn't it ironic, don't you think? 




 This made me genuinely smile :) 









 How often they check their phone 




 That people need constructive work to do, and to feel like their contribution matters to someone, and their effort made something valuable. 




 Thats really mesmerizing... 




 For Californians that don't recall: rain is when water falls from the sky 









 But what's the protocol if someone wants you to spare a square? 




 So cool, do another! Now. Everyday. For eternity! 




 I get the feeling that the dog knows who needs the affection and acts accordingly 




 The joker was just trying to get Batman's attention all along bc he had a crush on him. 









