












































 I don't see the difference between the two.  Maybe Ali had nobler motives, but the goal was the same:  to avoid participating in an immoral, illegal and criminal war. 









 He defied the State, so yes he was a hero (in this one particular instance). 




 And I thought Obama ended the Afghan War... 
















































































































































































































































































































 Good to know! 




















































































 The story has 173 comments.  Do you think the readers of /politics think the story is "off topic?"  So am I correct that the only political stories nowadays that can be posted to /politics are stories about Bernie Sanders or Donald Trump?  If you ask me, that's going to make this subreddit incredibly boring. 




















































































 The man of many reddit IDs.  Gary, I can always recognize your writing style.  Keep up the good fight (from your point of view). 









 But all is not lost. Far from it. Kabul is much safer than most cities in war zones  and for that matter, **a number of cities in Latin America.**

Which cities (plural) in Latin America are more dangerous than Kabul?  Please Mr. Petraeus, give me one. 


































 And a million dead Iraqis?  Where are the photos of that atrocity? 
































































 It will end like Iraq no matter when we eventually pull out.  We should never have gone in and we shouldn't make matters worse for us or for the Afghans by remaining any longer. 





























 From the story:  "Mrs. Clinton has made support for gay people one of the cornerstones of her presidential campaign."  This was a political act to attempt to secure the votes of the gay community.  If it had been "nonpolitical" then we would never have heard about Mrs. Clinton's post because she would have sent a private message instead.  And her campaign certainly wouldn't have publicized the missive by sharing it with the world on Twitter.

I noticed that you've only been on reddit for a couple of years and a moderator for far less time.  I think you should run some of the posts you propose to delete by a more experienced mod before you act.  It makes me think that you have a particular political bent and are simply deleting stories that don't fit within your bias. 




 How is an article about a front-running presidential candidate and her attempts to secure a major liberal voting bloc not appropriate for /politics?  Are we now to the point that the only stories that are acceptable for posting to /politics have to be about Bernie Sanders? 



















 Which one?  Bush wasn't the president when Iraq War III was launched against ISIS. 

















































 Yes, because Obama has never started or escalated any wars during his presidency. 














 One man asked whether the war wounds had been "worth it." That last incident angered Porta more than the others. "Freedom is not free," he said in a 2013 interview with USA TODAY. 

















































 The story is posted at CNN *Politics*.  How can this not be appropriate for this subreddit?  The display of the Confederate flag has been the most heated political issue in the USA for 2 weeks.  Do you need me to provide you with some links to confirm? 

























































































 Cant we find better military role models to serve as examples to our modern soldiers?

Like [William Tecumseh Sherman](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sherman%27s_March_to_the_Sea)? 




















































































 "The officer, when he went up to handcuff the man, was shocked to find just the cloth there and nothing under the cloth," Fullerton said. "It's unfortunate, but you can't expect officers to be clairvoyant and wait until they get shot at to actually know what this person is doing or thinking." 





























