 Kyle Troup: The John Daly of the PBA. 









 Toy Story is the tale of Andy's Mom's toy that likes to go on spelunking adventures in dark caves. 




 Know them too and they were like if you see her don't even mention it. lol 




 That's what some hospitals give ya if you asked for a DE razor. These are actually what I started shaving with. 




 Yep as a chef I can attest to this. Pretty much the same shit w/o the fancy label. 




 We ate coffee aka the NEW Still In The Air. 




 Every time I go past paint it pops up with Simeon doesn't want a custom vehicle. 




 Yeah at customs. We're talking about when you deliver it to Simeon. 




 Get out of my head. Haha 




 They don't start popping up by me until about the 2nd week of August. Thankfully though we have a Halloween/costume shop that's open all year. 




 No 




 One of my all time fave movies. 




 She left the company on good terms is all I remember. 




 Thirded 









 V FOR VICTORIA   VICTORY!!! 




 You do not base a restaurant upon a food trend because when that trend bursts there goes your restaurant. Happened to Cheeseology in the Loop unfortunately. That "Chef" apparently walked out of other kitchens as well from what I'm hearing. Thing is though that unless he was hired the day of the soft opening he should have already known that kitchen and menu before the soft opening. With that said it still sounds like these two guys have no clue on wtf they are doing. 




 Just got it and it looks like a stripped down version of the app we had. 




 "You were right about the electric flea collar. The extension cord was a bad idea." 




 Like read a dictionary??? 




 Yeeeeeah....whoops. 




 Going to take a wild guess and say that just might be the reason I couldn't find anything on it. 




 For a $3.99 flat rate delivery fee I'll pass. 




 Back story: Got this for Christmas in 1999 from a now closed jewelry store, and no longer have the case it came in. Looked on Google yesterday trying to find the watchmaker and found nothing. 

Any help would be greatly appreciated. 














 Absolutely love Tested after discovering it last week. Had no clue it even existed.

After seeing your collections I have to ask. What is your holy grail item that you've yet to acquire? 




 You are absolutely stunning. 




 Absolutely love Tested after discovering it last week. Had no clue it even existed. Anyway with that said I'd love to see another cement truck blown up just for the hell of it. 




 Thanks for posting this. I usually get an email from tgem when they have freebies but this time nope. 




 Well at least it wasn't give me the 3rd word in the 4th sentence of the 2nd paragraph on page 5 of the user manual. 




 Ahh so the typical dipshit comment. Thank you. 




 Swisher sweet cigarillos right after I turned 18. Still smoke them occasionally. 




 Hahahaha have known her parents for yeeeears. 









 WTF did I miss? Didn't get the reply notification. 




 Went through that as well but mine was one of my sisters that was estranged from the family. 




 Now that you asked here it's mandatory you make a follow up post when it's finished. Haha 




 Looks like Misty Gates. 




 Nice try on what??? So since i'm a conservative I can't be for people who actually love each other wanting to get married. GTFO of here with that bullshit. 




 I'm a strict conservative and i'm cheering right along. OH HAPPY DAY! 









 Well shit when I was submitting it it was in the title. Damn FAIL! 




 If we could get the actual community and Workshops on the app that would be great. 




 Overcooked and too dry which in reality is one in the same. 




 Rat in every sense of the word. 




 You live in Silent Hill don't you? 




 Visiting the Gold Coast during the year? Come stay in my new house and enjoy a holiday on the beautiful Gold Coast! A 7 night stay during non holiday periods (that's excluding school holidays), Sunday - Sunday.

On this episode of Dateline Mysteries... 




 I had one of these before, and ended up having to pierce it with a safety pin and push upwards towards the nail to get the puss out. 




 With another human or what??? 




 Blake Griffin 




 Hate to admit it but had to use Wikipedia to see who the Missouri Mavericks are. 




 Been there before. Not really happens unless you start shooting and then you're fucked. 




 2nd this 




 Good to know I'm not the only one to think that. 




 When I saw the clip yesterday I saw the exact same thing. He was being approached from behind and the guy only backed off when the cop pulled his gun. 




 We have a vape shop at just about every major intersection in the town I live in and every single one of them pushes the eGo as the starter kit. Now i'm not dogging on eGo at all but that's all these places have other than one or two of the low end mods.

Have a friend that works at a local shop and I asked her if they had the MVP 3 Pro so I could check one out in person and nope they don't sell them. 




 GENIUS!!!! 




 3mg of Summer Break, Carnie, Red Licorice, Cinnamon Roll, and AM Vape 




 For a good time /r/gonewild

*Disclaimer: Obviously NSFW* 




 Wait you got to climb through the window??? LUCKY!

He pulled up along side of me saying he lost his dog, and I was skeptical at first but then saw FREE CANDY and said fuck it.  




 Welcome to the internet. 




 Beautiful box 




 Thinking the exact same. 




 Reminds me of a Public Disgrace vid from Kink. 




 Damn beat me to it. 




 Loving that black   red combo. 




 I'm thinking on getting one myself, and every review I've found gave it a thumbs up. If you get one let me know how you like it. 




 Damn me for being broker than broke. 




 What exactly are tonsil stones? 




 Shit I'm a chef and I never knew about McCormick Gourmet line. 




 Like I said we are only getting one side. Something had to trigger swat to respond other than the code violation itself. 




 It says right there in the article that the list of complaints against them is 24 pages long so please go on and explain how calling them a problem family, and saying that who's to say the family wasn't capable of sicking the dog upon the cops is a wild accusation. I mean shit according to the article at hand it clearly shows they had a problem with the police before any of this happened. 




 SLOJO, CLT V3, and Cosmic fog Church 3mg 




 Love how it's an all in one kit sans battery. 




 "Teen" 




 Sounds like a damn problem/hostile family to me. With multiple complaints since 2005 they're lucky their asses weren't out on the street. Now with them being hostile who's to say that the dog wasn't set upon the officers? Also we're only getting one side of the story.

Yeah I know down vote city is coming because I'm not going along with the nationwide phenomenon of cop bashing. 




 Disposable Blu Menthol back in 2013. Bought it to deal with the stress of culinary school. 




 Half the time all that means is somebody printed a label. 




 That ref now needs to go live with his aunty and uncle in Belair. 




 "Bork de bork de bork" 




 "You're killin me Smalls!" 




 Today the amusement park opened its new rollercoaster... 




 Now serve it w/ a bottle of ketchup, and the customer will be happy. 




 I suddenly have the urge to buy a plane ticket. Thanks Reddit! 




 Very nice consistent scores. Congrats! 




 Needs sauce. 




 Granted I could do the same damn thing with a koozie, glue, and a wire hanger. 




 Not bad at all. Good job. 




 I did for one Raw and ended up deleting the app the next day. You end up seeing the same shit on the during the break replay when they come back anyway. 




 Deadspin just hates us for beating the Dodgers time and time again. 




 What's up Batman? 




 Can confirm. When I was getting my CJ degree had friends call me fed, and still have a buddy call me Batman. 




 How long before it gets scrapped for drug money? 




 Neither are 90% of the other "teens" posted on here probably. 




 In a heartbeat. 




 Lambert St. Louis used to have a full arcade back in the late 90s. 




 Am I imagining this or was there at one time a way to get trackable codes from the GC website itself? 




 aka Nicole Scott 

One of my favs. 




 How did that work out for you? 




 Server not found

Firefox can't find the server at cached.gq.

    Check the address for typing errors such as ww.example.com instead of www.example.com (Doesn't work.)
    If you are unable to load any pages, check your computer's network connection. (Works just fine.)
    If your computer or network is protected by a firewall or proxy, make sure that Firefox is permitted to access the Web. (It's not) 




 Saying server not found. 




 Beautiful pic and full size is a must. I also think I found Bigfoot. 




 Problem loading page. Well back to the drawing board. 









 Would love to see an instructibles type site but with how to make certain cache types. For example instructions on how to make a homemade hallowed rock or a puzzle box. 




 Damn even the invisible one isn't available. 




