 Boothworld Industries. The moral? Don't call Boothworld Industries. 




 From what I've read, yes. 














 As someone who just stated feeling sick and nauseous, then reading this...I'm still excited for OP's delivery. 




 Take Off Your Pants and Jacket 




 Please see yourself out. 




 Jesus, that is horrible. 




 THANK YOU 




 When's the date?? 




 Perfect, so is there a specific time I have to do this "die," thing? Do I need any further materials? 




 Well played 




 When can I do that? 




 The feels are real 




 Being 5'2'' in a brand new city. 




 Not the greatest, but still pretty solid was Smokin Aces 




 Not sure if I speak for all women, but I think I can take a swing for them and say short height. 




 Not just personal ads. Everywhere. 




 Words right from Sandra Bullock in 2013- 

"Well, think of a bidet, right? said Bullock. Theres several processes. You have number one, you have number two, and then the cleanup.

But it doesnt stop there. Turns out the seashells are also musical instruments. You can use them as little maracas as well, continued Bullock, giving an example of the sort of beat you can drop with the futures answer to toilet paper. See, its a musical instrument, and its a hygiene element! 




 Raleigh 




 Scooby Doo. Do nothing but get high with a talking dog and a stoner, solve mysteries, eat food, and hook up with Daphne...or Velma, I'd do Velma too. 




 Only the people who know Scranton from The Office and that's it. 




 It's a grilled cheese sandwich, how active do you expect it to be? 




 Reddit...it will never die. Only become stronger through the Reddit army. 




 YES! I will be there. 




 Dammit, I owe you A LOT of money. 




 Yea, the only reason I'm not pissed is because I'm working and can't even download it for another 4 1/2 hours. If its not fixed by then...I might  




 It was beautiful. Fans completely ruined it in the best way possible. #GoFlyers 




 This is a Mortal Kombat sub. Why the hate on other console owners. We all have the same end-game here. Let's quit the hate on each other.

End Goal- FATALITY. 




 Not sure why you're getting downvoted. Fuck it, I'll go down with you Captain, have an upvote! 




 Reading through these comments, I feel I have found my people. 




 Yea, I gave up a long time ago as well, it makes laundry easier too! It's like gettin two birds stoned at once. 




 If you watch the very first movie, it kinda explains that every fighter in Mortal Kombat has a superhuman ability, that gets intensified multiple times over when they enter Outworld and the Tournament. So in this theory I would assume it would increase their ability to take more devastating hits and as you said, until they lose the will to continue fighting.
 




 Can we all collectively pick a day soon and everyone just bomb 4Chan with useful things such as knowledge and whatnot? Literally take it over, because all day today it was shit talk on Redditors how we can't take a site over if we wanted. We can, and we will. 


Let's do it. 




 Anything that has Lux Aeterna is immediately much more intense IMO. 




 We all know that's not happening. 




 Not much, what's up with you? 




 Harold? 




 Macaulay Culkin 




 Can you imagine being sunburned to death? 




 YES!! Perfect, I've done it quite a few myself. It doesn't take long at all. 




 Can confirm, great game. 




 Near Skycrest/New Hope, we're good. 




 We'd love to see everyone included! 




 I'll settle for a magazine!  




 You guys have been a great help so far, get your friends to sign it!! 




