 Shot of a car cuts to Bond asking Q "Make me disappear" 

http://momentumbooks.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/aston_martin_inviz.jpg 




 I have a two year old and have started watching more kid's TV and movies. I have a strict no crap policy (Lilo and Stitch YES, Lilo and Stitch 2 NO) and am loving watching a generation of movies I missed.

This morning we watched half of Bolt before I dropped her at childcare then I came home and watched the second half by myself. 

So what other great kid's movies have I missed?  




 This is how you make super villians 




 Fat does not have to equal unhealthy. Moderately obese people live, on average, 3.1 years longer than average weight people. Obese people who are metabolically healthy have no more risk of dying from heart disease or cancer.






 




 **My 5 Questions:**

1. How did you get into the business?
2. Were you ever asked to do anything you didn't feel comfortable doing?
3. How much money did you make?
4. Did you ever feel like you were taking advantage of the men?
5. Why did you leave?

 




 Carrots. I'll eat a kilo of carrots in a couple of days.  




 Think of all the Fantastic Four cosplay!  




 I got a response: 

********

OMG what rock did you crawl out from under down under?

Talk to the people who actually work there, those clubs are all the same when you work in them. I mean do some real research at least. Even I've done that much and it's not my subject.

You are only a tourist, WTF would you know unless you worked there.

The clubs you are talking about like in Kings Cross in Sydney are sleazy dirt bags, because the men made them that way. Australian men are insecure around strong women, so they keep them down and call them con artists. You are calling them con artists, because you are ashamed of yourself for not realizing what the club was when you walked in there, so you blame the club and the women.

But it's the women who suffer, because you put them that much further down on the totem pole of hierarchical society.

Australia has been bleeding its most beautiful and intelligent women since year do, because of forever being put down put down put down. You make everything sleazy and disgusting, nobody is allowed any pride in their work, they all have to be desperate. . Also because of idiots like you writing about women being con artists, because they can't get decent paid work in the straight world. And why not, when they get told they are overqualified for a normal job in Australia, or are a con artist for trying to not be on the dole bludging off Australian tax payers or their parents.

Australia's employment and DNA problem is because of idiots like you who have no real world education and put down women who want to do better for themselves without charity.

When visitors come to Australia they see under 21 year olds who can't handle their alcohol in the bars causing fights; really good look for Australia that is. This doesn't happen in California because the age for drinking is 21, when humans are physically and mentally better able to handle substances, and in Europe they simply have better educations.

Overseas, Australian men are an embarrassment. They can't handle their alcohol and they don't know how to act around strong women, or in public.

Write a book about that and you might have an international best seller. There are lot more strong women than men outside of Australia, plus all the Ozzy anything fans, they'd love reading it.

Get out of the gutter, as you really don't know what is there, because you are only a tourist. You are complaining of the same thing you are doing, being a con artist, selling false information.

Write about what you know, which is idiot Australian men.

FYI: My day job is audience development for writers.

Let me know when you are working on that book, I may be interested in helping you.
 




 $100-$200 AUD would be great. 

Because I'm recording in odd places, I picked a dynamic one. I'd like to avoid too much BG noise.

 




 I've a bit of gut and so higher waisted jeans suit me better. 

I've got a couple from dejour (because I live in the north and have a beard and it is the law).

Any other places with good jeans that are not skinny and low? 









 It isn't censorship. The book is freely available. It is just wrapped in plastic before sale. Like porn is.  




 I've been recording with 2 x behringer xm8500s. They're great mics but require the speaker to have a good mic technique.

The recording volume ends up quite a low a lot of the time if the speaker sits back a little or moves their head around.

Any tips?
Any recommendations for good microphones?  




 "now streaming free on crackle"

That's a depressing turn of phrase. 




 Quvenzhan Wallis 




 I have neither seen nor heard of any of these! Where should I start? 




 Boom! That's it! Thanks! 




 He's rapping about having girls from brooklyn(?) to jersey and then rhymes that with 'wanting girlies'

Solved in 20 minutes!

https://youtube.com/watch?v=atdvWo4yzRI 




 In Australia, taxi plates costs $350,000 - $450,000 and drivers/operators have to pay a large variety of fees and permits etc.

UberX is illegal and drivers can be fined $1700 




 I forgot to write down the answers. Now I have to to the damn thing myself. 




 If I ever named by kids after games I'd have a Larry, a Glados and a Captain Comic.

And maybe a dog called Day of the Tentacle.  




 Huzzah! 




 I gave away a bunch of free tickets last week to the Melbourne Magic Festival but several people missed out.

However, we have the Fast   Loose launch tomorrow night Wednesday which is free and will have magic, circus, comedy and scams.

It should be fun! 

http://melbournemagicfestival.com/bonus-event-fast-loose-book-launch/

 




 What few surprises that movie might have had were ruined by that stupid trailer. 




 The Player. hands down 




 You'd line them all up next to each other and cut from the top left hand corner of the first note to the bottom right hand corner of the right hand note. Then slide the top row of pieces along one. 

Every note would be a tiny bit smaller  




 If less that 5% of the note is missing, the note is worth full value.

I wonder if you could remove 5% of 20 notes and make a new one... 




 No. It's a con artist pretending to perform miracles. 




 Fuck you traitor. 

:) 









 When I was a kid, Pizza Hut was the ultimate family restuarant. It was Australia in eighties. They had a promotion for Tom Hank's BIG. I won a big badge saying BIG on it.

The salad bar had those bacon bits that looks like cat food.

Then Sizzler had to come along with their fancy cheese toast and ruin it. 




 It isn't a protest or activism. It is simply showing excitement and support for the US laws. It is celebratory.  




 There is no internet and hasn't been for three weeks. Telstra have been around and there is no line fault.  




 Yes.  




 By spending a sum total of 24 hours on the telephone?  




  Yeah right Lisa. A wonderful, magical plant. 
























 The man pled guilty to threatening to kill ASIO officials that's a pretty extreme 'minority alternative'.

 









 Thanks so much for your thoughts. 




 Thanks. 

I've currently got a moka pot that I use but it's splutters everywhere and is annoying to clean as you have to wait for it to cool, unscrew it, pull out the coffee etc. 


 




 What does the different pressure mean practically? How does it affect the taste of the coffee? 




 I don't have the time and talent for a real machine or the stomach for instant or pods. I was thinking this would be a nice one to get. It's 75 years old, looks pretty and is easy to clean.

http://atomiccoffeemachines.com.au/ 









 They are both extremely tidy and organised. I can barely dress myself.  




 I'm that guy that everyone assumes is fun at parties but then isn't fun at parties and sneaks out when no one is watching. 
























 I think I'm ok with that. It is just for a podcast. Most radio stations I've interviewed record down to one track. 




 Cool. So something like this would be a good option if I wanted to record four microphones for podcasting?

http://peavey.com/products/index.cfm/item/699/116922/PV%26nbsp%3B6%26nbsp%3BUSB#features 









 Disclaimer: I have no idea what I'm talking about.

It has been brought to my attention that not every channel on a mixer will necessarily have a preamp meaning I can't plug a microphone in every channel and get the same output.

How can I tell which channels are suitable for recording from microphones? 



 




 Nice. USB powered as well.  




     Id reccomend you stay away from cheapo presonus and behringer stuff

Learned that the hard way :) 




 I'll occasionally have a third guest.  




 Two channels 99% of the time but, occasionally, I'll have a third guest. 
 




 Can anyone suggest a good 4 channel mixer for podcasting?

I'd prefer something small with at least 2 XLR and solid preamps. 









 The Sheriff knew what was going on. He cut the break line in 2014, before he was frozen.

My guess is that human life is cheap in Wayward Pines. They probably have a hundred years of frozen people to drop in and then reckon if they don't work out. 




 I love how, in this high-tech town, to have a secret conversation you just need to turn on the washing machine...or a music box...or the radio. 




 The teacher refers to Pilcher as the man who also predicted the end of the world.  




 AND you guys are still sticking with the imperial system. 









 https://erinfconley.files.wordpress.com/2015/03/giphy3.gif 




 He's doing a new show this year I think. He lives in LA but is coming back for the festival. 









 I try to slip in various ideas such as 'appeals to authority' and 'confirmation bias'. 




 I think that is an excellent point. In the placebo section I focus on powerbands, homeopathy etc but perhaps a shift to diet fads would be a good idea. 




 This is all good stuff. Thank you both for sharing. 




 That's the core message of the show. I talk about the scientific method and it's applications outside of the classroom. For example, I explain Project Alpha, demonstrate a little mind reading and then explain my the original study was flawed. 




 My name is Nicholas J. Johnson. For those who don't know I'm an author, magician and skeptic who performs The Bad Science Show at high schools around Australia.

I teach kids about critical thinking using magic, comedy and sideshow stunts. Australian skeptics might remember me as the con man from the Skeptics Convention last year.

I'm revamping The Bad Science Show at the moment would love some impact on what you think are the important issues facing young people in skepticism. It could be a particular issue such as vaccination or more general concept such as the need for empirical study.

I currently discuss psychics, placebo effects, gurus, ghost sightings, pareidolia, water divining etc.

Love your input!

www.thebadscienceshow.com
www.conman.com.au 









 I made the mistake of asking "What can atheists learning from religion?" on /r/aethism 

Oh boy. 




 Congratulations!  




 In this thread there are a lot well meaning people saying that if only LGBT people today dressed conservatively or acted with class then they would be taken more seriously.

One of the key elements to the whole Gay Pride movement is for people to be proud of who they ARE. So they dress up in revealing, camp costumes because that is who they are. They express themselves.

Tellng gay people you can't take them seriously if they don't act 'more straight' is kind of messed up.


  









 Bus Pride! 




 Expecting LGBT folks to change their behaviour and appearance to make them more accessible or palatable to others defeats the purpose of gay pride and tolerance. 

Check out the movie Stonewall.  




 No one should be able to play God. 




 If you say so. 




 Possibly. The first one was 8000 and this time round I was under the impression it was more.  




 Sixteen. So if my mother buys one....

10,000 I think. 




 I save me good writing for me books and stuff. 




 If you're in Melbourne, the launch is on 8 July. 




 Thanks so much! 




 Thank you! 




 2 Fast 2 Loose 




 It's all good bookshops in a month. Plus the e-book will be available at the same time. 




 They do. It's my contract I get 15 free copies. 




 Gotcha. Yoghurt is a good option too. 




 Adding ranch? Is that something people do? 

I'm an Australian and I don't really know what Ranch dressing actually is. 




 thanks! 




 I would suggest seeing a qualified medical professional rather than a hypnotist. 




 Yes. 









 She's not claiming that there is an evidence that what she does for a living actually works? Of course she is!

If I sound rude it is because she is setting up shop and making medical claims about something that does not work.

 




 The NSFW tag made me think it was going to end with him killing and eating the fattened up dog.  




 I have never understood why this is such an important distinction for people.

Regardless of whether homosexuality is a choice or an innate part of a person, it shouldn't matter to anyone but that person. 

 




 Do you have any real medical training? 
If not, how do you justify calling what you therapy? 
 




 Because there is literally no empirical evidence that it works.  




 Glad this is the top question. 




 No one likes a narc 




 Hell! I'll pay YOU $14! 

I'll just transfer it now...oops! I accidentally transferred $14000. Could you send me the $13986 back immediately via Western Union? 




 A lot of it is lifted from Scarne On Gambling and a few other places. 

Ten card poker deal is a great trick (when done well) but not a scam.

He's magicianess comes through a lot. 




 It's a great book! You used to be able to get it from Polyester for ten bucks. 




 They're provided for only $150.

These are REGULATION grifting briefcases mind you.


 









 How would you do in a fight against

a) Thor
b) A viking warrior woman
c) a dinosaur
d) me 




 What did the extra money from the kickstarter go towards? What cool stuff would we have missed out on if you didn't make all that extra cash?  




 I bought a shirt the other day at a shop in town that only took...paypal.

No cash allowed. No eftpos either. You could hand over a credit card or transfer funds. 




 Pretty sure it's Westpace. 




 Get into audiobooks if you can!  




 Well, that's depressing. 




 That really sucks. 

The day this subreddit doesn't let us talk about dogs, is the day I leave.

 




 Australian schools and universities are packed full of super studious Asian students.

So she would probably look like this.

http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/community-sitcom/images/6/62/Annie_Kim_2.jpg 




 Tell your friends :) 




 A regulation grifting suitcase will set you back a hundred bucks. 




 Yes, Yes and there are variations which still exist today but probably not in the way Wednesday describes it.

About five years ago I shot the Australia series of The Real Hustle and we pull that exact scam in an Australian jewellery shop. There was no bishop involved but the basic scam was the same. I played the cop and had a fake badge designed by the Channel 9 props team even though police in my state don't carry badges.
  




 Bootlegger is not "violent or sorded", Jackson was a student activist who was never prosecuted, Jerry Orbach was friends with Gallo and there is no evidence he was involved in any criminal activity.

Danny Trejo I will give you (although you edited him in later.)

I think you need sleep.

 




 What are you talking about? I can't find any record of those men having 'violent and sordid criminal pasts'. What crimes are you talking about?



 




 Jimmy Stewart was born 50. 









 Have you read up on him? He's an amazing guy. He used the money from The League to set up a production company that makes micro-budget films like The One I Love and Safety Not Guaranteed.

 




 It really it is.  




 No, that's about as mainstream as Australian cinema gets.  




 This song?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZU3-xXIcIo

Is this the song? This one? This one? 




 urgh. I kept writing that googling the posters. Couldn't figure out why it kept showing me World War 1 images. 




