 I've been on the sea my entire life you see. But worry not,the story of mine starts with no thunderstorms and ten foot waves splashing the deck of my fathers old catamaran. In fact, we made it through one of those last night just fine! Sure, there were moments when i thought the wind will send me flying over the borders and into a salty death, hell I even almost got my head knocked straight of by a rampaging crate that had gotten loose, only to be saved in the nick of time by my reflexes. My ass I'm too old to be on the ship, bet that must have showed them I can still walk that hard walk and talk that smooth talk, but sure they've been awfully quiet all day today, even going as far as complaining about it being cols every time I strolled around. But enough about that, what's been in the past should be left there, even if it was yesterday.


We got off on a tiny Italian harbor, looking just like the one I grew up in. Well I'll be damned, I said as soon as i got off, those church bells look just like the ones we used to throw rocks at to hear them ring, old Augustino and I! Been a long time since I saw him too, something along the lines of cancer or other bullshit they tell you these days when you go to the doc. None of the boys seemed to care for either what I was rambling about nor all the Innkeepers coming to see how our trip had gone, they just pushed through,shoulders wide and still soaken sailor hats in their hands.


I felt not the rush they did. I was just fine with walking around and taking a look at the masses that had gathered around our ship, as if something on it was different than all the rest that docked here every other day. Why on earth do you people take such a liking in the old lady,sure,she aint no pretty gal, but she knows how to keep her head high in a storm!



All these years and you still havent learned when to shut up?


I turned around towards the ship just in time to see two familiar faces, Augustino and Francesco, both my childhood friends.Sheesh, time sure didnt take a toll on either on them, they both looked as young as I remember them, even Francesko who I heard from some fellow sailors was battling some disease he caught going naughty in places he shouldn't have. Must have also kicked the shit out of it while at that, or at least proved those labcoats were just bullshitting again, judging by his looks.


The fuck are you two doing here?Is this some kind of a reunion I came late to?



Well you certainly are the last one to come Vinnie, but fuck it, you sure did choose a more fun way to go than either of have! Augostino said that through a grin that almost made him choke on his own words.


What do y-


As I have said that, a coffin was dropped from the Ship in front of me, making me realize my reflexes are nowhere near what they used to be. 














 Riiiiight in the pussy 




 Oh fuck me,mine was away for 7 and only came back with a few Pijamas and Lever Actions,whats the luck level on him? 




 My guy just did,seems they use it around 30% HP,so you should be safe 




 I sent one of my dwellers to go gather resources with 10 stimpaks and 10 radaways,hes been there for 4 hours now and has only used 1 of each and is around 50%hp now.At what point does he heal?Is there a way to force it? 









 This actually sounds rather interesting. I will definitely put FTL on pc into deeper consideration due ti mods now. Thanks! 




 Hey,I really enjoyed playing FTL on my ipad. Which game would you reccomend based off of that? 




 That one was severely nerfed quite a while ago 




 wow, i never noticed that. Thanks for pointing it out! 




 That would make more sense, even though when it comes to terramorphous (the thing in the picture) you're basically dead if you're alone at that point 




 I think you should invest in cloaking and an anti personnel drone, ive never had trouble with the power surge but more with the breach drone jumping in and causing my focus to drift off 




 Whats up with you and everyone else spamming these trollabot requests? Dont you get thats the fastest way to get it banned from a sub? 




 Oh I had a similar thought, i knew there were 3 phases but i thought the first was the hardest. Boy was i wrong... 




 Are you sure? Im convinced that every fight i had with him at that level ended with him knocking me up in the air me dying by the time i hit the floor. 




 Now that makes me want to play a DECENT* god game



*im lookin at you molyneux 




 I believe they never ended up fixing that exploit, it should still be out there 




 Definitely came back after finish new game+ with a full squad, that finally managed to bring him down ;) 




 You have no idea what my reaction was to getting one shotted for the first time in the game, especially after not having much trouble with the end boss  




 I see Mladic in there! 









 I ain't got no type. 









 I seriously have no idea, but I think the /r/ftlgame is the best place to ask 














 GW2 is now on sale for dirt cheap,id be willing to buy any game or item on steam for its worth.Message me so we can work this out 




 Is anyone able to buy me a heroic copy? Ill gladly trade anything on steam for the same 10$ value if not a little more,i have the cash on steam and i'd go first if really necessary,just want to join in on the fun 




 Thanks for the offer,but not interested 




 Looking for offers,considering i already have it in my library and have gotten an extra copy from the latest Humble Bundle. Send reasonable offers,not really looking for much but keep it interesting 




 The lyrics i know go 'You got me saying Mya Mya Mya' in a rather high pitched female voice. Its a house song with a good beat,but i cant seem to find its name,please help. 




 1) 29
2) https://steamcommunity.com/id/LordLuka7
I feel cheap for entering a giveaway,thanks tho 




 Thanks,write my name down somewhere and contact me once you come to that point of need 









 Im looking to get into this,and considering I have very little past experience,I'll offer my services for free. Contact me through pm's,Ill be up for another few hours before going to sleep(timezones) 




 Pretty much looking to downgrade it here,anyone interested hit me up 




 That Aint Love in your Tummy 




