




 Throw a flashbang, and look at the other team.  The players with white reflections on their faces are guarding whatever site.  I think it happened with c9 in the esl a few weeks back. 




 Discrepancies between server and client.  They changed the way it worked to cut down on aimbots. 




 You quoted half the sentence.  The explanation was in the half you left out 




 dota merch comes with codes for cases (whatever dota calls cases) that pay for themselves (roughly) on the steam market place.  CSGO merch costs an arm and a leg, and has no codes (apparently). 
  
Not that the in-game items matter all that much to me, its just crazy how differently valve treats their 2 most popular franchises.  CSGO has been paying the bills as of late, and we get expensive shirts back.

That being said.... in for one coffee mug.... 




 Next time ask Pharrell if you can wear his hat and take a picture. 




 Seriously, people are a little nuts.  Sure there are technical issues, but experience will fix that.  Sure the betting lines arent great, but who cares.  the teams and players need tournaments to survive, and the only way esports will grow is by spreading as much as possible. 




 I think the group stages should have either been online, or more spread out over a couple days.  It was a ton of matches all overlapping.  If they spread it out they could have focused more on individual matches, afforded reasonable computers, and brought the quality way up.  12 odd hours of bo1's is ridiculous.  Now on day 2 its like they can return 75% of the rented computers. 




 I'm sure if they could/if there was an easy way they would.  Sure they could take skins out of the game, or make every item account bound.  But that would be really bad. 




 Plus the speculation on him throwing a51 games for profit.  They had a couple really fishy losses right when csgolounge became a thing. 




 I remember that case opening when him and his brother opened a knife, he/they were so damned happy.  Now he just burns knives 10 at a time.  Hopefully twitch stays viable for him.  Hopefully he plays cs one day. 




 Yah Its pretty bad.  Id like to think it was the 50% off summer sale mixed with the last esl lan.  Smurfs tend to buy alts during sales and an influx of new players that tend to not care. 




 Last night my team was up something stupid like 13-2 going into ct side mirage.  Our bottom fragger was well above their top.  The rest of the game we bought mollys and mollied up our entire spawn, then we'd all start yelling stuff like "Rush through mollies , Push push push, gotta guard sites!"  We lost a few rounds because of it, but definitely worth it for a good laugh.  We also had one dude shoutcasting but telling us wrong spots for everyone, kept us on our toes when we all rush market while the terrorists are pushing out apps. 




 I'd try to watch a couple pro games, just so you have some amount of map awareness.  Also play some casual, and a lot of deathmatch to work on learning maps and aim.  Don't stress if you die a lot in casual,  in comp mm they sort you by similar skill level and in casual I don't think they do.  Lots of hackers also hang out in casual.

  The thing that helped me the most was learning how to set my mouse dpi and sensitivity correctly, then learning how to move efficiently with a much lower dpi.  There plenty of youtube videos on that.

  If your team makes calls in a mm game don't be afraid to ask them if you don't know a nickname (Cat, Tetris, Jungle, etc etc).  You might get flamed a bit, but its just internet people.  You will learn and possibly never see them again.

 




 I would be a great location.  Right between Philly and Canada.  Or maybe I just want it to be close by.. 




 and all this time I thought you were JW 




 haha oh god, yea i meant sem. Long day. 




 Yea same here.  I got 4 wins in a row as a LEM and then put on a team with a 4 queue.  All their names were "Sorry Im new".  They ran to mid every round and dropped weapons.  Then they kicked me.
Then I go on CEVO and people flame me for not putting in the time getting better on mm.  Sorry I cant get better playing people of the same skill level, certainly not good enough to carry a team of goof balls.

Edit: SEM 




 Yea, I see it being somewhat similar to making a call out loud and doing something completely different. If given an opportunity then why not.  If the organizers don't like it then they should be responsible for fixing it. 




 Intel 




 I played 120odd hours, I had fun most of them.  I did vog the week it was released.  At the end nothing dropped for anyone. Thought it was broken.  Went to find loot tables for raid rewards.  "Oh I guess there are none".  Haven't turned the game on since.

I was a wow raider, thought Destiny would scratch that itch.  Like an mmo-lite.  I don't care if I don't get a reward for doing the hardest content in the game.  In an mmo raids have loot tables, you certainly dont get something every time.  But someone in your party will.  An item worth coming back for every week to get.  An item that doesn't have the same low chance to drop off any mob in the whole game.

 Without raid specific gear whats the point of getting to end game.  Without pvp specific gear what's the point of pvping.

Sorry for my rant, incredibly off topic.  What im getting at is I got my moneys worth, I liked the game.  But dont see any point in going back.  Plus I dont own the dlc's.  $70 for the dlc+tk is too much overhead for me to come back. Shit I payed 60 for the game.  Essentially this is a really long "I agree". 




 One 980 should be fine if you're running 1440p.  2 980s would be better than 1 ti for 4k 




 Get a 980 and an ssd, unless you are getting a crazy panel. 




 I think it's more a human reassurance type thing, even if they do read the rules.  Remember how scary your first build was.  If I had the internet during my first build I'm sure I would have been the same way. 




 Wow I feel old, almost said they were fake.  Never knew they released highs. Been out if the game for too long. 




 200+ fps doesn't matter on a 144hz screen.  Just play a few dms and you'll be fine. 




 I thought the nacho cheese fountain was a good idea. 




 I mean I have that headset and fine talking game.  No-one ever complained it.  I definitely would use a headset mic for twitch broadcasting though.

Have tried updating your audio drivers?  Or go into Windows sound settings and raise the levels.  Just be careful, if you raise them too high it will get super pitchey. 




 What are trying do with the mic?  Are you just playing games and communicating, skype calling , or are you twitch streaming? 




 Ah the last panel was that sketchy shenmue 3 kickstarter video that literally no one must have watched. Who would pay money for a 5 second clip where they re-used audio assets and had the worst voice actors of all time.  "Promise of a game coming out one day..." 




 You also have to buy the $120.00 definitive edition. 




 Cool thanks a lot, make sure you post future projects! 




 Came out great!

What kind of machine do you use? I've been thinking about grabbing a cheap/mid priced machine but I'd like to dabble in denim.  Dont feel like ruining a cheap machine or wasting money. 




 Bet it all on a longshot. 




 Bungie and blizzard are both owned by activision.  Im shocked that activision didnt pay a couple blizz people to go over as contract workers.  Not that blizz has done everything right.  Bu at least they have experience with mmo content  additions and expansions. 




 They have over 20 years experience developing pc games.  Their games also take over 5 years to develop.  Smart phones are still relatively new, They change dramatically even year to year.

 "Fuck android" isnt a good keynote for a press conference.  They arent a small indie studio, they can't be open about stuff.  They have a board of directors, and marketing people carefully selecting What any dev can say. 




 I think it's more the closed system thing.  On ios they are developing for 4 phones and x amount of ipads.  They know the exact details on every piece of hardware the game is running on.  It is much easier to optimize for less systems.

If a huge publisher like Bethesda puts out an android game and it hypothetically doesnt run on htc phones for some reason then they would get bad press and have their validity as a games developer questioned.  

Im pretty sure they just want to release a game that works  Hopefully it comes sooner rather than later. 




 Afro samurai for the 360.  The worst ive played that I can recall 




 Exactly. It seems crazy, I'm not gonna be the one guy that doesn't vote to kick the afk guy, or the music mic guy, or the guy that throws the bomb out of the map.

 Pretty dont solo queue anymore. Guess it is what it is. 




 I voted to kick one person each in 3 comp mm in a row.  Got a 3 hour.  Got back next game voted to kick and got a 24 hour. I didnt initiate any of them. 




 No 




 For a bit more you could get something high quality, like a ducky or a das keyboard.  For a bit less you could get something of equal quality. Like a corsair or a Razer non-rainbow.

You are paying premium for a keyboard with a Razer logo that has pretty lights. 









 It's on sale for $60... That seems like regular price.  I don't need fake currency.. 




 I love my bitfenix case, they might be a little over budget.  They are worth it though.  Sick of mid towers that look to be designed by teenagers with crayons.

http://www.bitfenix.com/global/en/products/chassis/prodigy

http://www.bitfenix.com/global/en/products/chassis/phenom-micro-atx

http://www.bitfenix.com/global/en/products/chassis/pandora


Lian-li are also a solid choice.  I'm just not as familiar with their lineup.

Edit: absolutely check out the Pandora link.  Tiger direct for under 100 in brushed aluminum.  I'm considering a new case now haha
 




 The rank you are looking at is a temporary thing for the latest event.  You get an actual rank at 10 comp wins.

I consider myself new to the game.  I have ~300 hours played, and 60 odd comp wins.  You need to realize this is a game people have been playing in some form for 15 years or so, even the low rank people are going to be much better than you when you first start.  

Yes people hack and smurf, but generally people who play cs are good at cs.  Plus if people have a high degree of map awareness they are going to beat you even if you are possibly better at fps games than they are.

Stick with it though, it's a great game.  There's nowhere to go but up. 




 The giveaways and sale are both great. A new free character vs free stash tab, happy either way.  A new pet and team up are great, I think those are coming?  But no event does kind of stink.  I'd even be happy if they just left mid-town madness running. 




 Gonna be cute 




 Really solid build,  I'm not sure how processing heavy ableton is, but you could probably save a few if you got an i5 and 16gb of memory. 




 Personally I'd wait.  The oculus doesn't come out until 2016, and the steam vr is unproven as of yet.  By the time they hit the market newer hardware will be out, and a vr ready pc will be cheaper to build 




 It will work, it will be better than what you have.  The motherboard will be a bottleneck though.  That's a pcie 3.0 card, and you only have a 2.0 slot.  I don't remember the bandwidth difference off the top of my head.

There is no reason not to, that's a good price for the card.  Then you can plan a new build around it eventually. 




 You should be fine paying most modern games on high settings no problem.  streaming should be fine.  why a microatx motherboard in a full sized case? maybe check out the full sized d3h.

also you could consider an ssd, or a bigger psu if you were even thinking about running sli one day.

seems a very solid build though.

edit: streaming on high settings might be a little iffy in an i5,  but it should be workable. 




 You're fine, you will probably need a new psu if you do upgrade your video card. 




 You can get a grounding bracelet for less than $5.  If you can't come up with less than $5 then... Save up...

If you really don't want a grounding bracelet make sure you keep a hand on the case chassis, and don't stand on the carpet.

Also remember processors are zif(zero insertion force) if you are pushing down you did something wrong. Unless you got a p3 slot processor or older, then push real hard. 




 Is it a fresh windows install?  Sometimes if you do a new build using an old hard-drive driver stuff gets really wonky.

Did you try going back and using integrated graphics just to make sure it isn't crashing on you.
Check and make sure the ram is installed in slots 0 1, it will probably be the far right slot, and second from the left. (it probably isn't a memory issue if it wasn't crashing before the video card)

Are you using both 24pin and 8pin motherboard connectors? Is the power going to your gpu seated properly? I think its 8 and 6 pin pcie power, but i don't quite remember.

If you have access to a known good power supply you could try that, it would suck rma'ing another part that's good. 




 Haha yahh once I had a hair fall in the dimm slot.. The slot melted, but the motherboard still worked, save that slot. 




 My asus p4ps8x was doa. But the 9700pro I saved up for was baller at the time.  All in all it went better than some builds, worse than others. 




 Cleaning the heatsink and new thermal paste couldn't hurt, and it's a whole lot cheaper than new parts.  Good luck 




 An r9 270x and an ssd would be a pretty good upgrade.  Or if you stretch a little over you could do a 970ti and ssd.

8gb of ram should be adequate for a while.  I guess long term you would be looking at a new cpu/mobo combo. 




 The feature set and reviews are looking real good on the extreme 6.  I'll have to give it a closer look tonight.  Are you using that board?  Maybe I'm just old, but I always think of them as the early 2000s asrock which sold ghetto sketchy cheap boards.  Even though I know they improved across the board a whole lot. 




 Sub 200 would be great. Closer to 150 would be better.   




 So I have my build all put together, just staggered as normal when choosing the mobo.  Currently I have the GIGABYTE GA-Z97X-Gaming 5 in my cart.
I only need 2 usb 3.0 headers. I'm only planning on running a single gpu (at least for the next few years.)  Probably never going to use more than 4 sata ports.
I like the idea of having the m.2/sata express just in case.  They aren't essential, but a little more expandability never hurts.  Especially out of a budget board.
I love the Gigabyte dual bios switch, it saved me multiple times with my current ud5h/ivy-bridge combo. (apt to say dual bios chips are essential to me, but i guess if something great comes along I'd settle.)

Are there any better options in the price range?  Future things I'm not thinking about?

edit: ATX from factor.  I also generally don't overclock, at least not until it gets late enough in the life cycle where I need to start pushing my hardware's limits. 




 The same week grand turismo 7 drops I bet. 




 Just noticed logitechs high end model is on sale for 50% off today.  I don't have any experience with it, but I figured it might be useful if your still looking in the $50 range.

http://www.amazon.com/Logitech-Webcam-Widescreen-Calling-Recording/dp/B006JH8T3S/ref=redir_mobile_desktop?ie=UTF8 pi=AC_SX110_SY165_QL70 qid=1431446366 ref_=mp_s_a_1_1 sr=1-1 




 I use a logitech c310 it's pretty adequate, good under good lighting, not great under poor lighting.  If you have a digital camera you could see if there is any way to plug it in and use it as a webcam. 




 I'm assuming you can speak well enough that people can understand you.

I don't see any issues,  if anything it could be a big self confidence boost.  So long as you don't mind periodic hecklers.  twitch chat isn't all that bad.  sure if you go into a room with 50k people there are going to be a ton of assholes, but when you first start you will gain followers that enjoy you and your content.  if you get big then you get a couple early followers/friends to moderate, and take it all in stride.

Good luck!  make sure you post if and when you start!  and good luck finding a comfy set if teeths! 




 next level analytics 




 so pay 2 win, eyes give a clear advantage. 




 not sure what it is.  it was at a local outdoor festival.  The owner had no idea, and I couldn't find any distinguishing markings. 









 likewise, the shop I've been going to for years told me they couldn't cut a fork and tap in a star nut until mid-next week.  Pretty sure the shops are just super busy right now, I understand them taking care of people buying a new bike from them first. 




 Surprise teams, you guys are playing on a new engine. Hopefully we worked all the kinks out.

Nah 




 campagnolo victory 1984-1989.

http://velobase.com/ViewComponent.aspx?ID=510c9c68-2312-4134-95f5-aeb828d2c1d8 




 Those chain tensioners are brilliant.  Beautiful details.  Can't wait for build pics 




