









 Is she a grumpy big kid? 




 Yeah and I agree, these videos are awesome! It does seem simple so it's cool to see how producers tweak their samples to get the sound they want. Those samples were pitched up 6/10 of a semitone. 









 What's the story? 









 Yeah and I agree, why not just hand the sub over to someone else?
 




 pretty mental huh 




 I've heard it's a bad sign when a dog starts doing that "I'll bite you but I'm not really biting you" thing. It's them testing to see if they can put part of Little Billy in their mouths and get away with it.

Convoluted but - I knew a guy who's Nan had a friend that had a big dog and it started doing this to the new baby. Not really a bite, just putting its mouth around the baby's hands and feet. They walked in the room once and the dog had the baby's arm in its mouth, somehow they thought nothing of it. Next day, the dog mauled the poor bab's face off.   

Edit: punctuation 




 Thanks for the correction, it makes sense that there wasn't a year 0 




 91 minutes and 37 seconds is in the 92nd minute of the game. The first minute of the game is from 0-1minute.

Kind of how the years 1900-1999 are the 20th century. I hope that makes any sense.


 




 Orcas are dolphins 




 When people are cleaning their teeth, there's hardly any foam and they don't spit or rinse. They're scrubbing away and then they swallow and that's it. 




 Dude your dick's tiny 




 Frank Body 




 A guy I know makes a similar product and is set to hit $20 million this year. He created a marketable brand, then he hired a hot girl to follow other hot girls on Instagram and offer free samples. Rinse and repeat. 

It's a numbers game and I'm making it sound easy but social media is a really useful tool for marketing beauty products, especially if the customer uses the body scrub as part of their daily routine. 




 I used to have recurring nightmares about this kind of stuff 




 Yeah they get taken down and re-uploaded. 

Ahh, I thought I recognised the name. It's interesting what you say about them helping to drag you out of a sad mood, they do the same for me, I guess it's a comfort thing.

I'll check out the animated stuff, watched some of it when it first came out. Have you listened to the bonus hour podcast they did, it's my go to! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALGFVxKv2f4
 




 Haha, I've been listening almost every day for the past few years. I go from XFM series 0-4 then rinse and repeat.

You uploaded them on youtube at one point didn't you? I remember a screenshot of Smerch commenting to you on a thread. 




 "You could take a bullet for the president?"

"What... and then shit myself? 




 Just snorted myself into a coughing fit 




 al-oo-min-yum 




 I walk past a homeless man on the way home from work every day and he's convinced I'm [Ronan Keating](http://www.radiocremebrulee.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/ronankeating-suited.jpg). I don't look like him.  




 aliens
 




 Thanks for all this, it's interesting! 

  




 Dude please 




 Thanks for the link, this shit's crazy.  




 How can you tell if somethings been downvoted or not?  




 How does one see who's downvoting who and how many downvotes a post has? noob question 




 How do you deliver or receive a rescue breath without water getting in your mouth? 




 Alternate 




 I think it was relief after Mabgalas cock up 




 What's the story here? 




 He goes down still chewing     




 I know it's a joke, but it seems that a large portion of users here resort to penis/ejaculation references to describe their appreciation of something. 

Look at a thread of a good goal or bit of skill, and at least one of the top comments will be "I came" or "My erection just exploded hrnggggg".

That's my observation, I'm not saying this is good or bad. 

Edit: maybe 'large portion' is a bit much, but these penis comments do get upvoted 




 The bottle into the cupboard is total eye candy 




 David Silva controlled the game, MOTM for me. City could've had 8 or 9.  




 hahaha I laugh every time. So sauve 




 Wes Brown had a great game 




 we know 




 I dont believe it
 




