














 roids 









 during fights would be better!  




 they're yes men  




 yeah, some bad press would probably be the end game here

but it doesn't seem like the ufc cares at all

plus, they prescreen all their journalists to be yes men or they don't get credentials  




 source? are you serious? you don't think they were directly involved in how much fighters are being paid? they are the ones paying them

come on now 




 They know and don't care. They have shown how little they care about the fighters over and over again.  




 Reebok is complicit. They in fact did decide how much money the fighters would get. They came up with the ugly designs. They are the ones profiting from the fighters and not compensating them. They are the ones who have shown no effort in their product or the concerns of the fighters. They are just as guilty as the UFC. 




 They have a contract. What good what a petition do even if it gets a million signature? Not buying Reebok is the most effective way to send them a message imo. 




 he definitely needs it

but who is in his life that can convince him to get help?  




 there's a good person behind that mental illness  




 Why doesn't anyone get him help? He clearly has a mental illness and needs help. I am terrified he will kill someone and then himself.  




 lol 




 they are one in the same on this deal 




 Miami Vice was good.  




 The UFC was smart for eliminating all serious competition before making these greedy moves. 

When there is no real competition the monopoly can get away with a lot.  




 if he was a lesser fighter yes 




 maybe another way of saying chewed out?  




 [Chris Rock](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uj0mtxXEGE8) already educated us on this situation.  




 get the word out! kentucky too!  




 us liberals make up a large part of their audience lol 




 I vote early by mail. It is so much easier! I recommend it. 




 i can smell and taste them in my mind 









 [Mirror](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ARAmfe7qtQ)  









 Frank Mir is light years better than Stann or Florian. Florian's high pitched voice is annoying. Stann doesn't understand fighting and regurgitates random facts and his broscience (like lactic acid build up in the muscles which is pure fiction). 

If the UFC spends money on focus groups to determine who is the best, I have no doubt Frank Mir will beat out everyone on the B team.  




 If I'm at a ball game I can't get it. If I'm at the movies I can't get it. I don't really drink much soda at home. I feel that the American market is being had and we don't even acknowledge it.  




 I have access to it too, but it's made in Mexico. It's a specialty product. It's not mass produced. What I am saying is it should be as available as corn syrup coke. 














 ok 




 http://www.khou.com/story/news/politics/2015/07/20/large-crowd-greets-bernie-sanders-in-houston/30401615/ 




 Nobody else running for president is trying to help out the African American youth 1/10th as much as Bernie Sanders. Just look at his work over the 40 years.  




 lo siento 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LtkGLk7M7zs feature=youtu.be 




 he has more than anyone else 

http://www.sanders.senate.gov/agenda/ 




 if you look at their records nobody comes closet so Sanders on supporting black people  




 considering everyone already knows about her, she doesn't have to work as hard 









 [no doubt](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YwTuKIPXO0) 









 *arena 

but I don't see why he can't in large cities like that if he's pulling already filling 10K venues  




 staples center does 18k 














 just  how  big a venue could he fill in places like LA or SF? 




 roll tide! 




 There are definitely are extreme people but they are the small minority. The largest most self defeating voting block as to be the white christian middle class family that is staunch republican. They identify with the party that governs to make their lives difficult. We have always had a pretty rotten education system, but it's gotten worse with the new governor slashing primary/secondary/higher education.  




 arizona is the opposite of this 

the big city is a bastion of conservatism and the outlying rural areas are liberal as is the smaller big city down south 




 Arizona is very diverse in terms of politics. A large majority of people are not racist. The state is independent heavy. In Maricipa County (location of metropolitan phoenix), the most populated county, the Republicans do win out. Down south in Tucson they're far more democrat. I know Arizona seems like a solid red state but that might not always be the case. With changing demographics we will certainly eventually go purple and very well could turn blue in a decade or two.  




 Sanders isn't attacking her so she'll have to play a little more nice at least for the time being. Plus, Hildog definitely wants Sanders's progressive voters turning out to vote for her. 




 and? he's sharper than most 54 year olds in congress both in his intellect and judgement 

haters are going to have to do better than ageism  




 what?  




 Carson Palmer will play the entire 2015 season without getting hurt.  




 if he's feelin' european I think he'll step back and take the three  









 I'll totally concede that you don't know running what you find out when you take the oval office. New information will change your policies. However, it seems that President Obama didn't even try with many things, like the public option. He simply got big pharma and the other interests to cut the best deal.  




 Obama got elected, except he sold out 95% and didn't keep his campaign promises.  




 He's literally taking kids out of school and putting them in prisons. Those prisons have guarantees to stay full.  












































 I saw plenty of latinos and black people, but yeah it was mostly white 




 yup, little blonde boy I think 




 arenas and stadiums hopefully if he hits really big cities like LA or SF 




 that bothered me lol 




 no they don't 




 I'm talking about 12 pack of cans and made in the USA. 




 pepsi used real sugar for a limited time but took it back 




 Vote 




 because it's a buzz word 

sanders does not propose having socialism 

he proposes have more socialist policies, but not a socialist economic system  




 I get the economics behind it, but I still wish we had a choice. I buy the overpriced bottled coke from Mexico sometimes. In Arizona they sell it at Costco even.  




 I demand Coke sell cane sugar Coke in the US market. No more of this corn syrup garbage!  




 It tastes a lot better than corn syrup. Why does the US market get the inferior product when there is the good stuff around the world including down south in Mexico? 

Step your game up Coca Cola!  




 he's not a "socialist"  









 people confuse the NBA with the Olympics 

the NBA is about making money, not being fair or pure to the game 




 what if i told you the NBA wants players to get away with traveling  




 We won't know if he is what he used to be until he plays regardless of how great he looks. 




 I really want to see Jimmy Garoppolo start some games.  














 that's just normal wear and tear dude 




 She could probably get more money by getting a lawyer and suing the school.  




  I think anyone running for that job ... should say loud and clear that they agree: We dont run this country for Wall Street and mega-corporations, she said. We run it for people.

We're waiting Hillary Clinton.  









 you the scum that back the gop? sanders is the least extreme candidate running for president  




 Sanders knows he'll need a lot of help to get things done. What bigger things?  














 No, he could not. He would not even win the primary. That's why he he's going to raise a billion dollars. 




 everyone except bernie sanders 

doesn't take bribes 




 the media will get bored 

they'll build him up so they can turn on him and knock him down when he inevitably says more stupid things 









 trump will fall in the debates 




 It's all true. It's just how you want to look at it.  




 Ask for your pizza unsliced so you can [hold it properly](http://www.usability101.net/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/New-York-Pizza.jpg). 

Have your dog and bun wrapped separately so there is no moisture to make your bun soggy. 

Source: costoholic.  




 great point! 




 trump and ventura would be like matter and anti-matter  





























 fake?  




 And does anyone want to make a clog alternative for men? we'd pay! it's like the shoe comapnies don't want money 




 Male here. I have larger shoulders, and I have to get boat size tops in order to fit my shoulders properly. I'd like full range of motion. Fit me like skin while being loose!  




 Immoral.  




 It would stop rewarding teams like the sixers.  




 Have every lottery team have an equal chance of winning the lottery. Problem solved. And that way you don't have to water down the playoffs. 16 teams is plenty! 




 30 laptops, that's a lot of trips  




 care to share a story or two? 




 at the same time that you did?  









 this is what the k800i means to me

i have a treasure chest of old texts, pictures, and other goodies on this phone that I can't get to 




 It was not the same and Dean has a better view than we do on TV or in the crowd.  




 Look around next time you go the fight or even shopping. Their girls love buying designer bags. They love buying nice trucks. Illegal drugs are great for southwest states economies.  




 Joe Martinez is a lot better than Bruce Buffer, but he's he's not the brand like Bruce is.  




 He's a funny guy but he doesn't understand fighting at all. Like the early finish accusation. Mendes was dropped and turtled up. It was a legit stoppage. Burr is just another hater.  




 Yup :)

Qapla' 




 I love Star Trek. I think earth in Star Trek should be a model that we shape our society around.  




 Cartel people have a lot of money to spend and they spend big in southwest states like texas, arizona, and california. They definitely fill up houston UFC events with middle level guys.  




 is it just me or does thomson look smaller? 




 where is your kid at?  




 Holly Holm is the female kickboxer version of Jon Fitch. 




 i would have voted for GGG, but that's the argument i'd make for ronda if i was voting for her 




 i look forward to it 




 nice, you got cartel people spending big money there 




 lil b ain't that bad, that's all u need to rethink 




 i'm trying not to fall asleep 




 do u live in houston? congrats 




 they want a break from selling ppvs i guess 




 that announcement almost put me to sleep 




 is Johnson the main event at UFC 191? if he is, good luck selling PPV's  




 Same here. He probably will get cut.  




 She's slow and doesn't  have fluidity.  




 he won and yet he has a dozen excuses  




 manny kissed him 




