







































 The data is from Bryan Perry, Household incomes in New Zealand: Trends in indicators of inequality and hardship 1982 to 2013. Ministry of Social Development (July 2014), Tables F.6 and F.7..

In Excel, I calculated the before and after housing costs, child poverty rates in New Zealand since 1982 to see which was the more meaningful measure or were they only meaningful when read together. 
























 The data was downloaded from the heritage foundation's Index of Economic freedom.

In Excel, I plotted the labour market rankings of Argentina, Brazil, Chile and Venezuela. 

























































































 Isn't the story that these indexes are rather poor at picking up change in any direction? 









 The data was downloaded from the Heritage foundation's Index of Economic Freedom.

In Excel, I plotted the labour market freedom rankings for the UK, USA, Germany and France. 
































































 The data was downloaded from the Index of Economic Freedom. 

In Excel, I plotted the labour market freedom rankings for Argentina, Brazil, Chile and Venezuela. 







































































































































































































 Spain envy the French on terms of labour market flexibility 





























 The data is from OECD StatExtract.

In Excel, I plotted the equalibrium unemployment rates for France, Germany, Italy, Ireland and Spain. 































































































































































 The data was downloaded from the CD economic Outlook June 2015.

In Excel, I plotted the equilibrium unemployment rates as estimated in the 2015 OECD economic outlook for Canada, USA and UK from 1962 as and when data became available 









 The data was downloaded from the Reserve Bank of New Zealand website.

In Excel, I first plotted consumer price index inflation. I then deducted 1.5% from those inflation rates as per a common estimate of the bias in the consumer price index for  new goods, product upgrades, and so forth. 

























































































 Sources are Federal Funding Received by Amtrak | Mercatus and my report Corporate welfare in the 2015 budget - Taxpayers' Union.

In Excel, I first plotted the Amtrak and KiwiRail bailouts in New Zealand dollars. I then plotted these bailouts on a per capita basis since 2008 again in New Zealand dollars. 






















































 The date is from the World Bank Doing Business database.

In Excel, I first plotted the Doing Business rankings and sub rankings for the USA, UK, Canada, France, Germany and Italy for all but the cost of shipping containers across their border. The cost of shipping container across the border was plotted in a separate chart. 















































































 The data was downloaded from OECD StatExtract. 

In Excel, I plotted the by gender those of maths proficiency levels of 2 or below in the USA, UK, Canada, Japan, Australia and New Zealand. 
















































































































































