 I love curry dishes in general and Indian has been my favorite food for a long time. Trying to make Indian by toasting all the spices, grinding them, etc may deliver the best taste, but trying to get the combinations right and the time it takes is challenging. My attempts at doing this have been mediocre at best.  
Yesterday I decided to try again and used this website as my guide: http://www.curryfrenzy.com/curry/html/curry-method.html  
I've always been a better cook at winging it with my non baking recipes. I've never made the same rub twice and other than the general recipe for the Test Kitchen spaghetti sauce, all of my Italian is off the cuff. Using that site as my general guideline made a huge difference.  
I seared the divided 1/2 chicken in ghee and removed the chicken from the pan.  
I had 1/4 of each a white and yellow onion in the fridge so I chopped those and cooked them in more ghee until they were getting brown.  
I added in 4 crushed garlic cloves and about 1T of ginger paste and let them cook for a couple minutes.  
I put in 12 oz of tomato sauce and used that to get all the browned goodness off the bottom of the pan.  
For spices I used about: 1/2T salt, 1t cumin, 1/2t Indian ground red chile, 1t garam masala, /1/2t turmeric, 3 small whole garlic cloves and about 1/3C of yogurt. (We make our own yogurt and it has a nice tang) It should have had fresh cilantro, but we didn't have any so we went without.  
I cooked it in the oven at 350F for an hour stirring a couple of times.  
I served it over brown jasmine rice. Both my wife and I were amazed by how good it was. Best of all, now that I understand the taste profile better, it will be easier to recreate. I think I'm going to try less tomato sauce and add coconut milk instead of yogurt next time and add some fresh veggies like green beans, red peppers, mushrooms, Thai chile, etc to give it a little more of a Thai profile (Removing garam masala from the recipe too.) 









 He may have never left. She may have just gone on the pc/tablet/phone to block him out. I agree though, very highly unlikely. I'm an old fart though and I've learned that what seems very probable may not be and what seems highly improbable may be. 




 Carlos Castaneda The Teachings of Don Juan. Each book becomes progressively harder to read imo but there is an exception or two. I think I also really liked Tales of Power and The Eagles Gift, but it's been a long time.  
It's about an anthropologist who meets a Yaqui shaman and lives with them and takes part in their rituals. The stories are about him trying to become a Shaman. It will change your view of the visible world and how we understand it. 




 Wealth and Democracy by Kevin Phillips is very interesting for following money trails 




 Irving has so many good books like that. I thought both World According to Garp and Hotel New Hampshire were good movies, but great books. 




 I struggled with Shogun and finally bypassed it to read the rest of the series. I finally got through Shogun once, but I've read the rest of his books several times. Clavell is one of my favorite authors. Shogun seems like more of a love story and less of a historical novel. The rest of them are more historical novels with the love story as a backdrop.  
So if anyone tries Shogun and struggles, don't give up on Clavell. He is definitely worth reading. His writing is tight and flows very well. His plots are compelling. His ability to put you in Asia in the time period, makes you feel like you have an idea of what life was like in China, Japan, Hong Kong, etc. And his characters and interaction between characters drive the books. 




 Player Piano - Kurt Vonnegut  
Almost all of Vonnegut's books are fun to read and try to interpret, but Player Piano really hits home for me and is still as relevant as it was 40+ years ago. A player piano reproduces what a very skilled person does. And replaces them with a machine. Vonnegut takes his usual wit and helps us laugh at the absurdity of it all.  
I work in IT and in my 25+ years, I've created my own Player Piano once by programming myself out of a job and am in the process of doing it a second time. I train corporate software used in industrial settings. I'm creating podcasts of all my lessons right now.  
But when it comes to Vonnegut, almost all of his books are highly addictive to me.Slapstick, Galapagos, Jailbird and many others are like a good movie. I break them out every couple of years and reread them. 




 99% Fake, but if it's real?  
My gf lived with a girl who had an abusive bf. He was nuts. I got between them twice. We threw him out the first time and called the cops the 2nd time. She got a restraining order and then bailed him out the next day and moved in with him. It was scary getting between them. He wasn't someone you could just get in a fight with. If you won, you'd be ambushed and if you lost he would sit and kick you while you were down. It'd be jail or hospital. 




 http://imgur.com/gallery/LQW67uT/new  
Zoom away 




 I don't think they are covered up for sunscreen. If you just walk along the roads for a period of time, you get the exhaust grime all over you. It smells and is a pain to get off without a shower. I think they are covering up to keep cleaner. They don't wear those as they are walking around. 









 IMO if there are 2 bathrooms, locker rooms, etc; 1 for each sex, then that is based on their anatomical sex not how someone perceives themselves. It's divided by physical package, not mental package. I think it's ridiculous to think someone who thinks they're a woman/man has a right to use the facilities designed for who they think they are, but physically aren't. 




 I disagree. As social animals we have to look beyond our own wants sometimes. We can't just do what we want. Teaching our kids to get along with others is important for them and greater society. If my child has made, or is willing to make, others aware of their standing, I'd get the school to accommodate it in the locker room of their natural standing, not their mental standing. That is asking for a disruption and problems. If they want to keep it to themselves, they can change in stalls like others have said they always did. What do you think is going to cause more disruption and make more parents uncomfortable, a boy dressing with girls/a girl dressing with boys or someone dressing with sexual parts that match others? 




 And as a group, we're a mob. 




 They may put him in the comfy chair to get him to confess.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnS49c9KZw8 




 I don't think satisfaction with life or finding life difficult to bear has anything to do with sexual orientation. But I agree with the first paragraph but not so much socially acceptable but more normal. Normal being things we see in nature outside of the human race.  
IMO the biggest challenge we all face as humans is coming to grips with who we are. As long as I believe I'm something other than what nature made me, life will be a challenge. I do not believe surgery makes us what we aren't. It's just a change in packaging. 




 My wife and I discussed the same thing. If I think I'm Napoleon, I get put in an asylum. If you think you're something you're not, it seems like a mental issue to me as well. But I am not a Dr. and hormones do weird stuff to us. How weird is way out of my scope.  
When I was majoring in Psychology one of the studies that I thought was most interesting was on monkeys and testosterone levels. They tested monkeys from different groups and found the most submissive monkeys had the lowest testosterone levels and the most dominant monkeys had the highest levels. They took the monkeys with the highest levels and put them in new groups. After a short time they retested the monkeys.  The monkeys that were dominant in one group with high testosterone were now in the lower range. The monkeys that became more dominant had levels that were now in the high range. Testosterone levels were strongly based on environmental factors.  
Edit: caps, changed a word for accuracy. 




 It looks like a couple of puehr balls 




 Wu Liang Mao Feng Yunnan black tea is my current favorite 




 Probably for the same reason then. Searing on the stove and then finishing in the oven. When it goes back on the stove, it's easy to forget. I try to keep a hot pot holder on top so I remember. 




 Similar screw up on my part too. I was making beef stew with beef shanks so I cooked the beef at 225 for about 2 hours in the oven. Mistake one was using the fry pan I would then be making the final dinner in, to slow cook the shanks. Mistake two was grabbing the pan by the handle to brace for stirring in the roux once I moved it to the stove top. It wasn't just a touch either. It was full on grab to move it. Arghh 




 I drained the bacon fat into an empty cat food container so I could throw it away. But then I was searing some meat and decided to add the bacon flavor from the oil in instead of just using new oil. As I was cleaning up I realized what I did when I picked up the 1/2 empty container of cat food/bacon grease to throw it out.  
I didn't tell my wife what I did until we had finished dinner. Dinner was purrfect. ;-p 




 Yunnan Black Gold from Yunnan Sourcing is inexpensive and excellent. Another strong Yunnan from them would be their Traditional Process Diang Hong black tea of Feng Qing. All of their black Yunnan's have a unique character though and you may find one you like even more. 




 Haven't you read about the meth problem in Appalachia? 




 I feel sorry for people who have never been in a relationship where the sex is so good it blinds you to everything else. I imagine a lot of us can remember at least one person we loved until the sex turned bad or became boring. Was it real love? I'm not sure what real love is. It's more subjective than objective and comes in many flavors. 




 I imagine she's hot and the sex is good so it's tough to see past your 3rd eye. She appears to like it with others too and sets stuff up while setting stuff up with you. If you're into group stuff, you may have found a mate. If you're into open relationships, you may have found a mate. If you both think you're hot and look good together, maybe you've found your mate.  
If you want to find your life companion, maybe have a family, then you should look elsewhere. She sees you as a rental, no harm in doing the same till you can find someone to keep. 




 When you go there, there is as much variety as there is almost anywhere.  




 The girl in the fern bikini is incredible 




 I liked lures too much. Using corn and bread makes me feel like I am fishing for pan fish like sunnies and blue gill. Since I wouldn't eat anything out of the lake, I was just sport fishing and doing catch and release. I've caught too many fish out there with sores and lesions to eat them. For eating fish we'd go up to Canada and fly into a lake. I think we almost brought more fish back than it cost us for the trip. 




 I had a 22' Sting Ray and putting it in for the first time and choosing Anchor Bay was a bad idea. I almost swore off St. Clair after our first excursion. I used Metro Beach for the next 2 years and liked that a lot more. It's an excellent Bass and Muskie lake but the weeds can be a challenge for sure. 




 Sort of an odd philosophical question; how many wasps can breed on the head of a screw. 




 In Lake St. Clair some of the best fishing is in the channels connecting to the St. Clair river. It's tough to fish from shore in those channels and the best bass and muskie fishing is in the weeds you cannot get to from shore casting. 




 I thought most carp was taken by snagging in the US. It's not really a sport fish here. 




 I wonder how many times it blew away before they finally found the right weight with the 4th layer. ;-p 




 I should say I am not an expert. Just a very particular meat eater who has found the right combination of marbling for my taste.  




 My pleasure. Here's an example with strip steaks:  
http://www.ngngsports.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/NY-Strip-Steaks.jpg Decent strip steaks  
http://neesvigs.co/wp-content/uploads/173300VC.jpg Really nice strip steak. It's bone in, but the same cut. 




 You're correct. I should have also mentioned looking out for the silver skin you find in some cuts. Even decent ones.  
How is silver skin different than collagen? It seems to serve similar anatomical purpose?

 




 You know how some fat breaks up into little chunks once they are separated from the meat? That's marbling and adds flavor and tenderness. Then you have the lines that divide meat and looks like gristle. That is not tender, doesn't add flavor like marbling and does not break down as easily from cooking. And last is the fat in like Chuck roasts, briskets, etc that will break down when cooked real slow at a low temp. High temp cooking tightens that and makes it tough.  
At the basic level, fat is white, gristle and unwanted fat is typically more opaque. It also looks like you could poke your finger in fat. There is no way you poke your finger through gristle.  
I look for steaks with nice marbling and little or no gristle separations which you can even find on Delmonico's or other nice steak cuts. 




 delectable - Black Yunnans 




 I thought it was someone who liked 1/2 goat and 1/2 man gods.  
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pan_(god) 




 Hopefully he will be able to make his Modesty Blaise movie(s) before he quits. Peter O'Donnell's Modesty Blaise books are screaming to be turned into movies. They would blow the Bond movies out of the water and have as much of a cult following for generations as the Bond movies have. 




 Have you read Kafka's Metamorphosis? It's short and so weird you just have to keep going. The Castle is also really interesting by him.  
If you can find Peter O'Donnell's Modesty Blaise books, you will not be disappointed. The characters and plots are extremely good. He develops the best bad guys I have ever seen by an author. Think of Ian Fleming with better characters, plots and writing. That's O'Donnell. 




 Kimi has the best sound bites by far 




 I like getting tea from people who live or travel to the area and develop a relationship with growers. If you were able to get good partners in areas where the big tea markets are in China, India, Taiwan, etc it may accomplish the same thing.  
IMO buying an unknown in bulk is risky. When trying new companies, I've given more of their product away after trying it, than I've kept. I'm currently only getting tea from 4 sites. 1 of them is sort of iffy still and another is extremely expensive.  
Edit: I also think it's sort of a Catch 22 if you just try to buy in bulk based on information you get online or over the phone. The teas you know are good and people would readily buy in bulk, like Lingia or Steinthal estate Darjeeling have too much competition. Finding the little tea farm gems have too much competition on the ground. The owner of the tea shop I went to in Taipei went to tea markets and competitions and talked to growers to find the product he wanted. How do you compete with someone like that who is selling online too? There is no middle man between them and the grower. Every step in the chain of sales adds cost and reduces your profit.  




 The Big Green Egg is a ceramic grill with nice temp controls through the two vents. For the most part, once I have it running smooth at 225, it will stay at that temp until I start running low on fuel.  Typically it will be down to about 195 or 200 in the morning so I check the meat temp and then add enough wood to get me through the remaining time and get it back to 225.  
I'm actually more worried about someone stealing the meat in the middle of the night because you can smell the smoke a block or more away. 




 As someone who worked in pizza places, you don't even want to know what happens behind the scenes. It's far worse than anything I ever saw in normal sit down restaurants. 




 I like the look of confusion on people's faces in my classes when I say it's a PEBCAC issue. Then I get the smirk when I tell them; problem exists between computer and chair. 




 Brisket on the Big Green Egg. It goes on Friday night and comes off sometime on Saturday. Sliced brisket on Saturday, Recook the top of the brisket on Sunday and BBQ those fatty little goodies, carnitas on Monday, BBQ beef sandwiches until it's gone. 




 Think of it as a pork chop cut along the bone. 




 IMO temp is secondary. My pork shoulders and briskets are done when the thermometer goes into the meat like it is butter. That may happen as low as 185 or as high as 205. I agree that cooking to time is not effective. Each piece of meat that size, cooks at its own rate. 




 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Restructured_steak  
I've been served these at a restaurant. Binding different cuts together and calling it steak. I guess it is one step up from having meat like I see in some countries. I never order something called meat from a menu. I can only imagine what generic meat means. 




 Winter People  
They leave the ending for you to figure out.  
No, you wrote the story, you write the ending. Arghh 




 Hopefully the people will yell louder about having their tax dollars pay off the banks who made bad investments. If Chase makes bad investments in their drive for profit, I am not in any way liable for those debts. Unfortunately in our day, the govs pay off those bad investments and give them no reason to not behave the same way in the future. We paid off their bad risks and the same happened throughout the western nations. 




 http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81LJ5rvxdzS._SX425_.jpg  
I use this at home and at work. I have a screen and plastic net strainer too, but imo the WMF one is the best. It is easy to clean, it seldom lets tea debris out and it is a nice size. 




 I read that if a container gets real hot in the microwave it is either not intended for microwaves or it has lead in it. 




 France and Germany wanted to sell lots of military hardware to Greece and a previous administration was happy to take their loans to expand their military. When the German and French banks failed because they made bad investments (like lending money to Greece to build up a huge military), the govs paid off the banks and took on the debt. In the past, the bank would have to cover their bad investments. With banks controlling most politicians, that was no longer an option. Our tax dollars paid off their bad investments and allowed them to continue playing the same game. Privatize profits and have govs and tax payers pick up their losses. What a game, what a scam. 




 Formula 1 and college football is the only reason we still have cable. We have WOW though and they are a lot better than the big players. We also have Encore so I can watch commercial free movies, but that isn't enough to make me keep cable. 




 Dansko's. I train sw and I can be on my feet for 8-12 hrs straight. Their shoes made a huge difference in how my feet feel at the end of the night. They sold me on them by telling me they are one of the most popular shoes for people who work in the emergency room and are on their feet all day too. 




 Almost everything by the Grateful Dead, Dave Mason and Neil Young have better live versions than the studio versions. 




  Hell Freezes Over

The Eagles took off when they got Joe Walsh. I always felt he was so underrated. 




 You constantly read about our perceived enemies and their human rights abuses and all the crap being spewed from our politicians mouths about Venezuela, Iran, etc. Rarely if ever do we hear the politicians complaining about human rights by the dictators around the world who we support.  
This article is in a Venezuela paper. Can you show a paper from Riyadh mentioning the human rights abuses the Saudis are doing? Have we ever used their human rights abuses as an excuse to overthrow their gov like we do with Venezuela?  
I guess what would have been more accurate to say is how well publicized the abuses in nations we dislike, is the opposite of how well publicized they are in our friends nations. I do occasionally find articles about human rights abuses in our friends nations, but far more often about the human rights violations in nations we want to see a change in leadership from. It is a tool they use when convenient, that is ignored when it's not convenient. Compare the rhetoric about Venezuela from our politicians and compare that to the rhetoric about Saudi human rights. The one is a whisper, the other is screamed from the roof tops with a loudspeaker.   
 




