




 Good reporting. I wish more American journalists were as on the ball as this one. 




 Definitely hit this place: [Il Gelato Di Carlotta ](http://www.yelp.com/biz/il-gelato-di-carlotta-niagara-on-the-lake-2). I've been working my way through their flavors for a while now and have yet to have one that isn't amazing. 




 So I take it he couldn't understand when his losing competitor told him: "Va chier!" ? 




 Great track. 



















 I debated whether or not to post it here but figure it just about squeezes into a broad definition of psych if for no other reason than because of the Book of Revelations mention! The echo and fuzz bass works for me too. 





























 The problem with this theory is that it gives the Democrats way too much credit. I don't think they're smart enough to hatch such a scheme. 




 Agreed. 














 You mean if Yuan to know? 



















 Communism as it has come to be known - identified with a heavy state apparatus - I agree that form of Communism is incompatible with what I understand Anarchism to be. But the original conception of communism in literature like Bakunin is much less contradictory. Basically, given the freedom to choose how people want to live their lives, they will tend to gravitate towards a loose collectivism. There are many ways this can manifest, from unions to communes and even to corporations in some models. So I don't think we necessarily disagree on our aims so much as on terms and how they're understood. 




 This is my chance! Skynet ends here! 









 Or because Google maps had them so hopelessly lost that they had begun to enter into a blind panic. 





























 Jog on with your anti-Jewish bullshit. I'm not interested. That wasn't the point of my post and I don't appreciate you trying to turn it into some Jew hating thread. 




 Your point? 




 Good night. 




 But surely something in your past experience has led you to this conclusion. Something has contributed to this sense that Chris Hedges is Libertarian. I'd love it if you could share that wonderful wealth of experience that has brought you to this moment in your intellectual journey. I might benefit from your insights. 




 Maybe one or two other places. Just maybe.  









 Sure. Which ones?  




 No. I wasn't getting an argument started about who is or isn't a liberal. My question is quite literal: which of Chris Hedges's ideas do you feel come from libertarian think tanks. I am genuinely interested.  




 Which ideas of his in particular do you think come from libertarian think tanks. I'm genuinely interested in your perspective. 




 I wouldn't call him libertarian in the way the word is used in the US. I would call him more an anti-authoritarian. 





























 Here's a list of raids and seizures and other forms of suppression for mostly energy technology: http://www.cco.net/~trufax/online/11/energy2.html

Plus this website: [Directory:Suppression](http://peswiki.com/index.php/Directory:Suppression)

And a couple of books, 1) [Energy Invention Suppression Cases ](http://www.theorionproject.org/en/documents/Gary_V.pdf) and 

2) The Hunt for Zero Point is a good read. I think some of it may be exaggerated but a lot of tremendous and verifiable info comes out. It was written by Nick Cook who was a writer for Jane's Defense Weekly. I suspect a bit of disinfo came his way but he also did a great deal of legwork on that book. Here's a link: [The Hunt for Zero Point](http://vielewelten.at/pdf_en/the%20hunt%20for%20zero%20point.pdf)

Get into Tesla and research centered around his work and very soon you will find scientists and inventors who have extremely disturbing tales of their equipment being seized by "government officials". 

An early example of this suppression is [Thomas Townsend Brown](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Townsend_Brown) whose work with ionic propulsion lifters was suppressed through different means. Another article on him: [Antigravity on the Rocks - The T. T. Brown Story ](http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/ciencia/supressed_inventions/suppressed_inventions25.htm)
And of course the lifters themselves: [lifters](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uF8otSSPgdA). These devices are common at science fairs but it is hotly debated what is causing them to work. Some claim it is an example of "ionic wind" while others claim it is a form of anti-gravity. I have no idea though there are reasons why it might not be ionic wind lifting these contraptions. 




 Divide and conquer still works a treat. 




 She's definitely not against posing nude. I think she said she's against being pressured to pose nude so others could profit off of it. I don't think her website is for profit. It's actually an interesting site talking about body image. I like her, she has a lot of guts. 









 There likely is a great deal of pressure behind the scenes from the Americans. I think there is a lot of ambivalence about the US military's presence in Japan. Okinawa regularly has strong protests against the bases there.  




 The culture of non-aggression is still extremely strong amongst the Japanese people, they have absolutely no appetite - aside from a small minority of right wing nationalists - for any move to expand their defense operations outside of Japan. Japanese politicians have been trying to become more active internationally for years including sending a token number of soldiers to Iraq. Each time the Japanese people have pushed back.  









 This one's pretty good too: [Kennedy at American University 1963](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41xJiEPuAhg) 




 What ever happened to rabble rousers? No one ever seems to get called that anymore. 














 It jumped the shark for me when it went to glossy. I miss the old newspaper style. 




 I've always wanted to see one in the wild. In case you missed this, a Pine Marten got loose during a soccer game last year in Switzerland biting one of the players: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m5CholqTZ3Q 









 I should have known you watched Game of Thrones from the pikes reference. It's seeping into your political consciousness. 




 No probz. Silicon Valley is one of the best things in years. Mike Judge does it, same guy who did Office Space. And if you can't afford HBO, try Kodi and use an addon called Genesis. That'll sort you out. 




 Oh I've come across so many references and stories about government operatives showing up at people's homes, businesses, and research labs in order to seize tech they were developing.  




 They could try [Middle Out Compression](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uFYy3oEnzVg)! 




 It certainly works for me! We might run out of pikes though. 




 Haven't seen that in years. It still makes me laugh! 




 I think they're more effective than it seems on TV. They have a huge influence on what politicians feel able to do or no do. The main weapon for any group that is agitating against a government or military is its power to organize. The Greeks on both sides are highly organized in ways Americans in both the Tea Party and Occupy were not. It's not really about tactics so much as strategy. 




 Don't know about guns, but lots of Molotov cocktails as well as bricks and rocks. There are two camps leading the charge in Greece, the extreme right called the Golden Dawn who are anti-immigrant and the extreme left who are Anarchist. What spices things up is the fact that ordinary people and a lot of pensioners get involved in the fighting. And I mean fighting, not photo ops or whatever. This stuff is intense. A good site for looking at Anarchist tactics including the infamous Black Block  is subMedia from Montreal where they have been and still are extremely active (Warning: link is for an Anarchist site that advocates some level of street violence): http://www.submedia.tv/stimulator/# 




 I'm inclined to agree. Private industry has a history of buying up promising technology and sitting on it. 




 It doesn't allow a range of articles that discuss topics in a deep way. It separates out analysis and that means their definition of news only allows for immediate, superficial readings of the news. An article about poverty isn't allowed because it is considered "opinion" but it is very hard to have an article that conforms to their standards and rules that tells the story of poverty. You can say that other subs allow for opinion or analysis, but in reality, no one goes to those. This is a form of systemic censorship. Plus they absolutely do censor some topics such as articles about new findings regarding glyophosphates or articles arguing against vaccinations even if these conform to the rules of worldnews. 




 That's interesting. Watched a documentary called Berkeley in the Sixties that said the school was pretty conservative before students became active in the Civil Rights movement. The response of UC Davis students a few years ago after the pepper spray incident against student protestors reminded me a bit of the Free Speech Movement. Brilliant response, they lined the route from the chancellor's office to her car and stood quietly: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8775ZmNGFY8 




 I'm interested in that and Voat, but I hate to think we all get isolated on the dying internet from the majority of people who rarely get to hear alternative explanations of how the world works. Every now and then, someone stumbles in here and has a kind "What's happening here?" kind of reaction. That's why I'm still coming onto reddit. That and the shills who are - aside from everything else - highly entertaining. 




 Sorry Father for I have sinned. I haven't had my dinner yet. 




 People getting their news from those subs aren't exposed to any kind of meaningful analysis or alternative voices simply because they decided to separate those articles into a separate section which no one goes to. It keeps everyone trapped in the immediate present which is a kind of prison. 




 I'm actually optimistic  - uncharacteristically for me - about clean energy technology in the pipeline. Who knows, it just might work. One day we might even get nostalgic for smog. 




 We had a disagreement over what should constitute "news". I kept reposting. They kept deleting it.  I'm sick of them, they basically only allow sensationalistic stories about car bombs interspersed with asshole politicians shaking hands. The news on reddit is mind numbing once you leave Conspiracy. 




 Oil's old hat. Nowadays it's all about water. 









 Yes, it definitely is driven by systemic factors. The publishing industry dumbed down as it became driven by the profit motive which happened because of consolidation by corporations of the traditional, much more experimental publishing houses. The problem for publishing and for anyone at all intellectual is that this has created a reality where people are no longer able to think as deeply as before. For example, I liked a lot of the kids at Occupy Wall Street but found very few of them could articulate the deeper issues plaguing society. Compare that to a protestor from the sixties like Mario Savio who was just immensely articulate, giving the speech on top of a police car in Berkeley where he said: "There is a time when the operation of the machine becomes so odious, makes you so sick at heart, that you can't take part; you can't even passively take part, and you've got to put your bodies upon the gears and upon the wheels, upon the levers, upon all the apparatus, and you've got to make it stop. And you've got to indicate to the people who run it, to the people who own it, that unless you're free, the machine will be prevented from working at all!" 




 Spot on. That's why I posted this as news. She's not just a musician bitching about other famous people. She has always had integrity and deserves respect. She threw out her career by doing that protest. 




 I doubt it! Somehow I don't think this is the secret to longevity: not avoiding smoking but starting REALLY early. 




 I would but they just banned me 30 minutes ago! 




 Great article about her if anyone is interested:
[Baby Peggy](http://www.theguardian.com/film/2015/may/23/i-spent-most-of-my-life-as-a-nobody-the-last-of-the-silent-movie-stars) 



















 Good point. I guess the question is what is the primary objective of the people who run this place, profit or disinformation? I keep posting this link because I want as many people to see it and be aware as possible: [Alexis and Stratfor](https://search.wikileaks.org/gifiles/?viewemailid=282044) 




 I don't know. I've just come across it myself. 




 Exactly. They can censor the crap out of this place by messing with the algorithm and making us completely isolated. They don't have to have a big stand off out in the open, they'll just watch us bleed to death. It's absurd how much reddit has been carved up and its components segregated from one another. This disturbs me more than anything, it's the new model of censorship.  




 I think what they'll do is try to force policy changes thus sucking the life out of the sub. Probably it will be a slow death over a few years. It already feels like a "free speech zone" where we can exercise our Constitutional rights safely out of view of people who might be offended by that. 














 Agreed. People my age had it good with music. It's still out there if people dig for it, but mainstream culture is pretty dire. 




 I wouldn't be 100% sure about that. I think the people who run reddit are now making some draconian decisions which are guided entirely by profitability. They simply don't care about free speech. They aren't interested in fostering any kind of community or encouraging enlightened discourse. The people at the top are greedy, Machievellian schmucks. 














 No, this is the woman who tore a picture of the Pope in order to protest pedophilia in the church. She destroyed her chances of appearing on TV again so she could stand up for her beliefs on a massive, sickening issue. As opposed to trying to grovel for more press attention. Some people are media whores, and other people are heroes who have immense moral strength.  




 I haven't cared about Rolling Stone since Lester Bangs died. 














