 Why exactly, though? 




 Yes, of course there are such people. 




  His stance on the deal is defiant.

Actually, doesn't he agree with this deal? 




 Yep. :) 




 Oh sure, I think that FDR knew that he was near death for a while; however, he unfortunately could never relax due to the fact that we needed his leadership in World War II right up to his death. 




  I believe even more that we need to try something, and this deal is the best thing we can get.

Completely agreed. 




 What is your ethnos, though? 




 Yes. 




 An outright invasion of Iran? 




 Thanks. :)

God, a majority of Americans really is stupid. :( 




 Thanks for clarifying this. :)

Also, if you don't mind me asking, how old are you? 




 Agreed. 




 I think that you made a double-post here. 




 Agreed; after all, if Bush would have said back in 2003 that Kyrgyzstan was developing WMDs and/or nuclear weapons, then a majority of Americans might have believed him. :( 




 A majority? Source, please? 




 Weren't Jews only 10% of Poland's population back then, though? 



















 Focus on the story rather than on the messenger, though. 




  and its possible there wouldn't even have been an Afghan War,

Can you please elaborate on this part? 




 The soup is in Strasbourg, but you need a German visa to travel there beforehand. ;) 




 A.D.? 




 It doesn't happen here in the U.S., though (well, at least not since the 1692 Salem witch trials, which was before we declared independence from Britain). 









 If so, then Germany will still end up a literal shell of its former self after the end of this war, which in turn will make this victory a Pyrrhic victory of epic proportions for Germany. After all, France, Britain, the U.S., and Russia all have *a lot* of nuclear weapons which they probably wouldn't hesitate to use against Germany if necessary. 




 The Golan Heights look awfully tempting, though. 




 I think that Israel will be able to defeat a built-up Syria, though; after all, Israel previously managed to do this in 1948-1949, 1967, and 1973. 




 Agreed. 




 Exactly which lost film do you most badly want rediscovered?

Any thoughts on this? 




 You can obviously dispute whether, say, 5.5 or 6.0 Jews died during the Holocaust; however, what you can't dispute is that most European Jews died during the Holocaust due to a deliberate Nazi policy to exterminate all or almost all of the Jews under their control. 




 The Holocaust obviously happened; are you a Holocaust denier, or what? 
























 Actually, the U.S. was 10 years old when he was born. :) 



















 Anyway, this question is pretty simple--would you agree to let Israel permanently keep the Golan Heights in exchange for Israel paying for Syria's reconstruction (after Syria's civil war, obviously)?

Any thoughts on this? 




 What do you think that the future of the Eurasian Union will be? Exactly which countries do you think will join the Eurasian Union in the future?

Any thoughts on this? 









 Disagreed. 









 It's still better than being dead, though; after all, you don't see Martin Bormann's children committing suicide, do you? 




 I'm honestly not sure, to be honest with you. 









 So how exactly do I fix this? 



















 A duck? Why a duck? 














  If you haven't seen it, you should definitely check it out.

Will do! :) 




 Yep. :) 














 Frankly, you should have watched some anime on Netflix instead. ;) 




 Please elaborate on this. 









 Yep, unfortunately. :( 




 Frankly, I wonder if there would have been more if it wasn't for World War I breaking out. 









 Thanks for sharing this info! :) 












































 Unless (God forbid) some Muslim terrorist retaliates by attacking them  for this. :( 












































 Fair enough, I suppose; that said, though, didn't Clinton have some sort of plan to fight al-Qaeda at the end of his Presidency that Bush Jr. ignored? 









 Yep. :) 









 No us, but apparently the Italians do (or did). 




 But he didn't do anything about this threat afterwards (as in, before 9/11), correct? 









 I hope that you don't mean that literally. ;) 









 Yep! :) 




 Yep; completely agreed. :) 









 Indeed, several years after he got released, he finally became a good Nazi, if you catch my drift here. ;) 




 On the bright side, though, at least he died several years after he got released. :) 









 Yeah, it was definitely a mistake to release him. :( 









 I guess that this shows that the only good Nazi is a dead Nazi. :) 









 What I am wondering, though. is if Gore would have been likely to do anything before 9/11 (such as increasing airport security) which would have prevented 9/11 from occurring in the first place. 




 You might be correct in regards to this; of course, what I am wondering is if Romney would have focused more on bombing ISIS or on helping Ukraine fight against Russian-backed rebels. 









 Yes, because the U.S. had already pulled out of Iraq by 2012. 




 Thank you very much! :) 




 This raises the question, though--what exactly could Gore have done after he would have received that "Bin Laden Determined to Strike the U.S." memo?

Any thoughts on this? 




 OK. 




 Didn't Bush ignore a memo titled "Bin Laden Determined to Strike the U.S.", though? 




  September 10 2001 bill Clinton bragged about not killing bin laden.

Source, please? 




 I don't know if Gore would have prevented 9/11; however, I do think that he would have focused more on the threat of Al-Qaeda than Bush Jr. did before 9/11. 




 Care to please elaborate on this? 




 It looks like this is the Texas Schoolbook Massacre. :( 




 Also, *if* 9/11 would have been prevented in this scenario, then would Al-Qaeda have eventually succeeded in launching another large-scale terrorist attack on U.S. soil in this scenario?

Any thoughts on this? 




 The one in the center is the one who is dead. 




 The one in the center. 



















 Yes, she is. :( 









 Done. :) 



















 Yes, he is. 




 Yes, I agree with this. Now, in relation to embryos and fetuses, if they are considered property, then should a man be forced to pay child support if he can prove that a woman promised him an abortion and lied or changed her mind in regards to this later on? 




 Yep--Hedy Lamarr was certainly both smart and hot. :) 




 I think that I found it here: http://io9.com/the-strangest-tradition-of-the-victorian-era-post-mort-472772709 


































 OK--thus, let me ask you this--if I let someone borrow a baseball bat and this other individual will unexpectedly use this baseball bat to beat several people to death, then should I be held responsible for these people's deaths and/or for paying financial support/financial compensation to these people's families? Serious question, for the record. 


































 So you consider non-viable embryos and fetuses to be property, correct? 




 OK--first of all (this is part of this elaboration), do you consider non-viable embryos and fetuses to be persons or property? 




 The taxpayer argument doesn't really appear to work for this, though. If you want, I can elaborate on this. 




 What exactly do you think were the main factors in Grover Cleveland's loss in 1888?

Any thoughts on this? 




  Socialism is when the workers control the means of production.

You mean like in the Soviet Union? 




 Yes, all of these things are socialism, but they should also be combined with free-market capitalism (or at least with relatively free-market capitalism). 




 Yes--basically, socialism is a good thing as long as one keeps the free-market capitalist "core" of an economy intact. 




 Sure, but it was already harder to expel the Arab population of Gaza in 1967 and afterwards than it was back in 1948-1949. 




 Are you a potential Hillary Clinton voter, though? 




 I think that the best thing for Bernie Sanders would be to come close to winning the 2016 Democratic nomination but not to actually win it. That way, another, more electable candidate which views similar to his might win the U.S. Presidency at some point in the future (similar to Goldwater in 1964 paving the way for Reagan in 1980). 




