 I liked dart vapor in garland 




 Sorry Sir, we do not have a copy of all the registered voters in the country handy. 




 I can't find them now?  It was their contract with the convention center I believe, they were trying to prove that it said vaping would be going on from the get go 




 https://www.facebook.com/events/832611380127992/
Maybe it was the actual event page? 




 I saw some official looking papers posted on the vape expo fb group 




 Yeah that and the dude was supposedly undercover in jeans and t-shirt...  




 They just launched at the vape expo, apparently 




 Shared on fb 




 That sounds phenomenal 




 Unless your theory is correct and they did it on purpose... 




 No I meant why didn't they just have it in PA?? 




 So why didn't they?? 




 OK just wondering, my clit can get too sensitive after using a vibrator directly on it 




 Can you get her to orgasm without clit stimulation? Maybe do a g-spot orgasm then clitoral to switch it up?? 




 Are you using a vibrator at all?   




 I'm on loestrin fe 




 Oh god 




 Cigarette smoking can cause circulation problems which can lead to difficulty getting an erection. Don't smoke, kids 




 Typewriters, land lines, record players 




 Animal abuse 




 In my experience, most guys cum once and then are done. Your friends are just making shit up 




 It's called a refractory period. Give the clit a break. 




 Sorry for your loss  




 Advocare 




 Yeah service dogs are trained... Can you call the police and file a noise complaint? 




 I need to stop the pain temporarily to get through the day. 




 Well... Technically we have homeless people that live out of our storage units, but the rule is you're not allowed to live in them.  




 The technical term is vulvodynia. 
I have that, and chronic pelvic pain. Try finding a specialist. There are exercises you can do and treatments to make the pain go away

http://www.besthealthmag.ca/best-you/girlfriends-guide/why-sex-hurts-vulvodynia-explained 




 Well crap. Have you tried Paula's choice aha? 




 http://www.amazon.com/Alpha-Hydrox-AHA-Enhanced-Lotion/dp/B000052YM7

This stuff 




 I've had luck with the alpha hydrox brand stuff. It actually helped my acne significantly. 




 Birth control is the only thing that clears up my hormonal acne. :( 




 Please explain to your SO that you cannot use it now unless you want to get a nasty infection.  




 I had one of these on the inside of my ear. Mine wasn't nearly that big though. 




 That's fucked up. You need to get him to buy you a new one.  




 Any fish with the head still attached 




 I'm American and that's how I've always heard it too 




 Is that a tick? 




 No clue why this is downvoted.  Nutrisystem food tastes like ass 




 Proof that money doesn't buy class.... 




 Maggots... 









 Where the hell am I gonna get a cowsuit? 




 They look pissed lol 




 Wow, that's a ripe old age for a cat. I am sorry for your loss but glad they lived a full happy life 




 Poor guy 




 Are you afraid of the dark, rocko's modern life. My so called life. Daria. Powerpuff girls. Dexter's Lab 




 What's that you're really stirring in your tea? Honey, or bee vomit? Tonight onSick,Sad World! 




 https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=u4hlzRNu3uE 




 Nothing gets to you, staying fresh staying cool with mentos fresh n full of life! 




 Do do do do do do-ah! 




 Sorry for your loss :( 




 Yeah I can't pee in the dark :( 




 Prunes 




 Bloody mary 




 Use lube, go slowly.
Poop first 




 Leave it alone. Let it heal 




 Back left 




 Cuute 




 Vegemite 




 Divorce papers? 




 My mom's sphynxes hated their sweaters. Then again, Texas.... 




 Same 




 Die 




 No 




 Pizza 




 Red velvet 




 Ostrich with its head in the sand 




 Hodor 




 I worked at a dairy queen in Texas. The ice cream machine leaked this rotten milk stuff. To top it off the bathrooms were backing up.  We were serving food while wading around in ankle deep sewage and sour milk water. I quit after one day. 




 Nope,I have back problems
 




 I wanna see 




 How does one win over a flock of magpies? 




 Uh I believe you can squeeze your kegels to orgasm. Does that count? 




 Albinosquirrel with two Rs 




 My little pony clop fiction 




 Look until like 8 weeks of pregnancy the fetus is the size of a brine shrimp.  




 I never see these fucking things 




 Holy shit 




 Proceed 




 Wtf is a solarium? 




 Ew 




 My coworker walked in on two people having sex in a storage unit. They didn't swipe their card so they set their room's alarm off. Moral is: if you wanna fuck in your storage, swipe your card first 




 Weight gain? Nothing?  Lucky ! 




 15 minutes? 




 Which boxes are larger, large or extra large? 




 Cleaning the bathrooms 




 Gee with a mom like that, no wonder you're depressed 




 BTW I zoomed in, God help me. I think they're genital warts. But I'm not a doctor 




 I can't tell, the damn floss is in the way 




 Thanks, I was thinking about that too but wasn't sure 




 This hasn't happened to me 




 I tried googling the song to find out if it actually exists and so far, nothing. 




 My husband's uncle lives next door. 
He just got out of an old folks home.
They found a tumor in his brain and 
thankfully were able to remove it and
 he is OK now but having symptoms of dementia/Alzheimer's.  


So one day I was sleeping. My husband was at work. Suddenly I wake up. There's someone at the window trying to open it. I freak out, looking for my phone to call the cops.  One of our cats moves the curtains and I can see an old man with a walker and hunched back. OK. It's uncle Andy. I run to the bathroom (got the pee almost scared out of me) and call my husband.   

Apparently his uncle wanted to talk to him. He doesn't have a watch or phone or sense of time so he just keeps randomly showing up in our window.  The second time I had just gotten out of the bath and was completely naked. I yelled for my husband, grabbed a nightgown and again, ran to the bathroom, this time to get dressed.  

My husband finally went over to visit him and I guess he keeps saying the same thing and asking the same questions over and over again. He thinks his caretaker and nurse are out to get him.  Apparently he's been deliberately peeing and pooping on the bed to scare the nurse away?  In his old man brain somehow it makes sense.  

Anyway, other than the window visits which scare me every damned time, he's started throwing notes on our porch.  The notes are getting progressively weirder.  

I'll try my best to decipher them.





1)

Christopher please remember
" I'm a lost dog please help me to get home don't hit or beat me."
Like
Thanks  A.V.

The Ross's and the Peters, Rick and girls.
0/5

Tony Wharton
Screw him
2,3,4 times

Don't trust Sherrie and Shirley (caretakers) both have screwed me 2x.











2)

Chris
Please give me another small notebook this size. 
Will I ever get out of here alive?  When?
How?  Jingles run through my head.
"I'm a little dog. Don't hit or beat me. I'm trying to get home. Please help me." 

Don't trust Ross or Whartons. All liars.
 




 Where do you live? I've heard it's like that in Vietnam 




 Poor frog 




 Why the fuck would your personal decision be any of his damn business? 




 Unfortunately no, there isn't one facing the bathroom directly 




 Oh man I had to clean it. I almost puked 




 Probably unrelated 




 Ace of base. The sign.

No. 




 Well there was whoever smeared shit all over the toilet seat and walls.. 




 I want to go to all of these places. 




 So we can use our hands as tools better?? 




 Took pictures 




 Under three 




 Please show us pics 




 Yes 




 She'll have wrinkles and ugly subspots when she grows up if you don't. 




