 I'll punch your face... in the face  




 http://reactiongifs.me/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/black-dynamite-you-done-fucked-up-now.gif 




 Well, that is now in my history... And saved pictures folder. 




 I steal all the time. 




 That NPC was trained for that.

I'll see myself out. 




 It's apparently a thing. There is even a subreddit for that. :I 




     I======(  )   LET'S GET INTO THAT HEART OF YOURS
    I   I  L--------E
    I   L--------E
    I
    A 









 (  ) 




 Ahh, I should read the Martian, but I didn't remember it at that moment. 









 The obvious question - why you used to avoid reading?  




 Just today I impulsively bought a book that looked interesting (We are our brains), so I wonder if you occasionally do this too? 




 I have no problem with gifv on PC, but I hate it when I am on my Android devices. They can't seem to be able to play gifvs. 




 [Getting there...](http://33.media.tumblr.com/b62849a84703f1138f49b1e4145d100d/tumblr_n755ofYsHb1tsp1wuo1_400.gif) 




 Jool is a good destination, also Dres doesn't get enough love. 




 I prefer that other version a user once made, this is just to high. 




 At first everyone would think it's a joke until they met other people. And then humans would probably submit. (Why would they fight as their first reaction?) 




 /r/theydidthemath  




 Reddit's one big cat 














 I was playing in Sandbox, and in the end I did something I usually don't - I cheated (normally I don't even realize it's an option :D ). Just a little bit, because it was starting to get not fun. 




 art/fanart/deviantart/funny pics directory 




 The mods were triggered. 









 ayy lmao 









 I've been defeated so many times! 




  In 3 days he will be reposted

FTFY 




 Welp, this is my fetish now...

[](/ajshrug) 




 WHAT'S IN THE TORRENT?!!! 




 Oh... I still didn't. I just thought I'd add something, but this was enough, and I am too lazy to edit that. 




 1. Acquire child sex slaves

2. When they die, strip their bodies of all flesh and viscera and ground their skeletons into powder

3. Cum on the powder, then mix it together

4. Feed it to Bort

5. ???

6. Profit 




 I actually didn't. 




 Yeah, 




 OP wants us to know he's hiding something. 




 I'd like some more KSP creepypasta. I have only read Jebediah's Vision. 




 They only told him that was cocaine, actually it's Bert's year old dandruff vacuumed out of their carpet. That little autistic turd would never deserve something that they would have to spend money on (he's even fed exclusively with their excess cum). It was just autosuggestion and now he's embarrasing himself. They will remind and tease Bort about that for years to come.

 




 Bert was just kidding, both numbers started the countdown.

EDIT: Ernie, not Bert. Not that it matters in this case. 














 I would make a "fucking your mom" joke, but that would be weird in this context. 




 Thank you, I think I can manage that. I was just curious if there is a way to buy it, but abandonware is fine. 




 Where did you get it? I've never really played a Zelda game and some retro wouldn't hurt. (can I use my X360 controller too?) 




 Should I upgrade to Windows 10 (I have W8.1 atm)? If I upgrade now, don't I have to pay when it comes out?  




 What if you are an exception and just think other teens have the same opinion? ;) 




 There is nothing we can do about that, though. 




 Greenhouse effect, bees extinction, fossil fuel depletion,  ... 









 That 5-minute long SpikeXTwilight scene was inappropriate. [](/zz23)

Thousands upon thousands of childhoods has been ruined. [Also this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPT98rjmsbs) 














 Yeah I noticed, it's not like I am going to fix it. Just pretend it's ghetto talk and you're 'k. 




 they become prostitutes at the end, duh

[](/disshrug) 




 dunno lol

[](/scootashrug) 




 Here's bigger version btw

https://scontent-fra3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xft1/t31.0-8/11722559_879263182157006_4187868449947845527_o.jpg 




 Since yesterday my life has changed, because I use Thumbnail Zoom now. Take that! 









  Thought this was going to be the gif of the dude that's kicked the baby while spinning about on his head.

_
 




 Multiple personality disorder, what a lovely thing. 














 This is evil .I wish I could add something, but I can't think of anything more ducked up atm. This is just great. 




 This is a very interesting find, OP. Thank you. 

Makes you wonder if in the future our present science will be viewed similarly primitive, if despite all the development and refining of scientific method (our present science may seem almost perfected) we have overlooked/didn't consider something. Or rather,  scientists know they have,  because of all the yet unexplained phenomena like nature of dark matter or presence of technetium in some stars.  




 Gosh, what the fuck, I am so glad for European healthcare standards... Even if you personally pay just a few percent of it, it will still be expensive. 




 Fuck people who force their personal lifestyle choice onto their pets. At that point it's become madness. 




 I haven't shagged in almost 23 years, so... 




 why? 




 http://i.imgur.com/1opkH10.png 




 Suddenly Teal'c.

[](/dashcute) 




 You've got eleven human bodies in various stage of decomposition arranged like this in your room?  









 Ass/back sweat and dust, some hair (cat or human, can't tell), but I don't think there was that much cum involved (though some pretty sure were). Balls sweat 4 life. 




 I find this satisfying to watch. 




 Come on, OP. Now you have to create a meatball dance for us. 




 I am glad he's okay.

[](/flutterwhat) 









 I cannot visualise a gallon, but instead i can visualise a liter from the superior metric system.  




 Considering that SJWs consider pretty much any critique harassment or bullying, you've just given they yet another tool to silence other.  Good riddance /s

Also,what is your definition of what constitutes spam?  




 All of my cats love scratching their ribs too. 




 And with cats you just touch one hair on their tails and they look at you as though you were abusing them. Lol. 




 I should read it sometime. 




 I thought transparent swimming pools in zoos were common... :I

Maybe it's just that the zoo here does have a few transparent pools. 




 Hello, what future space mission are you looking forward the most?

What would you like to see realized in your lifetime? 




 Of course this exists... 




 What about pathogenous bacteria? Pathogens are fairly easy to grow (I'd know as I routinely grew bacteria in high school and it was often contaminated by more dangerous bacteria) and you don't need acces to the water supply to be able to infect a lot of people - you could smear it all over public transport or air vents or something. There probably wouldn't be many (if any) deaths, but you might sow fear in people's minds. 




 0/10 no rice 




 I think the Jetsetting Terrorist would call it fun. 




 Well, I think maybe you'll do better with a pike. Here you go.

------ 




 Yah, have a spare one

---E 




 I'VE GOT MY PITCHFORK READY, WHERE'S YOURS?!

---E 




 Nice touch with that double helix. 




 Fabulous. 




 That was quite specfic. Are you okay, OP?  




 Conclusion:

We are all sick fucks. 




 He prepares to cosplay at /r/bertstrips con. 




 What a beautiful planet. It's awe-inspiring, despite all the shit going on here on Earth, we send probes, far from all of our petty squables, in order to learn more about where we live. It should be like this every week, if not every day. The environment and space/space colonization should be our major interest. 




 Did someone say existential crisis?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nl5dlbCh8lY

You are welcome. Now let me curl up and sob in the corner. 




 The clocks are wrong, only Kerbal Time (tm) is right. 




 *puff* 




 I am imagining it's drawing a Dickbutt in the air. 









 Thank you. 









 Quaint, I haven't noticed until your comment. Heh, I guess I gotta go karmawhore somesub now. 




 /r/PloungerRights 









 I am sorry. 




 It was nothing revolutionary, but it was fun and interesting. I gave it 7/10. 




 Because being fat was a sign of wealth and health - being too skinny meant you were either poor or sick or both. 









 Me and my flair approve 




  choloform

u wot m8

Otherwise great. 




 Who would ever imagine that knifefuck would become Bert's new favorite practice? 




 Several levels of depravity at once, I like it. 




 Coincidentally I reviewed this game at the time I was writing about games. 




 You May Or May Not Be Welcome 




 Do other people see that too? Have we really accomplished to whip up LfaP (weird acronym, lol) this high? It's a really beautiful, but I wouldn't expect a pony song so high on the list. It's like when I heard many people who are not even bronies wiggle to the melody of Tombstone's Discord and they don't know it's a pony-related song. 




 How Can Our Posts Be Real If Our Accounts Aren't Real?

[](/ajFoF) 




 Money. That's all they care about. 




 I am so glad I didn't buy V... 




 And I am here playing UT2004 with bots. O_O 




 All schools I went to were public and they were good. But I live in Europe and don't know what the situation is in the USA, so I am not qualified to judge it, I think.

Still, I think it just isn't worth it to send your daughter into faith-based schools (faith-based education is a little bit of an oxymoron, isn't it?) and take a risk that she ends up being indoctrinated.

On the other hand, if you guide her to skepticism and reason, she might be able to learn about Christianity while keeping her sanity intact. 




 I tried some random ones both in the picture and in this comment and all of them were duplicates. 




 I suppose this works too. 




 [.](http://i.imgur.com/EkEe8oq.gif) 




 What if OP dies right now? Then he would indeed waste his whole life.[](/gummyfez) 




 Banana.[](/trixwizard) 




 The rest of them should be in the closet dressed as Supermans.[](/ppsly) 




 [](/iwapprove) The ideal pony. 




 Just that my anal prolapse is not prolapsed at all atm and it basically is indistinguishable in both look and function from a normal anus. 




 High-five! *raises left hand* 




 I would scroll with my anal prolapse if I had one. 




 I typed this comment mainly with the hand I used to jack off yesterday evening. And it was a big load. You're welcome. 




 Yes, Space Engine does simulate gravitational lensing. Btw it's free, try it. 




 Yes. But it is not so bad, and the commenters are hilarious. When morbid curiosity hits, that is probably the best place to go. And pick your videos. 
























 ayy lmao

hilarious, tho

wanna talk abou aliens now? 




 Reverse is also good-you have a skeleton inside of you 




 What made you leave the job? 




 Only after she'd tasted my cock. 




 Umm 




 Oh okay, thanks die for the tip  




 [](/flutterhug)[](/flutterwhy)[](/genius) 




 I edited it, somehow. 




 We did it, Reddit!

No, seriously, we did it. 




 What about \/r/fapfap? 




 It's just a ponyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy

[](/chaosgun) 




 Every time I see something like this I just have to think that somebody somewhere invested all the work into making this. What a time to live in. 




 Hi, the newly released animatic of the super amazing feely ubersong is so epic that I need your help to fill in what I missed and overheard in transcribing it
[Here is the song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ETMPVpJDHoA) and here is my draft of the lyrics (I am updating it at the moment):

EDIT: The MLP wiki seems to have been updated, there is no need for my continued existence now. Copypasted text:


        I'm here to show you who I am 

        Throw off the veil, it's finally time 

        There's more to me than glitz and glam, ooh 

        And now I feel my stars align 


        For I had believed what I was sold 

        I did all the things that I was told 

        But all that has changed, and now I'm bold 

        'Cause I know 


        That I am just a pony 

        I make mistakes from time to time 

        And now I know the real me 

        And put my heart out on the line 

        And let the magic in my heart stay true, whoa, whoa, whoa 

        And let the magic in my heart stay true, whoa, whoa, whoa 

        Just like the magic inside of you 


        And now I see those colors 

        Right before my eyes 

        I hear my voice so clearly 

        And I know that it is right 


        I thought I was weak, but I am strong 

        They sold me the world, but they were wrong 

        And that I'm back I still belong 

        'Cause I know 


        That I am just a pony 

        I make mistakes from time to time 

        And now I know the real me 

        And put my heart out on the line 

        And let the magic in my heart stay true, whoa, whoa, whoa 

        And let the magic in my heart stay true, whoa, whoa, whoa 

        Just like the magic inside of you 


        Just like the magic inside of you 

 




 I dig this idea, though it would be frikkin creepy for me, I can barely stand a black hole in Space Engine. 




 I don't. Well, more precisely I didn't until yesterday when I got the Followers doctor as a companion. I forgot about him though, because he got stuck in that underground fighting arena/refuses to go out. So technically, I have a companion. I guess. 




 Kill them Johhny. Kill them all. 




 Aw shucks, and I was getting my pitchfork ready. 




 Are there ISO standards on following following transcription ISO standards? 




 Have you landed on the Mun yet? 




 I think only USAers themselves refer to USA alone when they say America. I am an European and I am rather more specific and say USA. 




 Then you must train people to be able to say no. 









 There is a thin line between a cat lady and a crazy cat lady. 




 ;-)  




 I should turn up the creature detail, currently at 100...

Edit: 2000? The maximum in my settings is 300 :I 




 I had this rover killing off the overpopulation and the animals just turned into loads of meat, which lured a big stream of other animals trying to get food, which in turn were also murdered. FUN! [](/artthoumad)

 




 As strong as horses, I wager.

[](/ajwink) 




 I advise you to limit the creature limit in the settings, otherwise it will crash. Had about 1000 creatures and the game always crashed shortly after loading the world. Or create an army of killing rovers that will put a stop to it.

CPU heavy I guess.

 




 Lol, thug life dev :D 




 My recommendations are Kerbal Space Program and Outer Wilds 




 Did I miss anything? 




 This is like Spore but much more accurate and without the late game stages. 




 That's pretty metal. 









 /r/ConfusedBoners  




 There is several similarly sized objects, should we make them planets too?  




 Suddenly I am glad for my bandwidth. (360 kb/s)

I read somewhere on reddit's space-related subs that its reaction wheel was broken. I haven't checked the source, tho. 









 Until nothing's left. 




 Ok. You can't know when inspiration hits, though :/ 




 Yes it is. Maybe I accidentally a repost. Still, self-deprecating kek is had. 
























 Struggle snuggle... wait... 




