 Haha! Well, thank you for what you did for humanity.

To your husband, I would say, push through it. You gotta get it done. Put your head down and do it. Don't worry about how good it is, or whether it's gonna sell, or any of the BS. Write until the writing's done. Once it's done, then you can start wringing your hands and pulling your hair about how you're going to make it actually good. Just remember, there's nothing you type that you can't go back and change or make better. If you view a book as one task--"I have to write a great book"--then it's going to be too monumental to handle. So, first, just write a book. 




 Alright...

Alexander Skarsgard, Michael Chiklis, Emile Hirsch, and Rosamund Pike, respectively. 




 Confirmed. On all three counts. 




 Not have the main character happen to find the hottest woman in the world and bang her within a few days, all while fighting the undead. I hated that. Thought it was absolutely ridiculous. 




 That's a big compliment! I can only think of a few books that I've read more than once.

So, my characters are pretty much people I know, or combinations of people I know. Sometimes they're even combinations of other characters from other books, movies, TV shows. When I create a character, I usually have a vague idea of who I think they remind me of, then I just kind of add to that to form the basic "function" of this person. How they talk, how they think, their accent, their facial expressions, their habits, etc. Then I just kind of let them develop on their own.

From 2007 to January of this year I was a police officer. So it was a combination of training I got from the department, experiences from my time there, and from the fact that every partner I've had in that time period was a vet. So naturally, you're in a squad car with somebody for 10 hours a day, you hear war stories and ask questions and learn a lot. 




 Haha! I've been known to kill a few silver bullets in my time. But I'm not real particular when it comes to beer. I pretty much drink it all. And yes.......I will drink it all. 




 Thanks for the love! Glad you enjoyed the books! 




 Hope you get to the next ones!

If I waited for inspiration to write I probably would never finish a book. I love writing, and I love that it's my job now, but let me tell you bro, it's freakin' work. It takes a lot of discipline to sit down and write, even when you don't feel like writing. But usually, if I can break the inertia, then I start to get into it and it starts to flow.

I don't like to use the term writer's block. I call it "lazy." Now, that's not to say I'm not lazy. I'm lazy all the time. I huff and puff and stare at my computer screen, but there's no magical, mystical mental block there. It's just me being lazy. Usually I'll go work out or something and come back at another part of the day when I'm feeling a little more energetic.

Now, this may light some people's hair on fire, but I was never really a big ZA fiction fanboy. I like the concept. I enjoyed Dawn of the Dead. But I'm by no means a Romero purist or anything like that.

The Road. Hands down. Great book. Good movie, too. And I'm very partial to Cormac McCarthy. 




 Nice! Tell that prick to stay safe. 




 Thanks!

You're right. Tango dying is probably one of the things I'm asked about most. It was a tough scene to write. I even got a little misty. But to answer the question of "Why?" Well, I needed Lee to be completely alone. I needed him going into Camp Ryder pretty much stripped of everything that was familiar to him. That's why he shows up without anything or any weapons. And I needed Tango to be gone, because he was too much of a source of familiarity and comfort for Lee. I hated to do it, but it would have been too cozy if I hadn't.

Jerry was no specific person. Jerry was every politician I've ever watched on TV and tilted my head like a dog hearing a siren pass by, wondering, "What the hell is he talking about? And why is he running my effing country?"

It's actually kind of the opposite for me. I don't look at people and think about characters, but when I'm trying to develop a character I will sit back and think of people that I know and sometimes I'll choose to make the character mirror someone almost exactly, and sometimes it will be a mashup of several different people. 




 I never regret killing off characters. Which is very odd, because I do get attached to my characters. But, if everyone lives, then living isn't so special (at least in fiction).

Yup, got a stand-alone book being shopped and I'm working on the first part of a new series. 




 I'm not gonna let you pin me down, Angry Beaver! Seriously though, I could see myself getting to it within a few years. 




