 I'm from Spain and I started watching Adventure Time when it wasn't still translated or subbed or even aired here on tv. I watched it in english with my friends and didn't get 50% of the dialogs. Nobody seemed to know about that series back then. 




 Anyone involving grapes 




 Chaos red 




 It depends. Is my weapon a grape? 




 I know, man. We stopped being an empire centuries ago. Now we are just one of the poorest country of Europe.

I was just kidding. Chill out. 




 Ghibli characters and jamaican bobsleigh team. 




 My spoon is too big! 




 Or "whisky" 




 Or you could take a photo 




 A very thin and flexible vinyl record I found inside a magazine in the garbage bin at my work, a public library, a special issue celebrating the anniversary of the death of Francisco Franco. It's a compilation of his public speeches. I collect records and this is my rarest piece. I almost went crazy when I found it in the garbage. 




 Yeah. From the glorious Spain Empire. 




 Patata = potato 









 This album is your answer if you want to isolate and torture her at the same time: https://youtu.be/AguPH0XBxdw 




 Yeah, right, totally messy. 




 There is a lot of people asking how did he know his name was Evans, so here is the full recording of the call. He said his name. The transcription is not 100% accurate.

https://youtu.be/Dk0aqyMltRA 




 This is the most cliche comment ever when talking about murders. I swear I have to listen to it every damn time. 




 I guess they need to be sure that it's not a joke an details like if there is people still alive or wounded or if he is armed. The cops need to know what scenario they are gonna find when they get there so the can react properly. 




 You are a very funny man. 




 Read the rest of the comments here. There is a document with his confession an a video with the recording of the call to the 911. 




 Wow, very crazy style! Not the tipical manga fanart, for sure. 




 Sexy BMO 




 I like her wide hips 




 Cool, dude. I liked it. 




 That's quite quality for a 12 years old 




 Yawn a lot. 




 I believe you. Its just that some people are getting it wrong. 




 Not Hellboy related. I'm sorry. It's in Spanish.

Http://contadotienemenosgracia.thecomicseries.com 




 I try to keep my mind blank and let random images and words appear. They are very similar to what you get in dreams, so this opens the door to sleep. 




 I'm afraid your title is a bit ambiguous. 




 Of course. They use sign (most of them). Signs are words and words can hurt. 




 What the bleep do we know? 




 Did you visualized the man running next to your car? 




 The moments I spent drawing my webcomic. I think it's the best thing I've done in my life and people seem to love it. 




 If you think people here are dicks, you better don't visit 4chan. 




 I never drive, so I fall asleep very often. 




 You can meet new people in your work, in classes, clubs (not the ones with loud music and alcohol, more like comics clubs or rpg clubs), doing charity voluntary works, traveling... sign up in every single activity, class or group that you find interesting in your area. Ask people to introduce you new people.

Look for people you have things in common with. 




 True detective reference? 




 Fascinating. Thanks, pal. 




 There is already an Adventure Time game based on D D, in case you are interested. My Lady Blackbird version is much simpler and narration oriented. I don't have much, just lists with races and classes (including detective and ninja) and some notions about swords, princesses and lands in Ooo. I planned to get all the information I needed from an AT wiki.


Oh, also, it's all in spanish. I could translate it but it would take me a while. 




 Interesting. This resembles the argument of "I have no mouth and I must scream", both the tale and the game. 




 And one day he will be 17 and be an emo and listen to black metal and smoke weed and make you ask yourself "What did I do wrong?". 




 I don't recall my typography  lessons very precisely but I think it all started with egyptian hieroglyphs. Complex symbols representing whole ideas and objects got simplified geometrically to represent sounds. This symbols were adopted by cultures like Greece, that were adopted by romans. So, letters evolved in time from very graphic symbols to letters that you can write fast.


I found this picture explaining it. It's in spanish but I think you'll get it.

http://www.editorialalaire.es/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/aleph.jpg 




 How is that? Aren't they supossed to be different dimensions? 




 Planes are still science fiction for me. 




 1. Instead of nothing, something exists. Having in mind the high quantity of energy, rules and matter needed, the logic option would be that the universe didn't exist at all.

2. I'm alive and conscious perceiving reality from inside this body and only this body. I can't exist out of my body or ocuppy another one. 




 Is Lady Blackbird under the radar? I never played it but I love the setting and the system. It has lots of fans that have made mods and expansions, so maybe it doesn't qualify for this thread.

I have adapted it for Adventure Time and a setting of my own but still not tried them out. 




 I must read this! 




 Dungeon Slayers. Free download. Rules light. D20 system. Classic dungeon crawling: kill monsters, get loot, get XPs... Very useful when you want to play but the maximum mental effort you are willing to do is drawing a dungeon and set some monsters and traps here and there.


My players love it. It's like "Diablo II: the rpg". 




 I solved this by stating all the pcs were agents at the service of the New Inquisitioncfrom the begining. They are a team and have to make missions for money. If they get out of control or betray the organization they will get a new dangerous enemy. All this keep them focused and united... Relatively, of course. In UA almost everyone is insane and craves for maximum power at any cost. 




 That's a good idea. Maybe some day I will copypaste my story there. 




 Ha ha, don't worry. I can live with this. It was just frustrating. 




 And was this relevant to your situation then? 




 What? He didn't stick it in her pooper or something? 




 And what did the words say? 




 [Here]( http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/3bqmvj/z/csp6kx3)

Not exactly paranormal. The thread was about insane coincidences. 90% of posts were about meeting old friends from school while traveling in another country just by coincidence. But I like to think my story was a bit different. 




 Less populated and minor subs are ok though. 




 Pictures of old dolls in r/creepy. It's the laziest content you can submit and the sub is full of them. 




 I hate this too. Why even bother replying? Recently in one of those threads with thousands of replies I shared the only paranormal experience I had in my life. It was long and took a lot of effort for me to write it since I'm not a native english speaker. Not a single reply or vote.

Damn, you gotta be fast in r/askreddit or you'll disolve into silence. 




 "Fucking normies!" 




 That thread is a classic in /mu/. Somebody reposts it now and then. 




 Oh, I didn't realize you were the same guy! I suspected that video was a joke, but with the asmr "community" one never knows, I've seen some weird shit. People that take it really seriously. Like this guy https://youtu.be/lGBJFIbS03k 




 Yessss. My favorite horror manga ever. The one about the cursed book really terrorized me. 




 This guy has the weirdest asmr videos I've ever seen. Does this even qualify as asmr? He's just tipping on all kind of things.

https://youtu.be/kVgUIUnL3Ag 




 Enlace a la web mencionada:

http://madridvo.madrid.es/ 




 Muy autoritario tendra que ser un gobierno para mantener un sitio web que dijese que lo cierto es falso. Por todas partes habra indicios de manipulacin, incluso en los medios mayoritarios. Se liara la de dios. Muy mal se tendra que poner la cosa para que se usara esa web con el propsito que dices.

Una cosa es que los gobernantes trapicheen a escondidas, tergiversen, hagan circunsloquios y jueguen con el lenguaje, o que los medios distorsionen las noticias como en el juego del telfono roto, no se documenten bien o elijan las que ms les convengan a ellos o a los gobernantes, y otra que un gobierno ponga en marcha un medio pblico, una web, para ir diciendo que un montn de noticias verdaderas son falsas.

A m me parece que esto va ms bien por el camino de la transparencia y eso me parece bien. Por ahora lo estn contrastando todo con pruebas documentadas. 




 Me puedes explicar lo de la "confluencia"? Soy un poco ignorante en cuestin de poltica y novato en este subreddit. Este es mi segundo comentario aqu, de hecho. 




 Figura pblica + cuenta en Twitter = alabanzas al muerto de turno. Eso es as. 




 I only see something that could be a ghost boy standing in the porch, very blurred. 




 Of course he didn't always existed. He was created in the dreaming of the Cosmic Giant Beetle, of course, just like everything that is external to the game. 




