




 I would've saluted the motherfucker if i was there... thats the real American hero if you ask me... And i can know it, i'm Dutch. 




 well, you're partially right.  




 Why the hell is a KKK march even allowed, i like your country you guys, but this would never be allowed in the Netherlands. Here we would say: fuck your free speech, common decency is way more valuable to us.  




 Thanks for the tip! Tomorrow i'm going to try Alaba/Boateng instead of Schmelzer/Vertonghen!  




 I'm a bit of a chemistry whore, but with Schmelzer i can have my pink Reus at 10 chemistry. But i guess i can tolerate to see him at 9 with Alaba from Bayern? Schmelzer is doing fine though. 

 




 Thanks! I was a bit broke after buying Schweinsteiger (yes i'm that poor) but will definitely buy Alaba when i have the time to play some more and earn the cash! 




 Gravity has to do with the mass of the earth right? I'm the "Jon Snow" of science, so correct me if i indeed know nothing.  




 Wow, nice team!!  




 Since i've got my free Futtie Reus i've changed my squad to fit him in, i've been playing with this team for a few days and its just absolutely amazing. 

http://www.futhead.com/15/squads/36956836/ 




 Nice! I've got Futtie Reus for free (thanks EA :D), he has been absolutely amazing for me. 12 goals in 5 matches.  




 Great to see a Dutch actress become popular in the US again, she's doing a great job in GoT, she really 1-upped the romcom image she had here in the Netherlands. The "naked in every movie"-image is still intact, but hey, i won't complain 




 Thanks EA, just have to find me a ManU Schweini and i can make this team happen :D

http://www.futhead.com/15/squads/36751930/ 




 Yay, i've got Reus :D 




 All polar bears are lefties 




 Glad they've changed Fantfourstic  









 This video is taken in the Netherlands. People here call it the "Django Unchained incident". He was arrested because he couldn't identify himself because he had a false ID-card.  









 Margot Robbie is the perfect Harley Quinn, great trailer! 









 Love the Flemish accent. Great video! 




