 Agreed! Ian McShane was so good in it! It was a shame it got cancelled so quickly - I think it would have fared a little better in this day and age. 




 No, but will have to check it out!  




 +1 for all of these movies  




 +1 Kiss Kiss Bang Bang - fantastic chemistry between the leads. Also RDJ being pretty awesome and hilarious.  




 +1 for Children of Men. Way grittier than I expected.  




 Agreed. Personally I put Prisoners above Inciendies in terms of Denis Villeneuve movies, but only by a slight bit.  




 District 9 really surprised me when I watched it. It was definitely not what I expected. I don't know if it was mismarketed or I just wasn't paying attention to the trailers when they came out, but it was great.  




 Absolutely! Martin Mcdonagh is an amazing writer. Still need to read Pillowman, but I'll get around to it one of these days.  




 Harry Brown is highly recommended if you like Michael Cain.  




 City of God is such a fantastic film, so different from what you'd see from American cinema.  




 I know it's said again and again, but I absolutely love In Bruges. The writing and acting is really top notch.  




 Going with a fantasy theme here: 

You've probably heard of American Gods

You might have heard of The Amulet of Samarkand

You probably haven't heard of Lies of Locke Lamora

You've never heard of Ruins of Ambrai 

 




 This reminds me that I really need to watch Orphan Black.  




 Love Fargo - have you seen the series (not a remake of the movie)?  




 Love Shaolin Soccer (and all kung fu movies). Have you seen Kung Fu Hustle (also by Stephen Chow)?  




 Love Gattaca. And Primer is so innovative and it's amazing how low budget the movie was. Makes me wish that extreme indie movies like that were more of a thing. I feel like there are alot of people out there who could be producing some amazing little gems like that.  




 Love Rock n Rolla. Such a shame all of the actors in it really blew up and Guy Ritchie wasn't able to get the gang back together for the sequel.  




 You've probably heard of The Shield

You might have heard of Carnivale

You probably haven't heard of Terriers

You've never heard of Kings 




 Agreed! And the cinematography! I also really enjoy the fact that characters speak in Cantonese, Shanghainese, (and French I think) - it really adds to the setting and realism of the movie.  




 Stolen shamelessly from /r/music and /r/manga. Those threads turned up some great gems, let's hear everyone's favorites. 




 You've probably heard of Prisoners 

You might have heard of Miller's Crossing

You probably haven't heard of In the Mood for Love

You've never heard of Le Samourai 




 Stolen shamelessly from /r/music and /r/manga. Those threads turned up some great gems, let's hear everyone's favorites. 




 Stolen shamelessly from /r/music and /r/manga. Those threads turned up some great gems, let's hear everyone's favorites.  




 It's a good gateway manga for guys who are otherwise wary of the typical shoujo fare (ie high school romance drama/comedy). I think it's almost a little unfair to label Basara as shoujo (just because of the label it's published under), it's really first and foremost a fantasy genre manga imo. 

Also, for those who read and like Basara, Anatolia Story (aka Red River) is similar though it has a tad bit more romance if memory serve (it's been at least 10 years since I read that haha). 

Ah the nostalgia...   




 Agreed - I think most people get turned off by the "shoujo" tag, but it's really a sweeping fantasy epic with tons of action, drama, and tragedy.  




 Cast of season 2 looks fucking fantastic. Main cast of Patrick Wilson, Kirsten Dunst, Jean Smart, Ted Danson, and Jesse Plemons (Meth Damon). And supporting includes Jeffrey Donovan   Bruce Campbell (Burn Notice), Nick Offerman, Brad Garrett... the list goes on. This is gonna be AMAZEBALLS.  




 Agreed - I loved S1 of Fargo and I thought the only misstep was the ending, which was way too cliche/neat. For how menacing and a force of nature that Marvo was the entire first season, he really should have just escaped into the open at the end of the season... not just get shot by Colin Hanks...  




 Completely agreed. Cast looks fucking fantastic. Main cast of Patrick Wilson, Kirsten Dunst, Jean Smart, Ted Danson, and Jesse Plemons (Meth Damon). And supporting includes Jeffrey Donovan   Bruce Campbell (Burn Notice), Nick Offerman, Brad Garrett... the list goes on. This is gonna be AMAZEBALLS.  




 Love the Wars of Light and Shadow. One of the first fantasy series I read when I was a kid. Agree with most of the points here about how it's epic and mostly serious. But it's an incredible read and you will really sympathize with the main character.  




 Love the Trickster series! Highly recommended.  




 You've probably heard of Rurouni Kenshin

You might have heard of Parasyte

You probably haven't heard of Basara

You've never heard of Billy Bat (same author as Monster and 20th Century Boys)  




 During the season 2 finale, when Alana first comes into the house and discovers Hannibal trying to break down the pantry door to get to Jack, he tells Alana that if she leaves now he won't make any plans to call on her.  




 And then after you see that, I recommend you watch the other Martin Mcdonough and Colin Farrell movie - Seven Psychopaths. Very different from In Bruges, but still very good.  




 This makes me think of when someone asked Hugh Dancy if he thought Will was a funny guy and he replied "Yes, I think Will is a funny guy, he's just going through a very unfunny period in his life."  




 Unfortunately for him it seems like Nic Pizzolato gives him the most verbose lines of dialogue in the show. I feel like Vince tries to make them work to the best of his abilities, but there's only so much you can do with lines like that.  




 I like how it ties into the episode title "Other Lives" as well.  




 That look that crosses his face as the knowledge that he killed some random guy for Frank dawns him was amazing.  




 Huge "Oh shit!" moment for me. Also, amazing acting from Colin Farrell. 

 




 Colin Farrell is amazing when he's given the right material. He absolutely blows it away in In Bruges if you haven't seen that.  




 I can't wait to see the confrontation between Ray and Frank next episode as well.  




 Completely agreed - best ep so far this season imo.  




 I'm hoping he'll be able to stick it to that actress chick who was accusing him of improper sexual misconduct. Though if that happens, it'll be revealed that he's gay and there will be fallout with his soon to be wife.  




 Yeah the dialogue was only over the top once or twice this episode. And not terribly noticiably so.  




 He also may or may not have beat that psychaitrist to death.  




 She's really gonna hate herself if something happens.  




 Ray really beat the shit out of that dude. I wonder if he's still alive.  




 I think this has been the best episode of season 2 so far.  




 I think this has been the best episode of season 2 so far.  




 Because it's so absurd and Will is like am I the only one here sane enough to realize this.  




 The little pigs hanging above the bed were also super creepy.  




 Loved Hannibal's epic faces of smug this episode. He was just so fucking pleased looking this entire episode. Everytime Cordell and Mason talked about chopping him up and cooking him, he was just so delighted with how much thought and creativity they had put into it. 

Also, his look of pride and amusement when Will bit off Cordell's face.  




 RIP Mason Verger. 

I'm going to miss Joe Anderson a lot (though I'm really looking forward to Richard Armitage as Francis Dolarhyde) - Mason was especially fun and smarmy this episode. Loved his exchanges with Will at the dining table. 

*"You could wreck some foster homes and torment some children."* 

*"And drink martinis made with tears."* 

*"No pajama party for you Mr. Graham."* 
 




 I loved the scene in this episode where Hannibal frees himself. That look on his face full of triumph and promised death... so perfect. It's a shame we didn't get to see him actually rescue Will and kill all the guards in the Mason household.  




 I love that even though Alana has been bent on revenge this season, so far as to throw her lot in with Mason Verger, she still risks her own life by freeing Hannibal in order to promise him to save Will. Unfortunately, I totally think Hannibal is going to keep his promise to her and kill her during the second half of the season.  




 *"You're going to eat him... with my face..."* 

I laughed SO hard at this line. Poor Will, he's really just had enough of it all. 
 




 Added!  









 Yes absolutely. The show is either original material, a "remix" or expansion of the source material. Though, we still don't know how closely Red Dragon will follow the book. That's the only thing  that may be a close adaptation.  




 Hannibal was just so fucking pleased and smug looking this entire episode. Everytime Cordell and Mason talked about chopping him up and cooking him, he was just so delighted with how much thought and creativity they had put into it. 









 Nope, it was up from the beginning. Also you can't edit post titles.  




 The Hunt is a great movie and Mads' is incredible in it. (In fact, he won Best Actor at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival for it.) 

It's also interesting to see him act in his native language.  




 Yup. And he's so over all the over the top shit he has been through because of Hannibal as well.  




 I think it would have been cool if it were actually Will who had manipulated Hannibal into turning himself in peacefully by rejecting him. But I think it was just Hannibal being a dick.  




 And Will looked like he was so tired of this shit all the time because of Hannibal.  




 I wanted to believe that Will manipulated Hannibal into turning himself in peacefully by rejecting him. But I think Hannibal just turned himself in to spite Will.  




 Made of me think of that expression that Jack had on him when he sees Pazzi hanging there with his guts hanging out. Will was sooo tired of this shit in this ep.  









 I'm a little bummed out that Hannibal just turned himself in... especially after he was so pissed that Will would deny him his freedom in last season's finale and went on a bender to essentially prevent himself from getting caught. 

I understand Hannibal is doing it to try and have the last laugh with Will, especially after Will "breaks up" with him. But it just seems so out of character for him. Unless... Will actually manipulated Hannibal into turning himself in by pretending to not care about him and using his need for Will's attention against him. THAT I could get behind 100%.  




 Completely agreed. While I'm happy with the decision because that means we'll get to see Red Dragon on screen (I was fairly sure that season 3 was going to be Hannibal's last even before it aired). But so many of these points are right on the money. The pacing of the first half of this season was definitely off and it could have been better allocated in the first 2-3 eps.  




 I also a little bummed out that Hannibal just turned himself in... especially after he was so pissed that Will would deny him his freedom in last season's finale. Plus, a huge part of his character is his hatred of being caged.  




 I'm going to miss Joe Anderson as Mason Verger - he was so fun and smarmy this episode. Especially loved his exchange with Will at the dining table. 

*"You could wreck some foster homes and torment some children."* 

*"And drink martinis made with tears."* 

*"No pajama party for you Mr. Graham."* 

 




 I love that even though Alana was bent on revenge, so far as to throw her lot in with Mason Verger, that she risks her own life by freeing Hannibal in order to promise him to save Will.  




 Aww Will... don't you know that spitters are quitters.  









 I thought he was going to find her at the end of the episode after he rescues Will and be all like "I always keep my promises" and kill her, but I guess he's going to do it somehow via the Tooth Fairy or after he escapes in the Silence of the Lambs story.  




 Hannibal was just so fucking pleased this entire episode. Everytime Cordell and Mason talked about chopping him up and cooking him, he was just so delighted with how much thought and creativity they had put into it.  




 *"You're going to eat him... with my face..."* 

I laughed SO hard at this line.   




 Oh I like this. 




 More like at 11:05 PM tonight.  




 Amazing. Thanks for sharing.  




 Thanks - I'm glad you're enjoying them! Unfortunately, that was the weekend of July 4th and I just super busy. If I have time I'll try to go back and do that episode, but real life just gets in the way sometimes. :) 




 God bless cable TV, where they don't give a flying fuck about "mature" content.

And god bless the golden age of television, may it never die.  




 I love them. So meta.  




 I was totally expecting them to kiss! Which is why I was really thrown off when they didn't and Angela and Shayla kissed in like literally the next scene.  




 Agreed. Great cinematography (and lighting too!) I especially like the way they frame people - which is purposely cut out the other person they're talking to and frame them tight in a corner with wide behind them or above them. It really adds to the feel of the show.  




 I love the title screen of this show. I always look forward to what they're going to do for the scene every week.  




 And helps your tightly wound friend let loose a little.  




 Agreed - amazing acting, interesting characters, great writing, novel concept, unreliable narrator, and great cinematography to boot.  




 I didn't think he was fake until the episode where he pushed Elliot off the railing and landed him in the hospital and there was literally no repercussions or confrontations and everyone thought Elliot had tried to kill himself or something. Which made me wonder with all of the unreliable narrator stuff if Mr. Robot was all in Elliot's head space. And then after the thought crossed into my mind, I literally could not unsee from the show.  




 Raspberry Pi 




 Also loved the commercial of Mr. Robot playing during Mr. Robot. Definitely made me do a double take.  




 I cannot believe there's a show on USA, or any network, where there is a 5 minute hallucinatory conversation featuring the main character and a beta fish that ended with that line. Just fantastic.  

Love this show.  




 Angela 2K15 does E and stays out all night and makes out with girls. Just releasing some of that pent up stress.  




 And it was an awesome, visceral trip. 




 Those were pretty much my thoughts when I was watching the scene. I was really excited because Mr. Robot finally interacted with someone else, but then it all turned out to be a hallucination. So we're back to square one.  




 Nope, turns out it was just a hallucination. I'm fairly convinced at this point that he's 100% Elliot's head space.  




 Wow... this was a bold episode. They pretty much spent the entire episode as one long drug withdrawal trip. I got vibes of Hannibal level  artsy-ness from this episode. Loved it.  




 Is City TV still showing it at the same time on Thursdays (10 EST)?  




 Also all area hospitals.  




 Quick someone call in Nicholas Angel. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C5QIUYg5M6w 




 It's part of LA county.  




 This is a pretty good summary of what's not working well season. The dialogue is jarring to the point that it sticks out, the editing awkward as hell during some scenes (which makes me wonder if Nic is having too much say in the editing room), and a plot that's still making me scratch my head as to what the point of it all is. There's a lot of on screen talent, but they only have as much as they're given to work with. I think all of the leads have been fantastic.  




 I felt like a few of the early ones really broke the tension in the scene for me. Also, the three main characters had so much plot armor that I really didn't feel worry that they were going to get killed at all. And it didn't help that the other cops with them were just dropping like flies and I felt nothing but they were essentially cannon fodder.  




 I couldn't help but notice that as well. Wonder if this season will follow similar story beats from last season as well.  




 After last week's tongue twister dialogue, I really enjoyed this week's Frank   Ray bar session. Especially when Frank tells him to "put this cop shit to bed." Makes me wonder if Ray will toy with the idea. Also, the line "Sometimes your best self is your worst self" was pretty good and direct reference to that Lera Lynn song from ep 1.  




 Lera's back this week! Though sometimes it almost feels like it's product placement with how prominently she's featured.  




 WTF there was just a freaking massacre in the middle of LA?? That was minimum body count of 30, including like 5-6 cops.  




 During the entire shootout, I couldn't help but wonder how the scene would have turned out if Cary Fukunaga had been directing. 
 




 Agreed, I felt like there were a few too many cuts at the beginning of the scene and that kind of killed the tension a bit for me.  




 During the entire shootout, I couldn't help but wonder how the scene would have turned out if Cary Fukunaga had been directing.  




 Um WTF there was just a massacre in LA?? That was minimum body count of 30, including like 5-6 cops.  




 "Sometimes your best self is your worst self." 




 "Maybe it's time to put this cop shit to bed." Don't think I've ever heard that from a character before.  




 Yay Lera's back! 




 With his wife. I think it might have gotten censored in certain areas?  




 Something creative, where you actually produce something, such as film production, art, creative writing, etc. I was also BS in Economics in college and classes like that really make your brain work in different ways that the usual business or academic classes.  




 I really like this idea - thanks for putting this sub together. I'm in! Sent you a PM.  




 Nothing remotely close.  




 And the kaleidoscope scene (which is omitted) can be found here: https://www.reddit.com/r/HannibalTV/comments/3crg7y/the_kaleidoscope_lesbian_sex_scene/ 









 And this one too: http://i.imgur.com/QjZcgJX.png 









 Bedelia - I just wanna enjoy my high, fuck off everyone 

Jack - Fuck everyone 

Chiyo - Fuck you Will, what part of Hannibal's mine did you not understand 

Alana/Margo - ACID

Mason - Prepping his sitcom(s), Two and A Half Vergers and Dining with Mason Verger and the Yellow King 

Hannibal/Will - JUST KITH ALREADY  




 I loved that line. Also the rest of that scene. 

"You forgive how God forgives." 

"Would you have stopped to gloat?"

"Does God gloat?"

"Often." 




 Reminded me a little bit of the True Detective opening sequence. 









 More like jokes on everyone trying so damn hard to get a piece of Hannibal... Chilton's just gonna reap all the reward at the end. And he's not even in the chase!  




