 Let me introduce you to exaggeration: "a statement that represents something as better or worse than it really is."

Did that help? 




 Real estate prices are far off from income levels.

Cold as shit.

Not so much to do unless you want to hike or eat grass feed, organic, free range, virgin beef with a local IPA at a cost if $85 a plate.

Just a few big employers.

 




 Yeah, that's exactly what it looks like! At first I thought it was my TV.

Really appreciate it! 




 Hmmm very possibly. I've seen it on a few videos, but it is possible they were all BBC.

I'll check again tonight. Appreciate your response. 




 I just finished Ring, Spiral, and Loop and loved them all.

For those unfamiliar, the first book, "Ring", is what the movie "The Ring" is based on. It's horror, and fantastic.

The follow-ups, however, Spiral and Loop, are actually sci-fi novels. I wasn't expecting that transition, but really enjoyed them as they were thought-provoking -- great stories in their own right.

After finishing Loop I learned that Suzuki wrote a follow-up called "S" but that this has not been translated to English. I emailed the publisher of the previous novels to see if there are plans for a translation, but have not heard back.

Do any of you have any idea if this will happen and when?

If you have not read this series, I highly recommend it. 




 Thanks people. I'm going to do a short term membership and see how it goes. 




 When I cast from YouTube to my TV the picture in the center is bright, but very dark around it. The bright area is maybe 8 inches across.

It does not do this when casting from Netflix. 

Any ideas what might be going on here?

Thanks! 




 Hi people.

I'm looking to join a health club, and the woolen mill is very close to me, so I'm thinking about that one.

Some questions for anyone who might be a member:
- What times are the busiest? Are there any times after work (5) that are not so busy?
- What are the people like?
- What do you think of the facility?
- How crowded is the pool?

Thanks redditors. 




 I've posted on here before about how lucky I am that Excedrin works for me.  One of the components is caffeine.

When I've been in season I have drank coke or coffee as a preventative. It does help some people, so I'm not surprised.

I get a warning as well, which tells me to do something, mine is pain and tightness in a lump at the back of my neck, which I've heard isn't uncommon to have in sufferers. 




 39 years old. Only been playing a few months. 




 It's amazing what some people find that can help.

Glad it's working for you! 




 I'm very lucky. Once I feel the initial signs, caffeine more-often-than-not prevents it from escalating. 




 Create an account on snapnames and place an order. They may be able to grab it at expiration.

If someone else orders then it goes to auction. 




 You're just as in the clear for clusters as for being hit by lightning.

Life is short, go live it. 




 How are their oxford shirts? I hate ironing... 




 You don't need advice from us, you need to address your anxiety.

I hope you have someone you can talk to. 




 Meh. I politely disagree. I think he is surrounded by an incredible team.

Not saying he's bad, but not elite. 




 Wilson is elite?

Did I not get the memo? 




 Cold helps me subdue it a bit after it has started (ice or cold showers). 




 Lund 




 Try those resistance bands, easier to carry than the kettle bell. 




 The Mill on the Floss. Nothing happens... 




 Sounds very frustrating, I hate that shit.

I don't have an answer, but try totally uninstalling and reinstalling. 




 Typical for the AI of that game. 

I find single player Expert unplayable due to the AI. They seem to like to watch me die. 




 Awesome, easy to focus on that.

But....how long until I notice a difference? I work out virtually daily.  




 Thanks for replying. Appreciated. 




 Hi r/keto,

I'm new to the keto-way and have a question that I hope someone can answer.

Short background: I'm not looking to lose weight, just my gut. I work out, but my gut is stubborn and doesn't seem to want to shrink. I thought lowering my carbs might help.

So, do you think I need to hit 20g to see the benefits? Can I just reduce my carbs, but maybe go for 40g?

I read this "Another method is to choose a carb goal between 15-50g/day (20g is a good starting point)" in the Gdoc, which got me wondering how important that 20g is as a milestone.

Any help is appreciated. 




 That site would be more effective if it treated the subject without words like "waddle."

By being respectful and debunking her, the writer might save more people from her lies and manipulation. 




 Have to admit I'm a little concerned because if Wallace also goes that's a significantly different corps for Tannehill to get used to. 




 No, it's more like how when you eat Taco Bell it comes out as Taco Bell. 




 Because at one point he was doing something related to cars on it. 




 This brought me to tears.

It's familiar, but only in a way.

I do know how tough it is. It's like a death, a death that keeps dying every day.

I hope you find happiness. 




 Vermonter checking in. 




 My mind is blown. 




 The key term might be "operations".  As an operations manager I can see how he wouldn't impact players or coaches. 




 Sucks about your stomach. When I've talked to doctors about other issues they've always pushed ibuprofen, and never flinched at taking even 9 at a time, which I thought was a lot. I had one doctor even tell me I could take a "fist full". 




 My god, you are strong. I don't think I ever got more than 1 a day. 

Sorry to hear about your health struggles. I hope things are looking up for you. 




 When "in season" (that's what I would call when I was having the stretch of time when I was getting them since they were seasonal) or during the chronic phase I was always tired. After an attack especially. If I had one during the day, which wasn't uncommon, I was a zombie for the remainder.

I wouldn't drink when I was in season, since alcohol is a trigger. Having a drink at lunch was a sure way to hell. Having a consistent sleep pattern was important, and even felt like if I exercised too much, or did anything that might through the pattern off (like a nap), the attacks were somehow worse.

Through some of this time I was married (divorced now), and my wife was very helpful. She would get ice for my head, massage my neck, whatever I needed. There were times when we had company and an attack came, and I would go hide for a while. I would emerge and say I wasn't feeling well, and probably seemed very off.

I've been very private about the headaches, very few people know about them (not even my parents or brother do), as I don't like bothering people with it. There's pros and cons to that. The attacks are ugly, it's not something I want anyone to see or worry about. But then, in season, I would go about life with what felt like a shadow following me, waiting to strike, and obviously no one would know what I was going through.

Not sure what else you might be looking for. Happy to help in any way I can, especially since I've wanted to get into film myself :)
 




 I got my first migraine in the middle of my green belt testing in Tae Kwon Do (at about 25), and had no idea what was going on with my head and had no experience with these kinds of headaches. I managed to get through it by running to the bathroom and drenching my head in cold water.

After that I got a number more that week, and so went to the doctor's. After a number of tests was diagnosed with migraines.

But they very quickly changed.

One night I woke up and the headache was markedly different. It crept up from the back of my neck, the left side, up through the top and side, then to my eye. That knife in the eye and side feeling. The pain was unbelievable. I couldn't do anything but clutch my head, squeeze it, and cry out.

Those continued nightly and so I kept a journal to try and figure out what was going on. The pattern became obvious, they were seasonal. I generally got them 3 months on and 3 months off. After researching, I discovered clusters and it was a match.

I went through a chronic stage for a couple of years, the headaches daily. However, I'm EXTREMELY lucky in that Excedrin actually works for me, if I take it early enough. I typically get a sign that one is coming by a unique pain in the back of my neck, where I have a very noticeable lump, which I hear isn't uncommon for clusterheads.

After the chronic stage it was back to seasonal. Then went a number of years without any at all. For the past few months, though, I've been getting them seemingly randomly.

Good luck with your film, and keep us updated on it. I'd love to see it. 




 It's more convenient to say it was the North Koreans. 




 will that make it so that when she hits the accelerator the hood won't move? 




 Yea, wasn't my intent but I knew how it would come across.

Point was more that everything matters, even when you have the best QB ever. And, Shula wasn't his only coach. 




 Ah, facetious it was then. 

As you were. 




 I like Tannehill but I think it's dangerous to say it doesn't matter who will coach him.

I can think of a few elite quaterbacks who never won a Super Bowl. One of whom is very close to our hearts. 




 er...or he has a winning record because we will play weaker divisions, so Philbin gets an extension, and then 3 years after that he's fired. 




 I found it funny. Don't like that it happened, but it was hilarious. Maybe that's just what he wanted, some humor. 




 Very happy that we don't have to face a Rex Ryan led Jets team anymore. 




 That sounds right. 




 I also remember a play where a receiver was tackled out of bounds by a few players, everyone was hustling around, and Wallace was just walking away like "whatever". 

Wish I could find the play. To me it just sounds like he didn't have his heart in the game.

Let's suppose it was a coach's decision...wouldn't you expect your supposed best receiver to be up that coach's ass during the game to get back in? Either way this doesn't look good for Wallace. 




 You ever work with a guy who nods his head in meetings?

That's what Philbin does. 




 Ironically, Dan the Man is more tan than Tanmarino. 




 Your response doesn't offer anything productive, you offer nothing to actually discuss.  




 I can't really disagree with you. It must be very difficult working on footwork with a 350 pound guy on you. 




 Ah, didn't know that's the origination of it. 




 Nothing wrong with changing your mind, in fact it's a sign of an open mind. Nothing irks me more than someone with an opinion whose mind can't be changed with evidence. 




 As the submitter of this post I felt the need to circle back:  http://www.reddit.com/r/miamidolphins/comments/2h3aa1/guys_we_need_to_talk_about_tannehill/

As someone who was skeptical of Tannehill, I have to say that the past couple of months have changed my mind, and I believe it is because he has actually improved.

His accuracy does seem better, even on the long ball. I've seen just as many long passes just dropped as I've seen possibly bad throws.

We've talked a lot about how bad our o-line is, but every game that goes by I'm thankful that it's Tannehill at the QB position. Other quarterbacks would turn to jelly. Remember Carr? He became shell-shocked from being sacked so much in his early career. We are very lucky that Tannehill, somehow, manages to improve while having literally 2 seconds to make a decision before being clobbered.

Yesterday's perfect passer rating by Geno Smith (jesus that was hard to write) makes it clear we have a lot to work on on defense, but priority 1 still has to be the offensive line. Tannehill needs the time to throw. Not only is he still towards the top in terms of sacks, but even when he isn't he is throwing the ball in what looks like a frenzied black friday at Wal-Mart scene. It looks less and less to me like Tannehill is holding on too long, and more like he is constantly pressured. Yes, moving around the pocket can help, but the line needs to improve too.

Anyway, I'm pumped in what I've seen from Tannehill the past couple of months and am looking forward to having him as our QB. I'm on the fence about Philbin, I don't see him as a winner, but that is what it is.

Lastly, and no offense, but "the Passmaster" just doesn't do it for me. I think another nickname is needed. 




 That's a bold statement. Looks to me like it's really just Wallace, who is a deva. No one else does this, so why paint the entire team that way? 




 Holding my breath only because I don't want Tannehill hurt 




 Could've hit both though. 




 Can't tell on TV. So it'll stand 




 She nailed Landry? 




 Naw, he deserved it. 




 Or last year...GMs pick the players, coaches put them on the field. 




 They tried. Applebee's said they were not interested in a manager that would send the janitor out on the floor to take orders. 




 I'm sure i'll get downvoted but this doesn't bother me at all. If you're the leader, and you're so good, you can still win. I don't see it as impacting the fun at all. 




 Does it happen to you? 









 Anyone want to play Counter Strike? 




 Another year under this oline and he'll move like Marino 




 You're an asshole. 




 It won't let me read the article :( 




 Why reward him? 




 Clap your hands everybody
And everybody clap your hands
For Lambda Lambda Lambda and
Omega Mu.

...it goes on but I don't want to type it all. 




 I can definitely see why he can't be that person. The team has routinely lost the games when the playoffs were on the line.

As for injuries...Ngata was out, Rice suspended, they had excuses too. It's not like Tannehill and Wake were gone. 




 It's not crazy to want to find the guy who can coach us for 10 years and not 4. 




 Please not Jim Harbaugh! I know the appeal because he goes in and wins for a couple of seasons, but the trend with him is he starts to really get under the skin of those around him. Long term it isn't worth it. I've other people give excuses about media hype, but where there's smoke there's fire.

I would be really disappointed to see him come to the Dolphins. 




 That's right. Until WE DO IT, we are not there.
 




 That was heart wrenching. My best to your husband, your son, and you. 




 At least someone hates us. 









 How dumb do you have to be to not communicate with neighbors about it?

I'm sure Jesus would have hidden like that. 




 Where the fuck was the pressure on Manning? You're telling me we couldn't get creative to help Wake and Vernon get to the old man?

That was the difference in the game IMHO. 




 So he's King of the Hill?

As in Hank Hill, or the game you play as kids? 




 Ybba.com

Studied there for years. There are some issues with some of the leaders, but the head instructor is good. 




 I prefer NameCheap.com. A little cheaper than GoDaddy and I like the domain management system better. 




