 I am still torn as well. Thanks for the input though!  




 As promised here is the link.

http://imgur.com/a/Ktmop

Honesty is best, please, what do these say to you?  




 I am in the process of revamping my book covers, and I asked before for a "no holds bared" opinion on the covers I had put forward. Your input was invaluable, so I am hoping that here, in round 2, you can all assist me again. Link is in comments so as to not be considered advertising. The book title is common enough that you would have to dig if you wanted to find it at this point.  




 I would love to be included in this. Even if I don't win, it would  be really cool to see it happen for someone. 




 Limiting yourself by age seems like a major mistake to me. Unless your intent is something other than a partner.

I don't fit in your criteria, however I am always looking for artists to help express what I can create with words. 

I can't offer you much help, but perhaps there is someone out there that can. 

Good luck!  




 Hang out in r/writingprompts for a while and try your hand a few. That might help. 

On the other side though, careful what you start. As an author, I have too many ideas. It's now a serious lack of time that gets in my way...

And Reddit...that too.  









 Count me in, real name and all!  




 The Event by Jamie Heppner.


It's an apocalyptic sci fi fantasy that never gets a dull moment without something happening. 

And, it was written by a Gamer (odds are like your husband) that just got tired of playing the games.  




 I started writing an independant story in the 7D world, but it never really hit home with anyone so I dropped it. Perhaps if there were more interest I would start again. 




 you missed some 0's I think.  




 I am at 38...so maybe what, .06c earned? 




 All of my stuff is on Amazon :) 


*Edit* Link for the interested, might as well since Reddit is so up in arms over pretty much everything these days. Here is my stick to add to the fire. 

**edit 2** Robot won't let me link so, use your mind! ! ! 

http://www. """Big book seller online, might start with an A""" .com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss_1?url=search-alias%3Daps field-keywords=jamie+heppner 




 Me!

But my definition of near and yours may be completely different... 




 Sorry, but I am confused? You are saying don't do anything with it? Meaning,  you like it and don't think it should change? 

(I like Buffy, but Angel was really the only good spinoff IMHO)  




 Gotcha...Carefull, may be a best seller out there entitled MOON! one day. 

I know this needs work, I just need to find what I am really going for, that hasn't already been done 1000 times. 
 




 You are right with it being tied in and yes, it is broken, even more than in that image. Perhaps I could tone down the people, and bring a more shattered moon as a complete background image?  




 That actually made me LOL, MOOON! 
Maybe that's why I should have tied into it more, or even just change the title to MOON! 

However, this story has been around since before Twilight, and the moon is tied in, hence the show. Is it vital on the cover? Nope.

I am more interested in what you are trying to say with Show, don't tell. When as a cover, it's all show? That's where I am running into problems, how can I use a cover to say the words I want said. With no words. Perhaps I should turn the world on it's heels and put my synopsis on the front and back, with only a faded image in the background... 




 27b/6 is awesome! 

I came here for honesty. I would rather have it. 

I am thinking of tossing the background almost completely. The moon, does have significance... 




 Thank you. I have my doubts and they are being realized. I have showed others, but since they know me I am getting nothing but "Awesome! Great! Perfect!"

I know better and Reddit loves to be brutally honest with people. That's why I am here.  




 Thanks! That's a great help!  




 Thank you. There is a "too digital" quality that I am not a fan of.  




 You would be surprised what counts as advertising here on reddit. I will post it here in the comments hoping it doesn't get me blocked. 

"Can evil be defeated, or does it merely transform?


Donovan is evil.


He knows it.


He doesn't care.

When an unprecedented solar flare ruins the earth, it changes all humanity, turns back the clock to days long gone, and gives Donovan the power to do almost anything he wants.

That is, as long as he can get rid of his sister.

After all, she has the same power he does.

 




 Hey, I said no holds barred and I meant it. 

If I tell people about it, the author, or anything other than a picture. I am advertising. If I could have removed the title. I would have done that too. 

Thanks for the input regardless.  




 As mentioned, here is the imgur link.

http://i.imgur.com/WptonAs.jpg?1 









 Here is the link for pictures. http://imgur.com/a/Zrpy6  




 I have a large part of the work already done, but I am looking for a way to place the glass inserts without large bulky tabs underneath. 

I think that ideally I should have cut a small bevel around that the glass could have fit in, but my tools are limited (almost everything so far is done by hand) and I am so close to getting finished that I am doing my best not to rush. I will place a few photos in the comments to show the general outlay. 

TL:DR Glass needs to go in, how can I hold it without making it look like crap? 









 Look at the date of the original post. Not this persons post.

This is posted on the bottom.

"Note: The San Jose Police Department confirmed the break-in occurred on October 29, 2014, and provided me with a case number. Roohparvar has also provided the following image of his busted-in office door."

 




 Anyone else notice the original article is already a year old?  




 Maybe take a look at [Mirror Thief](http://www.amazon.com/Mirror-Thief-Jamie-Heppner-ebook/dp/B00FFRD672) It's on the smaller side, but still getting 5 Stars. 









 Nice pun.  Yes, I am thinking it was a bad start, but the feeling is there, why should I give them a second chance when the first left a "rotten egg" taste in my mouth. 




 That is the kind of experience I would have liked to have. Sadly, I don't see it happening. I tried customer service but just got the same answer over and over. I don't think it's worth a second try. 




 It would have been if they had actually shipped the product. They are just charging me (potentially) and not shipping anything. 

If the product had actually left, I would understand delays out of their hands. However, they just said they might be billing me, but aren't shipping anything. 




 I live a little out of the way, so normal shipping is two weeks. They promised to have it in 2 days, 3-4 would have been expected, so now I am sitting for anywhere from 8-10 days at the best. Odds are, I will have another bill pop up long before I get this card and I will have to start saving all over again now.  




 That's the problem, now I sit on my chair and wait. Or I take a chance and only create more problems in the long run. All because NewEgg can't figure out what they are doing. 




 I am no stranger to online shopping. This however is a first, if my address contained a "C" but I typed it as a "c" they would cancel my order. 

I checked, it was the exact same address as I have been using for 3 years. That's just their excuse for a cancellation.  




 Odd, my money may be disappearing, but no cool stuff will be appearing. 
 




 I just ordered my GTX970 (finally saved enough money for it) and within 24h they cancelled my order. Claimed there was a problem with my shipping address. (Used it for 3 years, paypal and ebay confirmed) and that I may be charged the full amount from my bank regardless. But I shouldn't worry, the money will be refunded in up to 5 business days. So they say. 

SO! Now I can't even buy another card since I have to wait a full 5 days to make sure the bank doesn't withdraw the funds for a card I am not going to get and put me in an overdrawn state.

I just beat my head against my firewall for 30 minutes with their customer support, but they just kept copy/pasting the same cookie cutter responses. I have had more intelligent conversations with a bot...

I am not too happy with NewEgg right now. To say the least.

So am I alone? Or has anyone else been treated like this from these guys.  




 Cept in this instance...

http://www.amazon.ca/Mirror-Thief-Jamie-Heppner-ebook/dp/B00FFRD672 




 You have 4 posts over the last 4 months and every one of them are you asking for help. The kindness of Reditors can be amazing, however perhaps you should be looking somewhere more local first.

Not saying you aren't legit, but? 




 So...I was just thinking... 




 I see you grabbed it. Thanks! Will let you know if I get more than a penny. 




 Nope. I can even show the bank deposit for it. Amazon loves to rape its authors.  




 Thanks! I don't see a lot of traffic so it would be a nice test of how much Amazon actually pays. I am not %100 sure, but I think the last one I was paid .01. 




 You got it!


http://www.amazon.com/Mirror-Thief-Jamie-Heppner-ebook/dp/B00FFRD672/ref=asap_bc?ie=UTF8

There are other under the same name if you feel so inclined.  




 Caves, deep and usually under water.  




 Unless you are an administrator, you can't. If the message is blank it's an unfinished program, or a glitch.  




 It's the server sending you a message. For instance on one server I play in it tells you when you are within 1k of the boarder. 
 




 I ran...and ran, and ran. Still alive! 




 Have to keep looking, bigger towns are the best bet! 




 Was just on it  




 Follow a road, keep going, find a town. 




 Zombies spawn everywhere. Not just the city.

Dogs are still in game and just as strong. 

Yes, you have greater numbers but read that first line again. 

Logged in at night, in the desert, no town and was instant killed 3 times in a row.  




 Perhaps your humor is to deep for us. But, don't see it here. 




 I had a hand full of nails today after working on some home reno's and I was thinking...damn I need a nail gun. My wife just looks at me and shakes her head now.
 









 Google is great, experience is greater.  




 It looks good, but I am in Canada, so far all these sites are charging a small fortune to get anything past the ice wall...

 









 Do you have any samples of work you have done before?  




 Stand alone with great twists try The Event by Jamie Heppner. There is a sequel in the works but it doesn't need it to finish the story. 














 Actual speed. Even compaired it to a newbie char last night. My 180 char is way faster. 




 What is your current health at? That might be the difference, I am around 170 I think...I just took it for a level base but it may be more than that.  




 It's part of character development, and I actually like it. I understand that you can't have everything right off the bat. 

Things that are worked for are more valuable to me. 

However, I also understand that other people just like the down and dirty, so if I were that person I would just turn on debug mode, hit g and run till your heart is content.  




 Source would be me, at lvl 23, running very very well. :)  




 You do know that as you gain levels you get faster right? 




 If you haven't found a buyer yet, let me know.  




 I don't care how many other people are. I stand alone! 




 Just wait until she becomes a proffesional redhead...! 




 Does, for the love of god, type DOES! 




 Have you looked at fiver? With art/writing skills you might be able to make the money in a couple days, or sooner.  




 Just and idea, but you can grab a zip drive for around 10 bucks and use it as a HD, not a ton of room, but it's better than nothing?  




 Not much to go on, but here is the first description of Dario Fisher from Mirror Thief. 

"For the longest time I simply just stared at the reflection in the mirror. The lines were still there. The brown eyes still had the light inside of them, I could see the signs of healing, although it looked like hell, it must have been worse before. My hair had been cut, poorly, it wasn't a style I would have chosen myself, yet I guess it was better than what it could have been if left to grow out. My face showed only the slightest bit of a scruff growing in. I didn't normally let my beard grow out, but I could see the advantage of not having a close shave at this point of a healing process. I noted with some regret that my goatee had been trimmed off. Ah well, it would grow back if I let it."

He has just awoken inside a hospital after a motorcycle accident. White male about 18 years old. I would like to see what image this little bit brings to your mind... 




 I am sure that it's a glitch at this level. They are just a box after all, one would think that you should be able to open it, locked or not. Perhaps in 11 it will be one of the "many" bug fixes!  




 Not working for Audible,
Budding...sure, we can call it that.
Shame, but enjoy your months of questions anyway! :)  




 Sounds like an awesome guy, I'm sure that he is. You are very fortunate to remember at least that much, all I remember of mine was him being angry and telling us kids to be quiet. 









 InvalidCust actually... 




 There is a company that makes aftermarket heater setups for older vehicles that never came with any heat. It wasn't a factory fit, but it did supply heat from the coolant lines much like todays vehicles. I believe they used to be a couple hundred dollars. I don't have the places name handy, but I know a guy that will be at work tomorrow who does. Since you mentioned you are in Canada as well I can get the toll free number to his work for you, see if he can dig up a name from his old memory. 

PM me if you are interested in that road.  




 1:Do you read e-books? (if you ever find time after answering all these questions.)

2:Would you like one for free?

3: If you like it, would you publicly tell everyone how awesome it was?
 




 I was hoping for some input on the logistics/plausability. I will wait and see.  









 Okay. Prove it. Prove you don't cheat. What server were you on, and who was the admin? I will personally ask them.  




 Oh well  then since no one lies on the internet, you should just message the mod and explain it was all an accident. 

I am a mod and I spend 2+ hours a night cleaning up after people that "weren't cheating".  




 Sure. DON'T FUCKING CHEAT!

And your steam ID gets banned. Not your game. 

If you want to dupe, go play offline. Some people actually want to play without cheaters messing things up for them.

 




 If it makes you feel better, I'm sitting here thinking...damn missed opportunity. 




 Had you hoped for a secret message and we're vastly disappointed to not find one? 




 Many places already have stopped doing DLST. If I had a vote, I would abolish it as well. Stupid thing, who thinks you can cut a foot off the top of a blanket, sew it on the bottom, and have a longer blanket?  




 WTF! Screw looking at the paper, run for the hills and get the hell away from that toilet!  




 No, just messing around for now. Not many readers around for this game yet. 

Maybe TFP are looking for a writer though? 

That would be cool! 




 Thanks :) I plan on it. I am enjoying the different writing for now.  




 Define "wonkey"? 

Not really sure what you mean here. There are worlds, they are generated...what else did you need?  




 The Event by Jamie Heppner

Dark post apocalyptic good vs evil where good is questionable...
 




 Please remember, this is just raw writing I am doing in my spare time. Errors will and do exist, and feel free to point them out, but I am spending no extra time editing this stuff. It's just for fun!  









 Rainmeter. 




 And I now see you are OP, so do you know the wattage of what you purchased?  




 Very true. But a 1500w space heater needs at least a 1500w inverter (I won't get into spike wattage detail, but a 2000w inverter would be even better.) so the odds of OP buying that large an inverter is slim on a limited budget.   




 Sadly an inverter won't power a heater very well, if at all. You are better off to run the car and use it's heaters that way. Even better to stock up on blankets and be sure to put some under you when you sleep as well. 

Hope you don't get too cold. 




 True. But they don't usually talk like  .... 




 Yes, you need to set up a blocking system. Or your server will be over run in no time.  




 Omw! I'm just north of you! 




 I am always open to input. Feel free to message me here, or find me on FB. My name is no secret here on Reddit. 




 If it makes you feel any better, I say down and just typed. There is no editing process involved in this at all.

Other than spell check, which has failed me before.

Thanks, I think I will see what the rest of the night brings me. 




 A hug. 




 I have an idea on how to incorporate some of those skills in a learning curve. Thanks for reading.  




 Rest of night and day 2 coming soon! 




 I already do. But having your work enjoyed by others makes it even more enjoyable to me. 




 Thanks :) I think I will more than likely write more.  




 hehe, we will see...I am having fun writing it so far. If there is support, I might continue.  




 Perhaps. 

What did it feel like when you held her hand?
Looked into her eyes as the lights in the cafe shifted shadows across her face?
When she stepped away from that first night as  you watched her sit down into a cab and close the door?


She isn't real on google. 




