 What? How? And FUCK YEAH!  




 It was.. Dana Carry ad libbed the line to mess with Mike Meters. The reaction was so good they kept it for the film 




 This.... I am so glad this is a thing 




 Are those really 20's?? Would have guessed 16's maybe 18's tops... Either way I fucking love your ride man.  




 Sons of Anarchy fallout 




 What about adding the Kuchi Kopi to the Louise tattoo?  









 That must have been tough.. Sorry you and your family had to deal with that... Is she okay?  




 I went in to the bathroom to get her a cold wet rag.. Even though she had cleaned it all out while she was in the shower the smell was so strong I threw up 




 Really? No shit? I would have guessed by some of the signage hanging that was a WF.. Great display.. Going to have to check that one out 




 To me the white balance in the video (all be it unintentional) reminds me of the filming style of begotten. Also looking at Alice Coopers face, particularly his eyes while he's singing The Second Coming, to me is just creepy.  




 No.. But blood pressure drop.. We had to expedite our flight home and she was in the hospital for a week after emergency surgery 

Edit: auto correct error change 




 Are they balistically similar to grapes?  




 Serious: which whole foods is this?  









 That I'm not a felon unlike every one of her other ex's (I don't know what the hell I wax thinking) and also I'm the only boyfriend I had who didn't cheat on her.  




 Retaliate with Lingenberries  




 Wine 

Ftfy 




 I'd get it tattooed to look like NASA's Saturn V Rocket 




 On vacation in a hotel.. My ex who had multiple health problems had a digestive hemorage in the shower and bled out profusely anally. The smell was so bad they had to relocate everyone within two rooms of ours.  




 Katiebird *Certifiable Crazy Person 

Split screen view of a serial killer and her victims.. Incredibly overwhelming 




 Drop the comment in eh parenthesis and you'd have a decent post 




 What kind of music do you play here? 

Oh we play both kinds. Country AND Western!  




 Good candidate for /r/idiotsfightingthings 




 Super fucked up, not arguing that... But my guess is this kids case is more an "oh shit I fucked up oh shit" than being arrogant or entitled.. Super fucked up either way 




 I had something for this.. Shit... I always keep a couple boob puns on hand but nothing comes to mammary 




 A rouse you idiot  




 Bear gets fed up, flips cube into a deep lake on principle 




 "Your eyes are too close together"
May not be shattering.. But it stops them in their tracks and weakens self confidence 




 You know... Not that you'd want to 




 I started with two upper body days and two lower body days with a mid section day and 2 rest days and was getting results before I stepped it up... 

My routine was 10 - 15 minutes light cardio to warm up, deep stretching, weights for the day, 30 minutes of cardio just intense enough I thought I couldn't make it and finish out with 2 or 3 core exercises and more deep stretching.. Do core every day (my trainer says even just one or two quick core exercises on rest days)

Change up what weight routines you do weekly so your body doesn't adapt and essentially "get bored" of your work out.  




 What the hell is that message about anyways?  




 The guy who is down in front... Has the old am cap one style... Cigar.. Slicked back hair, dressed sharp 









 Congrats 




 Making sure I read that right 




 That can die too 




 1. Tommy Boy 
2. Road to Perdition 
3. Halloween 




 You laughed out loud out loud?  




 56 Guys who signed the declaration are on fleek 




 You misspelled bandwagon moron brigade 




 This sense of elitism that shows up on reddit 




 Scene where Katie gets drug out by her feet still bothers me 




  one of few where the sequel is equally terrifying... Something unnerving about being alone in a hospital 




 There's no build up to any of the scares... Shot just comes out of no where without warning.. No false scares... The opening credits alone are unsettling.  




 Awesome.. Can we edit a little yellow jumpsuit on him 




 Zip disks 




 Your not alone. Recently I've been thinking of dropping Reddit and this just kind of affirmed my decision. Blacking out and choosing who gets to be a part of major subs goes against what Reddit is about. IMO it's also a little elitist. This whole blackout and random uninformed people jumping on the bandwagon just proves to me there is a sheep mentality even here, it's just better disguised.  




 Am I the only one who really thinks this is all one big case of cutting off noses to spite our own faces? What guarantee is their that any of this will even work?  




 In short: CEO fires important employee. In return the admins of the site protest by becoming incredibly exclusive. The exclusivity (which goes against everything this site was stands for) will drive people away lowering traffic numbers and forcing the CEO to either higher the admin who was fired or shut the site down, thus punishing the vast majority of users who are uninvolved. 

Tl;dr: an odd case of cutting off your nose to spite everyone else's faces.  




 If you think the start is hard core wait till season 3 finally 




 It's a hale mairpiece 




 I don't know. That would mean he'd have to believe in something that he can't take credit for creating himself...  




 I figured scuffs, wasn't aware of the adhesive. Admittedly I've jumped in twice, both recently. I saw the scuff but they buffed out, no sign of adhesive or anything stuck to it. I wonder if it fades in the weather or with contact.  




 Please specify. I think we might be thinking of two different groups of people. Not sure where you're leaning.  




 Those poles are kind of a joke. A 4cyl 2 door honda civic can make it through. They bend over very easily.  




 So please enlighten me... Please list all of the nations that would actually join into a holy war in the name of the church. Please find some sort of educated source beyond your own personal opinion, that supports States supporting a religious war, in the name of the Catholic Church, against Islam.  




 I figured Donald Trump was just Joaquin Phoenix in great make up reaching his highest acting challenge ever.  




 Notice I said American Catholic. Not a lot of Holy Wars being waged out here in the suburds... Besides, isn't most of the fighting going on in Northern Ireland for political control? Granted, historically religion played a part decades, even a century ago. But isn't independence and social control the real issue?  




 Sorry. American Catholic with German Irish and Norweigian roots. The Catholic church (especially on the community level) is a peaceful one. 

Edit: And yes. I believe I said back woods rednecks... Of course that includes Scotsmen.  




 So it's bush league to not pick up the phone, but it's not to take EVERY beef you have with someone to social media? When is DEBC going to learn that their president is their own worst enemy.  




 The FAR vast majority of Catholics wouldn't even consider it. I think if anyone did follow it'd be back woods rednecks claiming to be Catholic just for a chance to jump in.  




 Anodyne is solid. I liked it a lot. Whole foods park lane has it on and they have a Crowler machine. I talked to Waide their beer specialist,, he said it holds good for up to two months 




 That's the coolest Holy Shit moment of the week  




 32oz of 9.25%abv. You have to build a tolerance to something like that ha... But on an empty stomach at the end of the day..... Yeah I was done too 




 Wait.... I didn't know that BOB SAFER RAPED AND KILLED A GIRL IN THE 1990'S  




 Obligatory myopic, cliche and sexist joke about wanting to see the honeymoon, from a male Internet user. 

Congrats y'all. Don't let anyone take your happiness away. 

Edit: wow, apparently the sarcasm in the first half of my comment got missed 









 Not a fan. Was very excited. Thought if a brewery was going to do a raspberry Wit community would be the one to nail it. Had an unpleasant bitter after taste like fruit or berry seeds. Also just seem to be a 1 demensional beer. Was kind of let down.  




 You have captured the exact reason I don't watch me a soccer 




 Much smaller leagues back then. To get to a full season and series playoffs you had to have more series.  




 Ideally yeah... A separation between church and state with a union would be great... But realistically our government is run by corrupt and flawed humans. The only function of the government is to provide public service and protect citizens from harm. In no way is it the right for the government to decided what moral decisions we should make if they do not cause financial or physical harm to others. Saying a governing body of a nation this big should be the moral police is horrifying. Historically theocracies kill more of its own citizens than they protect. In now way now, nor ever was it the United States governments job to decide what was morally right for its people... That's up to the person to do. Don't look to the Hill for moral guidence, look to the Gospel, your family and yourself.  




 Wiki can explain it better than I can. In short,, tradition from the 50's revolving the playoffs 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legend_of_the_Octopus 




 You are correct, sorry for the incorrect information of squid v octopus 




 On the upside: this is further distancing the gap between church and state. Our Gov obviously does not always govern based on moral decision... Laws are supposed to be written to keep people safe. For some reason our government thinks it's their job to tell it's people what is right and wrong, it's not, it's their job to tell us what is legal and illegal. I hope this reminds everyone to remain faithful to their faith before their country.  




 It doesn't work if you don't remain abstinent... If you actually maintain abstinent you won't get yourself or someone else pregnant. Once you have sex how ever abstitence only is null and void. Sex however is way to awesome for will power and discipline to prevail for 99.9999% of the population 




 Does this mean when she visits Detroit we can throw squids at her.  




 I think Blue Bell announced to roll onto shelves with the flavor soon 




 You are certainly right about both 




 Pretty wild. Do you have more pics at different angles?  




 I'm curious what the weight of this bike is vs the weight of its original model. If your a daily rider and spend time on busy highways adding this kind of weight to a sporty could solve push around from drafting problems... Any which way, to answer your question. If you like it, then yes, it's cool. Fuck what everyone else thinks. Your bike, your money, your opinion.  




 Well done sir 




 There's a scene from the Fron Files season 4 ep 12 where Tina is dancing and seducing the zombie basketball team. Does anyone have a gif of this? 




 So are we from here on our going to ignore that the civil war even happen??? Will civil war, confederacyI and Stone Wall Jackson or Robert E Lee be banned words by the FCC eventually?  




 A sportster modded out to an old style Dresser........ I can dig it... It's one of the most creative sportster mods I've seen here.  




 Best words ever spoken on this sub 




 Hello Texas State Fair 




 I'm not too unreasonably far from there.  Where is it, part of a park? 




 Amen 




 I sure as shit hope 9ts the last place you look, otherwise you're just wasting time 




 It's odd.  The only thing that doesn't look photoshoped is the face.  Underwear and sticking even look artificial 




 I'm currently working for a retailer.  I love the company I work for but trying to make my way into the medic field.  I am looking for a program or examples of programs here in the U.S. who offer night classes for nursing and/or paramedic programs.  The great Google gods have turned up no such resources so far. 




 I love the prison mullet, at first I thought it was in cornrows or braided 




 Sour chocolate with red food coloring.... nah, I'm good 




 This new alliance was my favorite development over the whole season.  Dogget drops a lot of her white trash and grows, and Boo ki m d of becomes a mom.   




 Yeowza! 




 Agreeing with Spartan and Loller, sometimes it's also an issue of face time.  Almost every time I've switched jobs I've had success because I had time to get in front of people.  I worked as a line cook for years training to be a chef.  Almost every job I got was because I went in and worked for free for a few days to show my skill.  A few jobs were because I knew someone who was opening a restaurant or they had a friend who was.  After a while in had success working in several great places and the resume got me the job.
 




 Mad Max Road warrior and Beyond the Thunder dome were hands dowm better than the original 




 Who the hell is that? 









 I've seen him in his 19 70's B Film space hero outfit and his 60's hippie get up.  I've also seen videos of him in an episode 4, white robe Pincess Leah costume complete with ear buns and an obsoletely terrifying scare crow costume draped in rope lights. 




 Yeah, one or two early on was okay (at best)  Her voice reminds me of that one awesome lady who sings really well at church.  But it really breaks the 4th wall hearing her, especially during a Montage or scene that has her in it or focuses on her  




 All three actually.  The maker is The Electric Guitar Company.  It anodized aluminum powder coated tangerine, lights turn it a little red. 




 You misspelled "festering boil" 




 Not always.  Buzz always does, he has several different ones.  Jeff Pinkus  (current bass player) has a standard uniform of sleeveless shirt, ball cap, jeans and cowboy boots.  Last night Dale Cover was in athletic shorts and an under armor shirt.  I've seen him in everything from a flashgordon hawkman costume to a ladies night gown.  Whatever is weird, light and breathes.  I totally dig the fact that Buzz only wears PF Flyers 




 They tour almost non stop, their shows are on the inexpensive side, all you have to do is show up early and not move from your spot  









 Yeah, who really uses fructise shampoo, that stuff is horrible for your hair 




 Gemma singing 

Edit: Katy Sagal singing  




 Holy shit, I was not prepared to see that 




 I love Hemmingway.  His writting was incredibly detailed and he painted vivid pictures with words.  That being said he was a hard core alcoholic with wicked temper issues who let his demons win. 




 Fuck Yeah 




 2 months into my journey and I've made progress.  I finally have the discipline in hitting the gym everyday.  I've been disciplined in my diet and taking steps.  I'm now 2 weeks into no diary, no bread, no booze.  But today I've been having intense cravings for EVERYTHING I've committed to no eating. Do you practice cheat days?  24 hours of whatever I want.  Or should I stay strong? 




