 To read what happened before now, go here.

Entry one: https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/3cw6dx/i_think_someone_is_stalking_me_please_help/

Entrytwo:https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/3czvnm/i_think_someone_is_stalking_me_please_help_part/

Im sorry its taken me a little while to continue my entries. I spent the last couple of days at the police station. Ill explain why in a moment. 


After getting that cryptic email, I found it difficult to leave my dorm. I spent the rest of Saturday night (and early Sunday morning) terrified, trying to distract myself with weird YouTube videos and upbeat music. I started feeling detached sometime around 3 AM It was one of those things I cant really explain. It was like I was losing my sense of self, bleeding into some foreign form. I tried to calm my anxiety by thumbing through some old scrapbooks and looking at photos of my happy family before the tragedy struck. I loved my Dad so much. Just seeing the pictures gave me a sense of longing and yearning for his voice 


For a couple of days afterwards, everything actually seemed okay. I went to class and avoided contact with anyone and everyone that I could. As soon as my last class would get out, Id rush back to my dorm and lock the doors. I repeated this cycle for days. It was much easier than facing the reality that my roommates and teachers thought I was crazy. I got weird looks everywhere I went. Some people still called me Sunny, but I chose to ignore it. After the messages from Ez, I blocked his number. I havent heard from him since. 


Around Thursday of last week, some strange rumours began circling around campus. I heard my roommates talking about it when I was eating breakfast in our kitchen one morning. Apparently, a girl on campus named Heather had been missing for a number of days and no one knew where she was. One of the girls in my room, lets call her Sophie, apparently knew Heather really well. She was devastated and had no idea where Heather couldve gone. As soon as I heard this, my mind jumped back to that cryptic email. I was so worried that whomever was stalking me had had something to do with Heathers disappearance. 


By Friday, the news had circulated to the entirety of the campus and the police got involved. Heather was nowhere to be found. Apparently, her roommates said that they hadnt seen her since this huge frat party on July 9th. I was at the party, although I didnt remember anything strange happening. 


By Saturday, the police began questioning the students, looking for anyone who had any information about her. They took it dorm by dorm. My group was questioned around seven o clock that night. The questioning took place in a room Im fairly certain used to serve as a broom closet. It stunk heavily of chemicals and sweat. You have to know that by the time I got in the room, alone, with the officer, I began to feel uncomfortable. Even though I knew that I had nothing to do with Heathers disappearance, the email had frightened me. Whoever had sent it had clearly meant to intimidate me, and it worked. The questions were all fairly straightforward- Did I know Heather, did I know anyone who would want to hurt her, did I know where she had been at the party that night. I told them that I had been at the party, but had never met Heather. The officer pulled out a glossy headshot of a pretty blonde with large blue eyes. 


As soon as I saw the image, something clicked in my mind. I had known Heather as a child. We went to the same elementary school in Florida. I hadnt seen her since 5th grade, though, and had no idea that we went to the same college. I told the officer all of this. Our fathers had been very close and operated a small marketing business together, my dad the President and hers the Vice.  Before he passed away, I remember seeing Heather often at barbeques and company dinners. Her father even spoke at my dads funeral.  I couldnt believe I knew her. 


After I told him this, the officer got more and more suspicious. He asked me deeper questions, getting into details about our childhood and the relationship between our families. By the time I was dismissed, it was a huge relief. Later that night, the officers showed up at my dorm. They asked that I leave with them to stay at the station. I was confused and incredibly scared. I had no clue what they wanted with me. 


Once we got to the station, they took me into a room with an older and heavier officer. He was very kind and gave me coffee. Apparently, some other students who preferred to be kept anonymous had told them that I may have been connected to Heathers disappearance. Additionally, a couple of teachers had told them that I had been acting strange and was potentially mentally unstable. He told me that my mother had been notified and was instructed to call back later to discuss further plans. I was so scared. Angry that I had been accused, but more than anything, scared. He told me he believed that I didnt have anything to do with it, especially based on my spotless mental health and school records, but they would need proof. Someone that had been with me that night to testify that I wasnt involved. To my demise, I found it difficult to remember what exactly had happened. I remembered going to the party and dancing, but after that, everything was sort of a blur. All I could see in my minds eye was entering the party, bright lights, and waking up the next morning back in my dorm room. Of course, I didnt tell him this. I knew how crazy it sounded, even to me, and figured that if I told him any of it, it would only turn out to be more incriminating. Part of me wanted to tell him about the whole Sunny situation, but as my mental health was already in question, I figured it best not to. I fell asleep on a metal cot later that night. 


My mom called the station early the next morning. Of course, she wanted to know everything. I heard the officer talking to her for a while, profusely explaining the situation and apologizing for all the trouble it was causing me and her. Afterwards, he handed the phone over to me. I heard my mom crying on the other end. Sweetie, are you okay? Please, God, tell me youre okay! As soon as I heard her voice, I started bawling. I told her everything, the stalking, the email, the accusations, all of it. By the time I was done, she started to get anxious as well. Summer, I think its time you come home. Somethings going on down there, and I know you have nothing to do with it, but I dont think its safe for you to be there anymore. Ill try and find a way to fly out there as soon as I possibly can, and after I talk to the police, you can come right back home with me. Does that sound alright? Of course it did! I was so ridiculously relieved, and it felt as if a weight had been lifted off my shoulders. 


After speaking with my mom and the school superintendent, I was released to go back to my dorm room. Unsurprisingly enough, my roommates acted really uncomfortable around me. I figure they were probably the ones that had told the cops I was unstable. I locked myself in my room and started packing everything back up. The more I put into boxes, the better I felt. It was wonderful. All of that was gone the minute I picked up my scrapbooks. 


My beautiful, kitschy scrapbooks, the ones I had pored over nights ago, were ruined. Torn to shreds. The minute I pulled the box out of my closet and saw the torn covers, a feeling of deep anxiety filled my stomach. With shaking hands, I opened one up. That specific scrapbook was meant to commemorate the year I was 8, right before my dad passed away. On the first page, there was a large photo of Heather and I in third grade. Someone had written EVIL BITCH in bright red sharpie right next to her face. Barely able to move, I turned the page gingerly. More photos of Heather and I, along with some other friends. In every photo Heather was a part of, some sort of sharpie caption followed.  DADDYS LITTLE PSYCHO, MURDEROUS TWIT, and CRAZY BACKSTABBER dotted nearly every page. I was scared to death. I closed the scrapbooks and put them back in the closet. I havent even opened my closet since then. I laid in bed all day yesterday. Scared to move. Scared to speak. I dont even think I slept. 


This morning, I got a text from my mom. The earliest flight she could get in is for Wednesday afternoon. I should be gone by Wednesday night. It was some relief, but after the scrapbooks, Im so scared. Someone has been sneaking in. Someone. I dont know who, or how, or why, but someone wants the police to think that I hurt Heather. Im so terrified. A few hours ago, I drove down to the lake and threw all of the scrapbooks in. Even the ones without writing. Just the thought of someone tampering with them makes me not want them anymore. On the way back to my car, I a glint of silver on the ground near the dock. On closer inspection, it was a bracelet, and a familiar one at that. It was mine. My charm bracelet. It had been a gift from my Dad before he passed. It was mucky and disgusting, and looked like it had been there a while. I have no idea how it was out there. I didnt even remember losing it. I didnt wear it when I took the scrapbooks, and I havent worn it for a few days, at least. I started thinking that maybe whos been sneaking into my room took my bracelet and wore it out there. I ripped off every individual charm and tossed it in the water. I threw the chain itself as far out into the lake as I could. 


Im back in my dorm now. I plan to stay here until Wednesday. I have everything I need here, and no one can hurt me. No one can sneak in and mess with my mind. No one can make me feel delusional or crazy, and no one can accuse me of anything. I will wait for my mother to come, and then I will leave just as quickly and painlessly as I came. Ill be gone so soon. So soon. I just have to stay sane until then. 


 




