 [Here's their schedule if you're intersted.](http://www.titansonline.com/schedule/season-schedule.html) 




 Should have known by that curl... 




 I'm thinking that there's a high rate of turnover in their organization...  










































































 Awesome! Where was this taken at? 




  Then name it Samuel L. Jackson Chameleon.

That or Karma Chameleon... 













































































































 Flattery will get you everywhere! 




 I'm happy for him and am looking forward to watching him in the pros. 








































































































 Blue balls need to nudged softly with a cold, wet nose... 




 Hammer it home! 






















































   have a base rent of $45,000 a month (as of 2011). 

Is it any wonder there's so much empty retail space around? 









 I'm thinking that that was just pure reaction.

I love swimming in the ocean, but one has to always be aware that there are critters out there....some of them cute and tiny and some of them big and nasty. 




  That rent can't be cheap!

The rent is probably high, but it's possible that more competition will drive some prices down...I hope! 




  I don't remember the last time I've seen a grocery store in a mall.

I do recall being a kid in Chicago in the 80's and on the Northwest Side, there was a shopping center called The Brickyard. They had a supermarket called Jewel, and it just might still be there. 






























































































 Thank you and feel free to post any Hawaii pics here yourself!

I'm headed back to Oahu in about three weeks and I'm going out of my mind with excitement... 




 Don't worry about it. 

I've seen both, perqs and perks, the former from perquisite, I think. 




  Maybe you shouldn't have editorialized the submission title.

Not my words. I always use either the headline or the first paragraph of the story. Have a look at it, you'll see. 









 And just when we thought that the Joker's voice couldn't go up another octave... 





































































 Now, I'm not the brightest bulb in the deck and I sure aint qualified to be no city councilman, but wouldn't this encourage the buyer to just buy a six pack instead of a lone can? 




 Yikes! Hope you're ok and make sure you clean that out. I wiped out on the coral once in Kailua and you don't want the really scary critters (bacteria) growing up inside of you. 




 Great old picture that I pinched from /u/Michaelconfoy. 














 I know exactly how you feel. This is just bad for everyone involved. 




