 Ohhhh.... yeeeeeah! That's the ticket! 




 My fault! I skimmed the page and missed the previous post.  



















 Apparently no one pressed charges.  



















 http://imgur.com/XaqWDzn

Video has been posted before, sharing this image macro I saw posted by D.J. Grothe. 









 For sure, I have several friends who fought against that lunacy on TV and radio. Insane. 





























 Sub needs more of this. Thanks. 
























 Hah! Or he's just a troll. 




 Oh for sure, just for the awareness of other readers. 




 Got it. 









 I think it's important to keep in mind that the Democrats were just at puritanical in their moral panic. See Tipper Gore and her claims against explicit music, and one of the biggest fake ritual abuse trials was given a heavy push by Democrat Martha Coakley https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fells_Acres_Day_Care_Center_preschool_trial 














 [Original source](https://www.facebook.com/bastiatinstitute/photos/a.109925389051155.5688.107087879334906/933024703407882/?type=1 theater) 









 Ah, I also really like CMHHTD. One of the members is a friend and Satanist. I don't know much about satanic rap, but I grew up around a lot of hip-hop culture in NYC, so I appreciate a few of the older groups from the area (Wu-Tang, Mobb Deep, Nas, etc.).   

If you're looking for some melodic, ambient, beat music with a darker tone then I'd recommend practically anything from [Tympanik Audio](http://tympanikaudio.com/).  

What I listen to depends on my mood. Could be anything from dark ambient, to drum   bass, to black metal. Some of my recent plays on Spotify: Chelsea Wolfe, Zola Jesus, Prurient, King Dude, Death in June, Grimes, Clams Casino, Blanck Mass, Ulver, Altar of Plagues, Gnaw Their Tongues

 














 Saw this shared on a skeptic/atheist page, and saw it as related to the "Satanic Panic" of the 80's and 90's. This usually ties in all kinds of conspiracy theories and quackiness. I'll be more on topic in future posts.  









 What are some of your favorite bands? 




 Thanks for listening! 














 [9sense Podcast for 19 July, L A.S.](http://9sensepodcast.com/mp3/l/july/19julylas.mp3) (NSFW)

1. 9sense Letters - Satanic Social Networking
2. Something Different with Heather Height - Episode 7 - Coal Black and de Sebben Dwarfs
3. Unorthodoxy with Witch Zaftig - Episode 11 - Religion and the Third Gender: Some Examples of Historical Transgenderism
4. Agent provocateur - Episode 24 - Yemen, Terrorism and Reversing The Magna Carta
5. Old Nicks Peep Show - Episode 22 - Conceptualizing An Issue 














 Interesting to see such controversial votes on Rand on this sub. But that's a good thing, makes for some valuable discussion and seeing different perspectives rather than straight-up Group Think. 




 Very well put. 




 Nice! I'll be at the San Diego show. 









 Wonder if the regime knows they're essentially getting trolled by Laibach. And if they figure it out, I wonder what they'd do with the band. 














 More of this please. 




 Missed this one up in LA but the San Diego show was great. Good to see them making somewhat of a comeback. 

















































 I know several people who've personally worked with them and their grasp of Satanism, real applicable Satanism, is far more impressive than most trve kvlt black metal bands. 









 Pride can balance greed, appreciating what you have and honoring it. Note that LaVey makes it clear that all indulgences should be balanced with rational self-interest. This is what keeps a sin indulgence and not compulsive. In his later books he actually criticizes modern American consumerism as greed taken to a compulsive end. I would say the same thing can be said about various ecologically damaging practices. LaVey blamed those issues on overpopulation, and offered solutions to quell that.   




 Just started pouring here in Hillcrest. 




 Good. 









 Of course! 














 This it? From the Boston station but these shows are syndicated nationwide. http://hereandnow.wbur.org/2015/07/16/redheads-jacky-colliss-harvey 




 Looks like Joe Netherworld's pendant. Looks great!

http://news.churchofsatan.com/post/36887834307/magister-joe-netherworld-has-just-announced-the 




 Announcements would be made on official channels ahead of time. We encourage members to keep in touch with the Central office from time to time (via email) and letting us know you'd like to be on notice for any upcoming events.  

Also keep an eye on the official news feed. We often promote concerts, art shows, and other public appearances by our members. Though these may not be large Conclaves, you can be sure to run into some other members. Just looking at the feed right now I can see several opportunities in the Southern California area.  




 Been going for about 6 years. Worth it if you're into Tiki/Retro subculture. Though I do hesitate to recommend it to the general public... last couple years have seen in an increase in just random people who don't bother to dress for the occasion or care for the culture and make an obnoxious drunk scene. Few people got escorted out. 




 [From aviator Robert Ing](https://scontent-lax1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xft1/v/t1.0-9/11407139_10206756097486149_7683785373126515778_n.jpg?oh=5765e48b13efce51042ca103cb65f575 oe=561AA2BB) 




 Hello, official Church of Satan representative here, and member of their administrative staff. What /u/Ragnar_Santorum states is partially true. We do make an effort to keep the definition of Satanism consistent, but this isn't a matter base egoism (though nothing wrong with that). We get calls, e-mails, letters on a regular basis from press and law enforcement who are covering or dealing with cases of vandalism, violence, and harassment from people who commit these crimes in the name of "Satan" or "Satanism". More often than not, when researching the cases, they'll refer to material found online from one of these devil worshiping or occult based groups, and often find themselves contacting us. To the mainstream, Satanism is a throwaway term, it can mean anything from someone skipping church on Sunday to a Jihadi militant. So it's in our best interest to clarify our definition of Satanism with a sense of authority, one we belief we've earned from doing this for 50 years.   
We do welcome others to come out with their unique interpretations of Satanic ideas, but competition does not mean laying down, but exchanging ideas with sharp reason. At the same time, we must consider the value of our time and resources. Sorry, but when many of these organizations have little to no real world presence will we won't bother.  

When the Satanic Temple first started out, we weren't totally opposed to them. This was well before anything about this statue was revealed. Certain individual members voiced their differences, but from an official standpoint we were content with just saying, that's not us, that's them, and directed press accordingly. Unfortunately the tone changed, I suspect this was due to a certain media consultant TST was using at the time, and the message directed towards us was more confrontational. At that point we decided to put out our differing and critical opinions (after being asked more than enough times), and even settling on accepting TST as their own form of satanism. Keep in mind that the Church of Satan is an individualistic organization, we do not bark orders from above to our members and expect them to fall in line. Any beef individuals may or may not have is their own. 




 Very nice!  




 Rarely. What good would it serve me? Always ask yourself, who benefits?  




 And to balance it out, here's [a Satanic critique of Objectivism](http://www.churchofsatan.com/satanism-and-objectivism.php). 




 Excellent insight! 




 That might be part of it, and probably something to do with mental healthcare.  




 Not sure about other Cons but there's a group out here in San Diego that shows up at just about every public event, and on many busy weekends at Balboa Park.  




 There's a lot in both Native American and Mexican mythology and symbols that could be useful for you as a Satanist. Study up on them, for example the Trickster/Coyote myths or Quetzalcoatl, and see how you could apply their symbols and metaphors into a Satanic perspective. 




 Everything here: http://www.churchofsatan.com/theory-practice.php 









 Pretty good documentary. There's quite a bit of that Santa Muerte worship in the neighborhoods I've lived in and in the West Hollywood area. But the thing is, it's all understood to be a business. You pay a guy to put a curse on someone or to gain wealth, and it's done... kinda. Need blessing? They'll pray to Jesus. Need money or a curse? They'll pray to Satan, whatever, just make sure your money is on the table. It's a big racket, and the documentary makes that pretty clear. These towns a pretty poor, so they depend on the tourists that come looking for witches and magic. Each "high priest" tries to out to each other, each one just throwing in more and more saints, demons, devils, symbols, costumes, etc. from whatever sources, doesn't matter. It doesn't make any sense really, but the tourists don't care, they just want a big show, and the peasants are desperate and just want *anything* that can help them. The film also mentions how they'll extort people. Hey, Satan has a curse on you... 500 pesos and I'll lift it. Done.  

And that's the real Satanism in all of this. There's a sucker born every minute. 




 The Morbid Anatomy Museum and Stephen Romano are excited to announce a curated exhibition opening July 18 in recognition of the museums first year anniversary.  

This milestone will be celebrated with an all day Festival of Arcane Knowledge followed by a Devils masquerade party. The exhibition will be comprised of a blend of historical, Outsider, and Visionary art, as well as contemporary works, vintage books, vernacular photography, folk sculpture, spirit photography, and many surprises. As with previous exhibitions curated by Stephen Romano, the design and content of the exhibition will be in constant dynamic motion throughout the course of the exhibition, adding, taking away, reflecting the synergistic relationship the curator has with the collection.  

This exhibition is composed of works from Stephen Romanos esoteric personal collection, as well as works sampled from the collections of associates and the inclusion of some of the most highly respected and recognized contemporary artists of our time including Kris Kuksi, Kymia Nawabi, Martin Wittfooth, El Gato Chimney, Rithika Merchant, Pulu Zhao, Rene Allain, Matthew Dutton, Lizz Lopez, Joseph McVetty, Barry William Hale and Hunter Stabler.  

The exhibition examines the place the visionary occupies as the "HYPNAGOGIA, defined as the experience of the transitional state from wakefulness to sleep: the hypnagogic state of consciousness, when mental phenomena such as lucid dreaming, hallucinations, and sleep paralysis occur. This threshold consciousness phase is in this exhibition linked with the visionary artists creative process which empowers the artist with shamanic powers. The works presented are implied to have been created while the artist was in a similar state of heighten awareness through their own pursuit of creative fulfillment.
 



















 What if we just replace "Council of Nine" with "SS", and "Order of the Trapezoid" with "Gestapo?"  

Shrug. Sure, abide by your fetish I suppose. I wouldn't do that myself though.  

The Council of Nine is the ruling body of the Church of Satan. Do with that as you will. Every board has a chairman. Can a chairman be replaced? I suppose, if the person running it turned out to be a failure. Guess what? That's not the case. Far from it. Here's some facts, in Gilmore's time as High Priest he has conducted more interviews than in LaVey's lifetime. He has multiplied membership (especially internationally, half of the interviews sent my way nowadays are with European journalists and writers) and fostered critically important relationships with academics, journalists, entrepreneurs, and freethinkers. When people look back at Magus Gilmore's legacy, it will be of one where he turned down the stereotype of the black-clad morose Satanist who's all talk with no real accomplishments. If a member attended the Year 50 Conclave they would have seen this in action, as our presentations were more along the lines of TED Talks than spooky posturing.  

Dozens? You do realize what dozens means right, multiples of 12? I could probably count on one hand somewhat notable individuals who left in the past 10 years. And half of them would hate each others guts. Maybe a bit more if we extend it out the *15* years that Magus Gilmore has been the High Priest. People tend to forget that, like this some kind of recent development that they're still trying to come to terms with. Get over it, especially if you don't consider us relevant to your own beliefs.

 




 I think we ultimately agree. Race is a real thing, with real effects. Is it the whole picture? Absolutely not. Is it justification for bigotry and wholesale discrimination. Fuck no. But to say "all people are the same" is just scientifically false, which I know is not what you're saying but tends to be the case with egalitarians.  




 Satanism is not a "democratic" philosophy, so why should the organization be? And even if it was, how would you know? Are you a member of the Council of Nine or Order of the Trapezoid? Does not knowing the inner workings bother you? Tough. Most people who have left the organization have done so on good enough terms. The few who haven't have their own axes to grind, most of the time purely personal. Ho-hum.  




 I do wish more people used Dashwood's "Fais ce que tu voudras" or kept the original carnal, Rabelaisian understanding of the motto. Unfortunately the co-opted use by Crowley (rhymes with holy, not crowley, that rhymes with fouly) is mostly the nonsense I deal with.

Since you ask, yes, most of our Priesthood use their real names, and for all members it's a requirement to register with your legal name. How they wish to publicly present themselves is up to them. Let us list the real names... LaVey, Gilmore, Nadramia, Slaughter, Rose, Sprague, Bonner, Paradise, Campbell, Gray, Antony, Waytz, Mitchell, Harris, Williams, Cassavaugh, Baddeley, Palmer, Moynihan, Byrd, Gausten, Broderick, Filan... And those are just a handful of our public representatives. Yes, Aquino used his real name, what did that get him? Years of abuse allegations and getting processed out of the Army. Sorry, unlike some Muslims we are not interested in martyrdom. 

As for the rest of your commentary, I'll let others judge rationally. 




 It's Nadramia, not Mrs. Gilmore. They may be married but she kept her family name, one that she's proud of. And if you think nominal one-time fees, which are not promoted and at times discouraged, covers the expenses and labor required to run a growing international organization then I strongly discourage you from any business ventures.

Sometimes I wish Satanism was on the decline so that I could catch up with my Netflix queue! I've never had so many intelligent correspondences with our growing membership and supporters, especially since our Conclave, so I can't really complain. 




 Yes. I recognize Satanism as the carnal religion and philosophy formalized by Anton LaVey and publicly represented by the Church of Satan. I have not come to this conclusion through "faith" or arrogance, but by thoroughly examining all other attempts to redefine the term Satanism by theists and other atheists. "Theistic satanists" lack the cosmological and theological coherence to be taken seriously as a metaphysical belief system. A first year student of the Torah can wipe the floor with any writer of "theistic satanism". And recent attempts by atheist activists to take a couple of aspects of LaVey's ideas and incorporate them with a collectivist form of Secular Humanism has proven to be little more than a game of politics. I get it, they need mass appeal to gain political traction so they need to drop all the dangerous elements of LaVey's work so your friendly neighborhood liberal won't run screaming. I'm comfortable referring to such efforts as neo-satanism. This is similar to Wicca being recognized as a form of neo-paganism, but not an actual pagan religion. 




 1. You aren't purchasing anything, you are giving financial support to an organization that upholds the Satanic religion and philosophy. We offer you the opportunity to network with other members but what you get out of that is up to you. When I joined it was out of respect for LaVey, Gilmore, and the work of other Satanists I was in contact with. From there our relationships grew and I've been involved in a variety of projects, some public, many private.  

2. First of all, it's not all that high for lifetime membership to an organization. Many religious and secular organizations charge continuous dues that quickly surpass $200. Secondly, the price is a barrier to entry. We want it high enough to give people pause and really think about it, but low enough to be reasonable for a successful person.   

3. We are not altruists, our time is not without value and we find the membership fee to be a small way to be compensated.   

If you feel that the fee is too high but want to say thanks and contribute something then there's the donation button on the site. We're not a proselytizing religion. We're not looking for the masses. Think about it, otherwise we'd be selling memberships for cheap at $25, posting sponsored ads and spreading the good word of Satan! No. We want a few good individuals who feel it worth their while to give a nod to others of their kind.  




 I call him a paranoid narcissistic lunatic because he murdered a person out of fear of being attacked and jealousy. But now that I think of it, he's probably autistic. This is based on both my personal correspondences with him and comments made by other people who have met and worked with him. I believe he told my friend that handicap children should be murdered and the parents should just fuck again right away to replace it. I think he accompanied this with a laugh and pelvic thrusts.   

All that said, I look forward to the pen   paper RPG he's working on. 




 http://miamivalleyskeptics.com/episode-34-raul-antony-with-church-of-satan-satanic-scare-and-how-to-be-a-skeptic/   
  
http://atheistairwaves.soeq.net/atheist-airwaves-24-satanpalooza/  

  
http://www.maximummetal.com/interviews/intresults.asp?ID=erikdanielsson_watain idBand=1489

I was also interviewed and filmed for a documentary called "Satanism in the U.S." by the Dutch BNN network. Hasn't aired yet. I'll also be going to Los Angeles in a couple weeks for a live radio interview in Universal. 









 The only reason some people think there are so many different types of Satanism is because we live in a time where anyone can create an online persona and spew garbage without any substantial basis. Press them for details, sources, or consistency and you'll be met with something along the lines of "dude, stop being such an asshole. Do what thou wilt*, bro."   

*Protip: Do what thou wilt does not mean "do what you want" and it's actually an anti-Satanic statement. It means find your "True Will", so that you achieve spiritual enlightenment. No thanks. 




 I didn't say I was against equal rights. If the state is doling out "rights" then they should apply to all law abiding citizens. If the State should be doling out rights at all is a whole other matter.   

I've actually corresponded with Vikernes for a while when Rainer was actively communicating and forwarding letters to him in prison. I'm also very good friends with the authors of Lords of Chaos, who spent quite a bit of time with him and his writing. In all, I think the man is a lunatic. He's a paranoid narcissist at best, a sociopath more likely. His ideas on race are delusional. I have a hard time taking anyone who believes that Europeans descended from a literal Atlantis, from literal aliens that mated with humans to create a Thulean race seriously. Additionally, Varg completely rejects Satanism in any way, shape, or form. He's more about family and homeland than burning down the halls of Valhalla. 




 Did you actually read that article? Nicolas Wade is one of the leading writers willing to honestly say that there *are* biological differences between the races.  

"Analysis of genomes from around the world establishes that there is a biological basis for race, despite the official statements to the contrary of leading social science organizations."  

And yes, this is part of the Satanic philosophy. 




 First off, Christians didn't invent Satan. Satan in LaVey's philosophy comes from the Hebrew verb (not noun), which means "to obstruct, oppose". We take the title of Satanists to mean "the accuser" or "the adversary". While some of the symbolism and theatrics of early Church of Satan material plays on the Christian bastardization of the word "Satan", our philosophy and principles are built on top of the original Hebrew definition.  

Personally, I don't really care too much about Christian "tyranny". I'm a lot more concerned about the tyranny of egalitarianism and mediocrity. ["Welcome to Costco - I love you"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-bYsEnnIUo) 




 I don't really think there's that much confusion, or at least it's on the decline. I've done several media appearances and interviews over the last five years and more and more Satanism as a non-theistic religion is pretty easily understood. It's my observation that the "confusion" mainly comes from people who wish there was a "confusion".  




 In a nutshell: Satanism is a religion and philosophy based on rational self-interest, indulgence, and a glorification of material and carnal elements.  

To the Satanist, his or her only responsibility is to acknowledge yourself as a carnal beast with an evolved ability for self-identity, therefore to identify yourself as the God of your own subjective universe. In order to achieve that godhead, your base carnal needs need to be met. To this, the Satanist views himself as an individual, with his own will first and foremost. Satanism is the most radical form of individualism. This is bedrock, everything else in Satanism is built on this very principle. And this isn't an arbitrary thing LaVey just through in there because he felt like it. This is the most basic principle of all Left Hand Path traditions: to not only reject God, but to become God. So if a Satanist recognizes himself as a god, and what good is it to be a god other people your equal? If so, then how are you a god? You need to deliver the good. That's where stratification comes in. Satanism is a brutally honest understanding of who people are. Some are predators, some are prey. Some are strong, some are weak, some are smart, and some are marks. It's not wrong or right, it just is. The Satanists recognizes this and uses it to their advantage. And that's why ideas like equality and egalitarianism are inherently incompatible with Satanism. Not because we have some fetish for authority, but because without it you have no self-deification and contradict everything else that follows. So exploit your strengths and to acknowledge and mitigate your weakness in order to live a fulfilling life. That's applied stratification, that people are not blank slates, and we play the genetic hand we're dealt.  

Why am I a Satanist? Because that's who I am. It's innate in the way way I live my life and how I understand the world around me. I take the title of Satanist because anything else would be hypocritical.   

I honestly don't have too much of a problem with Christian followers, mainly because they are on the decline. My problem are with who I call "secular" Christians. People who reject Christianity's theology, but accept and propagate the moral and collectivist teachings of Christ. People who say, I like what Jesus was saying but I don't dig creationism. That's pretty much what I get from most Secular Humanists, and even some activists groups today who operate under the guise of "Satanism". We must speak for the downtrodden and oppressed, they say. Sounds like they're just trying to out Good Guy the Christians at their own game (Proverbs 31:8).  









 Got your request, but only have mobile access at the moment. Will respond later tonight. 




 [Original Facebook post](https://www.facebook.com/355983472668/photos/a.10151996985672669.1073741826.355983472668/10152098060192669/?type=1): I call this one 'Book Signing Party'. It features Corbis, the Ram from THE DEVIL'S RAIN 1975, the Goat of Mendes from THE DEVIL RIDES OUT 1968, and Lavinia the witch from CURSE OF THE CRIMSON ALTER 1968. 









 As they should be. I understand what you're trying to get at, that we somehow support the idea of "the strong crushing the weak" as an ultimatum. We don't, that's taking one piece of our philosophy and disregarding the rest that puts it into perspective. 




 Maybe, not sure that's working out for them though. Such a move would be political and social martyrdom. The strong may overpower the weak, but the clever rules over all. 




 I've switched over to [PCGamesN](http://www.pcgamesn.com/) a long time ago. 



















 Satanism does away with spirituality. LaVey was a militant anti-theist: "Satanism is not just an atheistic stance but a anti-theistic stance. We prefer destruction of mystically-oriented religions through active
opposition rather than simple non-participation."  




 You say meditation and mindfulness gets "mixed up" with Buddhism, but those things are important parts of Buddhism. It's part of what makes it what it is.  




 Because we believe ritual, dogma, ceremony, and symbolism to be an important part of the human experience and resolved by having a religion that satiates these needs in a productive manner. 




 No it isn't. The organization doing this "trolling" calls themselves Satanists in order to have legal standing on religious grounds. The large majority of organized Satanism, represented by the Church of Satan, actually is opposed to many humanist positions. The Church of Satan does support the separation of Church and State and have done so via individual acts of activism and financial backing for several large secular organizations since the late 1960's. 




 Because rationalism isn't a religion, and Satanism is a religion that employs rationalism. Along with the base philosophy we have shared iconography, symbolism, metaphor, dogma, meta-culture, art, aesthetics, and critical theory. 




 At a base level we believe magic to be a form of self-hypnosis, using psychodrama, aesthetics, geometry, etc. in order to induce a state of mind that can be primed with productive goals. Some of us do think there's something more to this, something akin to psi phenomenon. We're open to that idea, and welcome our members to explore it with an open mind and healthy dose of skepticism, but we do not believe any of this to be outside of the realm of the material world. If such things are possible we hold that it does not require any belief in gods, spirits, etc.   




 Instead of completely abstaining from such instincts (and causing psychological damage), we use rational self-interest to balance these drives and focus them towards productive, life-affirming ends.  




 Not sure if joking or...  




 Part of our idea of ritual is the use of certain techniques similar to self-hypnosis in order to move past emotional baggage that may be harmful. For example, hatred for a person who has hurt you or someone you care for may be distracting you. Hypnosis and other techniques like this require some level of susceptibility. If these methods worked for you in the past, but then you disregard them, you'll have a hard time getting it to work again. 




 The primary purpose of the Church of Satan was (and is) to educate interested parties on what Satanism is, how one would apply Satanism in the real world, and to serve as a cabal of loosely connected individuals with which to network and coordinate with.  

Secularization is certainly one of our desired applications of the Satanic philosophy, but we do not make any moves as a collective. That was never the idea that LaVey had for his organization, so we're staying true to that. We are an individualist organization, so we encourage the efforts of specific members, many of whom are active in other organizations such as the ACLU, Center for Inquiry, American Atheists and others. We support those individuals with various resources and help them coordinate with other members when necessary. 




 Sure. I'm a representative of the Church of Satan and LaVey's philosophy. Not here to debate TST and what they're doing but to clarify the difference between the groups since it seems to be a common misconception. 




 [TST also strongly rejects the LaVeyan fetishization of authoritarianism. We believe this is antithetical to Satanic notions of individual sovereignty. Further, while LaVeyan Satanism is atheistic  in that it rejects the notion that Satan is a conscious entity  it is still supernaturalist. TST does not forward supernatural theories of the universe and finds little value in LaVeyan edicts such as those that instruct one to acknowledge the power of magic if you have employed it successfully to obtain your desires. If you deny the power of magic after having called upon it with success, you will lose all you have obtained. (From the Eleven Satanic Rules of the Earth, Anton LaVey)](http://thesatanictemple.com/?page_id=23) 




 No, LaVey actually rejected many Humanist positions. He did not believe in the goodness of human beings, altruistic morality and distributive justice. Most of his writings are actually directly opposed to those positions. 




 You can join the Church of Satan if you think you'd benefit from working with other Satanists. We do not require individuals to join to call themselves Satanists or anything, but we do not recognize attempts by non-members to try to represent us or our philosophy. That said, many of our members do not coordinate with others or publicly announce their membership. They join for their own personal reasons.  

The Church of Satan are not the ones behind this activity, and in many ways oppose it. The Satanic Temple is often confused with the CoS due to them being atheists.  

Source: I'm a Reverend in the Church of Satan. 




 The Satanic Temple does not represent these statements. They do not adhere to any of LaVey's doctrines (besides some basic secularism). 




