 As an aspiring chef-to-be, I'm working on incorporating world food cultures into my repitoire. I want to know how history and everyday aspects of life shape and develop your cuisine.

I want to know how neighbouring nations, religion, gender roles, family, changing populations, etc., has carved out your distinct culinary lifestyle.

If you can help me out, Reddit, tell me about your food. 




 My grandmother has a toaster that was a gift for her second wedding 40 years ago, that bastard not only still works but does the just better than anything you can get at sears or wherever people get small appliances. 




 I pay a premium for 270 mbps connections. Seems like Canadian internet is faster than a lot of places, and doesn't go to hell every time it rains (I've gamed with a lot of Americans who'd mention things like "oh bad weather coming, might lose connection") 




 I find it rather awesome that veteran actors pass the torch to newer blood.

Even with the wave of reboots lately, not all of which are great, I still enjoy it.

Anyone who hasn't seen the Tom Hardy Mad Max needs to correct that immediately. 




 Every cook develops hands that don't respond to heat as much, and every cut isnt a cut, but a future "chef tattoo."

Also for the aspiring cooks out there, if you're nervous about knives, take this advice. Every minor cut will heal, so stop worrying about princess hands. Same for hot stuff, burns heal too.

At any given time I have at least 2 little cuts and singed fingertips. 




 I enjoy some good classic Family Guy, especially the Star Wars parodies, but I never felt like Bojack was anything like it.

Yes, it starts dumb, what adult animated doesn't? Then I got further in and the characters roped me in. I got attatched to the romance dynamic Bojack had to Whatsherface, what an emotional rollercoaster.

Never had an animated show (and verrrry few live action) teared me up like that. 10/10 would recommend. 




 Any action you take while drunk or high is 100% your fault.

I used to have a good friend who got drunk, had sex with her boyfriend, regretted it, and tried to get police involved.

If you can't hold your liquid or drugs, dont take them. Do not try to ruin other's lives because you fucked up.

P.S., not friends with that girl anymore. 




 I broke a guys hand with a wrench for throwing my stuff around in high school. Nothing happened with administration. 




 Story time!

I'm in my second year at a culinary and hospitality college, and it's pretty damn diverse.

So I'm in the kitchens with my buddies, and people are ordering their food from the servers. Well most of these servers/hospitality students come from overseas to learn. So whenever there's a bill that has an "ask server" note, they come over to explain.

I'm all for cultural diversity, but if the head of the kitchen doesnt understand a fucking word the servers are saying, you shouldn't be in that job until you learn the local language.

TL;DR; learn how to speak to people before you try to be in a business criticality dependant on communication. 




 So she's already a lying, manipulating bitch. 




 My best friend is always showing me stuff he's seen on 9gag, facebook, whatever the hell he uses, and its a running joke that he'll lead with "how long ago did you see this on reddit?" 




 Maybe I'm one of those rare exceptions, but regardless of sex or helping myself, I haven't found a limit to how many times I can go back-to-back.

It's mildly interesting firing off 7 shots in a row. 




 I don't need to click the link to know what it is. Damn I need a job again, too much internet lately. 




 Triggered. 




 I take pics of my food, but only if I designed the dish, cooked it, or a colleague made it.

I am a cook. 




 Sorry for detailed rant.

For privacy reasons, I will be called Dave( male 21), and my girlfriend will be Jess (female 20).

Jess and I have been dating on and off for 4 years, and currently 3 months into a committed relationship. Jess said she may be moving to get away from her abusive mother.

Jess has depression and thoughts of suicide. Her best option is to relocate 1300 kilometres away to her nearest family.

I am a cook and in my second year of college with 9 months left. We both know I can find work in any city in the world.

Most of my life has involved psychiatrists and I've only had a somewhat normal life for about 2 years. Jess feels this has left me unstable still, and is thinking we should split and leave me behind.

We have all the strong feelings for each other though, and we're looking for advice on the subject.

Personally, I prefer any advice on how we could make the relationship stable and work, but I'm open to all advice.

TL;DR; girlfriend moving away for health, should I follow and make work or end relationship? 




 Replace coworker with girlfriend and yup.

I'm very clumsy... 




 But I like my mouse at 270% Windows standard D: 




 If you read into the comments of the article, most of them involve bashing liberals who hate on Harper.

Put the party ties away and face it, under Harper's leadership, there's been scandals, questionable changes to the cabinet, massive environmental cuts, continuous funding on a proven ineffective war on drugs.

I'm not saying I support other political candidates for office, but we need new leadership, as well as that dusty box of cobwebs we a senate removed.

On a personal note circling back to environmental cuts, my father finished his third diploma in environmental engineering 2 years ago, and in his final year nearly every government position he could have applied for was terminated. He wanted to repair some damage done to this country, but now he's stuck working 90 hour weeks testing asphalt quality in the middle of nowhere. 




 I heard that the latest statisic showed that raising a child to 18 will cost roughly $1million over the course of those years. Idk about you guys, but I don't have the time or energy to work enough to live in something better than a box, drive to work, eat, and raise a kid at $30000 a year (assuming the cost is split with a partner). As it is, I'll probably only be making $30000 a year for the next 5-10 years after college. 




 ISS is truly a testament to human ingenuity.

A statistic I read somewhere suggested that the US military budget accounts for appoximately 50% of the combined military budgets internationally. One country spends half the world's military spending.

The above 5% figure proposed is hardly a drop in the bucket. US military could easy thrive as the major superpower with even 30% of the international budget. That would free up 8% of American funding, or 312 billion (using requested budget expenditures figure for 2015 fiscal year). 312 billion would build two more ISS satellites (up to 2010 construction).

I'm not saying that we need more research stations orbitting the planet, but that American priorities may be a little (or in my opinion vastly) skewed in the wrong direction. 




 One of the first times I blazed, was watching Dude Where's My Car? and browsing, decided was a good time to make an account. 




 That's because when you rave you're supposed to see with drugs, not your eyes
... 




 Beware the mystery meat... 




 Pearl Jam sued Ticketmaster over this issue in the 90's because they have a monopoly on ticket distribution, and adding all these fees makes it impossible for many of their fans to afford their concerts and support the band. 




 I don't know if there's any Princess Auto's in America (they're kinda like Menards for shop equipment, electronic accessories hardware, etc) but last I saw, 10' hdmi cables were $7 after taxes. Cheaper for shorter. 




 AVG Free and Avast is all anyone will ever need. I've been using those for years and never had a virus. Many attempts to access my computer were tried, but one or the other cleaned it up before anything could get through. 




 For us Canadian brothers up here, NCIX and MemoryExpress are great sources that deliver to Canadian postal codes. 




 What kinda ghetto crap is that? Standard high speed in Canada is 120-130mbps, economy value speed is 50-60mbps. I had more than 3mbps on dial up. 




 Well he did kiss his sister, but I think the other stuff weighs a little more. 




 I really don't care that I wasn't the first for my lady. She's experienced, we have a lot of fun, and what matters is that I'll probably be her last. 




 To be fair, I haven't played League in a while, so I'm not entirely sure if the smartcast bug is fixed or not.

For newer Rumble players, smartcasting his ult can be trickier to time. 




 C is for credit, that no longer exists! 




  /political advisor 




 I don't care if my team is tripping halfway to Jupiter, if they land the hits right that's all that matters. 




 I've actually never had the chance to play Viktor, unfortunately. 




 I agree with everything here, Rylai's is also a powerful second non-boots item. After that I'd go Death Cap then whatever the hell you want because it's often GG Rumble's winning 1v5s. 




 If you can get your jungler to feed you an early gank or two, Rumble snowballs out of control. Its his early laning phase that you gotta be super careful with.

Also, don't smartcast his ult. Bad times.

Edit: Rumble is my favourite top laner. 




 That "rule" only applies to about 40 words in the English language. 




 I really don't care that it's considered a sci-fi staple, classic, masterpiece, whatever.

Could not for the life of me will myself to finish The Fifth Element. I have no specific reasons, just overall it wasn't for me.

Normally I'm good to go for sci-fi, seen enough Star Trek, Star Wars, Stargate, and Terranova to last multiple lifetimes, still didn't prepare me for this film. 




 Scratchers, rashers, rinds, all the same. 




 To add to this, smoked salmon and an artisan grain cracker. That's what I eat when I drink Stella. 




 Us guys don't know where they come from, they just show up in the wake of women pasisng by, usually discovered when you step on them. 




 You need to spend a week in my city. If you're lucky the bus is either 5 minutes early or 15 late. Countless times it just doesn't show up at all. 




 And this, gentleman and ladies, summarizes every independance of a colony. 




 I think counsel in my city should hire a few civil engineers. I don't think theres a straight road in the city (pop. ~700,000) and nearly every major road needs to be redone every year.

Also, flood control doesnt seem to exist. The only thing protecting our city from flood water from the states is one dam that is forced to flood thousands of acres of farmland. 




 Our government has now made an unconstitutional law so vague that protest is now "terrorism."

The bill won't last. Nearly every court case wil be thrown out because it is deemed unconstitutional.

Edit: example, I could be charged under this bill for something as stupid as posting an article I wrote online about Nazi Germany or terror cells. 




 My college's policy is if you miss 10% of class time, you fail. The demand for spots in my program is rediculous, so no one who doesn't want to be there is there. 




 In culinary school. We punch stoves, not pillows. 




 That last paragraph was beautifully terrifying. 




 Well, there goes Nebraska... 




