




 All hail The State Authority! Thank you Comrade Warren 




 Fair point, but then they aren't the link in the chain that is working for free. That money paid to the doctors is coming from some elses paycheck in the form of wages that they can't keep for themselves because the government is making a claim on it. 




 You could make that argument for anything then. If we all chip-in in taxes, then whatever the majority says so, gets paid for through the tax system via the State Authority, and therefore is a "right". I view rights as something you are free to pursue, but cannot be one persons claim on some one elses labor. But I see your argument clockworkgirl21.  Edit: sorry I realized later that I was arguing another point about healthcare being a "right". Not about the smaller paycheck versus taxes. 




 Apparently people think when the majority "says so", that makes something a right. But it's not a right to be provide free healthcare. That would mean that someone in the chain is forced to work for free. Who would you suggest? 




 It's not a right to be provide free healthcare. That would mean that someone in the chain is forced to work for free. Who would you suggest? 




 It's a great idea that young workers would get smaller paychecks to pay for the Healthcare of people they don't even know. Or as most people would call it "Single Payer". 




 You realize the recent government debacle known as the Affordable Care Act does nothing to change the opaque price structure of the US healthcare.. It simply forced young healthy people to overpay for their insurance so others can pay less. The problem is health providers (not insurance companies) don't have any open pricing policies that the consumer shop, and that problem sure wasn't fixed 5 years ago. 




 The Democrat Party, with a wink-and-a-nod, flooding the US with low skilled illegal workers drives down average American wages. Maybe that's what resonates? 




 Bill Clinton says..."What I'm really saying is...lets let these drug pushing criminals back into the African-American communities, after all, I don't live there and have to deal with the consequences". Uh..OK..thanks Bill. 




