




 So? They probably contract 4j's people for some stuff. I fail to see why this deserves a mention  




 Not worth it 




 Out of state was 50k for everything 




 Did a year at a CC and transferred to a great 4 year after saving 30k on my first year. Know a ton of people that did 2 years and then transferred to top schools like UCLA, Berkeley, UCSB, USC 









 Married no-name CFO of a big name company (conde nast I believe) allegedly tries to have closeted gay sex with a hooker. Plan foiled because plane is delayed. The story was absolutely terrible for a couple reasons, A) gawker's only proof that any of this happened was an "anonymous source," and B) the guy isn't even famous so why write a tabloid article about him? 

Basically imagine you, a random dude, are married with kids and your local newspaper decides to write a slanderous and baseless story about you and gay hookers. That's what gawker did. 




 I think with military bases most of the people going in and out are issued firearms and probably have their own personal weapon so the sign is supposed to act as a reminder to check your weapon into the armory aftet target practice and leave your gun at home. 




 And the US gov classifies arabs as white 




 I think it has more to do with the content of the site than personal attacks. The hive mind does have a bit of an anti women anti minority sentiment. 




 Those are commercial units within a building. Much less expensive than residential property. 




 No? Prison labor isn't forced. The two are completely different. 




 Army Ranger Battalions and Navy SEAL units plan to integrate women by 2015 and 2016, respectively.

Correct me if I'm wrong but so far I don't believe any women has gotten through ranger school, let alone RASP, and very few have even passed the standard infantry tests. 




 But that's thing, women *can* do that. They werent allowed to be in combat positions. In the event of a draft most of the draftees are getting tossed into the infantry, cavalry, whatever, whereas the guys that enlist get to pick their position. Even though women have been allowed to try out for infantry positions for a year or two now (maybe longer?) I haven't heard of a single woman passing the  physical aspects of the officers test or ranger school (which is not to be confused with RASP which let's you join the 75th). Logistically it just doesn't make sense to draft women if 90+% of them aren't even physically capable of being in the infantry. Sure you can make the argument that you're making, but realistically speaking every time we've instituted a war time draft we were tossing draftees into fighting positions and not logistical positions. 




 Insurance is a terrible way to do it. Cops aren't independent contractors working under an LLC like doctors. And suddenly cops will try to avoid certain positions and working in certain areas because it will raise their premium. It's just such a bad idea once you give it a minute of thought. 




 That's what I thought might be the case. I don't think there's anything really wrong with my dad's set aside from being old and missing an iron or two. I think it's from the 90s and he never golfed much so it's hardly been used. The driver is an 11 big bertha war bird. I'm not actually sure if the irons are Callaway's, they say Lamkin on the grip and stainless steel custom on the heads.

E: The fairway woods are pinseekers. 




 I've been using some old Callaway's I found in my dad's garage but now I want to buy my own set. What do you guys suggest? I was looking at this set:

http://m.dickssportinggoods.com/product/index.jsp?productId=60552686 cp=4406646.4413989.4414118 categoryId=4414157 




 When you're covered in blood and a cop is asking about it maybe it's a good idea to eat the fine and tell them you picked up some roadkill. Certainly a better idea than running and reaching for a gun..... all of this is moot though because nobody mentioned roadkill and it seems like you're just looking for any reason to validate your hatred of police officers. 




 Airports/airplanes are a threat because an airplane can be used against a hard target like a building. If someone wanted to take out a soft target in the manner that you're talking about it would be easier for them to sneak past some guards at a sporting event or hit a crowded tourist attraction. The anti-TSA circlejerk is a bit ridiculous. Sure they're not as effective as they could be, but even security lines at major airports are less crowded than a lot of public attractions in big cities. When it comes to airports the government is mostly worried about somebody stealing  a plane because to date the two most devastating attacks on US soil have been from people crashing planes into things. 




 Idk why you'd think that. A lot of CEOs and guys on wall street are putting in 100 hour weeks near quarters and 10-12 hour days the rest of the time. There's a reason that adderall is corporate America's favorite drug. 




 Afghanistan was about undermining the Taliban's control over rural regions through a hearts and minds campaign. It was NEVER about poppies or opium. Most of the time the top brass actively discouraged burning down the poppy fields, and at least one base even went so far as to let a farmer use their sewage run off as irrigation for his poppy fields. The reason being that destroying an entire village's livelihood is going to do more to make them support the taliban than to win over their hearts and minds. 

Suppress the mitigating factor and of course poppy cultivation flourishes, but it's not because the US government was trying to get in on the afghani poppy trade. 




 Where do you live that beat cops make 40-60 an hour? 




 Clearly nobody has told you that celebrity.yahoo.com covers all of the pressing stories. 




 UC Berkeley offers a BA in Luso-Brazilian Literature so yeah you're not far off. 




 Where did you get the idea that it "just happens?" Yes, a common-law marriage is easier to form than a traditional marriage but it requires both parties to act as if they are married by introducing each other as husband or wife, filing joint tax returns, combining assets and debts, and just generally doing what married people do. In recent years common law marriage was mostly used as a get around in states that didn't allow gay marriage. Are you really trying to tell me that anybody that's been roommates with someone for more than "x" years is automatically in a legal and binding relationship with them? It's not that simple. 




 Common law marriage doesn't just automatically happen. You have to file some documents.  




 It's blanket banned under the chemical weapons and nerve agents ban. I'm sure that they'd love to be able to use pepper balls and tear gas when dealing with insurgents holed up in buildings. 




 In legal terms a marriage is a combination of assets to be shared equally among the members of the partnership. If you don't agree to those terms or view them as unfair then either don't get married or be married in faith but not legality. 




 That's why you get a good lawyer to write your prenup. Also if you include extreme clauses like not splitting assets then of course it will be thrown out because that's not how our judicial system works. 









 Oh my god dude I flew first class with united a few weeks ago and the flight attendant was crazy attentive. Anytime my drink got to 1/4 full she would appear out of nowhere to refill. It was awesoms. 




 Sssshhhh he's an innocent martyr in the fight for personal freedomz  




 I get that people are mad and what happened was terrible but this is honestly kind of fucked up. Every guy I know did stupid stuff when they were young. Some of it stupider than what these kids did. We were all just lucky enough that we weren't playing with fire during a heatwave. Charge them with trespassing, vandalism, criminal mischief, and some other misdemeanors, but these kids don't deserve to face trial for multiple felonies. 




 Usually the degree is for the job and the minor is for personal enrichment  




 The funny thing is that if he hadn't mentioned the rapist part then people may have actually been receptive to this 




 I mean I'm not going anywhere  




 Viva le revolution 




 You never burned leaves when you were a kid? The most likely scenario is they had a lighter and started playing with fire in the press box. It got out of hand because it was a 90+ day and hasn't rained in a long ass time. These are 12 year old kids, don't forget that. 12 year olds, while stupid, are not criminal masterminds capable of successfully getting away with arson in broad daylight on one of south Eugene's busiest streets. This lady is upset and maybe she can't think clearly, but any objective observer can say with certainty that they are unrelated. 




 Except it is illegal. And their servers are being hosted in the EU so they're subject to a ton of political correctness stuff. The company they were renting from before had to sever their contract because the hate stuff is illegal in Europe. 




 Also I don't think that number includes housing, books, etc. 




 80+ for 90k? Jesus christ that's terrible. 




 Civic wasn't locked up well at all. It was easy as shit to get in there. I remember during high school a few years ago every once in a while people would brag about sneaking in at night and drinking beers or smoking weed in the grandstand or dug outs. 




 Somehow I doubt that there is a ring of pre-pubescent arsonists in eugene. 




 Yeah i did a ton of stupid shit as a kid. Idk if any of it was felonious but it very well could've been. The difference is I never trespassed or caused property damage. 




 One commenter on the article mentioned that parents of minors can only be held accountable for up to 7.5k of damage done by their child, any truth to that? 




 I believe it's actually popular because in WW1 they found that circumcised dudes were not getting some sort of genital infection from living in the trenches as easily  




 And the civil war was more about states rights then slavery, though the right to own slaves was part of it.

An excerpt from the vice president of the CSA's cornerstone speech:
 
"Our new Government is founded upon exactly the opposite ideas; its foundations are laid, its cornerstone rests, upon the great truth that the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery, subordination to the superior race, is his natural and normal condition." 




 Is it right wing? I don't read it so idk but it's usually the left that's complaining about cops. 




 Here's the airsoft gun from the Andy Lopez shooting next to a real AK. If a cop tells you to drop your weapon and you whip around and face him while holding that it's no wonder you're getting shot.

https://thenypost.files.wordpress.com/2013/10/usa-california-teen-shot.jpg 




 60 days is the bare minimum amount of time that the bill has to be public before congress votes on it. So you'll have at least 2 months, probably more time to contact your representative. 




 While it wasn't part of the original CSA flag it was incorporated into the design of later versions. 




 Well yes, because it was just recently finalized. It will be public for at least 60 days before congress is allowed to vote on it. 




 Did you even read my comment? What you're describing is literally the exact opposite of what's happening. Classified negotiations =/= secret bill passing. 




 Except that can't be further from the truth. The full uncensored text of the bill, and any other bill that appears before congress, will be made public for at least 60 days before they vote on it. Stop acting like there's a giant conspiracy. The only reason any law was passed without you reading it is because you never bothered to Google the text of the law. 




 I still fail to see why this is such a bad thing. It seems that most of the people in this thread have no idea what fast tracking a bill even does.... 




 Don't forget killer of Bin Laden and the president under which gay marriage was legalized. 




 Why do you think that? Like I'm not trying to be a dick to you, I'm legitimately curious about why so many people on reddit realistically think he has a chance. Here's why I'm not so sure he does:

  Bernie is running on a campaign that promises free college, $15/hr minimum wage, cheap healthcare, and an increased amount of days off. Don't get me wrong that all sounds great, but there's absolutely nothing to suggest that any of that is feasible. Obama ran on a similar platform and didn't do any of it. He'll get roadblocked every step of the way, and he hasn't actually suggested much that he could reasonably achieve. On top of that he has absolutely no experience in foreign policy or diplomatic relations and has little experience dealing with minority problems and no experience dealing with border issues. The polling in his favor is done rather optimistically. The polls that show him gaining on hillary were done in his state, which has a 95% white population, is predominantly middle class, and has a population smaller than most large cities, or in other New English states with similar demographics. Finally, he's a self described socialist which is not going to fly in a lot of red and purple states. I doubt I'm going to view him as a realistic candidate until he shows polling promise in states in the midwest and west. 

But if you have a reason to believe that he is a realistic candidate other than his ability to connect with people then please tell me. Bernie's ideas are good in theory and if he could honestly pull them off I'd probably vote for him, but I would rather have a dem candidate that's realistic than a democratic party that's divided and a Republican party that's rallying behind one guy. 




 Maybe, maybe he could beat hillary in the primary, maybe, but then he'd get torn apart in the election campaign. No republican, independent, or conservative liberal will touch him. The democrats would essentially be committing election suicide if they nominate him over hillary. 




 By law the full text of TPP will be made public before congress votes on it. Congress cannot pass laws in private. When the bill is formally read to congress it will be made public, if not sooner. 




 What? If anything this promotes debate rather than further secret negotiations. The full bill has to be publicly disclosed (I believe at least for two months before congress votes on it), and Congress can't amend it so they either have to pass it or nix it. If there's any discrepancy in TPP you'll have plenty of time to write your representative and tell them to vote against it. Furthermore I don't understand why you people keep harping on the secret negotiations aspect of it. Classified negotiations are par for the course with any FTA because it makes reaching a deal simpler. Hell it's par for the course for non-FTA bills, even Obamacare was negotiated in secret. There's literally no reason to go all conspiro about this.  




 It will be read publicly in front of Congress. This fast track doesn't pass it, it just means that Congress can only pass it or vote it down instead of amending it. 




 Yes. It will be read publicly in front of Congress. 




 The term "poor door" is kind of misleading. The city needs low income housing so apartments built low income housing, with the caveat that the people that are paying a reduced price not have access to many of the building's amenities that the majority of tenants are paying market value for. Poor doors open into a section of the building that is physically separated from the pool, gym, etc. It's not about degrading poor people. 

The reality is that this ruling will make more property managers resistant to having low income housing in their buildings, which is really a shame because these programs allow lower class families to live in safer neighborhoods with better schools. It's not unreasonable for building managers to want to charge market value if their tenants are going to be able to use the door man and the pool and the gym and all of those rather expensive amenities. 




 Isn't Alabama just straight up ignoring the supreme court ruling? 




 I hate this idea that reddit perpetuates. Afghanistan was never about poppies, it was about winning over hearts and minds in order to undermine the Taliban's influence in rural areas. Most of the time the top brass actively discouraged burning down the poppy fields, and at least one base even went so far as to let a farmer use their sewage run off as irrigation for his poppy fields. The reason being that destroying an entire village's livelihood is going to do more to make them support the taliban than to win over their hearts and minds. 




 I've never experienced any sort of constant racism since moving to socal. Some isolated incidents here abd there but I think you're either exaggerating or from so bumfuck nowhere small town 




 That's because 90% of the American public has no understanding of basic economics and gets lost in the first paragraph of any TPP article. If you go to any business or economic centric news outlet (WSJ, Bloomberg, The Economist, etc) they are all talking about the TPP. As an informed person you are supposed to diversify your news sources. ABC, CNN, HuffPo, etc none of them hire experts, they hire *journalists*, so all the TPP stuff they write is like a crude ELI5.  Honestly you shouldn't be trying to get specialized news like science or economics from a major news outlet like CNN because those outlets are primarily equipped to report on things like politics and war because anyone with any type of degree can understand it. 




 Holy shit that's true. Why is it that all of the people that aren't going to college are the ones that post the crazy conspiro stuff? I recently had a fb friend share a post that was a picture of a HS or college age girl with tabe all over her face and written on the tape was something saying that the cure for cancer has already been found but the cancer industry is too lucrative for them to announce the cure. 









 It's prescribed for narcolepsy and shift work sleep disorder 




 Meth is still a prescription drug, trade name desoxyn. The problem with meth is that it binds to a protein that makes it neurotoxic even at low doses. That's why doctors are willing to prescribe high doses of dextroamphetamine before they prescribe even low dose methamphetamine. A study comparing long term meth and cocaine use found that a 6 day exposure to meth causes neurotoxicity, but cocaine was not neurotoxic at 11 days. Neither of them are safe but if I had a gun to my head I'd take the coke over the meth. 




 No. I've got friends interning in IB firms there right now. They've been telling me some stories haha 




 Cocaine adderall and modafinil fuel wall street  




 The Dinghy is pretty good. I rode an Arbor Pocket Rocket awhile ago and really liked it. It's a bit closer to the size of a penny. For $70 Churchill makes the Penny Killer which is basically the exact size of a penny except made of maple with metal trucks. 




 Because most people don't get a story written about them doing their job 




 Right but it might change the feel of the board.  




 Wheel recommendations for the tugboat? I took the 66mm zig zags that came with it and put them on my Land Shark bc I felt that they fit that wheel base better. I've found that the tug's wheel base feels a bit too small for me so I'm thinking smaller wheels might fix that problem. Want to try that before I go through the trouble of selling it.

I've got polar bear trucks and 1/4" risers btw. 




 Eugene hasn't been a small town for several decades.  




 Like the guy on tifu(?) that torrented a copy of dawn of the planet of the apes for his dad and it didn't have the subtitles for the apes 




 What happens when you've got lava rocks on both sides of the road. 




 What are some solid deck brands? 




 Oh ha didn't see that it was a micro. How about the full size?

http://www.tactics.com/almost/daewon-joker-dc-comics-series-775-complete-skateboard 




 are Almost decks any good? I know nothing about skateboarding but I want to pick one up on the cheap to learn to ollie and do some simple tricks and whatnot. This is the complete in question

http://www.tactics.com/almost/daewon-joker-dc-comics-series-micro-675-complete-skateboard 




 That can happen with trespassers in the US too. Something about maintaining a reasonable level of safety on your land or whatever  




 Is this a good setup? Not tryna do anything hardcore, just have a board for when I need to get through some streets that are too gnar for my longboard

http://www.tactics.com/tactics/emblem-ii-8125-complete-skateboard/silver-trucks-white-52mm-wheels 




 How are bullet trucks? 




 Hey guys what's a not too expensive street complete? I want to get a board that I can ollie on and learn to do shuvits and whatnot. Are there any solid setups I can get for less than 100?

E: Would this be good?

http://www.tactics.com/tactics/emblem-ii-8125-complete-skateboard/silver-trucks-white-52mm-wheels 




 Nah the mini is symetrical and has longer kicks. 




 He's right. Most countries drive on the right. 




 R/changemyview  




 I don't know a whole lot about dh but Bustin's sale section might have a good discounted dh board

 http://www.bustinboards.com/sale 




 Haven't turned in any handwritten assignments not including math and in class work once since I started college. 




 I just watched it like 1000 times at .5 and .25 speed and I didn't see any rocks, granted the quality isn't great at those speeds but I atleast should've been able to see it bounce away. I think she just accidentally shifted her weight in a way she wasn't expecting when she settled back into her tuck. Rough stuff though she got bounced. Sending her good vibes OP. 




 :(  




 Haha yeah it stays relatively cool here. The wind definitely helps 




 UC Santa Barbara haha I'll take the sunshine over the rain every day. 




 I feel. I grew up in Oregon but dipped tf out to go to school in SoCal. Fuck pnw weather haha 




 According to the article he was convicted of dealing crack cocaine and attempted murder under RICO. 




 You at OSU?  




 Bustin is one of the biggest *quality longboard brands out there 




 You can get a blank custom from bustin. Same price. 




 Do you like edm? The new galantis album is pretty fire.

https://soundcloud.com/wearegalantis/sets/pharmacy-out-now 




 I wonder if enough of the market is untapped that they could just raise the cost for new customers. 




 Doing mdma once a week is really bad for your serotonin receptors. You're supposed to wait three months between rolls. 




 Damn ben stiller skates surprisingly well. I would have thought that they had done all of the shots with him skating on flat ground. You think they gave him a bit of practice or he has some experience? 









 How long does it usually take Bustin to get a custom board out? When I ordered they said that the wait was 10 business days but I'm hoping that they will get it out sooner than that. 10 business days + 5 days shipping D: 




 I prefer bud over dabs all the time. Dabs hit you like a train and then it's all comedown for 90% of the high.  




 Dude the max for stat in oregon is like 5 years... Your friend did more than have sex with a 17 year old. 




 The same black box could be installed in a normal car but we don't do that now. What makes you think self driving cars will be any different? 




 Econ/accounting major here. Can confirm that math has been done correctly. 




 His point is that it works for Portugal because they're small enough that they can actually prevent drug smuggling. The US on the other hand is bordered by 2 oceans and 2 countries. We have a 2000 mile long border with one of the biggest drug exporters in the world. Comparing the US to Portugal is comparing apples and oranges. 




 You haven't been looking then.

http://m.pnas.org/content/109/40/E2657.abstract 




 Because marijuana doesn't actually cure anything. It alleviates symptoms. Stoner "activists" act like a couple puffs off a joint is enough to cure cancer but there is absolutely zero evidence that marijuana does anything but alleviate the side effects of chemotherapy. Don't get me wrong, I'm all for the legalization of marijuana, both recreational and medical, but people need to be realistic about the situation. It's not a miracle drug. So far there's no scientific evidence that points towards it being anything other than a potent painkiller and seizure drug. Acting like it's a miracle drug is only going to hurt the case for legalization when actual scientific papers come out. 




 That's in part because Portugal is actually small enough to effectively secure their borders from drug smugglers. 




 Did you sit on the water pallet and turn your board into an awesome rolling chair? 




 What kind? 




 Right but bankers are involved in finance and not the creation of goods. Inflation is the elevation of the prices of goods and services. It's realistic to think that companies will raise the prices of their goods to account for the increased production costs. That 28m figure is only for federal minimum wage workers. It doesn't include anyone making 7.26/hr or higher. 29 states have a minimum wage higher than 7.25/hr. I agree that people should be realistic about the pros   cons, it's not going to kill the economy if the minimum is raised to $15 but there will be consequences. I imagine that unemployment will go up quite a bit until the economy is strong enough to re-absorb those workers. 




 An 18 trillion dollar economy that's supported by a lot of outsourced labor. Mom and pop shops and local businesses are already struggling to survive competition with large corporations. Significantly raising their operating costs will kill a lot of those businesses. 




 3.3 million people make at or below federal minimum wage. For simplicity I'm going to say that all of those people make 7.25, although that's not the case. 3600000  7.75 = 27,900,000. That's not an insignificant amount. Especially when you consider that that's just for federal minimum wagers and doesn't include everyone making below  $15/hr. 




 High: finally out of school for summer

Low: i was skating in this park literally just 5 minutes ago and I hit something that just absolutely bricked me. Idk if it was dirt or rocks or what but fuck it hurt. Currently sitting in my car with bleeding knuckles, elbows, and knees. Trying to calm myself down a bit before driving home. Weird thing was that as I was walking away from the crash I felt like throwing up and I was seeing spots but I didn't hit my head. Had to lay down for a minute before walking all the way back to my car. 




 Ooohhhhhh all for 25? Well sheeiiiit I thought it was 25 each 




 If I recall correctly from my high school days, teacher aides are =/= to teachers in training, but rather are just people that exist to help teachers that have large class sizes. 




 That's what I thought haha had to make sure I didn't have an a deal to good to pass up in front of me 




 noice 




 noice  




 noice 




 Are those surf rodz? 




 Cheapest "good" downhill/slide deck? 




 Hahaha wtf 




 How tall are you? Maestro mini might work if youre comfortable with a smaller platform. 




 To date, reds w/ spacers + speed rings but I've only ever ridden those, some abec 5s, and muirskate beastos. I've got some zealous coming so we'll see how they are. 




 OnTrac only services west coast states so that might be why 




 Aight I know I've been posting a lot of random shiz lately but this actually seems kind of pertinent to the community. 

I was just looking at the tracking information for my latest muirskate order and saw that they're using OnTrac and not UPS or FedEx. I hadn't heard of them so I googled the carrier service and apparently 97% of their reviews on BBB are negative.... Anyone know why/when muir switched over? If I'm remembering correctly I think they used UPS last time I ordered something from them which was like 6mo ago. 

When I get my stuff I'll update about whether it was on time and arrived safely 




 But my steez  




 These jerks

https://flashback.as.ucsb.edu/2012-13/files/2011/05/2013-03-19_14-55-05_360.jpg 




 How do you guys go over those yellow devil bumps when youre using a short board? My campus has a ton of bike paths so they're everywhere. 




 I'll upvote ya brah so there's a start. Easiest way I've found is to go to /r/askreddit and sort by rising and answer the questions  




 :p 




 I don't understand how they decide when to post these threads sometimes it's noon sometimes it's 1am 




 Ole  




 Another Gaucho? 




 Order the deck from landyachtz and everything else from muir? 




 Sounds about right. The chicken is uncooked so you've got to cook it and slice it but then you've got 64 burritos worth of chicken haha 




 Ah I feel. Put weight on your front foot when you hit hills. The only time I really disperse my weight evenly is when I'm just cruising flatground. 




 Chicken breast is awesome. I go to costco and I buy 4lbs of boneless chicken breast at a time and it's only like $11 




 My Maestro comes next week!

P.S. FIRST, LOSERS! 




 Sounds like a solid setup. How new are you? Speed wobs can be a mental thing from overcorrecting. When I was first starting out I got speed wobs all the time, but now I can take my 27" Land Shark down some mellow-medium hills. 




 What is your setup?  




 That's fucked. 




 Yeah I drove by it. House was fully engulfed when I went by and the fire dept wasn't on scene yet. 26th and Jefferson. Scary part was that the flames were licking the trees so hopefully it doesn't spread. 




 $40 is a lot of money for most of this sub's demographic  




 The tug is really just designed to get you from point A to point B with a couple ollies on the way. Def not a slide or dh board.  




 I mean this website is reddit, eg reddit issues are a big deal on *this* website. Protesting and circle jerking about the NSA on *this* website gets next to nothing accomplished because most people here already have the opinion that the NSA is BS.  




 That's the point of his comment, comparing a problem to a worse problem doesn't negate the first problem. 




 reds with spacers and speed rings v zealous? 




 How dis it get under a bus? 




 If he's already well off he might be selling stuff at cost just to get people stoked on boarding. I can't really think of any other way he could have those prices 









 anorexic for a day lol you have to abstain from eating longer than that before some medical procedures. 




 Suicide by cop is a real thing that has been studied in scientific journals. The first official suicide by cop ruling was in the UK in 2003, but the phenomenon has been recorded by agencies as far back as the 80s.  




 I'm having trouble with my footbrakes. Been skating for a few months now but just decided I should probably get on that. I can foot brake with the balls of my feet but when ever I try to heel brake I either get off balance or end up walking myself to a stop instead of dragging my feet. 




 I mean OP did confess to dealing drugs on reddit so it shouldn't be too hard to prove. 




 I like hot mama's wings. The kamikaze wings are the hottest thing I've ever tasted. 




 Looks good.  




 For a full face you could probably just use a motorcycle comm system. Some of those are pretty sleel. I think Sena makes one that's almost wire free. 




 They as in the people you were talking about in your last comment as in the people running the ambulance service. 




 These particular people are being douchebags but your original comment cast a wider net. 




 Kind of but Judaism is less hostile towards nonbelievers than other religions. In Judaism they essentially believe that muslims and christians worship the same god but only the jews accepted the Torah. They believe that everyone should follow the 7 commandments, but there are certain things from the Torah that are only a sin if committed by a Jew. They don't look down on others so much as they hold themselves to a higher standard. 




 That's awesome! How do you like it? Do the flashbacks stick out too far or are they chill? 




 That's a good point. I thought about Kegels but 80mm seems like it might be too big. What about sector 9 cosmic core butterballs or orangatang stimulus?  




 Finally ordering my Maestro. What do you guys think of the setup for carving and commuting? Wheels are the only thing I'm a bit iffy on.

Maestro, Paris V2 50s, .19" Khiro drop thru pads (would .13 or .06 be better?), zealous bearings, 70mm Abec 11 81a amber flashbacks. I kinda think the grippings might be better but the flashbacks are cool looking and pretty cheap. 




