 I guess I can see that 




 It seems weird to me that those people need to use religion as a crutch to handle the big horribleness of life, while people with no faith seem to manage it just fine. Why are we so special to be able to deal? 




 Those phones have buttons...the cameras would be shit too 














 I have. It just makes me.more mad because whole sub is nothing but pictures of Minions!

I mean, I get that is the point...but I hate them because they are everywhere, so why would  I visit a sub full of them? 




 Actually, nick nacks is a legitimate alternate spelling 




 Oh FFS those stupid Minions! All of these stupid quotes that have been splashed around social media for years are now suddenly resurfacing on Minion pictures and lauded as if they are new and amazing! I get so irrationally angry about it all! 




 I crochet. I make toys and blankets and little nick nacks. I am planning to have a market stall 




 An inbuilt computer chip that stores all our personal records, bank details etc. No need to sign for shit, no need for credit cards, no facial recognition software. You can't take the chip out because it is powered by electrical impulses, and it can't be corrupted by spammers. 




 I have come to the conclusion that is getting too big for itself. With it's rise in popularity, it has become a breeding ground for angry people to vent their frustrations on others, for Karma-whores to reap meaningless attention (I guess Facebook likes aren't doing it for them any more) and for spammers to bombard us from a new and invasive angle.

Those who are not part of these groups are left annoyed, disillusioned and cynical. We don't believe any of the sob stories any more, we are sick to detah of shit turning out to be stupid stunts and are just so fed up with trolls and their bile spewing out all over the place.

Honestly, it feels like a small-scale mock-up of how the whole of humanity is slowly sinking into chaos. 




 I love this. Great stuff.

What a horrible, stupid quote though! I always get so bothered about the almost offensive way religious people try to make any sad thing upbeat.

Your baby died? He is in a better place!

Your mum had cancer? All part of God's plan!

Million suffer in pain? Through suffering, we know God! 




 Ugh. OK, so my old work has an online service for all our payslips and tax documents....but I no longer work there, so I no longer have any kind of access to previous years' tax stuff or any of my slips. 

My old work also have my old address and when they sent this years statement in the mail, despite a mail redirecting service I have in place, the letter got lost. So, I called them up to get a new one. They tell me I need to change my address with them by filling out a Change of Address Form....which they are able to email to me. I ask them why they can't just email me my group certificate. They tell me that is against their security policy. Ugh.

I ask them, if I fill in this form, will you process it quickly? No, there are lots of people trying to change their address and you will go to the back of the line.

I am more than annoyed. They have an electronic copy of my group certificate, which they refuse to send to me. I have to fill out a change of address for so they can mail it to me. They *email* me the form, and I am able to email it back, but even when I do, it will still take weeks for them to even process it!!!

And, after they process the form it will still take another week for them to send me my tax certificate...and then I have to wait another few weeks after for the Tax Office to process my return! 

In this day and age, why everything isn't electronic is beyond me!

I am just so mad at the bureacracy of it all!

/rant
 




 When this happens to me, I make up elaborate stories in my head. Like, I am some sortof hero who saves people, or a victim of a crime and I have to make up the clues and then solve them myself. Usually I get so fosused on that my brain stops dwelling on other stuff, gets bored and falls asleep.

This came in handy for me the other day. My brain decided that 1am was the perfect time to start stressing about this really ridiculous family problem we have at the moment. My dad's nephew is being really abusive to my dad because my dad has some money he owes him and his sister. THeir father used to live with us, but passed away leaving all his belongings at ours. My dad has told his newphew "I have your money, you and your sister just need to come get it. When you are here we can go through your dad's stuff and sort it al out." But they don't like eachother and refuse to come over. So, my dad buried the money in the backyard until they come over. My brain decided to begin stressing about this at 1am, because it came up with the horrible thought that if my dad died, no on would know where the money is, and it is about $50k, so it is fairly important.

Anyway, this probably doesn't help you at all but I can sympathise a least! 




 No, I'm pretty sure they made it themselves.

ba dum tis!

..I'm sorry 




 I hate having to say "bless you" when someone sneezes, I just don't see the point and I hate that it is considered rude if you don't say it.

Obviously, because of that, I hate it when people say it to me. It bothers me that these people bless me, then I usally have to say "thank you" to acknowledge that they have acknowledged my sneeze.

It is petty and stupid, but it just pisses me off 




 My husband once wrote me a love letter and he decribed me as "a sparkling diamond in the rough crowd". 

3

As to a non-soppy one, I would always have people in school come to me for help (usually with Science) because "you just have a great way of explaining things that actually makes sense! You should be a teacher!" THis made me happy 




 Agreed. That was just anecdotal bullshit.  




 Oh! I need to know about Capital Gains Tax!

How does it apply to inherited properties. I own, but my sister is buying my half of an inherited house off me. Will it get taxed? 




 I am new to CC, so I keep waiting for the assholes to show up and shit all over it. But they haven't! Everyone is so nice. I hate that I am suspicious.

I am in Australia. I work in a lab, but we have a lot of staff and everyone gets their own computer, so I often find myself just sitting around Googling things. It is kinda cool, but a bit boring.

Mine was apple, carrot, spinach and ginger. It was a greeny brown and I put waaay too much ginger in it. Plus is was super chunky and I couldn't bring myself to chew it so I tried swallowing it and now it is just sitting in my stomach like a lead weight. Blergh.

My favourite recipe so far has been banana, vanilla yogurt, protein powder, honey, cinnamon, a cube of frozen lemon juice and almond milk. It tastes like breakfast! Really yummy and very filling 




 r/relationships is where relationships come to die. Everyone is angry because their relationship sucks and try to compensate by giving shitty advice and telling you to dump your SO.

My night is actually a wednesday morning, and I am at work on Reddit. I am on non-rostered duties, so I have no where to be so no one can get mad at me :)

Also, I tried a new recipe for a fruit and veg smoothie thing today. It tasted like shit and now I feel sick :( 




 Does Kjeragbolten mean "stay the fuck off this dangerous"? 




 The human body is truly a messed up thing. 

Oh, you are becoming an adult...here, let me fuck your whole face up nice and good with this acne!!! 




 Fucking trains, amirite? 




 Damn nature, you scarycool 




 My housemate would never wash his dishes. I would always end up having to do them.

One day, we had some people over and having refused to do his dishes the night before, I also refused to cook that day. He did the cooking, no fuss and all seemed well. UNtil I looked down at the lamb cutlet I was eating and noticed a fly. A charred, well-cooked fly. THen I noticed another....and another.

I ran into the kitchen and looked into the frying pan with horror to see a whole meal of dead crispy flies in the pan.

He had used a dirty, fly covered pan to cook our meat. 

Unfortunately for him, it was only he and I who were eating the lamb cutlets. WHile I discreetly disposed of mine, I allowed him to eat all of his before showing him the pan. Needless to say, he washed his dishes from that point on. 




 The sweet, sweet justice is delicous 




 If you have any kids I am imagining they are just gorgeous. 




 He gets to see all the other weird stuff I do. This....this is for me 




 More like, THLAP THLAP THLAP THLAP 




 Oh I LOVE that song! 




 And I reckon that is the key difference...how they make you feel. 

When I read Harry Potter...even after all these years, I feel like I am returning to the exploits of old friends. I laugh, I cry, I cheer because I feel so connected with them.

ASOIAF is great and well written but I just don't feel as strongly for the characters. It's like reading a gripping account of history. I need to methodically get through it, even if it is just to have a sense of knowing what is happening...knowing but not feeling. 




 this is too cute. It makes me feel all warm and fuzzy 




 That I waited a year to go on my trip to America.
We were supposed to take the trip last year but decided to move instead. Now we are prepping to go in October...so if I died today I would be a pretty miffed ghost 




 Only if they are TV-show quality 




 A blob fish.

You can only fight crimes that occur deep down at the bottom of the ocean 




 I stand in front of my mirror naked and shake my hips to make my butt cheeks slap together.


Not even my husband knows I do this 




 I learn craft hobbies, like crochet and drawing. Creating something feels like a good use of my time, because then it doens't feel wasted.
To make friends I turned to Reddit. CatchUps are the best.

Other then that I just think about all the things I have always said "I should do that one day" and make moves to achieve them...however slowly. I will take a class or two in some random thing. It doesn't matter if I don't carry on, at least I tried. I go and explore places that I always see form afar and always think I want to have a closer look at. I also bake and bring the results to people at work. I walk around the shops or open malls, not really looking for anything, and strike up conversations with people. I have met the nicest people on the train who noticed I was crocheting and wanted to talk about it.

The way I figure it, time isn't wasted if you can say "well...I did *this* today. It can be small and just the one thing, but it feels good 




 Isn't that Angels and Demons?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Angels_%26_Demons_(film) 




 Someone shattered the glass for me for "Blue" by Eiffel 65.

I'm blue, 

I'm in need of a guy

I'm in need of a guy

I can't unhear it now 




 The HP series was for the child in us. It fed our imagination, helped us come to terms with complex things like love, and sacrifice and death. We grew with the books, and every time a new one came out it was like you were growing older with them. By the time the last one came out I was not much older than Harry. I felt like his friend and *needed* to know he was OK, because then, whatever I was dealing with or thinking about at the time would turn out OK.

ASOIAF is for us as adults. It satifies our lusts. Blood, sex and violence. We get involved in the politics and the characters because they are complex and interesting....but also otherworldly. We might have some things in common with the characters, but int he end we are enjoying reading about things that we can't relate to. Kings and Queens and war and betrayals. GRRM isn't helping us grow, he is letting us peek into a world of his own. A world that we have grown up seperately from, and one that we want more of because we don't know it.

We grew up with Harry Potter, but we live as adults with the people of Westeros.

...well that is how I see it anyway 




 I just stared at it for a while, not daring to open it just yet. I knew that once I did, I wouldn't be able to shut it until it was done....and a part of me wanted to draw out the feeling of not knowing the ending for as long as possible. I enjoyed the anticipation 




 Please tell me your were under your bedcovers, delicately turning the pages so your cranky uncle and aunt wouldn't wake up and find out you were reading about magic in the dead of night 




 Lol sorry!!! I have definitely heard of Linda Rondstadt, if that redeems me!

Also, thank you. Lately I have been trying to expand my music base, so this is a big step for me as the style is not somethig I usually listen to (but have decided I want to) 




 I sure hope so. ASOIAF is sort of that for me, but I have yet to attend a book release. I will for TWOW 




 Melbourne, Australia.

Gorgeous and sunny but it is still chilly. Maybe 12C.

12:57pm 




 I remember going to get it. It was the first book w
I was old enough to go and drive to get. I has such jittery nerves and was so happy when the lady handed it to me. It was sunny, but a little chilly. It was a school day, so the roads were quiet and no one was home when I got back so i was free to curl up on the couch and read in silence 




 I work in Medical Science, and in my experience it is a mostly female field. I have only ever had female bosses/supervisors. There are males and they are in vary degrees on senority, but the percentage is probably 30M:70F.

Because of that, I have never experienced any gender-related obstacles. My old work had a small team, so pregnancy was a thing that disrupted us quite a bit. But that never stopped anyone from having babies. It just meant that when someone got pregnant we knew our boss would be stressed out.

My new job is much better in that regard. Big team, so pregnancies are no big deal.

Aside from pregnancies I have not once came to a point where being female has stopped me achieving anything beyond some heavily lifting. I am not talked down to by any of my male collegues or made to feel inadequate.

I know all of this doesn't really answer your question, I just wanted to give my 2cents 









 Exactly! And what about a 16 year old girl who gets her face splashed all over Facebook so all her friends and schoolmates see it. She would cop so much from that.

And what about women in abusive relationships? Maybe they can't stand to bring a child into that environment but would be in such fear for their lives if their partnet found out 




 Well...yes. That's the point.  




 "Just be nice and and not horrible to other people, k? Oh and for goodness sake, do something about the goddamn environment!" 




 Isn't that like any crime? 




 Well said 




 Mental and emotional harrassment that causes a person to fear for their safety or wellbeing is very illegal in Australia 









 ...or to help their mental and physical well-being 




 I think such a law would actually be even more of a free speech/rights issue 




 Now *there* is a reason to protest 




 But...but I just described my Sunday morning 




 Well a similar law already exists in one state here, so I have a feeling this one will pass. 




 I liken this to our restrictions on smoking. You are allowed to smoke, but in certain areas to protect the public. In the past some of these protests have affected the public negatively and so restrictions are set up to prevent that happening. The law must protect all its citizens...not just protestors 




 Ugh, don't even get me started on those! 




 It must highlighted that its says "illegal at certain times" and "illegal to film" patients. They have their windows and they aren't allowed to "stalk". These seem pretty reasonable to me 




 The problem word here being "peaceful" 




 If police tell you to move on because you are in breach of the law and you refuse then you can be arrested. It's always been like that 




 There are fines, but no jail time 




 I think the point of this law is to make the existing laws easier to enforce 




 I think there is real trouble with deali g with the harrassment/harrassors...which is bringing about the need for the law 




 The protestors aren't really being punished 




 No, but inciting bullying against someone through social media fits into the Australian definition of harrassment...and that is why I think this will be helpful 




 This is what I liken it to aswell. 




 Last I heard, harrassment was illegal.  




 The article singles out this being a means to stop the protestors taking photos of the women and splashing them all over social media to shame them. In my books that qualifies as harrassment. 

Like I said, they aren't making protests illegal, they are just making the areas around abortion clinics safer. They have every right to protest down the street 




 Sorry you had to go through that. 

My friend was abused the other week on the train because of his beard. The guy was totally off his chops drunk and was telling my friend to go back to were he came from and stuff like that.

The kicker? My friend is a pasty white guy. He just happens to like beards 




 The idea of the law isn't to stop protests...it is to stop protests affecting the safety and confidentiality of people seeking medical care. 

They have the right to protest, just................over there 




 I was very happy to see this being drafted. It is a big win for women's rights...particularly the right to safe, confidential medical care 




 Not that far south. What crazy weather! 




 ----E ? 




 Well I was pretty happy about it :P 




 I saw [this](http://imgur.com/U3n81uz) in a shop once. It made me so mad that people thought this was even acceptable to sell 




 I could watch these all day.

Whatcha doing tinytruck?  




 My husband was very quick to make sure I did not do this. In the end it defrosted well enough before I had to leave 









 Being in warm bed on a rainy day, you have nowhere to be, nothing that needs doing and no one who needs you. You don't need to pee and someone has brought you breakfast in bed (a nice wholesome breakfast that isn't messy and wont get all through the bed) 




 These are cool. Could you do 3D stuff with them? 




 This is cute. Although, knowing cats it is probably more like "This is my spot, human."

Also, I expect someone to come along and say this is somehow child abuse, at some point. So prepare yourself for that...
 




 My wedding dress 




 My windscreen had ice on it this morning. As an ex-Queenslander this was a first for me 




 "I punched it in the back."

 Australia 




 ...why would I make up something like that?

And yes...it's really raking the Karma in! 









 Thanks :) [These] (http://imgur.com/a/M5rhx) are some of my other AT themed stuff. Super crappy photos and I never did finish the Marci-PB one but I still love em.

I love the story of Marci 




 Thanks :) The photo is hella grainy. I meant to do a whole bunch of them but never got around to it 




 [This](http://i.imgur.com/o8hWnn9.jpg) was my attempt 




 The jaw and the eyebrow, plus no lip definition.  














 I like it, but Marci looks a little too masculine 




 Watching my husband play COD while I make dinner.

Also my legs hurt for no reason at all :( 




 Ronnn Weasley 




 Roonil Wazlib 




 My cynicism tells me OP just thought up a joke and had a bad time applying it to a meme 














 I report every one I see 




 Pure joy and awe like this is rarely seen in am adult. It made me feel warm and fuzzy :3 




 I don't think it is OP's picture 




 She probably would have blamed you too 









 FWIW, I have never had a ticket or been involved in an accident either 




 All by myself? 




 One of the simple pleasures in life 




 My car isn't underperforming...I just obey road rules and speeds 




 A bigger person *would* let it slide...but I freely admit it makes me laugh.

Also, I pick my battles and I don't do it every day. It is a every-now-and-then thing, only reserved for the really annoying people.

One day it might bite me on the ass...and I will have no one to blame but myself
 









 A bumper up my ass,  a blaring horn and a finger is a sure fire way to get me to be an asshole driver back to you.

Oh you want me to go faster? It would be a shame if I *slowed down even more!* 




 I want a lot of money so I can do all of the things I wanna do on my American holiday.

...I mean...World Peace? 




 People mostly only talk about the bad stuff because they need help and are reaching for it.

They don't talk about the soft kisses their SO plants on their neck, or the cute notes they leave for eachother, or the way they fall asleep holding hands, or the strength they give eachother in hard times, or the happiness they enjoy simply by having someone love them back...because those things are sacred and secret and don't need to be aired.

Don't be scared off by a little dirty laundry!
 




 100 people can find something mildly interesting, and that doesn't make it more interesting than something only 10 people find mildly interesting. It just means more people have seen it 




 I constantly have people asking me where I am from in my own country...but I have never travelled long enough to have any other accent.
 It is just the way I talk.

It makes me really paranoid that I talk funny 




 Wut 




 I see this less of a good deed and more like a stroke of luck to be able to rescue a baby duck.

If anything the adorable ducky did a good deed.for you by getting itself in trouble and getting you to save it.

A day where you get to hold a baby ducky is a good day, in my books 




 I really feel that if you tried hard enough, you could see double meaning in almost anything a man says to a woman. Unless he is being outrightly rude enough to call him out, just let it slide. There is maturity in letting little things not bother you...and not trying to find insult where none exists 




 Let's get down to business 




 While I agree that people could all be a lot nicer to eachother, it wasn't as if the two women were deliberately or maliciously targeting the woman 




 Jai'me 




 Nope, except for having to occasionally accept the rope she pushes into your hand for tug o war, she is really very low maintenance 




 My Foxi Russell has a toy snake that she deliberately whips around in the air til it is draped across her back. She then trots around the house pretending it isn't there until some sort of internal switch flips and she then enters into a dramatic struggle with it like it is trying to get her. She usually ends up on her back, like she is pretending the snake is winning, then suddenly finishes the game by hurling the snake through the air to the other side of the room. Triumphant, she trots over to me and expects love and praise for defeating the deadly snake that invaded our home.


...and then she spots it again and the battle begins anew


She is a weirdo 









 Never get angry. Never make a threat. Reason with people. 

Mario, The Godfather 




 *herself 




 Don't even get me started on the term "hero"! u/siccoblue would have a conniption 




 I don't know why I could tell you were being saracstic, but it wasn't because you said Natalie Portman. It could have been anyone.  




 I guess this place can be just full of so much crap, it is hard not to turn off the crapfilter sometimes.

On top of this picture being a hella old repost, the man is publically shaming his daughter for a very normal girly thing...she wants to wear cute shorts like all her friends wear. This isn't something for a man to go around embarrassing his daughter over. So excuse me if I am not singing this father's praises. 
On top of that, the "Father of the Year" phrase *has* been a bit overworked lately, and for things (like I pointed out) are actually a little mundane. I may be a downer when I point this out, but I guess I am just not that easily impressed.

The second point you made is a little beyond what I was being critical of. That sounds like someone with an agenda scrambling to find a way to squeeze their gripes into the conversation. At least mine was in context.

And the last one...how many times have you seen sob story posts that turn out to be bullshit? We are jaded from all the lies. Can't help it.

Edit: I think you are overreacting a little about the "mass downvote" bit, but I think the reason you aren't getting agreement is because you came off really negative yourself. So what if one person disagrees with a post...they have every right to do that. Just because you don't agree with *them* doesn't mean they are wrong or the post is ruined or the world is falling apart. The world needs the Happy Harrys as much as the Debbie Downers. Keeps things grounded. Don't agree with them? No problem, you don't have to. 
Also, looking at the world with a glass-half-empty attitude isn't the sign of a bitter person, and it certainly shouldn't mean that they should just leave Reddit. It just means they aren't easily impressed and thus are more selective with things they do like 




 "Father of the Year" has lost all meaning these days.

Man talks to his child...FOTY.

Man feeds his child...FOTY.

Man makes responsible but obvious parenting choices...FOTY. 




 We are easily pleased and easily pissed off. It's a system. 

....not a *good* system 




 I feel the need to see this as a comic strip 




 My American holiday in October!!! 




 Wake my husband up and fuck his brains out 




 About 3 hours 




