 Prison School, Gangsta, and Gakkou Gurashi are the best animes out this season. 




 I actually liked that arc. It reminds me a lot of the overly attached love in Mirai Nikki, except without the whole crazy murdering. 




 Baka to Test. It has romance but I'd say its more heavy on the comedy side. 




 I didn't get the vibe of a "dark" atmosphere. All I remember are ecchi/hentai scenes that involve the MC getting together with all the chicks. I wouldn't count that as infidelity because they're all seperate timelines. I guess the MC's twin sister was a bit overattached to him but I was more horny watching that than anything. 




 One Piece is actually a really good shounen. Check it out! 




 Jojo's Bizarre Adventure. It may seem that the main cast is invincible but, without spoiling anything, they aren't. 




 As someone who has seen the first episode of FLCL and decided to drop it, how is that anime a coming of age story? Also what themes are present in the "metaphors"? 




 Not sure if cooking counts as a sports anime but you should definitely watch Shokugeki no Soma! 




 I don't understand. How is it more like School Days? It seems a lot more like Amagami SS to me. 




 Yep, I second this. One of, if not, my favorite samurai anime. It tells a great story and I personally love the opening. Not sure if it's your cup of tea or not. 




 Go or Weiqi in Chinese. It's a great asian board game not yet very popular in most western and european countries.  




 I'm not a DC comic book expert but can someone explain to me what's the purpose of the Suicide Squad? According to the synopsis I read on imdb, apparently they're a group of antihero's who are hired by the government to do secret missions in return for shortened prison sentences. Why can't the normal superheroes do the job (ex: Batman and Superman)? I saw the trailer and it seems really cool and interesting but I have almost no knowledge of the group based on the comics. Also, why would they trust supervillains to do the job? Can't they just betray the government, run out, and then continue doing whatever thing they were doing before they got caught? 




 Your story reminds me of this anime called Welcome to the NHK. The main protagonist sounds a lot like you! You should definitely check it out. 









 There's so much shit I have to do. Most of my friends and classmates are off on vacation right now but I'm stuck at home with a ton of schoolwork I need to finish. Also my parents want me to get a head start on my college essay when I don't even know the prompt...
 




 To answer your first question I have all my main Alpha skills on numbers 1-4 and my Beta skills on F1-F4. Then I have my health pots on the insert key. Do the storyline quests, leveling is actually much faster doing the quests than grinding. I suggest buying a 2x quest booster in the cash shop if you want to get to 180 and finish the storyline quickly. 




 I was thinking about getting that as well but I've been kinda speeding through the Zero dungeons and at level 137 I only have 43 dimension fragments... Apparently you need 600 in total for the whole set... 




 Hi guys! I just made a Zero and it's currently level 137. What are some nice endgame equipment for the class? I only have ~700m to spend. I know the CRA lucky item scroll is pretty expensive so I don't plan on getting the CRA set.  




 Not all hope is lost! Didn't you give her your contact information when you were exchanging phone numbers and such? Maybe she'll contact you. 




 Hey guys! This may sound like an advertisement but everyone should check out [AnimeCentrul](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxx9D4IRDkjFrPdQ72AqBNQ) on youtube! He does amazingly funny live reactions and by far the funniest anime reviewer I know other than Gigguk. 




 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_burn_centers_in_the_United_States 




 [Welcome to the NHK - Be my Escape](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMZxs4K6Z3k) 




 [At the end when](/s "The soul finally discovers that Makoto's body was actually his own and his past mistake was committing suicide. I was crying when they showed a flashback/montage of everything that happened in Makoto's past." ) 




 Watch Welcome to the NHK instead of Fate/Zero, it fits your description better. 




 I recommend the movie Colorful to anyone who's feeling down. The animation might seem a bit outdated but it's a beautiful movie with an interesting plot. Then ending is really touching/sad but it gives you a whole new perspective on life. Please try it! 




 Welcome to the NHK fits well with your description. It gets pretty dark  and depressing at the end but at the beginnning it's like a slice of life romcom. 




 I read that as Migi and I was like wtf what is Parasyte doing here on this list. 




 This is kinda different than the other other replies but I'd highly suggest Mousou Dairinin (Paranoia Agent) if you want to watch something darker and more psychological. I've seen it about a year ago and it's one of the darkest and possibly most depressing anime I've seen but it's really good! 




 Denpa Onna to Seishun Otoko is more of a romance, comedy, slice of life than a heavy supernatural/fantasy/Sci-fi. I still think you should give it a shot. I liked it when I saw it 3 years ago. 




 Bruce Lee. 




 Umbrellas when it's not raining is used to block the sunlight, especially when it's really hot outside. idk about face masks 




 1. The animal species you chose will follow your every order and wishes.
2. You're able to communicate with the animal you chose.
3. YOU CAN'T PICK HUMANS. 




 Yeah I literally saw the first episode yesterday. It has really really slow  pacing but I can already see the depression and suffering after watching the first 10 minutes of the first episode. The art style may seem a bit different and old but I think it fits the atmosphere and mood of the anime. 




 YASSSSS I love Samurai Champloo especially the OP. It's been over 3 years since I've last seen it but I remember the anime quite vividly. I love the fight scenes especially with Mugen's breakdancing samurai sword moves. 




 YOU THINK NARUTO HAS EVERYTHING? YOU SHOULD WATCH ONE PIECE. 




 I second Mayo Chiki. One of the first harems I've seen along with Bokura wa Tomodachi. 




 I'd suggest Kara no Kyoukai if you want to watch something that's a bit darker. It's actually a series of movies and while it may seem confusing at first since it's not in chronological order, once you finish or get through at least half of the movie series then I'm sure you'll love it as much as I did. 




 I'd highly recommend Welcome to the NHK. It's a great show that has romance, comedy, slice of life yet at the same time it's one of the most depressing, darkest, and most psychological animes I know. You should definitely check it out! Also, if you're struggling through some difficult times or you're feeling down, I'd highly suggest watching it. 

Be warned the anime starts off kinda comedic and light hearted but it gets darker as the series progresses. It covers some serious issues such as depression and suicide. 




 For anyone thats going through rough times or anyone who has just been feeling down or depressed lately, I highly recommend Welcome to the NHK. It's a great show and it's extremely underrated in my opinion. Please do check it out! 




 I second this! Especially this poem:

I saw it before me in shadows of doubt - My means to salvation: my only way out. It sat there in silence, and captured me, caught - Immune to my heartache, and deaf to my thought:
'I don't want a future, ' I solemnly swore, 'Of sadness and silence and loss anymore. I don't want a witness to witness goodbye - I just wanted someone to care when I cry.'
I looked at it, waiting, and muttered a vow: 'Whatever. Lets do it. It's never or now. I'm ending it here, of an evening, alone.' I reached out before me... and picked up the phone. 




 This post should have more upvotes. Too many people put emphasis on being happy and to think "positively" when actually sometimes its better to just let your negative emotions and thoughts wash over you. 

By the way, I couldn't help but think about Inside Out when I read your post. Your message is very much like the theme of that movie: You can't be happy all the time, being sad is natural and you shouldn't avoid it. 




 How? 









 I was going through a particularly troubling time period when I started watching Welcome to the NHK. The constant pressure from my parents about getting into a good college along with a slowly crumbling/strained relationship with a few of my closest friends dragged me into a depressed, helpless, and even suicidal state. 


Watching Welcome to the NHK made me feel a lot better to say the least mostly because I saw myself in ALL the characters. I knew what it felt like to have social anxiety (Sato), I knew what it felt like to be depressed/suicidal (Misaki), and I knew what it felt like to have your parents control your life (Yamazaki). Just seeing another person, even if its fictional, experience the same thing you're going through makes you feel as if you're not alone. It's a really soothing feeling to have. 

What did I takeaway from the show? Well, while there are a lot of various different lessons and themes you could find throughout the whole anime, I think the central and most crucial message is: Everyone has their own problems and although other people can comfort and help, in the end it is up to you to get yourself out of your own situation. Throughout the whole anime, it appeared as if Misaki was seen as Sato's "savior" but really she wasn't. I'll give credit to her for helping him become a more sociable person but in the end it was Sato, himself, who had to take intiative to get out in the world and overcome his social anxiety. 


Overall, the whole anime series served as a "wakeup" call for me. My situation won't get any better just by me being depressed, I actually have to take the initiative, like what Sato did in the end, to make my situation better.


Edit: If you have time check out this amv. It really fits what Sato was going through. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMZxs4K6Z3k



 




 Think about it this way

A key that can open many doors is amazing.

A door that can be opened by many keys is horrible.

Edit: it's just a joke. Calm down. 




 Are you stupid? OP was only going to text the italicized portion of the post. No one would text the whole entire thing. The non-italicized part is only further elaborating what OP mentioned in italics.   




 To his/her friends? Also I think OP was originally texting only the italicized portion but he/she further elaborated. Obviously OP wouldn't send the whole post as a text message. 




 I completely agree with your message! Anime is really beautiful and it often does teach its viewers valuable themes and lessons. I hate it when people just brush it off as a typical "cartoon" when it really isn't. Anime can have the same impact as a good book, movie, or T.V show. 

As for the anime you listed, I enjoyed all of them. Toradora was also the first romance drama anime I've seen and although it's been over 3 years since I've last seen it, I still remember the story quite vividly. Clannad was alright for me, it didn't have as much of a lasting impact as Toradora or Anohana did but I also really enjoyed the second season. As for Shigatsu Wa Kimi No Uso, it was a great anime but it's not one of my favorites. I felt the story was a bit slow at the start and it really started picking up after Kaori was sent to the hospital. I can also kinda relate to what the main characters felt and the pressure of performing on stage since I, too, used to play the violin semi-competitively. 

For me, the anime that impacted me the most is Welcome to the NHK. I definitely recommend it to anyone who's going through rough times (depression, stress, anxiety). The thing I like the most about it is how accurately it depicts depression and other mental illnesses. It also incorporates several genres such as slice of life, romance, comedy yet sometimes it turns really really bleak, depressing, dark, and psychological. Overall, I highly recommend it to you. I think you will like it and I hope you will watch it sometime soon! 




 I've seen Madoka Magica, part of Mushishi, and part of Death Parade. I liked all of them although I didn't really like the episodic nature of Mushishi. Death Parade I felt was more interesting. I do enjoy dark, psychological, and philosophical shows. I've seen Perfect Blue, Paranoia Agent, along with other Satoshi Kon works. I actually saw the first episode of Texhnolyze last night and it was REALLY REALLY slow. There was absolutely no dialogue at all within the first 10 minutes and the art style makes everything seem bleak and depressing. I felt it was sort of hard to follow but maybe part of the reason for that was because I was half asleep while watching it. I'll watch a few more episodes and if I still don't like it then I'll put it on hold. Thanks for your opinions and thoughts! 




 It doesn't help that literally the first page of the manga opens with the main character jacking off. 




 Yesss! I second this sooo much!! It really is a great story. I tried to recommend it to my friends but as soon as they heard the title they were like "uhh no thanks". I really do wish they make an anime adaption of the manga though, I think a lot of people would like it if they just gave it a shot.  




 I'm thinking about starting Texhnolyze. For those that have seen it, did you enjoy it and what type of audience would you recommend it to? 









 Yeah. The light novel actually didn't cover everything that happened in the anime. It focused more on Sato's own thoughts/lifestyle rather than the action and drama of the other characters. I actually liked the anime better but the LN was pretty good.  




 I've actually just finished Welcome to the NHK about a month ago! I love it and I also have the light novel for it!  




 You're really mature for someone your age! Most 18 year olds I know are consumed by thoughts of sex, drugs, etc. 

Just out of curiosity, how did you meet /u/tizorres? 




 [You don't want to see any pics because /u/Occasionally_Girly is actually a guy](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/3d0h0g/whats_the_worst_compliment_you_have_ever_recieved/ct0oabi?context=3) 




 Whoops. I was reading your post yesterday and I was expecting you to be at least in your thirties. I'm kinda surprised to actually see you're only 17-18.... 




 what about Satsuki Kiryin?

Those eyebrows tho... 




 Found the Ghost in the Shell fan. 




 [Aren't you that girl who's going to get married to someone you met online?](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/3cyb1a/what_happened_in_a_minute_or_less_but_changed/ct03ux0?context=3) 




 Sorry my bad! I tend to forget people's usernames... 




 What's your steam name?
 




