




 Thanks! 














 Every single thing this author publishes, it seems, is posted on this sub.  




 Good for Petula.  




 It's not that they published them, it's how they got them that will be the issue. All ESPN has to do is defend the right to protect its sources if this turns ugly and it may. The hospital may have a responsibility to discover how or if the law was broken here. 

As an aside, it's weird that ESPN even felt compelled to publish them. I mean, a missing finger is not something anyone in sports can easily hide. Why would the team's organization deny it? They'd have to address it. It's not like the medical records are disclosing some mysterious illness. 




 outside of Bernie Sanders, who sees a need for an urgent response, climate change hardly registers among the presidential candidates. It is depressing. 




 A discussion about the 'ethics' of taking photos of topless women at a beach? You're kidding right?  It doesn't rise to that level. Complete jerk is more like it. 

Just to be clear: If someone at the beach were to smack this photo happy 'journalist,' take his camera and fling it in the direction of the resident shark, the gofundme to handle the legal cost for this citizen avenger will soar.



The hed: Man who punched topless beach news photographer raises $100K 

The kicker: News photographer who says he was acting 'ethically'  is suspended by newspaper




 




 A separate point: Ask CCSU where most of its graduates end up. They will tell you that many stay in the state and locate in Central Connecticut. There are many people who will rent off campus housing and then stay in that housing once they graduate and start working. These are exactly the people you want in New Britain. Adopting housing regulations that deliberately attempt to force them out of town, is a non-starter for NB's future.  




 I'm fundamentally optimistic about NB. 

I do think that NB has much potential, especially as a magnet for young people. The housing, parks, access to education and good transportation links weigh in its favor. 

Personally, I'd like to see the city capitalize on the new bus system and focus on building housing in its downtown, especially condos that are affordable and appealing to young people. I do think Central Connecticut is moving in the mass transit direction, gradually, and to a point where people may choose to live without a car and rely more on mass transit, and I think NB should capitalize on it.  

My point is that the tendency to point fingers at the most recent mayor(s) overlooks the historical trends that many good people who served in elected office have been unable to overcome. 

 




 New Britain has been in a deep hole for decades. It completely lost its manufacturing base in the 1970s and 1980s. Most of the retail relocated outside its borders. It lost a huge portion of its downtown land to two massive intersecting highways.

There is no mayor who can fix these problems. Any candidate who says they can is delusional. There is no one mayor responsible. Where do you start? With the redevelopment decisions in the 1950s and 60s that destroyed many of the city's most architecturally unique buildings? Remember the Strand? Probably not. Or the decision on the highway? Or the shift in retail away from downtown to West Farms? What mayor do you blame for the massive lost of jobs and tax revenue? Almost every effort by the city to bring in new developers comes up short in some key aspect. Who is the major developer of downtown? Over the last three decades NB is. First, it renovated City Hall. Then it renovated the Gates building to create a new home for the school department, and it built a new police station. The state is responsible for the other new downtown development. CCSU and the court house complex and now the bus system. There's almost no private sector interest. New Britain's economic strategy has been on life support since the 1980s. 

Although you may want to blame this mayor or that mayor or whatever, New Britain's core problem is it has no tax base other than a residential taxbase. It can't tax what it doesn't have. It's increasingly dependent on the redistribution of wealth via the state. 

There's no demand for what New Britain offers: Empty industrial lots. 

I'm not writing this as an apologists or defender of any mayor. The fact of the matter is New Britain -- all tiny 13 sq miles of it -- has completely lost its economic tax base to its neighbors and China. There's almost no room to build anything in the city anymore, and other towns have reaped the benefits from the spending power of New Britain residents who buy almost everything, other than groceries, outside of the city. 

The longstanding efforts to revitalize downtown have lurched along because there's no population growth in NB or in Connecticut. There's no real job growth, and if the insurance industry keeps consolidating ... 
 









 Lived outside of Belvedere on Lawlor and Miller for more than 20 years. There was no climate of fear.  




  "Lock your doors and don't make eye contact."

That's harsh and most definitely not true.  




 Is it legal to define "students" as a separate group, and then set up a rule to discriminate against them? 

And restricting by parking? The drafters of this legislation know that the vast majority of multi-family houses do not have enough offstreet parking. This legislation appears to limit -- "three (3) bedrooms -- (3) three spaces" -- so does this mean you can have a three bedroom unit (common enough in a three-family house) and not be able to rent to students because you don't have corresponding three off-street parking spaces?

This is a totally BS piece of legislation. 

New Britain can't treat students as a separate class of people and apply special rules against them. It can't. It can't say these rules only apply to students, and not to people who are not students? You can't do that. 

(Here's something else: A lot of CCSU students are vets. They don't want to live in dorms. I was one. Putting in a requirement that a family contact be available is offensive to the extreme.) 

New Britain needs to grow up. If the corporation counsel gives this ordinance a green light, I would strongly suggest that opponents counter with a resolution for a second opinion from a lawfirm with real expertise in these matters. 

 I hope NB is sued over it. 
 




 Wow -- that video is something else. It would be a great beginning to an end-of-world film.  




 Norm Matloff, a computer science professor at the University of California at Davis, provides some commentary/background on the Primer, which was penned by John Miano, a programmer who later earned a law degree. 
https://normsaysno.wordpress.com/2015/07/02/john-miano-suggests-that-journalists-open-their-eyes/

 If you are writing up a layoff that involves tech workers, there's a very good chance they were replaced with lower cost foreign workers in the U.S. on a temporary H-1B visa. Their severance may have been contingent on training their visa holding replacement. 

Here's a example of a local report in the Dallas Morning News: http://www.dallasnews.com/business/columnists/mitchell-schnurman/20150516-schnurman-fossil-sells-out-its-tech-workers.ece 














 Only $180 billion? That's a rounding error in the federal budget.  




 As president, Jeb Bush will cut as many federal workers as possible. This is from his 2003 Florida governor Inaugural address at the Florida state capitol building. 

"There would be no greater tribute to our maturity as a society than if we can make these buildings around us empty of workers, silent monuments to the time when government played a larger role than it deserved."

(around the 15 min mark: http://www.c-span.org/video/?174603-1/florida-governor-inaugural-address) 




 Fine idea. But would rather see a support infrastructure for local bloggers who are committed to local reporting: help with design, legal issues, and most importantly, a clearinghouse or network that can funnel ads to local blogs. 

There are many local bloggers trying to do some reporting. But they make zip from things like google ads, and don't have the experience, time or technical know-how to sell local ads. 

Instead of creating a jobs program, this $3 million would be better spent incubating and helping local bloggers establish a base. 

Another reason I'd have problems with a jobs program, I'm also mistrustful of any program that selects people for the job. Based on what criteria? I'd run, instead, with self-selected people who have already demonstrated some commitment to local reporting.   




 This pope is wonderful. He's taking on the world in an entirely new way. 









 the headline is clickbait, the piece is kinda meandering and doesn't really move the ball forward. but it's harmless, a little brassy, and entertaining.  




 great piece; very informative about Dr. Oreskes.  




 did the source contact you via your new work email? If so, then your source is interested in working with you.  




 Reporters, in my experience, are mostly introverts and loathe "personal branding."    









 The negative folks are always there; like crickets in the background. But when you nail a good story that brings some real change, the cricket noise will be drowned out -- at least for a little bit of time.  

It's always been this way (pre-Internet guy here.) People were always down about something ('Why don't you cover more local news?'). It never ends. 

It's only when they stop commenting/complaining that you have to worry. 
 




 I think the weather is doing all the talking. How many "extreme" events does it take to get people to at least think that there might be a problem?  




 Well, that's a plus for news orgs that are covering Sanders, because there is clear reader interest (traffic) on pieces about Sanders.   














 And so it starts; the path to entitlement, favors.  









 Hed should be *some* of the media reaction ... As the CJR notes, NYT's Carlotta Gall, and some others, suggest Hersh is on to something. 

But the CJR is right to call out the hit pieces. 

Anonymous sourcing is unavoidable in some things, but Hersh has proven his metal. 

 




 Check out his page views.  




 What's interesting about Drudge is that in terms of design and format he is anti-change. 

In a time where news orgs are changing designs every two or three years, Drudge keeps his format simple, consistent, so 1990s. And it works. 

There's a case to made for consistency. People like it. It's like the Citgo sign at Fenway. It started as a sign; now its an iconic landmark. It's part of the landscape. People love it. It's part of what they identify with, and that's what Drudge is now -- an iconic site that people now read what they want into it: It's conservative, its influential, its .... whatever. You can look at the links and debate those things. But the one indisputable thing about Drudge is its consistency, and it works with readers. That's what news orgs should be thinking about. 
 
  




 I would bring a couple of notebooks and tell the kids to write down their names before they break ranks. Take your own photos. They'll cooperate. It's in everyone's interest to make their parents proud. 
 









 What happens if they don't get 2,500 entries?  




 Great work! 




 it neglects argument that climate change is already a moral imperative. 

where's the issue? that climate change inaction is somehow morally neutral? There's no pathway to neutrality unless you are severely delusional.  



 



 




 If the holes existed for a decade, does it mean that anyone who used these facilities over this period can make a similar claim? Are you making this a class action? 

 









  
-- Q. What's your news angle? A. I'm not sure. At this point I'm just trying to connect with authoritative sources who can help explain the issue. (An iteration of SurlyDave's response) 

-- Q. Will our company be the focus of your story? A. Not sure. It might. It really depends on the strength of the interview. (This one often works best for me, because the PR folks do get the fact that their source has to be interesting and quotable.) 

 









 That link is to Heartland. 




 Stephen Moore is a Fox News contributor. Moore is the Distinguished Visiting Fellow, Project for Economic Growth, at The Heritage Foundation.

Heritage, if not an outright denial organization, minimizes the impact of climate change and is skeptical of the global scientific consensus. It works to shoot down just about any economic and global plan for dealing with it.  




 Quote of the Week:
We talk about [tripling] in terms of revenue for the company, but there is a direct correlation with between revenue and personnel, said VandeHei. If we are going to realise our ambitions we need a lot more reporters and a lot more people on the business side. 




 This is a very apocalyptic piece and it's great that CNN ran it.  




