 My children loved this one restaurant, known as Austin Steakhouse. From the outside, it looked like a worn down apartment sitting smack in the middle of the sprawling downtown metropolis. Inside, it was full cowboy in an almost childish manner, with the waiters and waitresses spouting a apologetically fake smile and talking in a forced high pitched accent  that on many occasions had me laughing half way through my order. The chef however, was a solemn burly old man, who I had only met on one occasion, that being a mutual friends birthday outing at a club. He had a suspicious manner to him, gazing around the room like he was being watched. I had heard about him serving in the Gulf War, and thus chalked it up to PTSD.

The last time I ate there was my own daughters birthday party. She begged me to go there, even though my aversion to the atmosphere, and like the normal parent I caved in pretty quickly. You know that look they give you, with the wide eyes and the folded hands, like a stray puppy. My head was pounding from a migraine, a combination of stress and possibly illness,so I popped a Ibuprofen.Letting the drug do its magic, we loaded the car, and drove down to Austin's 

The waitress at the door, a newer person, I assumed by her age and lack of any cohesion or competence. "Hi uh sir, welcome to Austin Steakhouse, yee haw!" she tried in her best impression of a old timey southern belle, before muttering something and showing us to our table. 

"So, can I get you any drinks?" she said, beginning to sweat over the past embarrassment and the lack of any air conditioning whatsoever in the restaurant. I ordered a coke and vodka, and my sweet and innocent daughter ordered a glass of milk. She left to go process our drinks, and we began to scan the menu. "Can we get an appetizer?" she asked quizzically.

"Do I look like im Fuckin...err...freaking made of money" I raised my voice, before calming myself down and in an attempt to backtrack like a dirty politician said "Im sorry sweetie, what would you like for your special day?" She answered that she wanted a blooming onion (a heart attack on a plate, the health nuts joke).

When the waiter came back, I asked for one Blooming onion for her special day. But as soon as I said it, I wish I hadn't. The Austin Steakhouse does this thing where the WHOLE ENTIRE FUCKING STAFF come out and sing to you. A lot of racket, and I have suffered from many cases of second hand embarrassment due to other people's experiences. But then I remembered who I was here for, and began to let loose. The waitress shined a smile, and patting my little angels head, said "we have a surprise for you later!, now what would you like for you?" and soon she was writing down her order, a kid's brisket. I myself ordered a 12oz new york strip steak with a portobello shroom.

After enjoying our appetizer our meal came, with the whole crew. They had put a cute little candle on her meal. I myself was beginning to feel a buzz. As our waitress, the chef, and the hostess led the others in the first lines of "Happy Birthday" a scream overshouted them, a scream of "FREEZE! NOBODY MOVE!" and 4 policemen ran into the dining area. The chef flared the deer and headlights look. The youngest cop screamed at him "You are under arrest for 17 counts of murder, you sick piece of s***!" and proceeded to read him his rights in an angry and disgusted tone. And then it dawned on me, I looked at my plate, and I vomited

 




 dangerous to who? corporate interests 




 I always saw it as "Hillary Clinton: Moving the Democratic Party to the Right (Wing)" The arrow is pointing right 




 hmm Sweden is an obvious failure. Mr/Mrs Xyexs, is your country a stalinist hellhole?

Conservatives need to realize that socialism Bernie advocates isnt the same as the old school socialism. It is a capitalist-socialist hybrid that helps push up the working class while keeping free trade somewhat 




 There is an existing cocktail called "The Sandman" which includes

-vodka

-triple sec

-Lime juice

-Pineapple juice

-cola

Bernie Sandman Anyone? 




 XD I changed my minecraft username to BernieSanders16 




 done 




 Hmm. how about you educate yourself. Its not as if Social Democracy like Sanders advocates has led to prosperity in Sweden and Norway. Or pre-harper Canada

However. I do want to see FOX's reaction when he wins. If they were screaming about Obama being a socialist, communist, etc, then they will be taking antidepressants on air lol

 




 this is politics, where even the most moral of politicians have no morals 




