




 LARPing just got extreme.  




 Any time a girl has talent. Like they can dance, are a good athlete, plays an instrument...  I'm a goner  




 The original Mad Max movies. 




 The rotating hallway fight in Inception.  




 Has no one said April O'Neil?  




 I know I'm probably in the minority with these people but: Nick Swardson,  Greg Giraldo, Aziz Ansari, and David Cross. I like both David Cross and Aziz as actors... Just not comedians.  




 My biggest problem with the film is the fact they changed a major theme of the book, which is fear of the unknown. 

SPOILERS 

In the book the buggers attacked earth because they thought that humans were an inferior race and kind of stupid, only because they could not communicate the way they did. In the film they say they attacked because they ran out of resources and needed water or something which means that humans have some sort of knowledge of the aliens. 
The whole war is started because they could not communicate and did not understand each other. That's why Ender feels remorse and takes the baby bugger. 

Feel free to correct me if I'm wrong. That is what I got out of it.  




 Hey Cabin! From what I have heard most animators continue to use Flash since they are familiar with it and have been using it for a while. Zach and Chris said they recently started using ToonBoom. What would you recommend for someone just starting out in animation? Is ToonBoom the way to go since it's geared towards animation specifically?  




 Speaking as someone who lives in California there a few things you/she need to know. Yes, everything here is much more expensive. I live in the south Bay region and pay around $860 a month for a studio apartment. Fairly big enough but still. Also, there are good areas (redondo beach, marina del Rey, Irvine, Glendale) and there are bad areas (LA, Compton, Hollywood). Moving here won't give you any more opportunities unless you already have your foot in the door. If you have already been talking to some of these companies and are interested in giving you a job, go for it. But if you come here looking for a job you will probably fail. LA is full of people hoping to "make it" and only around 13 percent actually succeed. Look at your current circumstances and decide if that's the best decision for you.  




 Sub here. The teacher said to specifically have the students sit in their own seats. A student asked if they could move and I told them that their teacher said to stay in their seats. The student actually responded "no she didn't". I was like really? I have the paper right here!  




 What are some words Cory has used and their actual usage. 

For example: prestige - pristine 
Stunt devil - Stunt double 
...  




 Hey gang, I am just curious as to why you started a company together? What was the reason that led to this decision and how has it helped you financially or otherwise? Thanks!  




