




 When are we going to see the aliens? 




 So I was trainig one day and I was doing incline bicep curls and was just finishing my third set with a pair of 14kg dumbbells. So this guy next to me is doing preacher dumbbell curls with a 16kg dumbbell. And since I can't find the other 16kg dumbbells (not a huge gym) I am waiting for him to finish. And once he is done I ask him: "Hey, are you gonna use that dumbbell again soon?"
So he answers: "No, that was my last set."
At this point I just grab the 16kg dumbbells and all of a sudden he asks me: "Hey, just a quick Q - are you using "the chemistry"?"
And I was like: "Yeah, sure. Protein powder, creatine, you know." (Because hey, creatine is made in a lab, so in my understanding it's chemistry.)
And he was like: "No, no, no I mean "THE chemistry", as in steroids."
And I'm like: *laugh* "No man, I'm clean"
And just as I say that, I hear him say back in a turned on gay way: "Hmm, well you've done a lot of work and made 'em big"
And trust me, I was amazed by the compliment and that gave me sooo much motivation. Even though a gay dude said it. I knew he was gay btw, but that sentence just made me giggle on the inside. And it's not that I don't like gays, they're fine - a compliment is a compliment from whoever you receive it. 




 He's gonna be a great plumber, when he is older. 




 Arnold Schwarzenegger 




 I see Ultron vs. Hulk 




 Since I am graduating from High School I won't be mentioning the books, pens and pencils, but I will tell you that I use a climber's backpack (a big one). So here goes:
1. A towel
2. Gym shoes
3. Gym clothes
4.  A pair of boxers and socks for after the shower
5. Shampoo
6. Dry roll-on (Rexona stuff, anti sweating)
7. Padded straps for deadlifts
8. Gloves (Yes, they match my backpack, haters)
9. Pair of earbuds for the gym (not gonna fuck up my Hammerheads)
10. Stretch marks creme
11. The case for the Hammerheads
12. A bottle of water
13. Shaker with powder in the powder compartment.
14. A miny funnel for my one dose of creatine (hate mixing it with the shake)
15. An umbrella
I guess that's all I carry :D 




 I'd have to say left one (delts), because I am indeed like that. I am not able to get a huge chest out. However, it's not a flat one at all - just my weak point. Not to mention the "Terry Crews" gap I have.. at least a proportional one (the gap edges are like mirror images of one another).
Very good posts by the way, keep 'em up. 




 Arnold Schwarzenegger words: Chins, Pulls (Pulldowns etc.) are for the width. Any kind of rows (bent over, t-bar, seated cable, etc.) are for the thickness. Period.

And regarding my comment here: old-school is the real deal. Nowadays I see a lot of guys doing only mashines, because they think they put them in the right position. The problem of today is that there is a lot of information, which can be true AND wrong. I remember a guy telling me not to do squats, because they hurt your back. He also told me that nowadays there are mashines for those stuff. But to tell you the truth - the leg press at my gym hurts my back like hell, even thought "the mashine puts you in the right position".

So there is no magic behind the width and the thickness. Old-school is the best school! I train old school style and I can proudly say that I have made more progress than people who train the modern way (all out on the mashines). 




 At one point I was using MP Arnold Series Iron Pump, but realized I didn't really like such a huge pump. I know that it's *Arnold voice* the most satisfying feeling you can get in the gym, but I got a pump feeling without the supplement, and going above that wasn't for me. (Not to mention that my skin isn't "elastic" enough [not sure if elastic is the proper word], and I got lots of stretch marks on my biceps, triceps and shoulders) So I said to myself: "Well, I love the energy. I want energy!"
So when I finished the whole thing I switched to Hyphy M.U.D - yes, I indeed tried the Coke with Coffee thingy, and man i was sure happy I had the energy. I can even recall that I had a conversation with a buddy at the gym while lifting heavy ass weights for my biceps, while at an incline,  while being on Kali Muscle's stuff. And I hadn't even tried lifting those kilos before. So that's that.
Now I just take 3 packets of instant coffee and I'm good to go. 




 http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/647/716/c7e.png 




