 [The TV on their Wii U demo isn't straight..](http://i.imgur.com/cRH0axm.png) 




 Saving to my keyboard porn folder...right after I crop dat shit
 




 Scythians were straight ballers 




 damn whats the source for that? Very accurate 




 This is like the starter house I make on Sims when I have fuck all for money
 




 /r/im14andthisisdeep
 




 Yeah i'm by no means informed but aren't the shit working conditions in these places also influenced by their own government policies and not solely the companies in question? Why pick on just Apple when it's a nation-wide issue with almost all companies?
 




 I use Apple because they make a good product but holy shit those overhyped losers at the London iPhone 6 opening make me wanna shoot myself out of a goddamn cannon into space
 




 I feel like almost every big budget medieval movie is either set in England, France, or some fantasy realm (where everyone inexplicably has an english accent). Maybe this is just due to exposure because i'm from an english speaking country but I don't know of any movies set in medieval Germany, Austria, Poland, etc yet i'm quite interested in the Holy Roman Empire and this place/period (1000-1600 C.E.) in general. Do you guys have any suggestions? I don't care about language, just production quality (good costumes and sets) 




 Nice, have fun keeping them clean though haha, I have yet to find a good way to clean the foam part of my boosts
 




 Avatar 




 Techno is gonna take North America by storm once all the kids grow up and tire of poppy EDM. It's already happened in Europe, South America and Australia...
 




 Funny story actually. I randomly clicked Berserk:Golden Age I on Netflix in midst the peak of my Dark Souls obsession and naturally got into it because of the similarities. I was with my gf and she made fun of me and said I could only see the similarities because of how obsessed I was with Dark Souls at the time (she had to persuade me to put the game down just to come over that night.) Now of course I know there are some concrete influences and she can suck it.

 




 ...what's the name of the church?
 




 That's fair. I guess i'm coming from a somewhat young and naive perspective, being only 22 myself.
 




 O S solo when you take out Smough first. Never thought that fight was very hard at first because I always got super Smough instead of Ornstein. Super Ornstein is next level bitch
 




 You can also just hide behind a big rock/cliff and make short work of him with a great bow
 




 Yeah even with the homeward bone exploit, which makes dying a little bit less inevitable on BoC, the fight is never something I look forward to, just the last annoying step before I get to fight Gwyn and restart the game lol
 




 ugh I skate, game and make music. DOESN'T MAKE YOU RIGHT HONEYCOMBS.
 




 lmao how are people taking this seriously?  




 lmao the trap beat
 




 If you misspell Squirtle on Google it can take you to some shit... trust me
  




 Please wait while I take my extra strength dose of vitamin DUH
 




 What's the mixer/soundcard with the DON'T logo?
 




 the fact that I was looking at a picture of a photograph threw me off soo much at first
 




 Yea for real, demanding to be treated like an equal by a Senior partner lmao 
 




 I feel like that's a sort of a plot point. He's the human amongst a bunch of ambulance chasers.
 




 Once you get to like NG+6 and every bonfire is max kindled you'll just end up having a lot. Even more if you don't die often.
 




 In the first Dark Souls it's so easy to speedrun/dodge past enemy placements it basically renders them pointless if you know what you're doing. Except those damn clams in Crystal Cave. Fuck those guys. 




 This is exactly how I do it every time. Basically play shot for shot like a fuckin real man would.
 




 I've never parried Gwyn ever. I'm all about dat dodge yo. And fully upgraded giants helps lol

 




 This I believe. I don't believe an 8 year old girl made it through the entire game blind on just her intuition...
 




 /r/thathappened

jk but seriously pretty hard to believe unless she's following a guide like a cookbook. Also you forgot to tell us the timeline. If this was over the course of like a month it's believable but you make it sound like she zipped right through it with no problems whatsoever. 




 yup, that f/m ratio is for a reason
 




 Those bitches were getting DP'd every night
 




 Magic Mikearp 




 I just asked my dad if the soup we were having was home made. He answers yes, but from a package. I say that's not home made. "It was made in my home, it's home made. -_- Thanks dad  




 That shoe game though..
 




 Probably not even in the ground yet and there's like 54654 pieces of fan art depicting his headstone already...
 




 yeah but even after entering Drangleic Castle, you still have a ways to go before Nashandra. Twin Dragonriders, LGK, Shrine of Amana, Velstadt, Giant lord, Throne W D... that's at least another 400k souls

Edit: ah nvm, forgot you could just agape ring all those bosses/areas
 




 idk probably not lol. How do you even get to Nashandra with only 1m SM? It takes more than that just for the lord souls + the giant lord soul no?
 




 Yeah I'm really glad to be going back to soul level. It will actually make builds relevant again in the late game :D
 




 Yeah I definitely learned my lesson. Mofucka will never know how much damage his little jump caused hahah
 




 maan that sucks haha, no one to blame but yourself either  




 The Blue or "Aged" Smelter Demon is actually magic damage. Spell quartz +3, blue burr and Magic Havels greatshield are what you want if you gonna tank that fight. Smelter is a lot easier if you just have high agility and dodge though. 




 Difficulty wise, Iron Passage. Cool Ranch sword is almost worth it.. I would do the lightning deer dash before that place again though. 

Lore/story wise, the Grave of Saints. Even just the name had so much potential, but an entire area dedicated to rats? What even? 

Design wise, I agree Aldias Keep had such potential but just fell so flat.  




 semi-speedrunning, had just finished breezing through Heide's and the FoFG without levelling, pwned the Pursuer via the parry-ballista method, then stupidly got stuck in the gate room with the 5~10 royal soldiers in Lost Bastille and double death lost everything. Wasn't a gross amount of souls, but it was a big hit since it was like over 50k souls right at the start of the game. Basically said fuck it and started over.
 




 So I decided to cap this character just before 2m soul memory to perpetually help with Velstadt because he's my favourite boss. I'm at around 1,980,000 SM with just enough souls to buy the agape ring (first mistake) and for some reason I stupidly decided to leave Staids bonfire unlit this playthrough (second mistake) so i'm making my way over from the one in Sinners Rise. I get invaded by some guy, and not wanting to go over 2M, I plan to let him win. Only as soon as I gesture, he just runs straight off the cliff. Like he knew. 

Anyway, [this](http://i.imgur.com/CQ8AY5t.jpg) is what I was left with after the smoke cleared. _

TLDR: Ill-timed suicidal invader messed up my whole playthrough plan just by diving off a ledge. 




 the ghosts are probably the worst obstacle for challenge runs, but the mutant skeleton hounds in the tomb of giants are the king of casual playthrough enemies 




 love it
seems like the kinda guy you could just hit the blunt wit and talk about life
 




 [8] 




 Agreed, I really wish the Ruin Sentinels warpicks were a usable weapon!
 




 yup yup!
 




 This is my favourite thing to do! Depending on my mood I might let the host clear out the area and then duel, but if he's a chugger or I just feel particularly devious, i'll just lure them into a gankgle of enemies and sit back laughing. My favourite is the room in undead crypt with all the leydia pyros
 




 salt alert
 




 throwing knife? I've fallen victim to like 3 throwing knife coup de grce's today alone 




 Yeah i'm not sure what the logic was behind giving you all these crazy, unique looking boss weapons in Dark Souls 2 but then giving them such shit damage or impractical move sets that you're better off going through the game with a basic rapier..
 




 It will be one of the main selling points of Dark Souls III: Age of Shit
along with an all new online levelling system complete with killstreaks and callsigns!
Also a mt dew twitter campaign. I can already see the Faram knight on the slurpee cups.
 




 or a whole new crafting section for consumables. hexing urn + dung pie = ?

jk, I think [6]
 




 Agreed! I think those would work great thematically with faith builds
 




 Does that actually allude to an in game mechanic of the sword or is it just a cool description? 
Edit: just looked it up, gets more powerful depending on your NG+ level for anyone wondering

 




 Is Lothian an actual character with lore?
Very nice btw, Can't wait for an update on the finished piece
 




 On that note, I would love even more easter egg/joke weapons. You're in midst the heated clash of zwei on geisteel when suddenly -bong- parried by a goddamn frying pan
  




 This isn't Dark Souls 3 speculation, just wishful thinking. Apologies if this sort of question has been asked before.

Personally i've noticed one thing missing from any previous Souls games are flails. I love me some swordplay but every once in a while I just wanna go swinging around a big spiky ball like a cartoon knight. I get that it's probably physics related, hard to make a realistic flail animation but it would be awesome to have one day.

Another weapon i'd love to see is essentially a blunt spike the size of a dagger. I don't know the technical name of it, the documentary I saw it in just called it a bollock dagger because of the hilt shape, which I know can also have a cutting edge, but anyway... yeah, it'd be a great alternative to the parry dagger since they're specifically designed for punching through plate armour in hand to hand combat. I imagine it could also have a parrying option, but just scale really well against certain enemy/armour types.

I'd like to see an Ulfberht (I know this is essentially just a broadsword, but it would have a cool ass description or something)

And finally.. I'd like to see some hookswords. I know they're a little impractical but then we could finally cosplay Kabal 




 I'm all about dem spears. Feel like a goddamn spartan. I'll use whichever one, don't care if it's perceived as a "cheap" weapon because of the range. Aged Smelter Sword (Cool Ranch Danksword) is also fun coz you feel like a boss.
 




 I laughed, but RIP for srs.
 




 Did it my first play through. Thought it might be reverse psychology.
 Nope.
 




 Lud and Zallen are fairly easy, but the run to the fog gate is almost not worth it
 




 This happened to me with Sinh and I was pisssssed
 




 YOU FINISH THE FIGHT
 




 Vaati = ISIS?
 




 I knew it was coming but when I finally saw the face I burst out laughing anyway.
 




 "The proportions are off"
Oh really, tell me more about the unrealistic proportions of the giant sea monster and the flaming tiger-dog..
 




