 *She's out of your league, bruh...*
     
I never forgot the sting of that random internet comment. Sure I had lips so big they had once received an honorable mention in the '89 Guinness Book. Sure my bank account usually needed a telescope to get a good look at a snake's belly. Sure me and integrity had never set foot in the same zip code intentionally, but fuck it; I'm good enough, I'm smart enough and so the fuck what if my mother spent the better part of the 70's calculating ingenious ways to deep six my ass.
        
*She's out of your league, bruh...*
           
That remark would echo in my head for some time to come along with my wife's paranoid ramblings of entities, ghouls, demons, poltergeists and other assorted supernatural nasties that I had hitherto never contemplated with any degree of seriousness.
               
As soon as the tabloids picked up on the pending nuptials the internet had made its opinion known. A rich and famous Brazilian supermodel marrying a failed (in the following chronological order) stand-up comedian, novelist, actor, ballroom dancer, grifter and boxer. Worse, a thrice divorced polyfailure at that. Worse, an overweight, balding and shorter by a foot than my supermodel wife all of the aforementioned. 
          
Well, Claudia Santovalla Rodofranco Pern married yours truly nonetheless. You see, while I most certainly ain't good looking neither am I shy nor have I ever been afraid to look a supermodel in the eye. You see it all went down like this just a short 749 days ago...
             
During training for my black belt in judo my friend Mel had gotten a little carried a way and thrown me off the mat into a vintage radiator. 
     
The back of my head clanged with the hot metal both creating a gash and then partially searing it. This had left a nice scar and concussion as a souvenir thus ending my judo career; so what's another failure? 
      
After my head injury I seemed to develop a mid-life crisis and had decided since I had been a failure at everything else I would try my hand at bank robbery. And if that failed than I would try my hand at bungee diving sans bungee cord. Well, that was the plan anyway. But isn't that when life always rears its ugly head, when we're making other plans?
          
So there I was on a beautifully crisp autumn day in late September standing outside the bank trying to get my nerve up when I suddenly felt dizzy and nauseous. I involuntarily reached out my hand to steady myself and by serendipity groped Claudia's A-cup.
     
"What do you think you are doing!?!?!" she yelled indignantly drawing the attention of passersby. 
    
"What a creep! Oh my! Stanley!?!?! Stanley? That *is* you..."       
    
It was Ludmilla my old ballroom dancing teacher. 
    
"Feel dizzy..." was all I could manage before I could manage no more.
    
I came to a couple of minutes later with Ludmilla and Claudia hovering over me like guardian angels and ice cold spring water pouring down my giant shnoz.
    
"What happened?"
    
"You fainted Stanley."
    
"Can you get up?" Claudia asked.
    
"I think so..."
    
I was a little unsteady on my feet and both Ludmilla and Claudia put an arm around me to brace me. Just then a bright light flashed in my face followed by another and another. Was this the end of the line? Was I dying? I checked the end of the tunnel. There was no Jesus to be found, just some slimy paparazzi with an unkempt beard and a safari jacket with matching hat.
         
"Claudia! Baby! Who're your friends?"
         
"Get away from me hellspawn! You're one of those entities!"
       
"Come on baby! Just a few more! I gotta make a payment on my summer house in the Hamptons."
        
"I said, 'Begone Demon!!!!!'"
         
Just then a passing messenger yelled in my still ringing ears, "You gonna take that shit, Tarzan?" before jumping on his one speed and disappearing down Broadway.
        
The next thing I knew paparazzi demon was loaded on my hip before being launched airborne into an indifferent fire hydrant. 
        
"I'll sue! Sue you! Sue everybody!"
    
"Come on," Claudia yelled. "Let's go! Before his minions come to his aid!"
       
And just like that me, Ludmilla and Claudia cheesed it before the cops could arrive. A few blocks later we stopped to catch our collective breaths.
        
"Are you okay, Stanley?"
       
"I need a drink Ludmilla. Maybe four."
        
And just like that, at 2:30 p.m. on a Thursday afternoon, I found myself seated in a subterranean bar in lower Manhattan with Claudia the supermodel and Ludmilla the North American Latin Ballroom champion of 2007-2009. They were no lightweights, let me tell you.
    
Eight martinis later Claudia said, "You know, I have not laughed in forever. I cannot even remember the last time I laughed. I think maybe I am possessed. There is a priest I have heard of in Sao Paulo who can perform an exorcism..."
        
"I can make you laugh," I said.
     
"Bet you cannot."
    
"Bet I can."
    
"Can't."
  
"Can."
   
Ludmilla watched us go back and forth like she was watching a tennis match between retards.
    
"Oh, just make her laugh already Stanley."
     
"Okay," I said. "A skeleton walks into a bar. He bellies up to said bar taking a seat. The skeleton drops a twenty on the bar and lights a filterless Camel. The bartender walks over to where he's sitting and says, 'What'll you have, pal?'
      
Skeleton blows a smoke ring and says, 'A beer and a mop.'
       
Ludmilla arched a Croatian eyebrow in my direction. Claudia the supermodel looked at me quizzically for a moment. A moment later she spat a mouthful of Apple Martini in my face bursting into laughter. 
       
"A beer and a mop!" she squealed. "A beer and a mop. I am going to pee myself!"
        
"Then you'll need a mop too," Ludmilla said.
      
That only made Claudia laugh harder. After a while she just shook soundlessly as tears poured down her emaciated face. Eventually she got it under control and announced to the table, "I gotta pee so bad." 
    
Four martinis and one cab ride later I was on the floor of Claudia's penthouse suite having the best drunken sex of my life I could remember.
        
*She's out of your league, bruh...*      
        
A month later Claudia informed me she was pregnant. I never asked if it was mine. I just saw it as an opportunity.
    
"Marry me?"
    
"Okay!"

We were married a month later in New Orleans and on our honeymoon Claudia promptly had a miscarriage. After that things went from bad to worse and then from worse to worser and then finally all the way to worsest and beyond. 
     
But alas, Claudia was a strict Catholic and the thought of divorce was, well unthinkable for her. Even her mother who hated me with a xx-large capital "H" warned her that divorced women do not pass go but rather go straight to hell.
    
As for me, well I was now living the high life on Claudia's dime and I had no intention of giving it up to go back to being some loser's middle-aged loser roommate working dead-end jobs while my expanding beer gut made any hope of ever seeing my penis again a horrifically remote possibility. 
        
After losing the baby Claudia was convinced that she had somehow fallen from God's good graces and that there must certainly be unadulterated evil afoot. 
          
"It could be an evil entity, Stanley. I knew I should have doubled the tithe..."
           
"Maybe... I have been experiencing sleep paralysis lately."
       
"You too? I have as well."
       
"Or maybe it's a demon... Or maybe a whole horde of demons! Maybe they conspired to take over your uterus?"
        
"I don't know what to do. I'm so depressed I can barely get out of bed to keep the shrine lit. And worse, all I want to do is eat ice cream."
    
Now I do not have to tell you that a three month ice cream binge is not going to work wonders for a supermodel's career. Slowly but surely one pint turned into two and then three and Claudia's once super fine ass slowly went from Very Good to Good to Fair to Poor condition by Comic Book Price Guide standards.
    
"Well, you're already filthy rich babe. Who cares if you get fat?"
    
"Are you saying I got fat?!?!?!?!"
   
"No. No. That's just what *they're* saying..."
     
And with that Claudia threw a pimento fork at me that just missed my eye before going on her third crying jag of the morning. The truth was I had had it with this crazy bitch. I hadn't gotten laid since the honeymoon and I had no money of my own. I was a beast in a gilded cage and I wanted out but I had signed the dreaded... dum-duh-dum... prenuptial agreement.
        
Yeppers. I could walk away anytime. Not drive. Not fly. Not bicycle. Not take mass transit. Walk. Cause that was the only form of locomotion I could afford on my own steam.
            
*She's out of your league, dude.*     
   
And that's when it hit me. Like a volleyball in the face. I had a plan. Thank you random internet douche.       
    
"Claudia, I'd like to introduce Dr. Vonnegut."
    
"Why is this man in my house, Stanley?"
   
"Dr. Vonnegut is a weight-loss and depression specialist."
    
That got Claudia's attention. 
    
"So, you can eat as many as you like and I guarantee you will lose weight like nobody's business, you betcha!"
    
"It seems to good to be true," Claudia squealed like a kid on Christmas.
    
"Well, thank you Dr. Vonnegut," I said and walked him to the door.
   
Back in the bedroom Claudia began to dig in to the gigantic crate of Slim Jim's that Dr. Vonnegut had modified for Claudia's benefit. They were real beef, that is, in addition to mechanically separated chicken, corn and wheat proteins, lactic acid cultures, dextrose, salt, sodium nitrite, and the ever-tasty hydrolyzed soy with a sixteenth of a gram of 99% pure Bolivian Rock and just a sprinkle of heroin. 
     
"I can't stop eating these, Stanley. They're really tasty this is the best diet I've ever been on it's not like a diet no I don't wanna have sex but can we just stay up all night making shadows on the walls because shadows are the other side of God's light and when he said let there be light there was gonna be light and sometimes when I bend down to tie my shoes hey let's go jogging and go get a dog and do not touch my Slim Jim's."
    
So after having gained fifty pounds of Ben   Jerry cottage cheese on her Brazilian ass the Slim Jim Escobar diet had now shed thirty-five pounds of that in nearly six weeks. 
    
*She's out of your league, bruh...*     
   
Finally Claudia was a few pounds away from her runway weight but unfortunately she had massive black circles under her eyes and looked very much like the ghouls, entities, spooks, demons and other assorted supernatural and paranormal freak-outs that her strict Catholic upbringing had instilled deep in her id run amok.
    
"Honey. Dr. Vonnegut is here."
   
"Ooooh. Dr. Vonnegut. Do you have something for awake non-paralysis?"
   
"Yes, dear. I'm going to give you an examination and a shot. It will help you to sleep."
   
"Okay."
    
"Well, she's finally asleep."
   
"How's her health?"
   
"Not so bad. But I'm gonna fix that."
    
"I knew you would Dr. Vonnegut."
    
"Anybody ever tell you she's out of your league, Stan?"
    
"Just the voices in and outside my head."
    
An hour later Dr. Vonnegut had stitched the last stitch and was dressing the wound.
     
"Take two of these and I'll be back in the morning," Dr. Vonnegut said handing me two jumbo vials of crack.
   
"Will do."
   
...
    
"Cancer?!?!?! Cancer?!?!!? But I'm back to my runway weight! I'm in the pink! This can't be happening."
    
"I'm afraid so. Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosissarcoma is a very rare form too that supposedly only afflicted Hitler, Stalin and Colonel Sanders and we've only figured that out recently. Even with aggressive treatment you probably only have two weeks to live at the outside."
        
"This cannot be happening!"
       
"Dr. Vonnegut! Isn't there anything we can do?"
    
"Well, there is one thing, but, no, I really shouldn't say."
    
"What is it!?!? You must tell me!! I cannot lose Claudia!"
    
"Yes, Dr. Vonnegut. What can I do?" Claudia asked wide-eyed and panic-stricken.
    
"Cryogenics."
   
"You want to freeze me after I die?"
    
"No. I want to freeze you before you get any worse. A colleague of mine has invented a new method of cryogenic preservation but it is unapproved and extremely risky."
    
"What are the odds it will work?"
   
"50/50."
   
"What are the odds the cancer will kill her?" I asked.
   
"Guaranteed."
    
"Doctor, I'll only hear of it under one condition."
   
Claudia looked at me quizzically, her mouth still agape the past five minutes since being delivered her grim prognosis.
   
"Condition? Hmm?"
   
"I want to be frozen right alongside my wife. I do not believe in divorce nor do I believe in separation."
    
Claudia's face softened. For the first time in two years she looked at me with something less than disgust, hatred, venom and resentment.
    
"But there are no guarantees, Stanley."
   
"I do not care. I made a vow to God and man that I would love and honor my wife till death do us part not deep freeze."
    
"I warn you both. Not only is it not guaranteed but it is extremely expensive."
    
"How much is it?" I asked.
    
"Two million dollars each."
   
"Pish posh," said Claudia waving her hand. "I have millions."
    
"But when will we be awoken?"
    
"In the future."
   
"And what will we do for money then?"
    
"I suggest you convert whatever assets you have into gold. The cryogenic lab has a vault. One never knows what the future holds in store. Or if there will even be a civilization as we know it."
    
"Can we have some time to th-"
   
"I don't need to think! I am too young and too beautiful to die. Tell your Doctor friend we will do it. Stanley, get me my laptop and some more Slim Jims. I will make the arrangements ahora mismo."
    
...
    
And for two weeks; she was lovey dovey. 
     
And then with eleven million in gold ingots in the cryogenic lab's vault we were wheeled into the prep-room. 
    
Dr. Malmsteen and a nurse named Ratchet began our IV drip which contained a healthy amount of demerol. Claudia and I held hands for what might be the last time. 
    
"I always loved you Clau."
    
"I know," she said without squeezing my hand tighter.
    
"I'll be right next to you, until God willing, there's a cure."
   
"Thank you, Stanley. I didn't think you had it in you."
    
"You know I'm not in your league," I said.
   
"I know," she said. "But I liked the skeleton joke."
    
The demerol began to take effect and Dr. Malmsteen said, "Just count backwards from 100..."
    
"...49, 48, 47..."

"If I didn't get frozen too would you have left me any money?" I asked a minute later feeling Clau's hand start to go limp.
    
"Not even a peso, Stanley."
    
"It's okay. I wouldn't have either."
    
"I know," were the last words I heard.
    
And then, Claudia was out cold. I watched Dr. Malmsteen and Nurse Ratchet ease her into the preservation tank and begin to fill it with nitrogen or whatever they used to turn people into popsicles. 
    
I cracked my neck and got off the gurney. 
   
"Has my money been transferred?"
    
"It should all be there," Dr. Malmsteen said.
   
"Can I use your computer to check?"
   
"Be my guest."
   
I logged on and checked my balance. Five million Euros. Cash money. 
    
"Well I'll be seeing you," I said as I zipped up my leather jacket and prepared to take my leave.
    
"You know, she was right about one thing," Dr. Malmsteen said.
    
"Yeah? What's that?"
    
"She's out of your league, bruh."
    
"I know," I said nodding. "But not Ted Williams'."
     
"By the way, this was your best grift yet, Stan. I didn't think you had it in you."

I never met a compliment I trusted so I beat a hasty retreat.
        
After I left the ersatz cryogenic lab feeling like five million Euros and change I stopped for a celebratory beer feeling a genuine gratitude that I wouldn't need a mop chaser for what I hoped would be a very long time. 














 Sometimes we all must hack it :)) 




