









 Most Beatles songs.  




 Knocked his lights out.  




 A pony 




 It takes me months to read a book, this guy just memorized a dictionary in nine weeks.  




 They still have witch trials down in Africa. It's very sad to see that they're that far behind in society.  




 I'd say rifling. It made guns more accurate so soldiers didn't have to stand in huge masses and get slaughtered.  




 I'll have to put a cloth over my key's every time I pull them out now.  














 The day after Valentine's day, must have not had a good holiday.  




 Yes, every weekend.  




 I need a cigarette now.  




 Become the name of a book titled "The Grapes of Wrath" 




 I'm surprised they found a taxi driver that quickly, that was willing to do this.  




 [Shrek is Love Shrek is Life]( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=P_MJbgO7SF0 has_verified=1 client=mv-google layout=mobile) 




 A satchel, you can also look like an adventurer now.  




 Dark humor 




 Ironic 




 "Here's the grenade, now where's the pin" 














 VATS on Fallout 




 Opera glasses 




 Rusty toothpick 




 Check his Facebook page. Apparently it's a lot of people. However if the probation party still gets votes he will too.  




 Seems like too much work.  




 Fallout.  




 His campaign is just a joke.  














 Inverted thoughts that everyone has.  




 Was the opposing candidates really that bad.  




 That's why I listen to radioactive every time I smoke 









 Mosquitos 




 Japan's always doing something weird.  









 Look at the flick of the wrists.  




 Food tester  




 Average embarrassed company response *His former employer, the Gasparilla Island Bridge Authority, told NBC2 that they couldnt comment on the issue.* 




 That's one way to show that you don't like your step parents.  




 He was ready.  









 "We didn't really notice all the smoke coming from the ground" 




 Business is business 









 Was his character's name Joe Swanson? 




 I'll just stay hungry 




 I'm pretty excited to go to vacation in Cuba in the future. I just hope the island doesn't get ruined like Oahu, Hawaii is.  




 American Graffiti, No Country for Old Men, Fury..... 




 I wish he would stop by El Paso.  




 Climate change is a big deal, I hope the social trend changes to this soon.  




 Mianus is not Uranus 



















 Space Balls 




 Ice bucket. *instead of donating I choose to pour cold water on myself* 









 "Napoleon's new game of *conquer Russia* began to freeze around the winter stage" 




 Chewing tobacco keeps me pretty focused during boring times.  




 Most horror movies.  




 Waiting all week for next weekend 




 [Achilles in Vietnam]( http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6069.Achilles_in_Vietnam) 




 They hadn't invited rifling yet so the shots were inaccurate. If you put everyone in a line and have that many people firing then you have a greater chance of accuracy. Also the war during that time was considered a gentleman's war, where you came out and faced your enemy.  




 Donald Trump isn't just ruining his party, he's ruining American politics in general. He's a complete embarrassment to the country. It's sad that there are some good politicians with good ideas being overshadowed by this clown.  














 The government spends more money on air conditioning in Afghanistan than it does on NASA.  














 Solar power is the way to go.  




 Teleport in front of a car because my power sucks.  




 It would have had that extra half star but Jar Jar Binks ruined that.  




 I think this is proof that sex-ed needs to be taught in all schools.  




 Ignorance 














 r/petitions 




 Congressional term limits.  




 Building models.  




 I screm, you screm, we all scream for bnh mi.  









 The public wasn't ready for his brilliance.  

















































 Throwing rocks at an object to see who can hit it first 




 I say "probably not going to work out"  I got it from a former coworker.  




 ISIS just takes credit for any terrorist related activities just to promote themselves.  




 Pop that Pussy.  
























 Politics.  




 Boston molasses party 




 I'd say Lyndon B Johnson.  




 Funeral 




 Politics or history.  



















 Man loves his dog so much he did this..... 




 Probably his facial expression when he ordered the purge.  




 If I was invisible I'd take a nap knowing no one would bother me.  




 El Paso Texas 









 Couldn't imagine why.  




 U.S.Army 




 This coffee tastes like shit.  




 Shooting guns.  














 It's an alternate universe were the friend zoned guys get the girls.  




 If they used the internet for something productive it would be an awesome idea. Lets be honest though it'll probably just be used for social media, porn and game systems.  









 Spit out my tobacco 




 All over 



















 "So I'm back in with the planets right...right....where are you going?" 




 Mild inconveniences 




 No lobbyists 




 Damn talk about a long walk of shame, she could have just drove.  




 Gossip Girl, Foley's War, House of Cards, Turn, Tudors.  




 Did you gain weight? 




 Did the car ever get fixed? 




 They became racist after the majority went on to be nationalists hating on Pakistani's I believe. Watch [This is England]( http://m.imdb.com/title/tt0480025/) 




 You know the Jade Helm conspiracies. Imagine if they told us everything.....utter chaos.  




 You're obligated to run the family business.  



















 The future most likely holds an Iranian version of Chernobyl.  




 "Looks like you have a nasty cavity there, a quick fix" *dentist sticks gum on tooth* 




 A dart gun for the friends that are out of control.  




 Greece is an example of European double standards.  




 Clean water 




 The asshole.  




 Skyscraper Windows 




 I know what you mean by walking fast. I have places to be and things to do.  




 Diarrhea 









 Heard the judge was a real dick.  




 Because I'm constipated.  














 They can afford all the gifts though.  




 Re-posting 














 Play Dough 




 I've been there, it's a pretty nice school.  




 [Mount and Blade Warband: Napoleonic Wars]( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=SzWAX0VrYZQ) 














 It's a terrible website, complicated to use, outdated software, constantly going down/not working, you get minimal help when trying to find stuff.  We're forced to use it in the army though.  




 AKO(Army Knowledge Online) by far the worst website.  














 A top hat 




 Toilet paper 




 I could never work at Coca-Cola 




 Yeah, the article said there's about 2 dozen soldiers waiting for immigration. Not as bad as Vietnam but still happening.  




 [Hueco Tanks State Park]( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hueco_Tanks_State_Historic_Site) 
























