 What are the implications of that? Do I lose all of my other purchased content? 




 I was in Canada last week for vacation. It still astounds me how polite they are compared to US Americans. And yes, I know, that's a joke, but it's also true. Seriously, anytime we needed help the people were extremely helpful and gracious. Hell, even the bums panhandling for cash were polite by asking if they could have a minute of our time. The border officers too. My wife somehow cut her leg with her shoe (no idea how she managed, maybe itching a mosquito bite) and the border officers insisted on taking a look to make sure she was ok and providing bandaids so she wouldn't bleed on her clothes. Genuinely super nice people.

You Canucks have a pretty awesome country, don't let the conservatives up there ruin it for you. 




 The terrifying part is I am seeing more and more republicans supporting him. They love people who spout their racist BS out loud. But don't mention that he had bankrupted several businesses and that his crowning achievement,  selling Atlantic City on casinos, has caused the city to turn into a massive disaster. 




 If the goal is to get to the UK because they lack an ID requirement, why not just spend the required time in the foreign legion to get French citizenship? 




 Yay! OP is the real MVP :) 




 Well, OP tried making it with actual Kiwis but they kept resisting and muttering something about sheep when he tried to put them in the blender. 




 OP don't leave us hanging you bastard! Share the recipe! 




 Hey everyone. I am about to tackle this epic. I found a transliteration (honestly, a podcast). I know it is an  utterly massive work. Any advice on how to approach it?

I know when I attempted war and peace it was suggested to keep a notebook to track all of the characters who are introduced so you can keep them straight in your head. Is this similar in scope? 




 Today my wife and I were in Ithaca NY for lunch, and there was a guy handing out leaflets. As we walked buy I shook my head and said no thanks. He stiffened up and started going off about how he should thank me for showing him that some people think they are so superior they will hush someone without even giving them a chance to talk. At least that's what I think he said... I was already walking away. I was uncomfortable,  my wife was uncomfortable,  but it did make me think a little bit.

In my day to day life I work in a very large city, and am constantly bombarded by panhandlers, crackheads, the supposedly homeless, buskers, etc. When I first moved to the city I tried to at least hear them out, but after a few really bad experiences I just stopped paying any attention to them (up to one time when police got involved because a guy started going violent). They talk to me and I walk by like they aren't there. At most I may give them a "no thanks" without even looking at them.

The thing is... these are people. There is another soul behind those eyes with thoughts and emotions. And not all of them are violent crazies or crackheads. Am I doing something morally abhorrent by not even giving them a chance to speak? Am I acting superior by mentally putting those people in the same mental white noise category as passing cars? 




 You look pretty as is, I wouldn't change a thing (not creepy internet guy hitting on you, just stating the facts).

That said, you are the only one who has to live in your skin. If it matters enough to you that you think it is worth the risks (from regret and financial hardship, up to botched surgery and permanent disfigurement or even death) then go for it.

Just remember that plastic surgery can become addictive, and always have you chasing the next improvement. Instead of learning to love yourself and becoming comfortable in your own skin, you can find yourself seeking out and focusing on your imperfections. You can find yourself constantly chasing some unreachable goal of perfection that will always be driving your self esteem down because you just cant accept how you look. 




 Sadly this was true. Also you always had one... less than attractive... girl there who acted like a diva because many of the neckbeards got caught up in "OMG A GIRL" fever.

There were a lot of posers and script kiddies who were "l33t". There were ALSO a bunch of industry guys who had "adult" conversations about real network and system security issues. That was me. It wasnt all "omgh4x0rz". 

If you listened to people and asked questions you could learn a hell of a lot. Learning how to sniff tcp streams with wireshark and extract binary information from sessions was KILLER. It actually landed me a job promotion when I showed my employer, a medical PACS vendor, that they needed to use SSL OR TLS to encrypt all transfers because you could grab the images off the wire. Also learning how to execute poison ARP attacks. I also remember going to cons for competition hacking. That stuff was COOL.

Sadly I also remember having to explain to guys what telnet was and how proxies worked a hundred times.

I wonder if the group still meets up... 




 Admission = you are given a room by the doctor's order and legally considered an inpatient. This happened in the ER, which is considered outpatient care. They aren't the same thing. 

http://mobile.nytimes.com/blogs/newoldage/2013/10/29/two-kinds-of-hospital-patients-admitted-and-not/ 




 Sadly this is true. My ex was pregnant and we took her to the hospital due to hemorrhaging. They never admitted her. The doctor checked her vag and determined it was an ovarian cyst that had burst. They gave her 2 bags of saline, and took blood for bloodwork. She left the hospital after 2 hours.

The charge was $16k without her even being admitted to the hospital. 




 Sort of. Bubble hash can be made using ice water and no extraction.

Wax is exclusively made using the butane process (put pot in a tube with a nozzle, force butane through it and let it drip on a tray, scrape up goop after it stops bubbling). Basically you can warm that goop to remove more butane and it takes on different physical appearances depending on how pure it is and how much butane was removed.

Wax looks like earwax.

Overall its like traditional hash. 




 Damnit, I live about 30 minutes from one of the largest pork processors in the US and we never ever get deals like this, not even manager specials (and I am buddies with a butcher). How do you guys do it? 




 Is it poisonous? Usually colors that bright serve as a warning dont they? 




 Fox makes nice bike shorts that come with a padded pair of underoos that you cut out. You can wear those underoos under anything to pad your bum.

As some other folks mentioned, the soreness should go away over time if the bike is fitted properly. But I can understand wanting some relief in the meantime.

Also a good saddle is a great investment, but they will take time to break in. I love brooks saddles but they take lots of miles before they're really fitted properly to you. 




 Some window break sensors work by detecting the sudden pressure change created when a window gets smashed on an otherwise closed vehicle.  




 Is this more or less sensitive than a window break sensor? 




 Probably several grand split across many sessions, each costing a few hundred. Ink like this is never done in a single day. 




 Honestly? You won't. At least not in the short term. I grew up in the country on a farm, so hitting the occasional bun or turtle with a lawnmower (or worse, tiller - vegans have no idea how many animals die because of plant based diets) happened all the time. It sucks. A lot.

You just have to remember that the mechanism for rabbit survival is outbreeding what the predators can kill. A lot of bunnies die. A LOT. Heck, they will literally kick so hard they'll snap their own backs and die if they're startled. They're just not sturdy animals. 

It's shallow comfort I know, but there is a huge possibility that bun wasn't going to live long anyway. That's the best I've got for ya. 




 My biggest concern about google these days is that there are so many antitrust rumblings starting to bubble up.  If that takes hold, it could quickly impact google. Especially if, in the worst case, they were forced to divest into several companies. A lot (nearly all) of their services rely on free access to data from other google services, and having to pay to access this could quickly chew up any revenue for the newly created companies.

Apple I have never been enchanted with (I know several engineers who were badly screwed over by Jobs). Jobs left a 5 year plan, and much like when Gates left MS to Balmer, Tim Cook isn't a visionary as much as he is a sales guy. I mean, quality is already slowly slipping (reception issues on iPhone 5, the bendable iPhone 6, etc). They're already near the top, and they cant stay there forever. Android devices are coming out with new features far faster than apple, apple is starting to play the "hey, we can do that too!" game and is innovating less and less with new products, and just repackaging things other companies have done. The one thing they may be doing is the apple car, which could be an interesting twist but I doubt it will supplant their main business.

Tesla I think has an interesting future, especially when their lower price model becomes available. 




 That's kinda the reddit MO these days. If someone asks a question or has a misconception and asks for clarity people rate them down. It's sadly just kinda the way things are now. I agree, it sucks. 




 Challenge: trying to slim jim a car that is on fire and has a person trapped inside desparately trying to work the handle as you're doing it. 




 This is hugely helpful. A friend of mine died in a car fire and the thought of it happening to anyone, let alone my family, absolutely terrifies me. I'll pass this on. 




 Fruit leathers.

We have a farm market across the street and they have a discount rack for fruits and veggies that are super ripe or starting to mold.

We take them, cut off any bad parts, liquify them, and spread them on a fruit leather tray in a cheap dehydrator. 12-24 hours later you have what are essentially fruit roll ups that you can eat guiltlessly.

A week ago we picked up 10lbs of strawberries for 9.90. Half got turned into fruit leathers, the rest turned into several pints of strawberry jam and thrown into the pantry. 




 He is incorrect on one part (unless the law changed in the last 7 years which is possible). You are in fact allowed to buy more than 192 ounces at a six pack shop if they choose to let you.

However you are not allowed to PHYSICALLY LEAVE the store with more than 192 ounces in your possession. So, you could buy twice that, but you can only physically walk out of the store with half of it at a time.

This leads to some hilarious situations where you watch college kids trying to buy a bunch of 40's realizing that they can only carry out 4 at a time, and maybe one or two bottles of their six pack. They then have to drop that off in their vehicle or set it outside the door of the shop, walk back in and get the next 192 ounce qty, and repeat until they have everything.

Even if you have a group of 2 people the group can only leave the premises with a volume less than 192 ounces. They would then have to return and get the rest. 




 Gov Wolf is also in the pocket of the PA malt beverage distributors association who are very happy with the status quo. 




 Thats not really true. PA is one of the largest states in the union, and while most of the major metropolitan centers are sort of near borders (lehigh valley, delaware valley, pittsburgh, etc) they are still often an hour away. If you are in the middle of the state it is easily a 2+ hour drive across a border. 

I live in the Lehigh Valley and it is about 30 minutes to NJ. I have to make the trip somewhat frequently to buy grain alcohol for making extracts. You can get a license in PA for free, but there are only 2-3 stores in the state that carry 90%+ grain alcohol so even if you have the permit you're screwed if you arent near them.

If you live in Philly you could go to Camden if you really don't value your life. 




 This depends a lot on the restaurant and how tightly they want to play it. The concern is straw buyers... where someone buys it who is over 21, and hands it to a person who is under 21. 




 I used to work at a beer distributor (the only stores legally able to sell beer that dont have a "cafe" license). This is totally true. The PALCB (liquor control board) charges breweries to allow their products into the state. When we got special requests we would have to look up the brewery and individual beer to see if they had paid the PALCB the bribe money to let the beer exist in the state.

This combined with the fact that regional distributors (google the 3 tier system for more info) are aligned with either SABC or InBev means that most breweries simply can't deal with the state.

It also leads to horror stories where bars got rare bottles, kegs, etc and the PALCB confiscated and "destroyed" all of it.  




 As a Pennsylvanian, our laws suck. Worse still is that the PA LCB tries to justify them by saying "theu result in cheaper prices for consumers because the state buys in bulk" yet if I go 10 miles over the border into NJ, I always pay less.

Stupid outdated laws need to go away. 




 Courtney cox in a heartbeat, so no worries. 




 Not to mention, cartels don't instantly fight every time they talk. Suppose Guzman doesnt have "a guy" near you. But another cartel does. They trade x amount of product in exchange for cartel #2's "guy" to dispose of you. You go away, Guzman is happy, the cartels have their business transaction, and everyone continues on their merry way. Except you, you're dead. 




 Sadly I have actually started seeing some really dumb people supporting him and saying he would get their vote. Never ignore stupid people in large numbers. 




 I don't know if they would survive. Despite Texas secession enthusiasts fapping over rose tinted history, the Republic of Texas was on the verge of collapse when it joined the union (and wanted to join so desperately that it relinquished large portions of land on its northern borders to do so). The republic encountered massive issues with droughts, self defense, and being unable to afford any kind of meaningful infrastructure. 

So Texas has its own power grid? Cool! But good luck getting nuclear fissile material. Or natural gas when the US shuts off the pipes. Coal is absolutely not going to produce enough to power the whole state.

Self defense? Well considering the mass exodus of federal workers and military there will be massive portions of Texas with no meaningful defense. And Mexico is right there seeing its old land defenseless. Thats if the cartels didnt start taking over swaths of now defenseless land. The abandoned Fort hood under the control of the narcos would be interesting wouldnt it? Especially when the usual MO for the US military abandoning a base is to leave equipment behind (or sell it by weight to the highest bidders).

I'm not saying they can't survive, I'm just thinking most Texans don't realize how deeply in shit they would be swimming if they left the union. 

The Texas republic failed, and history tends to repeat itself. 




 And this is why I am slowly convincing my wife that we need to retire in Holland. 




 Is that what the God Dang Mongorians use to knock down the shitty wall? 




 Wow, I never thought I'd be thankful for Sodexo. 




 So out of curiosity what happens if someone receives a fatal punch? Is it considered manslaughter instead of murder because you weren't actually assaulting the other party? 




 I am not a cop. However when I worked at a gas station a decade ago we offered free coffee and donuts to all police as a way to get them to come through more often (this wasn't in the best neighborhood so the extra protection police provided was appreciated).

Not all officers took advantage of the offer, but we certainly saw about half of the local precinct coming in and out regularly. So I'd say that it certainly doesn't phase all officers. I can't speak to the officers who didn't come through though. I'd guess some just don't like to eat coffee and donuts, or they're watching weight, or whatever. And then there may be a handful who feel a stigma. 




 Jackal ears! 




 I am offering a new unregulated private hedge fund called SOUPGUNS. Our goal is long term hedging by trading options on companies producing cans of soup and guns, and use profits to build both a large soup kitchen and armory. You can make your check payable to /u/train_subject8232.

/s 




 Hey everyone. Of all things, this was kicked off by a comment I saw on youtube stating that "you don't have to respond to a police officer in any way due to the 4th and 5th amendments, and that includes providing your name."

Always, I was told that if stopped by a police officer, you are expected to provide your name, and in some states, they can compel you to provide ID.

But the comment did make me think - which is correct? If you refuse to provide your name to an officer, is it considered reasonable suspicion for a Terry stop? No matter which one is right, what is the actual case law on this? 




 Assets. 




 You may want to check out /r/askelectronics

There may be some mining folk there who can give you help too 




 3edgy5me 




 Um, you may want to make sure the kid goes to a doctor. Dead birds are bad juju and can be a sign of west nile. God forbid the kid would get sick. Just trying to look out for a fellow redditor cuz that's the shit people will sue over in a heartbeat. 

http://www.cdc.gov/westnile/faq/deadbirds.html 




 Groop power!

/r/groopmasterrace 




 It's like the Stanford prison experiment's wet dream. 




 Yeah, it doesn't feel like it does it? 




 I am not OP. However I was on a flight to Las Vegas where a guy nearly died two years ago. Apparently he was a severe hypoglycemic or diabetic (not sure which), and he kept asking the attendants if he could purchase food because he needed it, but they kept refusing because first class had to be served first.

Then he went into a coma. The person next to him started screaming for help thinking he was dead.

Cue flight attendants realizing they fucked up and turning ghost white. Cue passengers freaking out because dead guy. They announce asking if there is a doctor on board, and if there is if they would identify themselves. The guy was extremely lucky because there was apparently some kind of MD convention going on at the Four Seasons, and like 12 people stood up.

The only reason I know about the convention is I was staying at the four seasons and saw those same folks walking around in tuxes and gowns.

They put a packet of sugar under his tongue I think? They kept tapping his face to wake him up. When he came to the attendants basically gave him all the food he could want and more.

Still, it was pretty nervewracking as a passenger for about an hour. I can't imagine how the attendant felt.

This was on US Airways. Don't fly with them in coach or business if you have blood sugar issues. 




 150 years is a long time to wait for delicious soup :( 




 Nope.gif

Beautiful photo but it may take awhile to get the boys to come back out, if you know whut i mean. 




 Death is a personified character in both Marvel and DC universes. Different characters, but both are Death.

Marvel death:
http://img3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20150126144913/marveldatabase/images/b/b3/Death_(Earth-616)_from_Deadpool_Vol_2.png

DC death:
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/ec/Death_(DC_Comics).jpg
Personally I like the DC Death character more - she's a quirky Gothy woman who tends to be pretty awesome. Not badass or anything, just awesome, kind, etc. She's especially endearing since she is in cool things like a [PSA about safe sex](http://io9.com/5750398/neil-gaimans-1994-safe-sex-psa-starring-death-from-sandman-and-john-constantine/) costarring Constantine. She tends to be the voice of reason for her siblings. 




 I like my coffee like I like my women.

...ground up in the freezer.

Wait, that's not right... 




 It shouldn't carry very far at all, especially if your state allows JHP/home defense cartridges to be used. Hooray for Pennsylvania, they actually let us use [home defense JHPs](http://d.ibtimes.co.uk/en/full/1367631/oscar-pistorius-trial-dum-dum-bullets-killed-reeva-steenkamp.jpg) (essentially JHP dum dums). 




 A buddy has a five-seven USG and I LOVE shooting that thing. Sounds like a beast, but has recoil somewhere between a 22 and 9mm pistol. I'd love to play around with a five-seven mk2 but no one around here carries them. 

It's probably the only thing I would consider using to replace my Ruger SR9 because while I love it, my wife occasionally stovepipes it. For a home defense weapon, that's kind of a deal breaker for us. 




 Do you know if home-processed fruit is ok? Specifically, my wife and I have pureed/dehydrated a bunch of fruit into fruit leathers. 




 FYI, I actually just called the Canadian Border Services Agency. If you haven't called them, they are incredibly helpful. You can also talk to a person almost immediately - it takes about 5 minutes to get just about anything answered. You can call 1-204-983-3500 to reach them (you can press 0 at any time to get a human). (source: http://www.cbsa-asfc.gc.ca/contact/bis-sif-eng.html)

Sadly US Border Services hotline is an absolutely pathetic shit show and you'll probably go insane before you talk to a real human. However, the number to reach them is 18772275511 (provided to me by the Canadian border services agency).

Since you are crossing both into Canada and then into the US, you have two different sets of policies to worry about.

Also - I called them because I will be bringing a quart of kerosene and a quart of coleman fuel across into canada, and then back into the US for the second half of a camping trip. Apparently it is allowed into Canada, but I don't have any idea about the US border yet. 




 To be honest - the harry potter books, and the Witcher series (the translations). I literally read one a day, daily, over a christmas vacation when I was in college. I'd get up, start reading, finish and look up and see 3am or later. 




 We have been looking at picking up one of the coleman CPX6 tent fans:
http://www.amazon.com/Coleman-CPX%C2%AE-Lighted-Tent-Stand/dp/B008DCYDH8

However the product details seem to show it is a free-standing floor fan. I am looking for something that can be used as a floor stand, or attached to the top of my dome tent (using a Big Agnes flying diamond 6).

Any suggestions would be awesome!

This will be for use in summer months in the northeast US. Budget is about $50 for the fan and battery pack. 




 Come play with us!

http://www.sundaydumbday.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/The-Shining-Danny-Lloyd-Come-Play-With-Us-Forever.jpg 




 Can confirm. Our basement door has kid's heights marked on it. We've been here 3 years and I have no intention of removing it until we gut that section of the house which is years off. 




 I would give up eating steak if I could have fried sweetbreads and blood puddings/sausages instead.

And 100% agree - I feel like the tongue section was a lot lackluster. It takes well to any braise, not just chili sauce. Treat it low and slow like a pot roast and slice very thin after peeling. 




 How did it turn out? I've wanted to do this but most recipes seem to suggest piercing the leg in a bunch of spots and plugging in bits of pork fat to make up for the lamb's lack of fat. 




 Is that broccoli with hollandaise?  




 Food safety wise in the US, store bought ground beef should probably go that high if it is coming out of a large processor, especially if it had to travel. The chance of foodborne nasties is just too high with ground beef. You can still have a moist burger cooked to a safe temp if you use a panade which will keep it moist even when well done. Take a slice of bread with 1 tbsp of milk mashed into a paste and mixed in to the meat then cook to temp. Still not great for purists, but it will yield a moist burger.

If you want it cooked to a more reasonable temp - like the bovine deserves to be cooked - it's better to just grind it yourself from a large cut (or chop in a food processor if you don't have a grinder). The chance of problems drops to almost nothing so you have a ton of flexibility.

Then you can get it your way, with your favorite grind, cooked to the temp you like. I like mine 115-130 depending on my mood. 




 *Worse* is subjective. Other people may have different tastes.

I personally agree with you - I love grass fed with a grain finish. But not everyone has the same tastes as us. 




 If you ever have the chance, I recommend trying these 3 in a blind taste test:

* Pure grain fed

* Pure grass fed

* Grass fed finished on grain

Each one DOES have a slightly different taste. Grass fed can have a slightly gamier, stronger taste. Grain fed can be kind of sweet and tends to have more fat. Grass fed with a grain finish falls somewhere in the middle, and is my personal favorite. Not that I'd turn down any of them :) All of this is in a spectrum though, because genetics of the livestock can have a big impact too before food even becomes an issue.

If you really are hooked on grass fed beef, find your local dairy/cattle farms and see which ones are ok with you visiting. These are the guys you want to deal with - the ones who say yes are 99.9% legitimate. You should become friends with your local farmers anyways, they're good folks and buying directly often gives you a better price than market, and it puts more money in your farmer's pocket because they don't have to sell in bulk through a series of middlemen who each want a cut (and believe me, they need the cash). 




 Did you get it at an Asian market? If so, usually mock meat is made of seitan (wheat gluten). It's high protein, and has a very meat-like texture. However it isn't meat. It will also give you some horrific gas.

If it's something else, post back because I'd love to know. I'd never heard of it outside of that context. 




 Awesome, thank you! 




 Not OP, but I'm pretty sure that's lodge. They usually have the lip on either edge.  




 Telephony product development/r d engineering. 




 Yup. But he is also aware that there are about 40 people with my skillset in the US (and shrinking), and on average people who leave our team are hired by competitors within a week. There's a noncompete clause but they don't hold up in court, and the competition is companies like AT T, Verizon, etc. They can and do fight it.

Believe me, I do my best to get into the office in time, and I stay within the boundaries I am given. And none of this is meant to sound cocky. But my boss is very aware of how hard it is to find replacements for our team (we have openings for years at a time), and he knows that its a 4+ year investment to train someone who is a greenhorn. He also knows that the products we, a team of 4 people, make is the fastest growing product portfolio in our company (responsible for 4.8b revenue last year, aiming for 6b this year, and huge amounts of IP). So they give us a lot of legroom.

I suppose I should preface my original post with "your results may vary" because I have a bit more sway than the average worker. 




 I would but sadly that would cost my wife her job. She's a music specialist teacher who has tenure in an area where most schools are cutting arts programs. If she quits there is a very real chance she won't find another job. 




 Honestly? A job that pays 4x the median income for where I live. I am young and I know it won't last forever. They know it too, which is why they extended the telecommuting offer. Plus usually the max trip is about 3 hours if the trains are slow. 4 is usually a huge problem like flooding or snow.

Plus, my wife is a tenured music teacher. Were we to move, she would have to find new work, and that isn't a really easy job to find. Especially not with most schools in our area being on the verge of bankruptcy and cutting music/art programs.

This way I suck up the commute and get paid handsomely and can telecommute, my wife keeps her job, we keep our house. I honestly don't mind the drive - I worked as a professional driver for several years so lots of time behind the wheel doesn't really phase me. Plus about an hour of the commute each way is on a train so I can read, work or nap. 




 Q for you. When you make head cheese, is the brain left in?

I am in talks with a local farm to buy a hog and process as much as I can myself (I want the blood, sausage casing, the head, the trotters, etc and normally those parts aren't included).

I've never made headcheese but I usually just see the head get plunked down in some simmering water with some spices. I'd assume since brain is mostly fat it would more or less dissolve like bone marrow does?

And would it screw up the head cheese if I remove the jowls to make guanciale? 




 Well, there's more to it than that. She received half of them, filed a lawsuit because TWC wouldn't stop calling her, and sued them successfully. They STILL didn't remove her from their robo callers, for another half of that 153+.

The judgement was largely punitive because TWC claimed they didn't have a way to know she wasn't the intended party, and the judge basically said "SHE FARKING SUED YOU ALREADY NUMBNUTS". I wouldn't have wanted to be TWC's defense attorney. 




 Heh, I had a boss say that to me one time (at my current job, actually) because I showed up a half hour late. 

I reminded him that my commute can vary from 2 hours to 4 hours *one way* based on traffic, and mechanical conditions, and unless he wanted to increase my pay to justify making me get up at 2:30/3am (I already have to get up at 4:30am) I will base my departure time off the average time. I then calculated the duration of my average drive/train trip, and the number of work days in the year - because as it stood I was already spending 56 days a year just commuting back and forth to work.

Not only did it not come up again, but after a year I was given the privilege to telecommute 2-3x a week (or more if bad traffic or weather conditions caused a problem).

It helps that I not only have a good boss but also a fairly low-key office.

There's not a lot you can do when you leave early when traffic reports are clear, only to go to hell an hour later when you still have another hour of commuting left to go. I refuse to acknowledge fault because I'm not psychic. 




 Crap, I searched for it but it was showing results from 2-3 months ago. I switched to responses from the last week and a ton of stuff showed up. Thanks for the heads up, I'll delete the thread. 




 Well, on the upside shares of those emerging market funds are about to get cheaper for a little while. 




 http://pixel.nymag.com/imgs/daily/intelligencer/2015/03/16/16-baghdad-bob.w529.h352.2x.jpg 




 From my perspective (and most pleb investors) they aren't really going to ever have a lump sum - at least not at an appreciable amount that most investors would really consider a lump sum. So in that case, it makes sense to invest like you said - what you can, when you can. Just do it on a set schedule so you don't start skipping it.

By buying that way, say, once every month, even if you aren't intending to it is still functionally the same thing as DCA, isn't it? Even if you aren't saying "well, it's a little high right now, so I'll take this 10k and invest 1k a month for the next 10 months" it's still more or less what you're doing. You just don't have the long term plan. The nice part is you likely end up with a much lower cost basis over time, but you do lose out on the dividends (if applicable) because you didn't have the lump sum invested up front.

If I (or OP) had a lump sum to invest, I would really be torn honestly. I've been in funds that have lost a TON before. I've also been in stocks that have gone completely worthless. I'd probably end up doing a mix of both based on current market conditions.

You make some really good points. 




 No worries! Sadly the downvotes began yesterday before I ever mentioned it (every single post in this thread was downvoted). I've already reached out to the mods/admins because the same user seems to be downvote-stalking me for the past 48 hours. 




 Really?? I definitely need to check that out! I thought they had a flat commission per trade instead of per day. Thanks for the tip!! Anything that can shrink my expenses would be huge (everything is long game for me). 




 Can you provide citations showing DCA is less effective than lump sum buying? It's honestly the first I've ever heard that assertion.

Edit: Thanks for the posts guys! Good info to look through 




 This is with sharebuilder/capitalone. It is high, I agree! But it isn't a "normal" stock purchase. 

Basically you choose 7 funds (several you cannot get commission free from the fund creator), and then they execute the trade on all of them for the 19 dollar commission. So instead of a $7 commission for each trade, you get 7 trades for 19 dollars.

More info here:
https://www.capitaloneinvesting.com/a/main/Trade/PortfolioBuilder 




 Lots of good questions, though I fear I'll just get rated down again if I respond, but what the hell.

I track a LOT of accounts (17 currently), and maintain ledgers on all of them to the cent. However, checking accounts serve a fundamentally different purpose than the majority of those accounts. There is constantly cash going in and out, and we have multiple people using the account (myself and my wife). This leaves a lot of opportunity for errant charges to slip in.

For balancing the checking account, I do two things - first I check that every charge referenced in my checkbook has a matching line item on the statement and vice versa. If there is anything in one but not the other, I take the appropriate actions.

At the same time I check the amount of each transaction - while the amounts are rounded, they are never more than 99 cents off. While this still could potentially cause problems with transposed number errors, it still gives me enough precision to see if I am off by more than 1 dollar.

The small 99 cent amounts are never reconciled against the account. The net effect is that in your checkbook you will always show a smaller amount than what is actually in the account.

The major benefit is for people who don't have cash to set aside to put an actual buffer in their checking account, and are constantly overdrafting. It essentially lets them slowly build up a buffer over time by borrowing a few cents at a time from themselves in their checkbook, while not actually removing the money from their account. 

The problem with moving it to a savings account is many checking accounts don't offer overdraft protection, so moving it to another account gets rid of the "buffer" it provides in the checking account. Even the most diligent accounting still can miss the occasional errant transaction, charges cleared by accident, or charge placed by a spouse that they forget to tell you about when you are doing your weekly banking. This extra amount can absorb that before any overdraft protection would get kicked off, or worse, any overdraft charges get levied against you. 




 I am handling an account for 2 people, so we have about a 1-200 transactions a month. That would quickly become overwhelming. 




 Not really, and I'll tell you why.

My other account ledgers are tracked to the cent (I track about 17 different accounts). 

The only exception is the checking because it has a fundamentally different function from savings accounts (money constantly going in and out, therefore it is the most likely account to have an errant transaction, a forgotten bill, etc). Plus our checking account is the only account that several people spend from directly, so if my wife makes a large purchase without letting me know but doesn't realize we have 2-3 bills coming up, we don't end up with an overcharge.

By introducing a small buffer on each transaction, they are easy to check against the statement (if I record 10 transactions but the bank shows 11, something is awry). The amounts are never more than 99 cents away from the actual amount so it is still relatively easy to catch errors (if I record a grocery trip at 5 dollars, but it shows as 30 on the statement I know there is a problem). This would not protect you from some simple transposition errors, so that is a caveat.

While your idea of adding a buffer immediately is great and absolutely works, the problem is a lot of people on this sub don't have 2-300 dollars to put in an account at one time. This method allows the folks who never seem to have any money and are chronically broke to slowly build up that buffer over time without requiring an up front amount to use as a buffer. If you have a way that works for you, awesome! But this post wasn't really meant for you. It was meant for those folks who are constantly overdrawing their account and can't seem to get enough cash back to establish a buffer in the first place. This lets them establish the buffer slowly over time because a little less precision matters less than getting slammed with overdraft fees on a monthly (sometimes weekly or even daily basis).

I do agree, it can be a little annoying if I am trying to calculate exactly the size of the buffer because it requires not spending for a day or two so everything clears, and then checking the difference between the checkbook balance and the ledger balance.

I fully expect to get further rated down for responding to this, since everything else I posted got rated down. God forbid people present different ways of doing things that have worked extremely well for them. So please don't take it as an affont if you respond and I don't post a reply. 




 dillar dillar bill ya'll.

Seriously though, touchscreen keyboards suck BFDD. 




 It's for the portfoliobuilder service that sharebuilder offers (you pay one fee, they invest in 7 different funds). A number of the funds/ETFs offered can't be invested in directly through the firms that created them without a commission, so it usually comes out to a much cheaper price than what I can get on my own to invest in 7 funds separately. Plus it keeps things consolidated so I don't have to keep track of 5+ brokerages. So it sounds like a lot (and it is) but there are some benefits you get for the price.

Luckily for single company/CEF investing everything else I'm interested in is offered on robinhood or vanguard so I can get it commission free. The only other brokerage I work with is fidelity when there is something that isn't offered elsewhere (and their commission is 8 dollars I believe? It's been awhile  since I've traded using them). 




 Yup, dillar cost averaging is your friend. Invest early, invest often.  




 Hopefully the title is clear enough. I do dollar cost averaging on a portfolio. Every other week I set aside about 200 dollars between two brokerages. 

However the commission for a purchase ranges from 8 to 19 dollars (very high I know).

Assuming the worst case scenario of 19 dollars, in your opinion, how much should I actually have to invest before pulling the trigger?

Example: if I pull the trigger when I have $200, that means I instantly lose 10% to commission. If I wait until I have 2k, I am only losing 1%. What do you consider the appropriate commission to be? 




 Holy hell that was fast! It takes me an hour with a knife and a saw. Granted I dont have the same tools but still... respect! 




 My wife claims she has seen fruit trees for sale that have several different types of fruit trees grafted on - apples, pears, peaches, figs, etc.

Is this something you have to custom order from a nursery? is this a common thing? Where would I go to start researching where to find this in my area? 




 So jealous! I've wanted a fig tree for years! 




 If I had it...

Desalinate in water for 4 hours to get the salt and additive content down to something reasonable.

Throw it on a flat top with some onions, mushrooms, shred the meat, place on an amaroso or d'ambrosio roll with whiz or sharp provolone and a long hot.

When life hands you crap meat, make sandwiches. 




 And then there are Del tha Funky Homosapien, cunninlynguists, atmosphere, and other rappers who are all crazy talented but will never see airplay. Which sucks. 




 I'd have to throw Maynard James Keenan to this list. Roger Waters. Peter Frampton. And about a million more. 




 Yeah, also reddit was being a little shit about formatting into quatrains. Otherwise the rhyme pattern is pretty simple: ABAB CDCD EFEF GHGH

And youre correct, everything is in iambic pentameter (never really noticed, but now that you mention it every line is 10 syllables). 




 Nono thats the watch list you get on when you wear white after labor day!

This one just got you on regular watch list. 




 I would see this concert. 




 Whenever Richard Cory went down town,

We people on the pavement looked at him:

He was a gentleman from sole to crown,

Clean favored, and imperially slim.


And he was always quietly arrayed,

And he was always human when he talked;

But still he fluttered pulses when he said,

"Good-morning," and he glittered when he walked.


And he was richyes, richer than a king

And admirably schooled in every grace:

In fine, we thought that he was everything

To make us wish that we were in his place.



So on we worked, and waited for the light,

And went without the meat, and cursed the bread;

And Richard Cory, one calm summer night,

Went home and put a bullet through his head.

"Richard Cory" by Edwin Arlington Robinson 




 No worries! It's a good idea if OP can handle cold calling and the area allows it. Most PDs will have a nonemergency number you can call to do your due diligence for questions and project support.

That goes for most business activities really. It's amazing what the pd will do to help you in general so long as you talk to them early on in your planning. We once held a large concert on the steps of a building in our town for charity, and the PD was awesome helping us. They provided a presence,  helped neighbors who were concerned about noise, advised us about ordinances and quiet hours - heck they said if we gave them more notice they would have been able to close the two streets at the intersection where it was held. All kinds of good stuff.

Never underestimate the power of asking! Give people the chance to say yes! 




 Just be very careful to clear the canvassing with the police first. Some areas get very pissy about solicitors. 




 Hm, do you know if they do tourist/guest permits in TX? Sounds like a good chance for free range pork bbq with some HS buddies who live out there. 




 Probably a combination of the Handmaiden's Tale, and a history book of the dark ages. 




 Well, at least we actually were doing some reconstruction this time. Unlike Haliburton after the first gulf war. So we've got that going for us, which is nice. 




 They really, *really* want Iran to get even more involved in this fight, don't they? 




 They also defined the Random Number Generator used by the NIST, which was then used to build elliptical curve cryptography. Effectively, they built a very long tailed backdoor.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dual_EC_DRBG 




 The absolute best was Mutant League. I would LOVE for a modern mutant league game to come out.

Killing the ref in HD? Sharks swimming under the hockey arena?  Landmines on the football field? 




 Probably not. But that's not really the point. The point that it acts as a notice to you that something is weird, and then you can follow up on it. See the wrong number there? You can call your bank and the vendor to investigate. See some charge you have no record of? Call your bank and investigate. See a subscription fee that was applied to your account, even though you cancelled? Call the bank and the vendor to dispute the charge. 




 Ermehgrd Gersberms!!!! 




 You can use a checkbook or ledger to track more than just checks. Like a debit card.

And many municipalities require checks or money orders for things like sewer/garbage/taxes. I'd rather use a cheap check than pay $2 for a money order at the store, you know? 




 The problem is, mint just reports what the bank says happened. If a vendor overcharges you and the bank clears it, you have no written record showing that the amount should have been different unless you saved your receipt. Likewise, if an unexpected charge shows up, Mint doesn't really tell you. That's why I prefer the old fashioned method. I can spend 2 seconds to jot down the spend and then at the end of the month do a stare and compare between the written record and my statement (or Mint) and catch any problems.

The first time I caught a $100+ charge that was accidentally applied to my account I never looked back. 




 I'm pretty sure you can have a non-business joint account with a multiple signature requirement. I know you used to be able to at least. A long time ago my fraternity ran a memorial golf tournament, and as part of it we needed to put together an account to hold funds. We requested 2 signatures be required for any withdrawal and the bank was able to make that happen without it being a business checking account. 

This was Sovereign bank around the year 2003 so things could have changed since then. 




 I do use checks for some small things - music lessons, paying bills. But I use my debit card daily. I just log it all the same way in my checkbook (checkbook app). 




 I don't use the physical checkbook, but I do use an app checkbook where I log every buy/spend I make. It also tracks my net worth, credit card spends, etc. 




 Do you compare your spends/deposits on your bank statement to those that you have recorded in your checkbook ever? It gives you the ability to point out fraudulent charges, or even if vendors accidentally mischarged you. 




 LOL! The first app I ever download on a new phone is my favorite checkbook app ;)

I guess I'm old fashioned! HA! 




 This was something my mother taught me a long time ago, and I have always done it. Whenever you make a purchase, round up to the nearest dollar, and whenever you deposit, round down. So, if you spend $1.01, you put a $2 spend in your checkbook. If you deposit a $100.50 paycheck, you put a $100 deposit in your checkbook.

The amounts are small, but over time add up first to a buffer for unexpected charges/clerical errors. Eventually when we get to over, say, a $1000 buffer, we'll pull half out and make an extra payment on our mortgage.

Obviously this requires that you keep a checkbook, and it does make it a little more difficult to balance your checkbook, but in the long run the benefits are worth it.

Does anyone else do this? Do you know of any other similar passive tricks to slowly build up little windfalls and buffers? 




 Thank you so much! Honestly, I am asking because I was thinking about the number of railroad ties on earth, and if they all had them, that must be a pretty good investment to make. We'd be talking millions and millions of them across the world. 




 Sometimes I wonder - am I the only person on earth who actively goes to shows/concerts and am constantly worried about whether or not I am blocking the person behind me? ESPECIALLY if they're a kid?

It probably stems from my first "big" concert, seeing Dave Matthews Band with my walker-bound cancer-patient father. We managed to get 2nd row seats, and were super psyched. The show started, and instantly everyone in the FRONT FUCKING ROW stood up on their chairs. View of the stage? Blocked. View of the video displays? Blocked. We literally could see nothing. Security basically told us to leave if we didn't like it. We asked the people in front of us to sit down, they gave my handicapped father the finger. Great band, horrific fans.

Anyway, always remember there are people behind you who paid for tickets too, and they may not be able to stand up. If you don't need to stand, sit in your goddamned chair. The 1 foot of height you gain isn't going to somehow make the artist notice you, and the view isn't any different. 




 I'll have to check that out, thank you!! 




 Fair question. Well, for example I believe I MAY HAVE stumbled across a bug with an older kernel (2.6.18-404) involving the bonding kernel module, and the bnx2 module. Basically, if you use them in a certain combination, the modules simply will not load and kernel won't even see them as present (even though they are). 

As it stands, the issue has been in Red Hat's hands for several weeks now. They're doing their best to help (and this is in no way a dig against them), but without being able to actually look at and understand what is going on under the skirt, I am more or less beholden to them figuring it out. I think i know what's going on, but I can't confirm it because I don't know anything about what the kernel is trying to do when it fails, and where the failure actually occurs. I'm just kinda handing it off to the vendor and saying "Is broken, pls fix." In the meantime, I have servers in our QA lab that aren't able to function properly because they aren't running the same OS stack as our other machines, so any QA testing on them is currently invalid.

Basically, I want to be able to understand what is going on underneath so I can ask better questions, and therefore get better answers. I hope that makes sense. 




 Hey everyone. Let me start by saying that C was the first programming language I ever dabbled in decades ago.

As I get better and better using linux, I want to understand it more and more. I am a sysadmin for a fortune 500, and linux is basically my life. However, I am still constantly confronted by issues that I can't find any decent resolution for. I can ask a newsgroup, but I'd really like to help resolve them completely - not just for me - when I can.

I realize that eventually if I really want to understand it at deep level, I want to be able to look at the kernel source and understand it.

Likewise, I want to be able to drive hardware, and C is usually the best way to do that.

I know linux was written following Tenenbaum's book, but are there any really good modern, pragmatic texts for using low-level C today? 




 Hey Adam. First, let me say you're one of my heroes, and I respect you a lot. Thank you for everything you've done to help bring science to the masses, AND thank you for the entertainment.

Now for my question... my wife and I are trying to have a kid. No matter what this child ends up being interested in, it's important to both my wife and I that they're scientifically literate. We want them to be able to understand statistics so they can read news objectively. I want to make sure that they're able to be captivated, fascinated, and intrigued by the world around them. We feel that, even if they choose to go somewhere completely unrelated to STEM, that curiosity and desire for understanding makes amazing fuel for creativity.

As a geek dad yourself, I can only assume that you had similar wishes. How did you go about trying to instill that curiosity? Have you found that there are any major areas where it's no longer easy to expose kids to the sciences, and how did you overcome obstacles (for example, it's nearly impossible to get a chemistry set now)? 




 You're right.

But you also have to worry about student loans (easily as much as a small mortgage). You have to live somewhere, so rent or mortgage. You need a car if you can't live somewhere with good public transit, so gas and possibly car payments, parking costs, plus car insurance. Maybe an additional commute is required (train/bus/trolley passes). Plus the requirement to maintain medical insurance now in the US. Several folks have to deal with city taxes (Philadelphia is nearly 5% of your wages on top of state and federal taxes). If you own a house, you have to pay school, and per-capita taxes. Have a kid who needs daycare? Tack that on too.

Obviously the folks who are closer to the median income have it worse because a lot of these bills apply to them too and they're less able to afford it, but they also get some benefits that dry up when you earn above a certain point (lower overall tax bill, subsidies on insurance). I'm not trying to play a pity party sorta game because I recognize how well off I am in relation to other people, but it seriously doesn't feel like it sometimes. 

These are the things that family tends to forget about. They see you earning 100k a year, and they think "HOLY COW HE HAS AT LEAST 100k IN THE BANK!!!" and it just doesn't work like that. Even when you purposefully live below your means.

No, I'm not paying for your kids' schoolbags just because you wanted to go out and eat every day for the past 3 weeks, and then blew $100 on kickstarter stuff (true story). I'm happy to help, but I'm not happy to get taken advantage of. And I'm especially not happy to encourage continued bad habits. 




 There was a show awhile back all about the science of stuntmen and daredevils. While bikers might not, those guys absolutely do. The physics and precision involved is incredible. 




 Basically what the title says.

I would assume most people believe in the speed of light, whether or not you believe in an old Earth. As a result, you would believe in the scientific basis for the light year as a unit of measurement.

If you accept that the speed of light exists, light from a star a million light years away would take a million years to get here. If the Earth and Universe are 5000 years old, that light wouldn't have gotten here yet. We would only be able to see stars about 5000 light years away. But we can see light from stars much further than that.

What do people believe to rationalize this flaw in the young Earth theory? 




 Wow, that size is simply *astronomical!* 




 We spent 31k on our wedding. We had a total of 125 guests, and food/booze for them, plus hotel space for bridal party chewed up a massive amount of that.

DJ, photographer, makeup and hair styling, stationary, etc. All of this added up fast. Etsy was great for stationary and thank-you cards.

We were given 30k as a gift from my wife's parents with the direction that we could use it for anything marriage related, and then the leftovers were ours to keep.

I wanted to do the Elvis wedding in vegas for a couple grand and then use the rest to pay off bills. My wife wanted a fancy wedding with all of our friends. She won.

We could have made it out cheaper except her best friend had just gotten certified as a wedding planner and started listing off everything we "needed" to do, which caused my OCD wife to flip out and start tacking on all sorts of crap. At a certain point I had to remind her that all we NEEDED was a 60 dollar license, 2 witnesses and 10 minutes of a magistrate's time - everything else was wants.

Luckily we had enough after the wedding to afford our honeymoon (2 weeks across the Netherlands, Belgium and France). 




 Pretty simple q I hope. I am wondering if anyone has read it, and if you did, did it help at all? Did it have "new" insights?

I am 31, and the first person in my family with a white collar job. My wife and I are the first to bring in over 100k. I have been almost obsessive about managing our finances ever since I had my boy meets world moment when I realized how much my student loans would be and that it left me with $25 a week for food, gas, and entertainment. I read "The Simple Dollar" and have followed it religiously since.

At this point, my wife and I only have 2 real debts... my student loan and our mortgage. So I don't really need budgeting help. 

What I do need help with is handling family who see me as the richest person on earth, and how to handle the balancing act between helping out family and letting them manage on their own. 




 Every year I talk to the local turkey processor around november and put in a request for the largest possible bird they can find. This was from a Fresh 30lb [Jaindl](http://jaindl.com/) grand champion. Then break down into drumsticks, thighs (deboned), and boneless breasts. These are bagged and frozen.

The carcass and wings get sprayed with some vegetable oil and sprinkled with kosher salt and pepper, and thrown in an oven at 450 for an hour. Then simmered with junk veggies and herbs for about 6 hours (topping off as required) to replace lost liquid.

This was the last breast we had left, so I wanted to do something a little different. I love Memphis style ribs, so I figured I would use the same technique with a turkey breast. I didn't bother to wet brine because of time. I did do a 3 hour dry brine in our house rub.

I cooked on a Weber Performer Gold using the grill baskets for two-sided indirect heat. I wanted slightly higher heat to avoid drying out the breast, and I'm glad I did it. I used a mix of apple and cherry wood for smoke.

Every 20 minutes or so I mopped with our house mop (1/2 cup apple cider vinegar, 1/2 cup water, 3tbsp house bbq sauce, 3 tbsp house rub).

Smoked at around 275 for 1.75 hours. I have no specifics because we had storms rolling through the area and I didn't want my pitmasterIQ or my maverick to get soaked. I pulled at 170 because I was inside processing some jars of jelly and missed the mark by a few minutes. I had hoped to pull at 160 but it went from 130 to 170 way faster than I'd expected (40 degrees in a half hour!?). It was still crazy juicy though so no harm, no foul.

The smoke ring isn't too pronounced, but it still had a nice smoky flavor, even if it was a super quick cooking time.

Sliced into healthy slices, threw on a sandwich with some mayo and bbq sauce (not really Memphis style appropriate but hey, the sauce was in the mop and the bread needed a little extra moisture). Served with some bbq eel spring rolls for a nice fresh taste. 









 The researcher who originally discovered a link between gluten and inflammation (non-celiac gluten sensitivity), Peter Gibson of Australia, has since recanted since he has been [unable to replicate his initial results](http://www.realclearscience.com/blog/2014/05/gluten_sensitivity_may_not_exist.html). However, it DOES appear that there is inflammation caused by FODMAPs which are almost always accompanying gluten. He suggests it is likely that either FODMAPs or a "nocebo" effect confounded his original results.

Thankfully the guy who is studying it is being very meticulous about his results and verifying everything is reliable. 




 Hm, I'll try removing it then and see if it perks up a bit. Thank you for your advice!

 




 I actually haven't watered it, however we have had several substantial storms. Most of the water has drained out though the large saucer/reservoir on the bottom has had to be dumped 2-3x after some prolonged storms.

I'm wondering if I should try to move it under our carport the next time we know it's raining...

Also, happy cake day! 




 First, I am new to potted trees and in general have bad luck with potted plants, so I could really use some help to ID what I'm doing wrong. Raised beds? No problem! But put me in a pot and I have no idea how to make things work.

About 2 months ago I ordered this guy off Amazon:
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00CEVWO4I

It arrived in great condition about 12" tall. I promptly put it in a 22" pot. The pot was filled with mostly potting soil, with some plant-tone organic plant food mixed in. Drainage seems to be working ok. My intention is to move this in/out based on the season.

Almost immediately, the top leaves began turning brown. First, brown speckles everywhere. Then the leaves started turning almost completely brown. This seems to have only happened near the top of the plant. The plant has halted growth vertically. Instead, it seems to be sending off new shoots from the root crown (the bright red stems in the pictures).

There is no mulch on it yet because I wanted to be able to watch what was going on around the base. There seems to be a lot of green but I can't tell if it's coming from the roots or if it's some opportunistic little plants.

What can I do to help this plant along? Is it too far gone? I was really hoping it would get a big bigger before we had to move it inside for cold weather (which is about 3 months away at this point).

This gallery shows the plant as it looks right now:
http://imgur.com/a/j5w0y 




 If it's a prescription med, it should be indicated whether or not he can drive. Scientifically speaking, research points to cannabis increasing risk aversion in drivers, making you LESS likely to get into an accident. HOWEVER not all people react the same way to the same drug, and in his case he could have issues focusing because of it. 




 Make sure you prune the dead canes off of the plants at the end of the season. One cane is usually good for one year only, and you have to prune them back at the end of the year for best production. Also, keep an eye out, wild mint loves to grow around raspberries for some reason.

We have a raspberry/wineberry/blackberry patch behind our shed and use it religiously. We're adding in another small patch for blueberries, and huckleberries. 




 SEPA, we have wineberries all over. They tend to be found towards the roadside and along trails. True raspberries and blackberries tend to be found deeper in the woods (at least around here).

They do make killer jam, compotes and pies. 




 Yup, they're wineberries. 




 Can confirm, they grow wild in our area (along with wild raspberries, blackberries, and loganberries). They're a bit tarter. 




 There are very sadly a lot of people who "go gluten free" because they've heard from a friend it's healthier while having no idea what they're talking about. So the study does actually have a valid basis at least insofar as it shows that "gluten free is healthier" isn't really scientific fact.

There was a Jimmy Kimmel sketch where they walked around the street asking random people who self-identified as "gluten-free" what gluten was and the answers were amusing and far, far away from what gluten actually is (a combination of the proteins glutenin and gliadin). It's a food fad currently. 




 This is beautiful, and I am so happy you found someone in HK to assemble it! 

Oh and congratulations!!! 




 Draw me like one of your French Deadpools 




 That cake looks amazeballs. Is it an apricot on top?? 




