




 hotair.com is full of hot air.  Walker was born in Colorado, not Iowa.  How much other wrong information is getting circulated about this dangerous idiot?  He will NEVER get the nomination.  Even right wing Americans aren't dumb enough to fall for Walker's brand of violent, fascist politics - Right Wing Politics for Dummies. 




 Walk around Wisconsin and see what the typical Wisconsin diet does to people. 




 Trump is an evil fool, but it's hard to believe that people don't recognize that John McCain was knowingly bombing civilians when he was shot down.  Is this heroic? Yes, being a pow is a horror, but think about those civilians. 









 Maybe the right kind of spending - efficient and goal oriented - focused on education and preventive medicine. 




 The issue is the poverty that exists before the payment.  That's the problem.  Correcting with a check can't solve the fundamental problem, although it certainly helps, but not enough.  With all the focus on the middle class I'm glad he's mentioning the poor.  They are really suffering.   









 Is this why he was late? 
"Sanders insurgent campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination doesnt spring for charters like his top competitor  at least not yet. On this day he isnt even flying nonstop, as he heads from Cedar Rapids, Iowa, to Phoenix via Minneapolis. If all goes well, hell just be a few minutes late to a forum at Netroots Nation, an annual gathering of liberals." (https://www.bostonglobe.com/news/nation/2015/07/18/summer-sanders-fall-sanders/FWFu6n73iroD98e4og2baM/story.html)
He's flying as cheaply as he can. Bernie is very frugal. 









 In Wisconsin anyone can vote in a primary without registering as a member of a party.   




 Almost like ...? 




 Yes, he was a classic Russian black bass whose only musical training was in a monastery in his early years.  He became a famous star and one of Stalin's favorite singers.  He had a charming stage presence and unique voice. 




 A society can be uplifted by having an educated population.  Economic gain isn't the only reason to become an educated person.  Learning critical thinking skills, exposure to history, art, other cultures and science can enrich a person's life beyond words. 




 He's so stupid he doesn't even know how stupid he sounds. 




 No surprise at all.  She's pumped full of bank and corporate money.  She is for TPP, the pipeline, Wall Street.  She's not for the citizenry. 




 I thought her corporatist/bank loving tendencies were well known.   









 Because the anti-abortion mentality is driven by men and religion, and their voices are loud. 




 No, he's as ugly as Trump - short, cross-eyed, balding, chinless, pasty.  Could it be any worse? 




 There is nothing he can do to win.  




