 "Im positive He dead" Django Unchained 




 Vanilla Sky? 




 Smoking Aces? 




 Thats interesting. Thanks for the reply 




 So why does the 1st ed say 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10? Does it lose the 1 if its a 2nd ed to look like 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10? 




 Damn that blows. Yea im happy, i love tolkien and at the very least i got the map which is a must. Would have been cooler to have the 1st ed but i know its old and an early ed for sure 




 I was so excited for a few minutes there. But thanks for all your help im forever grateful 




 Maybe i have no idea how this works. It has so many common factors with a 1st ed too, but dont think it is 




 Damn thats a bummer. Got the map the dyed pages and the offset on 229 




 Yea 0-395-25730-I(or 1 hard to tell) 




 Actually i jumped the gun its says first american printing but no first ed above. Futhermore on this page the 1st ed has at the bottom printed in the usa 12345678910 mine says printed in the usa 11 12 13 14 15




So what do i  have? 




 Maybe not, no period missing on page 330 line 4. But does meet requirement on others guys link 




 Map still in it too no book cover though. When my ipad charges ill load a pic 




 Just cause you took time to post links, i do have one. Pretty cool for 4$ 




 Yea i will, from the last link the guy posted i do have one, its got the offset on page 229 and everything 




 Im not looking fort he silmrillion exclusive but how in general to find out. No need to be a drag, you can avoid the thread you know 




 You didnt read the edit did you? 




 Hell yea. Says First American edition dont know if that counts and actually the latest date is 1977, no book cover old but in good condition. 




 Its dated 1976 before wiki even says it was published. 




 You went bold adding Superman. I like it 




 Im pretty sure i just bought a 1st edition of The Silmarillion for 4$. But how do you tell its a 1st 2nd etc edition? 




 This had me dying, only thing be funnier if this was what you actually believed 




 Well said 




 My liver 




 There is a theory on /r/fantheories that makes a strong case that Robin is actually Jokers son. So heres what i suggest





Robin is fighting crime keeping Gotham in order. Bruce and cat woman living happy in london or where ever. Robin eventually finds out his dad is the Joker. Kills him at his trial, that way we never hear the joker so you could cast a lookalike. Robin then takes a turn for the worse, no longer being able to mask the anger hes always had inside, the anger he tells Bruce about.





He forces Batman and catwomans hand. They come back to save Gotham. After a long struggle, Robin kills Batman. Then an epic battle between robin and catwoman transpires. Catwoman wins,barely, and returns to London. Where in the final scene we see her nursing a young boy, bruce jr.




EDIT: www.reddit.com/r/fantheories/comments/3dn1dm/is_john_blake_really_the_jokers_son_nolans/ Link for jokers son theory 




 I thought it would be cool to see what the movie buffs here could come up with. Nolan left alot to be desired in his ending, which was a great way to go out. But there could be more, so if there was a 4th film how would you suggest it plays out? 




 Lol ill repost 




 I disagree there, oscar worthy, no. One of the worst ever, no 









 Agreed 




 Idk, i love the part when Bill scars Amsterdam and he goes into hiding. Only emerging to lay dead rabbits in the street till the war. I thought that was brilliant. Although i thought the fight itself was a let down. Amsterdam only killing a wounded Bill was unsatisfing. I thought this scene could have been better. Maybe cutting the dance scene, the burning building they rob scene would have been better scenes to cut out imo 




 Why?? I thought she was good in the film, not everyday you see a hot blonde go red headed 




 Well said, would have to be the joker.  




 Gangs of New York. Great epic film, could have been a bit shorter 




 Of course it does, just as much as saying a story that happens on a different planet with aliens in the future is the exact same story as one that happens on this planet between the same species from the past. Godfather is the same story with oil using your logic 




 TWBB is just The godfather with oil, with that logic. 




 If you understand and think the same why call Avatar nothing but eye candy? I understand you think those stories are better but why then rip Avatar fot not having an original powerful story  




 A shame you dont see more in the story of Avatar. An avid film fan you seem to be, there is so much more than eye candy. It highlights the flaws of the human race, it shows a world that has evolved without technology, has a wonderful love story, great characters in the brainy female scientist, hardenered war Captain, and the handicapped rebel. Makes powerful statements on war and the field of conscinoues. But if you cant see its more than eye candy i feel sorry for you as its such a joy.




How can the setting not be more original? Pandora is an orignal world. Cmon now. The theme and conflict in TWBB are very much the same as the Godfather and endless movies about rise to power. The characters and acting(didnt mention) are better but one film has DDL one doesnt so that shuts the case on those 2 aspects.




Again i love TWBB, but wish you could see more in Avatar. People tend to get lost in the CGI and not focus on the wonderful story or concepts. Sling blade doesnt even come close imo  




 No i think it was a good film but i dont see it as a movie id put in my top 5. Considering your stance on Avatar i wanted to know your take on this film. But even if i did think it was a terrible movie i wouldnt than suggest you know nothing about films cause its in your list opposed to another movie 




 I cant tell if your sarcastic here are not but i found this conversation very interesting. Although unsatisified at what actual applications you were referring to? 




But yes TWBB in my top ten, back half, but not top 5. To be fair most of my top five is not in the top 100 most successful so its clear im not worried about that.




I saw Sling blade in yours, whats the deal with that, what am i missing? 




 Argubaly Kip Thorne, who didnt write a book on Interstellar till after but wrote the script with Nolan 




 Yea i have conceded this point. It does look like the lab in the final scene but there is an earlier scence that shows its in a theater. But as the edit says im leaving it up due to the few suggestions there were 2 machines 




 Cool. Thanks for this, ill probaly spend the next 3 hours looking at scripts i had no idea this was available 




 I like Interstellar better personally. But i love Contact and can see the case clearly that its better. I like interstellar more for it ventures into, or it shows us things beyond our planet where Contact doesnt. Thats my take anyway 




 Thats not why i like Avatar more at all. You said theres actual applications why your opinion makes sense all im saying its not based on sucess




I love TWBB, i think DDL acting is the best ive seen in many years. But Avatar is more bold exciting and has a less dark feel. So you dont have to keep explaing the movie i get it, i love it, its a classic. But to say your opinion has a better case How?? 




 I think its pretty clear there is only one machine based on strong suggestions in the movie itself. But i hear what your saying. How do you get scripts? I would be very interested in looking at some 




 How do you measure that? Avatar was much more successful, and as far as orginality ive already debunked that. 




 Is your description of TWBB not a mirror image to that of Micheal in the Godfather?





I disagree with you on BBM. Avatars love story prevails over species, race, war, betrayal, and bodies. Not just gender. But you are missing personal opinion here. How can your views and opinion dictate my personal list? How can your opinion of BBM make my opinion of Avatar wrong? 




 Right i have conceded that, see edit in description. But you have cleary avoided your suggestion there is two machines or justified it??? 




 Does not Tesla express fear in the machine?




Also it cleary shows Angier setting up the machine so of course the location of it wouldnt be the same. But it does look like a theater hes in not a warehouse upon closer examination. 




 I believe its a cop out now but back then it was the only explanation 




 Ok fair point. Where do you get the idea there is a replica machine from? 




 Thats my point on a "replica" machine 




 Where do you get there is two machines from?




When did Angier get a warehouse? 




 There is no replica machine, Angier is given the Machine. Im not really following the logic here 




 Correct? Where did this replica machine come from? Angier only books a theater because of the trick which was in working order long after the 1st clone is shot. 




 Angier shootingt he clone in a lab thats been burned down already. 




 Im just pointing out the flaw in the scene and asking if 1 2 or 3 is the best explaination for it. 




 Ok, thats weird to me but i dont watch hockey often. Can you break down the points, how much the shooter gets and how much the assitor gets? 




 The end speech between Borden and Angier. Angier begins to tell Borden of shooting the first clone but there is a major inconsistency.




Angier is all alone in Teslas' lab seemingly after its been burned down. There is no Tesla or his assistant, as to imply they have already fleed Edisons men. But Edison burns the lab down that night. Only after Tesla flees does Angier have solo use of the machine.





Angier couldnt have gone to the lab alone beforehand, due to the electric fence. Nor do we ever see him there without Teslas company. So he couldnt be there alone beforehand alone and he couldnt be there after the machine was given to him, the lab has been burned down.




There are 3 possibilities. 




1)Ive missed something here and someone can make sense of this inconsistency.(possible although unlikely)





2)Nolan made a mistake.





3)Its a clue Angier is lying in this moment.





Lmk what you all think or what ive missed.




EDIT: i was wrong it does look like the scene is elsewhere than the lab. will leave the post up to rebutt the crazy suggestion there was two machines 




 He doesnt even have enough fingers for all his rings LOL. He had a commercial a few years back with him in a darkened bar that was hilarious. If you or anyone else could post a link to that id be forever grateful. 




 I agree this movie was not a slave to its twist. I will always view Goodfellas as his best with Gangs of new york and the departed being 2a 2b 




 Get a life, and i see you are determined to get the last word so have it. I will not respond anymore but just knowing i mind fucked the shit out of you is enough for me. Good day kiddo 




 You havent been making sense for awhile. You got all defensive and childish because you were wrong so.... 




 Avatar is in my top 5 and a few others here. The story of Avatar may not be totally original but neither is TWBB, which is very similar to the rise of power and unthinkable greed seen by Micheal in the Godfather. 




Avatar had a great concept, badass action, top knotch effects, and the most powerful love story of recent times. I love TWBB but Avatar is personally a better film to me 




 Well you arent but if you were a child handles adversity like that so...... 




 No doubt. 




 Well said. Although Teddy realizes he is a monster. He knew something was wrong with his wife and ignored her cries for help. Which lead to his kids death and murder of his wife. Which he only accepts at the end, which is why he chooses to die. He is also haunted by the horror of war. Your post is well stated but i dont see it that way at all.




Thats what makes a great movie, imo, as you stated 




 A childs defense system in the working, im clearly wrong but cant express it though sentence formation so ill just type meaningless words 




 Thats what happens to children, youll learn how to deal with that better as you get older kiddo LOL 




 Both the assistor and shooter? Thats wild. Why so? 




 Exactly.....although you are clearly childish i hope you take away something from this exchange 




 Yes you do. When you consider yourself right when you are clearly wrong thats a childish thing to do. Its not about your missused burning ship analogy, its about someone coming along and correcting your mistakes. When they do you accept the mistake, learn from it, and move on. You dont hold on to your mistake and now treat it as truth.





This is the way mature people deal with mistakes. But again like a child you want to hold on the notion im "righter" Lol. Unlike me i saw my mistake and said yep i stand corrected, grow up a little and accept the idea you will not always be right, you wont. Even Einstein was wrong, alot. 




 No you are wrong, but if you cant admit that good for you. An idiotic thing to consider yourself right when you are wrong, but youll learn that when you mature some 




 Yes ive already stated that but you want to hold on to the notion you are right. The premise that makes me wrong is the exact premise that mskes you wrong. At least i can admit to being wrong, you are still trying to be right though Lol 




 Ok, but neither are remakes so even your original assumption is Technically wrong. If you would have said the thing has not been remade you would be right but in every way you are technically wrong with your original assumption, Lol nice try though.  




 You get points for assist in hockey? 




 I dont like sticking my hand in the toliet, its the way ive always done it as well. Its more of a squat but im not sitting on the toliet. It gets the job done, if i had unfavorable results i wouldc hange 




 Actually you are right about the prequel, thats interesting. I might give the movie another shot on that basis, i stand corrected on that.





But to the 51, 82 versions they are not my rules. Its not considered a remake, look at the wiki page and other sites. 




 I stand 




 Bill Russel 11 rings 




 Go into Space. 




 Idk i think he has fallen insane though much of the movie. He seemed to be running from his memory. Every time he had a flashback he seemed to grow more insane. Only when he faces them at the end does he come out of it.



But ill have to watch again for your suggestion 




 The thing(JCs version) is a stand alone film. Its not considered a remake of "The thing from another world". Its based on that movie along with a book wriiten in the same era but IT is NOT considered a remake.



 

My point still stands, the older version of The thing much better than the new. 




 I thought it was great. A nice change for Scorcese as well.





I saw it as Leo was really crazy. His partner was his docter,etc, and it was an attempt to try and cure him. At the end he realizes he is potentially cured but instead of living with the pain hed rather be lobtomized. He says something like, "Live as a murderer or Die a good man." I believe his relapses dealt with him running from the pain of his murdered wife and kids. Thats how i saw it. 




 Have you not heard of the movie or you think the shitty remake is better? 




 I dont know if Interstellar is even his most ambitious. At least it deals with things that are in the realm of possibility. We dont understand everything touched on, but the major concepts are possible.




As opposed to Inception, The prestige, Batman. 




 Partly agree with what you say. I disagree with it being a cop out, people truly believe it. But i do agree with your age old conversation. Religion seems to hang on to early conversations where science is having new ones. 




 The differnce between science and religion explanations is science grows. It thrives on being wrong, thats how progress is made. Religion shuns any notion of this.  




 I dont believe Interstellar is Carl Sagan, Contact is but Interstellar is based off kip throne 




 The Thing 




 Not top 5 though 




 Exactly my point....... 




 What you mean? 




 Goodfellas is the best, great list. I think wolf of wall street might enter my top 5 soon as well. Its got the besr rewatch ability of any movie in the last 20 years imo 




 Your whole speil on work ethic job searching and names wasnt bias racist crap? 




 Explain this scene then 




 No prestige? 




 Lord of war, Hell yea 




 You have no argument. Ive offered stats that directly contradict your premise. Your only response was some bias racist crap that made no sense, and directly reflects the type of mindset whites still have in this country as proof enough AA is nessicary. Mindsets, like yours, will always lean whites like me to support AA as the majority of this country does. Then you come back with i didnt say any thing racist LOL. There is a debate to be had on this topic but you are too childish and make no logical rebuttals but see it as you want. 




 You are an idiot.  




 Now your racism is becoming clear. But if AA is stealing all these jobs from whites and hires less qualified minorities why doesnt it show in the numbers?? You see how you are contradicting yourself





Someone has to be a minority someone has to be the majority. Its a technicality you are hanging on, if blacks were the majority AA would apply to whites. Its a number of population of race thing not a color thing. 




 First off, its color blind. It helps minority period, whatever race or gender that may be. Second after slavery was over there were years of unequal rights. Mainly blacks and women.




So if AA is so unfair, why are whites still the least unemployed but most of the population? 




 No it has to do with minority, yesterday you had no idea it lent itself to women. This country is the most diverse we have to incourage equal opportunities. So 50 years is suppose to even out the 200 years minoritys didnt get to vote work, or were slaves?





If you were to employ every black person in America that would only leave 2% of whites unemployed. Yet with being a majority whites have the least unemployment, hence level the playing field. If we have 100 people 70 are white 30 are black 60 whites are employed only 10 blacks. Thats are country break down, to imply this is level is ignorant and just wrong. And this is with 50 years of AA lol 




 Its to level the playing field. Blacks are still the most unemployed, women still make less than 1$ average than males for the same job. This country has only recently given equal rights to these groups, so outside help is needed. This policy has evoked positive change in culture and mindsets. You do realize it has very little to do with race. If whites were the minority it would serve them. Furthermore we are not the only country to adapt this policy.




 




 Nice!!  im just finihing up. I heard there is another one coming out next year.  




