









 yup there's a list! http://www.nycrgb.org/html/resources/zip.html 




 Hi All, looking for some advice on the following situation:

Landlord never informed me that my building is rent stabilized. No preferential or legal rent was mentioned on the lease. No rider was attached.

I've been paying 1450 for just under the last 2 years. After a year the lease expired and went month-to-month. It was never renewed as is legally required. 

Landlord now wants to raise rent $50. If this is still preferential obviously I don't want to cause trouble. If it isn't it could be too much of an increase, but I don't know the legal rent. I told him I need a new lease, but at the moment he still doesn't know that I know that the apt is rent stabilized. 

What's the best course of action for me? Should I sign a lease for the additional $50 and then once I get the rent history from the state confront him if it is too much. Or should I wait until I get the history and then have him rewrite the lease if the increase is illegal?  




 Would you rather clean up the poop of 100 duck sized horses or one horse sized duck? 




 yo mama.  




 you should know Turkish! Seriously... Way too many expats leading isolated lives in Turkey. You can't "learn how to bargain" unless you speak Turkish. If you start in English you've lost the game already.  




 Dinosaur is nothing compared to Hometown. 




 Goto Hometown BBQ. Best in NYC as far as I'm concerned. Actually wait, don't go. More Brisket for me...

http://www.hometownbarbque.com/ 




 Up. Wind. 




 I have them and like them. Obviously the bass response isn't as rich as a larger speaker...  when I went to the showroom to listen it was between these and the Adams.  




 explain for the uninitiated... does this address venom somehow?  




 It's hard to explain... something in the middle. I was hypnotised as a teenager during a very large stage show. I didn't forget the experience. I wouldn't say I was being mind-controlled like a puppet. If I was asked to do something I was truly not ok with I don't think I would have done it. It's more that I was hyper relaxed / meditative  and there was a kind of unspoken agreement to do what the guy suggested.  














 you can also disable whatever you'd never use... for instance if you're not working in surround, or don't need 20 Mid-Side plugins etc.. 









 that's very not true seor wombat. 
With more speakers the chances of alignment issues significantly increase, causing phase cancellation and ultimately unintelligible dialog + muddy music.  




 The ONLY good software for drafting signal flows is "Omnigraffle" as far as I'm concerned. All serious theatrical sound system designers are using it these days.  














 agreed! 




 Def sounds like Spat to me! http://www.fluxhome.com/products/plug_ins/ircam_spat-v3 




 Who are the creepy figures above your left and right shoulders?  




