 Not a really long video but a good reminder to keep your training your own. 









 That's also true. But even if was found to be true I would hardly call gaining 4.4 lbs "becoming fat". 




 I'm not sure I 100% agree with the headline. Gaining 4.4 lbs doesn't necessarily make you "fat". 









 I've got a 7 yo but I've always trained at night after he's gone to bed. Luckily he goes to bed about 7:30 so I can train without it taking too much out of my sleep. 

Make sure to make time for both of them though else there will be some resentment.  




 It's a very pretty graphic. I love that it's easy to read and I can tell that you thought out how to best present the information. 

I'm questioning how useful this data is though. California has a really high housing cost so of course the mortgage debt is going to be higher. It might have been more useful to show debt as a percentage of income.  




 I'm assuming he is at Pendleton? North or south? O'side isn't terrible and is cheaper than either Encinitas or Carlsbad. I would find something temporary in O'side then take your time to look around more to figure out what you want. 









 HBR often has some really good articles related to the business world. In light of the recent changes here I thought it would be appropriate to post this. It's an opinion piece but I think it's pretty accurate and probably nothing you haven't already thought of. 









 That will be a reverse commute do it won't be bad at all. You definitely don't want to live in Santee. 




 Are you working from home or commuting? Beach towns can be tough to get in and out of simply because there's typically only one or two routes of egress.

When you say close to the beach do you mean you have to live a few blocks away or are you OK with living farther. I lived downtown for several years (East Village - by the ballpark and Little Italy) and while not at the beach it was only a 10 minute drive. But then you've got to park which makes it a bit more of a hassle.  




 If you want to be by the beach then that's Ocean Beach, Pacific Beach, or La Jolla. All three areas have a different vibe but all are nice in their own way.  




 Could be a great deal or could cost him 5 times that amount. I'm a former 748 owner (and have owned several other Ducs) so am a fan of that series. But he should know what he's getting himself into. 

I believe that's a '98 if the tank and tail are original. The side panels most definitely are not which might mean crash damage. 

Was he able to test ride it at all? Start it up? Take it to your mechanic if you don't know how to check the valves but you'll want to check the rockers (although I'm not sure if the '98s had the flaking problem).

It's a really nice bike but we don't know just from that small picture if he did really well or not.

 




 I also typically don't like HD's but that is a really nice bike. You did an excellent job! 




