




 The raptor is running in slow motion at first and it speeds up. 




 Hehe this is rad. 




 Ahahahaha this is GOLD! Using it right now. 




 appreciate it! 




 hey thanks man 




 Hey Mac,
why are you going to Tucson AZ instead of Tempe or Phoenix? We hate Tucson here. It's the asshole of Arizona. :(

also I made a shitty music video for Special K last night [:)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iu-QZmMtY74)

blessed be you 




 it's like Mountain Dew and Coffee Creamer put through some filters in Final Cut... haha I bullshitted so hard. But now that I have the idea I'm gonna try and put some more effort into it and make something cool. 









 Is it just me, or is SNL Black Skinhead on here has soooooo much more energy than the original track? 




 Are you happy with the current state of society? 




 Super dope. 




 I remember back in the day on Rotten Tomatoes, it was at an 85%, which was pretty good. Now it's at 93%. Time has definitely been very good to Jurassic Park. 




 Tyler the Creator, The Doors, Mac Demarco, David Bowie, Pink Floyd 




 I agree. What, did he manage to see his Bernie Sanders button on his tiny phone screen from 15 feet away? Yeah, bullshit. 




 Isn't techno so shitty? Even disco seems punk. The water's so filthy, it's no wonder why we're drunk.

Chinese Fountain by the Growlers 




 Honestly, this is my first time voting but I'll vote for him! I just hope it's not a lost cause. 




 I'm gonna play devil's advocate here: I was pressured into going to college and it was actually extremely beneficial for me. I learned a lot about growing up and figuring out what my place in the world is. 




 Yes, and I also think they did it to set up the joke where Lowery goes in for the kiss. I felt the cringe in the theater as he went in for the kiss like Owen did and they played it off perfectly. Biggest laugh in the film. 




 I actually have a younger cousin that behaves exactly like the youngest kid, believe it or not. I thought he was the most realistic character in the entire film. 




 What is his contract with Disney? He is the Tonight Show host on NBC, which is NBC Universal. 




 Hahaha that's awesome. Makes me really miss Richard Attenborough to imagine that he could have been in this movie. :( 




 Haha but I mean *this* exact shirt that I posted. Literally that one. Idk if it's just sold in high volume where I'm from (Tempe, Arizona) or what. I am not lying when I said I counted 17 in one night. That isn't including other varieties of the classic logo shirt. 




 is exactly like Richard Kiley's in Jurassic Park. "The voice you are now hearing is Richard Kiley! We Spared No Expense." 




 I think they were totally aware of that and the movie was being very self aware. That guy, Lowery, is basically the audience. 




 I LOOOVED the new score, and I'm happy the Composer tried to do his own thing without relying *too* much on the original themes. Even though there was a ton of the original in this. 




 Nooo no no, that isn't a hybrid. That's a dimorphodon, a real thing. 









 It's actually funny, I actually like the fact that it's reverse because it makes it unique. I always thought it was weird that they did that. 









