









 Middle school is crappy almost everywhere you go, outside the city or in. Thank goodness we can homeschool those three years, because that's exactly what we're doing. 




 Reddit is actually the center of a good portion of the white supremacist traffic on the internet.

https://www.google.com/search?q=reddit+white+supremacist ie=utf-8 oe=utf-8 














 Yes, but my guess is the court is going to agree with what I just said, should it ever be challenged. 


























































































































































 Garlic powder is better if you plan to roast or bake something, because it doesn't burn. For that reason, it can also be better for the inexperienced cook. 




 So maybe you picked it up from your dad, then. I live in NYC, but *my* father was from Texas, and I picked up the pin-pen merger from him. My mother and older sister don't have it.

(The pen-pin merger just means that when I say a word that has a "short e" before a nasal - that is, n or m - I turn it into a "short i", so that the word pen and the word pin sound exactly alike to me. This isn't universal in American English, and is more common Down South and among African-Americans, iirc.) 




 Yes, I know what you are saying, and I've seen that happen in kittens myself. However, two kittens that are outwardly identical may not be genetically identical, and two kittens that are genetically identical frequently don't look the same at all. 




 Rising, but they're still a minority. 




 To whatever country? Like... Afghanistan? Or Korea? 




 Fascinating. I was commenting on the speech pattern, which is actually centered around Pittsburgh and doesn't seem to have a large presence in Texas. But then, that survey wasn't all that scientific :)

http://www.quickanddirtytips.com/education/grammar/needs-washed 

Edit: For the record, I generally take a descriptivist approach to language, and would not call any widespread usage "wrong" just because it may be nonstandard, though I reserve the right to say that some language choices are better avoided in certain situations. 




 Rarely are they not sterile. 




 Ethnic food stores also tend to have a good bulk spice section. 




 I suppose it depends on what sort of food you like to cook. 

If you mostly like Italian style cooking, I'd go with fennel, oregano, "italian seasoning", garlic powder (if for some reason you don't want to do fresh garlic) or rosemary, paprika.

If you mostly like "American, non-regional" style cooking, I'd go with nutmeg, cinnamon, paprika, cumin (or thyme, I forgot thyme is a thing), and bay leaves (or oregano).

If you mostly like Indian style cooking, then I'd go with coriander, cardamon, cinnamon, nutmeg, and cumin.

If you mostly like Tex-mex, then I'd go with cumin, paprika, smoked paprika (because smoked paprika is delicious), oregano, and something else.

You see the problem here? My top five varies depending on what sort of foods I plan to cook. 




 True. Often, different populations will define the same word differently. However, that doesn't mean that either population is *wrong*. It just means that they are different, and perhaps that there will be some confusion between those two populations.

When you know what another person means, and they are using a widely accepted definition of a word, it is thus incorrect to tell them they are wrong.

Merriam-Webster, for the record, lists both definitions:

http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/factoid

The "untrue fact" definition comes first, however, that doesn't mean that it is used by more people. Merriam-Webster traditionally puts the older definitions first, whether or not they are the most common. I believe they are in the process of changing this, but they haven't gotten to every entry yet. 




 Given that very few elective abortions are performed after 20 weeks, and this bill already allows for abortions due to medical needs, my guess is it's not an undue burden. 




 How are you wrong? Let me count the ways.

1. Christians didn't "adapt" anything... and there are a heck of a lot of Christians who *do* take the Bible very literally. (Except when they don't. I know people who believe that the miracle at Cana was turning water into grape juice.)

2. Muslim society in the 11th century was far in advance of Christian society.

3. Muslims today are not generally "stuck in the 11th century".

4. Like Christians, Muslims hold a wide range of opinions and views. Just like we don't assume all Christians are like Fred Phelps, we shouldn't assume all Muslims are like bin Ladin.

5. Syrians do not universally hate the West, and it is doubtful they hate Uruguay specifically.

6. It is worth mentioning, again, that a good number of Syrian refugees *are not Muslim*.

7. It is not impossible to learn a new language.

8. You know darn well that if YOU were in THEIR shoes, you'd run to any country willing to take you and be grateful. Well, maybe you wouldn't be grateful, but I'm pretty sure they will be. Helping the poor is what we're supposed to do as a civilized society.

This list is incomplete. I ran out of energy, but you didn't run out of errors. Your comment is, indeed, fractally wrong. 




 Putting aside the fact that a good number of Syrian refugees *aren't Muslim* (seriously, how you've missed hearing about the Yazidis and the Druze, I don't know), not all Muslims take the Quran equally literally. You might as well say that Uruguay should expel its Christians because "Wine is a mocker, strong drink is raging: and whosoever is deceived thereby is not wise" is in the Bible. 




 Anti-abortion groups have been targeting Roe v Wade protections ever since, trying to find the argument that can bring it down.

Nothing is ever "settled". Look at Plessy v Ferguson. That was "settled" law for decades, but dedicated work brought it down smashingly in the middle of the last century.

(Now, I'm against Plessy but for Roe. I don't want you to think, by my citing both, that I look favorably on the work of those who campaign against abortion, nor that I think the civil rights movement was bad. I simply couldn't think of another example.) 




 Amoral usually means "without any sense of morals" while immoral is the usual term for "against morals, bad, evil". Did you mean the latter? 




 Ye knowe eek, that in forme of speche is chaunge

Withinne a thousand yeer, and wordes tho

That hadden prys, now wonder nyce and straunge

Us thinketh hem; and yet they spake hem so,

And spedde as wel in love as men now do;

Eek for to winne love in sondry ages,

In sondry londes, sondry ben usages.

Or, as Chaucer would've put it if he'd been speaking off the cuff - language *does* change, so you'd better get used to it. 




 That is an incomplete definition. Nowadays, most people use "factoid" to mean "a small, isolated bit of true information".

Since language is based upon consensus, that means that the definition has changed. 




 Sure, it happens all the time. It's less common than triplets where all three are fraternal (different eggs), but more common than triplets where all three are identical. 




 That doesn't make them genetically identical. Cat coloration is not entirely determined by genetics, and genetically identical cats can look very different from each other. 




  Does it need policed and audited? yes

You from PA originally, or thereabouts?  




 So they should burden Yonkers instead? Whom does this benefit? 





























 Anti-abortion activists have been steadily whittling down abortion protections for decades. 















































































 Well, Salt Lake City spends about half the cost (IIRC. It's a heck of a lot less, anyway) on housing them than they were doing on ER visits and whatnot beforehand. Do you need me to cite that?

New edit: Of course I'll cite it.

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/01/08/daily-show-homelessness_n_6437644.html

Now, Salt Lake City has a population just under 200,000. And they have just about 2,000 homeless people (which counts those who are now housed by this initiative, as near as I can tell). Which means that about 1% of the population is homeless. Somebody ran the numbers upthread, and in NYC we have slightly less homelessness per capita, at .7% of the population. 




 Do youths who run away really stay that close to home? I'm thinking that if *I* were kicked out (or otherwise decided to leave) because I was LGBT, the *last* thing I'd do is stay where I was unwelcome. I'd head towards a bright future someplace gay-friendly. 









 Sure, some are terrorists... but in the US, most terrorists are white Christian (or nominally Christian) men. 




 Pew exclusively posts YouTube videos nowadays?

Look, I don't do videos. And judging from the downvotes, neither does anybody else. I'm sure you can find the original study if you try. 




 That wasn't the Muslims, that was Obama :P 




















































































 Have you considered crossposting to /r/infographics? 



















 Oh, you should, you should. There's six of them now.

But really, her Dalemark Quartet was better. 




 Yay! An imaginary internet point for me! I win! 




 Wow. Six. Tell me, is Dylan Roof a Muslim? James Holmes? Adam Lanza? Jared Loughner? Aaron Alexis? 




 Can we PLEASE all go after the white supremacists? 




 Islam originated in a warm climate. You don't really want dead bodies stinking up the joint for a week while you prepare for a burial. The faster you can get them dealt with, the better.

As far as facing Mecca goes, the body has to face in some direction. It's not that tricky to turn it this way instead of that way. 




 I know I get *all* my information from YouTube. Doesn't everybody? 




 Damn straight. 




 In America? June, 2012.

http://msa.maryland.gov/msa/homepage/html/warrant100.html 






























































































 That's what gives it the je ne sais quoi. 




 I'm glad you understand. 












































 When you leave it on the counter, they just throw it away, so you haven't saved anything. 




 But then he wouldn't have a chance to be a self-righteous jerk.  




 "Oh, no thanks, I don't need a bag!"

Learn it, live it, love it, and stop whining if you forget to say it and they go ahead and give you a bag. 




 You're assuming a few things here.

First, that they only have the one vault. It's not impossible for Molly to have another one.

Second, that they keep all their savings in the bank.

Third (and this is most likely), that they are saving a reasonable portion of their income, rather than simply spending it. 




   The people working at these factories choose to work there.

With little alternative, of course they do. You might as well say that the victims of the Triangle Shirtwaist Fire *chose* to work under *those* conditions, for *that* pay.

Forcing our views upon the people of Myanmar risks the livelihood of all of the lower paid workers there.

Not if we require all business that operate in our countries to pay a universal minimum wage wherever they set up shop. 





























 This is going to sound stupid, but when he realized it was a tight fit under the cloak with all three of them in there. I know it's a more physical sign than everybody else is giving, but I think subconsciously he was realizing he wasn't a little kid anymore and it wasn't *just* because he had gotten taller. 




 You can't make your sister understand. Better to just drop the issue around her. If she brings it up, just say "I don't feel like discussing this with you anymore" and change the subject. 




 First, up until CoS, they always had at least one child home. And as she was homeschooled, they were doing it on one income - I don't think Molly would accept it if Bill and Charlie sent money home, do you?

Second, Arthur isn't paid very well.

Third, my guess is they're simply *bad with money*. Arthur spends it on old Muggle junk. Molly buys Lockhart books like they're going out of style.

(And fourth, I personally think Molly is a big ol' narcissist. I am NOT a fan of the Weasley parents. Some people thrive on playing "oh, poor me", and enforced poverty seems right up Molly's alley. So they could actually be doing quite well, and she could be exaggerating their poverty because that makes her feel better. It's sick, but some people do stuff like that.) 





























 Starbright and the Dream Eater?

http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/StarbrightAndTheDreamEater 




 The Chrestomanci books don't involve weaving, but they do mention him once silencing an area to have a private conversation with his mother, the spell was so strong that everybody within went temporarily deaf. And he does travel to different worlds by going into a cavernous "place between", each world is visualized as a canyon within. 



























































 Are we really so surprised? 











































































































































