 Perhaps you should read about Howard Gardner's work. 




 So you're more constructive than me because you read books whereas I play video games? 




 Perhaps, however I remember back when I worked at a grocery store some of my worst customers were old people who didn't give a shit and would snap at me and my coworkers over the smallest things. 




 He asked for my achievements/credentials and getting my degree is something I personally consider my achievement. 




 I have a bachelor in mechanical engineering and currently I'm doing my masters. I have read books for my education, just dislike reading them in my sparetime. 




 Yeah, I don't like reading books. So what? I don't have the attention span to sit there for hours and constantly read words. It just becomes tedious to me. It doesn't mean I'm not smart, it doesn't mean that I'm any less intelligent than people who read books. Just means that I find it boring to read and prefer to stimulate myself other ways like watching movies or playing video games. I'm sosick and tired of people looking down on those who don't like reading. 









 Guess so. 




 Yes, stop playing FIFA games and stop posting FIFA crap, unless you don't care about the slave workers. 




 Because I'm seeing you morons posting FIFA games and all other FIFA crap like nothing has happened. Good job keeping the momentum going, reddit. You guys are pathetic. 




 Which you failed to do. 




 I'm not wasting your time, I'm helping other guys not waste their time. 




 Whatever, mind your own business. 




 Unfortunately my fedora powers are unmatched to your original post. 




 Then go and talk to your bf instead of wasting other guy's time. 




 Jeg har intet imod at I svarer tilbage, jeg har bare ikke andet at sige end min mening. 




 Jeg ytrede min mening? Har jeg ikke lov til det? 




 Ja der findes sprgsml derinde, det er lidt ligesom det som er pointen? Prv at kigge p svarene istedet. 




 Ja, fordi vi har utroligt meget brug for uddannede mennesker indenfor zombie-studier: http://ekstrabladet.dk/vrangen/article4746284.ece

Tror du selv p at en studerende ville betale flere tusind kroner p et latterligt kursus hvis det var for deres egne penge? Men nr nu det er skatteyderne som skal betale, jamen hvorfor s ikke?

Og jeg hvis man brnder for at blive lge eller ingenir, s har man mulighed for at f det financieret selv. Der findes legater, community colleges, osv. I USA til at opfylde denne drm. Der er ikke mere mangel p hjtuddannede i USA i forhold til i Danmark, hilket viser at uddannelsessystemet fungerer liges godt som herhjemme, hvis ikke bedre efter min mening. Jeg behver ikke at f skatteyderne til at trre mig i rven, den kan jeg godt klare selv. 




 Ja det havde jeg. S ville jeg nemlig have arbejdet i nogle r og tjent mine egne penge og bagefter taget en uddannelse, eller jeg ville have taget et ln og derefter betalt den af efter jeg fik et ordentligt job. Og nej, den gld delgger ikke dit liv, mange studerende i USA kan betale deres gld af i lbet af f r efter deres uddannelse er endt, kig blot i /r/personalfinance

Lad vr med at bilde mig ind at det kun er et socialistisk samfund som kan give dig en uddannelse. 




 og hvorfor skal jeg tvinges til at gre det? Hvis jeg ikke gider hjlpe andre, s er det min ret til ikke at blive tvunget til at hjlpe andre. Jeg gider sgu da ikke at begynde at hjlpe hele verden bare fordi at dit hjerte blder for dem. jeg forventer ingen hjlp fra andre.

Hvis du er s ivrig efter at hjlpe flygtninge, s giv dit hus/lejlighed til flygtninge og donr 90% af fin indtgt til velgrenhed. S kan du bo p en bnk og leve for hvad der svarer til en SU. Det er der tusinder af hjemlse som gr og det kan du ogs samtidigt med at du hjlper en masse flygtninge. Kom s igang, men lad vr med at tvinge mig ind i dit flelsesporno pis. 




 Ville nok vre ligeglad. 




 Er ligeglad. 




 Europa har ingen gavn af flygtninge. 









 Jesus, relax. Nobody except for the very die hard fans are going to care if he insults the game. First of all, it's his opinion and he's entitled to it. Second of all, it's a comedy show so chances are, he will exaggerate his statements to make them funnier which is working as I and many others found the episode hilarious.

I would love to watch Arin play Ocarina of Time as it's my favorite game of all time. I know he's going to insult it a lot but I'm completely fine with that, and so will 99% of the other people who love the game. Because it's a comedy channel and because we don't take insults to our favorite games personal.

If you want to stop watching Game Grumps, then go ahead. but while you're at it you might want to also invest in a rock that you can live under since if this is all that it takes for you to get offended, you might as well spare yourself and your feelings from the outside world.

Also, tableflip will be released for all in a month or two. Get over it already and let them earn extra money to run the show. 









 Dunno how to blur photos or names on my phone but the message I received this morning:

Kindly fuck off.. Only interested in women

Her orientation was listed as bisexual and queer, left her profile when I noticed it said "Looking for women". Never sent her any messages or interacted with her in any way.

Another message i received from a different girl several months ago told me I was a creep and a pervert, etc. again, only visited her profile, nothing more 




 Here's an idea how to avoid this: Stop using bisexual as your sexual orientation!

Maybe you are in fact bisexual but only want to date women which is fine. But here's the thing. When us men browse profiles and a woman is listed as bisexual, we assume that it means they're attracted to men too.

Now if said woman writes that she only wants to to date women, most of us will leave your profile again.

But DON'T start sending us messages insulting us, calling us creeps and pigs because god forbid we clicked on your profile thinking you were attracted to both genders! it's not cool receiving a notification on your phone thinking a girl finally messaged you (happens rarely) only to be greeted by a sexist insulting message because last night you happened to click on a profile once! Thank you!

And yes, this does not happen often and most lesbians/bisexuals are sweet and understanding but good lord some of these few extremists really know how to grind your balls. I wish I could say incidents like that have only happened to me once! 




