




 Oh. Ignore me. Nothing to see here. 




 This has been called LONG before /u/Sneffy. Pretty sure people were thinking Waltz was Blofeld as soon as he was announced.

~~Think it's more likely he has the scar already, seeing as the right side of his face was hidden in the shadows in the trailer.~~ 




 cancelled my fight pass already. piratebay here I come 




 dunno. seems spurious. Chekhov's Gun would suggest she has an important role to play.  




 I'm pretty tech illiterate. Is there anything with the same ease of use as Hola? 




 Try refreshing a lot. 




 doing god's work. cheers old horse

edit: tried it again and it worked first time. the fuck? 




 Can't find anything in the news about it either. Will keep trolling sources in the meantime, but I'm guessing this is what they were talking about earlier in the year 




 Seems this has just happened in the last hour or so. Users from across the world reporting the same thing.

[Thread in /r/netflix](https://www.reddit.com/r/netflix/comments/3e54i4/all_has_netflix_begun_blocking_hola_users/)

Guess it's time to go outside...

EDIT: now it's working again... kinda. Hola users can keep refreshing and it will work. Not sure about others. But clearly Netflix have stepped up their security. If you have a working VPN service that can access the US library, please share. I don't want to go outside. Tis a silly place. 




 Hm. Same here. UK version still works for me. 




 I was fired from my reporting job for reporting disparaging stories about the company's health insurer. it's a two way street. fuck the UFC for pandering to corporate interests, and fuck Reebok for complaining. UFC wouldn't have done this without Reebok making a fuss. Not a hope in hell. 




 Just happened to me and a friend down here in Bermuda. Wondering if it's country-specific or across the board

EDIT: seems like it was only temporary? It's working again for me using Hola. Did an adorable puppy break into the server room or something? 




 suprised it hasnt been done already. Stich is a fucking staple for me. This pisses me off more than anything that's happened in sports during my lifetime. He's a goddamn legend. 




 butter for scale needs to be the new banana for scale 




 to know better than what? 









 That's what I said. Black people aren't bad swimmers because they're black. Rather, black people are usually bad swimmers. Probably for a number of reasons. 




 No, that's stereotyping. And many stereotypes are there for a reason. The one about black people not being good swimmers is more true than it is false. 




 Bermuda 




 Just edited my comment because that's how it came off. 




 Racism is the one thing in the world that makes me actually rage. This is not racism. I live on an island with a majority black population. While black people love the water just as much as us whiteys do, if not more, they really are terrible swimmers. I've seen black kids jump 40 feet off cliffs, do a perfect backflip jackknife, then pop up and doggy paddle their ass back to the dock asap. That said, it's not a rule, rather a trend. The armchair Freakonomics writer in me wants to say it might just come down to whose parents pay for swim classes, or where you grow up. I'm a super strong swimmer because I grew up on a beach with a vicious rip-tide and a father who'd chuck me into it then tell me to swim back to him, not because I'm white. 




 well if we're going with the neck injury, surely there's more of a chance of that pushing someone and whipping their neck back, rather than just smacking them on the head 




 Thanks mom 




 ... hwat? 




 Touch. 




 *wry 




 https://media1.giphy.com/media/iUXJeVZyKneO4/200_s.gif 




 You know those charts at the doctor's office showing faces correlated to pain? I feel like that's the total range of her acting ability. The pain chart. 




 you shut your whore mouth 




 wait really? I thought it was just the shortened version of babe, a grammatical corruption.  




 I know this opinion is super unpopular on reddit, but I just don't see it. He's a perfectly adequate actor to me, but really nothing special. And in A Young Doctor's Notebook I think he's trash, helped  by very good writing and Jon Hamm. So many actors that could do so, so much more with that role than Radcliff ever could. 




 Pretty sure there are enough people doing that already. You can't just enslave an entire people then give them their freedom and expect the entire population to swing into step with the rest of society. White people have had an entire system of support that's been improved for thousands of generations.

Imagine sending two kids out into the wild to fend for themselves. Which one is going to do better: the kid that's been raised by a family of avid campers, or the kid that's never ventured beyond the city limits? 




 Yeah, I've TRIED to explain this in one of my articles, but really, I have no idea. Short story is that it's a combination of factors. The wing-sail exploits the Bernoulli principle, the same thing that makes planes fly. The foils then practically eliminate drag by pushing the boats out of the water. These two combinations mean the boats can get going way faster than anyone, even the designers of the boats themselves, predicted. 




 For safety reasons, no. Luckily the course they'll be racing in Bermuda has a pretty steady breeze, rarely getting above 20-25 knots. 




 The AC World Series comes down here in October, when flights and hotels rooms will be cheaper. Come check it out! 




 The point is that they can sail much faster in wind speeds that would have been too low to race in with a J-Class. I get to see the AC45's from my porch. The water is flat calm but they're fucking flying, crew boats behind them going full pelt just to keep up. 




 3x the wind speed fast. Boggles the mind  




 Not only that, they are capable of reaching three times the wind speed in much shallower waters, allowing stadium seating for spectators. Historically only those with access to private boats were able to watch the races. The wing sail the boats are using is also a huge improvement as it allows them to not be at the mercy of the wind as much as they were in the past. This meant there were huge delays in the action, which is terrible for TV.

For the next finals though they've shrunk the size down to 48 feet. The AC48 while smaller is a lot more affordable to build (SF only had three boats competing because of the price). 

I'm actually the America's Cup correspondent for my paper when it comes to my home of Bermuda in 2017. Can't. Fucking. Wait. 




 I feel safe here 




 It's ok. Can't miss what you never had, right? ^^^^except ^^^^you ^^^^can ^^^^and ^^^^I ^^^^just ^^^^really ^^^^want ^^^^a ^^^^dad 




 did you just mix up Princess Bride and Star Wars? I'm not even mad. I'm impressed. 




 Ok but you have to call me Dragon 




 DID WE JUST BECOME BEST FRIENDS!? 




 This all should be a thing. I've never wanted something that never existed this bad

Besides my own father of course. 




 Opinions are fun!

e: comment above me originally said "I won't".

e2: commenter above me has now referred to his original comment, making edit #1 superfluous. This edit may also be superfluous. But if I could just bring everyone's attention back to me for a second, that'd be great. Not for any particular reason. I'm just a slut like that.   




 Not quite. Just live in a country where conserving water is drilled into you from birth.  




 do you want a drought? because that's how you get droughts  




 HEAD NIGGA IN CHARGE, for anyone who doesn't know

source: had a Trini boss who called himself that 




 username checks out 




 Me and my FWB were fucking around with each other on the couch roughhousing, and I pinned her down and started sucking on her boob (not the nipple) really hard to give her a huge hickey, and when I pulled away I tasted iron in my mouth. Turns out it was blood. Not a lot, but when I wiped the spot where I was sucking you could clearly see it. And it was on my tongue.

How the fuck did I just suck blood out of her titty!? Can someone please explain this? 




 Well, that's why I've stuck with journalism.  




 Lucid or vivid? Because if I can take something for lucid dreams I doubt I'll ever bother leaving my bed. 




 Shine on each other? 




 Strange memories on this nervous night in Las Vegas. Five years later? Six? It seems like a lifetime, or at least a Main Erathe kind of peak that never comes again. San Francisco in the middle sixties was a very special time and place to be a part of. Maybe it meant something. Maybe not, in the long run . . . but no explanation, no mix of words or music or memories can touch that sense of knowing that you were there and alive in that corner of time and the world. Whatever it meant. . . .

History is hard to know, because of all the hired bullshit, but even without being sure of history it seems entirely reasonable to think that every now and then the energy of a whole generation comes to a head in a long fine flash, for reasons that nobody really understands at the timeand which never explain, in retrospect, what actually happened.

My central memory of that time seems to hang on one or five or maybe forty nightsor very early morningswhen I left the Fillmore half-crazy and, instead of going home, aimed the big 650 Lightning across the Bay Bridge at a hundred miles an hour wearing L. L. Bean shorts and a Butte sheepherder's jacket . . . booming through the Treasure Island tunnel at the lights of Oakland and Berkeley and Richmond, not quite sure which turn-off to take when I got to the other end (always stalling at the toll-gate, too twisted to find neutral while I fumbled for change) . . . but being absolutely certain that no matter which way I went I would come to a place where people were just as high and wild as I was: No doubt at all about that. . . .

There was madness in any direction, at any hour. If not across the Bay, then up the Golden Gate or down 101 to Los Altos or La Honda. . . . You could strike sparks anywhere. There was a fantastic universal sense that whatever we were doing was right, that we were winning. . . .

And that, I think, was the handlethat sense of inevitable victory over the forces of Old and Evil. Not in any mean or military sense; we didnt need that. Our energy would simply prevail. There was no point in fightingon our side or theirs. We had all the momentum; we were riding the crest of a high and beautiful wave. . . .

So now, less than five years later, you can go up on a steep hill in Las Vegas and look West, and with the right kind of eyes you can almost see the high-water markthat place where the wave finally broke and rolled back.

EDIT: I went through an HST phase like everyone else, but I went a bit further. I devoured everything he wrote. Even copied his short stories out by hand. Without a doubt Fear and Loathing is his best work, but I'd really recommend people pick up The Great Shark Hunt, which is a collection of his short stories. That said, out of his entire bibliography, this quote still sticks with me the most. 




 apparently people don't like South Park references  




 Not my neighbor. My best friend's neighbor. And I guess they are. The two families are very close. 




 Lucy is her name. She's also called Lulu. Or just Lu. Or Lucifer.

e: Lu. Cy. She was Lulu, plain Lulu, in the morning, standing two foot one in one sock. She was Lu in slacks. She was Lucifer at school. She was Lucindra on the dotted line. But in my arms she was always Lucy. 




 My best friend's dog does this every morning to his neighbors. She's the sweetest chocolate lab you've ever met, Lucy. She pops over to the neighbors house at the exact time the mom goes for a run. Trots along with her for a little while, turns back, hits the pool, then goes home to be fed and have a nap.

The whole being a human thing is way overrated. I'd trade places with dear old Lulu any day.  




 Step ~~3~~ 4: bro down.

e: [seriously thought Reddit would get this reference.](http://media.bizj.us/view/img/3873531/cartman-south-park-twitter-ubjjpg-large*1200xx946-532-0-16.png)  




 Your posts recently have been not bad for someone who can't spell their name ^^^^I'm ^^^^sorry ^^^^I ^^^^can't ^^^^resist ^^^^it's ^^^^a ^^^^problem. ^^^^I ^^^^know 




 Well there goes my Friday night plans ^^^I ^^^need ^^^to ^^^get ^^^a ^^^life 




 That;s exactly the type of solution I was thinking of. Use your head.  




 It is ALWAYS ok to laugh and upload to reddit. SCHAAAAAADENFRUEDE is like when a college kid find out what he put his dick in. 




 In my 27 years I've learned dealing with assholes is a part of life. There's a family that's moved onto a sailboat just off my dock (I live on an island) and I initially said they could use it to move their shit back and forth as they made it into a place they were able to live in.

They've since torn the ass out of my favour, use it all the time, and disrupt the guests I have living in the vacation cottage I rent out when they're down on my dock relaxing/kayaking/gawking at the turtles. I posted private property signs, put a chain across the path leading to my dock, but they kept using it. Instead of going out to their boat and smashing it, I called the respective authorities, reported them for illegal mooring and trespassing without filing charges. The police spoke to them and they haven't used it since. 




 Then you get the list of registered license plates from the property manager, call the authorities, show them the unregistered license plate parked illegally, and have it towed. Not sure if property managers do that everywhere, but they do where I'm from.

Or you come up with a creative, infruriatingly annoying (but legal) solution yourself. Box them in. Cover the car in bird food. Have a stakeout and wait for the repeat offender to show up and don't let him park there. Cover their car in sticky notes. The reason they are parking there in the first place is because it's clearly more convenient. Make it inconvenient. 

My problem is that the punishment doesn't match the crime. This is an inconvenience. Smashing someone's window as a response is outright destructive, not to mention foolish because in the end it will most likely cause you way more grief than it's worth. I'd rather not risk the ball-ache that would come with being charged with destruction of property. I was a court reporter for three years and I can assure you that risking a legal battle over something like this is just not. worth. your. time.  




 Not what I said at all. Just think you should deal with assholes reasonably and within the bounds of the law. Glad you fuck law for a living. So euphoric.  




 Think I'll just have to use last year's stats and find a total average. I'm not even good at math, just really want to know the answer. 




 I dunno, because that's what grown ups do? 




 Cheers. I'm bored and curious, so trying to figure out how much energy the racers in the Tour produce over the course of the event and how that compares to the energy consumption of a town or city. Ie: riders produce an average combined total of X watts over the course of the TdF, enough to power x for x amount of time. 









 Yeah we don't have that where I'm from. Mostly just clamping, which is retarded since the whole idea is to move a car from where it's not supposed to be, not keep it there.

E: the fuck are people downvoting me for? 




 Depends on where you live. Could call and have it clamped, but that won't solve the issue. Could file a report with the police and have the towed.... 




 Exactly what I thought of. My country is mostly black. I got serious dirty looks during American History class in middle school. 




 Yeah I'm not getting how this is funny. There's perfectly legal recourse for getting people to stop parking where they shouldn't be. Seems to me the residents are the bigger cunts in this scenario, unless it's just some random window smashing bandit. 




 I have two dents in one shin, another dent in the other. First two came from running full sprint in the dark into a shin-height wall. 

The other one I got while sailing. I was in a two man boat with a weighted keel and we hit a rock, sending my crew overboard. As I tried to wheel the boat around to get him, I hit another rock and my leg slipped out from under me and wailed the traveller bar.

Excruciating. 




 Funny that this is a popular idea with a website like Reddit but not with online news. Sorry /r/KotakuInAction, while it would be nice to have ethics, the advertisers funding the content you enjoy have far more of a say than you. 




 huh... had no idea Pesci was gay. TIL 




 /r/CasualJiggles  




 Don't jump to conclusions just yet. 




 -- Abraham Lincoln  




 thank you for my new background 
 




 I didn't say "not to be pedantic." I apologised in advance for being pedantic.  




 This guy's a way better actor. Let's be real. 




 different events. 




 Sorry to be pedantic, but you can't read the IPCC. He'd need to read the IPCC's AR5 (Fifth Annual Report). 




 Exactly what I was thinking. You can bet your ass if I had an island like that I'd be chucking spears at anyone that came near. 




 Thanks! Have to admit, I really thought this was a clever question. The rule that no thought is original holds true once again. 




 Fucking hell. Ever since Inception every fucking trailer has that WHOMMMMMMP noise. I can't stand it. 




 Reminds me of when everyone thought Serena Williams could beat a male tennis player ranked 110th. She was demolished.  




 Ah. Thanks. 




 I dunno, I think people underestimate the power difference. I'd be willing to bet she'd have a tough time taking him down alone. 




 I drive a motorcycle and I get caught in the rain from time to time, so I've always wondered this.

Driving fast means I arrive at my destination faster, reducing my overall exposure, but surely the faster I move forward the more rain I come in contact with. But driving slowly has the exact same problem. I reduce my overall contact with the raindrops, but increase my exposure time.

For the purpose of the question, I've made things simpler, and perhaps more applicable to the everyday person. 




 Not seen What If, but Horns and Notebook were exactly what I was thinking. There are a lot of actors that would've killed those roles. Radcliffe merely fills them. He's a well trained actor, don't get me wrong, but he's only where he is today because he looked the part for Harry Potter when he was a boy. A Young Doctor's Notebook is extremely well written, and I think deserved more than Radcliffe alongside Hamm.

I'd just like to add downvoting someone because they don't like an actor you do is why this site is going down the drain soon. I think I'm contributing to the discussion by adding an alternative viewpoint, one that's been informed by experience in film and screenwriting.  




 Humblebrag much? 




 Minus the acting ability. Lovely chap. Really. But his latest work has showed him to be pretty one dimensional, despite his efforts to find unique roles. Lucky for him, people will take one dimension Daniel Radcliffe.

EDIT: the downvote button is not for disagreement. 




 Yes. 




 Last I checked Luda was a supporting actor in a multiple oscar-winning film... 




 OP clarified saying the dog could only pee in small, bloody drips. 




 Fuckass deleted it. Alas we can only remember 




 Exactly what I was thinking. Reads more like the top post on /r/soccer yesterday. 




 You need to get better at maths, champ. 




 Maybe when you get a little older you'll realize the world isn't as cut and dry as you'd like to think it is. 

You just said "it's hard not to imagine" and followed that up by declaring yourself "completely right."

Must be weird believing your imagination to be completely right, huh? 




 Pao: "Hey guys, could you get these shit slinging monkeys off my back? Just tell them what's what."

Alexis, eating popcorn: "No, they wouldn't believe us anyways. You're tough, Ellen. Keep it up." 




 At least it wasn't comic sans.

Serious tip though. Pao was pre-packaged for redditors to dislike considering her history. The fact she has an easily punnable name didn't help either. Also, she isn't a founder of the site. The decisions made while she was in charge gave the distinct appearance that this was a CEO who didn't know what they were doing and was enforcing their own agenda on the company.

At the end of the day I'm blown away nobody stepped up to the plate to let Reddit know what was really going on, that Pao was not to blame. This could have been avoided entirely if someone had the stones to say: "This is what we all think should happen going forward, and that's been the case since before Ms Pao was hired." 




 [MRW I'm not actually a cow.](http://gfycat.com/ThosePerfectBeardedcollie) 














