 Great movie. However, when I watched it, I couldn't help feel that it could have been a lot *blacker*. 
Peter Dinklage was great though. No issues there. 









 Nobody does it better by Carly Simon 




 And you have to lie in order to tell the truth. 




 https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/3e1bh7/what_are_some_movies_you_loved_the_first_time/ctakprf

Oooohhhh yeeaaahhh!?!?! 




 

" I do agree with you that the public has every right to disagree with it if they so choose. Just like it is the comedian's right to continue with his comedy, and If public opinion is strong enough and oppose him he/she will stop."

This is exactly the process that this article is a part of. Public opinion grows through discussion. Which is what this article is.  

Free speech and Free markets censor things all of the time. 
 




 I took your last comment to a logical extreme, since you stated that you would not label minstrel shows as racist.


I think you are confused about my basic argument. Which is not in favor of authoritarian censorship. 
 
My entire argument is that, someone should be free to put on any show that they wish, however they are not free from the public's opinion. 
And the public should have the opinion that overt racism, sexism, etc is wrong and should thus choose to not support those things.

The original claim was that Amy shumers movie perpetuated certain negative stereotypes instead of using comedy to subvert or satirize them. 

I think you underestimate the degree to which media influences our worldviews.

Edit: disregard the minstrel show stuff. I got my arguments confused.
The Hitler statement was still a logical extreme of your previous statement. 




 So, if Hitler had a comedy routine you wouldn't say his ideas should be discouraged?  




 Have you ever not watched a comedian because you did not find them funny or disagreed with them in some way? 




 Do you like that pun? 




 I am not talking about "shutting down" comedy in any way other than what the free market dictates. 

Society at large would not accept a 1920's minstrel show today, and as such it would not find investors and would not be written and performed. In effect, society shifted attitudes of race have "censored" the once popular minstrel show.



 




 That's clearly different than a minstrel show.
And is an example of the exact thing I am talking about.

Do you think minstrel shows, operating in the same manner they used to, should still exist? 




 Do you think they're should still be Minstrel shows? 




 Do you think there should still be Minstrel shows? 




 That is an example of societal censorship. It is using satire to show that the stereotypes do not hold weight and that their existence should be shunned.

 




