 I just watch movies for fun in my free time, so it is OK for me. Unless those concern with the themes that I really don't like, I have no idea about which is good and which is not.  




 Haha, and I also watched his Knowing and other movies too.  




 I do love Ip man too. Jackie Chan can be the most successful action movie actor in China. Besides, Jet Li and Donnie Yen are great actors in China too. There are still actress who is good at martial arts in China such as Zhang Lanxin in Chinese Zodiac. Movies with Chinese martial arts can make me excited and I'm always dreaming about learning Chinese martial arts! 




 You love Jackie Chan's movie? What about Donnie Yen and Jet Li then? But seriously, Jackie Chan's action movies are excellent!! 




 Anne Hathaway, The Devil Wears Prada.
Natalie Portman, Black Swan.  




 Bad roommate can really make you crazy. I have this kind of crazy roommates at my dormitory at college. They don't want to talk and they just focus on her own things. So I really didn't like the atmosphere at my dormitory.  




 If it's only one grape, find someone who is allergic to grapes so he/she can die easily. Or to find someone who is addicted to grapes, he/she wants to eat a lot of grapes but they have only one. Then they may get into anxiety and finally die. If I have sooooo much grapes, I will choose to feed him/ her with all the grapes to kill him/her.  




 Wow! Looks fantastic! This thing is the combination of all the things I like!! 




 But somebody said that Furious 6 was the best one and Furious 7 was even better. I don't know why.  




 OK, that means you both know that you don't want to obey his order and he says nothing and let you go. Then he is a great father. He doesn't force you to obey.  




 A very cute sheep!  




 Fortunately he didn't! I can't imagine any other actors for these two roles! 




 But you still can't do your own things since you are hiding from your father. You stay out late to do your own things? And when you are back what will your father do? He must know you stay out late and leave early on purpose.  




 Can't believe they are back but they will be on the movie screen!!Love their song but still confused about what the movie will be. Besides, why is a horror film?!! 




 Seriously, when it comes to actors of Chinese martial arts, I'd prefer Jackie Chan than Donnie Yen. So I will choose Rush Hour rather than Kung Fu Killer.  




 Your parents may ask you to do something you don't want to do when you are at home such as ask you to take out the trash when you are busy with your own things, or your teacher may ask you to do something for her and you have your own things to do, what will you do under these conditions?  




 Yeah, the plane crash scene was good and the last scene of the movie, the destruction of the earth was ...not that good. And the plots in the movie seemed to be too flat.  




 Rise of the Planet of the Apes. It's not my favorite movie but I did watched it for more than three times.  




 Knowing. At the very first, I thought it to be a horrible movie. But later I realize that it intends to awake people's aware that we have no idea about when will the world vanish and when will be the destruction of human beings. treasure our life.  




 I hate reading,too. But I like books. I usually buy a lot of books and wish I can finish reading them in a certain period of time. However, up to now, I've bought so many books but haven't finished reading one of them. I think reading is boring and time-costing. I know reading can help me a lot and I should read something and keep the habit of reading in my life. But I just can't make myself be addicted into books. I don't know why. I really admire those who loves reading and those who can finish reading one book in several days and I want to be a member of them. Can somebody give me some advice?  




 Actually I think Momy will be more excited than Dady because Momy has spent almost then months with him already but it will be the first time to see how he looks like.  




