




 I've seen this in NYC too, at a Japanese place.  




 Had sex once. Then operation and pills. Now I have two sex. 




 This looks like a cut scene from the walking dead. 




 Such great opportunities for public shaming/learning are being missed. 




 Wow. Did no one say anything to J?  Or at least hint that he was being selfish and rude? 




 TIL Movie rental stores still exist. 




 She looks like that droopy dog from old Loony Tunes. 




 My thoughts exactly. Just imagine a guy going to a bar, having a bit to much to drink, stumbling about, and taking a cab home. It's silly and funny. Then there is the drunken degenerate on the street who's life is consumed by alcohol. That's dark and depressing.   




 I fluctuate but I tend to get just under 7 according to my fitbit.  I do notice that during times of more intense training I require more sleep. 




 Ah, personal amusement. Seems legit. 




 You obviously don't like Weeblyn. Why allow her over in the first place? 




 I think finding new ways to short American education debt will be HOT in pretty soon. 




 6.5 you're pretty and looks like you're in decent shape. Your acne doesn't look very severe bit Accutane worked wonders for me. Acne + fix your hair up and you're an 8. 




 3.6 get in shape 




 6.1 




 People using my height as a conversation starter. Usually starts with me being informed that I'm tall. Like, cool story, I hadn't realized.  




 Looks like she eats a few apples a day. And by apples I mean some pies.  




 Eggs 




 Wow. One breast is like two cup sizes smaller than the other.  




 Little floof!  




 Indeed. A key is to hollow out one half of the bread, stuff it with cheese and rosemary, dust with olive oil, and bake until toasted.  









 8.75 You're a smoke show. 




 This is true but many of their products are organic so those calories don't count. 




 Blonde. The red looks way fake and nowhere near natural. At least the blonde looks somewhat natural.   




 All I see is duck face. Please repost without duck face.

Thanks. 




 I think you look ~20yo. Maybe just a bit younger. Nothing to be insecure about, especially considering that any bit younger you look will play out to your benefit in the future. 7.5/10  Would try to smash. Might not fit - you're itty-bitty

 




 The price *was* right. And they had all those different colors and patterns. Like pink leopard. I'm all stocked up on duck tape so no buy for me. 




 Duck*  It's the name of the brand that's on sale. 




 That is NOT eggs 101 




 And Guitar strings!!! Guitar strings for everybody! 




 It seems that Jeb is missing something that is very obvious to me. Americans work hard and are labor force is productive; relative to other developed markets. I look at myself, and my coworkers, and we are so productive that we can use technology to cut thousands of manual labor hours out of our lives by creating programs to automate day to day functions. This lowers costs for our company and in economics is known as 'gains from productivity.' The problem with these gains is that they are not distributed to those creating them; they flow almost entirely to the capital owners. And this is the problem. Jeb is a capital owner. He was born into that. It is not so easy to build a large capital base these days; with stagnant wages, increasing costs of housing and education, and tight credit, it is unfair that the productive only serve to enrich the already rich while being robbed of the fruits of their labor. 




 I think about if I was armed at what distance I could accurately hit targets. By targets I mean random people on the street. 




 What? No one was happy with the six pack of duck tape? 




 I'd be too curious to see what he'd actually do than to contact HR. 




 Wow OP. He seems to know a lot about her. Ask him what that snatch tastes like. 




 8/10 - you look great. Please don't try to get more "curves" as I've read in other comments.  









