 Fat cat, you say? 









 Prefect meal for later 




 That's not it? 




 Come on Jacky boy, we go a go. 




 ITT, redditors have girly hands.

Maybe the girl just works out. 




 He's 19. I'm going to guess, no. 




 I had an ex do me one better. We had a birthday, anniversary, Christmas happening 3 consecutive months. 

I bought her a flatscreen tv, 2 purses (LV   Coach), a bed room set, took her on a snowboarding trip to mammoth, bought her full snowboard, boots, bindings, clothing for the trip. 

She waits until after NYE to break up with me because we had plans to go to Vegas.

I spoke with a close friend after, who told me my ex was cheating on me for about a year, but my friend didn't want to say anything to me because she thought I looked happy, and she didn't want to be the one to break up a happy relationship.

Yay me. 




 Americans are terrible at geography. 




 I have a few British friends and at first I would talk politely with them and, to me, it would sound like they were being polite with me.

But they would laugh to themselves at certain things they would say. Or after I said certain things.

After a while I came to realize that they were making fun of me and I had not even realized it. The sarcastic fucks! 

Some of the slang they used were unfamiliar to me, so that could have made things more difficult for me to understand.

Needless to say, we get along better, but I know them for the sarcastic, wankers they really are. 




 OP, we found the culprit. 




 Came here, saw the comment, and face palmed. 




 I'm sorry 




 [Business time?](https://youtu.be/AqZcYPEszN8) 




 Anthony Bourdain 




 Working out produces an increase in testosterone. Maybe your girlfriend can smell it and it turns her on. 

-My very unscientific bro science explanation that I pulled out of my ass 




 RIP in pieces inbox? 









 If it's Facebook official, then yeah. It's real. 




 People cheating on each other. It happens all the time. Get over it. 

If someone cheats on you and you don't like it, that's the best reason to find someone else.

Humans weren't made to be monogamous.

(Flame suit on) 




 He's lost his touch" the cdjs though.  




 Hey, they still have to sell tickets. These bigger names are obviously more well known which means they have a bigger fan base. Even if that fan base has only "heard of" them.

I'm sure there will be some proper underground djs there as well, but they definitely won't be announced with these "headliners." 




 Quit being so jaded. I'm jaded as fuck and so far, I think the lineup is good. No misses yet. 




 If you can get a used SX for $600, it's a good deal.

I'd spring for an SX2 if it's not too much more. The colored pads help tremendously when it comes to quickly accessing hot cues. 




 Baby opens door and falls out. Random person sees it and puts the baby back in. 









 Just reading some of the responses here, your question has already been answered. 

You will not be able to buy good speakers for $200. 

Even though the majority of responses say that quality speakers will cost more, you refuse to accept that truth.

If you want to spend bottom dollar, then just go do it. No need to ask for advice if you're not going to take it.

Not trying to be a dick, just trying to make you realize that you asked a question and you refuse to accept the answer because it wasn't the one you're looking for. 




 So did he slay that or what? 




 Thatsthejoke.jpeg 




 Computer porn.  




 That restaurant really looks like a public restroom. 




 I'm not sure. I've only used a friend's set up once. 




 I came here to suggest this. /u/Nukemi

By far the easiest option that would provide you with hundreds of thousands of songs. And it's relatively inexpensive. 

You can take any and all song requests all night.

Things you need:

- Djay app 

- Spotify premium

- Apple computer or laptop

- Reliable internet connection

- Compatible hardware controller

If you already have cdj 2000nxs and a mixer, you're good to go. If not you can buy an inexpensive controller, like the Pioneer DDJ-WeGO3 which is about $300. (You can always return it after the gig)

Good luck and have fun! Remember, the night isn't about you or your ability to dj, it is about the bride   groom, and what their guests want to hear. 




 In the heat of the moment, all that rational thinking goes out the window. 




 Try this shit in the hood and you'll get your head stomped in. 




 ARE YOU FUCKING SORRY? 




 Carbs one meal is not going to kill you.

On the other hand, if they're a close friend, I don't see why explaining that you don't eat carbs would be a big deal. 




 We did it Reddit! 




 Is that chicken fresh or frozen? 




 The SX is a great unit but you'll need to spin from a laptop with Serato. You can't use rekordbox with the SX.

The CDJs can be used stand alone with a mixer.

So consider that. 




 3 pinches of salt = 1 dash 




 Fuck the trees, I'll take the $10k 




 I don't know man. Because we're jaded trance fags who well argue about anything. 




 Time and Space was at a beach in Mexico. Serenity Gathering was a weekend rave in the mojave desert. Not sure what your definition of a festival is. Sorry that these parties aren't by mainstream promoters. 




 Defcon's subliminal message

Pulsar pres. Astrometric

Underground heroes Ascension

Love Party

Serenity Gathering

Time and Space

Vangar pres. Sensory Sessions

Pulsar pres. Nebula




  - There, you happy? 




 Rekt 




 9/10 people approve of gang bangs. 




 Tons of underground trance festivals. Just because they aren't mainstream doesn't mean they don't exist. 




 You name all these sub genres, then you say there hasn't been an all trance festival.

0_o 




 Please name 1 all trance festival in the US then

I'm waiting to see the lineup for this. I don't think "trance" means what you think it means to insomniac. 




 first trance festival in the US

Lol wut 




 Beach side in November? 




 This has got to be one of the top reposts. Or I have deja vu. 




 That's not how that works. 









 Half life 4 confirmed 




 OP has never driven past a car dealership before. 




 Was expecting an ass spanking. I'll see myself out. 




 Yet OP mentioned that he liked Armadillo by Solis   Sean Truby.

That song is pretty orchestral and cheesy. 




 I'm confused. You don't like cheesy and you don't like 140. 




 Hold my Chinese finger trap that I have attached to my penis, I'm going in. 




 Those eyes...they've seen a lot of shit. 




 Why, are you running out of ideas for your dungeon slaves OP? 




 Dogs live everyone's dreams. 

To be able to lay around all day, getting fed, having people pick up your poop, being able to lick your balls. And never having to worry about paying a bill. 




 If that's the case, then there are actually more families being created. 




 Dane Cook

Carlos Mencia

Aziz Ansari 




 Someone needs to turn this cat into a hipster. 




 Lay on your back, feet flat on the ground and knees in the air. Then raise your hips up. 

Or, lay on your stomach and lift your leg up. Keep your leg straight.

You should feel your glutes flexing while doing both of these motions. 




 What's the point of having a big ass lawn like that? (Can you tell I live in California?) 




 Unsubscribe 




 Much card. So celebratory. Wow. 




 For the next one, you need redditors to send picture proof. Erect penis next to a ruler. 

Edit: Jesus Christ. I never knew an off handed comment about penis would garner so many responses. 8=====D 




 I'm going to go next year. 




