 ... but they won't, because they don't actually want to do it anymore. 




 I don't call a $1,000,000 fee to be able to drive a "legal" cab part of the free market. 




 I don't think Uber is perfect, but has there been no instances of cab drivers [murdering](http://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/479549/Detectives-uncover-SECRET-LAIR-serial-killer-taxi-driver), [attacking](http://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/nyc-crime/cops-hunt-cabbie-allegedly-sexually-assault-mom-queens-article-1.1918409), [raping](http://kdvr.com/2015/03/16/woman-claims-cab-driver-raped-robbed-her-da-charges-driver-with-5-felonies/), or [stealing](http://abc7chicago.com/news/cab-driver-charged-with-identity-theft-/395897/) from riders?

They do have background checks, which might need to be revamped. They require insurance for their drivers, they just don't pay it themselves. And if you get caught doing anything like you mentioned, they take you off the system. Basically, you're fired... and arrested. If that isn't accountability...

Maybe they need to be inspected like Yellow Cabs are. Maybe they need to revamp their system on hiring. I don't know, but don't tell me that they are less safe than cabs. 




 A little bit, yeah. But that doesn't mean we shouldn't let that dick fuck that asshole, De Blasio. 




 I know. But it helps raise awareness to the problem in NYC. 




 He's also a major investor in the ride-sharing company. And frankly, I didn't know about the particular problem with New York until someone told me about Ashton's little rant here. (I don't live up there, so any effect of this legislation will be caused by things such as Uber closing down.) 









 The JFK episodes were quite interesting.

But my absolute favorite has to be the Halloween episode. 




 To induce choking! That was the solution! 




  any situation where the camera is panning left to right

Pretty much all videos. (There might be some exceptions.) 




 Ant-Man counts, because it is part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe megafranchise. 




 [Not the worst sports related bird death](https://youtu.be/foLo3Z11RGk)

Trigger warning: Shitty YouTube editor 




 [You're doomed!](http://replygif.net/i/120.gif) 




 These kind of people would never have let her bring a gun on the set.

First, the recruiter would cut off contact if the prospect seemed too confident or willful.

Second, they ingratiate themselves with the prospect, lulling them into a false sense of security.

Third, they fly you out there and pick you up from the airport for a short trip, telling you that you don't need a lot of extra clothes. This way, they know you aren't carrying a weapon on the flight, and they have control of your luggage after it.

Finally, they will probably have you leave your purse in the hotel, claiming that they don't wish it to be stolen, leaving you with no personal belongings at all, and no money when the inevitable realization occurs that they aren't having you model, they are filming you being raped.

 




 Not to mention rape.

I don't throw that out too lightly, but they lied to her, held her against her will, bullied her, and forced her to have sex. 




 Okay, first you would need to convince your lawyer that you should be given maternity leave, which is intended for bonding with your child and recuperating after the delivery, for the purpose of adopting a puppy.

Most employers are willing to give maternity over adopting a human child, but adopting a puppy? Get the adoption done on Friday afternoon, and you have all weekend to bond with the animal.

But, I almost want to see a case like this go to trial, just so a judge can tell these damned "pet parents" that their "baby" is not the same as a baby. 




 He seemed like it on the show. I just thought people would like the controversy. 




 We'll know in 5 minutes.  




 His appearance on Bullshit (I've been reaching the series) reminded me, and it seemed appropriate with the flag nonsense going around. 




 That is my preferred method, as well.  




 Honestly, the less bloatware, the better.

Since I don't use Skype, I won't miss it not being built in, and if I want to get it, I can download it. 




 It's all porn, isn't it? In 4K resolution or VR formats. 




 I guess. I need to see that smug sense of entitlement or arrogance before I wanna pop you one. 




 Nah, his face isn't all that punchable. What you have a problem with is his clothes.

Edit: [This guy](http://www.blackactivistzine.org/brotha%20reparations%20durban2001.jpg) has a punchable face. 




 Good point. Judging is what we do best! 




 There are a lot of black people that are proud of being from the South, and that includes wearing the Confederate flag.

It might be misplaced, but who are we to judge, right? 




 I actually first saw this guy on the Reparations episode of Penn and Teller's Bullshit.

He dresses this way to try and get reparations from the US Government for treatment of the South after the Civil War. 




 To put it most simply, Marvel uses a Multiverse, where any character can technically cross over into another (Japanese Spider-Man and his giant robot, Leopardon, in the comic series Spider-Men).

DC uses an Omniverse. The Comics, Animated Series, Movies, Series and the new CW shows each have their own Multiverse, where the other groups don't even exist. Dean Cain Superman will never show up with Smallville's Lana. But within those multiverses, there are dimensional rifts, pocket universes, and split timelines that can be crossed into, like in Crisis events. 









 I didn't molest you as a child because it's wrong! 




 For photos, yes. You want a picture of a single person, or a small group, or a tall building, then you use Portrait orientation.

For wide groups, vistas, and any situation where the camera is panning left to right at all, you Landscape that bitch. 




 Except for the god damned vertical holding... 




 Not racist.

The name is funny to say. 




 No, that is just the image they used for the fact. 

George was recast for Parts II   III, with the new actor in makeup and using camera tricks to fool the audience into believing that Crispin was involved in the movie.

Technically, they would have been okay with the newspaper clipping alone, as long as they paid the "stock footage" fee to Crispin.

But creating a lookalike, as opposed to simply finding a new actor with visual similarity, created a false impression of the acceptance of the original actor.

The irony of all this is that Crispin left the show because he wanted more money, but he was originally angry at the idea that George's success meant that he was wealthy now. 




 It's not really the same, but she isn't too far different from "fit and happy" Lorraine. 




 Sounds a lot like sticking your dick in crazy. 




 Mex$ is simply an acceptable alternative if there is confusion between Mexican Pesos and US Dollars, or another currency that uses the $ symbol. 




 I'm sorry, but if I have to pay to use the restroom, then I expect at least a seat on the bucket. 




 And what I said was that I favored the Ice magic because it gave a high refresh effect. If I had stuck with THM longer, I probably would have naturally changed my playstyle as I gained new skills anyway. 




 A good point. I probably wouldn't be a good venue for buying online, but I could be able to sell locally rather easily. 




 Actually, I did change. They brought in Arcanist, and I went with that class as my main.

But, you are wrong on one thing. Final Fantasy XIV is a game. You play the game how *you* want to play, not how others want you to play.

The "there is a right way to play, and every other way is wrong" mentality was part of what poisons a community. Not everyone who plays a job is going to be worried about "mathematical optimability". 

If you don't think I use Fire *enough*, then maybe it's just that you have a stick in your ass, but I'll grant you that if I don't use Fire *at all*, then I may be hindering a party too much.

But it is when people act in an unexpected manner that they can become surprising. 




 I'd like to say it's an original, but apparently there is a dating site blog (one2one) that used it before me. 




 Who needs charm when you have money?  




 I have both Lunar games on PSX 




 Now I'm heading it in his voice 




 It's stopped happening as much, because SE started giving a bonus to parties that include a first time player. 




 Eh, first I'd need a desire to really focus on Black Mage. I'm having too much fun with Scholar.

I love how people start down voting because I played with a job class "wrong" 




 We could always ask her.  




 That is a fair point. I wouldn't want to try and make it my sole income in any case, just an addition to existing stock, both as completed pieces and selling supplies to others. 




 When I play THM (I haven't unlocked BLM yet), I'll favor ice magic because of the massive Refresh effect, but I'll still switch auras to Fire and burn through my MP if need be. 




 But what about you, who ran through Aurum Vale, only to be kicked out just before the final boss fight (that you needed for your Zodiac Weapon), and now you can't even get a chance at skipping to the last fight, because the in progress bar is blanked out  




 That's what pissed me off about low level play.

I'd be running through an easy dungeon, but everyone drops because it showed the "one or more players is new message". It isn't hard to guess that the new player is the one watching the cutscene and getting into the story.

Worse than that are the trolls, who come in as a tank, purposefully aggro the entire dungeon like Leroy Jenkins, then drop out before the 15 minutes required to vote to leave without penalty. 




 Unless you get stuck in a cycle of being grouped with and kicked from parties with one Free Company that hates you for some reason.

Or if there is a guy that simply randomly kicks people out for no reason whatsoever, increasing the chances that you meet the same person... 




 Well, damn... That sounds like half of the interrogations on Law and Order. 




 Hell, I'll take Celine Dion over Kanye West.

Less of an ego. 




 Not Raiders. Kingdom of the Crystal Skull.

Page 2 has EXT - MILITARY BASE - DAY

Page 3 has EXT - AREA 51 - DAY 




 I would still venture to say that the generic, medical text laden, Harlequin novels are better porn that most fanfics. 




 Well, it might not have been on the very first page, but Indiana Jones uses the driving scene for credits and time wasting before the exterior shot of the secret government warehouse that the Ark and the Crystal Skull are housed. 




 Woosh 




 Shower sex is probably not the best place for acrobatics. 




 Would you rather sound like you're from Wisconson?

Oh, crap. Oh crap. Oh crap! 




 And Q - the omnipotent entity from Star Trek: The Next Generation 




 I never would have guessed you were a guy. Thank you for the warning. 




 Circumstances, dude.

There is a difference between Batman and Spider-Man.

Yes, both watched their loved one die at the hands of a criminal and that caused them to become a costumed crime-fighter.

But Batman was a boy, watched his parents (wealthy philanthropists) die during a robbery after leaving a play or movie. Spider-Man was a mostly grown boy (teen to young adult depending on the writer), already with superpowers, whose uncle (not particularly wealthy at all) was shot by a criminal that he had the power to stop.

While it has a similarity, it is not the same origin story. 




 Just remember that not all video game movies are bad... just most of them.

Final Fantasy: Advent Children was great. The Spirits Within... not so much.

The first Resident Evil movie was enjoyable, as was the first Mortal Kombat.

Were they Oscar-worthy? No. But they weren't terrible.

And even some of the terrible ones are good watching, like the JCVD/Raul Julia Street Fighter. 




 Cosby want staying in the hotel, right?  




 But then the Christians get to sent their own champion back, and they end up fighting, only to have your Terminator be crushed in a steam press 




 Not all of it. 

Case in point... Artemis's Lover

A fanfiction so bad that I'm going to link to the [MST version](http://www.nabiki.com/mst/megane67/mst/oscarfic/al67.html).

A self-insertion fanfic about a hermaphrodite teenager who gets into a homosexual relationship with a talking housecat. 




 With him running for president, it was only a matter of time for the shows to go off air.

They'd be forced to give equal time to like 13 other candidates. 




 3 shoes off means he really fucked up. 




 And *that* is the danger. The complacency that comes about from understanding that someone will help, and assuming it doesn't have to be yourself.  




 We all make mistakes. 




 Who starts their run directly at a wall they have to climb over? Outside of people running an obstacle course, which aren't part of this discussion.

If you happen to be standing right at a wall with a conveniently placed  ladder, then yeah... go ahead and climb over. But in a real world scenario, you will be meeting the wall in the middle of your run.

The average person will do as I suggested, and head for the clearest gap in the wall, like a gate. A parkour expert *should* consider how high the wall is and whether it is easier to go to the gate or not.

Up to the 43 yard line, 7 yards away from the wall, it is still more efficient to run to the gate than it is to climb over it. 




  Anything aerial is considered extremely inefficient

That is my understanding of the matter. I'm not saying they are wrong to do it, especially if it isn't hurting anyone, but it isn't efficient. 




 It isn't the fastest or easiest in many cases. It's just the least complicated (less turning involved.)

http://reddit.com/r/Whatcouldgowrong/comments/3dt4cl/parkour_wcgw/ct8v01u

Here is a breakdown of the wall example to show how simply running for the gate is more efficient than trying to climb over the fence. 




 http://reddit.com/r/Whatcouldgowrong/comments/3dt4cl/parkour_wcgw/ct8v01u

This is why it is not as efficient. 




 Well, conserving the comparison, if it is a 10 yard run to the gap in the wall, it would be a 5 yard tall wall... 15 feet.

If I were going for peak efficiency of running toward such a wall, I would head directly for the gate, instead of hitting the wall directly and climbing over.

As for the spacial efficiency, if you are running a total distance of 100 yards with that fence at the 50 yard line, and the gate 10 yards away from your path...

The direct, line of sight path climbing over the wall is a total of 110 yards.

Running to the gate and through the fence is 101.98 yards. 




 If you are worried about financial risks of accepting checks, you can always use bitcoin for the sale.

Because it can't be charged back or falsified, you only risk problems with the currency failing.  




 Well, by the simple rules of statistics, the more people that see a request, the more likely *someone* will help out. 

It's the same reason car dealerships constantly send out junk ads. Because they *know* someone will get it that needs a car. If they didn't advertise, they would have gotten less prospective buyers.

That's what the stupid "like this to have God cure Timmy's nut cancer" posts do is hopefully get some people to donate money for cancer treatment. 




 And you can't even get Tyson's name right? 




 Any info as to why this post has disappeared from the indexes?  




 That sounds about right.

The only thing missing from the explanation is the details on the details.

He hacked into a website and obtained names, addresses, and phone numbers of women who had an abortion, and was releasing those details publically.

Imagine if you were a rape victim, and you abort the product of that rape only to be hounded by anti-abortion picketers who call for you, a victim, to be assaulted or executed because you couldn't stand to keep the child.

This guy is absolute human garbage.  




 Even if they don't agree with abortion. Even if they don't agree with your reasons for getting on...

They have no right to plaster your name and number in public because you got one. 




 He is why it is so hard to have a successful campaign.  




 Actually, no. The 10 feet around the wall is action perpendicular to gravity. The 5 feet up the wall is against gravity.

You will expend more energy climbing over or vaulting the wall as opposed to running around it. Obviously, it's still more worth it to hop over a 2 foot fence, but climbing onto a 40 or 80 foot building? Just go around.  




 I fail to see how climbing and jumping off of buildings is "more efficient" than just going around the building. 




 Answer: you can only get one discount.

AAA or this special rate I pulled out of my ass. 




 They know two things.

First, that Priceline and other third party reservation systems take out a huge commission on the rooms, so you ask for $150, he gets it for $125, but the hotel only receives  $100. If you match the rate he was offered, you'll gain $25...

The other thing they know is that these sites are notorious for screwing up reservations.

So, they offer to book directly if you match the rate, and supposedly everyone wins.

As for asking if you have rooms available, they just want you to confirm that there is a room, and that the price they are seeing is better than what was offered. If you and the TPS are the same price, he'll just book with you directly since there is no price matching involved. 




 To be fair here, you told him he wouldn't get a discount if he refused breakfast, so why shouldn't he eat breakfast after all? 




 Worf. 




 [](/hnng) It's an overload of cuteness. 




 [](/scootahail) /r/hailcorporate 




 Gimme a break. 




 https://youtu.be/TYqpi2tNAC0 




 Good thing Michael Weston is there to help. 




 But he wasn't pimping guys.  




 Some people just like the challenge of changing the character around. Some people want to dress as the character, and don't care about the implications. Some people do it for shock value. 




 China, Soviet Russia. 




 Hmm....

What if it's a FTM transgender?

That would be the Ultimate Crossplay 




 I would have simply told him he was free to cancel the room without charge. 




 It isn't just a pun.

That was one of Bender's wrestling personas in the Ultimate Robot Fighting League. 




 Such violence! I love it  




 He is such a troll, man. 




 [There is clearly only one answer.](https://youtu.be/0s9-qP7_Q1E) 




 I hope they make a ton of jokes about that.

Give him a leather jacket with chains and spikes one episode, have him meet a guy named Blaze, that kind of thing. Really relish the similarity. 




 The sad part is the fact that the fedora, as worn by Indiana Jones or 1930s gangsters isn't the same as the Trilby worn by pathetic neckbeards.

Edit - moved comment off of top of the thread. 




 Okay, it is possible that T-2 Skynet was able to deduce that it had sent a Terminator into the past, including the appropriate model as it would have had records from the original chip.

So T0 (premovie) Skynet is independently developed, identifies the resistance leader, sends a T-800 back in time.

T1 Skynet (Skynet as a result of the events of Terminator 1) sees that a Terminator was already sent and that it was used to help build itself, and sends a T-800 back to the original point to ensure its existence, then sends a T-1000 to try and kill John. 




 And this is why I don't understand high fashion. 




 HDM made the list because of seeming confusion in the names of the panserbjrne, though for a proud and ancient race that prizes families and history, it isn't uncommon to have similar names pop up like that.

However, that concept is foreign to modern humans, so it sounds weird to us. 




 Every single day people walk into the sliding door at my hotel. Hard enough that they knock it off track (it's the type that can be pushed outward to open in case of emergency) 




 Leroy Jethro Gibbs. The most redneck name in the universe, but he is such a badass. 




 I'm gonna just start Jaqen it in San Diego.  




 You shut your mouth, Zedd was awesome.

But yeah, the name was kind of out there. 




 Remember that Harry Potter was written as a children's book. So some of that is forgivable.  




 And a rather famous modern actor. 




 Depending on ethnicity, that isn't terrible. 




 [Get out! I have to take a Count Dooku!](http://www.galacticbinder.com/images/VentureBrothers/henchmen-count-dooku.jpg) 




 Harry and Hermione are fine because any confusion is dispelled by the fact that one of them is more common than the other. 




 Just panserbjrne things... 




 You know what. I can forgive that... But Reneesme?

It's like someone diarrhea'd on a page. 




 Was he a captain? 




 Yeah Dark'ness was just putting it there for shits and giggles. 




 The only time an apostrophe is acceptable in a name is when it represents a glottal stop.

K'lisa = kuh-li-sa not kli-sa 




 But Star Wars was already Fantasy Star Wars.

Swords, telepathy, magic... the science fiction was simply a trapping, and proves that Sci-fi and Fantasy are just two sides of the same coin. 




 That one is a personal favorite. Him dancing to the "Lorde" song was just perfect. 




 [That dog has a great future](http://southparkstudios.mtvnimages.com/images/shows/south-park/clip-thumbnails/season-8/0801/south-park-s08e01c14-animal-shelter-16x9.jpg?) 




 Think of it this way.

They pay his paycheck. I'd he badmouths them, he loses money.  




 Oh, no. I could. But I'd have to give a fuck to do so.  




 He doesn't need it to crossreference. He knows that it works, so he knows at some level that the translation is correct.

He just doesn't care about French, so he doesn't bother to actually learn it. 




 Or worse actors 




 For the purpose of the writing, I would refer to an "anti-humanitarian" as "self-interested" or "practical"

It isn't that he doesn't wish to give money to hobos, it is that he thinks of his own needs. 




 Anthem is very good, even if you don't like Objectivism.

But my understanding of Objectivism is that Rand wasn't complete in her own philosophy. She was poisoned by a burning hatred of Socialism and Communism, and couldn't see where rational self-interest includes advancing of the interests of others.

You must be willing to help others, but put your own life jacket on before helping your neighbor. 




 For a neutral or positive view of egotism, Objectivism is not a bad way to describe it.

The goal of objectivism is rational self-interest, which many believe to include helping others in order to help oneself.

It is less sinister than pure egotism, but less empathetic than humanitarianism. 




 All men cellularly regenerate. 




 Think of it like the difference between "good for you!" (In congratulation for an achievement) and "good for you" (because I could care less) 




 Can confirm... "calm down" calms nobody down. 




