 This is Amy. You are right!  Finding customers is key.   In terms of starting out, customers are often people you know through other experiences. This might be people you have worked with before, friends, family, or previous advisors.  It is often a good idea to test your product on customers in small experiments.  Don't go after a "big" customer until you have the kinks worked out and a number of smaller customers who have offered feedback to improve your product.  Larger businesses will ask about track record and will call customers you have worked with in the past.  Good luck! 
   




 Good questions- My advice is to join a startup for a year while applying and see if you like it.  Stanford is very flexible and a number of students are juggling startups and class if they are interested in both.  Plus, a year goes very quickly.  You will gain valuable insight into the world of work and learn what you like to do in a more practical sense.  I'd look at LinkedIn and read widely on TechCrunch and blogs to see what companies appeal to you.  Also, check out venture capital portfolio companies to get an idea for what is in the marketplace now.  My best advice is to find great people to work with!  You will never be "biding time" if you are working with great people who will invest in your learning and growth - regardless of specific business context.   Good luck! 
 




 This is Amy.  Set up strong founder and/or co-founder arrangements with early partners.  It is important to have clear definitions starting out and will save a lot of headache later on.  Starting companies requires collaboration but you don't want to feel taken advantage of.  Hire a strong lawyer early.  This is good money spent and communicates fairness if done right.  Good luck! 
 




 This is Amy.  My advice is to use the Internet to find people who are interested in the same things as you are.  LinkedIn is a great tool.  Don't be stopped by geographic proximity.  Technology and the speed of communication open vast possibilities to learn and grow.  Also, starting a business by your is hard (likely too hard.)  Find allies!!   Good luck.  




 This is Amy.  I believe we are moving into a non-credentialed economy.  By this I mean that degrees and certifications matter less than problems that people can solve.  When building companies, the person with a PhD or post-doc is only as valuable as what she or he can bring to the table in terms of problem-solving.  Advanced training can certainly help prepare individuals to tackle thorny issues.  That said, most founders in my research set do not have PhDs.  There are many entrepreneurs who graduate from college but forgo an MBA degree because of the 2 year investment in business education.  The MBA - or non-MBA - debate in the entrepreneurship world is heating up.  There is also the argument out there that the best entrepreneurs dropout (Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, etc).  Elon Musk, founder of SpaceX, Tesla Motors, Solar City, and PayPal, for example, dropped out of a PhD program in physics at Stanford after only 2 days.  I do believe education is important.  In the entrepreneurship world, it is mostly about what problem you can solve.  




 The leap of faith question to add employee #2, #3, and beyond is a good one.  For founders who want to make meaningful change in the world, it is easy to bring in other people.  No one person can create and scale an endeavor without enlisting other - many other - people to help carry and shape that vision.   In my book there is a chapter called "Network Minds" about how to harness cognitive diversity and bring together other minds to make businesses stronger.  It is by working together that we will solve problems that have not been solved in the past.  Moving past the solo operator to build a concept that will reach many others requires searching for allies.  It is a mindset as well as a skill set that is crucial when building meaningful partnerships.   




 Thanks for the question.  My research shows that male and female entrepreneurs who  start and scale companies to over $100 million in annual revenue share the same skills.  There are no gender differences that I have studied specifically.  That said, women do not show up in equal number in the "high scale entrepreneurship" category.  There is research that shows one reason for that is less access to funding.  (Women are not as connected in venture capital and angel networks and therefore do not have equal access to capital).  Research also shows that women don't have access to the same networks of advisors.  I would direct you to a new study out of Babson on women entrepreneurs as well as a study conducted by The Kauffman Foundation for more specifics.  Good luck!!!   And we need more female high-scale entrepreneurs.  Go for it! 
 




 Thanks for the question.  There is huge potential for scientists and business leaders to work together in more seamless ways.  Bob Langer, pioneer of drug delivery systems and human tissue engineering and founder of the Langer Lab at MIT, is a wonderful example of success at this intersection.  Bob has cofounded 25 companies that have scaled to over $100 million in annual revenue.  He has also licensed technology to over 250 larger pharma companies.  Check out his model as an example. 

Specific to your question, one of the things underestimated by scientists (and new entrepreneurs) is the significance of funding. Startups need more funding often than they anticipate and one of the main factors related to startup failure is running out of funding.  Technical transfer and patent law is another area that needs close consideration.  There is huge potential in bringing research into the marketplace!  Scientists and researchers need to first and foremost find good business partners. 
 




 This is Amy.  I'm excited about companies such as Theranos, a lab testing company based in Palo Alto, that will use data analytics to fundamentally reshape the healthcare industry. The concept is that if as patients we get lab tests more frequently that we will be able to see the story of disease develop over time with the hope of detecting and eventually preventing it.  I see significant future growth in the intersection of data-science and medical applications.  Companies such as 23andMe have the potential to reshape healthcare but are not stuck in regulatory battles.  As you note, this is changing.  Keep your eyes on biomedical, bioengineering (such as the inventions coming out of Bob Langer's lab at MIT) and data analytics as related to healthcare!   I'm going to!! 
  




