 IDGAF if Eric's stats are higher. Yours is way better. 

I'm slowly losing my hope in this sub. First Do I Need A Jacket. Then Hexacon. Following with CS: GO post. Everybody is just copying the other. Now it's triangle post. I swear to God that I saw three if them on my scroll down here (9h after upload). The first triangle post even went up two months ago.

Smh

Still respect for changing it up and good job Haha  




 Haha. So tru 




 So make sure to shave your donkeys 









 You can also save as PDF. Logical but though I'd add for those who didn't connect the pieces 




 How about making Elementary green instead of "Music" as it'll only be relevant when playing music :) 




 Comment 1000 




 Fool me once, shame on me / fool me twice I'm a fucking idiot  




 YOU HAD ONE JOB JOHNNY!!!  




 I'd love to see the story of ie. With Spartan replacing it  




 Motherfucker Steve Jobs just _had_ to ruin a streak here.  




 Who died?  




 Thanks!!  I know it's not much but I like the idea. 

I used TextTime and set it to be the same color as the wallpaper. 

I made it myself  




 [Monstercat Visualizer](http://marcopixel.deviantart.com/art/Monstercat-Visualizer-for-Rainmeter-1-2-1-486330771)

[Text time](http://rainmeterhub.com/skins/textime-1-01/) 









 In Wien hat's g'rad um die 35. Wie bersteht ihr die Ferien in Wien? 




 It is also soccer shoes, baseball bat, what about basketball ball 









 Well, hilarious thing happened right after. The teacher who doesn't give a damn, laughed at us when we met him at the toilet Haha  




 Yeh :( 




 So this happened two days ago.

On a class trip to Italy, it was ordinary for us to get drunk daily. We are all 16 so it is legal for us to drink beer and wine, both in Italy and in Austria.

Every night we would leave the home and buy drinks, come back and fuck ourselves up. Two teachers attended the trip; one of them didn't two shit about how drunk we were; the other was incredibly interested in what we drank and making sure we stayed legal.

On the first night we went out and bought a 4l (1 gal) bottle of vodka. Of course the barkeepers didn't care about our ages. As long as we pay no one asks for a pass. This enabled the 6 most eventful nights of my short 16 year old life. 

Well it was the last night in Italy and we decided; why not drink before we leave for the train? We can drink on the train as well. (We drank on the way there)

As only a quarter of the bottle was left friend 1 left it on the table. Friend 2 told him to "hide it better". Friend 1 put it behind a pack of chips and went, "That's the best hiding spot ever". We all went, "NO". And left it at that.

And so we drank, playing drinking games and being noisy causing the teacher who didn't give a fuck to enter the room. He immediately noticed the bottle and asked, "Are you retarded? You can't just leave a bottle of vodka out like that" Doing his duty as a teacher and because the other teacher was there he confiscated the bottle and told us to think about it and tell him the truth.

Friend 1 took the fault on himself because his parents didn't give two shits about him drinking, unlike the rest of ours, and left the room. (Have to note he was very drunk, so one of us went out to assist him.) 

Turns out all our parents will be notified on this anyway. I'll keep updated.

TL;DR Got caught by teacher with vodka bottle on class trip. 




