 IT by Stephen King, around 1100 pages I think. 

Second is Fatal Vision at around 800 pages. 

Loved both books, but there were times when I was like "I'm never going to finish this." 




 Just My Luck.  




 I've been reading The Lovely Bones by Alice Sebold off and on for over ten years. I've started it and put it down probably six times.

This last time I thought "okay, this is it, I'm going to finish this book if it's the last thing I do."

And then I hit the 15% mark and I just can't read it anymore. I'm not sure if it's the writing that's putting me off or what, I just can't ever come close to finishing it. 

Does anyone else have a book like this, that you've been trying to read for years but just can't get through?  




 I wouldn't do it. I'm sure some women would feel comfortable or even "grateful" like the woman you spoke to, but you don't and that's totally your perogative. It's your money, you should be able to handle it whatever way you want.

Maybe compromise -- you get a joint account with him that you both have access to. You both put 50% of your money into it, and then you each have separate accounts for the rest.

If he says no to that, that would be a deal breaker for me. You shouldn't have to ask your husband for an allowance if you're bringing the same amount of money to the table. 




 Godsend.

I'm probably one of 15 people that saw that crapfest in theaters. It's one of my deepest regrets. 




 October Sky 




 Have two dogs, go to the dog park fairly frequently. I've spoken to people but it's usually just "oh what breed? great weather we're having." 




 I'm 27 years old and I have no friends, and I haven't had one in years. And before that, even more years, and before that, never.

I was bullied pretty heavily through elementary, middle, and through part of high school. In high school I made a couple friends, one best friend I had through part of my senior year. In my senior year I met my current boyfriend. Around this same time my best friend and I had a falling out.

After high school I had a few jobs, never made any friends, went to college, made one friend. Her and I stopped talking about a year after graduation, and since then... no friends. I've had the same job for three years in retail, since I graduated college. I've always been way older than my coworkers, and now that I'm a manager I couldn't even be friends with anyone because it's fraternization and I don't want to get fired.

My boyfriend and I live together, we've been together ten years, and he's always been able to make friends and keep them. He's had friends for years and anytime he meets someone around his age, boom. Friends. They're chatting on Skype, gaming together, hanging out. 

We were talking earlier, and I realized... he's the only person I talk to. Other than my coworkers that I have to be professional with because I'm their boss... he's the only one. I see my mom and his mom once every couple months, same with my siblings. But other than that, it's just my boyfriend. And I don't think that's healthy, I really think it's affecting me. I feel like I can't properly articulate my thoughts into words and almost like I'm forgetting how to talk. It sounds stupid but that's the only way to describe it. I feel incredibly awkward and self-conscious and the person I'm talking to thinks I'm an idiot.

I think the reason I never learned to make friends is because I was so heavily bullied. The people I thought were my friends in middle school were using me and teasing me behind my back. And even though that was 15 years ago for some reason it's still affecting me. And I don't know how to get past it. Whenever someone shows any remote interest in me (which is very rare) I think they're really just making fun of me and think I'm a weirdo.

I'm just looking for some advice. I can put myself out there, join a gym, do a hot yoga class, join a club, whatever. But that won't help me not worry that the person I'm talking to thinks I'm weird or annoying.

Tl;dr Bullied in school, never really had any friends except for a couple in high school in college. Worry it's affecting me and worry that everyone that talks to me thinks I'm weird. 




 Infant Sorrow is one of my top to listened bands on last.fm. Searching for a Father is my jam. 




 I love Apollo 13. I've seen it so many times but I still get really emotional, especially in one of the last scenes where everyone is waiting to hear if they survived.

Such a fantastic movie.  




 Maybe not "ruined," but when Inception came out I absolutely loved it. But then the Internet got ahold of it and went fucking crazy, every other post on Tumblr was about it and I just got sick of hearing about it.

I still like the movie but I definitely got tired of it. 




 I don't really get it.

Companies need people spending money to make money. People need jobs to spend money on the companies' product for them to make money.

The more unemployed people the more everyone suffers. This is why I think the entire idea of working robots you don't have to pay is just asinine. 




 I recently went to Vegas with my boyfriend, too. First ~adult vacation with no family. 

I had more savings than him, so I paid for the hotel, flight, and a Hoover Dam tour ($900 or so) and he paid for the food and pretty much everything while we were down  there. Drinks, aquarium, etc.

I thought that was reasonable, and I think your request is reasonable too.  




 I have two minis and even though they're small grooming usually costs upwards of $50 each.

I've cut one of them myself a few times. The first time she looked really good, but the second and third it was really choppy and if she was in school she definitely would've gotten teased. 

It's Summer and even though we're in the PNW it is freaking hot. I catch one of them sitting in front of the fan constantly and I know having shorter hair would make them feel better, I just don't want to screw up their hair.

Anyone have any tips on grooming yourself? A special kind of scissors or anything that makes it easier and look nicer? 




 Fast food places are the only places you'll have a chance. McDonald's might be more difficult, look into Dairy Queen, Wendy's -- smaller chains, or even just local restaurants.  




 I work retail and have to have customers sign on a digital screen and on a piece of actual paper occasionally.

People are idiots. Big ass box, people sign outside the box. Thick line, people sign at the top of the page, bottom of the page, anywhere but the line unless I point it out. 




 District 9 I believe 




 I live in WA and have heard of so many people getting fired or not getting hired for a job because they failed the drug test. 

Just because it's legal doesn't mean anything. Company policies aren't going to change. 




 Harvest time!

(At least in my house) 




