
























































































































































































 This article is not off topic, but if you like I can peruse the front page of r/politics and find several stories that you didn't remove because the person posting isn't under the same level of scrutiny as the articles I post. 




















































































 
This advice originates in long years of military training for hand-to-hand combat.  
  
1. There is no such thing as a "fair fight". That being said, avoid fighting all-together, but if that option is off the table, go for the opponents' soft spots and joints. This includes the eyes, throat, stomach, groin, knees, elbows, shoulders and feet. It only takes two pounds of pressure to snap a knee or elbow.  
  
2. Keep moving your feet, don't lock your knees, and watch your opponent's midsection because it will indicate where the next attack is coming. Stay on your feet but keep in mind that the goal is to neutralize your opponent and make them no longer a threat. The eyes and throat are prime targets because both areas are important to the average person. If your opponent is worried about losing an eye or the ability to breathe, he/she is more likely to disengage. 












































































































































































































 This submission is clearly about politics and if you're too obtuse to see that, please find another subreddit to moderate. 





















































































































































 r/politics mods do not appear to like my titles but there is nothing editorialized about this one. It came straight from the article and clearly represents the gist of the story. If the title is editorialized, then the entire article is also an editorial. 
































































































































































































































 This article is a good example of the reasons for not allowing the industry giants to decide on net neutrality laws. 






















































 The long list of things O'Reilly knows nothing about begins with history. Actually, he makes up the history as he goes. 


















































































































