









 His approval rating dipped below 30% when one of his measures to wipe out collective bargaining for public employees failed massively.  He dropped that and has been relatively quite and boring since. 




 He played the race card to Bill Cosby's race card.  It was in the news long ago.  SNL did a bit on it.  30 Rock alluded to it.  

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dzB8dTVALQI 




 It's depressing satire, though.  More people need to be raped to stop a high profile rapist. 







































 Nah.  Just downvote it all if you want.   




 ##FuckPointingFingers

How about a decent discussion on how poorly the UFC seems to treat it's employees and how bad this makes everyone involved look? 




 Sorry so sensitive 





























 It's called a joke.  Not a statement. 




 Mutually smart 




 It's bipartisan.  




 Lions are the only NFL team to lose money last year I think.

The popularity of the Fire Millen! chant was pretty amazing.   




 

Riding on the Sidewalk

Failure to have proper lights or reflectors

Failure to use and/or ride within available bike lanes

Failing to obey a traffic control device (red light tickets) 



























































 Already downvoted in less than a minute......

Here's the best part:
"Any time you're talking about massive investment of public resources, it ought to be treated in the same way that a venture capitalist would treat it," Kucinich said. "There's no business in the worldno bank, no venture capital fundthat would give money to an entity without asking for anything in return. Negotiate a position in the same way that a venture capitalist would. You become a partner, not simply someone who is playing Santa Claus with taxpayer money." 









 This was a shot at Coach K and himself, more than anything.  Duke puts out solid players, not superstars.  Phil needs superstars to make himself look good.  

 


















































































































 Reposts do that.   




 wiki "DeBartolo was involved in the corruption case of former Louisiana governor Edwin Edwards. DeBartolo pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to report a felony, and received a $1 million fine and two years of probation in return for his testimony against Edwards.[5] Edwards was on trial for extortion and other charges, among which were the $400,000 he demanded from DeBartolo to gain a river boat casino license.   DeBartolo never received the license, was fined by the NFL, and barred from active control of the 49ers for one year."

He lost control of the franchise shortly thereafter.
 



























































  He was also known for his lifelong use of alcohol and illegal drugs, his love of firearms, and his iconoclastic contempt for authoritarianism. He remarked: "I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me." 




 Dead jokes. 




















































































 It's odd there's no time penalty for this.  It was an equipment break in a race.  Racing is a panic.  

I don't think he really gained anything by it. 













































































































 Bang up job you're doing.
 





































































 Different cultures, cunt. 




 Deadspin isn't.  It's just an irreverent take on sports.  It's got a great sense of humor. 




 TMZ breaks news.  They do some shit unethically but so does the New York Times.  For the most part it's harmless fluff.  The people they talk to either want to talk or don't mind talking. 














 Standard shindie shit. 






























































































 Do they have sensors to tell you when they're slipping? 




 Or those backwards policy thingies. 




 It didn't really happen. 



















 You obviously didn't watch it.  Hopefully you downvoted it without doing so. 














