 thanks for understanding. I hope things turn around soon too
 




 I know what your thinking." your crazy, there no such thing as a sixth sense, your just setting up a scene for a ghost story." well, your wrong! some scientist have concluded that there are not only 6, but 7 senses that people have. Along side the usual five there is our sense of magnetic field, this is called magnetosphere, and there is also your sense of time which is called time perception. 

and as far as the set up for a ghost story your only partially correct (this is /r/nosleep so it is not too hard to figure that one out). you see, the story I wish to tell you today may be ghost related or alien related. it can be taken either way. maybe, just maybe, it has a little of both in it. 

I work with my father restoring old cars for rich people who want to wave those classic beauties in front of there rich friends. We go to there house and work on them there. we bring our tools and get our parts from a local junk yard. when we cant find what we need at the junkyard we post an ad on the internet for them. 

One day this old woman who lives in maycomb Alabama calls us up at our shop in new york. My father lived in Alabama for 5 years. it is where he learned to be a mechanic. So when this lady said that she has this 1937 Bugatti that she needs restoring my dad yelped "sweet home Alabama, here I come." 

this was no surprise considering the rarity of the car and how much she was willing to pay for its restoration. but it was odd that she would call us all the way up here to go all the way down there. why would she get us when there were plenty of people down there who could do it? well my question were quickly answered when we got there.

Who knew I had a rich great aunt that my dad had helped once before with a similar project?! my great aunt who we will call aunt joyce had a thing for cars. all her life she collected them with the money she got from her trading company. She wanted my dad to come down to tell him that he was going to inherit all of her cars, as long as he restores this one.

My father and me got started right away, with big smiles on our faces. She was a beauty for sure, but a little rusty. my father said that we were going to get started by taking it completely apart to see what is missing. and then we will clean up the frame and repaint it. from there we will start putting it back together again with as much of the original parts as possible. 

This is dragging along a little bit so I will go ahead and skip to where all the crazy started. when we took the car apart we found out we had ALOT of pieces we had to replace. but luckily my father knew a place here that would most definitely have the parts we needed. So he rushed over while I sanded down the frame for repaint. I sanded and sanded, on and on. I had finished sanding down the whole car frame. still no sign of my father. no sign of time passing at all actually. I know I had to have had been there for at least 6 hours it takes a LONG time to sand down a car, my Time perception told me that I have been working a long time. 

I left the garage that the car was stored and went looking for my father. I could not find him, or anyone for that matter. I decide that this 2 story mansion was to big for me to walk around looking for somebody. I would be more lucky to find someone if I stayed in one place, so I head back to the garage.

That's when I felt it. Something causing the hair on the back of my neck stand up. something that had a slight pull to it, without it touching me. I turned around and that's when I a saw it. a blurry figure standing in the front doorway of the garage. it was tall, very tall. at least 8 feet.

 the magnetic field that I felt coming off of it was strong. imagine rubbing a balloon in your hair and feeling it pull up your hair as you lifted it away, but times that by 1000. It was dragging me torward it.

 I got closer and closer with out me even trying to move. most people would run away, but something told me not to. that it would end badly if I struggled. I kept moving closer till I was right in front of it. even being face to face with it, it still was a blurry figure in front of me. It reached out its hand and placed it on my shoulder. that's when I blacked out.

I awoke in the garage on the floor. my dad was asleep in the corner, his head hung down like it was broken. seeing this I ran over to him to check on him. He opened his eyes and they lit up. He grabbed me and hugged me and asked where I had been. I did not know what to tell him. I did not tell him the truth because he would think I was crazy. I told him that after I was done sanding the car I went out looking for him and I fell in a hole where I blacked out.
 
He freaked out, because that seemed impossible. I had been gone a whole week. gone a whole week in a hole, my father thought that was crazy. If he knew what actually happened he might of put me in an insane asylum. 

my aunt joyce told my father that it was okay if we went home and that she will give him the cars anyway. mad dad gladly agreed and we went back home. since then my 6th and 7th sense have been completely absent. I know what your thinking, big deal right , no problem. it is a big deal though. since I have lost my senses I have had a harder time balancing myself, been sleeping longer, and had gone days without wanting to eat. I have also had to have some sort of way to tell time with me ALL the time. other wise I will lose myself in what I am doing. my dad had also noticed the change and had asked me to go to therapy but I refuse

most of us don't know we have two extra senses, but if they lost them they would. your whole life changes. it gives a new meaning to you don't know what you got till its gone. 




 the story jumps around a little to much towards the middle, and the formatting makes it slightly difficult to keep up.  




 i will read it. will recommend shortly
 




 that game is one of the best games ever. My parents have a hard time getting into games, especially my father. Paper Mario, need for speed underground, and burnout 3 are the only games my father has enjoyed. 




 you must be a fellow american 




 modern American here, Driving the native Americans out of there homes and making them walk the trail of tears which ended up killing thousands of them, hence the name trail of tears. 
We are told about what we did to the Indians in school, but we do not go into TOO MUCH detail about the trail of tears. 




 when I move out of my house im gonna leave behind something creepy as fuck, just for the gits and shiggles
 




 source this damn you! please
 




 XP 




 I need source PLEASE
 




 You know what the worst job in the world is? its working at a restaurant cleaning the damn dishes. I appreciate my principle getting me this job for me for the summer, but DAMN it SUCKS. The amount of dishes that this place uses in a day is unbelievable. I mean, I know this place is popular and all and there's about 200,000 people that live in this city, but for the love of god I cant stand to look at dirty dishes any more.

 What makes it even worse is my boss constantly gets on to me about how I don't wash the dishes right, that I always leave spots on the plates, or residue on the utensils. I honestly think he just hates me and needs something to complain about. The way he frowns at me with his porn star mustache curling down past his lower lip hanging just at the edge of his chin.  his blunt, yet blank stare making me feel like I am some kind of idiot that can not do anything right. It may be true that I miss a couple of spots on a plate or two, but when your going through thousands of dishes a day trying to get done as quickly as possible your going to make mistakes. He acts as if this job is easy and that anyone can do it. I guess from his prospective it might seem that way, he's never had to wash a single plate since this place open. but if he got off his fat ass and did some work around here he would know that nothing was easy around here... well except for his job of coarse. he does not even have to do his own paper work, he has a secretary for that.

 Any way, recently this job has gone from bad to worse. he has really been on my ass here lately and yesterday he told me he was going to test me. Watch me, no hover over me, while I did the dishes and said that if I make a mistake that I was fired. well, his lazy ass did not start the test till AFTER the store closed. which is the only time that I can get caught up. If I take my time and do my best work maybe he will get off my back for awhile. He watched and I took my time making sure I got every spot off of every dish and spoon. every one had left as I was finishing up, it was just me and him. as I was about to put up the last utensil, a large kitchen knife used to cut up the raw meat, he grabbed my wrist. He looked at it closely and instead of his usual frown that he wears when he sees something, a giant ugly shit eating grin spread across his face. the smile was horrendous, far worse then his grin. he looked as if he had just discovered the lost treasure of Atlantis and was already planning greedy shit he was about to do. " you almost passed the test, to bad there's a smudge of blood on this knife." he said gleefully. "seems you'll never  learn how to do the dishes."

I could not believe it, I almost fainted, but then I looked at the knife. He was right there was blood on the knife, not just a smudge either, there was a whole lot of it. so much so it was dripping down my wrist. it had also gotten all over the other dishes too. there was blood everywhere, all from this knife. I expected him to fire me right then in there but his lazy ass just laid in the floor bleeding to death. I had enough at this point, his lazy good for nothing ass could not even croak up "your fired". instead he just kept spatting out globs of blood. so I told him I quit. I was tired of it. I hated him and I hated that job. but he was right about one thing, I guess ill never learn how to do the dishes. 




 Source this damn you! Pls 




 i was listening to some electronic music when I read this and as I read the last two sentences the song went quite and when I finished the beat dropped. goose bumps man it was perfect
 




