




 Ballsy.... but not that funny. 




 Much useful. 




 Before watching video: let me guess, he is black.

After watching video: confirmed 
 




 The research they have done that supports this idea is flawed. Once you begin to move these families on a large scale, you are lottery just moving the poor neighborhood into another neighborhood.

 




 Racism has nothing to do with the civil war. Well, that isn't entirely true, but you are making it seem like the north was against slavery, and the South was for it.

The north only freed the SOUTHERN slaves, so Britain couldn't side with the south for moral reasons. In fact, slaves in the border and northern states were still slaves. It wasn't until the 13th amendment that slaves were considered free.
 




 Actually, I am trying to comprehend why someone would write something so full of shi-- oh! Let's shout racism again! 




 This pic old af. This means they are doing something more advanced now.  




 This is so full of shit, Idk where to start. 




 It's an old pic which tons of stories have been made up about. 




 Great! Now you done have to play this shirt game anymore. PS2 isn't what it used to be.... 




 Ur late! 




 "Paint" 




 But.... there aren't even 27 million black people alive! 




 U can boost to pretty much all these locations  




 You can use all weapons in competitive games. However, with many it isn't pheasible because of the cost. Low cost weapons are usually the best way to go, so if your economy isn't so good, you are still able to play with cheap weapons since you practiced with them. 




 Play DM with weapons that's you can use in comps. Ak, m4, tec 9, five seven, usps, glock, etc. An smg or 2 wouldn't hurt either.

Once your aim is on point, play a few M to see where you are stand I ng, your fall point will likely be your game sense. 

To improve gamesense, you need to analyze how you and others play. You also need to know what your are looking for, which many people dont. Watch this:https://youtu.be/AyuJ7pIgCbM

That should help a bit.
 




 Lost reference?  




 No 




 Dumbest shit I've heard... That's like saying "you have freedom of speech in North Korea." Simply because the consequence of speaking out is death. 




 Mindless eating. You can be thinking about how bad it is for you to eat something as you proceed to eat it. Wish I had your problem haha. 




 Inb4ConspiracyTheory: Vehicles OP and will be removed in next update. 




 By far the dumbest thing I have read in this sub... this isn't a LPT, it's common sense. 




 That is straight up awesome! 




 no.exe 




 We must therefore work to ensure trains have a higher safety rating when colliding with said idiot's car. 




 Nope, u make a fair point. 




 Thanks for pointing out a flaw in my argument. I haven't played much BF, and most of what I remember from it is higher bullet precision. 




 That isn't as good of an analogy TBH, there isn't anything wrong with sterioids -- unless OFC you don't mind cutting a few years off your life. 




 I don't really see a problem with that. Although it is cheap-ish, he is still providing entertaining videos, and server management is approving of it. In CS:GO, he is doing something completely different -- not that he didn't cheat in DayZ either; when he goes and Bhops in CS:GO using scripts, no one approves of his behavior(apart from fanbois OFC). 




 BF and CSGO are nothing alike. In BF, wherever you put your crosshair is where the bullets will go. In CSGO, your bullets spray all over the damn place :P 




 Tried it out and it was interesting to say the least. At one point my thrust broke, and I could only rely on vertical thrust to fly around haha. 

It feels very strange, especially having such a high sensitivity to your mouse movements, when compared to PS2. Flying doesn't feel much like Planetside, except for the controls I guess. It is a little too responsive, and you can fly backwards for ages if you just turn around.

Nice attempt, and I am sure that you could fix the issues if you put some more time into it. :D 




 Can't dispute that. 




 ...Airplanes don't run on windows  




 And "also, guns" was where you went full retard. 

Most serial killers don't use guns you ignorant shit. 




 .....Really? Just now? What other reason would they ask for your location? 




 Took you long enough.... 




 Ironically, America isn't a country.... 




 Are you sure the wires are actually connected inside the connector? 




 Not always... 




 Yeah, I guess it is kinda surprising. 




 Planetside... classic. Loved before I realized how many nerfs the community called for.

So the flight model is designed for use with joystick? 




 Okay? What's the big deal? 




