












































 No, that's not what they're calling austerity. 



























































 Congratulations! You are an inspiration!  


































 You look fantastic! I'm still avoiding photos but you are an inspiration! Congrats! 









 Reporter stumbled across the meeting while on vacation with his family,and Koch lobbyist got him thrown out of the resort. 














 You look great! Congratulations! 













































































































 I'm back starting over after a grand total of 5 pounds lost and regained on round one. I'm 61, much older than most folks here, and at 5'6" am weighing in at 202. I have put on the weight gradually over the years. I tend to be sedentary and am a stress eater. My goal is 150, using My Fitness Pal and aiming to walk 10,000 steps a day with a tracker. 




 Thank you! 




 I had a bad spell a couple of years ago and ended up going to physical therapy for it. They told me that freezing one of those ridged Ice Mountain water bottles and rolling that under your foot for about five minutes a couple of times a day is helpful, as is spreading and then relaxing the toes on the foot, also for five minutes or so a couple of times a day. I agree that getting lighter is probably the ultimate fix! 



















 Wow, what a noticeable difference, and in only a month! Congratulations! Do you mind if I ask what your daily calorie allotment is? 




 What are you doing for the plantar fasciitis? I had it a few years ago. 




 You're right, that is their standard response -- that and saying that the tax cuts didn't work because they just weren't deep enough. 

















































 Is there a dietician associated with the practice that's treating your dad? Or one his doctor can refer you to? That might be one source of advice. 














 Irrational wouldn't bother me as much as the ideological bias I see. Seems like right-leaning mods have managed to ban all posts from certain publications, and now they are also going after posts that are unfavorable towards Republicans from their list of allowed publications, using laughably inappropriate rationales. 

Pretty ironic for a political forum. 




 This post has been banned from r/Politics, supposedly because Giuliani is a "private citizen" (He's not, he's a public figure) and the column is just nasty old gossip (It's not, it's all on the public record).  




 Here's the mod reply I got when I asked why it was being censored: 

from hoosakiwi[M] via /r/politics/ sent 45 minutes ago
"The entire post is about a private citizen and his statements about Obama. More than half of it is about the personal life of that private citizen (Mr. Guiliani). It is not explicitly political and at best could be seen as a gossip article."

Here is my reply to the mod: 

Mr Giuliani is a public figure. He is still referred to as "Mayor Giuliani" and he tried to win the Republican presidential nomination in 2008. He made the remarks about Obama's lack of love of country in a speech to a political gathering, and the remarks were widely reported by the media. If Giuliani wants to be regarded as a private citizen, maybe he should not speak at political gatherings about political figures, then follow up by talking to the press about it.
In addition, all of the facts in the article you censored are a matter of public record.
Do the mods have a system of checks and balances or is one mod's decision final? This is pretty clearly an attempt to shield Giuliani.
P.S. Learn to spell the name of the "private citizen" you're trying to protect.

 




 You had a pretty face before as well, but now you're a stunner! Congratulations! 




 Yes, somehow not knowing my calorie count with WW always bugs me and the fruits especially can add up. Thanks for your reply, and congratulations on doing a fabulous job! 




 This is obviously censorship on the part of the mods -- happening more and more. Message them bit don't expect a change of mind. 




 You are adorable. One question: how did you do both WW points and MFP? I tried that for awhile and it drove me crazy. Recently dropped WW and trying just MFP alone.  









 Here's a good analysis of what the threats against Rome actually mean: 
http://www.theatlantic.com/features/archive/2015/02/what-isis-really-wants/384980/ 














 "Guess it's out with the pointless "healthy" ready meals and back in with elbow grease and proper food!"

Yeah, I come back to that conclusion every time I try the prepackaged stuff for awhile. I also tend to get less tired of the homemade dinners, even if I repeat them often, than I do with the frozen stuff, much of which tastes kind of the same. 




 I think it will turn out to be more complicated than that. 




 Really interesting study -- thank you for posting. 




 People in Montana aren't required to get malaria shots because unless they leave the country they don't get malaria. You include a quote saying that epidemiological studies show that Hep B can be transmitted in daycare. It can also be transmitted from pregnant women to their children, or from close contact in the home.

Hep B in its chronic stage can be symptom-free and can go undetected for decades. Has every parent and daycare worker been tested for it?The Hep B vaccine is safe. It gives immunity for 20-30 years and possibly for life. The consequences of getting the disease are extremely serious. Risk-benefit analysis would seem to indicate that the Hep B vaccinations are a reasonable solution to a threat to public health. 

 




 None of the situations you mention is the same as needlessly spreading a very communicable disease to a vulnerable population such as infants or the immunocompromised. The line should actually be drawn not at smoking outside in my vicinity, or at coughing or having the flu, but at putting others at risk of catching an extremely contagious disease that can bring serious complications or even death to vulnerable individuals -- a disease that would be virtually nonexistent in this country if people would resume vaccination at the rate they vaccinated 15 years ago.

Vaccinations -- and the isolation of those with communicable illnesses -- are not a new idea. Ever hear of leper colonies? Modern medicine has come up with vaccinations, so isolation is not needed much anymore -- unless you refuse to partake, and in that case civil society has the right to protect its members from preventable risks. Here's an article about the legal history of compelling vaccinations in our country from the current online Atlantic:

http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2015/02/cowpox-and-the-constitution/385245/ 














 Funny! That's just how I feel! 
























 The context is the current MMR vaccine, and the Disney outbreak. Measles is much more easily communicated than the other diseases you keep bringing into the discussion. In logic and debate, changing the terms of a discussion is known as a "red herring." People use it when they can't make a legitimate counter-argument on the actual subject under discussion. 




 Again, the context of this discussion is the MMR vaccine. You keep trying to change the subject. 









 Kids -- and adults -- who are not vaccinated do constitute a public health risk, as the Disneyland case shows. 




 People with AIDS don't pose any danger to the public, and I don't think they are being referred to in the current debate about the MMR vaccine, are they? Although I suppose if they have an impaired immune system, they themselves are endangered by exposure to unvaccinated people -- all the more reason to worry about those unvaccinated people being in public places.  




 AIDS is much less easily communicable than measles. Who said anything about AIDS? Is there a vaccine for AIDS? Are you able to follow an argument? 




 @FlowCannon -- A parent's decision not to vaccinate impacts those in the community who cannot be vaccinated -- infants under one and people getting chemotherapy, for example. I'm okay with people having the freedom to not vaccinate, but then they will need to give up sharing public space with other people, whom they are putting at risk. 




 @WowLucky -- A parent's decision not to vaccinate impacts those in the community who cannot be vaccinated -- infants under one and people getting chemotherapy, for example. I'm okay with people having the freedom to not vaccinate, but then they will need to give up sharing public space with other people, whom they are putting at risk. 




 @planetofjunk -- A parent's decision not to vaccinate impacts those in the community who cannot be vaccinated -- infants under one and people getting chemotherapy, for example. I'm okay with people having the freedom to not vaccinate, but then they will need to give up sharing public space with other people, whom they are putting at risk.   




 But people should be required to have their children vaccinated if they want them to go to school, travel, or sit in the waiting room of a pediatrician's office with other children. 




 I thought the exact same thing, Eliot_2000. He isn't ignorant, he's an opportunistic, cynical liar who is indifferent to the harm caused by his pandering to the stupid. 




 @Fuzzymuscles -- Infants under one year of age are too young to be vaccinated. People who have compromised immune systems, like those who are getting chemotherapy for cancer, can't get vaccinations either. 

These groups depend on "herd immunity," which is produced when a high percentage of the general public is vaccinated. If more than 95% of a community is vaccinated, the unvaccinated people are very unlikely to be exposed to the disease. 

So by having your kids vaccinated, you are protecting those in your community who can't be vaccinated -- the very young and the very sick. These are the two groups that would also get the most seriously ill if they got the disease, whether it's measles or whooping cough or whatever. Also, vaccinations are not 100% effective, so even a few vaccinated people can end up with the disease if they are exposed to it.

So those people who refuse to vaccinate their kids are not only putting their own kids' health at risk. They are also putting other people's kids (or older relatives with immune problems) at risk too. 

It's a public health issue.
 


































 Very broad interpretation of what is off-topic. Speaker of the House invites foreign head of state to speak, cuts president out of the process. How is that not US politics? 




 Really hard to find a publication that has your take on the matter, eh? 









 I honestly don't know. I put it out there because the banning of five female editors by an overwhelmingly male arbitration board seemed concerning to me. Please feel free to post opposing views of the situation.

There is an article in The Guardian that may be more even-handed. I'll post that. 














 So what is rehosted about this article, mr mod? 




 Conservative mods got MJ banned awhile back. It has nothing to do with rehosted content, really, as you can see from the lack of links or attribution to any other original "host" of the story in the MJ piece -- the publication is just too liberal for the mods. Same with Salon. 














 Well, it was a couple, I think. 




 As you say, testing is a very personal decision. Congratulations on the birth of your son! 





































































 Great job! Congrats! 




 Obamacare has brought health care costs down. 









