  Did the Pew study rank AGW among other concerns?

Yes, didn't you read it? [Here is a nice interactive summary graph.](http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/ng-interactive/2015/jul/17/interactive-whats-the-world-scared-of)

Did you say "substantial cuts" or did you say, "all 97 national scientific academies have formally endorsed IPCC Assessment Report 5, which plainly says that we have 27 years to quit fossil fuels at present trend, and that means all fossil fuels."?

I quoted the text, which says that *in order to have a 66% probability of meeting the 2C threshold* the CO2eq limit is a trillion tons. And, yes, I realize that various groups are in hot debate over whether we have 485gt or 390t or 355gt left to burn, but the IPCC is on the conservative end of that spectrum. 

I'm saying government bans of oil are very unlikely, and you are supporting that by saying they don't lead, they slowly respond.

I'm saying that political will is building, but don't look for it in the halls of Congress; it's in the electorate. Just remember that the electorate is not very well represented, because the Constitution apportions far more voting power to less populous states. The most climate-concerned are concentrated in larger cities and larger states, which are also where the fossil fuels are; each voter in coal-rich Wyoming has nearly twenty times the voice in the Senate as a voter in climate-concerned California. We are also unique among rich nations in the way we allow moneyed interests to dominate television political programming and political advertising, so advantage fossil fuels biz.

Yes, we are agreed that it will be replaced. I just think the road to replacement is long enough that we won't see governments banning them in a couple of decades.

I never said I expected this to happen in a couple of decades! A better estimate would be 30-60 years.  




 Both towns are effectively doing the same thing. 




  The study I cited was from the UN and was scientific. Please don't embarrass yourself by pretending you read the methodology.

I'm afraid it's my turn to be pedantic, because there is *nothing* scientific or weighted about this voluntary online survey. Read its disclaimer: "Use the MY World data as trends rather than as evidence, as they may not be statistically significant or representative." For example, did you notice that 80% of respondents are under age 30? Or did you see the gender skew, or the geographic ones? I'll go with the recent Pew study instead, thanks.

AR5 made no such statement. They use the RCP (relative concentration pathways) framework, and they make no statement about what combination of mitigation and/or adaptation should be used.

From the WGIII Summary: "Scenarios reaching atmospheric concentration levels of about 450 ppm CO2eq by 2100 (consistent with a likely chance to keep temperature change below 2 C relative to pre-industrial levels) include substantial cuts in anthropogenic GHG emissions by mid-century through large-scale changes in energy systems and potentially land use (high confidence). Scenarios reaching these concentrations by 2100 are characterized by lower global GHG emissions in 2050 than in 2010, 40 % to 70 % lower globally16, and emissions levels near zero GtCO2eq or below in 2100."

Being a conservative IPCC product blessed by the world's leading oil nations before publication, the report also omits known potential large feedback forcings such as methane hydrates. Crazy but true.

your desire to see those things become a reality doesn't mean governments are ready to do those things.

Governments almost never lead. They respond, and slowly. China excepted. 

If we invest in all the alternatives you suggest, to the point that they become cheaper than fossil fuels, there is still use for them as feedstocks for fertilizer, petrochemicals, etc.

Of course. Let me whisper one important word in your ear: "plastics!" Honestly, it will be a great business to be in when it becomes the primary market for oil and gas sellers.

The public is tired of all the cries of "the sky is falling!" They are willing to do their part, but they just don't respond any more. This was already true six years ago when researchers started to report on Apocalypse Fatigue

There is some truth to this, but much also has to do with the public's mistaken sense that we lack solutions--an attitude that is carefully cultivated by the largest industry that has ever existed, whose products will lose value as alternatives become clear.

I've been following energy research for years now and have found nothing that does everything oil does.

No single thing does everything oil does, nor will. Instead, a combination of many energy sources and methods will replace oil. You seem informed enough to know what they will be. 




 




 We all know that Miami, New Orleans, Mumbai and Rotterdam are future scuba attractions, but this study suggests that nearly *every* port city may join them beneath the waves within a few decades unless we decarbonize in a hurry. 




 Keegan's *A History of Warfare* and *The Mask of Command* both qualify. Loved them both. 




 True, to the best of my knowledge, no national academies have actually called the threat existential (although plenty of their fellows have). They dont need to. When a normally restrained, stiffly phlegmatic national academy uses words like very serious or grave, they may as well say its time for us all to update our wills.

One thing is certain: all 97 national scientific academies have formally endorsed IPCC Assessment Report 5, which plainly says that we have 27 years to quit fossil fuels at present trend, and that means all fossil fuels. The alternative is to run unacceptable risks with millions of lives, with the global economy, and potentially with civilization itself. Although I doubt that we'll make the 27 year deadline, we certainly won't stretch it out to the 85 years that the G-7 leaders just agreed to. 

Oil alternatives exist now and theyll be far cheaper in years to come. The total cost of decarbonization is credibly estimated at 0.1% of the global economic growth rate, maybe shaving the forecasted 3% growth rate to 2.9%, so there is literally no excuse for delay. We should be massively building out renewable and nuclear power, putting a high and rising price on carbon, investing in energy efficiency at every level, and crafting government policies to encourage urban living. Soon after, all fossil fuels will almost certainly be outlawed by global agreement, and they will be outlawed first in the nations most responsible for the past 150 years of carbon pollution. That would be us. If I had to guess, I would say these bans begin around 2050, assuming that the world makes some major cuts long before then.

The kicker is the strong likelihood that even more alarming evidence of risks will emerge in coming years. For example, something like [this just-released blue ribbon study](http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/energy-environment/wp/2015/07/20/the-worlds-most-famous-climate-scientist-just-outlined-an-alarming-scenario-for-our-planets-future/), which suggests that our grandchildren may be in for vastly higher costs than we knew. We should be prepared for more revelations like this, and even worse.

Is the public ready for this? Globally, yes (and please dont cite another non-scientific online poll to claim otherwise). Americans, Canadians, Aussies and Saudis are among the only true foot-draggers left, but even in these countries the political will to address the climate mess is rapidly growing--as it must.
 




 Is this offer for all of Romania or just Transylvania? 
























 "Hey, you, the troublemaker with the protest sign...you look a little too likely to become radicalized for our taste, so get in the truck".

Crikey.  














 This. Is. Huge. 

Low-wage workers are routinely jerked around by disorganized, uncaring employers who demand that employees be available at virtually any time, leaving them no way to schedule other work, school or family needs. It's not uncommon for employees to be suddenly called in for work on short notice, and then, after dropping everything to suit up and get to the job, to be told they aren't needed after all. 

This has to stop. Lousy, unreliable jobs like these comprise a larger and larger share of employment opportunities.  














 ...for one day. 




 The oil ban is decades away, but I have no doubt that it is inevitable. According to *every* national scientific academy, and the IPCC, and any climatologist one can find, our only choice is the existential one. The risk of igniting a runaway warming excursion is simply too great, and the potential costs of that too devastating. We are risking many millions of lives, and even, potentially, putting civilization itself on the ropes. Against that, quitting oil is a tiny price to pay. Other options do exist and will improve over this period.

On public opinion, your vision needs to extend beyond the United States (forgive my presumption, but you sound American). World opinion on climate is much different than American, as [this new study](http://www.efe.com/efe/english/technology/pew-research-center-says-climate-change-biggest-global-concern/50000267-2665247) shows.

For a preview of coming attractions in the oil biz, look at the stock performance of the largest U.S. coal company over the past five years: BTU share price plunged 98%--including a 12% drop just *today*. If you're in oil, not to put too fine a point on it, GTFO. 




 Good article, and thanks for posting, but on GMOs I'll have to go with the vast majority of scientists who say there is no evidence of their widespread harm as foods. 




 Baby steps. Breaking up the largest banks would do far more good, faster, than any indirect effort to "encourage smaller banks" through reserve rules. 




 Plague and aging tend to be inversely related. 




 How old are you, and do you need the money soon? If you're young, putting away life savings, an aggressive fund or two may be the way to go. You have time to ride the rises and falls.

By their blended nature, lifecycle funds are all pretty conservative. 



















 Well, no; if you drive SUVs and live in a sprawling, inefficient detached home miles from work and stores, you cannot claim to be "green" under any circumstances. Even EVs won't solve the larger problem, which is the overall inefficiency of far-flung living. To beat this, we have to live closer together, especially in places like the US, Canada and Australia.

If we had a hundred years to make the switch to clean energy, this wouldn't be hard to pull off, but we don't have anything near that long. This requires major changes that only government can handle, and it means destroying the largest, most powerful industry that has ever existed. All starting yesterday. 




 Carbon regulations are "subjective"? I don't think so; they are simple math. All national scientific academies agree that we must cap cumulative emissions at one trillion tons to stay within the 2C warming threshold that provides a good chance of livability, which means phasing out fossil fuels entirely within 25-60 years, depending on when we begin and how fast we transition. Period. 

However, I take your wider point, that Americans are more likely to support expanding freedoms than restricting them, even if the restrictions are tiny. Still, as we awaken to the stakes here, I'm sure we'll do the right thing, and the author is right to say that change will come in a wave.

I love Washington's attempt to pass a carbon price, offsetting it with sales tax cuts. That's smart and balanced, and, along with efforts in California, could easily spread nationwide, although probably offsetting the tax by returning revenues to citizens through dividends. 




 Why would an A.I. care about self preservation?  




 McKibben's science and current economic assessment are on the money. So is the idea that warming will cause broad and diffuse obstacles to the global economy, which may be headed for a major fall. He might also have put more attention to the effects of rising warfare in a world like that. 

Still, it's probably unlikely that this crisis would lead to McKibben's hippie dream of a peaceful, decentralized global economy of home gardeners and bloggers. Capitalism at scale will probably survive and revive...or the world may indeed decentralize--into poverty, death and constant war. For more on the economic consequences, from actual economists, read William Nordhaus for optimistic scenarios or Nicholas Stern for pessimistic ones (and read Martin Weitzman no matter what). 




 I think Fareed's point is that concern over job prospects has driven the flight to STEM, but at the expense of national competitiveness. To a certain degree he's right, although the privileged kids who are likely to start blockbuster tech companies are probably getting plenty of high-quality humanities education no matter what. Think of Zuckerberg at Harvard or Jobs studying calligraphy at Reed. 
 




 Yeah, it wasn't hard to see how unpopular this idea would be with redditors.  




 No doubt you're right about the easy availability of the world's cheapest oil, but I believe the Saudis and Emirates are also preparing for the banning of oil as fuel, which will occur over coming decades. That is why they are selling it even more cheaply, and why they are building out alternatives like solar. As the world awakens to the depth of the climate crisis and gets serious about switching energy, oil will crash just as coal already has, and for similar reasons. No one knows this better than the Persian Gulf states. 




 Damn. Was hoping not to see this conclusion...

Can meat be sustainable? The answer, based on the evidence I was able to assemble, seems to be: Yes, but only in moderation. And because we are currently eating so much meat, those who give it up altogether are probably making the most environmentally friendly choice of all. 




 Dutch elm?  




 The global oil biz takes care of its own. 




 I think of it more like discovering that smoking has weakened your heart, and you'll die unless you quit. A weak heart doesn't mean the end of life, however; it just means that you'll have to 1) live with medication, 2) deal with bouts of weakness, 3) never smoke again. 




 Desal is incredibly energy intensive, and the Saudis are trying to liquidate their oil reserves before climate regulations reduce their value. 




 The last thing any company wants to do is to invest in products that cannibalize the core line of business, especially if that means stepping into gigantic fields that are already full of big competitors. Simply put, the oilcos have chosen not to compete with General Electric, Siemens, Emerson, Sunpower and the like. Rather than compete in the electrical space, they've decided to stick to their knitting with chemical energy, mostly by betting that natgas will solve their problems for the next fifty years. Companies like Shell are also doing some work in biofuels.  

I think this is both stupid and immoral, given that the scientific consensus says we must quit carbon fuels in 27 years at present trend, and that biofuels have very limited potential, but no one ever accused oil execs of being the sharpest knives in the drawer. 




 Hello once more, global warming. We'll meet again, don't know where, don't know when... 
























 Really, Brad? Improving chicken farming is your cause?  




 Americans worry about anything foreign. Our greatest weakness, as history repeatedly shows, is our inability to worry about Americans. 




 The Keeling curve's blips are annual. Because most of the Earth's land and vegetation is in the Northern Hemisphere, global CO2 falls when it's summer here. The plants gobble it up. 




 We can stop making it worse, can't we? There's a huge difference between a 2C warmer world in which civilization survives, and a 4-6C warmer world where all bets are off. 




 http://www.epa.gov/cleanenergy/energy-resources/calculator.html 




 I don't know about yours, but my usually-awesome local ski season was absent without leave last winter. 




 It isn't local, but Google "before and after" photos of mountain glaciers. Most have dramatically shrunk in the past century. 




 The US East was the planet's largest major cold anomaly last winter; almost everywhere else was unseasonably mild. The U.S. West Coast was weirdly warm and dry, and now it's burning. 




 Wow, an actual Norwegian in the house. My apologies if it sounded as if I called all your countrymen drunks and oil roughnecks. I'm sure they aren't all oil roughnecks.  




 Thanks, and that's funny: I thought I was the only English speaker on the planet bothered at the way "chauvinism" has been monopolized by feminists. I feel so much less alone now! 
























 Just as we have generations of data showing that efforts to break the spirt of enemy populations by bombing their cities almost always fails, and often unites the very people one is trying to defeat. 

If anyone threatened my family with random attacks from the sky, I'd join the fight against them, too. 




 It's fantasy to think that we'll someday hold Republicans accountable for their climate science denial. They're already old, their worst deniers are older still, and they know that the public has a short memory anyway.  




 1998 actually, but you're definitely right about the cherry picking. 




 The instrument record extends to about 1880. However, reliable proxy data goes back millions of years. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geologic_temperature_record 




 Doesn't it actually work in both senses: extreme nationalism and prejudice against groups of any kind other than one's own? 




 1) The US caused the problem [far more](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fe/Cumulative_energy-related_carbon_dioxide_emissions_between_1850-2005_for_different_countries.png) than any other nation did. 

2) On a per capita basis, Americans each emit more than [three times as much carbon pollution as Chinese](http://www.economicshelp.org/wp-content/uploads/blog-uploads/2012/11/list-countries-co2-per-capita.png), and more than twice as much as Europeans. Together with Aussies, Canadians and Persian Gulf nationals, Americans are still the world's worst polluters.

3) China is now making huge strides to control its horrible pollution problem, leading the world in installation of carbon-free energy, taxing carbon, beginning to take a positive role in global climate negotiations. They have far to go, but they've made quite a start in the past five years.

4) US "progress" is due to the rise of gas, which is [leaking so much unaccounted methane](http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/leaky-methane-makes-natural-gas-bad-for-global-warming/) into the atmosphere that the claim to vast emissions cuts is a huge lie.
 




 Europeans each emit less than half as much carbon pollution as Americans do.

http://www.economicshelp.org/wp-content/uploads/blog-uploads/2012/11/list-countries-co2-per-capita.png 




 Same thing with the long, successful fight to ban ozone-destroying CFCs. There, too, industry predicted economic disaster if we enacted regulations, yet somehow we survived without a scratch--and recent studies say the consequences of damage to atmospheric ozone would have been even worse than we knew. 




 Half of Norway works for the oil industry, and the other half sells them drinks.  




 Poor food options and bad habits. The poor eat more starch and sugar, drink more soda pop, get less cardio exercise. Good groceries are harder to find in poor neighborhoods, outdoor exercise in the evening may be less safe there, the poor more often lack personal discipline, etc..  




 I saw a Senator with a snowball once. You must be right. 






















































 The GOP is caught in one helluva bind. Nothing motivates their base as much as bigotry and chauvinism do, yet the party is doomed until it can attract more Hispanics, blacks and women. 

It's not as if they didn't see this dead-end coming. 




 Military standards now often prevent many from enlisting because a larger share of the poorer half don't meet educational requirements, or have weight problems or drug issues, or a criminal record. The result is that present military demographics are more upscale than they once were. 

My observations may be anecdotal, but I sure know poorish, small-town kids who'd *like* to join the Air Force or Navy, but who can't for some combination of the reasons above. 




 [This may help as well.](http://www.eesi.org/files/climate.pdf) 

The article at issue breaks "electricity" and "commercial   residential" into two categories, when really they are one because 70% of electricity is used in buildings, especially for air conditioning, water heating and appliances. 














 Amazing how fast this rumor caught fire among US far-righties, whom I heard guffawing over it the very day the research came out. Thanks once more for the firehose of bullshit, Fox News. 




 Based on the sea of gray hair I see at most climate rallies, I'd say we already have this segment aboard. 




 Well, around 75 percent of the fossil fuels industry is nationalized, so we'd have to begin by buying out Saudi Arabia, Russia, Iran, China, Brazil, Indonesia and Nigeria. And, in truth, that may be what some of those countries are hoping for. 




 In the US, all agriculture accounts for only [9% of greenhouse gas emissions](http://www.epa.gov/climatechange/ghgemissions/sources/agriculture.html), while globally the figure is around 12%. Some isolated studies claim much higher figures, up to about 33%, but those appear to be biased. Both in the US and worldwide, the largest emissions source is the heating and cooling of buildings; second-largest is transportation. 




 Unless the revenues return to citizens, the tax won't survive and escalate for long. Give the revenues to the poor and the rich will kill it; give the revenues to the rich and the poor will kill it; but give the revenue back to all, and most will continue to support it. 




 The one we have is Nike HQ. Seems pretty healthy, but appearances deceive. 




 Unsaid: obesity is especially high among low-income and rural folk who are most likely to enlist, so it's a double whammy. Then add the *other* disqualifiers mentioned...

lack of adequate education, a criminal history or drug use. All those put together mean that 71 percent of Kansans are ineligible for military service

In other words, it sounds as if *most* of those in the demographic segments where the military draws most of its enlisted personnel are now ineligible to enlist.  
























 With better, cheaper batteries they can, and those are on the way--along with solar panels multiples cheaper than today's. 




  Solar isn't the only option though, wind and hydro energy could be very promising for the US.

The US is maxed out for politically acceptable hydro, as are Europe and Japan, but the developing world is still full of opportunities. 




 Nuclear, wind, solar, hydro, biomass...

The energy system we need is as simple as ABC: Anything But Carbon. 

Gas doesn't qualify. Not even close. 




 Better Kardashian than their previous cover featuring Tsarnaev, the Boston bomber. 




 Not just the GOP. Studies show that in *every* country, it's hatred and mistrust of foreigners that most unites conservatives. We 'Merkins just take it a step further, invading and occupying any country that makes us nervous. 




 I'd just love to see one of these conventions hosted by their actual funding organizations--Koch Industries, Exxon, Suncor, the American Petroleum Institute--rather than by their front groups like Heartland and Friends of Science. 




 So much for that petrostate thing.  




 Only around cities and crowded bike paths. On the backwoods routes where I spend much of my time, a stranger appearing on my wheel without so much as a "howdy" is downright creepy.  




 Immigration? Naw, Americans just want to feel superior again, even if it means following a flag-waving clown. 




 If Trump can't manage a small campaign communications team well enough to prevent botches like this, I'll pass on letting him run the country. 




 Venting and leakage are two separate problems, and leakage is the larger one. There's debate about where all the gas is leaking, but much seems to be from poorly cased wells where gas flows up the *outside* of the borehole, while in other cases the local rocks just easily leak gas when disturbed. Almost none of this is deliberate, and even less is monitored.

http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2014/09/15/study-bad-fracking-techniques-let-methane-flow-into-drinking-water/ 




 Do I have this right: the leak rate is 1.5 times the previous EPA estimate of 2.4%, so it's really 3.6%? And the cutoff point for benefits from switching to gas is a maximum leak rate of 3.2%, so the gas business is actually *increasing* our carbon footprint?  




 We are in an "interglacial period". A long summer between ice ages. 

Polar ice has been around for about 30 million years, as the climate has gradually cooled due to the rise of the Himalayas leading to increased weathering of rock, which sequesters carbon. By contrast, ice ages come and go every 100,000 years due to the Earth's orbital cycle. 




 Don't drive so much or you'll spend most of your time and money doing so. I'd drive the West Coast seeing cities and national parks, then fly to New York for a week, then maybe drive down to DC. Maybe finish with another flight to New Orleans and a drive over to Austin to see music in both cities. 

Yosemite, Crater Lake and Mt. Rainier are not to be missed, especially if you enjoy hiking. Hit the rugged coasts: drive California's Big Sur and the northern half of the Oregon Coast, staying in small beachside motels or campgrounds. 


 









 http://www.cnn.com/2013/11/03/world/nuclear-energy-climate-change-scientists-letter/ 




 Most global surveys show that attitude is pretty limited to the US, Canada and Australia.  




 Not a *very* protracted timetable, however. Carbon pollution has already brought us crop failures, record hurricanes, the Arab Spring revolts and the Syrian mess. Severe droughts are beginning to plague the expanding subtropics with increasing frequency. It's on.  




 Unless we stop the madness, which I'm reasonably sure we will do. Decarbonization is relatively cheap and easy. All we lack is political will, and that is about to change. 




 Well, the climate *has* swung through changes in the past, and we know why--which is how we know that we are responsible for this particular warming swing. Watching a rerun of the PETM in fast motion is indeed terrifying.   




 Not that simple, unfortunately. *Cumulative* emissions matter as much as *present* emissions because the carbon pollution now warming the biosphere was put there over the past 150 years, not just now. By that measure, Americans and Europeans are responsible for most of the problem *and* Americans still each pollute at nearly triple the rate of Chinese. 




 Call it all "carbon-free energy", then. Many leading scientists working on climate agree that nuclear must be part of our solution, and very few disagree. 




 Thanks for posting this. Yeah, I think we're coming to terms with the fact that carbon pricing will delay the outlawing of fossil fuels, but it won't eliminate the need. 




 You mean the photos of women riding on detached urban cycle paths? I think you'd have trouble finding *any* cyclists wearing helmets in downtown Copenhagen. You simply don't need them in a place where bikes move at a stately 10 mph, separated from traffic and pedestrians. 




 It amazes me to see how fast and far this crazy conspiracy rumor has traveled. I've heard deeply conservative folk agonizing over this 1,500 miles from Texas, speculating that this will be a Federal takeover of Texas followed by a UN takeover of the US government. The nut bone is connected to the whacko bone... 




 A rather isolated study. Solar activity is already remarkably low, yet temps continue rising in accordance with IPCC forecasts. 




 Already jailed them.  




 I don't know about you, but my mortgage broker nearly busted a vein trying to sell me a fraudulent mortgage in 2006. "Think of the house you could buy! The trips you could take! The investment properties you could acquire!"

I can only imagine the enticements Goldman mentioned in conversations with Greek leaders. 














 We agree. I simply mean that individuals all have the capacity to improve the world, and rich individuals can obviously do more, but no individuals can do as much as governments can. Collaboration counts. 














 Yes, they controlled for income. However, we probably don't need a study to tell us that. Take any two neighborhoods of similar socioeconomic status, one with trees and one without, and, more often than not, you'll probably find residents generally happier and healthier in the treed area. 

And no neighborhoods are more depressing than ghettos without a tree in sight. 




 Plenty of cities do have tree planting subsidies worth looking for. I've gotten scores of beautiful, big trees at no cost for neighborhood tree plantings. 




 They controlled for wealth. 




 Yes, sea level rise will take time, but this study's point is that even the damage we've done to date will cost plenty, and if we don't start decarbonizing soon we'll lock-in much, much worse.

Unsaid: drought, floods, storms, wildfires, crop disruptions and associated warfare will grow intolerably horrible long before the oceans rise by several meters. 




 To be clear, this is mostly about Shell positioning itself as a gas company. Renewables are a very small part of their plans. 
























 Disagree. The hyperwealthy are most definitely capable of improving the world. So are the modestly wealthy, and so are you and I. The issue is that in a $75 trillion global economy, even the $40 billion Gates Foundation can merely nibble at a few narrow challenges. None of us can do much alone.  




 "Women cyclists are the 'indicator species' for how bike-friendly a city is. If there arent at least as many women as men, then usually its because cycling is not safe enough. Its an indicator that you do not have good enough cycling infrastructure.  




 To be clear, the diet problem is nearly all about *beef, pork and lamb*. Poultry and seafood have [vastly lower carbon footprints](http://www.greeneatz.com/foods-carbon-footprint.html). By cutting out beef alone, a typical American can reduce their carbon footprint nearly as much as going vegetarian would. 




 Quote of the day: If youre war weary, dont vote for me. 














 The heating started a century ago, picking up speed since. It is nearly certain that the loss of reflective ice will further accelerate this. 




 Big difference: FDR was a stealth socialist who [barely hinted at specific policies](http://millercenter.org/academic/americanpresident/fdroosevelt/essays/biography/3) while campaigning, and who then revealed his New Deal proposals when in office. Before then, plutocrats loved him as one of their own. 




 Joe the Plumber? 




 Old Republicans must pass from the Earth before the party will ever regain sanity. By my calculations, I'll be able to vote Republican again in 2040. 




 "I'm no scientist, but..." 




 If Exxon was merely pumping oil, I'd agree. But leading a costly, twenty-year global campaign of deceit, all to keep selling a product they knew to be massively destructive? That puts this in an entirely different legal category.

Personally, I doubt the game will change until bastards like these are held to account with multi-billion-dollar judgements against them, as the tobacco companies were. The stakes are vastly higher here than they ever were with tobacco companies. 




 So...we and the next ten generations all pay taxes to move every coastal city, to accommodate a billion people flooded out of deltas? No one gets out of this without paying. 














 ["Globally, subsidies to fossil fuels may be on the order of US$600 billion per year, of which the GSI estimates about US$100 billion is provided to producers."](https://www.iisd.org/gsi/fossil-fuel-subsidies/fossil-fuels-what-cost)

We're talking direct handouts here, not vague calculations of externalities. 




 Go with the Planet X for the carbon frame.  




 Except that the vast majority of subsidies in those developing countries are *consumption* subsidies, not production subsidies. 




 One of my go-to quotes, but this isn't just willful ignorance. Exxon spent at least $30 million on a concerted campaign of lies to attack climate science that they knew was true, and we can safely assume they also knew of the millions of deaths and the global calamities this would likely bring. Welcome to the Crimes Against Humanity Zone. Punitive damages, anyone? 




 Did you read the linked GAO report? Excerpt: "From Fiscal Years 2003 through 2012, State Funding for Public Colleges Decreased, while Tuition and Out-of- Pocket Costs for Students Increased. State Funding for Higher Education Decreased by 12 Percent Overall and by 24 Percent per Student."

This began with states shifting costs to students. Federal student loans then grew to help ease the pain of that shift, but they did not cause it. 




 By guaranteeing everyone's loans and throwing in grants, they have created the same "blank check problem" that medicine faces.

Not really. Most post-secondary funding comes from the states, not the Feds, but state governments have recently shifted most of these burdens onto the students themselves. That higher tuition, in turn, has forced the Federal government to step in with more loans to meet the higher costs, but students still end up with a bill that was once picked up mostly by state taxpayers.

http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/get-there/wp/2015/01/05/students-cover-more-of-their-public-university-tuition-now-than-state-governments/ 




 Interesting articles as well, and thanks for 'em. There's no question that Syria and the Arab Spring were due to pent up frustrations, along with heaping helpings of greed and fear. Climate disasters and resulting food shortages were merely triggers.

Those triggers go much farther than the Syrian drought alone, however. The Arab world lives on other countries' export crops, and *those* crops suffered [repeated climate calamities in 2008-2011](http://www.americansecurityproject.org/climate-change-the-arab-spring-and-food-prices/) that drove MidEast food prices sky high in 2010-2011. The "squares" protests across Arab countries began mostly as food riots.

 




 Very few Arctic methane plumes are dense enough to ignite.  




 http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/climate-change-hastened-the-syrian-war/ 




 And it still is...warming. 




 Funny you should mention it. Exxon later paid some of those same PR firms and the same tobacco scientists, such as Fred Singer and Fred Seitz, to pose as climate science experts and cast doubt on the scientific consensus on climate change. In 1989, Exxon led the formation of the [Global Climate Coalition](http://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php/Global_Climate_Coalition) to grow this into a multi-industry push that included carmakers, utilities, construction companies, chemical companies, aluminum companies and many others. 




 Look at it this way: the last time the globe warmed enough to melt the ice caps 55 million years ago (probably due to giant basalt eruptions and outgassing causing greenhouse warming) much of Earth's life died, continental interiors turned to deserts, sea levels rose hundreds of feet, superstorms were common, and summer heat in most places would kill you. 




 Professor? Of what, petroleum engineering? 




 Why wait for Bangladesh to submerge? Syria and the rest of the Arab Spring revolutions show the results of climate calamities and resulting food shortages here and now. We'll see lots more of *this* kind of climate chaos long before we see Bangladesh, The Netherlands and South Florida vanish beneath the waves. 




 Used to be "climate science denial", but phrases are hard. 




 Loved Merchants of Doubt, but I'm way past being shocked by psychopathic greed. 




 Sounds as if you had a bad teacher in 1981. The scientific consensus on warming goes back to the 1960s, based on solid published research that began in the 1890s.  




 These crimes go beyond reckless endangerment. With thousands now dying from climate disasters caused by carbon pollution, and with abundant evidence that oilcos have known this for decades yet actively misled the public with massive campaigns of lies, we're talking manslaughter at the least, and possibly mass murder.
If corporations are people now, Exxon should be on trial for its life.   




 Exxon has done precious little in alternative energy, and the other oil majors have backed out of most of their renewables initiatives. Many of these programs still exist, but, in most cases, they are now barely funded.

http://www.eenews.net/stories/1060006834 




 God help us if Arctic methane concentrations ever get dense enough to ignite wildfires!

No, except in a few odd cases, such as when methane builds up beneath lake ice, these tundra methane emissions are very diffuse. A big problem for the world, but not for plants and animals nearby. 




 Organize! None of us can do this alone. Add your voice to others. There are scores of great organizations looking for volunteer help, participants at rallies, writers of op-eds and so on.

Meanwhile, vote, recycle, and live in a walkable city. 




 The oil majors (minus Exxon) did briefly flirt with developing alternative energy technologies, but most have cut back those initiatives. Why cannibalize your core business when you can simply deny the climate problem, confuse the public and keep the cash register ringing until you retire on a carbon-spewing yacht? Leave it to the grandkids to handle the worst calamity in human history.  




 Don't count on the starving poor to become that organized. Do count on them to create violent, costly chaos in all directions. 




 Business analyst here. Some manufacturers and real estate trusts look about fifteen years out, but they look only at a slim number of variables, like the future prices of aluminum or suburban land. Most companies just muddle through, trying to repeat what worked in the past. No wonder that decarbonization scares the living shit out of them. 




 Before you jump, please persuade as many Republican science deniers as possible to join you.  














 A long pattern of malfeasance by a $350 billion company that threatens millions of lives and global prosperity? I wonder how many litigators are licking their chops at this. 




 It's a bar graph, Einstein. 




 ...Koch Industries... 




 Against countries? Probably not. 

Against companies that lied about climate science while peddling fossil fuels that they know will kill millions? Absolutely. 














 [Relevant.](http://www.economist.com/news/international/21569017-artificial-cooling-makes-hot-places-bearablebut-worryingly-high-cost-no-sweat) 




 "Edelman has struggled for the last year to serve its fossil fuel industry clients, including Shell and Chevron, without putting off other clients or staffers who see climate change as a moral issue with clear rights and wrongs." 














 The only way one gets wiped out by a normal correction after a big run up is by by being greedy. They were over leveraged. 




 Not so whacked when one looks at the past 18 months, where the index more than doubled. It's just giving up some of that gain now.  




 You do realize that the entire world scientific community, and all of the G7 leaders (including Harper), just announced that we have no choice but to quit fossil fuels altogether within a few decades, right? 




 Yes, train them. Canada can do that for peanuts, as the US has. http://energy.gov/eere/education/find-trainings 




 Well, I call for an end to Koch Industries, and I expect my initiative to be exactly as successful as theirs. 




 Interesting that's piece published five years ago, yet still seems current. 




 SO2 is not a greenhouse gas. 




 It's all about carbon pollution per ton of freight. By that measure, trucks are nearly four times worse than ships. 




 It isn't just the military. Government cutbacks have accounted for a [huge chunk](http://www.businessinsider.com/public-sector-jobs-2014-4) of the job losses in recent years. 




 Marine shipping is actually the most efficient, least polluting means to move cargo. Trains are next-most-efficient. Trucks are very inefficient.
http://cm3.missiondata.com/uploads/65/Image/Picture1.jpg 




 Living in the woods is typically 6-12 times more carbon intensive than living in an urban neighborhood.

The most effective action you can take is to join with others to create political change. Pushing for a carbon fee and dividend is a good place to start. Check out Citizen's Climate Lobby.
 




