 "In the middle of the night, a boy, a strange boy, and a widow find a cursed puppet while searching for a pendant."

this is something. I might use this for my next story. Just a little manipulation and change of characters I suppose. 




 I sure hope it was only a dream. I hadn't received any reply to his sister until now. I'll try to open up that situation right on time. As of now, everything seems normal maybe I'm the only who thinks of it like that. I'll try to update you again if something happens. 




 This was something that happened after we went to my husband's hometown a week ago. 

My husband, Kyle and I decided to go to his home when he was a child to gather some of his belongings there since no one is living on that house anymore after his parents passed away last year and a caretaker is currently maintaining it.

We chatted about our lives before we met and he mentioned that he did something when he was a child and didn't remember anything about it. Maybe an instinct is telling him that he needs to forget about it that it might give a trauma to him when he remembers it. It feels like there's a gap of memories when he was a child. I didn't ask any questions after that and head to a stop over to have a little quick break. We arrived at his hometown around six in the evening and stop by at a mart to buy some dinner. We arrive at their house around 7:30. The caretaker was still awake and had waited for our arrival, we had dinner and had a goodnight rest and will start our task the following day.

The next morning I saw my husband, standing at the window having a deep stare outside like a daydreaming thing. I said his name, Kyle? and said to me in a reply, Yes dear? Sorry I didnt wake you up. I was just remembering something. Its okay. Come on lets go get some breakfast and start packing your stuffs in your room.

After having our breakfast, we chat with the caretaker and said that she did clean Kyles room but didnt remove or transfer any things so we wont have a hard time looking on some of his things.
We then started bringing empty boxes on his room. His room is in the corner of the 2nd floor of the house and you would be able to pass all the other rooms before getting in his room. We started by bringing down some books and other things on the top of his cabinet and sorted those things if we needed to bring it or need to be disposed of. As I checked every book there, I saw this book with a weird cover with a broken lock. Didnt notice that it was a diary of him when he was 10  years old. Wait, 10 years old? It must be the time that he doesnt remember anything that happened to him. I suddenly feel the urge of reading it but of course, the owner is right in front of me. I wanted to read it together with him but it might worry that when he remembers his past experience it might cause a problem so I waited for Kyle to bring some of the things downstairs to free up some space.
I then opened the diary and started reading some of his entries

***

*July 19*

I was playing with my younger sister Jessica while my mother is cooking food for our lunch. After a while, I heard papas footsteps approaching the kitchen with a mad look on his face. I then hear his shouting to mama. Then I heard mama shouting too. I said to Jessica to wait for me and went to the kitchen slowly. I hear their shout getting louder and louder. I saw their faces, they are angry. Are they angry at me? Mama then saw me standing scared at the door in the kitchen. She was panicking, went straight to me and happily said. Kyle, darling we we were just playing a game. It.. its only a joke
I nod and went back to Jessica and continued to play.

*August 1*

I stayed after dismissal at school. I have to make a report for being late this morning. My classmate, Bruce went inside the classroom and started punching my face and throwing away my things. I can not fight back. I am too weak. He just punched me again at my face then my stomach. A teacher suddenly passed by and saw us. The teacher ask to us what happened I was about to say I am getting bullied when Bruce suddenly barged in, Um, we are just playing Mr. Charles. See? Mr. Charles did not notice the bruise in my eye and continued asking us, then why are your things on the ground? Just go pick your things and go straight home okay? Ok Mr. Charles. Goodbye. Bruce said while clinging on my back, You remember this! Good thing the teacher passed by. And left me alone. I am scared to go home, now I am scared to go to school too. Some people think we are just playing but it is not. It is hurting me so much.

***

I was about to continue to read the next entry when Kyle entered the room again. What? Youre not finished arranging? Do you need help? I then closed the book and hid it together with the other books that well bring back in the city. Nahh. I was just imagining what you look like when youre just a kid. I said in a happy reply. We then finished off the things we need, said goodbye to the caretaker and left the house just after lunch. I guess its fine for him to not remember those days because of said and depressed things he had experienced as a child. But, I noticed something strange in his behavior when we left the house. Well.. maybe its just my imagination.

We arrived at the city and straight to our apartment and had a dinner outside. I took the diary and placed it inside my drawer and noticed that theres a smudge of blood at one edge. I turn the page where the blood stain started and saw the page had more smeared blood stains. Was there something horrible happened when he was writing this entry? I couldnt wait another minute to read it. Kyle then entered our bedroom and said that hell just take a shower before going to bed. I hurriedly sit in couch near the lamp and started reading the entry before that blood smeared page.

***

*September 9*

I was walking upstairs to grab a paper and pen to draw downstairs. I hear whispers in my older sister, Liz and her boyfriend. The door is slight open and peeped at it. I saw her boyfriend Ryan touching some parts of my sisters body. Liz then refused and told Ryan not to touch her. Ryan suddenly gripped my sisters arms and pushed her in the bed and started kissing her neck as Liz resisting. I had breathed deep and accidentally slightly opened the door. My sister saw me and stopped what Ryan was doing to her. Kyle! Um dont tell ma and pa about this. Were just playing too also okay? Do you need something? I did not answered her and went straight to my room and grabbed what I need to bring downstairs.

***

I guess its a little too early for him to see those things and just pretend it only as a joke. I then turn the page and read the blood smeared entry of his diary. The smeared are light so the words were easy to read on but Ill try my best I can to read clearly those.

***

*September 11*

I bring my diary together at the station. And the police officer asking me questions about what happen. I tell him my story.

 I was playing with  Jessica because the others are out of the house and I got bored on playing the same game. I decided to make a new game. It is called Kill the devil it is like a hide and seek but the other way around. The devil is the hider and the seeker must need to find and kill it. I was the seeker and Jessica is the devil. Jessica said that I need to count until 20 slowly so she can hide secretly. I did so and begin to count. After the count, I started finding Jessica. I know where she is hiding. She is behind the curtain. I secretly grabbed a knife in the kitchen and proceed to the curtain where she is hiding. I tiptoed and as I am near her I shouted, I FOUND THE DEVIL and stabbed her with the knife I am carrying. I saw blood staining out on the curtain and my parents went inside and screamed and asked me what happened. I was still holding the knife and blood flowing through my hands.

The police officer asked me, Why did you stabbed your sister? I said to him, We were just playing a hide and seek game and the seeker will kill the devil when he finds her. I do not know what happened and I went back home and write my diary.

***

I stared at the diary my dear had written when he was a child. How could he do that? I thought her sister died because of sickness. I was shaking as I was turning some of the pages when I heard the door on the bathroom opened. I hurriedly went straight to bed and put his diary inside my drawer. I saw Kyle staring at me and I asked him whats wrong. Nothing I just suddenly remembered a game I played with my sister Jessica. What was it called? Hmm Im wishing to myself that he wont remember the name of the game. Its a long time ago so you might not remember it. Lets go to sleep now. Its a tiring day we had today. I just said to him to stop remembering the story. Yeah youre right.

We both went to sleep. Around 3 in the morning I woked up hearing something metal being scraped on another thing. Turned around to where Kyle is sleeping and notice him standing beside our bed. He was holding a shiny object with his eyes closed. Is.. Is he sleepwalking? He then said to me, Would you like to play with me? Its called Kill the Devil. I was shocked and scared and cover myself with my blanket, grabbed my phone and texted his older sister Liz. I closed my eyes while feeling the bed weighing on and like approaching me. 

I didnt noticed it was already morning. I saw Kyle, sleeping soundly. Panicking, I searched the places near him if he has something this shiny thing he was holding. There was nothing. Was it a dream? I dont know. It felt so real that I had no time to neither think about others nor call the police. I change my clothes went outside and went to the nearest diner in the apartment. I checked my phone to see if I did sent a text to his sister and I did
Im still here at the Diner, waiting for his sisters reply or call. Im too afraid to go to our apartment for I might end up like Jessica. Im also too scared to talk to the police. They might not trust my story. I will try to go to our apartment later after I received Lizs reply.
 




 wait what....

ohh okay.... 




 THIS.

I enjoy that climax... seriously :) 




