 Gave in to that, too. Didn't really help and I realized that I've missed out too much... 




 Hello everybody! I'm 22/f and new to this subreddit. I don't know, if I suffer from depression (if so, it would be self-diagnosed, so probably doesn't really count right...) Went to a psychotherapist, but only like three times. We had to abandon the sittings, since we both thought I would be accepted for university in at least one of the different cities I applied (which wasn't the case in the end). So I do know that something's wrong with me, but I don't have a name for all this...

Anyway... I'd like to know, if there's anyone, who found a way of dealing with the physical and mental tiredness? If so, would you mind to tell me? How do you "deal" with your depression, what's your view on it and how do you deal with life? Do you guys have any other tips, that helped you in some kind of way? 
I'm very curious about your thoughts and tips. 

Wish you guys all the best. :* 




 Aww congratulations! :) 




 I wish we wouldn't be so scared to open up but have the courage to be *so* kind to each other... I mean openly...

While reading your story, it felt like I was there with you and could see those two and feel the beauty of the moment.

I hope she's okay, too... maybe you could ask your co-worker, if she's fine and tell us? 




 I'm quite like your friend, but I know where this quirk I have comes from: I'm kinda scared that when someone gets to know me better, the person won't like me as much as before, because of how I view things, how I deal with certain things, because I am quite different (not necessarily positively meant). I don't want people to know about my insecurities, because I don't want them to be used against me some time. I always expect people will leave me and therefore I kind of leave *them*, before someone decides to leave me all alone... vicious cicle. 

Do you think some of these points could be a reason for her behaviour? 




 I think so, too. The ones downvoting could for example ask "What exactly do you mean by..." before misinterpreting, or just start a respectful discussion! Let's talk about our opinions! But noone should downvote just because they don't share the same thought.. I feel so bad not knowing what I did/said wrong.. as bad as knowing it, but by knowing it I can at least explain myself/my thought and try to make it better. 




 Thank you! :))) 




 Don't give up on exploring your personality, it can be a lifetime journey and can still make a lot of fun, especially with people close to you. :) *Existing* is not the ultimate, you'd miss out too much. :)
Have a great week! 




 I know you know it's not the best idea to make an expressive move so soon, it's just the fact that there's such a nice considerate man in her life, that cares about her and likes her. :) Although she may not know the true meaning behind it, yet...
I really hope it works out great for both of you!! :) 




 I'm kind of jealous of her.. :) 




