 

Today I stare at these walls. They're white and awfully clean; I think the intention behind white walls is a feeling of purity and innocence. Sometimes I think they're meant to be a canvas in which we can paint our lives once we move beyond the walls. Isn't it nice? I see Katie playing around our old oak tree in the backyard near our garden. How I wish we had an oak tree and a Katie. Oh wait, that must be her, we must let her in. 

Did you know that white walls can also represent white sheets, but they replace them with walls. Everyone assumes the body inside is dead. But we're stars, can't you see? Our light just hasn't reached you yet.
Don't cover me in white. Please dear, let me breathe. Katie, we can play grown-ups together? Wouldn't you enjoy that?

I have an awful headache. Katie, will you bring me some wine? I think I'm getting much too excited. 

Katie is my daughter. She likes to take me to her room, so we can play grown-ups. I pretend to be the husband, and she pretends to be the wife. I tell her that these walls act as the boundary that separates us from reality. She likes to say our games are a dream. 

Today Katie insisted that I take the role as a prisoner. She likes to speak three numbers on the phone, so big men can bring me away. She loves to play games.

Everyday we play prisoner now. I wish I would see her more often, but she's so devoted to the game. I wish she would bring me some wine. 

We used to play doctor. Katie would bring me wine and then she would lie on the bed and we'd play. I was always the doctor, and she was the patient. It was our dream. Sometime the game was awfully serious though, and I'd have to clean up her bruises. I wish we could just play like old times. She never used to scream either. I miss her laughter. 

These walls are changing. They've moved much closer and the lighting is even brighter. I miss the world beyond these walls. If it wasn't so hard to breathe playing with Katie, I don't think the walls would have covered her. I miss playing. 

Don't scream dear. Let me play. Let me play. 
Now I think these walls are just a projection. 

She thinks I have an affliction, but she refuses to play doctor. 

I think I need her help. 

I wish I had a Katie. 

It seems as if I'm always playing with these walls: these white sheets. People like to say they cover dead things, but they just refuse to see the life, the beauty. 

We must let her in. Come and play. 

I no longer leave these walls; I just wait for you to come in. 

I will adjust to my affliction; I promise you dear, and so will you; it's just a matter of time. 

Then we'll play. 
 




 Hey Reddit. I know teens and kids are living with parent(s) who are drug addicts. Any advice on getting through it all (pain, anger, depression, love, etc) and also how to live in the real world?  Also any advice on helping a single mother with bi-polar disease and MS who is on the edge of declaring bankruptcy and dating a guy with cancer?  









 What? This is super common haha look: http://i.imgur.com/yTw3ayM.png
*I don't know why you're trying to make this sound so suspicious 
 




 well done. 
 




 Where are the pictures? What subreddit? Where did these geomantic figures come from/ puzzles? What website? And why so ambiguous?   









 I just watched the film, and then watched The Downfall shortly after. I recommend both. The Triumph of the Will makes you feel as if everyone in Germany was just a single-cell apart of this massive growing organism.  




 Well, you certainly understand that that's a debatable comment. I'm an atheist, but I believe, for some people, religion is a necessity. Additionally, religion was/(is?) a fundamental pillar for the establishment of the social contract. Some people need religion. We are certainly moving away from it, but for those who don't look to science and find their own moral compass (if morals even exist--another debatable topic) in religion than what's the harm in that? 
*it doesn't make you a good person for shitting on someone's beliefs 









 Are there any things I should know going forward into this Nazi propaganda film? I'm watching it tonight.
 




 Maybe a paradigm shift will settle our greed and wickedness, and I suppose I'm just a critic of human nature but perhaps my question is more applicable to (or makes more sense when discussing) anarchism-- if you're up for the discussion. Suppose there is no paradigm shift for man and we become entirely stateless, no hierarchy, no laws, nada, etcetera, and we desire happiness. What do you think would happen next? We can't overthrow a dictator and catalyze a revolution. What happens next if the government isn't the source of our unhappiness. Perhaps this makes more sense. 




