 I've always thought that stunt performers and choreographers deserved to be recognized at the Academy Awards. I know a lot of people might look down on action movies, but I don't see how this category would be any less deserving than any special effects or other technical categories.

This year we've had Avengers, Fast and Furious and Mad Max, and we've still got Star Wars, Mission Impossible and Spectre to come. 

Obviously this year has been a hell of a year for stunt performers and choreographers, and would be the perfect year to finally show some respect towards people who literally risk their lives for entertainment.

Edit: This YEAR not tear. Dammit. 




 This seems like it'd be the climax of a comedy of errors movie where Nic Cage accidentally becomes a politician and eventually has to give a speech that he forgot to prepare for. 




 This is my favourite 'Lovecraftian' movie  




 Pretty sure he appears when Simon Pegg is walking towards Timothy Dalton's office in the supermarket. Simon is walking towards camera and Edgar quickly passes by in front of him. 




 I hope it shows DD using a knife like in that leaked snippet.

Also, was it ever confirmed that there was more than Afghanistan and Africa as locations in the game? A lot of people have been saying there's a third, and I was hoping for a snowy forest/tundra environment, but the release is very close and it doesn't seem like anything official has said there's any more than 2. 




 Too soon 




 The part about the sky opening up to reinvigorate Superman's powers sounds super cool, but aside from that I much prefer how it played out in the comic  




 But cassettes of his music can be found and listened to in MGSV so he must exist  




 "Heelloooo" *schluuck*

ew 




 Yeah this looks really bad, but I think both Jim Jefferies and Alex Williamson are hilarious. Too bad this is the project that brings them together. 




 Amazing! 




 This is my favorite video from E3. This is insane  




 It totally looks like Rico has space for 4 weapons. 2 two-handed weapons on his back and 2 one-handed weapons on his hips. But apparently you can only carry 3 weapons at a time. 

P.S this game looks ridiculous and amazing and is definitely one of my most anticipated games for this year  




 The T-Rex is not in the cargo bay when he is shipped over on the boat, he's in that big cage on the deck. He breaks out of the cage, you can see it all smashed open on the deck when Malcolm and Sarah climb on the boat, eats/injures/disfigures everyone, dying crew member locks him in the cargo bay. 




 Rockstar don't usually show up at E3 do they? 




 You should watch the first one regardless  




 Yeah fuck Jurassic Park 3 for sidelining the T-Rex and only giving it one appearance and giving all the screen time to some other larger carnivore.... Oh wait  




 I only ever watch movies in 2D, I don't like 3D at all. Didn't seem like there was any real crazy fly at your face type stuff I suppose  




 What was he saying/doing that was so bad?  




 I thought it was fine. Some great destruction porn scenes, great CGI and San Francisco and LA get nicely decimated over and over again. Not as crazy stupid and cartoonishly over the top and insanely massive as 2012, which could either be a good or bad thing depending on what you're looking for. The Rock has some emotional serious moments, there's also some terribly cheesy moments. Not the best disaster porn movie ever but probably better than most maybe, I never thought it dragged or got boring. Pretty much no better or worse than I'd expected from the trailer. 




 Has there ever been an old school Mustang in GTA? Seems weird that there isn't one in GTA 5, they're insanely popular cars. 




 I'm not expecting good dialogue or story or characters, but is there at least lots of destruction? I hate when you go into a movie for some mindless dumb fun, and there's like 2 or 3 action scenes between long stretches of soap opera.  




 In the fourth picture there's grass on Mars? 




 DriveClub looks slightly nicer, but Project Cars has way more content. DriveClub is super sparse and bare bones. 




 They should really set this one in China  




 I watched this for the first time with my dad. That movie will always make me tear up 




 I thought it looked average until Manzoukis showed up at the end. That was hilarious 




 Well now that Guillermo Del Toro is involved I guess it's just a matter of time until it gets cancelled 




 This guy is a fantastic actor but all his American stuff so far has been pretty poor. I hope he gets given a decent role this time.  




 I think Jonathan Levine is the only good choice on that list  




 Isn't differentiating between a unisex and women's toilet exactly acknowledging it?  




 The velociraptor models look like they were ripped right out of Jurassic Park 3 as well 




 Pretty sure that movie got cancelled a while ago 




 Thank you so much for this! This is my all time favourite Giant Bomb and I always have trouble tracking it down and the GiantBomb video player always screws up at least once for me 




 Even if Talia was the real villain she also got an incredibly shitty death scene  




 I don't know why every COD game hasn't had this. Seems like such an obvious and awesome idea 




 That's actually a really good idea for fighting game QTEs 




 So do you have to fulfill certain specific requirements before you can do them? Are they hard to do? 




 Really wish this would come to Blu-Ray. It's one of Scorsese's most visually beautiful films. 




 In some of the early videos, it looked like there were dev options for "easy" Fatalities or even maybe turning off Brutality requirements. Are these options in the same for single play or local multiplayer? I'll probably play a lot of this game with friends, and they don't really know how to play these types of games, so I thought it'd be cool if there was an easy mode so we could just hang out and have a laugh and see all the violent stuff.
 




 The first half of that movie is super cool and unique and terrifying and atmospheric, but it really turns shitty as it goes on 




 ok 




 Yeah he definitely is not in that film at all 




 5  7  1  6  4  2  3 




 5 might still be my favourite, but I thought this was still better than 6. My friends and I watched all the previous films before seeing this one and 6 was pretty terribly written and stupid. This was way even more over the top in terms of action, but it was a bit more solid overall. 




 I have seen that movie so many times and it's one of my all time favourites but I have never realized that it was supposed to be set in the 80s 




 F F is funny, feel good entertainment with likable characters and inventive original well choreographed action. F F knows it's silly and goes with it.

Transformers is obnoxious annoying characters and offensively terrible cringey comedy along with exhausting shaky cam incomprehensible loud dull cgi action scenes. Transformers movies are self serious boring 3 hour long messes. 

I guess it's the same reason everyone around here absolutely hates anything Michael Bay comes close to, but absolutely adores every big dumb explosion filled CGI cartoon Marvel puts out. 




 At the end of the first one he let Vin Diesel go and got fired, but then I think he was reinstated/had his crimes forgiven in exchange for helping the Feds bring down Verone in the second one.

Although the fourth movie seems like it almost ignores the second one and acts like he just never got fired or anything in response for what he did in the first film.  




 Maybe he's a Captain Marvel fan 




 MI5 is set in London for a significant chunk  




 1 was ok. 2 and 3 were crap. 4 was average. 5 and 6 were fantastic.  




 Oh that's okay then. I would be bummed if if had to pay extra for 1080p 




 HD and ultra HD?  




 Looks like shit  




 I guess I'm not as familiar with MK as I thought because I have no idea who Tanya and Tremor are. Could someone please explain basically what these dudes are about? 




 They specifically said he would 'retire' 

No way in hell they'd just kill him off 




 They've both been in more good movies than Josh Gad 




 I thought Ninja and Yolandi were the most interesting and entertaining parts of that movie by far. If Chappie was just 2 hours of Die Antwoord trying to raise a robo child then I would have liked it a lot more. It could have been a very cool look at nature/nurture and raising a child in a harsh environment, with a really crazy funny South African sci-fi twist.  




 And Road to Perdition (at least the comic book the movie was based on) was based on the manga *Lone Wolf and Cub* 




 Aw dang that's a shame. I've always thought Liu Kang was really cool. Mainly because he's a fake Bruce Lee 




 I honestly wouldn't mind if most of the characters from MK9 came back, as long as there's still some cool new characters as well.

Also I really want Liu Kang in this game  




 You're right. It's not just about the technical quality or complexity of the CGI, it's about the way it's used. CGI in Jurassic Park was used only to animate very realistic animals, not a crazy cartoonish fantasy future theme park. 




 I just hope it doesn't take another 2 years  




 I really hope they add a Casino heist in the near future. These heists are really cool and all, and I don't want to sound negative or anything, but with the first one being a super short 2 person job, there's really only 4 full scale heists. Still an awesome update though. 




 I don't want to be negative about an unfinished film but whenever these updates are posted it never seems any more realistic to me. I can see differences for sure, but it still looks like a totally fake cartoon  




 Huh I don't remember that  




 I thought this was a really terrible stupid line in the trailer and I'm surprised they're using it for advertising purposes  




 Kojima just retweeted this 




 Yeah it'd be a shame if he ruins the classic masterpiece high art film about a jelly blob from outer space that kills people 




 I'm assuming we'll get a trailer for the Good Dinosaur in front of Inside Out  




 Very. Go watch them and have your life greatly improved. 




 What about the Casino? Is it open finally? 




 He was a cop in 1 2 and 4 I believe.  




 4 was pretty cruddy, 5 is really fantastic, 6 is the craziest dumbest thing ever but very awesome 




 Hans did the music for MI2 and it was a pretty terrible score 




 Ugh why would anyone want to keep Alien 3 and 4 in canon  




 Gangs of New York

True Romance

 




 Is she not referring to Chappie there?  




 Man, I used to think Tim Schafer was the coolest dude. I even have an autographed poster of Psychonauts on my wall. But regardless of my, or even Tim's, personal stance on the recent controversy in the video game industry, he's been really cringey and obnoxious with this whole topic recently. I'm all for opening up a dialogue and talking about certain topics and I'm certainly not trying to be biased towards one point of view over another, but stuff like this is just annoying and embarrassing and pointless. Plus Double Fine's recent business practices and game development has been a huge bummer also. 




 Would it be possible to import it to Australia from another country? The PS4 is region free, but might the download codes for all the digital extra content maybe not work 




 Needs Wolverine 




 I actually haven't played PW, so I'm happy to hear that the tapes still pack a wealth of content! 




 It's more the fact that you can't just randomly call anyone at any time to get context sensitive conversations. That was the really cool unique thing I'll miss  




 That's a good point. Kiefer was almost mute in Ground Zeroes and doesn't seem to be doing anywhere near as much voice work as Hayter usually would, so I guess it makes sense that they can't do the Codec stuff with him. 




 Recharging health? Great. Sutherland instead of Hayter? Perfectly fine with me. Open world instead of linear levels? Awesome.

However, not having access to the awesome Codec at any time and being able to call who ever you want whenever you want is a real bummer for me. That was honestly one of the coolest and most unique and impressive things about the older games. All that detail and crazy back story and funny secret dialogue being put in to boring cassette tapes is a real step backward. 




 What's the name of this race? 




 Id like to see a video compilation of all these  




 He's in all the concept art with a pretty gnarly facial burn scar. So I'd guess he's back as a main character along with Sigourney 




 Wasn't there a homage to this scene in the first Die Hard? 




 Yeah just like Alien 3 and 4 




 I love this movie so much. It's so fantastically stupid 




 This like an /r/thathappened post from the Marvel universe  




 Damn, I missed it last year and I really wanted that tommy gun 




 yikes 




 Zentorno is faster but the Entity has better handling. I have a Zentorno and my friend has an Entity, and we race each other all the time. It's pretty much 50/50 between us in terms of wins/losses  




 I don't remember exactly what morning talk shows he was on, but I've seen at least 2 interviews where he talks about how difficult it was for him to film scenes without Paul and pretend he was still there and how he basically couldn't stop crying the whole time. He said it was the most difficult time he has ever been through. He didn't say anything overly negative, probably because he was still selling the film, but it was clear he really didn't enjoy pretending his friend was in scenes with him. 

Maybe in a year or so everyone will be feeling better and want to make a new film, but it seemed pretty obvious that everyone was having a rough time continuing the film without Paul. 




 According to the behind the scenes videos and pictures that were leaked/released, Paul was on the set for most of the bus stunt and cars jumping out of the planes. There's behind the scenes clips of him doing the bus jumps stunt and shots of them filming the cars falling from the plan in front of a giant green screen. Also that scene at 1:33 was in the first trailer.

However, Jordana Brewster had yet to have her first day of filming before he died, so any scenes he shares with her (like the house exploding at the start) would be faked.

I believe they said they had reshot the film so that Paul Walker's character would retire to be with his wife and child, leaving the rest of the crew open to more adventures if they felt the need to make more. I know the plan was initially to make at least another 2 films after this. But who knows what they're going to do now. Vin Diesel seemed to really struggle working on the film without Paul. 




 Obviously anyone driving a vehicle can't use two handed weapons, but it really bothers me that passengers can't.

Often during a job or a mission my friends and I will be in the same car, and if we get chased by cops or Merryweather or anyone with a helicopter or heavy vehicles, it seems really silly that the passengers just have to sit there and use SMGs or pistols. This seems especially silly in boats because there shouldn't be any reason why passengers can't use every weapon there.

Throwing grenades or sticky bombs out the window as a passenger is pretty helpful sometimes, but I don't see why the passengers can't lean out the window and use a normal gun.

Maybe there could be a button that has your character lean all the way out the window, which would make you way more vulnerable and a much easier target, but you'd be able to use machine guns and launchers.

Just a little thing that would improve online a lot for me. 




 This is awesome! Would love to see the 1998 Godzilla added in 




 Hah, according to the size chart the Mosasaurus is 18m long, which seems reasonable. In the trailer however it's head alone is that size. 




 What? Proper fucked? 




 Darjeeling and Life Aquatic are my favorites even though no one else ever seems to bring them up or really like them. I think they strike the perfect balance between honest heartfelt human drama, and the wacky fun of his later films.  




 Obviously we've seen there's a few more cars and masks and whatnot, but I really hope the Heist update comes with a whole tonne of new clothes and tattoos and properties and new fun stuff.

I've only just hit level 90, I don't have a crazy amount of money, but I just feel like there's nothing left for me to buy. There's not really any more cars I want or any reason to go buy a new property. I feel like I already have everything I want in the game so I have nothing left to work for.

I'm excited for the heists because my friends and I are kinda bored with the regular jobs and would like to play through all the heists together. But I really hope they add in heaps of new fun things to buy so we have a reason to earn hundreds and thousands of dollars after every heist. Because right now there's not really a whole lot left to unlock and not really anything left to spend my money on. Not anything that's worthwhile that I really want anyway.

EDIT: I wish they added the ability to fast travel between properties, that way I'd have a good reason to buy a second property up in Sandy Shores 




 Wow I'm surprised that's so low  




 I couldn't maintain my interest for the full 3 minutes of that video  




 Yeah Bin Laden is gonna be really upset  




 I only just started playing GTA Online when the PS4 version came out, and playing missions and leveling up with my friends in a crew has been super fun. But now we're all a high enough level that there's nothing new to unlock, and we all have enough money that there's nothing new to save up for. So I'm eagerly awaiting Heists so we can get excited about playing together again and have some new fun things to do.

Also I really want that Kuruma 




 I honestly think Los Angeles/Los Santos has always been the perfect setting for GTA games. It just suits everything about what those games are. But if I had to choose, either Hawaii or a fictional Texas border town. 




 I don't know why you're getting down voted so much for having a responsible and polite opinion. I agree that SR2 was the best game. SR3 was fun and cool but felt a lot smaller, and SR4 was just not my kind of game. SR2 felt like the ultimate open world crime sandbox and I enjoyed it way more than GTA 4 




 Intolerable Cruelty was pretty goddamn intolerable as well  




 He always seems to show up unexpectedly in like every other movie I've watched recently, and he's always great. Although I confused him with Casey Affleck once or twice a while ago, but now in recent years I've become a big fan. 




