




 Completely agreed although i think that the feedback of the driver i a massive factor in the development. He can feel hoe the car reacts to updates/ changes. Telemetry doesnt always show that. 




 Probaly the smart desicion. Alonso en Jenson are perfect to develop a car. I guess they target wcc/wdc in 2017 with Alonso and Vandoorne/kmag.  




 Yeah that would be way to rational en spoil all the fun whining about Max 




 Well, i think he did. Thats why they went looking for it and found the problem. Ofc he doesnt know excactly what the problem was but i think no one wouls.  The point is he noticed it first in Q1 and there was really no time to fix it in qualy so he just set out to do the best lap he could do and get it sorted after. 




 hahaha that awkwardness when Ted was talking about the "back support" of the french reporter 




 Toro Rosso right up there again in FP1! Also Palmer ahead of maldonado, awesome performance. McLaren already looking disappointing tho.. 




 Felipe "Fred" Nasr is who you're on about. Thought he would be another pay driver with more money than skill, he has indeed surprised me, quick fellow! 




 Lots of people are missing the point. Yes Sainz is more consistent and quicker in qualifying, but he hasn't raised my heartbeat once so far this season. Max just is an exciting driver to watch. That's what this article is about.

The No.1 complaint is that f1 is getting boring, more exciting drivers means less boring races. 




 Love the first sentence "Do I have to wear the seatbelt? 




 yes that's where i got the idea from, see my comment below. 




 whoops.. shouldn't shop before my morning coffee. 




 mostly to the inconsistent calls on the RAI/RIC and HUL/ALO incidents this sunday. but as the consensus on this subreddit is that they made some questionable calls i thought it would be some fun fluff. 




 It's just a joke, calm down mate. 




 credit to /u/jetshockeyfan for the [idea](http://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/373adx/2015_monaco_grand_prix_post_race_discussion/crjb6a0) 









 Still got it! what a racer. 




 but this "speeding under the safety car" rule is measured by lap/sector time right? so he could go fast for 200m and back off again after that i think.. Anyway, it looked pretty quick right at turn 1. 




 and still finishing 10th, awesome! 




 This would explain so much 




 Looking at the replays of the hamilton pitstop, he really raced to get past vettel right at the accident scene. Really dangerous imo.. 




 One of the rookies maybe? 




 More than half renault engines fail to finish

Jos Verstappen

Psychological advantage gets mentioned

FI both get penalized 




 They don'r call them go-faster stripes for nothing 




 About 2 or 3, not even that much.  









