





























 Except they did before the edit, as they always do, as I always say.

Oh yeah edge, totes. Jesus wept. 




 Oh yes absolutely. I can absolutely understand his POV. If you were in the same situation as someone I know regarding this you would too.

edit: i am timed response on here so i might not get back to you also leaving house now 




 rewatching skyfall at xmas made me realise how dumb that movie is, how limited the director is in general, style over substance with these movies, i dunno what his stage stuff was like but I would have hoped it was a bit more nuanced  




 recipe? 




 That was disappointing. Nowhere near as good as the last one

edit:

free speech, pao out!

i disagree with you - opinion gets downvoted!!

dumb fucking people

 




 salmon looks awesome 




 started reading this and went to myself who the fuck is amy schumer and why is lebron there?

 









 Rare for me to find a writer I know nothing about with such a career.

Anyone has any insight? Worth a read?  









 That's massively expensive.  




 Guess you should add feature film moreso than doc 




 was surprisingly expensive if I recall 




 Looking through his comments I am failing to see why people are so upset. 

The reaction on the sub and here are truly embarrassing. But what is new. 




 I'll actually put the first one ahead of dredd as the ultimate indicator of how stupid the average fanboy is.

When a film makes that shitty godzilla reboot look good you know you've done something wrong.

Weak ass premise. Shitty stock characters. Contrived love story (but not really, daddy issues). Awful dialogue. The acting was so fucking bad even the good actors were uncomfortable.

What a piece of shit.

And it somehow made enough to warrant another?



 




 To make money for a studio by taking it off dimwit fanboys who go out of their way defending a piece of garbage.  




 No they were shit. 

No you are wrong.

Fucking terrifying how dumb this sub is.

 




 I dont get it 




 short memories on here 




 feature lengths seem thin on the ground but plenty of tv stuff 




 Failure, and a serious anxiety about trying again 




 OH 




 tell me more - cheesecake? i love kiwi 




 I have an idea for a crossover where the babadook gets fucked at a halloween party (the only night he normally scores) and catches the sex ghost and has to spend the rest of the film trying to get laid like the rest of us 



















 I might pick up a few during the week just to see 




 right o - you try them? 




 I wanna new show. 

 




 fascinating, what cuisine are they from? 









 what the... that's new one to me 




 so once, 22 days ago, on a different website, hardly 5 times already 









 Interesting read from the perspective of two agents involved in the drug war - which they claim is non existent  









 yes it is mentioned in the comments too... assume they will fix 




 Where. Link.  














 I want the same for Shrek  




 looks  raw? 




 it's a website where you post scripts and get feedback from readers (costs money)

if it does really well apparently some people in the business might take an interest

https://blcklst.com/ 




 u could put it on the blacklist and see the feedback  




 intern, make contacts, work on sets, make more contacts, write dozens of scripts that are good, get a manager, get an agent, set up meetings, pitch perfectly, profit

or something like that

but there is no one way

there is a writer/director on the front of reddit now who mentions some stuff

or go spend time on /r/screenwriting and read posts

but thinking it is just about writing a couple of scripts you think are good and just sending them to the head honchos and getting green lit is tremendously naive 

the fucking writing itself seems a fairly minor point overall 

 




 but that is not the way the business works

thousands of guys hocking scripts around  




 go to /r/screenwriting and post it there but be prepared for the feedback  




 is this a joke 




 withnail and I 














 damn kenji i think you just closed down burger threads for a while 




 not bad resolution - there is a good doc on here

episode of the born to kill (get the english voiceover one) - one of th ebetter shows

 




 that's mine, i called it 




 well done 




 cool, thought it was falling apart 




 One of the UK's most brilliant wartime spies was poorly treated by colleagues at MI5 in the paranoid years of the Cold War and was left gripped by fear that he was suspected of being a traitor. Now an extraordinary letter and a series of family documents reveal the full story.
 









 that looks awesome 




 thanks mate! 




 Now sort out abortion issue 




 democracy is a fucking joke 




 I think it smells amazing and I dont smoke it

I love passing by a house with a window open and people inside smoking or some guy smoking on the street

 




 it's the only way 




 Really? 




 Thoughts anyone? Kickstarter and art? Do they work? Can crowds be trusted to make any decision that isn't just stupid? 
























 Rather caustic piece but worth a read just to understand some of the other sides of the story.

I dunno if it is time for it to just die and we can move on but it seems more petitions are being made - baffling to be honest 









 Hate the director, dislike Cooper, indifferent to Lawrence...

But have to say like the trailer. At first I was not but it  grew on me. 

 




 Any and all military posts or posts involving an element of it which could be construed as propaganda in any way should be the first things removed from reddit when the new rules comes in.

 




 Posts like this really just make me angry. Seriously.

Stop  whining and write. Or don't. No one cares. 

It's a fucking screenplay it's not Ulysses just fucking do it.  




 really i never heard that - do you have source handy? 




 backward country 



















 no they don't

this sub is just dumb 




 those hooded crows are the most cautious birds in my fathers garden (backs onto remnants of woods)

dominate the area but rarely come down ig humans around and are really careful if they do 




 No assist and scoring same match though? 




 get off the booze 




 Sad but interesting look at grief and how two men are dealing with it. 









 awesome 



















 I remember a few years ago talk of new tv rights stuff  - more money coming in - did I just imagine that? 




 pretty cool 




 first time both dad/son scored? 




 I will have it one day. 









 Sure why not. Hell I'd give up 6 months of my life for one week of his wages.  









 Yes the bbc fixed their typo 




 that's a lot of food 














 Yeah it is a weekend round up, the total including domestic and overseas, and the the record opening day which is part of the domestic gross.

I don't see the problem.  




 It is record setting. Opening day is a common measure in hollywood box office http://www.boxofficemojo.com/alltime/days/?page=open p=.htm 




  That includes a $46.2 million Friday domestically, the best opening day in history for an animated film.  




 It's human, it's exciting, well acted, the style is great, but mainly it is human, while still being a comic book film 




 keto is not 'effectively gluten free'

people on keto don't have to worry about tiny crumbs on a chopping board 

can eat as much carbs as you want as long as they are gf

anyone want to explain their fucking dumbshit downvoting of scientific facts?

fucking lol 









 I've said it before I think the demographics recorded are off. It's far younger imo 







































 Looks great 














 I think ang lees hulk is the greatest super hero film ever made. 














 ok I was exaggerating a tad 




 I remember the quality of gf stuff ten years ago. It was truly awful.

But - if everyone starts acting like it people are going to eventually shrug and think they are crying wolf. 

And pulling back to your comment - yes, it is insane, it's mass delusional cock, not arguing your point which is good, but when millions of people are deciding that they are afflicted with no basis that is insane, that is anti vac level  




 yeah would be a good signing 




 Interesing look at the fad and those that genuinely have to do it. It's insane really.  









 i have a feeling deadpool fanboyism might actually not need any circlejerk it'll just be 




 I kinda like it 




 nice 




 I couldn;t stay up. 




 Bring it 




 I watched that movie. Jesus. 




 think you might have missed the joke

repost

post

lamppost  




 also I am a massive drunk 




 You know I try, my jokes and all, I try... and I fail... I fail... 




 he's become rather toxic, don't rate him that highly either  




 [batman is definitely on some boards though](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/PPC78_xih38/hqdefault.jpg) 




 [WHHHHHHHHHHUUUUHHHHHHHHHATTTTTTTTT?](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/jHs5POy8-8Y/maxresdefault.jpg) 




 What number would change your opinion dude? 




 huh...  




 no doubt it took 42 hours to make dude... my brother made the fries you did and was raving about them 




 LOL 




 The fuck 




 Keanu was supposed to be in this back in the day. 




 Well this is actually very clever. Well done. 




 That's tragic in so many ways mainly just being funny  









 did the actor tweet this op? 




 one hell of a repost  




