 As long as you aren't TOO afraid (   ) 









 how did you make the flags wavey, i have some designs of my own and want to make them look good 




 it's generally regarded that brotherhood is the better of the 2 series 




 how did you make the water? 




 http://i.imgur.com/eCd40Yd.jpg

So I made this land mass (yes it is Ireland but that is irrelevant) and I need a good way to make a realistic water texture to go in the black area. 




 just click on the image and it makes it bigger... 




 http://i.imgur.com/cmVmywq.jpg

This is what I managed, sometime during the process this white border appeared and i couldn't find a way to effectively get rid of it.  









 no servers PC US East and West 




 A group of 3 friends hear of a sponsored tournament for a popular virtual reality game in the near future (as in they are actually in the game, not like an Oculus Rift kind of VR), they play this game rather often, and consider themselves quite good at it. They decide to enter for a chance to play in the tournament, along with hundreds of other people. They need to win a certain number of preliminary games in order to be placed in the tournament against 4 other teams of 3,  15 people in all. They quickly win many preliminary games and find themselves in the roster for the final game of the tournimant. 

The objective of the game is to find an object in the world, game settings are gigantic and could be in a city/forest/etc, and place said object inside the goal which is at the very center of the map - by any means possible. The winners money starts at $100,000 from the sponsors, but throughout the tournament viewers donate money to the pool to increase tension amongst viewers and players. Players are allowed to do anything within their power to kill or trap players in other teams to give themselves an edge. The game lasts many days, depending on how fast players find the object and deliver it to the goal.

If you die, you are placed in a lobby where you can leave or stay and watch the rest of the game. I dont know if it should be where if you die you get no money if your team wins, or if you SHOULD get money for your team winning once dead, i dont know. 

I dont want it to be just another hunger games esc book so any feedback is greatly appreciated. 




 I think ill post it on here and on /r/fantasywriters and see what i can get from both 




 do you know of any specific subreddits of that sort? 




 Can people use this subreddit for book/story ideas, or is it just for maps and fantasy worlds. I've got an idea for a story and would like some feedback on it, but i dont know if this is the subreddit to do that.

Thanks! 









 Valve released the first Train teaser on June 1st, 2014; They then released the full map on December 10th, 2014. 6 months later.

Possibly using this time frame we can predict when the new Nuke will be released.

Valve released the first Nuke teaser on March 31, 2015. 

I presume we will get the new Nuke sometime in September.

Or they could be completely unrelated and have nothing to do with each other, that could be a possibility.  




 How long after the Train teaser did it come out, i think from this we could determine the time until the new NUKE is released. unless its already been beyond that time 




 what about the first part, where the map is only loaded once, and the server you are on is what determines doors/loot/cars/helis/time of day/etc 




 So I recently had an idea for a new way for servers to load the map, I have no idea if this would actually work, seeing as how i have no idea how servers or games work.

So my idea was that the Chernarus map is only loaded once, either by 1 server or something else. This way, the only thing somebodies server has to load is dynamic things, such as doors being opened/close, loot, heli crashes, cars, etc. 

There could also be a thing similar to seeding a torrent, where if somebody else is rendering the same place as you are, your computer doesnt have to work as hard because of the other person. So say you are at NWAF and somebody on a completely different server is also at NWAF. Because both people are rendering NWAF, they both have 1/2 the load of the render until one of them leaves. If there are, say, 200 people all in different servers, they would each only have to render a fraction of NWAF.

I have no clue how that second part would work, and it probably wouldn't, but its just an idea I had.

Sorry if this made no sense, I was just rambling ideas out. 




 you're not missing much, thats pretty much all it is. I dont like the current menu so i made my own 




 they said with winter (at least in chernarus) that they might add a snow effect but not snow settling on the ground 




 that wouldnt probably work, some people would spawn near military loot and others would spawn really far away 









