 Some background, she was diagnosed with major depression and anxiety back in April but only started taking the medication near the end of it. This was during school and we lived on campus so to keep her in check with her dosages she had a campus counselor and we saw results with the exceptions of a couple of episodes that happened circumstantially 

Now it's summer, I'm back in college for summer session while she's back at home with her parents. She quit the medication cold turkey after she was diagnosed with a viral infection and was afraid of mixing her antidepressants (Prozac i believe) and other stuff she was taking. After three weeks she went back on it after reading the consequences online but only a couple of days after that she would refuse to take it or even fib about having took it. I'm about 6 hours away so being there is out of the question. How should I go about this kind of situation? 




 Either I'm blind or no one posted this yet. But if you want a MOBA that's not click to move i wholeheartedly recommend Awesomenauts. Takes place in a 2d plane and plays like a platformer. Plugging in /r/Awesomenauts 




 I don't think I donated to their kickstarter when it came out, or at least not the early access tier.  But I'm still confused as to how I was able to get into the beta before 




 I have Starstorm bought and I also was able to get into previous betas but I can't seem to get into the new 2.11 beta.  Any fixes for this? 




 Preferably playable in mac and PC and f2p  games are also welcome. Was thinking about getting back into Ragnarok online private servers but I don't know how well that game holds up now. 




 It's been a while since I took 12B.  What are some good things to brush up on stuff before getting into CS 101?  Any resources I can use? 




 Pc 




 Updated but no change, what were the other anti virus software out there again? Or the one you'd recommend  




 I used to be able to connect to both with no problem but now my laptop won't connect to either one of them. I'm sure it's not a school issue since I'm connected on my phone. I'm capable of connecting to our apartment internet as well so I'm not sure what the problem is. Anyone else have this problem before? 




 That's it!! Thanks x] 




 So lets say you fail a class but within the enrollment period you sign up for a class in which the prerequisite was the class you failed.  Right now the portal shows the class to still be in my schedule, is that a glitch in the system? Would that class still be there when the next quarter rolls in? 




 I know there's a handful of videos that do comparisons but I can't seem to find this one in particular. Might have been /r/Unexpected as well 




 There's a mini flyer that I got for [crunchbutton.com](https://crunchbutton.com/food-delivery)  
supposedly we have more options for delivery which include McDonalds, Taco Bell and some other stuff.  I'm sure very few people tried this service since all the stores only have one available delivery date which is monday 9-6 or something like that.  How long was this a thing?  And if you're the few that ordered before how was that experience? 




 Becoming Ambidextrous  




 But I had capital letters on mine :/ 




 This is the end. I'm not a fan of Seth Rogen movies in general but man did that movie feel like the biggest circle jerk of stars culminating in one place and it didn't help that I didn't know most of them. It was the movie equivalent of an inside joke, if you're the crowd who doesn't get it you're gonna feel left out and that is not a good feeling to have 




