 In short, TLR4 receptors are part of the inflammatory signaling pathways that respond to things like bacterial infections. While some evidence existed that these receptors could affect insulin sensitivity, there was much debate as to the nature of this effect since it was only described in genetic knockout animals. These researchers used pharmacological tools to conclude that TLR4 block in vivo restored insulin sensitivity in both the periphery and the liver directly, and not because of influencing weight gain and fat deposition (as suggested in other studies). Does this make TLR4 a novel target for type 2 diabetes? Perhaps...but the well-documented role for TLR4 in immune responses leave me dubious. Nonetheless, and interesting read -- for those interested in receptor pharmacology! 









 [Link to original article, though I fear it's behind a paywall.](http://www.pnas.org/content/early/2015/07/16/1510581112)

EDIT: Typo. 




 In other words: I don't think it's been documented, nor do I think it's possible for anyone to "have a clue". 




 You need any help on it, I'd be glad to be involved. 




 You're welcome!! 




 TOTALLY agree. And the title is actually COMPLETELY wrong: they made an anti-clotting agent. 




 Yes, it is...But the venom wasn't used in the experiments per se. They genetically altered the yeast to make the same protein as was found in the venom. And this is pretty cheap, by comparison. 




 Whew. Umm. Okay. To stick with the ELI5 idea:

During normal metabolism and cellular function, free radicals ("reactive oxygen species") are produced. These are highly-reactive oxygen-containing compounds with an extra electron that *really* wants to get rid of; in this instance, we're talking about superoxide, hydrogen peroxide and hydroxyl radicals. They can react with all sorts of proteins and stuff, causing cellular dysfunction and damage.

But, since they form through natural metabolism, the body has also developed defenses against them. Certain enzymes and vitamins (peroxidases and vitamin E, for example) help get rid of these things by reducing (as opposed to oxidizing) the reactive oxygen species and preventing them from doing damage.

However, many diseases and stimuli (diabetes, obesity, inflammation) can increase the production of reactive oxygen species. This is bad news when it overwhelms our natural ability to get rid of the reactive oxygen species. The result: "oxidative stress". Oxidative stress is a catch-all term to define a state where the production of these free radicals exceeds their removal, leading to cellular damage and ultimately dysfunction. 




 I think you mean plaque, not plague. But the problem (as stated in the article) is not just breaking up the plaques -- it's doing it in a timeframe that is soon enough to prevent the irreversible cognitive decline. Breaking up the plaques is super; subsequently restoring function would be the Holy Grail.

Still, as we're able to identify the plaques earlier and earlier, this new drug has HUGE promise at preventing cognitive decline. 




 I can try. Feeding mice a high fat diet resulted in oxidative stress, increased inflammation, and caused fat to be deposited in the liver and other organs where it doesn't belong. The researchers contest that a change in the connective tissue between the fat cells (adipocytes), due to oxidative stress, prevented them from expanding to store the circulating fatty acids that were damaging other organs and causes all the trouble.

By giving the mice a lot of vitamin E (an antioxidant), they were able to combat the oxidative stress, prevent the remodeling of the fat cells, and basically improve the health of the obese mice.
 




 Ha. I'll bite....and start with something basic. I'm going to suggest the battery: that amount of electrical energy stored in such a small "container" would be of HUGE interest to things like space exploration and medicine. 




