




 Jelly 




 This is just not. 




 Ew imagine the thick smell of asphalt in the heat. No thanks.

Edit: Take an upvote anyway. 




 Looks like he's missing a ring finger. Must have pissed someone off in the mafia. 




 FLOFL FALAFEL 




 It was very pretty, reminded me of some of the ones I've seen from Australia. 




 a gr8 sorce ov vitamn oi m8 il sok u n da gabba str8away 




 wich ov corse u'd no abt on fthr's day u fooken unuk 














 c abuv 4 my reply like u always do after i ream ur arshole n2 0blivion n u haf 2 get it 'd


edit: il rek u cvnt 




 oi m8 big ups 2 u yhrd but id still shag a bxtch's man just 2 domin8 the situation tho 




 laf it up u but she's got the lil crabby 1s tho 2 




 il 'av u no we go' more thn 1 time zone n 'e was txtng th likes of me from Milwaukee, fokken nincompoop 'e is 2 drnk txt me@ ne time tho rly 




 Came here looking for this one.
I was going to say "No Matter What Channel They Broadcast It On, It's BBC1" 




 Oh man I've got one like this too. Turn that drive force up, set it to 7 gear transmission, up the traction curve min and max to around 10.15-10.35, steering up to 55 degrees, shit is so bomb. You can just doughnut up the highway forever drilling cars.

Glad to see someone else on it. 














 It sure looks like one. :-/ Even as blurry as the photo is.. 




 same 




 k 




 Yer gotdamn right. 




 Yeah, "Rust" is a color also, it's specific to the material. 




 Same 




 Clothes Moth Larva?
He has the spun coccoon on. 




 He's cute, and hydrodynamic looking. 




 lol right up m'street, in fact

exdee exdee 




 Where did you get a trident?? 




 Brass Monkey. 




 I love this book. It makes unconventional sense at many levels. 




 He's right though, but in usual Reddit fashion we call anyone who isn't Neil DeGrasse Tyson "ghetto" and probably couch our opinions in pedantic editorialism. 

"You spelled something wrong and demonstrated salt of the earth understanding instead of being an academic poindexter, so I'm cringing now." 




 Chortle 




 Watch they'll find a way to pair it with something I don't enjoy like they always do, probably currants or something. 




 Andrew Ucles is the jam. 




 They are getting Shit Shower Shave out of order. Unless they shaved in the toilet and took a birdbath.. 




 Tesla was Serbian, but yes, agree. 




 Probably used a red or a blue shell, cheater. 




 LoL

I mean, if you are viewing earth through a hyperbolic lens centered on the core, then all points of reference could be deemed flat, but you're just playing games with the math. And of course nobody actually thinks like that, and no proponent of flat earth would ever jump through such a hoop, they'd just bark inanities instead, there's not much logic to it. 




 If the container was full to the bottom I'd almost certainly lose it before finishing it. Most every CARMEX container I've ever gotten has been lost before it got spent fully. 




 Downvoting him for plugging unnecessarily. /r/HailCorporate  




 That autoplay was really jarring at 6:30am when I just wanted to read the post first. 




 I've had dreams about places like this. 




 I see some folks theorizing titties in here, my gf votes Cervix 




 Yup that's him. I used to have him on my myspace account. 









 /r/HailCorporate  




 u cn pretty much bet ur botom doller it's an n-bome round here 




 Because they cut the legs off of doppleganger 




 Ew. 




 Take this to r/occult for a better answer. 




 They were still stealing all the catalytic converters off of the horses though. #GoodOlBoys 




 That stuff is the worst. Gave me nausea consistently at normal doses every time after the first. 




 [I saw it and thought of](http://timedotcom.files.wordpress.com/2014/03/president-barack-obama.jpg?w=1100) 




 How large is this? 









 OMG These were the type I tried in high school. Way better than amazonians and golden teachers for my stomach. Thank you for giving me the name. 




 And where is this particular Goodwill?
Just curious where one of those would show up at a Goodwill. 




 I'm in massage school. Some of the classrooms in the building are rented out for Continuing Education events. We're in class on a quick break and an older woman walks in mistakenly.


"Is this the Reiki classroom?"

"No, sorry, we don't do gardening here." 









