 My girlfriend gets stinging in her eyes more so when she cuts Red Onions than White, but I'm the other way around - White onions affect me more. 




 Explanation in the comments. 









 Woman 




 Hey guys,

My girlfriend and I are heading up to Cape Tribulation, hiring our own car for three days to get out and about - we plan to do Mossman Gorge and Solar Whisper cruises; what else would you recommend?

Thanks in advance! 




 She'd be able to do a great Rhinoa (FF8) cosplay...and/or Tifa (FF7) 




 - When Fitz loses Nighteyes
- Lyra   Will's sacrifice at the end of The Amber Spyglass 









 "God your mean"

...you're 




 u/LadyAzrael - I admire your compassion! Good work  




 Whenever someone says "Touch" I always like to follow with "...magic hallway." 




 Good for you! And good to hear  




 Based on the tiny cross-section of messages shown above- it's like he's baiting you to keep in contact with him. Especially when he repeats your "OK". Hope you can distance yourself properly sometime  




 Well done OP- that was frustrating to read, must have been so hard to stay polite.  




 I feel there's some extensive backstory here? Still, "I'm drunk" has never been an excuse for anything. 




 I seriously hope English wasn't his first language...there's bad typing and then there's this!

OP- sorry for pigs that don't understand what "no" means! Was frustrating to read, let alone experience! 




 Hi guys - do Etihad offer a fragile baggage service? I remember a few years ago my little brother bought a digeridoo in Oz and BA had a designated check-in area for it as it was fragile...it got it's own special bubble wrapping and careful handling - do Etihad operate the same service?

If so does anyone know the cost (whether it's based on size, weight or whatever)? Or can direct me to the part of their website that has these prices? I can't find it myself!

Thanks to any and all! 




 So basically I'm considering buying a ps4 out here in Oz because it's so much cheaper than back home in the UK. I know the plugs will be different, but that's easily fixable with an adaptor- just wondering if there'd be any other issues? 









 I never thought I'd be able to say it, but here it is...the fuck did i just read!? 




 Classy! /s 




 The broken English structure makes the comment about your "inner part" that much more sinister/creepy, even though he's (hopefully) talking about your personality! 




 Read your profile!? What stupidly high standards have you got, bitch! /s 




 I'm now rereading that whole message in his voice. It fits! 




 Oh...God...the grammar...the spelling...the lack of working English!!
*headdesk* 




 Haha! "We're a good match because I like heels" - clearly missed a catch there OP /s 




 Personally, I think you handled this well. Unfortunately, there are those of our gender who (as we so regularly see on this sub) can't take rejection, and either backpedal immediately (like your example here) or go straight on the offensive. Keep on sticking to your point- it's the right thing to do, though by his reaction I think it might turn more negative if he doesn't bend his mindset more. Good luck! 




 You sure are popular with them! I enjoyed the straight-up "no" response best (Y) 




 No, on a working holiday visa we count as residents for tax purposes, as we technically live in Australia for the duration of our visa.

We've been paying tax the whole time we've been working- it's just claiming it back I'm not 100% sure about the process of. 




 Hey all,

We'll be going from Sydney, on or around the 23rd of September this year, there are two of us flying, and we'd like as much included as possible (all inclusive would be the best obviously).

I've had a look at various holiday package websites, but none of them allow you to search from a departing location without a specific destination. Cruises are allowable, but unfortunately they're pretty expensive.

Ideally we'd like something in the region of $500 total if possible. We've got a weeks gap in our itinerary that we need to fill, so any suggestions (links would be even better if you have them) would be helpful thanks! 




 Hey all,

My girlfriend and I have been living and working in Australia on a working holiday visa since November; we are currently working on a farm, and will be until the end of July.

Our question is, for the tax period that we'll be working throughout July, do we have to wait until next July (the end of the new tax year) to apply for the tax return, or can we do it once we've left the country (we're going home in November)?

Hope someone can help advise us! 




 If it happens again I'd report him. 




 Up voted for the awesome sarcasm! 




 On behalf of those of us who AREN'T pigs, do whatever pleases you- that's what we'd prefer :) 




 I'm sorry this has happened to you- I hate being in a game/group where this happens (haven't gamed for a while, but used to play WoW, LoL, CS all the time). There's really no excuse for it. Keep your head held high and your gamer score up! And don't take any shit from the small-minded pigs! 




 I cringe at the appalling grammar and spelling, am amused by the obvious obliviousness of this guy (see what I did there!), and I applaud your parting shot. 




 Yeah- "you're a liar" quick, block her so she can't respond and disprove my misplaced egotism! 




 Well done OP- a very nice display of how to deal with idiots! Also very entertaining :) 




 "Oh my god you don't like my ultra-inappropriate advances: you're a liar!!" 




 Wait...so this doesn't work!? /s 




 Damn, google translate was my fallback- we've tried explaining things slowly in English before (in regards to other, minor problems we've had), and they've nodded along and agreed but not taken any notice (I hope it's that they just didn't understand, and aren't just dicks).

Will try google translate to see if it gets the point across, and if not I'll speak to the Korean guy who runs our hostel- he might not want to get involved in inter-guest issues, but he may have to! 




 We're in Australia; it is winter and rains 1 out of every seven days, but there's still enough heat during the daytime to dry clothes here (I feel for you in NZ!).

I'll try and use google translate to make sure they understand. 




 I know it isn't specifically a Korean issue, but they have trouble with English as it is, and I didn't want to confront them without knowing if just coming out and saying it would be ruder than saying it in a certain way (IDK).

I agree - the food labelling is just because we're already riled about the other stuff; as I said, the only reason that it feels really insulting at all is because they seemed to have suddenly decided to do it, we've lived for six weeks together without it being a problem *shrugs*.

We only do our washing once a week, in one big load, whereas they wash a small amount every single day - once again they've changed their behavior. The first couple of weeks, on the one day that we washed our stuff and used the clothes line and rack, they'd hang their small load from the bunk bed in their room and/or the dining room chairs - but now they just move our wet stuff into a pile. It boils down to the same as the music - the lack of consideration.

Thanks for the feedback both of you- I'll see if I can explain to them how it is from our point of view. 




 Glad to hear it! It's when these idiots get in people's heads that the madness starts. 




 Hi everyone, not sure if this is the right place to post, if not please advise where to go!

We (my girlfriend and I) are currently living in a hostel-owned house with an Italian guy and a Korean couple.

We've managed to explain issues of shower usage to them, so that we all can have hot showers after working on farms, but there are still little issues cropping up here and there.

The main two are personal property and respect - for example we got up this morning and started listening to some low-level music in the living room (quite late in the morning, so not disturbing anyone by any means); the lady of the couple came down to start cooking lunch (the kitchen/living room is one big room) and put a tv show or video on on her phone and turned up the volume loud enough to smother our music. Similarly they put on their own music when they come down to cook or just sit in the living room and turn it up to cover our own without asking us to turn ours off or if we mind - there seems to be no form of respect or consideration in this respect.

The other is to do with washing - we have to share our drying rack and washing line outside, and they wash their clothes without checking the availability of the drying facilities - if we have clothes out when their washing finishes, they'll pile it up on one end of the drying rack, even if its still wet, to hang theirs out instead. Again there seems to be no consideration for others.

A smaller issue is labelling - we've lived in the same house for almost two months now, and two weeks ago the Korean couple suddenly started writing their name on EVERYTHING they own food-wise. The Italian always eats out, and doesn't bring any food home with him, and my girlfriend and I have plenty of our own food and have never used anything of theirs. As I said it's a small issue, but it seems insulting almost, as if they expect us to take their food (we all have our own cupboards/fridge/freezer shelves, so there's no chance of accidentally taking something not belonging to us).

Sorry for the rant; as I said, what's the best way to approach them about these problems? As they seem to have no clue that they as people can affect others (though seemingly they're very aware that we can affect them). Hope someone can help! 




 "What crawled up your ass!? I'll leave you the fuck alone......I miss you."

Yeaaah... 




 Fantastic ending comment, 10/10 would read again. 




 Juggling
Card Tricks
Slight of Hand
Unicycle Riding
Stunt-skateboarding
Writing my stories in a quicker timeframe! 




