









 Belgian as well, waffles are usually eaten plain or with powder sugar (the brussels kind) and vertically!  




 The yolk just adds a creamy texture, like it would when you're eating a poached or softboiled egg. It's the whites that are slimey! 




 I've always wondered if the waffles in this kind of dish are sweet? That seems so weird 




 Alopecia is hairloss though 




 No uterus, no opinion 




 She looks exactly the same 




 So true, I'm belgian and I've never even eaten a waffle off a plate! 




 Louis theroux - i love crazy stories and his voice 




 Just being real about belgian waffles though, most belgians just eat brussels waffles with powder sugar and liege waffles plain. The chocolate and ice cream and whatnot is mostly for tourists 




 I got all... Whipped cream is a tough one though 




 I guess how you like your meat is kinda like music taste, a really personal thing. I love something between saignant and bleu so this looks delicious to me but I understand that's not to everyone's taste. 




 We always plan around our period 









 New! Tape your butthole shut! 




 ok good for you 




 I'd say a 5k festival tent clearing after about 15 minutes of a set is not awesome but actually pretty awful 




 Saw him live at a festival with earl sweatshirt and their entire act sucked balls. Everyone but maybe 100 people in the front had left the venue or sat down at the back to wait for the next band. He then told the people in the front row that they looked like they had never seen anything more boring. They agreed. 




 Darren Criss grabbing a girls phone and then throwing it back at her because she didn't give him a standing ovation after a show of Hedwig 




  i'm sure you could have made it to the end of that sentence but 4 words of reading is plenty practice for the day! You can go play in the sandbox now 




 Well i'm no expert but i've never seen anyone do this before and found it quite pleasing to watch 




 I will gladly stab my iphone if it keeps REBOOTING EVERY HALF AN HOUR FOR NO GODDAMN REASON 




 Um 




