 I may be an atheist but in the back of my mind i will always hope that i am wrong about the afterlife due to the fact that life after death terrifies me and i will never fully understand my own mortality. The surreal thought of life ending and there being nothing cripples me with fear. I am a human with my own unique life that enjoys many things but in the end none of that matters because after life i am nothing but someone who has once existed. Its been raining a lot lately and im kinda hungry. 




 I like fun skins that also may make the champ seem out if character so gentlemen Cho'gath is by far my favorite skin for him. For some reason i just love that skin and always makes the game fun if the skin is in the game. It's one of those skins that i just love seeing around. 




 Same been stuck trying to download for 5 hours. I had to restart it and i didnt do anything. 




 Thank you. I guess that i am just kinda pissed off and kinda depressed due to a lot of things going on in my life currently. If you look at the comments i replied to you may be able to like get what im taking about. 




 For the most part i wouldnt use it for a self medication due to me knowing that that is the main reason people get hooked on marijuana. Ive been severely depressed for the past couple years and one of the biggest things is this unbearable feeling of isolation and loneliness. I think that's the reason that these "freinds" have affected me the way i am. I mean i just lost my job since the store closed down which was also my hang out since i was 10, the girl i was with (she was 18 and all this shit. She has her own place and is going to college. I am not angry or anything and i understand her choices) kinda just cut me out of her life in the past 2 months, and ive been just really low of lately. If you look through my posts you can see that i have posted many times about it.

I just feel like that maybe if i did it every once in a while id maybe enjoy my high school life or life in general. It seems like all the people i know whp do shit are so much happier than me. All the people i use to know are getting high and they are so much happier than me i think.

This may be just some random itch and i am second guessing my past choices which may be frustrating me. Thanks for your output. 




 Ive never really had friends and that's a huge thing that depresses me. The people that i am currently associated with were completely drug free till about 4 months ago. I feel like that maybe i should at least give it one try before i completely rule it out or even like only make it an every once in a while thing.

Even at that the thought of smoking or doing any drug kinda scares me because i dont like shit that fucks with my mind. Thats one of the main reasons i refuse anti-depressants. I think that it may be because i am in a rough place right now and kinda want to find an outlet even if it will fuck me up. Ive lost the ability to care about my own well being and dont know what to do right now.

Honestly im more pissed off at myself for having any sort of second guessing or doubting of my choice to be straight edge since ive been extremely devoted towards it since middle school. I feel kinda lost due to these random urges. 




 I have been straight edge my whole life. I'm fairly young (16) and have very personal reasons for why i'm straight edge. More recently i have been struggling with trying not to participate in taking drugs. All of my friends that i use to hang out with and skate with only get high and shit faced anymore and i kinda brings me down that i spend most of my time alone due to the fact that most people i know do drugs. I feel like i would have more fun in my high school life if i loosened up and maybe smoked or something every once and a while. I feel like id be a huge hypocrite if i did due to how much i am/was against it. This is an issue brought from peer-pressure, my own chemical imbalances, and my struggle to actually belong/have friends. I just don't know what to do and i feel extremely lost lately. I've lost my job lately, i have almost no friends, and i just havent been feeling right lately. Anyone willing to give me some advice?
sorry this is kinda poorly written. Finals and State testing have really strained on me and i havent been able to get some coffee lately. 




 I have been straight edge my whole life. I'm fairly young (16) and have very personal reasons for why i'm straight edge. More recently i have been struggling with trying not to participate in taking drugs. All of my friends that i use to hang out with and skate with only get high and shit faced anymore and i kinda brings me down that i spend most of my time alone due to the fact that most people i know do drugs. I feel like i would have more fun in my high school life if i loosened up and maybe smoked or something every once and a while. I feel like id be a huge hypocrite if i did due to how much i am/was against it. This is an issue brought from peer-pressure, my own chemical imbalances, and my struggle to actually belong/have friends. I just don't know what to do and i feel extremely lost lately. Anyone willing to give me some advice? 

sorry this is kinda poorly written. Finals and State testing have really strained on me and i havent been able to get some coffee lately. 




 Stick with one adc and learn the range, skill shots, and combos extremely well. Make sure to really know your adc. A lot of adc's focus on attack speed a lot so that may be a good thing to build. Make sure to learn your place in team fights and know when to engage. 

Most adc's are very squishy but still try to build up critical hit chance, damage, and such. Also never play too risky with an adc since it can be very easy to gank them. Always go for heal and flash unless good reason not to. 

Im not the most experienced and this advice may be more specific for certain champs due to my lack of adc champs but this is the best advice i can give. 




 Yes. Ive been trying everything to connect o chat. Google doesnt help. Riot doesnt care. 




 Is this going around like before then? I know in the past it was an issue for a while. 




 I dont know if this is a good place to post this but i can not login onto the chat service. Ive tried googling solutions but nothing worked. Any advice? 




 Deathcore is better since it has more breakdowns. Morbid angel and all old death metal bands just sound like they're talking. 




 Thats rad as fuck 




 Id love to get the skins. For some reason i cant get the app. Help me out? 




 Bump 




 I feel a weird but horrible comfort in being sad. I do this aswell. 




 Cant agree more. 




 Okay thank you. I wasnt too sure if someone just managed to get him early. I know the jason posts are kinda annoying so i apologize. 




 I was online and the statistics on the bottom left shower that jason (some variation) was used 7 times. I know that its probably just from them testing him but does anyone have him? 




 I want a cat so badly to be honest but i just dont have the energy to take care of myself and a cat.  




 Because no matter how much you hate yourself or everyone there are still things you cant be angry or hateful towards (in this situation, lil cutie pumpkin). There are still things that can still somewhat make you smile or something of that sort. The world is a horrible place but such lovely things exist.

Just being depressed sucks and it makes me sad that such cute and wonderful things can exist in such a horrible miserable place. No matter how much i hate myself or want to die there are still small things that i cant help but smile at.

Sorry for my dumb rant just thought id put my input in. Stay strong buddy. It's okay to cry. 




 Yea i mean im sorta in the same boat. A bit different but the feeling is the same. The only thing ive done is just try to look foward and forget that she existed like she did to me. Maybe i did rely on her too much for my happiness but damn did i feel something that i have never felt before.

Just look foward, not meaning the future, but foward as in the next day. The next month. The things you couldnt do with her. Do all the things you use to do with people. Be you. Be confident with your ability to do all the things you've been doing in the dark on and off for the last 20 years. Life sucks. Im lonely. Im sad. The only thing left is to try to maybe grow to like myself and live a miserable life with a little content.

If anything, do not kill yourself. I have also tried to kiss death's lips and have them lure me to a place i thought i wanted to be. It is never painless and will only cause yourself to hate yourself more. Im horrible at giving any sort of advice but i tried my best. Ive been up for about 23 hours so i may have butchered some stuff on here.
 




 Accurate 




 I like cant leave my house without showering but it takes a lot of energy to shower due to my long hair amd stuff. 




 I second this. Hollow body and dogwalk are also good examples. 




 Bates hardcore gym and the Mr.Roboto project in Pittsburgh PA 




 It has lyrics near the end but try Mogwai-take me somewhere nice.

Not really emo but its still a very sad/depressing song. On mobile so cant post link. 




 Reminds me of early blink-182. Its cool 




 I love their first EP "I'll get over it I guess" so i was excited as hell for this 









 Yea they're amazing. One of the first newer emo bands i got into. Im hoping to see them with modern baseball soon  




 Thank you! 




 Thanks! 




 Thanks man, The Descendents are my favorite punk band and actually is in my top 3 favorite bands. Also, it's not a bad thing cause Micheal Cera is rad. You're Rad. 




 Btw in your one pic you kinda look like Micheal Cera  




