



















 Yeah, you can see where to buy it [here](http://www.thewandcompany.com/sonic/). 



















  Maybe you didn't ask nicely enough. 




 How about now? 



















 Everyone say that 5 times in a row, quickly now! 




 HAH! 




 Good God. That gave me the creeps.
On another note, you're right. A ninja turtle, though cliche, would be awesome. I doubt mine would let me do it, though. He's not into touching and cuddling much. 









 Most appropriate quote for me these days. It's similar to another quote I read somewhere - if you don't make a decision, someone else will make it for you.

Difficult!! 














 PC culture at its best (or worst). 




 Fresh or shanghai? ;) 



















  if I ever see a drone hovering outside my bedroom window watching me I guarantee it is getting shot regardless of the laws

Since I don't own a gun, I'd try a slingshot. If it doesn't work, the alarm clock maybe. Seriously, though, a drone outside anyone's bedroom window - or any window in the house for that matter - is insane. 









 I see this issue getting bigger and bigger in the near future with drones becoming more accessible to private individuals. 




 This is history and should be recognized.

I concur. Looking at it from a different point of view, it's a way of documenting that horrible part of history AND being reminded so it doesn't happen again. As long as it doesn't glorify that period. 





























 On a related note, I wish that throwing cigarette butts on the ground was not seen as normal acceptable behaviour; where I live, new forest fires are being started on a weekly basis because of carelessly discarded butts.

I smoke, and I totally agree with you. I live in the city, and it's so frustrating to see cigarette butts all over the pavement when there are trash bins a stone's throw away. Worse, there are butts around the bins! 




 Never get between a man/woman and his/her dog. 




 Got married despite my mom not agreeing. Totally justified then.
Dammit, she was right. 




  percussive acoustic guitar

That's what Rodrigo y Gabriela does, right?  














 Bummer. Or maybe injury saver. 




 The [interview](http://socialnewsdaily.com/53537/meet-the-guy-who-wowed-the-internet-with-his-cover-of-beat-it-interview/) 














 Would "Man Killed by Lion After Escaping from Georgia Zoo..." be more correct? 









  the adults should be the ones held responsible, particularly in the case of the 12 and 13 year old.

Agree. Adults should know better. But then again, we know that's not always the case. 









 And she says "Up here. My Box of Shame is up here, guys." 









 Thanks for the explanation. 














 edit: you might want to eat these 



















 Give me a box, no two, to give to the pricks I know. 




 Better than blue or violet. But that could just be me. 




 Go on. You know you want it. 




 It depends on how the fondant is made. Some of the best cakes I've had are covered in fondant. 
























 Point taken. 









 Congratulations. 




 Who cares if he's not real? 














 I love this episode. It tugs at your heartstrings but it leaves me with a warm fuzzy feeling for some reason. 




 Oh God, yes there is that. 




 ...Angels Take Manhattan. When you're not exactly emotionally okay.
Does anyone have any other episode to beat it? 









 Does this create a paradox? 




 Same question here. 




 All good points, but the 9th Doctor could very well be the best. But that's probably because I'm biased, although how can one really choose among the new Doctors? 




 John's photo was on the Spurs refrigerator as one of the leagues most hated players.

Teams do that? 




 Thread killed. 









 Yup. 














