 Bruiser Shyv. Generally 2 offensive items. 




 Hey Reddit, I've been on a bit of a Stephen king binge recently, and a book that looks interesting is The Stand. However, a little while ago I have been spoiled part of what the end is. I know that [Randall Flagg caused someone to set off a nuke.](/spoiler) I already know that the ending is seen as the weak part of the book, and I likely only know a small part of it anyhow. Would knowing what I know cheapen the experience, and make the Goliath of a book not worth reading? Or is the journey still worth it 




 At no point did I say that. There are some books where the ending is such a big part of the story that knowing it beforehand might cheapen the experience (Enders Game), while on the other hand knowing the very end of Breaking Bad beforehand won't make a huge impact on the series.  




 Hey Reddit, I've been on a bit of a Stephen king binge recently, and a book that looks interesting is The Stand. However, a little while ago I have been spoiled part of what the end is. I know that [Randall Flagg caused someone to set off a nuke](#s). I already know that the ending is seen as the weak part of the book, and I likely only know a small part of it anyhow. Would knowing what I know cheapen the experience, and make the Goliath of a book not worth reading? Or is the journey still worth it? 




 Friday for EU and Sunday for NA. 




 There is three ways to get to worlds. First seed is by winning the split, second seed is by having the most championship points  (you get points for the higher you place in playoffs), third seed is by running what's called the gauntlet. The gauntlet is a "tournament" between the four unqualified teams with the most championship points. Since c9 got 70 last split for finishing second, they're near guaranteed a spot in this (assuming they avoid relegations, where they forfeit the points). The format is the fourth places team plays a b05 against the third, the winner plays the second, the winner of that plays the first. Whoever wins that series takes the worlds spot. For c9 to make it they'll likely have to win several b05s in a row. 




 I had the same sort of problem when I first read the gunslinger. I found it dry and struggled through it. The problem with book one is its almost like a giant prologue. The story itself doesn't really begin until book 2. My advice is just to push through book one (it does pick up later on), and go on to book 2. If you don't like book 2 the series is probably not for you. Personally it hooked me hard. Despite some small flaws, the dark tower is one of the best series I've ever read. Book four is in the top 3 of my favourite books I've ever read. 




 She's actually gone through all the hormone therapy and all of that. It's not like some tumblr special snowflake who thinks their a wolf. 




 C9s just as big of a brand now as TSM is. The fanbase is slightly smaller but the organizations are fairly similar in size. 




 The only real 'downside' I've seen of him is he is a little immature with all the butthole jokes and all that. But then again he's mostly pandering to his stream audience who loves that stuff anyhow.  




 The thing is, the Csgo team has freakazoid, and several other players are fairly in shape. The only person who's really in shape on the Lol team is Balls 




 They can still make worlds  




 C9 was Thoorins favorite western team in the past 




 Putting him on a playmaking champion will do that. 




 And so is TSM. Likely Neither are going to be finalists this split 




 We league of legends now 




 It's a "poke you from 2 screens away" meta now actually 




 Everyone built him damage. Triforce, BOTRK, etc. Darien was one of the first to just build pure tank, or Brut/hex into tank. Plus Gnars Q was really Buggy on release, which lowered his win rate by a lot. 




 Group D ended up going 3-2 against Najin, Which is pretty damn even. SSW was unstoppable, and Cloud 9 put up a fairly good fight against SSB (a 3 man bubble away from a game 5). Yes, Korea was definitely stronger  then the west, but it's not like they got absolutely destroyed 




 I meant more of the "the west is going to get blown out" sort of thing 




 People said that last year, and the west didn't do too bad as a whole.  




 Kaas hooks were on point this game 




 Absolutely. He gets completely shit on by any assassin. He has no mobility, no way to deal with enemy mobility, no level 6 powerspike (in terms of laning), subpar trading (especially when the enemy can force them) prone to ganks, etc. There's a reason why he's rarely blind picked, and that's because he's so easy to counterpick. However, while weak in his own lane he makes up for it by scaling very well, and being able to snowball other lanes. 




 Everyone is overthinking it. They're just covering their bases. I sincerely doubt they're making any drastic changes in the very near future, since they're finally starting to look half decent.  




 It's probably setting up for a worst case scenario with c9 getting relegated. It would make sense to combine both into a super team. I think everyone's overreacting and that nothing will actually end up happening. 




 Kats still a stronger laner then Akali, AP kog'maw,  Twisted Fate, etc. 




 I've never heard that. Pretty much every c9 fan agreed that lemon was underrated, yet still a weaker point. The best he's ever been IMO was third best, and he looks worse this split. 




 Brand is really strong after the itemization changes. He was arguably the best Rylais + Liandries user in the game, and they buffed both of them. 




 Maxing Q second is the standard and IMO better option. In most situations your E is just too short ranged. It's generally used as an oh shit button to blaze someone for the stun, or as a cleanup spell. It doesn't bring anything but riskier damage to max. Q is much longer ranged (you can poke with it), scales better damage wise, and becomes a 2 second stun on a 4 second cooldown when maxed. Without maxing Q second you miss out on a lot of teamfight utility. 




 Kass has long cooldowns. Literally the only tear stacking spell he can spam is his Q, which is on a 9 second CD and requires a target. When you factor in the fact that he already takes incredibly long to scale up you find its not optimal. However, if you do follow through with it you get a massive powerspike. 




 I believe. After all this shit this season a C9 TSM final would be hilarious. The salt would be off the charts 




 I believe 




 Akali is a terrible laner pre6 against ranged champs. All you can really do is farm under tower and get whatever other Cs with your Q . Occasionally you can throw your shroud down to grab some as well 




 Yeah. They have two ways. Both are difficult. The first is they need to finish 7th, and run the gauntlet. Essentially they play the 5th,4th, and 3rd place teams in BO5s, if they win them all, they get the final worlds spot. The second is they need to go 4/0 and have DIG go 0/4, then they would have to beat them in a tiebreaker to make playoffs. From there they can go on a playoff run and qualify by circuit points or get a good seeding in the aforementioned gauntlet. 




 Meteos was made the shot caller when Hai left. He was a mediocre shotcaller. We're not sure the exact details, but the general rumour is that after a terrible game of scrims he snapped and just left. Hai is doing surprisingly well, he is obviously rusty, but c9 looks much better with him then without him 




 Meteos stepped down, Hai came in as jungle. They've slowly improved from their godawful play before, and absolutely crushed DIG today in sub-25 minutes. Basically a classic c9 game of old 




 A poke Mage vs a control Mage, makes sense the damage is so close 




 Even if that doesn't happen, they just need to place seventh and make the gauntlet. They theoretically could make worlds from there.  




 C9 still has one of the biggest fanbases out there. Only TSM and CLG are bigger 




 Like last season and their press R and fuck the adc comps they ran. Or the non stop Ashe Zyra 




 The last 2 splits before this c9 had a late season surge. So late season c9late season dig 




 Literally s3 summer c9 again 




 I know he won season 3 playoffs mvp 




 Makes his Q proc Ludens Echo. 




 If Meteos rage quits on c9(  the team he's been on for his entire career) because they're doing bad; what makes you think he'd be willing to be a sub? He's shown to be much too prideful for that. It would be starter or nothing for him. 




 Hai is the one who played assassins 24/7. His most well known champions were his Zed and his Kha'zix. 




 Playing jungle is much easier on the wrists. Much less APM and it's the least mechanically challenging role (excluding Lee Sin)  




 Hai's an official sub though. That's the point of having subs, for emergencies. I doubt they'll lose bans. 




 Meteos and Hai were the two main people to butt heads. Lemons his best friend, Balls is quiet and non confrontive, and Sneaky is Sneaky.  




 Renegades Meteos confirmed. Will Chris ever stop his rampant poaching!?! 




 Plus Meteos has been nonexistent recently. The two things you can count on Hai for are aggression and good shot calling. Both are things c9 is missing. 




 Hai used to play Jungle WAYYYY back, and he's got the brain to do it. Honestly, if he wanted to, and you gave him time he'd be a great jungler. Plus meta junglers aren't as mechanically intense as most mid laners, so it would be easier on his wrist. 




 All of the Hai jungle ranked 5s games are coming to fruition! 




 If they didn't add the leash limit to jungle, she'd be absolutely broken after this patch with the new devourer. 




 Essentially we just went through a tank meta. They remade the tank jungle item and it was OP as fuck. For ahwile there it was common to have 3/4 tank comps, something like Maokai/ Top, Sejuani jungle, Urgot/Cho'hath mid, Naut support, and whoever ADC. People would take Smite instead of flash on certain top laners just to have the item. In the last couple of weeks we've shifted into a poke based meta. Due to assassins all being nerfed, the common mid lane picks are all scaling poke bots. 

The FOTM picks in each role right now are 

Top: Hecarim, Gnar, Rumble, Ryze

Mid: Azir, Varus, Jayce, AP kog, Viktor, Twisted Fate, Orianna

Jungle: Rek'sai, Gragas are Pick/Ban, Evelynn, Ekko (he sees play top/mid/jungle), are fairly common.

ADC: Sivir Kalista godtier, Corki, Vayne, Jinx after that.

Support. Naut, Alistar, Janna, Annie 




 Kassadin: Fuck Talon and Cho'gath

Shyvana: Fuck Gnar  




 Kassadin is my most played champ in s5, and Annie is my favourite lane. I've smashed every single Annie ive ever laned against as kassadin. 




 Exactly. As long as you keep an eye on your midlaner and don't let him snowball off roams, early game is easy for kassadin. Just as long as you're not facing a Talon/Jayce main, then it's rough . 




 A full build kassadin can still one-shot a squishy, as well as have a flash on a 1.5 second cooldown. 




 They remade him as a bursty high mobility adc with low range. But then they nerfed his mobility and his burst while keeping the low range. 




 And cloud 9 3-0d them easily in the finals? 




 NA was stronger S4 and early s5. Eu was stronger before that and now 




 "We joked about suicide". God, c9 was so awkward when they started out 




 It still adds huge chunkage to your R spam 




 People complained the casters never called out mistakes. Now they're complaining about them calling out mistakes. People will never be happy 




 Runeglaive turns his Q into magic damage plus procs Ludens. The damage from a Q with runeglaive is higher then with Lich Bane 




 It's all entirely slowish moving skillshots. I agree he's overtuned but it's not exactly 'little effort' 




 To be fair he was so shielded that nobody could kill him. Steelback wouldn't have died there either  




 Keith's a weak laner who's best ADC is jinx. He played hyper carries on 3/4 games with liquid. I doubt they picked him up for that reason 




 He works, he's just tough to play. You aren't necessarily *weak* in lane, just you can't do much but stall and farm pre-6. Generally you don't have much of an impact in the game until 2 items (usually ROA and Ludens). A well played Kassadin can easily carry games though, he just has a high skill floor to use correctly. Not mechanically, but it takes a lot of experience with him to know how to play him optimally. 




 Contrary to popular belief, Nasus is actually strongest 20-30 minutes into the game. At this time he should be at 400-500 stacks, sitting on a frozen heart,sheen + working on visage. He can easily 1v2 and even 1v3 at this point, so you should be actively looking for an opportunity to TP bot or to a dragon fight and cause chaos. Don't fall in the trap of "one more stack". Once Nasus gets to 40+ minutes he gets easier to deal with in 5v5 teamfights due to getting kited easier and Adcs finally have the damage to actually deal damage to you. Against a good team you'll never have the chance to stick on their adc to get the two or 3 Qs it takes to kill him. 




 Nah a bunch of champions can beat him post-6, he still has longish CD's on all of his abilities, hasn't put much gold into his expensive item spikes, and his passive hasn't ramped up yet. Level 11 is where he really becomes the unstoppable duelist. 




 I remember back when Irelia was considered bad and a 'worse jax'. How times change 




 And then late game Talon will one-shot their squishy out of stealth while Xin will just be Xin 




 Amumu is still a godlike solo queue champion. He has THE best teamfight ultimate in the game, surprisingly good damage for a tank, and is forgiving and easy to play. There's a reason he's always been consistently in the highest win rates in the game since basically forever. 




 And 90% of Canada as well 




 There is three usual problems with running a bruiser mid. Your team generally lacks the late game damage meta mids bring, you usually lack wave clear, and often get caught in a heavy AD comp. it's definitely viable though, so don't let it hold you back. 




 He pretty much was. Him and Sneaky were the two 'doubters'. Lemonnation and Hai are best friends, and Balls is very non confrontative. 




 She's a 'tanky assassin'. She has a little less upfront damage then a Leblanc or Zed, and instead has a fairly strong shield and some utility in her pull. She was only really seen at the very end of the assassin meta, as she was one of the only assassins that was spared from nerfs. Her main weakness is the fact she has no escape. The assassins that were 'meta',Leblanc , Kassadin and Zed have blinks, Fizz has his troll pole, Ahri has 3 dashes, etc. Diana has to fully commit to a fight, as once she's in she's not leaving. She snowballs incredibly hard though, once she has a lead there's not much you can do. 




 The early life steal and much easier build path helps with her weak laning phase. Plus the %health damage and high attack speed bonus synergizes with her W.  




 C9T with Yusui looks pretty strong 




 I still believe. I think c9 has it in them to make another late season surge and make a playoff run. They're heading on the right path at least. 




 To be fair Dig has improved massively as well 




 From relegations to worlds! 




 Wow, who would have though DIG would look like the best team in NA at the start of the split? 




 Nah c9 won. Meteos actually gabked for once, snowballed the map. Balls got stupidly fed on Fizz. 




 To be fair actual sports are much more physically demanding. At the highest level of training for a sport like hockey you'd put in 4-5 hours average a day, and be physically and mentally  exhausted afterwards. While 4 hours of playing league is something even casual gamers have no problem doing. 




 W passive, E passive, Devourer passive, BOTTK passive. Q applying it twice. Yeah it'll be scary... 




 Look at the new PBE update. Riot is changing devourer into being more like old Feral flare and at this state it looks quite strong 




 Why does Annie have an AOE stun when Katarina has no CC at all? Even nonmeta mids like Ap amumu have more CC then her! 




 To be fair, you're not looking at the whole picture for most of those examples. Jarvan was so strong at the start of s5 due to being one of the only early pressure junglers who could clear the jungle relatively healthy while still scaling fairly well. 
Maokai was massively overbuffed, and the tons of nerfs put him into a healthy state. Even after these nerfs, he's still a little overturned. He's got tons of utility, sustain, and CC. He's everything you want in a tank.

Evelyn literally does more damage right now then she did in her prime in s4. They buffed her ratios when they first nerfed her bases, then gave her the E on hit buff, then buffed her bases back to a respectable level. 

Lee and Elise are truly just comfort picks, they've been around for forever, every pro jungler knows how to play them, so it makes sense that they would stick with them as long as possible. due to The nature of the role always having 3 'power picks' junglers have a relatively small champion pool compared to other roles. Plus early pressure is the #1 importance in pro jungling, and those 2 always have been and still are the best at it.

Lucian's currently 0-13 in LCS with the lowest ADC winrate in the game, I wouldn't call that strong in any measure. 

Kassadin is just kassadin. I still have no idea how riot finally managed to balance him to a reasonable state without making him absolutely useless.
 




 Just play super passive. CS with your E and Q if you need to. You trade one of the weakest early games for arguably the strongest late game of all mid laners. You just don't want to get snowballed on your way to it. 




 Well he didn't have Ludens back then. He had higher DPS, but was less bursty, if that makes any sense. 




 And it starts like that at level 1 




 Plus poke champions inherently do more damage, due to the fact they're always putting out (small) damage, which adds up over time. Compare this to someone like Zed, who does a large burst of damage very rarely. 




 The thing is, there's nothing against the rules for it. Riot has zero control over scrims 




 Power spikes are essentially what it sounds like, where a champion 'spikes' in power. The common ones are level 6, completed items, and all that. Often, it just takes experience to learn the major ones. Like Lucian has a strong level 2 powerspike due to being able to dash in, auto Q auto and win most trades.  Or Irelia has a strong Triforce powerspike, due to her kit innately synergizing with it + she will either have a maxed stun or W.  




 He's permabanned here in silver 1 




 Abyssal definitely. The 50MR works so well with the free hp of your ult, and and the MPEN aura works well with the rest of your kit + it boosts your allies. Void is situational. It is still a pretty massive damage boost, but it depends on the game really. I value Morellos Zhonyas Abyssal Deathcap and frozen heart over it IMO 




 I like slooshi and Cali though 




 Honestly though, I would be so hyped if Keith joined Renegades 




 I second Volibear. He throws you around early game, plus you'll never be able to fight him due to his health stacking. I haven't played against a single Volibear as Irelia that I haven't either fed him, or got smashed in CS. 




 I've had an even larger buildup of wax before, and ended up having the doctor flush it out with water. It's actually quite painful. As someone who had shoulder problems and dislocated their shoulder quite frequently , I'd rather dislocate my shoulder then have to get my ears cleared that way again. 




 I've had this problem. It build up fairly slowly, but you definitely notice it after a bit. The problem is that it builds up deep enough in my ear that I can't really do anything about it, excluding trying hot oils (which didn't work) or hydrogen peroxide(which my mother refused to let me use at the time). It all culminated into me literally losing hearing in that ear for periods of time, so I ended up going to the doctors and getting it flushed out (which was quite painful). I literally had around the size of a pingpong balls worth of wax built up in that ear. 




 I have never not utterly destroyed an Annie I've laned against as Kassadin. Your Q is the same range as hers, so you'll always win a poke war. With your shield+passive+ROA you'll always be too tanky for her to burst. She's so incredibly squishy that whenever her stun isn't up post-6 you can R-E-Q-AA-W and take half her health. Plus most Annie's spam Q so your E is always up 




 Melee carries are still relatively strong duelists. In terms of 1v1 potential they fall just behind dedicated duelists (such as Jax, Trundle), and DPS tanks (Shyvana, Volibear). A late game Yi or Tryndamere can duel 90% of the champions in the game no sweat. 




 Plus I guarantee that Kha'zix will make a small resurgence at least some point before or during worlds 




 Jacks pretty damn good too 




 We have 4 steers on our ranch, and they're the sweetest things ever. It all depends on how used to human contact they are. 




 Incarnation played his heart out though. He played much like hai did, going balls deep to try to win fights. It's too bad the shot calling and rotations aren't there. 




