 Beauty. Beauty is firm, white flesh. Like Mother's. It's everywhere, and tries to stay just out of reach. Is it not a man's right to pursue that which is beautiful in this life? Life is so short, a man must consume that which is beautiful while he breathes? 

I found one today, something which is beautiful. I was in line, she was in front of me. I could see her beautiful skin. Her neck, the skin taught over her spine right there. She wore sandals. Her skin there drawing faintly over her meta tarsals. 

Her first name was Laura. They wrote it on the Styrofoam coffee cup. Laura. When she left, she got into a silver '04 civic, license plate XTZ 14A2.

Address, Laura Knolls, 1800 Crestwood Road, Apt 202. 

I'm looking at it now. Something beautiful is in there, something which is beautiful, and I am so hungry. 




 Hey, I just graduated six months ago, here's my advice looking back. 

Best advice I ever got was, find something you like, something that you can make money and a career out of. Don't waste your time and money on a major that's not going to do anything for you (I'm looking at you psych and history!) 

Go to class, do your homework. Honestly, take it easy your first year, let the party animals do there thing, they'll flunk out in a semester or two. By next year, you'll have a good GPA base and be with people who can party and do school. Which is pretty much how must of life is, party when you party, but get your shit done first. 

Make some mistakes. Nows the time to. And don't feel some huge pressure to get married when everyone starts getting engaged senior year. Life goes on, you need to figure out who you are before you'll ever be a good SO. 

Good luck! 




 Haha same. Just wondering, what if we could leverage technology to have a better understanding of people's opinions on issues and letting gvmt officials have access to that information. If elected officials constantly vote against majority opinion, maybe time to change? 




 If you could design a better government with everything we know today and the technology we have available, how would it work? In this scenario, assume you have the land you need to establish your government, you do not need to fight in order to obtain it. 














 Do you have Uber or Lyft in your area? This is a great way to make cash during off peak work hours. In a busy city, you can easily make 400-500 dollars on a weekend minus your fuel costs. Your son's should be able to care for themselves at nights on the weekends. Survive on what you have and slam this money on your credit card debt, and you will be a lot close to 0 in a year. Good luck, my heart goes out to you. 




