 Closeminded much? 




 Please give me calcium mr doot doot 




 Dont pay a penny more.  




 Dont worry, its just beets.  




 Phds only have like a 3.5 percent pay increase vs masters degrees. Wtf. Idiot.  




 On the other hand I went on a date with a type 1 guy who had two large icees over the course of 30 minutes on an empty stomach 




 Just average them 




 [Citation Needed] 




 Talk about a plot twist 




 Yes and no. They have the rail that is nect to el laayoune, but not the mauritanian mines at zouerate. Quite odd. 

 




 \what is wrong with it


Ce n'est pas en franais bien sur.  




 Rachel Dolezal Medal of Courage winner 

















































 THIS SOUNDS LIKE A JOB FOR DWIGHT BALL 




 Austin has a lot of trouble he gets into when the cameras aren't around.  IT is a mess.. 




 Dan Jones already sent all of us good christian folks to death camps.

Better off looking for a job at Mississipi Collage or Libarty Universitea in Vagina. 




 \In 2012, Snoop Dogg endorsed Congressman Ron Paul for the 2012 Republican presidential primary 









 From LA and have been all around the state.

/r/thathappened quality material here 




 Ty! 




 Can you give me some tips on eyebrows and beard blocking? 




 I remember when the sub was still small and masc.

Now they are actually people who are gay acting.



 




 I would let them "beat" me any day! 




 Ask him out then! 




 Mostly just prudishness. 

These people are like the male equivalent of third wave feminism.  It is so dumb. 




 No fappers are retarded. 

If you need counseling for sex addiction or whatever get it, but not waking won't solve much unless you are literally addicted to masturbation. 














 http://valuingeconomics.blogspot.com/2010/07/broken-window-fallacy.html 





























 Weignardner worked for HRC a while back.

This has less to do with Bernie being unpopular than the head of the AFT being buddy buddy with HRC. 














 Teachers LOVE him, but randi weingardner was an ex hillary staffer or something and had the AFT illegally endorse her before the date that it would actually be possible


https://www.google.com/?gws_rd=ssl#q=american+federation+of+teachers+bernie+sanders tbm=nws

 









 Fish is made of meat btw 




 App trail? 









 BERNIE SANDERS 














 post this to /r/labrador  




 You can't have affordable housing, neoliberal style free trade, and open borders. 


This is why we have a housing problem in this country.  




 3. Universal basic income and a $20 dollar an hour living wage.  














 TIL Florida, NH, Tennessee, Texas, and Nevada are uncivilized.  




 it is outside though.  : /

I might die.  The heat... 



















 He is young and likely has no/little nest egg as well.  

As an EE if he saves a lot and works hard he could likely retire by 40 and travel full time if he wanted, hell, maybe even earlier.

It all just depends. 




 Unsub from cable 




 The media keeps trying to subvert senator sanders. 

They keep lying about how popular he is 









 \socrates

Ftfy 




 Or from the Clarion Liar 




 You look very handsome 





























 Human trafficking is mostly a myth. 
























 What were status symbols of the era?  

Books?  Nice furnature?  I am not familiar with the period.  




 \we don't do the lavish things like expensive coffins

then what about the big rush to get you in the ground 24 hours after you die?  and the demands that it face mecca and whatnot?

It seems kind of entitled. 




 So whats the deal with airlines these days? 









 The bigger they are the harder they fall 



















 He means Barney Sanders, the gay senator from Vermont 




 /r/conspiracy 




 Silence citizen!  Eat more Bunny Bread! 




 Salt isn't unhealthy.  




 We need more people living in and developing cities, not emulating and recreating far flung suburbia. 


Why are you trying to recreat Le Corbusier's dream? 




 Seaworld is evil 




 Garissa college too. It is mostly al shabap activists from Somalia who sneak in.  




 \spread the wealth

Dude what? 




 You are missing sidi ifni in morocco belonging to spain as well.  




 You are missing the portuguese bases on the swahili coast of kenya and tanzania. Please fix these types of errors before you return 




 The crimeans voted for it.  




 What do you want to do after your time in Ghana is up? 




 Most of the cheese in africa is simple farmers cheeses 




 Can I file asylum for too little death metal in Ohio? 




 /r/thathappened 




 Aren't they still African American though? 




 Wake up and smell the Bern.  




 The additional income ROI for a phd vs an MA is like 3.5 percent ish at best on average if I remember correctly. 


Look at it economically... 




 \I'm an austrian

\GMU

Quelle suprise. Tell Veronique hello.  



















 Except they literally are. One is socialist and the other is socialist and very nationalist. They are very similar. 


 




 Ad homenim much? 




 Back to /r/conspiracy with you 




 \over 50 economic migrants settled in europe and likely on the dole. Vote Milibong lads!

FTFY 




 "Experiencing war". 


Is that why they come from like Eritrea, which is not at war, refuse to file asylum at any country on the way, and don't accept asylum in countries like France and Italy?  Ffs it is a farce and they are overwhelmingly ecpnomic migrants.  














 All of the ethnic minorities of american renaissance. Lol 




 I am filing for economic asylum. 

We don't have unuversal healthcare 




 Can't I just get an asylum? 




 I wanted to move. I work at starbucks in Ohio but could really see myself being Norwegian, or maybe finnish, I like death metal and black sabbath. 

I had to withdrawl from collards for grades, but am looking to immigrate or get asylum. I have my money saved up for a ticket and am leaving soon. 

Which cities are best?  I am so ready to move to a forward thinking place where healthcare is free and the government takes care of people. I love the diverse vibe in cities like Oslo too, it is awesome. I can really see my life improving where I have more opportunity. 

Ciao! 




 \will.i.am

\artistic integrity

Dude what? 




 Can you distance yourself from the parents? 




 The jig is up boomers/bankers. 

We don't want your expensive crap.  




 This fall on CBS!!! 




 [Trigger Warning] 




 ..and most of the medical research confirms this.  




 Who drinks a six pack of monsters in a sitting? 




 These drinks have comperable amounts of caffeine to coffee. It isn't heroin.  




 \I can't sleep ergo nobody in my age class can have this. 

This is a little controlling right? 




 Oh yeah?  Did you go to some TTT law school or something? 




 Complete with yellow or brown filling! 




 Counterpoint: Amys Baking Company 




 That isn't true. Please stop sullying Senator Saunder's record.  









 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Business_Plot 




 Basically all of our history was progressing until the baby boomers too over the country?  That is what the numbers show.  




 Also of geopolitical importance, much like the Jewish community in America, their population is pretty urban. The largest concentrations of Armenian Americans are in a few pockets of Calfornia, which I would wager gives them more social capital and networking of political importance than had they ended up in the Mississippi Delta, like a few Syrians and Chinese immigrants did prior to the 1900s. 

Not to sound too crass but basically I think being in California made them a lot more influential than had they ended up in Eastern New Orleans like the Vietnamese refugees generally did.  




 But I mean does like semen even count as a food?

You can't buy it in a grocery store.  




 Semper fuckdellis! 




 : ( 




 If you are american but have relative ease getting a croatian passport is it worth doing?

 




 This is SF. She may have been okay with it to boot. Nothing wrong with that.  




 White man works at high power company job!  The salacious details on page 3! 




 ($$$) 




 Does swallowing during ramadan before sundown count as being haraam or is it okay?


Edit: serious responses only 









 Look at where DF is in comparison.  




 Fuck gawker.  












































 Look at his username. You think you will get serious discourse here? 




 Grandpappy bush literally worked as a business consultant for the third reich and helped to try and organize a fascist coup against the FDR in the 1930s.  




 Hillary is a neoliberal 




 Obama is a scam 




 It is portuguese-mozambican chicken and I think the whole periperi thing came from macau.  




 Archbishop of Banterberry 




 I don't know how people can be so close minded to middle class economics.  














 Ffs even a lot of them. If you allow new counstruction the investment is really good. They pay property taxes.  




 I think it is a big miscalculation on China's part. 

These kind of actions just polarize countries against china. This is how they end up alone internationally and going to war. Even with significant oil, reduced trade could still be more costly than potential oil.  




 [Motherhood Intensifies] 




 Law is already being automated. Ever heard of e discovery? 




 What is funny is that a lot of commentators act like chinese aggression in the region over islands is new, but they have done this in the 1970s and whatnot to taiwan and vietnam as well 
























 Literalaaaaaaay 




 Posting in a gaybros thread!  Have a good fapday ladies! 




 Where did you go for blizzcon?  A lot of cities/tates have hotel and food and beverage taxes to get cash out of tourists and add to the taxes they get from hosting events 




 The people are a large part of the problem. Lots of drugs, vice, low education et cetera 




 The health coverage wasnt manditory before obamacare. Why did they cut it?

Obamacare reduced their incentives to treat their employees right. 

Not everything is the corporate world's fault. 

By making healthcare more inclusive and harassing no frills plans, poor people and the working class got thrown under the bus by obamacare.  




 Dont forget the stupid 40 hour rule bullshit 




 Many people in cities don't do the things thier density allows them. It isn't an either or thing, and the stereotypes that the suburbs are boring are kind of black and white.  




 Jaden smith is the product of scientology 




 M'erlin 




 Lots and lots of redbull and singing madonna to stay awake.  




 Thanks for manning the NSA data center in AUS. 

Go back home GI.  




 \in the uk the news has to be impartial

Uh, wut 




 Aka reddit 




 I was talking to my family about this. If the government is just going to originatw and give credit for loans to banks from the fed/fha/fannie/freddie, why not do the credit screening and origination by the fha and not give credit for private stuff and cut the profit?  It is BS that the guarantors and source of credit privatize the gains and socialize the losses. Either we subsidize them or not. Basically the way it is set up now makes it more advantageous for the banks than homeowners.  




 Anuka honey does have antimicrobial properties that are pretty well substantiated. 

Organics is generally baseless though.  




 Thank you for your service.  




 Progessive is very gay friendly as well.  




 I see this all the time at the post office. Three baby boomers chatting and reading the paper and a college girl is doing all the work at the counter. Wtf.  




 Liberalizing the laws would be more reasonable. Only punish people selling fake tickets.  




 I'm-bi-zim 




 Cities waste a hell of a lot more on bullshit than libraries. Probably one of the few things with a decent ROI.  




 Seriously copy the pimsleur courses at the library. It is like 600 dollars new.  




 He wrote some plays where the government had these terrible bureaucratic offices and people use that word to describe sort of really confusing office bullshit. Franz Kafka. He grew up in eastern europe. He wrote "metamporphasis" 




 And tenths and portcullises 




 /r/churning 




 But drug prohibition is religious findamentalism, and when I make artificial barriers to the free flow of capital, people won't just go to worse and more predatory forms of lending with less oversight! /s 




 /r/outside 




 ....big love: 




 That would be a hoot for caitlyn jenner or rupaul to host. 

Would watch/10 




 There was a version with a gay guy of sorts. It was pretty interesting, at least more than whatever duggar bullshit is on TV 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tw-t2RsDJL4


It already exists basically 




 Have you ever seen "playinng it straight on youtube"?  It is a show where a bunch of gay and straight guys all try to get a gay guy to pick them as their final date person guy. And the gay suitor doesn't find out a few are straight till a few episodes in.  




