 Looks like /u/filmfanatic5 won the race to get this one! 




 Are Aston Martin actually releasing any version of the DB10 or is it purely for this film? 




 I believe it is an original plot based on a lot of Fleming's storylines. Spectre (the organisation) is certainly a Fleming creation, nothing about the plot looks familiar thus far though 




 Perfect trailer, giving away barely anything about plot, I can only guess what it's going to be about, but still getting me excited as fuck to see it! So far I'm thinking this has enough going for it to be the crown in Craig's career 




 So a discussion arose between me and a friend about what great movies have been made with next to no budget. Would be interested to know your views reddit! 




 That's no squid...it's a space station 




 With all this detail of how the flash and shock wave were witnessed tens or hundreds of miles away I can't help thinking: how insane would this test have looked from space! 




 I've been looking particularly at foreign language films that have not been remade, particularly french horror, would love to know what this communities thoughts were! 




 Greetings fellow Wellingtinians, how's it going? I've recently taken possession of rather lovely 4x4 and was wondering if any of you fine people knew of any halfway decent off-road driving around the Wellington end of the island? Any tips would be gratefully received! Cheers! 




 The obvious reading material for you would be 'Covering Islam' by Edward Said, very informative and comprehensive guide to Islams core beliefs and place in the political world. I think you would find it interesting 














 "Vote for me and I will make things better for the working classes" 




 This is what I hope will be the case, as it currently has standard road tires but I want to put larger off-road tires, ideally without changing the rims 




 Greetings fellow Wrangloids. So I have recently become the proud owner of an awesome new bad-ass mobile, it is in desperate need of new tyres though as they are as bald as a....well you see where I'm going with this!

My question is this: how can i find out what dimension of tyres I can get. I want to get some nice big dirty off-road muddies on there, I am unsure if they will fit the wheels though. My model is a 1997 Wrangler TJ Sport 4.0 with standard wheels but can't find anywhere any information on what tyres will fit them. Is it necessary to fit new rims also? I realise obviously this depends what tyres I want to put on there, I need to know the size of the wheels before I start shopping though. Any advice would be gratefully received! 

Edit: Forgot to mention, the Mobile Command Unit has a 2" suspension lift, so it will be able to fit larger tyres no problem 




 I hear you only invented chocolate to get at the kids? 




 Piggybacking this questions to ask my own: is it possible to drive Red Rocks or would I just get in the way of people walking? I recently acquired a very fetching 4x4, want to stretch it's legs with a little off-roading. If not Red Rocks, does anyone know of any other off-road tracks open to the public? 




 One fact that I have been unable to ascertain is where exactly was Courtney Love at the time of Cobain's death? I am assuming she wasn't anywhere close by as it took days for Cobain's body to be discovered and she hired a private detective to find him, otherwise no one seems to be very clear on this point 




 I really did think that last bit of thunder was an explosion! I'm in Petone and it must have been right overhead, never heard thunder like that before! It set off every car alarm on my street and I'm surprised my windows didn't shatter! 




 I'm watching in Thailand. It's free here 




 In 'Interstellar' when they leave Earth it take the full mite of a Saturn V rocket to get them out of the gravity well and into LEO. However, when they reach Miller's planet, which has much stronger gravity and therefore a much deeper gravity well, they blast off into space using nothing more than a landing craft with relative ease! Also, seeing how a year on Miller's planet is approximately 61,000 Earth years, how did they logically think going there was a good idea?

They took such care to be scientifically accurate and forgot common sense. Otherwise great film! 




 You may be interested in the film 'Mirrors', it deals with a similar premise. Altho I should add a disclaimer that if you plan on sleeping ever again for the love of God don't watch that film!! 




 I just bought a Bestop Trektop NX for my '97 TJ. I would highly recommend it, it was quite difficult to get on but is a vast improvement on my old hard top. What is unusual about it is, though it is a soft top, I noticed no distinct increase in road noise (most soft tops become deafening at speed). I can drive down at top speed and still easily hold a conversation or listen to my music. The fit is great and, most important, it looks badass as hell! 




 Was the study conducted by Buddhists? 




 Can anyone give any background to the logo on the ring? It seems familiar but I'm no Bond expect, is it a reference to an early Bond movie? 




 New to the Wellington 'scene', always loved the open mic nights where I'm from though. Doesn't have to be music either, some of the best open mic's I ever saw were comedy or poetry evenings! As I'm a newby a guide would be probably be most welcome as well! 




 I'm also from New Zealand, Wellington to be exact! How do I find out if it's coming anywhere near me, and how do I go about booking my 15 minutes? 









 I've just had an amazing idea for a prank, brb! 




 [Another view](http://i.imgur.com/Abhs9Hq.jpeg) 









 "*Pretend to be sober, pretend to be sober, you've got this, pretend to be sober.....*" 




 All good advice, cheers! :) 




 Been practicing parallel parking! Bound to come up! 




 I will be taking the test in my Jeep, which is about as likely to skid as it is to turn into Optimus Prime. If I did a cheeky role would that impress the instructor though? Man I wish my car could turn into Optimus Prime... 




 Right little ray of sunshine aren't you! I look good in sunglasses to, so I also have a back-up plan incase I'm blinded in a crash! It's all about the silver linings people! 




 So I'm taking my restricted driving test in Kilbernie on Tuesday. Does anyone have any tips or general advice? Anything would be much appreciated! Many thanks in advance 




 Sorry boys and girls, but this is a video of a man named Bob Heironimus in an ape suit. Look at it's feet! It's clearly wearing some kind of padded slippers! 




 Ali (2001) only has a rating on IMDb of 6.7, however I find it to be one of the best biopics made in years and easily on par with modern blockbusters and even superior to some in terms of storytelling an drama. An all-time favourite. 




 There are more domestic Tigers in Texas right now than there are left in the wild. Your crazy idea is already part of the world we occupy. They aren't super friendly tho, you can take the tiger out of the wild, but not the wild out of the tiger 




 Another one?!! 




 Yeah, you're friend is so fired! 









 [Here is the best I could find](http://musescore.com/user/888676/scores/428831), I haven't tried it yet so let me know how it sounds! 




 Certainly. The Saturn V rocket was, at the time, the most complex and expensive object ever created or even dreamed of by man. NASA built 15 of them (in various forms), costing billions upon billions. Even had a Saturn V never flown, the rocket is undoubtably able to take off from Earth with a specific payload and land on the moon, it was its entire purpose. Would NASA (and ergo the U.S. Government) spend billions in developing and building these most complex machines ever devised, simply to not use it in an elaborate hoax? I think not. A total of 9 Saturn V rockets, carrying three astronauts each took off from Earth and travelled to the moon, this much is indisputable, millions watched each launch, and if the command modules didn't leave Low Earth Orbit then where do they go? Hide behind a cloud? Remember, the soviets were monitoring Americas moon mission and were aware the Americans were leaving LEO.

Next evidence is what the astronauts left on the moon. Using extremely powerful telescopes and satellites the Apollo landing sites are visible, each has been photographed, some being so clear as to show the astronauts footprints and even the trails from the lunar rover. I'm using a mobile device so can't link, but a Google search will find the pictures. Also Apollo 11 left two key instruments on the moon, the first being a seismic meter used to measure activity on the moon (which was used to register key impacts on the moon from artificial objects and meteors). The other were large mirrors which, when a lazar is directed at, measures extremely accurately the distance from the earth to the moon. With the right equipment anyone can perform this experiment thanks to the equipment left on the lunar surface.

Don't forget also that each successful moon landing didn't leave empty-handed. A great deal of samples were returned to Earth, greatly increasing our knowledge and understanding of the moons origins.

Also, space travel was and is an exceptionally dangerous endeavour. Right at the outset 3 Americans, the crew or Apollo 1, lost their lives in a launchpad fire. The crew of Apollo 13 came a hairs breadth from total calamity, 2 space shuttle crews have been lost since the Apollo era. Would men risk and lose their lives for a hoax to achieve a vague "up yours" to the soviets?

Finally, a rough estimate tells us that approximately half a million people were involved in some level in landing men on the moon. If the landings were faked, that is a lot of people to swear to silence...

These are just samples of evidence for the moon landings, arguments proving we went can fill books, and have!  




 The 'we never landed on the moon' conspiracies baffle me, because it is just so painfully obvious we did! What is more, the moon landings are probably one of the greatest achievements humanity has ever accomplished, they should be celebrated not derided.  




 An entirely valid opinion, but we are talking about far too many files, it's in the thousands. Would take waaaay to long to convert the lot of them. Just installed MPlayerX and its working a charm, still having the 'one interface open at a time' problem however! 




 I didn't like the most recent OSX offerings so have been using Snow Leopard since 2009, which I still say is the best OS Apple ever released. I felt I needed to join the rest of you in this decade however and recently upgraded to Yosemite. 




 Thanks for the tip! Downloading now... I'll report back 




 The problem isn't the number of windows, its that Quicktime won't play any of my video files anymore, as most of them are AVI files 




 Greetings fellow Mac users! So here's my story, I recently installed Yosemite, and now Quicktime is refusing to play any AVI files, which is most of my video library. I googled, installed Flip4Mac which is a plugin for Quicktime I was informed would make it work, still no joy! As an interim measure I'm playing all my videos through VLC player but, as VLC can only keep open one window at a time, this doesn't solve my problem. Fellow Machiavellians, help me!!!  




 Mammals, not whales. Humans and Orcas are the only species of mammals that experience menopause. Technically they're not whales. 




 Hold on. Just grit your teeth, close your eyes if you have to, shed a tear if you need to, but hold on, and don't stop.  




 Claiming anything is the best of the year on January 10th is a bold statement! 




 Bucking against censorship is taking a stand for free speech. By all means allow good, practicing and peaceful Muslims to abstain from depicting their profit, or any human depiction, but by no means should they or we expect or accept followers of other faiths or non-believers to be bound by their rules. The fight against censorship, be it at a huge scale level such as censorship of the press, or a macro level such as an anonymous redditor, is something that affects us all.

So yes, this is a good thing. Yes, it is important to stand against censorship, and to declare yourself apposed to intimidation. 




 Some people don't know of the Blues Brothers?? 




 Fun fact: those black marks aren't floating debris in the mist or marks on the camera lens, they are in fact colossal Sunspots, tens of thousands of miles across. If you look at any other picture of the Sun taken recently you will see the same dark spots 




 "Lord of the Fucking Rings" sounds like an entirely different and probably lower budget movie 




 Good feedback, thank you 




 I have reconfigured my server use so I am now using the EU server as my primary and the general and US servers as my backups. I am testing it now, hopefully this will decrease my failed download incidents. Thank you for your advice! 




 Thank you very much for your advice, I intend to take you up on it, along with the advice from others in this thread.  




 Greetings fellow Usenet subscribers. For the last few years or so I have been using Astraweb (via SABnzbd+) and have always been happy with it. Lately however it seems almost all my downloads are failing to repair, far more than what might be considered usual. Is anyone else suffering from similar issues with Astraweb or SAB? Any helpful tips or pointers for this situation?

Many thanks in advance 




 **Filth**, watched it this week. Would absolutely recommend it to any fans of dark humour indie films, or anyone who loves a more cerebral approach to a cop flick. 

It has that lovely dark-comic feel about it that can only be found (at least by me) in Scottish or Irish independant films (examples springing to mind being '*In Bruges*, *The Guard*, *Calvary* and so on) that I myself love.  




 I'm not sure how to go about doing that, is their a how-to guide for uploading to dropbox? 




 This is Ptichka 




 In fairness, *this* Shuttle in the picture was never flown or completed, and essentially was only ever a shell. The Buran was obviously an extremely advanced orbiter, being the only Shuttle ever to launch and return to Earth successfully in an unmanned mission. The Shuttle in the picture however is Ptichka, which was only externally completed, never receiving the complex cockpit electronics as the program was cancelled before it could be completed of flown. 




 Pedantic point of detail: This is not abandoned in Russia. It's abandoned in Kazakhstan  




 It is worth pointing out that this is not "THE" Soviet Shuttle Buran. This is the second shuttle, known as 'Ptichka' that was never complete or flown. Only one Soviet Shuttle was ever fully completed and launch, the Buran which was the first and only Shuttle ever to be flown into space and land successfully in an unmanned mission. The Ptichka was never completed, being only ever approximately 95% complete 




 Thank you so much, I love it! :) 




 Thank you! You seemed to have got a lot of the detail back in this, great! :) 




 Fantastic, the colour is great in this! Thank you so much! 




 Er, is the top post on Reddit really of a man playing a Gameboy and a woman reading a book? This is the most interesting thing on the Internet today? Guess I'll go outside! 









 I have a pair (use them for work, I'm a Sound Tech) and can confirm they are worth every cent 




 As far as I am aware it is for sanitary reasons, the logic being that to cremate a person with an extremely infectious disease such as Leprosy runs the risk of the disease becoming airborn and a hazard to those working in the Burning Ghats. Of course the logic is flawed as to weigh the body and sink it becomes a hazard just as much for bathers and those further down the river. 




 Interestingly, he was one of the very few to be saved from the water. He survived by losing on a floating door, which gave James Cameron some inspiration. When he was rescued by Lowe (the only officer to attempt to rescue anyone from the water) Lowe was scathing, saying there were people more worth saving than a Jap. 

Source: Rough Guide to Titanic p.124 (highly recommended) 




 The Ganges is one of, if not the, most polluted rivers in the world. Anyone who has been to Varinasi and seen the Burning Ghats can testify to that. Bodies, thousands every day, are burned by the river with tons of human remains going into the water. Varinasi is considered a holy place to die in Hinduism, meaning hospices along the river are full to bursting with sufferers of disease or fatal injury. Leprosy is particularly prevalent. To their credit the Hindus will not cremate those who have died from infectious disease, instead the are weighed down, along with children who have died below a certain age and therefor cannot be cremated and holy animals like cows or Cobras, and sunk into the Ganges. All this happens within feet of bathers.

The Ganges is horrifically polluted and to come within contact with it in Varinasi is to take a very serious risk. Thousands do it, and thousands become seriously ill. When I was there I learned of a hotel that had been washing it's plates in tap water from the Ganges, resulting in several guests becoming extremely ill and requiring repatriation. A lot is made of its unusual qualities and so on, this however is a collage of myth and legend. Besides which, with water as polluted and rife with human and animal remains as well as industrial and chemical pollution as this, you would expect it show something unusual when examined. 

TL:DR - don't buy into the hype. You wouldn't want to touch a drop of the Ganges with your worst enemies finger. 




 Ah man, the trailer gave away the big plot twist! 




 Just PM me your bank account details, just to prove I can trust you, then I will send you a copy.  




 Being intellectually disabled or having a low IQ is the very definition of stupidity.  




 Scarborough Castle, being situated in the North, was not affected by the Blitz at all. No German Bomb fell on Scarborough through WWII, it was to Northern and trivial to be targeted. You may be confusing the Blitz, which was in WWII, with Scarborough being shelled by German Warships in WWI, when the castle was damaged by the raid. 









 Stephen King said this, not the Joker 




 I'm pretty sure the trailer gave away all the spoilers anyway 




 First half of the trailer - Excellent trailer work, plenty to capture the audiences interest, masterfully executed.

Second half of the trailer - Never mind actually going to see it, here's the plot in full. 




 This comment thread is going to be a karma orgy 




 And people from Hamburg should be Hamburgers!  




 No, because "Fuck the English" is an unstable premise on which to build a government 




 The shortcut through the Corn field

tempts you as you're walking home,

the clouds above keep the moon concealed

as you enter the swaying corn, alone.

 -

The corn grows tall and thick, my friend,

the path you chose is muddy,

it grows in rows without scope or end

and in the dark, you hurry.

 -

You don't see the standing forms

as you pass them on your way,

they stand still amongst the swaying corn

which hides their pallor, and decay.

 -

Hundreds gather in this field tonight

though you see none at all,

yet still you look around in fright

but the corn grows too thick, too tall.

 -

You tell yourself as you continue through

"It's merely the rustling of the leaves,"

but they see you, and they hear you,

And they might not let you leave. 




 Don't be a cunt 




 "Because it's there." 









 Why do people keep becoming US Citizens?! Watch the freaking news!! 




 Hi fellow Wellingtonites, I thought I would be a good plan to open up a Wellington On A Plate/Burger Wellington discussion thread to recommend and give feedback! Bon Appetit! 




 This is the most environmental friendly possible way to dispose of bodies, and is seen as spiritually wholesome by many. Not /WTF at all, once you stop to consider it 




 [Whale Shark.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whale_shark) 



















 99% of Tom Cruise films 




 The more attention this comment gets, it becomes statistically more and more likely that it will be read by both yourself and a person you will one day fall in love with, but you haven't met yet. You might not meet for years, long after you both happened to read this comment. So smile, you are sharing a moment with someone special to you :) 




 For varieties sake, here is a less sentimental poem that I still love:

 -

The shortcut through the Corn field

tempts you as you're walking home

the clouds above keep the moon concealed

As you enter the swaying corn, alone.

 -

The corn grows tall and thick, my friend,

the path you chose is muddy

it grows in rows without scope or end

and in the dark, you hurry

 -

You don't see the standing forms

As you pass them on your way

they stand still amongst the swaying corn

which hides their pallor, and decay

 -

hundreds gather in this field tonight

though you see none at all

yet still you look around in fright

but the corn grows too thick, too tall

 -

You tell yourself as you continue through

"Its merely the rustling of the leaves,"

But they see you, and they hear you,

And they might not let you leave.

 - 




 It's not a competition. There is no moral high ground. 




 I hate you for making me laugh at that 




 Won't be able to make it Sunday, will be there next time though! 









 4 camera lenses and no clothes, because logic. 




 Pokhara!!  




 Silly person 









 A little background: Bart Sibrel (the atomic fart-stain stupid enough to think we never landed on the moon) lured Buzz Aldrin to the Beverly Hills Hotel under the false pretence that Buzz was going to give an interview for a Japanese kids show about Space. No charges were filed against either party as it was clear to all that Buzz had been extremely provoked. 




 Recommend any particular essays of his? 




 A movie that I think deserves more acclaim than it received is the biopic film 'Ali'. In particular the closing scene, depicting 'The Rumble in The Jungle' boxing match between Ali and Foreman, in particular the seminal 8th round. The direction is superb, each cut to a new angle progressing the narrative: from Ali seeming to cower behind his gloves to the sudden fury that sent Foreman to the canvas, all the while subtly hinting to early scenes and Ali's early presence in the ring. As a whole the film is fairly good and Smith did a fantastic job of depicting Ali, but the last scene really does stand out in my mind of one of the most complete closing acts to any film I have seen. 




 We never went to the moon. Everyone else seems to have bought into the lie nah just kidding, can you imagine! Guys, if you don't believe we went to the moon you are almost impressively silly! 




 ITT: A feminist's nightmare. Lots of women worrying about their weight/clothes/boyfriends. Somewhere Jodie Foster is weeping. 




 The idea of something being too large to photograph is utterly absurd. [It is simply a matter of perspective](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pale_Blue_Dot) 




 I know there is an archery scene/club in Plimmerton as I often see them shooting and there are a few permanent targets there. Sorry I don't know more about it, I just know it's there! 




 I still can't get my head around it, this is Mars! *Mars*! This is literally an entirely different planet, separate and distinct from all of humanity and indeed anything any living thing on Earth has ever known! 

Knowing what it would look like to stand on another planet was entirely and completely out of the question for every generation of humanity until this one. Truly this is a colossal achievement, and an easy contender for the greatest of all miserly humanity has ever accomplished. 




 How much for the banana skin? 




 Greetings fellow Wellingtonians! I find myself in urgent need of a Kapiti based hairdressers, could anyone recommend somewhere good? 




 Credit to Bernard Manning for this joke 




 "*Play it fucking loud!*" - Dylan, after being heckled as 'Judas' when plugging in his electric guitar  




 Jellyfish Lake - Palau ('Ongeim'l Tketau' in local language.) 




 This is a powerful commemoration. Also moving to see Russian names included in the list, including Yuri Gagarin himself, along with the American names. I think I am right in saying most of these names are those of test pilots, as well as the crew of Apollo 1. 




 The curse of humanity: Those who shouldn't be having kids have the most, those who should have the least. 









 "*Ho Ho Ho*" 




 "*What knot did you tie Bordon?*" 




 Where exactly does one sell a gallon of crab blood? 




 They date back to 1983 when *they* first came to Wellington. At first we Wellingtonites accepted them and there was peace, gradually however our armistice broke down and there was conflict on the streets. We eventually won, but there had been so much conflict and bloodshed it was decided that all those who had fort against *them* in the great battle for Wellington should have there memory erased and that the city would be rebuilt to how it looked when *they* first arrived in 1983, and so it was that normality returned to our sleepy capitol. These markings on the ground were part of *their* escape plan, every time one of *them* was taken up the resulting radiation left these strange markings on the ground forevermore. Also, this gap in time is why Wellington seems so behind the times compared to other fast-paced, busy capital cities, and why the mullet is still alive and well only in our, again peaceful, corner of the world. 




 I love the part where it was a gif with cats in it! 




 'well here's another fine mess you've gotten me into!" 




 According to the investigation the force of the Crew Cabin's impact with the sea masked much of the evidence of what actually happened inside the cockpit after the shuttle broke up, however they were able to ascertain that *at least* 3 of the 7 crew members were breathing for the entire descent and Pilot Mike Smith was almost certainly conscious after the shuttle break up as many switches and dials on the control panel were out of position from where they should have been, lending to the hypothesis that the cabin remained pressurised and Pilot Smith was attempting to restore power as the Crew Cabin fell. It is impossible to ever know for sure what happened, but there is evidence to support the hypothesis that the title is accurate. 




 It most certainly could have been prevented. The break-up was caused by a faulty O-ring on one of Challenger's SRBs, which malfunctioned due to unusually low temperature on the morning of the takeoff. Many of the scientists that were part of the team responsible for building the SRBs were aware that the low temperature may cause the O-ring to fault and attempted to prevent the launch because of it. They were overruled, and proven right. The entire incident was predicted hours before it happened. 




