




































































































































































































































































































































 If Adu does come to Tampa (though I'd rather see him in Minnesota), then he could really turn things around--the way NYC's Danny Szetela rebooted his career   has now quietly become one of the league's best central midfielders 












































 a RedBull guy giving me shit for posting a US Open cup summary about a team the RedBulls beat, sure...last warning your dick off 




 cool it Jersey ;) 




 well, one of the main reasons the PR Islanders went under was because the team was tied too closely to the govt in power   when a new governor came in, he cut funding for PRI. I highly doubt the govt has sold or surrendered its stake in the stadium so most likely the payments go to it or a subcontract that is all-but govt
 




 so this $6 mil number is obviously not just the fee but the start-up cost, so to speak--is what I'm getting at...which you already know...so cheers! 




 over at Midfield Press, there's a kind of clearinghouse for the podcasts for each team. a great way to find them all in one spot. Reckless Challenge is a good site, does a great job trying to cover as much as it can 




 I've convinced I remember the NASL franchise fee is fairly low like $1 million but the primary owner has to be worth $10-20 million. but I could (probably am) wrong on that 




 I would assume lease. Because the money would go to the PR government and it needs more than a few dollars 









 I'm a house spouse 












































 A good mid-90s joke is its own reward 



















 so much for getting to watch Wednesday games 









 I still think your team is gonna make the playoffs 




 well, I know my picks were all wrong this weekend so that bodes well for Indy
 


































 yeah, it became league owned this year. 









 sure thing. completely see that now, guess I was just getting ahead of myself a bit. thx! 




 always a danger 




 both of those guys have really carved a good niche out for themselves 




 that's just as neat. who do you hear speaking your characters when you write/read? 









 Kosuke Kimura just signed with Atlanta 




 I did this time-suck today where [I tried to come up with the actors I could see playing the characters in my novels.](https://train_subject1405.wordpress.com/2015/07/02/who-would-play-you-in-the-movie-casting-my-fantasy-novel/)  
Has anyone else thought of this for their own work? Does it help or hinder you?  
Also, who would be your cast for other fantasy books like Sword of Shannara or Dragon Wing or The Name of the Wind or Blood Song? 
























 no 




 the doublespeak of deadlines 




 The the United States' domestic cup tournament, open to all teams regardless of status 



















 I hear ya. I'm moving to western Kentucky at the end of July, but my wife has insisted we roadtrip to Indy for every Minnesota match there 









 surprisingly long contract 




 greater or lesser than the "USL is clearly superior to NASL" party line after the round before last? 




 as someone who's followed and written on the Fire, I feel ya. Indy is a good club, a lot of energy and room to grow.  

 But I gotta encourage you to back Minnesota United, good stuff that.  

Check out the Northern Pitch, Reckless Challenge, and Midfield Press sites to get up to speed.  Welcome! 














 I don't know if I'd go so far as to say Ring is Carrick-esque but I like where your heads at in looking at him. Wasn't impressed with is vision or his ball winning ability--I see better technique in Pena and better awareness though I would give the workrate to Ring hands down.  


And as far as the research goes, I watched the highlights and as many fullgame replay videos as I could find (think I just missed finding one full match). So though I crammed them all into one day of viewing and reviewing and reviewing, I will defer to supporters like yourself that see the guys play every week.  

Thanks for talking! Hope to keep getting better over at MidfieldPress 









 there's always room to discuss. I think Mares   Pena are vastly superior choices over Ring. Would Indy be better with Kleberson in the line-up rather than out? Absolutely. The point I was trying to get at, Indy have stood strong without him 









 you consider this a virtue? 



















